Steve fought the blush that threatened him with the use of that name. It just brought back so many images from last night. “You said I had a service kink?”
Later, after a quick lukewarm shower, they all were sitting in the living area. James was in the armchair listening to the radio and darning a few pairs of socks. Tony was on the couch reading a paper he’d bought, trying to catch up on what was happening in this time.
However, there was this nagging voice in Steve’s head that kept whispering that Tony always seemed to know so much. He was always so in control of the world around him and maneuvered through it with the graceful ease of a bird in flight. But Tony had always worried about them, Steve reminded himself. That was the steady constant in Tony’s personality since they’d known him, that worry and the fact that Tony hated feeling helpless.
They took trips to Coney Island in the summer months. The first time they’d gone, Tony knew he was a terrible person as he’d had to fight off laughter at Steve’s ashen face after Bucky finally talked him into riding the roller coaster. The urge to laugh died as soon as Steve thrown up on Tony’s shoes. Tony had probably deserved that, but he thinks Bucky deserved it more. Steve apparently thought so too because he had punished Bucky for it the next night. Turns out Bucky really liked impact play and orgasm denial, and Steve had been exceptionally ruthless that night.
“Stop deserving it.” She countered before addressing Steve again. “You said your first memory of Tony in your time was meeting him in an alley. What happened next?”
He released a long groan as he filled the condom, wishing again that it wasn’t there so he could claim him properly.
“I thought I wouldn’t see you again,” Bucky sobbed. “It hurt Tony. It hurt so bad, and I was so scared.”
The closest he had come to this was when he’d watched those old movie reels and had used what Howard had started as a way to create the new element that would replace his reactor core and save Tony’s life. Still, this was a very different situation, and Tony needed to remind himself to move away from the work and let Howard do the heavy lifting. Tony was a consultant and not officially part of this.
“The tech’s decent enough, it just needs more time and thought put into it.” Hell, Tony could admit that his suit propulsion was built on this failure. “It has a lot of promise.”
Tony tried to steady his breathing through his nose, the rhythm of his lungs was too fast and too shallow. He’d hyperventilate if he didn’t get control of this soon. The moments passed as he continued to drag the air in and out, each breath a little slower than the last. He could hear the sounds of the city around him. He was outside, no longer in the sanctum, but the sounds that met his ears registered as wrong.
“Just say it, Bruce.” He told the shy man across the way. “And use small words, please. Between the drugs and whatever the hell this is, I’m not at full capacity.”
So Bucky stayed with Steve and this group of people who had promised to help find and destroy the remnants of Hydra. He went on morning runs with Steve. He accompanied him to the VA and helped set up chairs and tables for the meetings. He went along with Steve’s suggestion that he should go through the list of modern movies, books and music that were written in Steve’s notebook.
Since they had reunited and moved into the tower months ago, Bucky hadn’t made personal requests. Food preferences were irrelevant, as were what he watched, read, listened to and the clothes he wore. He followed requests and listened to suggestions if it suited him, but Bucky hadn’t had the capacity to begin to explore on his own what he wanted and liked.
At that, the A.I. chimed in. “Though it appears that I may have underestimated Sir, it was with the best of intentions as I was operating with the information of his few previous attempts to feed himself. None of which could have been qualified as a success, and most of which were a safety hazard.”
Steve calls him Bucky. It’s ridiculous. He’s a grown man, an ex-Hydra asset with an adamantium arm and the deadliest assassin in the world. With those credentials they should be calling him Vader. Or Khan. Maybe Darkseid. Not Bucky.
I'm a little nervous about the alternate POV as I have gotten used to writing Tony. If anything seems out of character or doesn't flow as smoothly...well, I did my best to avoid that. I actually left little breadcrumbs in previous chapters. This is how I always envisioned the inner workings of the character. I went back and reread this story three times to make sure I had dropped hints about certain things. Sorry, I'm rambling, but I'm nervous. Especially after the hype from the last chapter.
Tony turned and continued up the stairs, leaving the others to look at Bucky like he could explain this. As if anyone could really explain Tony to someone. Bucky shrugged helplessly and motioned them to keep moving.
It didn’t know what they wanted, and failure to respond earned punishment, but it didn’t know how. It didn’t know how to respond, and its breathing was becoming too fast. Erratic behavior meant recalibration. It had just wanted quiet, and now it would be punished. It didn’t want to be punished. It was trying so hard…
He should appreciate what he had. Two friends, who were as kind and loyal as they were, was more than he deserved. The happiness he felt around them was something he should never take for granted. This was what he kept reminding himself as he finally drifted to sleep.
“Why?” Clint asked concerned, slipping into the serious role of Hawkeye. “Did something happen to Steve?”
Tony passed the two wine filled glasses before accepting his plate from Bucky and snagging a couple slices of toast. Looking down at his meal, Tony forgot about the recent awkwardness and smile softly. “Thanks again, guys. This looks and smells amazing.”
“No, I know that,” Tony assured them, and Bucky was not at all surprised that his partner was offering this, but at the same time he was. Hotel rooms for several nights in London would not be cheap, even with the war going on.
“Good night, baby.” Tony moved one of his arms behind him and found Bucky’s hand. He linked their fingers together gently before he closed his eyes. Tonight had been a night of wonderful surprises. As he drifted off, he couldn’t help but wonder what other surprises the future had in store for them.
“Then why don’t you try to remember that this will help him and all our guys who are over there fighting. Ammunition, food, and medical supplies aren’t cheap.”
Bucky threw out an arm and pulled Steve into the embrace. They stayed there, enjoying the calm, happy moment.
Tony smiled back at him until he remembered about the missing person in this conversation. “Oh God, Steve,” he turned to look at the bathroom door where he could hear the sounds of Steve brushing his teeth. “He must have felt like I rejected him.”
“That’s right, baby,” Tony breathed as he started moving, a slow rise that was a sweet torture, “let yourself go. Ah, I want you to feel good. I want you to enjoy this new body. You don’t have to worry about this.”
Tony walked out the lab and headed for the elevators. He was unforgivably late for dinner with Steve, but he knew his baby boy would forgive him anyway, which was good because Tony was exhausted. He wanted to curl up around Steve and hold him as he processed everything that had been said tonight between him and his father.
Yup, it burned. Tony gritted his teeth as he waited for the pain to recede to a dull roar. Bucky grabbed several pieces of gauze and covered the gash that had restarted its bleeding. He then grabbed the freshly laundered sheet Tony slept with and ripped it into long strips. Bucky carefully started to wrap it around Tony’s waist, hands moving under his back to catch the fabric and bring it around again.
“I seriously doubt he said either,” Steve said, not amused. Tony realized this was no time to be flippant.
He lifted his eyebrows, waiting for Tony’s nod of permission, and carefully helped him pull the shirt up to his ribs. The cut wasn’t that deep, but it was long, a diagonal line that ran from his left hipbone to his lower right ribs.
Tony spent the next couple of hours preparing for the morning, getting everything ready so his surprise would go off without a hitch. It was just after one in the morning when he finally settled down on his sofa to go to sleep, looking forward to when the boys would wake and have a real Christmas to celebrate.
“Don’t,” he said softly, but it was without heat. He slowly lifted a hand, hesitated then reached to grab Tony’s jaw, forcing him to meet his eyes. He seemed to be searching for something in the deep brown depths before exhaling deeply and continued in a murmur. “Ya know, I would do anything for that punk.”
Steve also knew that Tony worried about him and Bucky constantly. Tony couldn’t be there to protect Bucky wherever he was fighting, so he was focusing on Steve.
Erskine’s face was kind. “That would be quite the moral dilemma. Do you protect the one you care about or the future of people you don’t know? I believe it takes a person of extraordinary character to battle with this. Most people would choose what is best for them and those they loved. You are a good man if this decision is one you struggle with.”
He saw when Bucky’s eyes kept drifting over the large object in the corner that was covered by a sheet.
Tony hesitated then sat next to him before picking up his own notepad. He gotten it a few weeks before and had been writing down schematics, ideas and equations as they came to him. It worked well enough, but it was no JARVIS.
There was a group of young men with their backs to him, and they all appeared to be watching something on the ground a few feet in front of them.
“Hands on my thighs,” Tony told him as his own hands moved back to firmly grab Steve’s waist. The moment Tony felt Steve brace himself on his lower thighs, he fucked up into him as he pulled small hips down onto his dick . Both of them groaned.
Tony turned to look at Steve. “God Bless America,” he said. “Gotta love that bureaucracy sometimes.”
“You have followed,” Tony told them. “You followed and trusted Steve, and you might not understand why, but that means a lot to me. You also helped Bucky. You took care of my family so that makes you family, and I look out for my own.”
And as he said it, Tony knew it was true. Building the suit to fight terrorists? It wasn’t noble. It was preemptive defense. A way to get them before they got him. The arc reactor? It wasn’t about clean, sustainable energy for all. It was to keep his heart beating. It was a great source of power that he could use and not have to depend on an outside party for that power. Joining the team and inviting them to live in the tower? They were security guards. The most powerful beings in the world living onsite to help defend him.
Steve leaned over and kissed Bucky before he moved over to Tony. He kissed him gently as he ran his fingers through Tony’s hair, soothing him. “That was so good,” he murmured against Tony’s lips. “I love you. Are you alright?”
“Steve and Bucky are the best people I know, too good for the likes of you and me.” Tony tightened his grip on the throat again as his voice dropped to a deadly purr. “That’s why you’re never going to speak to them again. In fact, I suggest you avoid them at all costs because they don’t need to deal with the shit that you bring to their lives.”
The driver had gotten out to put Bucky’s duffle in the trunk of the cab, and Tony decided that he didn’t have time to waste on self-recrimination. Bucky was home, and he would be gone all too soon. So Tony smiled and cheekily replied, “I’d look good in an armored suit, wouldn’t I?”
“I gave you a chance to set the pace,” he bit into Steve’s shoulder, making the blonde try to muffle his shout in a pillow before he released the flesh from his teeth, “but now I’m just going to use you how I want, soldier.”
Bucky shook his head. “I still don’t understand how they could have made such a big mistake. I mean, all the horrible things they said were wrong with you when Steve called me, and none of them turned out to be true. Then, they didn’t want to admit it and let you leave.”
“I’m not lettin’ that happen, Buck,” Steve promised him before they both caught sight of Tony walking back over to them.
He summoned all the experience his life had afforded him to put a smile on his face and appear perfectly at ease. “Well then, let’s eat! If one of you will plate the food, I’ll pour the wine.”
Natasha looked at Bucky. “You’re right. It’s less sharp than the van dyke, more mysterious. With the setting and the black and white format, he looks like an old-fashioned screen actor. The men were more rugged back then. He’s dressed like you, Bucky, but his jacket looks darker, probably black instead of navy. The brim knit-cap is a good addition to hide his features, and I’m guessing those are his Starkglasses.”
Steve opened his mouth, but James cut him off. “I know it’s not the art you want to be doin’, but this is the market they have right now. You know I’ve never minded comin’ up with the rest for rent.”
Tony turned to him. “How many of those guys are going to be travelling and fighting alongside a very high-profile Captain America?”
America was a country born through war. It was the foundation on which it was built. When thirteen colonies decided that they’d had enough and pushed back to claim their right to rule themselves, that way of thinking had carried on through the generations and created a strong sense of patriotism. Tony should know; his family had made a fortune from it, a literal fortune.
Tony ignored her as Steve got into position at the doorway before shouting, “As soon as we’re clear, you turn this thing around and get the hell outta here.”
“Come any closer, and the next one will be between your eyes, psychotic freak.” Tony told the man as he pulled back the hammer of his pistol.
“You’re taking me so well, honey, so tight and hot around me.” Tony grunted as he felt Bucky clench again. “Your fucking perfect.”
“I wanted to,” Tony said easily. “Like I said, you guys need a break, and you deserve to enjoy yourselves.”
Tony’s mind was working double time. Was this a casual chat between neighbors? Maybe she was just being friendly and trying to help the poor hermit out of his shell. Or was this a passive suggestion? Did she want him to ask her to the dance hall? It couldn’t be. He didn’t know how old she was, but he knew it was a lot younger than him.
Despite the nerves he almost felt a sense of giddy recklessness that they were finally going, and God help the bastards who stood in their way. He ignored the cold throbbing of his hand. It was easier now that he was actively doing something about it.
Steve realized that this man must have been close to Bucky and was probably from the 107th. His thoughts were confirmed when Bucky tiredly looked back at him and said, “It ain’t that easy to kill me. You should know better than that by now, Dum.”
Again. He’d admitted to things he’d never voiced before, had never allowed himself to dwell on to begin with. At least Steve and Bucky didn’t seem too bothered by his outburst.
Bucky chuckled as Gabe replied, “Man, you are lucky I like you, or I’d be tempted to find a ditch and leave you in it.” But Bucky could tell the guy was smiling. Like he’d said, good sense of humor.
“Exactly, people finally have money to invest, and it’s your job to show them they should invest in war bonds. Do you know anyone who is
“Man, I hate walking at night,” Gabe Jones, a man from a colored company they’d run into and allowed to join their march, said from a few feet away. Bucky had liked the guy almost immediately after meeting him. He was smart and funny as well as practical, and guy gave as good as he got.
“Pain?” Bucky asked, very confused. “Why would there be pain?” Steve was always careful with him. Tony had been too.
“Thank you,” he told Steve as it was taken away from him. His mind was quickly returning to normal operating standards, for which he was very relieved. Tony hated feeling drugged when he wasn’t in charge of the high. Thinking more clearly than when he’d woken, Tony realized that he didn’t feel like he’d been hit by a truck, not really. He’d been more sore than this days after he’d crashed to the ground in the armor during the Chitauri invasion. The morphine was clearly beginning to wear off. He should be feeling more pain. This couldn’t be a good sign for him.
“If you mean when you met him in this century, then no,” Bucky said shaking his head. “Was it that bad?”
Tony pulled back from the embrace to look at the two of them and chuckled wetly to himself. “Steve Rogers and Bucky Barnes are going to try to save me. If anyone could fix me, it’d be you.”
“Good choice,” the colonel informed him. “Now get your ass to the lab and earn that check the army is giving you.”
“As who? Steve from Ohio?” Bucky retorted. “They’ll catch you, or worse, they’ll actually take you.”
“I like pleasure.” He said simply. “I’ve enjoyed many roles for sex but don’t really identify as one over the other. My main goal is to feel good and make the person I’m with feel good. I’m one of the most fluid people I’ve met. I’ve bottomed, topped, been a daddy, been an owner, among other things. I’ve even been a sadist for a longer term partner with masochistic preferences, and I enjoyed it all.” He’d even been a little surprised by how much he liked delivering pain to someone.
“I wouldn’t go that far,” Steve said from the kitchen where he was making dinner. Ruth had suggested a simple soup since Tony hadn’t eaten in so long. Tony wanted to object, but he knew she was probably right.
4.) Tony needed a job! He was not cut out to be June fucking Cleaver. A few more days of this, and he’d pull his hair out just for something to do. God, he missed his workshop.
When Tony was finished with the paper, he folded and laid it to the side on a small table where the lamp sat. He sat up to stretch, earning himself a loud pop from one of the middle vertebrae. He looked over to James who appeared to be on his last sock, then down to Steve.
In November, less than ten months away, Operation Torch would herald the first united invasion by British and American allies. Over seventy thousand men would storm three major coastal cities from the sea and would achieve victory two days later. After that success Italy would be next and become a bloody battle ground as the allies fought their way to Germany and helped to overthrow Mussolini on the way. Tony hoped his brother’s family could escape by then.
Steve’s control snapped as he loudly cut her off. “By the time he’s done that, it could be too late!”
He smiled at the other man. “G’morning, Tony.” He softly answered. Tony leaned in to kiss him, his beard scratching softly with a hint of morning breath. It was perfect. Real.
A lot happens in this chapter if you couldn't guess from the length. Needless to say, this is what history looks like when Tony is in the passenger's seat. Enjoy!
“He’s the scientist who recruited me. It's his project. I’m sorry I had to keep everything a secret from you and Bucky. I hated lying even if it was by omission.” Tony’s face was a mixture of pride and sadness as he stared into Steve’s eyes. “I’m so proud of you, Steve. He has been looking for the right candidates for so long and is very selective. He must have seen something special in you.”
Steve, not surprisingly, was the first to pass out. His head resting on Tony’s shoulder as he breathed deeply,making a small wheeze at each exhale. Tony watched him with a fond smile. He looked so innocent, so peaceful. Tony wanted to wrap his arms around him, wanted to keep him this way and shield him from a future that was going to put so much on the young man’s shoulders. The burden of command, of saving the world, that would be thrust upon him.
“A lot of chemicals,” Tony answered. “It’s another responsibility of a top to make sure that the submissive is able to continue making lucid choices throughout the scene because sometimes these chemicals along with the intense feelings the sub is experiencing can alter their judgement.”
Tony noticed Dugan’s look of anger at Bucky’s name, but it was Falsworth who answered. “There’s an isolation ward in the factory, but no one’s ever come back from it.”
Just to rub it in a little more, Tony continued. “I mean, I’m pretty sure that should work. Right, Mr. Stark?” Tony’s voice was guileless, the perfect combination of uncertain and respectful. He almost felt bad for Howard. Almost. Tony could see how easy it would be to outmaneuver the man. Tony was forty-two and Howard was in his early twenties. He had nothing on Tony’s experience with these matters, both scientifically and socially.
“Yeah, I know.” Bucky said and sighed. “I never expected I’d be a soldier, though. Never thought I’d have to kill someone just because someone else told me to.”
“Plus, you’ve got your new project,” Steve nodded to the incomplete gauntlet on the desk. “What is that thing, anyway?”
Steve’s fingers stopped their movement as he looked down to find Bucky’s face. “He would,” Steve said slowly, “but so would you, Buck. You were my fella too.”
Dugan huffed. “That son of a bitch can’t make sergeant. Could you imagine him as our CO’s right hand man?”
Upon hearing his question, Steve’s anger was replaced by what Tony could only interpret as sad exhaustion, as he answered, “You were hit by a truck. Do you remember?”
“I love you, Buck. I’ll do anythin’ you need.” Steve sighed a satisfied sound. “Til the end of the line.”
Bucky suppressed a shudder and reminded himself that she hadn’t known. That she had worked alongside Steve to bring down HYDRA. He reminded himself that Barton also hated the thought of someone’s will being taken from them. That he had suffered from that too.
“Tony,” Steve choked beside his ear, “I’m so glad you’re here. I didn’t know where you were. They brought me here and told me not to leave or tell people where I was, and they had all these papers that I needed to sign and memorize.” Steve sounded frantic as he squeezed at Tony even tighter. “I didn’t know how to find you. They wouldn’t tell me anything except that you had left.”
Steve felt the familiar prickling sensation behind his eyes, but he pushed it away. It was always so much harder when he had to pretend that he was alright for the sake of others. “I’m Ok, Buck. You don’t need to worry about me. You’ve got enough to handle right now.”
“I was thinking spaghetti.” He said as they walked to the kitchen. “If that’s alright with you? Really I’m good with anything.”
Steve’s need had no problem with that request. In a move that was so fast, it even surprised him, Steve had them flipped over, and Tony was now pinned beneath him. He continued the punishing pace from before, but now he used his whole body. His arms moved beneath Tony’s back to hook onto his shoulders and hold him in place as he pounded into him.
“You boys are lucky that I fell in love with you before meeting her,” Tony quipped. “I bet we’d make smart and beautiful Italian babies together.”
“About that,” Clint said. “Why aren’t we all ‘Ouch, it’s hurts so much that I passed out’ like Cap and Barnes were? Not that I’m complaining because that didn’t look fun, but why just a little dizziness and it’s over?”
“I’m dangerous, Steve. I almost hurt you again.” Bucky shuddered at the thought that he could have attacked Steve during his episode. The knife was still lying on the floor two feet away from him as proof of what he could have done.
It looks back to the weapon. The arms looked strong, compounded reinforced metal. Advanced and Fascinating?…irrelevant, but…There was something in its mind. A whisper that itched in its head.
He should have known that Steve would say yes, but this was all still so new to him. Up to the day before he’d been the scary freak who hardly spoke and wore knives and guns at the dinner table. Granted, last night he’d still wore guns and knives to the dinner table, but he’d talked to the others so that was something, he supposed.
“Fair enough, but you have to admit that it sounds like something Justin Hammer would build. I mean, after Rhodes and that whole “ex-wife” missile. It definitely sounded like HammerTech to me.”
After, when they were back in their apartment, Tony turned on the radio to a station playing Christmas music. As Steve took a seat on the couch and Bucky in his armchair, he went to the icebox for his last surprise. He brought out the large jug and three glasses, setting them on the small coffee table in front of the boys, as he went behind the couch to grab the final ingredient.
Steve cried out, unable to finish his thought as a sudden pain lanced through his head. His vision blurred as he felt himself fall to his knees cradling his skull. He squeezed his eyes shut as images floated across his closed lids. The sound of his team’s worried voices around him were distant as other phantom voices flooded his mind.
“It’s not on you, doc.” Tony told him. “And it couldn’t be avoided, right? We had to meet. I had to prove that I belong here. Now it’s over, and we can plan for next time. So, what do you need consulting on? Let’s work on figuring this out while we avoid unraveling history.”
Tony understood, he really did. This was new for them. They had been together for years. Years to learn about the other’s wants and discover each other’s bodies, and now there was a new person being introduced into something that was very private between them. Hell, it wasn’t just private, it was a secret.
By the time Steve had found him almost two months later, Bucky had learned a little about the man in the red, white and blue uniform, but he still didn’t remember him. He knew that he should. The museum had said they’d been friends a long time ago. Still, the clearest thing he could remember had been a much smaller looking Steve laid out beside him, looking happy and murmuring “til the end of the line”.
He finally responded, “Europe, huh? That’s something, then. Too bad France is occupied. I haven’t been there in years, and I’d love to show you Paris, city of love and all that.”
Then, he thought over what Tony had just said and realized, “He’s part of that project you’ve been working on for the military.”
Bucky nodded, knowing Tony was right on all accounts.  They grabbed some clothes and quietly got dressed before they took turns in the bathroom to wash up and brush their teeth. He let Tony go first because he was the one who had a job to get to.
Tony had crafted a life for himself here.  He’d had to adapt and become someone else. Someone Steve and Bucky would want to be around. The problem was that as more time went by, he’d started to forget it was a persona. He’d genuinely begun to change, and he’d
The door opened, and he followed Erskine into the large room. Tony was in a weird sort of emotional limbo. He was comforted by the setup of an engineer’s lab. The tools and machines and schematics were familiar to him; however, the knowledge of who he was meeting in here made it impossible to enjoy the effect of the room.
There's dancing, and Tony plays matchmaker. Three well paired couples go out and celebrate the New Year with interesting results. Tony learns a secret about the boys and admits some things to himself. He runs into some unwelcome faces, and...Well, Tony chooses violence.
Tony watched Bucky sigh as he closed his eyes. “They’ll say yes. They’re all idiots, so they’ll say yes.”
“What are you talkin’ about?” Bucky asked. His straight face lasted a few more seconds before he burst out laughing. Steve soon joined in.
“We understand why you did it, Tony.” Steve said from where his head was resting against Tony’s shoulder. At Tony’s disbelieving look, Steve added, “We don’t know the reason behind it, not really, but we do know
Steve sighed, “Alright, if this is what it takes for you stay with us and fight, I’ll just have to get used to it, but I still don’t like it. Tony, you’re going to be risking your life if you come to fight with me, and no one is even going to know your name. That’s not right.”
“You’re both pretty damn special in my book.” Too special, he thought, and Tony should probably stop talking. Damn bourbon. “I’ve travelled all over this planet and met a lot of people who might be considered important, but none of them have impressed me the way you two have.”
Bucky was grinning ear to ear. “She sounds perfect for you, Stevie, and she’s an artist! You can’t say you won’t have anything to talk about.”
“It won’t be perfect forever,” Tony told him, “but I promise the next few decades will see such a growth in prosperity for this country. Businesses will open, not close. Homes will be built, not foreclosed on. It’s simple economics, baby. I’d be happy to teach you. The next decade will heal this country.”
have made a few harmless investments along the way. It was nothing overt, just enough to keep them comfortable and make sure their lives went easier, and Tony had been putting it to the side. He liked to think of it as a retirement fund. Recently, he also may have used the money from Steve and Bucky’s army pay to buy some stocks in their name. It was nothing that would do them any good right now, but in the future when this was over and behind them…Tony sometimes wondered if he was kidding himself with that, but he had to keep trying. He had to keep planning. Because there had to be a future.
Bucky’s whole persona was mostly an act every time he left the apartment, and he couldn’t stand the thought of pretending that he and Steve weren’t crazy for the man every day in their own home.
They turned to look at him, his bottom half completely bare and quickly hardening at the sight before him. “God, the things I want to do to you.”
“You don’t have to do that yet,” Tony said quickly. “Just wait until they send your notice.” He was desperate for more time, maybe this would change something, anything about what was supposed to happen. Tony knew he was wrong and selfish to try to change anything, but he didn’t care anymore.
Unlike Bucky, Steve didn’t want to be treasured. He wanted to be used and overwhelmed, and it drove Tony crazy when the blonde was in the mood to give up his control for Tony. It was a heady feeling knowing that he was the only one who could do that to Steve Rogers, the only one allowed, and Steve was practically begging for it with his eyes right now. He was begging for a distraction and reassurance.
Bucky nodded his head against Tony’s shoulder. “We’ll be at war soon. They’ll set up more enlistment centers and start sending out the draft notices.”
“It’s really not that big a deal.” He said as he pushed the pasta around on his plate. “I was bored and wanted to do something nice for you.”
It didn’t matter. He’d take the pain. As long as he could have whatever love they chose to give him, even as a friend, he’d bear the pain and cherish the love.
“No, it’s not the same and usually not as intense, but you can experience a form of drop after the pleasure of servicing Bucky. I just wanted to mention it just in case. I would rather over prepare you than under prepare.”
At that moment Fredrick Williams walked past them and kicked Bucky’s bunk. “Says the biggest slut in the borough.”
Tony took some deep breaths in an effort to calm himself. “I’m sorry,” Tony told him, wishing he could say more, but he had to hold back the words. They weren’t alone, and Tony was obligated to act like Steve was just his friend. “Steve, I’m sorry, but you know how much I hate being in the hospital, and this is all unnecessary. I’m not going to deny that I got knocked out and banged up, but I
Bucky wanted to rage at everything and everyone. This wasn’t fair! None of them deserved this! They were happy and together and in love. Why were they destined to have everything ripped away from them? Why were they stuck here, damaged from everything they’d been through, and completely unable to save Tony from the thing he fears most: losing them and being left alone.
Tony was pleased to see that the small turkey he’d managed to get was almost ready. He began the final steps for the side dishes.
He looked over Tony again. His dark lashes were resting on the hollows under his eyes as he breathed softly in his sleep. Bucky’s eyes traveled down to the striking facial hair Tony maintained. New growth had grown across his cheeks, leaving them shadowed. He’d shave before he left the apartment today. Tony was meticulous about his grooming.
Steve’s eyebrows came down. “We talked about this. You’re not allowed to mention the outfit. It doesn’t exist, remember?”
white shirt while James (not Bucky) continued his tradition of a black on black wardrobe which, admittedly, he was pulling off effortlessly. James didn’t say anything in greeting. He rarely said anything at all so this wasn’t surprising, it just made Tony uneasy. In a very manly way, of course.
“You could.” James said, soft and sincere. “You seem like the kind of guy who takes life and makes it the way he wants it. I know we haven’t known you long, Tony, but it’s plain to see that you don’t let difficulties hold you back. You said you fix things, yeah?”
Thunder rolled over him from his hidden position, and he prayed to a God a wasn’t quite sure existed that they would spare him this.
“I love you,” Tony murmured against his mouth. His hands gently running up and down Steve’s spine. “I love you so much.”
Steve was sassy and stubborn and brave; beautiful with his high cheekbones and thick lashes that framed those sky blue eyes set off by blonde hair, and slender, graceful hands.
Bucky was now panting and whining against bearded lips from the need he was feeling. His body trembled and writhed, but his hips were being held in place by Steve as he was worked open. He eventually realized that his wasn’t the only breathing that was labored. Little sounds were also coming from the mouth against his. Small noises of impatience and pleasure escaped his Daddy’s lips as they continued to suck and nibble and lick at Bucky’s mouth.
Bucky closed his eyes and pushed the thought away. He really didn’t like this. He had no idea how to deal with any of the images and feelings he was being bombarded with. He couldn’t remember feeling anything like it before. That made it an unknown factor in his basic operations, and he knew to treat everything unknown as a threat to his survival. It was standard protocol until further analysis could be performed. It was already effecting his ability to function within normal parameters.
The hiss of the locks disengaging was followed by the door sliding open. As he entered the room, lights turned on automatically, or maybe it was JARVIS, revealing the state of the art workshop that Stark had practically lived in.
A little over an hour later, Tony was laying on their couch with his head resting in Steve’s lap. The blonde’s gentle, slender fingers were running soothing strokes through his hair. After several minutes Steve broke the silence.
Abrams stared at him for several moments, different emotions playing across his face. Tony had won, and he could see the frustration and resentment in the doctor’s eyes that confirmed this. Eventually, Abrams said, “I’ll get someone in here to begin the removal of your casts. I’ll also notify the nurse to get your discharge paperwork ready, as well as our legal department to draw up a notice of contract termination. Mr. Stark, you are free to go, but it is against medical advisement.”
It could tell him to stop maintenance, and Stark would not be angry. It found that hard to understand. But Stark said this was alright maintenance. Alright maintenance was only performed if it allowed. Then it understood. Alright was giving it a choice. Alright was without pain, fear and confusion, and it could choose.
Bucky looked at the ceiling, probably noticing the distinct lack of flickering, then back at Tony. “You did all that in two hours?”
Tony answered after sipping his water. “It’s like how we eat at home. Each of us sharing the same food. It lets us order a variety so we can try different things.”
Now, the only sounds in the room were their two heartbeats and their breathing. Bucky’s was still labored and raw. Steve’s was steadier beside him.
His own voice kept echoing those same sentences through his mind, and Bucky most certainly tried to push them away. It was too much and too foreign, and he was too damaged to handle this. Far too damaged for too long, and it scared the hell out of him. He’d just become a person, a shitty one at that, but he was finally becoming a person. He didn’t know if he could be Bucky,
Steve took the empty glass and set it on the dresser as Tony relaxed against his pillow. The two younger men stripped down to their undershirts and boxers and climbed in next to him, one on each side.
Bucky almost felt small next to him as he tried to move closer, breathing in the familiar scent of Steve, his Stevie, his best friend. How could he have forgotten? How could he let them take this from him? He should have fought harder. He should have remembered. He should have…
“No, the way he was speaking to you wasn’t funny at all.” Tony agreed seriously. “But you have to admit watching him want to pull out the little hair he has left was very funny. I’m ready to pay you to keep doing it, not for the shows but for every rehearsal in the future.”
He tried to subtly look over at Steve and noticed his pencil wasn’t moving anymore and his breathing was a little fast. Tony realized his was too.
As he looked across at his men circling the clearing, he promised himself that they would make it back. It couldn’t be that much further, could it? He just needed to know which direction to go. They’d make it back and get a well-earned rest. Hopefully, they’d get to have those drinks Dum had mentioned before being sent back out to fight. He knew that if they survived this and found safety, the war wouldn’t wait long before it called them to return.
Bucky hastily turned over to his back and shoved a pillow under his tailbone. He was panting and his hands gripped at the sheet beneath them, trying to be good and wait. Tony decided to reward him.
As if on auto pilot, Bucky’s feet carried him to the table he always sat beside as Stark worked on his arm. The specialized tool kit Stark (
Steve climbed in and laid beside Bucky, who latched himself to Steve’s side as quickly as he could, his metal left arm resting on top of Steve’s chest. He felt the muscles in Bucky’s body relax as soon as Steve curled an arm around him.
Erskine looked at him knowingly. “Destiny can indeed be very powerful, Tony, but so can love. From what I’ve learned, it is a power that can’t be controlled, a force that can’t be stopped if it is real. Another power that is far more fragile and easily broken, but just as powerful, is hope. Do not give up one of your sources of power, Tony. Sometimes hope is all that saves us. Keep it close to you next to the love in your heart. Use it like armor. Make it your weapon.”
“We usually push the beds together and share body heat.” He answered, flushed with nerves and waiting for Tony’s reaction.
“Oui, merci,” the man named Jacques added sincerely. “J’ai bien cru que j’allais mourir dans cet endroit atroce.”
They just continued to look at him. So many emotions flitting over their faces that he had a hard time reading them all. He was starting to get worried when they finally crossed the room and came into the kitchen. They looked at the pancakes on the table then at the pots Tony was tending to on the stove.
An hour or so later, the bedroom door opened, and he watched as the two came into the living room only to freeze in surprise at the sight of the decorations and tree.
“Because I know Abraham Erskine, and I know he was there that night.” Tony answered, surprising Steve even more.
“Stop, stop, stop!” The angry production manager yelled. “Jesus H. Christ, Rogers, it’s just a few lines!”
“Unhh, you take me so well,” he groaned as he looked down to see himself fucking into his younger lover, “and you still want more.”
It was clean, though. The floor looked to have been swept recently, and the sink was empty of dishes.  Steve was crossing to the tiny kitchen. He grabbed two glasses that had been drying on a towel and filled them with water from the tap. Tony mentally cringed, but kept his face polite and reserved.
Anyways, Tony had money, not anything like what he used to have, but it was more than enough in this day and age. He knew Steve would be in meetings almost all day from the time they landed. He also knew they would all have to stay somewhere. Tony looked at the other soldiers, the future Commandos, and his future teammates. They were important to Bucky, and he suspected they were already important Steve, too. Hell, they were already kind of important to Tony. He’d just met them, but he could already see how well they could all get along and work together.
Bucky’s smile was small as he looked at his friend. He really liked the guy. Dugan was one of the only good things about this place, but he was too tired and worried over his lovers to fully enjoy the joke tonight. “As if any other fella could compare to me, Dum-Dum.”
Both his boys laughed at this, and the mood lightened which was good because Gianetta appeared then with their food.
The next day truly showed the impact of the attack on Pearl Harbor. People were talking about it everywhere. On the streets and at their jobs, people gathered and spoke out in anger and frustration with what had happened. Nothing had officially been declared, but the people of this country had made up their minds.
“Get in the tub, sweetie, and lie back against Steve.” He said as he continued stripping his clothes.
Oh yeah, you probably noticed but his chapter beat out the last one in length. I guess my muse just had a lot to say.
Bucky actually laughed at that, and Steve was relieved that he was allowing himself this and trying to put the events of the night behind him. “It would be hard for it to be worse than that. How many times did I try to kill you?”
As the man turned back to look Steve in the eyes, he felt like he was hallucinating. There was respect there, and pride. The man turned and asked Agent Carter about faith as he walked away, but she was still looking at Steve like she had missed something.
Steve nodded and looked like he was trying to stifle more laughter. “He’s asked her out at least a dozen times, and she’s never given him the time of day.”
Phillips stared at him for several long moments and sighed, “You really are one crazy bastard, Stark. Fine, if the Captain agrees, I’ll assign you to the team as a weapons tech specialist or whatnot, and since he saw fit to bring you along on his little trip yesterday, I’m sure he will agree. We’ll get your gear sorted out in London.”
him suffer that loss, no matter the count of years. The curse will break with the severing of the bond and not a moment before it.”
They walked into the apartment. Both of them quiet because the walls were thin, and they didn’t want to wake the neighbors. Tony was headed to his couch and Steve to the bathroom when they heard a woman moan. It was followed by a man’s voice murmuring words too low to hear. Both their heads whipped around to look at the bedroom door.
“I don’t remember much about him either,” Sam added. “I just know he was a Commando with Cap and Bucky.”
So that happened. Firstly, the smut. I did my best. I tried to stay true to the dynamic. It's a fun challenge I set for myself making them all so different, haha. Oh, well, at least the plot is decent. Also, no, Tony did not enter physiological subspace. That is usually brought on by more pain than he experienced. I also didn't think it would be very realistic if he were brought into subspace one day after saying he'd never experienced it during his first scene with Steve being dominant. He did toe the line with physchological subspace, but as we saw, Steve was monitoring him closely and prevented him from fully going under. Which is the safe thing to do because Steve and Bucky are still new to this. Be safe kids!
would like, but maybe they could try it later sometime if it felt right. Possibly. Who knows? Maybe Tony did, he seemed to know a lot about this kind of stuff. They’d talk about it.
“Then, I’ll go to the hospital and make sure everything there is working right.” Tony said as he checked the heated pan in front of him. “I went yesterday and fixed a couple minor things, but I’m supposed to look in regularly.”
Joe seemed pretty cocky considering the last time they’d met in an alley. Of course, he had backup and wouldn’t be taken by surprise this time. Tony really didn’t give a fuck. He was so tired and frustrated, and he really wanted to beat the shit out of something. He felt his mouth curve up in a smile that felt almost shark-like, and he calmly walked into the alley.
“Jealous, Williams?” Bucky drawled because as much as he hated it, he needed everyone to think he was the free living ladies’ man he’d spent years pretending to be. “Don’t be mad ‘cause you gotta pay for it.”
Tony’s shocked cry as he came was cut off by Steve’s lips as buried himself as deep as he could and released into his lover’s body. If the first orgasm had been intense, it was nothing compared to the explosion of pleasure that seemed to radiate through him. For the first time in two days, he actually felt weak as he all but collapsed on top of Tony.
Steve could see that Tony wasn’t having it. “Good, then you won’t mind if I check.” Steve and the men around them watched as Tony bent Bucky’s head to the side and studied his neck before grabbing the sleeves of his shirt and rolling them up. “Are you fucking kidding me? There are marks all over you. Those fuckers aren’t dead enough.”
Tony leaned back, quite happy with how the discussion had gone and equally aroused at the thought of doing some of the things they’d discussed. Fuck, just the thought of holding Steve down and fucking into him with abandon did things to Tony that made his pants a little too tight at the moment.
Not long after they were all getting settled into the joined beds with Steve in the middle. All three of them in their sleep pants and shirts. Several blankets piled over them. Tony scooted closer to Steve, and when he didn’t object, he closed the remaining distance between them, their sides flush against each other. Bucky did the same on Steve’s other side.
Bucky waited, tensed and ready, as the minutes passed by, but no one made a move to come near him. Slowly, Bucky began to register the details of the room he was in. It was really beautiful and warm and dimly lit with a soft light that filtered from the corner on the opposite side of the space. Then, he recognized the identity of the other person in the room with him, and Bucky felt himself deflate as the knife dropped to the floor and he sobbed, “Steve.”
“Don’t you dare, Steve.” Tony grumbled with his eyes barely open as he watched Steve’s face. “Don’t you dare freak out and say, ‘I knew this would happen’ or something ridiculous like that. I enjoyed every second of it. The words deliciously sore come to mind.”
It was a little after five in the evening when he finally returned home. As he walked through the door, the smell of something familiar and wonderful hit his nose. It couldn’t be.
“I thought you liked being in control?” Bucky looked a little hurt. “I thought you enjoyed what we have?”
Tony stood before the door of Steve’s room. He’d gotten one for himself two floors down for the sake of propriety. He didn’t know who might show up at Steve’s room in the early morning now that Steve had a rehearsal schedule and people from the USO to manage him. He’d heard the senator say they would want Steve to start as soon as possible. Tony lifted his hand and knocked.
Then, the man whose entire demeanor just screamed slimy politician approached Steve and preyed on his desire to serve his country. Tony watched as the idea behind the name of Captain America was born. Tony had done it. Everything was on schedule. This should feel like a win, instead, he just wanted to punch something.
Pinned between his enemy and the wall was not a good place to be. Joe landed a right hook to his face, and he felt his lip split open. As the arm retracted to land another blow, Tony went on autopilot. He headbutted the man to get him to back off a little and allow Tony more space to move.
The now familiar screech of the metal door made Bucky and the men around him shudder as they clumsily jumped to their feet. This was the worst thing about being here. The fear and helplessness this moment inspired was worse than everything else combined. It was also a sick sense of irony. Bucky had noticed that the ones taken were the healthiest or strongest. Not that it meant much in this place.
They chuckled as Tony began to carve. It wasn’t so bad. Though he did silently wish for one of those electric carving knives to speed the process along.
“Of course I’ve heard of him.” Tony admitted. Pretending otherwise would have been beyond foolish with the smart man questioning him. “It’s kind of hard to have not heard of him. He’s rich, famous and brilliant. Not to mention we share the same last name.”
Tony quickly stepped inside and closed the door behind him. “Hey, beautiful, I’m glad to see you smiling.”
I also would like to say that moving forward, any actions taken during all future sexual scenes between them were discussed beforehand by our boys. If it wasn't specifically mentioned in their discussion, it was implied that they would have covered the subject as they continued talking at the end of the chapter. Everything is safe, sane and consensual. All words used (mild slut shaming) was discussed and requested by the specific person. Enjoy.
Steve continued, “War was declared, and Tony more or less broke down over the strain of knowing what was going to happen and not being able to do anything about it.” Steve’s voice cracked. “He was so worried, in so much pain.”
It had the dank feel of a basement. The walls and floor were two different kinds of brick and was lit by an eerie greenish light. Down the way from them, a small man emerged from one of the green-lit rooms carrying a briefcase and coat. As soon as he saw them, the man took off running, and they immediately gave chase. As they passed the room the man had come from, Steve stopped.
Tony continued to walk, but as he passed another alleyway, he heard a crash and rough voices. He stopped, wondering at the commotion. It had sounded like something crashing into metal. Curiosity being one of his predominant traits, Tony’s auto-drive kicked in. He went into the alley to investigate.
Fuck the shower, Steve thought as he felt a tear threaten to slide down his cheek. “Of course, Love,” he answered and held open his arms.
Steve’s face closed up. “I don’t really have many, and the one’s I get are friends of the gals Bucky’s going with. They usually don’t end the evening with me.”
As they both nodded, he continued, “It’s about the same reason. I’m officially a consultant to a special branch of the army that is led by that colonel. They just want to be able to use my brain if they ever need to.” He tried to say the words casually like it was probably never going to happen, and they shouldn’t worry.
Bucky closed his eyes and promised himself that he would do better before he slowly began to drift off to sleep.
The three of them traded comments on the other couples for a little while until Louise said she was going to powder her nose.
of the hospital. In some weird way, it comforted him to feel every ache and pain as he moved and see the bruising that covered a lot of his skin, including his face. It at least proved that he was still somewhat human as well as demonstrated that yes, he was injured, but not as injured as the doctors had believed. He would be more than happy to rest at home with Steve.
“We know that wherever Stark is,” Natasha said as she bent to pick up Tony’s cell phone, “he didn’t go there willingly. He’d never just misplace his phone. This thing’s like a piece of his arm.”
“The day I got hurt.” Tony’s hand moved to his stomach. “I’m sorry. I came home early to surprise the two of you with an early dinner. I, uh, I heard you in the bedroom.”
Tony paused in his steps up the flight of stairs that led to their apartment. Fuck, he’d been so eager for the job that he didn’t actually know how much he was now getting paid.
Before Tony knew it, a year had come and gone for him in this century. A few months later, he recreated their first Christmas. Only this time they had all decorated the apartment weeks in advance, and Tony had hung mistletoe at several places in their home. Yeah, he was officially a sap. He just liked their kisses, OK?
“Yeah, overwhelming.” Bucky said flatly. “I think that covered it when we both did a face plant in Strange’s entryway. How do you fix it?”
“That’s why they deserve it.” Michael said simply. “Those two don’t have a bad spot in em’. It’s good to know someone’s lookin’ out for them. Merry Christmas, Tony.”
Morita just about choked. “Yeah, sorry but there’s no way we’re holding the money for that kind of lodging. Most of our service pay goes home to our families. We keep what we need to get by, and we could be here for a while. We’ll end up back on the base once our money runs out.”
his lap. He just shook his head. “It’s fine, Steve,” He murmured as he gently grabbed Steve’s hands to stop the distracting rubbing they were doing. “Just a little sore.”
Tony’s laugh was cut off by artillery exploding in the air around them. “Crap, I believe this is what they call surface to air fire, Steve!” He said as they both jumped up and moved to the door of the plane. “It’s going to be a rough ride down!”
“Planning it?” Tony asked a little breathlessly. Based on their talk last night, Tony’s list of possibilities grew smaller as the thought registered that Steve had planned something. It certainly took a great deal of control from Tony if that was the case.
Tony turned back to Bucky, and he felt his heart start to beat faster. Why was this still so difficult? Why couldn’t he just ask what he wanted to know without it making him want to punch something in frustration and shame?
“Speaking of,” Steve said looking over to Bucky. “We had hoped to talk about some things, about us. How this all is gonna work and stuff.”
“Holy shit!” Clint voice rang out. Bucky looked over in surprise and embarrassment. He’d completely forgotten the others were here. “Are you two and Stark? I mean were you in the past? Was this a thing?”
Steve groaned loudly. His ass squeezed around Tony as he came untouched. His release landing on Tony’s chest and chin as he ground down on Tony’s dick. Tony felt a rush of relief as he followed Steve in his own orgasm. Fuck , it was so good. Waves of endorphins and pleasure poured through his body, and he was barely able to register Steve’s still spasming hole around him as he drifted on the high before he began to come down.
“I’m not going anywhere,” he began before pausing. Uncertainty crept into his voice. “Unless you want me to? I mean, I don’t want to cause either of you trouble, and if you think it’s not a good idea…that it’s causing rumors.”
“You’ve rebuilt what seems like half of the apartment,” Bucky said, “and I know you’ve been collecting parts for somethin' else.”
Steve went over to the large gift and tentatively pulled the sheet off. “Tony, is that? It looks like a…”
A blush tinted Bucky’s cheeks, but he didn’t look away. “Is that why you didn’t deck me one just now?” He asked defensively. “ Because you already knew I was a
“My sweet boy, asking so nicely.” Tony ground out as his hand fully closed around him and his hips began to lose their rhythm. Fuck, he was close, but he kept talking, trying to bring Bucky over the edge. “Be a good boy. Come in my hand, sweetheart.”
“You don’t say,” Bucky said dryly before shaking his head. “Looking back, I used to think Tony was crazy for indulging you, but now I know that he just knew better than to argue. I don’t think I ever learned how to do that.”
“That’s not reassuring,” Tony murmured. “You need to go rest, take it easy, at least until tomorrow. Drink some water and have something for the pain.”
“I thought you were smaller,” he said in shock before looking at Tony who thankfully looked the same. He didn’t know if he could trust his own eyes at this point.
Steve pinched the bridge of his nose. “I am not having this conversation again. I’m ninety-six years old. I will not argue Harry Potter with you.”
“Thank you,” Tony said, taking it from him. “The usual. There’s a married couple three blocks over who have lighting problems in the old home their trying to fix up. The diner down the block is having trouble with their refrigeration unit. I need to check in with the butcher that the freezer upgrade I did for him is working the way he wants because he said he might want me to do the same to his other one.”
Tony made himself stop laughing. It really wasn’t that funny, but the built up nerves Tony had experienced for the past several days over this meeting had to escape somehow. “I can’t believe he tried that shit.” Tony said before taking a calm, settling breath. “I’d almost forgotten what a subtle dick that man could be.”
“You don’t have to come, Tony,” Steve told him quietly as he tightened the straps more firmly for the blonde. “This is dangerous enough without risking yourself. I promise to bring him back if he’s there.”
The plane shook a little, and Bucky cursed a blue streak, finally ending with, “Are you fuckin’ kidding me?”
Steve’s other hand came up to cradle the other side of Bucky’s face, cupping him between his palms like a precious gift. He looked into artic eyes that were swimming in tears.
He tossed the towels in the hamper before he scooted Tony further onto the bed and arranged the pillows for all of them rest on. He pulled the covers over the three of them, and Tony was cocooned between both of his boys once again.
Howard studied Tony for a long moment before taking another pull at his bottle and continuing. “Last night was when I realized what kind of man you are.”
“I…what?” Bucky asked, not exactly proud to have been caught not paying attention to what was going on around him. He was trained to be better than that.
Bucky huffed and moved to make the coffee in the contraption Tony had cobbled together on the bones of their old press, because of course Tony built himself a better coffee maker. Bucky looked back at Tony poking at a pancake and realized he had never seen Tony so happy and awake before his coffee in the morning.
Bucky nodded. He liked the thought that he was choosing to submit, and it wasn’t because there was something wrong with him.
That thought was like a slap in Tony’s face. He couldn’t remember exactly when he’d last called Bucky anything but his name. And his sweet boy was right, up until a week ago he would have been the one to pull Bucky to the center of the living area and dance to all of their favorite tunes as they played. For the last several days, Bucky had been trying to get his attention, and Tony had been so frugal with it.
“I know he was a good man,” Bucky said. “But I think you made him realize that he needed to prove it to you.”
On the stage Steve tried his lines again. “Not all of us can storm a beach or drive a tank, but there’s still a way all of us can try, I mean, fight!”
Tony’s chest felt light in the wake of the recent concern for Bucky. They loved him back. He made them
Tony looked up, and Bucky was surprised to see that he looked scared. “It was too much, wasn’t it?” Tony asked, slightly panicked. “I pushed too far. I knew I should have slowed things down. We should have taken the time to discuss things more, and I was too controlling,” Tony was working himself up.
Steve has a plan! And both boys have finally realized their feelings for Tony, it just took them almost losing him for it to happen. Oh, and I only told half the truth. There were both the boys POVs. Forgive me?
“Nothing too special,” Tony told him. “I was asked to fix an ice generator for a fabrication and distribution plant a few blocks from here.”
Before Steve knew what he was doing, he’d wrapped his arms around Tony’s shoulders and held him close. An urge to protect roared inside him as he gently rubbed Tony’s back.
“Yeah, but the count is four instead of three.” Bucky nodded as he released Tony’s hand and shoulder. “Now, you’re always gonna start with the left foot,” he tapped Tony’s foot with his own to get his attention. “The man takes two slow steps forward, left then right, before stepping to the side, again with the left foot, and closing the step by bringing the right foot next to it. These last two steps are quick. Now watch.”
Bucky knew she was thinking about how Tony had managed to fool her, at least to some degree on how he only cared about himself. It’s not an easy thing to get something past the Black Widow, but he had. After Tony’s trip to the past, Bucky now knew first-hand how well he could hide behind a mask and play the part that was expected of him. Just as he knew what it looked like when the mask slipped, and Tony was laid bare for all to see. The genius covered a lot of pain behind his smile.
Tony couldn’t tell him that in a month Steve would be accepted into the army, and that not long after that, he’d received a serum that would ensure he’d never be ill again. He wanted to, but he couldn’t. So Tony just said, “The benefits were nice, but they aren’t needed. I’m making good money now, and so are you, and so is Bucky. Our rent has been reduced by half of what it was. Plus I’ve got my consulting job on top of everything. This is actually a good thing. I was running myself a little ragged with all the jobs I was juggling. Now, I’ll have some more time to spend on you and Bucky when he comes home.”
No, Bucky worried because he knew Steve was probably still planning and trying to enlist. He was the most stubborn bastard Bucky had ever met, and while Bucky usually loved that about him, it terrified him now. He didn’t want this for Steve. As much as Steve hated to hear it, he wasn’t made for this. It would kill him. Hell, the running alone could kill him.
Now Tony was lying in his bed and healing from a knife wound. God, if they’d only looked for him sooner. They could have lost him, and Steve couldn’t even be properly mad at Tony. He’d be a hypocrite. How many times had Steve gotten into a fight to protect someone else? To stand up to a bully or some jerk who wanted to throw their weight around?
Tony, of course, just patiently waited and let him gather his courage and his thoughts, but he already knew what he most desperately wanted to ask.
“Bobby Gallagher was stationed there,” Bucky said quietly in shock as he wiped at his eyes. “I knew him. He was always a decent guy. I knew him, and he’s probably dead, killed in a sneak attack.”
“We didn’t know what to do,” Steve continued, “He just took our silence as being guilty before he spat at us and called us faggots. As he was walking away, he turned and said, “One way or another, you’ll be leaving.”
It didn’t know what was alright. Why did they keep asking it that? Alright had never been part of maintenance or missions. It couldn’t tell them to alright the arm for the maintenance needed. It tried to comply, but it didn’t know how. What was alright? There was functional and malfunctioning. There was success or failure. There was punishment or lack of pain. It had no frame of reference for it being alright.
“Good, then we need to move out. The lights from the vehicles are gonna make us easy targets for anyone flyin’ above us. If the Germans send a plane to scout, we need to be gone,” Steve said, and all of them nodded and began to follow him as he made his way to the head of the convoy.
That sounded really nice to him, like it wasn’t something they had to be ready to take apart. This was made to fit them. Steve put the bags down and went to the door that must have led to the washroom. Tony looked in his eyes as he lifted his hands and began undoing the buttons of Bucky’s shirt.
Bucky leaned forward to grab each of Tony’s thighs, keeping him open and completely under Steve’s control. He then positioned himself back to enter Tony’s mouth again. He sighed when Tony opened for him and sank back down his throat. “So good, daddy.”
“Of course,” Erskine said as they arrived at the car. “They will be physically perfect in terms of health.” Tony could see the gears moving in the doctors mind.
As the big band music began to play, Bucky closed his eyes and breathed in the smell of his partner. This was one of their songs. They’d danced countless times to it together in their old, tiny apartment. Tony would softly sing the words in his ear as he held him closely, and now, Bucky knew it for what it was. Tony was making him a promise. Bucky’s eyes grew wet even as he smiled softly. Tony always kept his promises.
Another moan had Tony struggling to remember what he’d been about to write as his dick twitched in interest. Fuck. The last thing he needed was to catch wood while listening to Bucky screw some girl when Steve was sitting next to him. He shifted a little, thinking of dead puppies and Justin Hammer and the Hulk’s naked ass he’d seen that one time.
“I know, Mr. Jacobson. I’m sorry.” It was so plain to see how uncomfortable Steve was, but it seemed as though the other man couldn’t be bothered by that. “I’m just not used to this. Being on stage and speakin’ in front of people, it’s kinda new for me.”
Bucky shrugged, looking at his juice. “No dizziness. The headache is mild and easy to ignore. I’m functioning properly…I feel alright, I guess.”
Tony watched as Steve ran his fingers along Bucky’s jaw, prompting him to open his mouth. He moved the hand back up to grab Bucky’s hair, holding him in place. Leaning his hips forward, he slid the tip of his dick past Bucky’s lips, sighing as he moved steadily forward.
“I figured once we’d found you, you’d need a decent meal,” Tony told him. “Especially since I know you’re probably planning to march with the other guys.”
As he was eating his oatmeal with apple and sugar, Steve entered the kitchen. Instead of taking his usual seat on Tony’s left, he sat himself down on Tony’s lap. Tony’s hand paused on his way to his mouth. He put the spoon back into the bowl as he turned to look at his lover. “Whatcha doin’ Steve?”
Steve took the tray looking worried, along with the others, Tony noted. “Tony, you don’t need to go alone…”
The men nodded but still waited, then Steve remembered, “Dismissed.” That was apparently what was needed because the men broke away to begin following his orders. He wondered why they automatically all deferred to him. There had to be other officers here, right? Steve noticed that the men that had been closest, the ones who’d spoken to Bucky or himself, seemed the most determined to do their job well and quickly. He looked back down to Bucky who was trying to get to his feet. “You need to rest, Buck.”
And like they would have in the middle of a battle, everyone moved to follow his orders, taking their places and doing as instructed. Steve felt touched at the simple gesture.
He needed them so badly. He wanted to keep them here with him forever and just forget about everything and everyone because nothing mattered except this, looking down at their sweaty bodies, feeling them under him, around him. They were all he needed.
The only things he still had besides his underwear, undershirt and socks were his sunglasses and watch. The technology inside them had to be kept hidden. Tony had watched enough Star Trek to know that you didn’t screw around with time and change history. Yeah, Tony was stuck in the past, but he didn’t have to be a dick and ruin the future.
do the work. Bucky knew he was among the top of the trainees here. He would work even harder to make it to the very top. He'd try with everything he had. When Bucky shipped out with the rest of them, he would be leaving with the rank of sergeant. He wouldn’t settle for anything less.
However, when Steve had come out of his bathroom, pink skinned and nearly naked, it had sent a lot of confusing feelings through him, and Bucky had almost lost his nerve to be there at the sight of it. But he’d assigned himself a mission, he wasn’t going to let that get sabotaged by his damaged brain and the weird thoughts he was having. Putting his discomfort aside had been worth it because his mission was a success. He’d done it. He’d gotten Steve to talk to him.
When Tony had finally returned to the secret base in Brooklyn, he’d been a little surprised at the welcome he received. He knew many of the soldiers stationed there, if not well at least casually. From the first time he’d gone there, Tony had tried to be friendly and helpful to everyone, except Howard, as a way to make himself indispensable. They all greeted him with smiles, saying they were glad he had recovered and was back.
Bucky wasn’t an idiot. He knew Tony was stressed, even this far away. He could tell by the little clues in every letter he’d gotten. He was just thankful Steve was there watching out for him. He was also thankful that Tony was there watching out for Steve. Bucky knew Tony would go after anyone stupid enough to mess with Steve. God knows that little punk was a magnet for trouble, but it wasn’t just the fights he always found himself in that worried Bucky.
The man’s knowing eyes never faltered, but his face relaxed into a more natural smile as he clasped Tony’s hand and replied, “Abraham, formerly from Augsburg, Bavaria in Germany. Now I live just up that street.” He motioned with his head to the direction of Utopia Parkway.
As he ate his food, Tony saw the others agree on that. He could see that Steve had already won their respect and loyalty, and it didn’t surprise him. Steve did that to people who were smart enough to give him the chance. Tony wished he’d been that smart when he’d first met Steve. Tony’s arrogance and dismissal at their first meeting still shamed him.
“Fine, you little brat,” Tony huffed before looking at Bucky. “Barnes, you’re my new favorite. You get the extra cookie from now on.”
“You deserve so much better,” Bucky told him through silent tears. “I can’t be him. I tried, and all it did was cause this. I can’t even pretend to be him without being reminded of what I am. I hate this. I don’t want to be this way, and when we get Tony back, he’ll…” Bucky choked, “He won’t even recognize me. What if he doesn’t love me anymore? You’ll have to choose, and why would you choose me over him? I’m so fucking broken.”
He knew Bucky wasn’t dealing with this. He knew his friend was pushing back against everything that Steve was letting flood through him, and he understood why Bucky felt the need for it. He couldn’t help but feel hurt, though. It was just another way that this Bucky was keeping him at arms-length.
The others had been fascinated as they’d been questioning them relentlessly over every detail, and it was wearing on Bucky even if Steve was doing most of the talking. He was just thinking of leaving the room when, suddenly, the others seemed to sway where they stood. Clint had held the side of his head while Sam squeezed his eyes tight and pinched the space between his eyes, as if he was dizzy.
“Always yours,” Steve moaned as Bucky pushed him further down on his dick. “You take…good care of us.”
“Feel free to time me,” he yelled before he took off up the rope, pulling his body ever higher with only his arms. His muscles feeling the burn as he pushed himself through it. When he got to the top, he swung and caught the next rope. He didn’t want to lose his momentum so he swung again immediately, catching the next in line, then did the same for the one after that and so on until he reached the end. He felt the rush of accomplishment with a hint of smugness as he lowered himself to the ground.
Steve and Bucky followed before stopping between him and the tree, both looking like they weren’t really sure what to do now.
Steve shuddered upon giving his confession, and he felt Bucky press closer to his side, keeping him together. Steve could barely see through his tears. “Everyone was right, Bucky. I‘m weak. It turns out that it had nothing to do with my body, and inside I’m still the weak and useless person they’d all said I was.”
“Er,” this was awkward, Tony thought. “I don’t really have a place yet,” Tony hedged. “I was looking into it when I heard the fight in the alley. Then I walked Steve home in case those assholes were still around. I guess I should really go before it gets too late to find something.”
“Welcome home, sweetheart,” Tony whispered as he wished he could kiss and embrace Bucky like the other couples around them were doing. It had been months since they’d seen each other, and this restriction left their reunion feeling bittersweet.
“I would be honored to dance with you, but you really don’t want someone like me. I’m a little behind on the newer dances.”
All throughout the day, there was only one topic of discussion: War. Tony cursed the stupidity of the Japanese military. If there was one way to get the United States to put aside their reluctance at being dragged into another world wide conflict, it was to brazenly attack them when they were enjoying their time of peace and prove that they weren’t safe.
He waited for Bucky to obey before he looked at Steve. “I want to watch him suck your dick. He sounded amazing at it.”
“Would you like that?” Tony continued, knowing now how much Bucky loved to be talked dirty to during sex. “Steve could fuck you while you fuck me? Fuck me through you?”
“A person is not owed anything when they do the right thing. They should do the right thing because it’s right.”
Tony worked hard not to let that simple statement cause a reaction. He was being ridiculous. He knew that. Bucky was just leaving for basic training not the war, not yet. He must have done a decent enough job hiding his reaction because neither of the boys seemed to notice.
Steve chuckled. “I’ll make your pie, but only if you promise never to tell me about last night’s dream.”
“You’re better off,” he repeated firmly. “Women like that aren’t worth the paper they stuff in their bras. Trust me.”
“Boys?” He called as he removed his jacket and boots, still wondering if his nose was playing tricks on him.
They didn’t need to use knives or their fists when that drug hurt just as badly as anything he’d imagined, but they’d never asked one question. Eventually, he realized that this wasn’t torture, it was experimentation. He was a lab rat. Through the worst of the pain, he would try to recite his service number. Not because they’d asked, but because it gave him something else to focus on when he wasn’t screaming.
Tony wished this sexually repressed place had actual lube that was accessible to everyone, but knew this would have to do. He looked back at Bucky as he laid between the younger man’s legs and rubbed his thigh. “Show me what that mouth of yours can do.”
So Steve released Bucky from his arms before grabbing his hand and slowly moving them to the huge bed against the far wall. Bucky laid down and turned to look at Steve, waiting for him to join.
“I’ve been coming to the realization that I probably won’t be able to change anything.” Tony admitted quietly. “I shouldn’t be here, but I have been for over two years. My presence, realistically, should have created certain changes, however small, that would have effected certain things, but everything is still happening just the same. It’s only the details that are different. They’ll still go to war, and they’ll still…”
“It’s a useful skill to have though,” Phillips said speculatively. “It’s obvious your field is engineering. That doesn’t explain how you knew how to parachute out of a plane into enemy territory during heavy fire, keep up with an enhanced person, help infiltrate a facility and casually field strip a technologically advanced weapon while everyone rested. Yes, I heard about that, too. One of the officers said he was very impressed with how you handled it. Were you in the army?”
And Tony was their slut. He was everything they’d need him to be. He loved them so much. So, so much, and this felt so good. He could feel his body tingling from his scalp to the tips of his fingers and toes, even his lips.
He had no time to recover before Steve did it again, and again. Tony’s arms fell to the mattress, his hands gripping the sheets as Steve started a punishing pace.
Tony kept his mouth closed tight as he carefully thought over his answer. This was important, and he couldn’t afford to say something stupid like “Who do you want me to be?” He thought about what he really wanted to get from this and what the best answer was for him to get it. Decision finally made, he spoke, “You know who I am. I’m intelligent and a hard worker who’s good at building things and likes to invent in my spare time. You know I hate this war, and I want to help.”
When he’d come into Steve’s room and heard the shower running, he’d decided to just wait until the blonde was finished. What he hadn’t expected was for Steve to walk out wearing nothing but a towel. He should have. What else was Steve supposed to wear after his shower? But it had still caught him by surprise. Steve was so big.
Tony looked out at the tables when the song changed, he saw Steve sitting alone. “Do you mind if we sit this one out?” He found himself asking. “I need to catch my breath. Heart condition,” he explained.
They carried the washing machine he’d finally finished that week up four flights of stairs. It was a Christmas miracle that they were able to bring it in and set it down without waking the two men sleeping in the other room. Tony walked Michael down to his apartment to get the final surprise.
She was in front of him now and smirking as she looked into his eyes. Was she being playful? “You’re late.” She said, and yes, she was trying to be playful.
“No!” Both men said together. Steve’s words rushed out, “I didn’t mean it like that! Of course you’re welcome here, I just didn’t think you’d want to stay because of what he said. You heard them the day we met. And the same thing today, most people wouldn’t… I mean I’m
She had been pretty. Her hair was almost the same shade as his, but their eyes were exactly the same. He had his mother’s eyes. Bucky realized that he kind of liked that thought as he resumed walking.
“Good,” Bucky said after a while. “let’s see if we can add a few fancier movements. Dames like that, when you pause to bend ‘em backwards a little then snap them back. Spin them out and twirl ‘em back against you. Use your foot to slide theirs out and around in place of the side step.”
Williams just laughed. “Typical hot-headed Paddy. At least you’re not drunk.” With that, he turned and made his way down to his bunk at the far end of the barracks.
Bucky understood, really he did. Last night had been intense, and he now realized that it could go even further. What Tony was suggesting was a whole lot more than he’d ever experienced. Pain becoming pleasure? Floating?
Bucky answered this time. “You start by lettin’ us help you. Because we want to. And trust us to stay and take care of you.”
“His name’s Tony, Buck,” Steve answered for him and grudgingly added. “and he probably stopped them from putting me in the hospital.”
He would just talk to Bucky as he worked on the wires and gears, applying a special fluid to improve the arms mobility. He mostly just rambled, and at first, it had confused Bucky to no end, making him anxious. Maintenance didn’t require that much talking. His handlers and the scientists never talked to him, except for orders. He didn’t understand the need for it.
It was so much harder than before. The memories had long since begun sliding into place and this new batch of them only served to add to the pressure pushing back against his efforts. He tried harder, feeling the steel table bend in his tight grip. He couldn’t do this. He was too damaged, too scared, too…
Steve’s everything hurt. Everything. He could barely move as he laid on his bunk in the barracks where he stayed with the other soldiers who were also candidates for whatever project Erskine and Tony were working on. Steve also heard that Howard Stark himself was involved with the project.
Tony chuckled, “I was ready for you to punch me for almost kissing Steve. I’m glad you didn’t. My lip’s almost healed.” He kissed him briefly. “So no plans, is there something you want.”
“I still can’t believe that’s what you were workin’ on all this time,” Bucky told him. “Making super-people? It’s almost as crazy as Steve being the one they chose and how he looks now.”
“When,” Bucky cleared his throat from the emotions rising in him, “when did that conversation happen?”
After they had finished and cleaned up, they waited for Tony to get home, and the hours passed. It had been dark for a while, and they’d been worried so they went out to search for him. Bucky was so relieved when they’d rounded that corner and spotted Tony, only to become angry when Tony went into an alley with the four assholes who had made Steve’s life miserable for so long.
Avenue to Utopia Parkway. He was just thinking of how he’d like to treat his boys out to an evening on the town with the money he made when someone crashed into him.
No more punishments,” he pleaded desperately as he fought off the weight of whatever was holding him. “Please, I won’t malfunction again!”
Buckle up, shits about to get real. Possible trigger warnings for this chapter in the form of a panic attack. Like seriously.
“It will still be there in two hours.” He told them. He wasn’t going to rush this. He had neglected them for almost a week, and the whole time they had worried over him, been hurt by him. He was going to make up for that.
Tony saw Bucky go completely still out of the corner of his eye. Oh, so they were both worried, and Steve was the one who decided enough was enough, and it was time to call Tony out on his shit. Shocker.
“See?” Tony asked, voice ringing with validation. “Faulty x-ray images. The machine must be malfunctioning. Maybe something is wrong with the Coolidge tubes. Have you checked?”
“Excuse me,” Tony stopped a man walking past him, “Could you tell me the time? My watch seems to have stopped.” His watch hadn’t stopped. Tony had made it himself so he would have a portable gauntlet, and Tony’s tech didn’t breakdown. It still didn’t mean the watch was showing the accurate time. He’d arrived at the sanctum at nine o’clock, but the sun in the sky suggested it was much later.
“I love you so much. I’m here for you now. I’m going to take care of you. I promise, Bucky. I’m just so…” His voice broke at everything he felt, and he just wanted to keep holding Bucky and promising him that he’d do better this time. He’d never fail him again. “I can’t believe I get to hold you again. I missed you. I missed you so much.”
“After my education was completed, and I began my work at SI, I started to build and create. I also started to tear things down. I tore down doors that had been closed to me. I tore down business rivals. I pushed myself into the places that I wanted to be and proved to everyone that I had always deserved to be there. Not many people have the balls to stand in my way, much less tell me
Welcome to pre-war Brooklyn! I got to indulge my love of history with this fic. Please note that some words and phrases are going to sound odd. I did this whole thing where I researched the slang from the period I'm writing about. People spoke differently then. I did this to emphasize the culture shock that Tony would undoubtedly have to deal with. It's the same thing poor Steve would have experienced upon waking up to this century. You have to admit that some of the slang we use today is odd, but we don't think twice about it.
“No baby,” Tony told him. “I’m not leaving. At most, I may be gone for a day or two, but I will come home as soon as I can.”
“No,” Bruce said sadly, “we haven’t found anything yet, but we’re still working on it. Maybe when Thor returns from Asgard we’ll have something to move forward with.”
He pulled back slightly and kissed each of them. “This really was the best day,” he whispered. Tony could feel his exhaustion returning so he pulled away. “On that note let’s get some sleep. Steve and I will make breakfast in the morning, and we can all talk about moving forward with this.”
“Anything you’d like to share Cap?” Sam asked a bit more diplomatically than the archer. Natasha just stood there watching them with an all too knowing look.
As he snuck over to Steve’s hotel room, he hoped to find Steve in a better mood than last time. He wasn’t disappointed. Once he’d knocked, there was a noticeable absence of a crash, and Steve’s eyes were mercifully his usual brilliant blue. His smile completed the picture.
Francesco’s younger brother and his family hadn’t been able to leave Italy in time. They were trapped under a fascist dictator with the threat of war approaching from both sides. America was already in North Africa and would be fighting their way through enemy lines to the Mediterranean.
because he’d seen Steve this morning, over a hundred pounds heavier and a foot taller. But it was Steve, his face was almost exactly the same if only less full.
“He what?!” Tony asked, astounded at his friend’s nerve and loyalty. He couldn’t believe that Abraham had risked everything to keep his promise to Tony, and he’d never even told him. Had this been why the man had accepted his fate? Because he knew Tony would be there to make sure his vision was completed? Tony didn’t have words for this.
“They’re the ones who helped me.” He said as if it was obvious. Most people knew his story. A man who’d lost it all just as he’d moved into the city and was taken in out of pity by the two boys who’d had little to spare.
At first, he’d been the one to take Steve. It had seemed to make the most sense to both of them. It had taken a while before Bucky got up the courage to ask Steve to fuck him. Steve, of course, didn’t judge him. Why would he? It’s not like Bucky judged Steve for getting fucked, but for some reason it was hard for him to ask for it.
The guy had lived in Bucky’s neighborhood, and they’d known each other since school. He was part of the minority of people in Brooklyn whose family was the right shade of white, at least according to him, and wasn’t Irish, Italian or Jewish. Bucky had never liked the racist asshole. In fact, he’d once busted the guy’s mouth open for going after Steve in high school. It had done nothing to bring them closer.
is marching right here,” Tony said indignantly. “And it’s not war zones that I have a problem with. It’s
Tony scoffed, “Baby boy, if you think I’m not going to find a way to be there with you on this star-spangled tour of yours, you are out of your pretty little mind. I’m not leaving you, Steve.”
Steve loved the burn it caused and focused on the sensation. Tony was rarely gentle with him and usually fucked Steve past the point of overstimulation and/or exhaustion. “Yes, sir. Let me prove it to you.” It was the only time Steve got off on begging to prove himself worthy of something because he knew Tony would give him the chance. “Please, fuck me.”
“People have tried to kill me more times than I can count, Buck. It’s gonna take more than a knife.” Steve said as if reading his mind. “Besides, I don’t believe you could really do that to me.”
Bucky could tell by Steve’s polite conversation with her that he’d been aware of her interest. Bucky knew Tony could also see it, and his partner hadn’t looked impressed when she’d hinted at wanting to dance. Bucky had smiled and offered to dance with her to break the tension, but she’d politely brushed him off. It hadn’t bothered him because he’d rather save his dances for Tony. Then, Bucky wondered if Steve might be better at dancing now that his coordination seemed to have improved. Maybe they could find out before they went back to the war. The hotel room was huge compared to their old apartment and should have enough space for them.
He felt hands gently lift him to try and stand next to the table. His legs nearly gave out before Steve caught him, and that’s when Bucky’s mind cleared enough for him understand why Steve had looked wrong to his eyes.
Tony gasped in a breath then moaned as he felt Bucky start to poke at his entrance with the tip of his tongue. Steve’s hand came down on his outer thigh in a slap, causing him to gasp again. Bucky never even flinched, he just pushed deeper.
Suddenly from the other direction, lights appeared on the road. It looked like a supply convoy as trucks rumbled closer to their position in the tree line.
Steve blushed as he rubbed the back of his head in that cute way of his. “It was pretty fun. Especially when he halted everything to go backstage and have a drink.”
The others smiled as they resumed their positions in their cots, and Steve approached Tony. “Colonel Phillips wants to see you, Tony. Yesterday was his exact wording. He’s in the command tent.”
Bucky had never seen the look Tony now wore on his face as he choked the other man. It was pure hate. Tony’s voice had been so cold as he threatened Joe who was trying and failing to loosen Tony’s grip. Tony never budged.
Bucky had taken on a lot of responsibility from an early age and having that burden removed, especially by someone he trusted, would probably be very appealing. Bucky had always taken care of Steve. Was this how Steve took care of him?
“Bucky,” Dugan said, leaving protocol behind as he looked at him. “I know you don’t want to be thanked for this, but you’ve given us a chance. Me and all of them know it. If we make it back, it was because of you. That ain’t nothing to us. You’re doing the best you can, and we appreciate it.”
Adding more weight to his knee on Joe’s chest, he continued, “Whatever your thinking, don’t. I promise that it will not end well for you. I’m twice your age and just beat down four of you. What you may not realize is that I was holding myself back because taking your life just isn’t worth it.”
Steve frowned a little as he slowly got to his feet looking uncertain. “If you’re sure, Tony. I mean, we don’t mind if you wanted to be comfortable. You really should have a bed to sleep in, and it gets cold in here .”
Tony let out a humorless laugh as he shook his head. “Trust me. You don’t realize how much more than that you are, how unique. Before all this,” he waved his hand vaguely, “well, let’s just say I was very well off, important maybe. People didn’t care about me, though. They only cared about what I could do for them, what I could give them. I lost all that and wound up here with nothing but the clothes on my back. You both helped me when I could give nothing in return. You expected nothing, asked for nothing. You even worried that what you gave me wasn’t enough. Do you not know how rare that is? It amazes me.”
Walking along the sidewalk, he noticed the Christmas decorations in people’s windows and on store fronts. It was less than two weeks away. He’d never been big on Christmas. He’d never had reason to be. But as he thought of it now, it seemed like a great idea. Decided, he would create a great Christmas with food and presents and a tree. They had already given Tony so much, much more than they knew. He wanted to celebrate and give something back to his friends.
Bucky made a noise that sounded like a yes then began moaning around the blonde’s cock. Tony made his thrusts longer and harder, pushing Bucky just a little bit farther around Steve. Less than a minute later, Tony watched as Steve’s eyes closed and his head fell back. He grunted then let his mouth stay open in a silent cry as he came hard down Bucky’s throat. He was so beautiful like that, it nearly took Tony’s breath away.
All four of the goons spun around at the sound of his voice. Behind them Steve looked past his attackers and met Tony’s eyes. Confusion and defiance flitted across his face.
He saw the smile in Steve’s eyes and felt his lips quirk into a small grin. “I love you, too. Thank you,” he breathed. “Thank you for making me feel better, and…” He took another breath before finishing, “…for saying those things. I just…I’m so tired of being told I’m not good enough. That I’m weak and…”
So he was surprised when Bucky put a hand under his shoulder and urged him to sit up. The confusion must have shown on his face because Bucky smiled softly, his blue-grey eyes shining as he said, “You’re sleepin’ in a bed tonight. You need to rest, and this couch ain’t made for comfort.”
Steve smile was well worth the effort. That smile was beauty and comfort and transported Bucky decades into their past to times that had been forgotten, but Bucky could remember some of them now. His Stevie. His doll.
The others nodded before they began to make their way across the lobby. “I think this is the fanciest place I’ve ever been in,” Dugan muttered, and everyone, including Monty, agreed.
They sat down at the table to eat. Each of them had two sandwiches with a beer because Tony figured they could use it after the day they’d had. It took a few more reassurances over the course of the meal, but by the time they had moved on to the leftover pie from the night before, the boys seemed to be fully relaxed.
“You know you only get to come if your mouth is on me. Next time you fuck some dame all you’re gonna be able to think of is the taste of me, hot down your throat. Wishin’ it was my mouth around you or me in you. Knowin’ she’s second place at best to me. Just another quick fuck that will be gone before morning.”
Steve and Sam sat down, and everyone began piling their plates with food and murmuring their thanks to the cooks.
Steve watched Tony secure the clip and put Bucky’s hand into the rope handle, but there seemed to be a debate going on that Steve couldn’t hear properly above the noise of the destruction around them. Finally, Bucky all but shouted, “No! Not without you!” And Steve knew what the problem was. The whole place was coming down, and Bucky wouldn’t leave Tony behind. Steve couldn’t blame him. He hated being on this side without them.
The voice startled Tony from his thoughts, and fuck, this was all he needed. Joe Collins and his little gang was standing about twelve feet in front of him. A quick scan of the area showed that it was dark and the street was nearly deserted. Tony had been walking in circles far longer than he’d realized.
Howard had scoffed. “I doubt even Philips expected you back already. We heard how bad the accident was,” Howard had looked him over once more, “but apparently the reports were exaggerated.”
Steve knew that Bucky struggled with what he liked in the bedroom. It had never bothered Steve, and he was happy to do anything for the man he loved. Hell, he
Steve? That’s when the other body beside him moved, and Bucky could see Steve’s face looking down at him. His eyes were clear, and his new stronger features were somehow softened.
Bucky heard the boy’s gleeful shout of “Thanks, Mister!” as they turned and kept walking toward the cinema. Tony was so generous. Bucky wondered if the man even realized how generous he was. That paper only cost a nickel, and Tony had given the boy a twenty-cent tip. Tony always did things like that. Always tipped everyone well above what would have been expected, like he had lived most of his life doing that and didn’t think twice about it.
Bucky watched as the guys got over yet another shock, and one by one stepped forward to give their names and receive their room keys.
Bucky nodded. “He said he’ll have everythin’ set up for us so you better start getting ready, or we’re gonna be late.” He raised his eyebrows in an “I dare you
Bucky sniffed. “I think I remember the rocket ships. We colored the cardboard blue, and the streamers were silver, right?”
He tore off his own shirt and pants as he watched Steve follow his command. The young man was flushed and breathing heavily as he settled fully naked on the cushions in front of Tony once more. Tony could feel himself hardening at the sight of Steve submitting below him. The blonde’s neck was elongated as he looked back to Tony. His thighs were spread with his feet resting flat on either side of Tony’s knees, giving Tony a heart stopping view of between his legs.
Tony nodded. “Ovviamente, I can’t thank you enough my friend,” he answered as they walked through the restaurant to a curtained door in the back. “I know this was last minute.”
She just hmm’d as she stood back to look at him with her hands on her hips. What she saw, Tony couldn’t guess at. She finally huffed and said, “Please take care of yourself, you stubborn fool. Some of us actually worry about you.” He saw her eyes look over to Steve in the kitchen before returning to him. She added in a quieter voice, “Some of us more than others. Don’t make this difficult for him, Tony. He was very upset after your accident.”
At that moment Agent Carter came to sit beside them. If she had been surprised at Tony joining them on this mission, it was nothing compared to Howard’s shock when he’d seen Tony at Steve’s side when they’d boarded the plane.
Tony nodded. “Oh she was definitely a stuffer. I can spot a pair of falsies from across a room. She didn’t even do a good job. The left one was obviously bigger than the right. It looked like she’d gotten stung by a bee or something.”
“You know I’m going to worry anyway, so stop fighting me.” Tony told him. “We…we almost lost you, sweetheart,” Tony said, his voice breaking before he controlled himself. “Just please, rest while you can. Steve is talking to our gruff leader right now, and I’m fairly sure that after their discussion, they’re going to keep you both very busy. Enjoy this while you can.”
“Maybe your first opinions were wrong.” Tony said just to be difficult. His anxiety was spiking, and it was making him defensive. Hadn’t he been through enough without this happening to him?
Bucky smiled and teased. “We were waiting on you, punk. I wanted to eat, but Tony said it’d be impolite or something.”
Tony did not, however, voice any of these thoughts. Instead, he decided to suck it up, play nice and tell Howard what he wanted to hear. With Steve’s safety on the line, Tony couldn’t afford to be petty about this. “Thank you, that’s all I ask.”
“Me and Steve agreed that if you were ready, I would top you tonight so that everything is gentle,” the other man told him. “He’s going to help me pamper you, cherish you like you deserve. Is that alright, sweetheart?”
“We love you so much.” Bucky said quietly as he held Tony’s hand against him, his other hand still brushing away tears. “We didn’t leave you.”
Tony looked back to Steve. “Tops are dominant, and sometimes the quietest, shiest people can be tops because again, there is a freedom in the role, and sex does not define who you are as a person. During sex, chemicals are released in our brains and bodies, especially if you are engaging in a dominant or submissive scene.”
To say that his friend was surprised was an understatement. Apparently, he had heard of the accident and hadn’t expected Tony to be out of the hospital yet. He’d offered to come by, but Tony had politely declined, saying that he knew the scientist was busy and shouldn’t take time away when Tony was healing and home already. Truthfully, Tony couldn’t risk Erskine and Steve meeting just yet. He couldn’t take the chance. This was something Tony had decided after he’d met the man, and he would not risk changing this particular course of events. Still, he appreciated the offer to visit.
Over the past three weeks, they had been forced to collaborate with each other a handful of times. Each instance had only escalated the verbal sparring they’d continued since that first day until it culminated in this argument. Howard refused to acknowledge his ideas and concerns, but Tony wasn’t backing down one inch.
God, he was tired. Tired of being scarred. Tired of being broken. Tired of the voice that was never quiet in his mind. He just wanted to sleep.
Steve sighed. “Buck, you know how he is. Tony is one of the most generous people we’ve met, but I don’t think he knows what to do when generosity is given to him. It’s like he isn’t used to kindness or people taking care of him. Getting him to rest and heal is gonna be difficult.”
Sam’s eyes widened a little at that, but he didn't say anything. Natasha’s eyes were mischievous as she smirked at him. Bucky thought she looked proud. Bruce just sighed and cleaned his glasses.
They were meant to be together, to fight side by side through life and the battles that came with it. Once they found Bucky, they would be complete again, a finished puzzle.
. You push away anything that you think is painful or unpleasant. You don’t like dealing with how you feel.”
“Even with the colors and safe words, if Bucky gets to the point where he doesn’t feel pain reliably because pain starts becoming pleasure, he most likely wouldn’t be able to say them anyway. That’s why it’s so important to watch out for this and remember the limits he sets ahead of time. Along with the euphoria, he could become dizzy or loose coherent thought. He will essentially be floating on these feelings.”
Ruth stayed to eat a bowl of soup with them until the next visitors arrived, and she made her goodbyes. It was the Russo brothers. Joe’s voice was nothing but sincere as he thanked Tony for pushing him out of the way in time. Anthony thanked him for saving his brother. They stayed for a while and talked with Tony and Steve before they had to get back to their families.
“He survived because he’s one of the strongest people I’ve known.” Steve continued, “We’re gonna have to take care of him.”
It’s was Steve’s turn to look confused as he processed Bucky’s question. “What do you mean? Do you need to talk, love?”
“No one should want to kill anyone,” Steve countered, “but sometimes you have to fight for what’s best for other people.”
“No, not that.” Steve blushed as he continued, “Jacobson just told us that we’re going overseas. We’re going to perform for some of the troops. He’s says it’s a morale boost or something.”
“WHAT?!” Bucky shrieked. “You little asshole!” Steve burst into laughter until Bucky threw a couch pillow at his head. “You just wait, Rogers. I’ve got all the time in the world to plan my revenge.”
The sermon was a typical, he assumed, Christmas themed lecture. It wasn’t too bad, imparting the true gift of the holiday being their Lord, that they should be thankful and love their neighbors as God loved them. The usual, he figured. It was a nice thought if that was your thing. It ended with a solemn commentary on the war and upheaval in Europe. They should all count the blessing that they were safe and free and living in peace. Tony agreed with that last part.
Tony had forgotten that. He really had. And it pissed him off. “That’s bullshit! Are they fucking stupid?” He vented on Steve’s behalf. “You’re a great guy. What kind of moron would ditch you? Vapid little gold diggers looking for flash instead of class, that’s who. Serves them right that they’ll probably end up with an asshole who won’t keep it in his pants while she’s home with the kids.”
The plane had finally landed, and he couldn’t get off fast enough. Bucky never understood what possessed people to use the damned things anyway. If a boat sank, you could at least swim to try to keep from drowning. If a plane was crashing, what were you supposed to do then? Sprout wings and fly? He was just glad to be back on solid ground.
. Bucky’s voice was like liquid sex pouring into Tony’s veins and making his heart race even faster.
“We’ve always been so careful.” Bucky continued. “Steve and me, we were always quiet or only fooled around when we knew they weren’t home.”
Just as they were making it to the door, the entire factory floor erupted, and giant flames rose to scorch the metal they’d just been standing on. The zipline was gone, smoking fragments on the railing were all that remained.
“Jerk,” Steve called back as he watched Bucky turn and walk away in search of Tony. Steve watched him for a moment before turning to walk farther into the enlistment center.
Tony knew he shouldn’t be here in the first place, but that ship had set sail a long time ago. The last thing he wanted was for the history books to say that Anthony Stark was a Howling Commando and have a picture next to his name. This was his way around that, and he saw it as a gift. Him being a Commando would be bad enough, but he was hoping with the beard, the clothes and a different name that most people wouldn’t recognize him.
Tony made a noise about that behind him, but it didn’t matter because Steve was done. He was done being nice. He was done following their bullshit rules. He was done hoping for the best. They’d made it perfectly clear that Captain America was nothing more than a propaganda tool and didn’t care what Steve wanted or believed or how hard he’d tried. “I think I understand just fine.”
He didn’t want that for his sweet boy, and he hated the fact that he’d been so taken with the thought of that metal arm when they’d first met. Tony hadn’t been callous about it when he’d studied and worked on the arm. In fact, he had hated the thought of the trauma the man must have gone through to have such a limb, but the engineer inside of him had been fascinated.
Bucky sighed as he finally dropped the act, looking haunted. He grabbed Tony’s hand and kissed his palm before saying, “I’m glad you’re here, Tony.” He watched as the younger man’s eyes grew wet. “I don’t know how you managed to be here with Steve, but I’m glad you did it.”
As he shot his last one in the head, he looked over to see Steve kick a man over a railing. The blonde looked out over the factory then down and pointed, “There, almost below us. There’s a door we didn’t see before. It’s not far.”
Steve confidently walked up to him and gently tugged on his tie as he put his mouth next to Tony’s ear. “We were thinkin’ of this all day,” he breathed against Tony’s skin as his other hand rubbed along Tony’s pec. “We wanted to celebrate and thank you for takin’ care of everything while Bucky found his job. Then you had to go and make tonight even better.”
Tony moved to spread his body out over them, supporting himself on his hands and resting both of his thighs between their open legs. He could feel their bodies reacting beneath him, growing hotter and firmer. He swiveled his hips, causing his muscled upper legs to brush along their groins. Both of their breathing became faster at the teasing contact. He wouldn’t tease them for long though, they’d waited for his attention long enough.
“All eight of ‘em.” Steve nodded. “He paid me thirteen for the lot. I can pay off Dr. Fields now. At least until I get sick again.”
It felt like Tony’s stomach fell to his feet as the air was stolen from his lungs. It couldn’t…What was the date? It couldn’t be time! How had he not realized? “What?” Was all he could manage to ask.
Tony slowly opens his eyes, coming down from his coffee high and sets his sights on the source of the interruption. Captain Steven Grant Rogers. National Icon. The First Superhero and Tony’s childhood hero, Captain Fucking America was entering the kitchen. He wasn’t alone. Behind him stood their other resident super-soldier, former POW and brainwashed assassin, Steve’s oldest and bestest buddy, Sergeant James Buchanan Barnes.
Steve stood at the center island of the large kitchen the team used to cook group meals. They all had kitchens on their separate floors, but they usually tried to eat a few meals together each week. He was busy mincing garlic and chopping bell peppers and onions for the large pot of spaghetti sauce he was making. The new memories flickered in the background of his thoughts, but it was much easier now to just focus on what he was doing.
It had been two days since their last firefight, and they were stranded. Bucky didn’t even know how many of their wounded would still be alive in the morning. He didn’t know how many they had been forced to leave behind. Five days ago, their company had joined with three others to try to sneak through wild terrain to a village the Germans had seized control of. They were ambushed the next day. It was all they could do to beat the enemy back far enough to escape towards a territory occupied by the allies.
“That’s amazing, baby.” Tony beamed at him. “Soon enough you’ll have at least one work of art in over half the businesses in the surrounding area.”
He watched as Steve shrugged. “We didn’t have a lot growing up, and my ma was always working trying to keep up with the bills, so the cooking fell to me. When you don’t have a lot to work with, you try to make what you do have taste as good as you can.”
Dum motioned to the newest addition in their cell. Bucky looked at the resistance fighter named Jacques Dernier who’d arrived two days after them.  He didn’t speak much English, but at Dugan’s wince of pain, he’d smirked.
Tony’s eyes trailed down to stare at slightly parted lips. They would taste like wine and pie and Steve. God, he wanted to know what Steve tasted like. He leaned forward, and Steve’s breathing hitched, snapping him back to reality. What was he doing?
Maybe that would help put Tony at ease because Steve was really beginning to worry about him. Tony’s desperate conversation with him the night before had scared Steve. He didn’t understand how Tony was so certain that Bucky was in trouble. It reminded Steve of the stories his ma used to tell him. Folk tales and superstitions from Ireland about how someone could sense the loss of a loved one before anyone knew about it. Or tales of witches that had a sight that allowed them to see over long distances.
What does he mean by ‘who Tony might go after next’?” Tony asked in pretend offense. “He makes me sound like a dangerous animal.”
“Right, let’s just take a look and see what the problem is.” Finally, maintenance could begin. It watched as many tools were gathered. Some were familiar, others were not, but it was not its place to question what was used during maintenance. It would comply.
“Considering you’ll also be getting a few medals while you’re there,” Bucky told him, “I doubt that they’ll have a problem with your request. Especially since they’ve already given in to every request you’ve made so far.”
Ignoring his dick and refusing to let his thoughts wander, he decided to focus on the positive. He’d done it. He’d given his boys a real Christmas. He’d made them so happy today, and as a reward the universe had given him this gift. Both of them curled around him sound asleep.
Tony’s brain kickstarted. “Right.” He all but ran to the kitchen and poured a cup of coffee from the pot he’d been nursing all morning. He quickly returned with it. “Steve, I need you to try and drink this. I know you don’t normally, but the caffeine will help with the attack, trust me.”
As they drove back to Tony’s Brooklyn apartment, they talked about their plans for when Tony would officially be called into the project. He maintained that he wouldn’t be needed until Erskine had finally found the right man for the project, but Erskine wanted to use him sooner than that.
After a few more minutes, his fingers were gliding into Steve’s open hole without resistance. The blonde and Bucky both were outright begging him for more, moaning and gasping at each brush of their prostate, each time someone’s fingers went just a little bit deeper or drove in a little bit harder.
Tony was furious as he looked across the lab at Howard. They had been arguing all day, but they’d finally reached their boiling point and had been shouting at each other for the past several minutes.
Tony waved. “Not a problem. You always keep a bottle of the good stuff for me.” He turned to Bucky and motioned to the door. “Shall we?”
“That explains why they came for him,” Gabe, Steve remembered the name, said from Tony’s other side. “I didn’t know they were in the army.”
Steve just leaned over and said, “That’s alright. If there’s a problem with it, I know you can fix it.”
“I sold my suit.” He raised the bag dangling from his arm that held his new, used clothing. “Sold my shoes, my ring, my belt and wallet too. Got something more practical.” He waved a hand to motion to his time-period appropriate outfit before he pointed to the box. “Then I got some groceries.”
Tony refocused his eyes to look at Bucky who was slowly removing his own coat and shoes, never breaking eye contact with him.
was wrong. People walked by in clothes that he’d only seen in old movies and pictures. The cars and trucks on the street were some of the earliest models of the last century. The buildings across the way were dated, but they didn’t look all that old. Brushing off the dust and dirt as he stood to his feet, Tony slowly stepped out onto the sidewalk and sincerely hoped he was having a delayed acid trip from his coffee that morning.
A small pause, then, “I have no way of verifying that, Captain. All records show that this is the original footage. I took this from the Smithsonian archives, and it is currently being displayed there. If this is existing footage that has somehow been altered by Sir’s situation, there is no way for me to discern that. All other records support that this is authentic.”
“You’ll get sick of me!” Tony blurted out and held up a hand to stop Steve’s argument. “No, you don’t understand. I will admit that I’m strung out and emotionally exhausted, but it has nothing to do with this cut. I’ve been able to stay busy and away enough so you haven’t noticed. I’m selfish and difficult and reckless and could count the friends in my life with one hand. Everyone else saw it. With enough time you will too, and I….” His voice broke as he looked to the side, “I can’t stand the thought of you seeing me that way.”
“Yeah, his grandkids should be our overlords by now.” Clint joked and was rewarded by Natasha’s hand flying out and slapping the back of his head.
Steve certainly knew how to keep him up, alright. Last night, Steve had topped, and Tony was quite happy that the marks were still mostly there this morning. He never knew how he would heal from something nowadays. God, he was freak of nature.
Just as he was crossing the distance to their bedroom, Steve called out, “Geez, Tony, you can’t walk around wet like that. You’ll catch a cold.” He turned to look at Steve’s disapproving face. Steve had been a little overly protective since Tony’s latest freak-out. Tony couldn’t blame him for it.
Steve, that bastard, just rolled his eyes and smirked, “Trust me. When I get in your space, you’ll know.”
“It’s good, Daddy,” he whimpered as the fingers in him opened wider, the tongue going deeper. “Daddy, please.”
That’s where Bucky’s confidence in Tony’s ability to watch over Steve wavered. Tony didn’t seem as concerned with Steve trying to enlist as Bucky felt he should be. Maybe he just didn’t realize that Steve truly wouldn’t give up until he got what he wanted, a chance to do what he viewed as fair and right. Steve saw it as his duty to serve, so he was going to serve, end of story. Someday, Steve would find someone willing to look the other way, and he’d be one step closer to being a soldier.
No, Steve said not to listen to the voice that sounded so much like his own, so Bucky wasn’t going to. Still, Bucky could understand about wanting the pain inside to just stop, just stop for a moment and give him some peace to pull himself back together. Bucky had needed to remind Steve of his own advice last night, but he now knew from experience that it was easier telling someone these things than believing them yourself.
Cold fear filled Tony’s previously warm chest at Steve’s all too accurate observation. It wasn’t just him, then. Steve noticed it too. Tony’s mask never faltered as he smiled and deflected, “That’s a nice thought.” He lied, “Who doesn’t want to be young and beautiful forever?”
“Service topping,” Tony said kindly. “Is what I told you last night. You are in charge, but you are doing the things that your submissive wants or had asked you to do. You probably feel a great deal of pleasure and arousal providing these things, right?”
“I’m thirty-nine,” actually feeling skeevy at the thought of taking a twenty-one year old out dancing. This old fashioned morality must be corrupting him. He didn’t think he’d have had a problem with it a few years ago.
Steve blushed but managed to ask, “You used a lot of words last night to describe what we do. I want to make sure I know what they mean and how they relate to us.
Before Steve could respond, another voice shouted, “Sarge! Holy shit! He’s alive!” And Steve watched a small group of men rush forward. The one who had shouted was the first to reach them. He was a large man with a bowler hat and striking mustache who reached them just as Bucky was sinking to his knees from exhaustion. The man was clearly struggling with his voice as he kneeled and choked out, “I thought I’d seen the last you. How did you hold on that long?”
Bucky looked like he wanted to scream, but Steve continued. “I understand if you don’t wanna stay here anymore. You’re doin’ pretty well for yourself. You don’t need this kind of attention. If Joe’s spouting that off to me, he’s probably saying similar stuff around the neighborhood.”
“After my creation Sir told me that I was more than my memory mainframe.” The A.I. kindly explained. “He told me that while I was to assist and serve him in his endeavors, I would grow to be so much more. He instructed that he gave me more than function. He gave me life. He saw what I would one day become.”
The sadness in Tony’s eyes deepened. “I hate keeping things from you,” he answered softly, “but I have to. I have to.” His voice was so low that it sounded as if he were talking to himself. Then, Tony’s eyes widened, making him look manic as his hand shot out to grip Steve’s tightly. “You must earn this, Steve. You need to show them how strong you are, how smart and good you are. Make them see what I see. I told you. I told you to prove them wrong. Please!”
Tony thought about the shelters. If they existed, he still didn’t know where they were, and it had to be well after six o’clock by now. Even if he had to sleep on the street, it would be fine. He was Tony Stark and had survived much worse.
Steve looked up. “Now you see why I didn’t want to go out tonight. I know Bucky’s trying to help, but,” he shrugged, “I get tired of watching everyone else. And being ignored or left by the gals he finds for me just isn’t as much fun as it used to be.” He tried to joke.
Bucky guessed that another hour had passed with them staying like that on couch. He had almost drifted to sleep from the relaxing way Steve still caressed him when he heard the elevator doors open to reveal the voice of the most annoying person in the tower.
“Then radio B company,” Bucky yelled as more explosions and shots rang out around them, “tell them we need cover!”
He thought back to Tony with Bucky. He’d been so loving with him, getting Bucky to talk a little about what he liked and then giving Bucky just what he needed. Steve remembered Tony prepping him and what he’d done with his tongue. That had been a surprise, both the act itself and how erotic Steve had found it.
It was then that he realized that the other members of the team had risen from their seats and were on alert, waiting for some sign as to what they should do at Steve and Bucky’s obvious distress.
It was a thing with Tony that he seemed to be so hard on himself when he cared about something. The smartest man Bucky had ever known was constantly second guessing himself and finding flaws that usually didn’t exist. Bucky wondered how many people were to blame for it.
Bucky looked over Steve’s shoulder to Tony. “Asthma,” was all that he said. Steve was pale, and his breathing wasn’t getting any better as Bucky tried to soothe him, rubbing gentle strokes along his arms as Steve still clutched his small chest.
“A few, actually,” Tony told them. “I’m more partial to the term triad but that’s just because I’ve grown used to it. More people are now using the term throuple. Really though, I’m good with either because they both mean the same. We are in a polyamorous relationship, in which we are all equal and all together.”
“They’re fuckin’ with my head, Steve.” He gritted out, actually able to look murderous through the medication as his arm recalibrated again. “It's happening, right now. It’s like the chair in reverse. Instead of pain erasing my memories, the pain is creating new ones. How the fuck is that possible?”
“Should make my job easier, then,” Gabe said. “It was your own fault, anyway. You insulted his people.”
Then there were long periods when coherent thought wasn’t possible at all. The world around him was too loud and too bright, and in a fever, he would just drift into the space between nothing and awareness.
There were two in particular he would have loved being closer to, but, seriously, how would that have gone? If Steve and Bucky knew the real him…No. They tolerated him now. Maybe even had come to respect him a little. Tony wouldn’t jeopardize that. He was better off being the team’s bankroll and technician. It made him useful.
“I will strip away everything you have; your marriage, your safety, your reputation.” He promised. “They will all be gone, and that’s if I’m nice enough let you walk away from this. You have no proof to back up your threat and no credit with anyone to make them believe you. All I have to do is go to the butcher right now, and your world will start to crumble. After that, if you even think to say anything further about this to anyone, well, it’s a dangerous neighborhood. People find bodies in the river all the time, and I doubt anyone would miss you enough to question it.”
Her eyes widened as she realized what she’d just said to an almost stranger when she should probably be grieving. “I mean, I don’t…That was a horrible thing to say. It’s completely inappropriate. Please, just forget…”
“Well, it turns out that he works with the colonel and recommended my name.” Tony told them. “We had talked about a lot of different things that day, and apparently, he was impressed.”
Anyway, he’d meant what he said. He just wanted to put the whole thing past them and focus on their new relationship.
Steve was going to ask what Tony meant but stopped as Tony climbed over him to straddle his hips. When the other man grabbed Steve’s cock and raised himself, Steve gripped his hips suddenly without thinking. “Tony, no, you’re not ready. It’ll hurt you.”
“It’s not all you share.” Erskine told him, his eyes piercing Tony in a gaze that saw too much. “You bear a striking resemblance to the man. I should know; I’ve met him several times.”
“Good,” Tony said, “because I’ve been wanting to lay you in a bed and get my hands all over you both for too long now.”
“So guys,” he began, “I know tonight and, more specifically for you, today did not go as we’d hoped.”
Also, it was brought to my attention that the term '"check" or "checker" was not fully explained. Simply put, it means a dollar. I firmly believe that Steve should only use the word buck when he is talking to his gorgeous roommate. He believes that too, at least he does in my head.
With that thought Steve pulled himself back to the present and decided it was past time for him to get up if he wanted to see Tony before he left for the day. He got dressed and went to find them sitting in the kitchen drinking coffee at the table. There were three plates of pancakes, but the other two seemed to have been waiting for him to arrive before they ate.
, his mind informed him insistently) was drinking his coffee in the kitchen after their run. He remembered that the suit he was wearing looked expensive, and he now remembered thinking the same thing about that suit the day they met in October of 1939. He remembered talking about the band that Stark (
“Glad to see you eating somethin’, Sarge.” Dugan said to Bucky before he turned to Steve. “The supplies and rations have been collected and distributed to the groups that were assigned. We are ready on your order, Captain.”
Steve winced. “Well, not officially. I’m supposed to have some meeting in London where I’ll report everything I know and get equipment while the team is chosen, but I’m going to try to get them to let me pick my own.”
“And we won’t,” Bucky agreed. “Tony’s been through more than enough. For now, it’s our job to take care of him.”
Bucky silenced him with a kiss. It seemed to work as Tony relaxed against him. He slowly pulled away, but didn’t go far. “I was just gonna say, thank you.” Tony’s eyebrows shot up. “I really loved being with you, and thank you for taking care of me,” he finished shyly. Bucky did not like talking about this, but he realized he was going to have to. “And for not judging me.”
Tony looked at him. “I can’t guarantee it, Bucky. It depends on a lot of things; how far the scene goes or if you reach that level of endorphin release. We can absolutely discuss this further if that’s something you think you’d want, but I felt like I should at least bring it up since you are a submissive with two possible tops.”
“God, that smells good, Stevie.” He inhaled again before taking off his boots by the door. “Spaghetti’s my favorite.” Coming into the kitchen he looked at the set table, garlic bread stacked on a plate in the middle. “Oooh, garlic toast, too!”
Tony happily returned them, letting the comfort of having one of his loves in his arms calm him. When he finally pulled back, he said, “Not that I’m complaining, but what’s with the big welcome?”
It had taken a lot of Tony’s willpower not to get drunk as he’d waited for Bucky to arrive at the bar. He’d settled for a double pour of his favorite scotch and a cigarette. Tony didn’t care about cancer, not anymore. He just savored the dry burn of the smoke mixing with the liquid burn of the alcohol. He’d been a mess all day. A high functioning mess, but a mess all the same.
“I shouldn’t have said those things,” Bucky countered wetly, all he could see was Steve’s eyes. “You don’t need to be reminded of what we had, not when I’m this way. Shouldn’t have said it. Now the others will know. I can’t be a secret.”
Steve’s fingers were gentle, the long graceful hands of an artist. They felt cool against Tony’s skin as they traced over the scars. Tony almost shuddered when Bucky’s hand joined him, rough and warm and a deep contrast to Steve’s. It wasn’t sexual, but it was intimate. Tony both hated and craved it. He viciously forbid himself to cry. This was too much, and he was emotionally exhausted.
When Steve pulled back, he ran a thumb across Bucky’s cheekbone. “I love you, Buck, no matter what. ‘Til the end of the line.”
Also, Italian will be spoken in this chapter. I apologize in advance to any of you lucky people who speak that beautiful language because I, sadly, do not. Blame google translate. Translations will be in the end notes.
Firstly, I want to send a big thank you to KahunaBurger for taking the time to talk me through the previous problem with my end notes. It's much appreciated!
Steve had spoken his usual words, claiming Bucky and teasing at the thought that Steve would use him in front of others. It could never happen, but it was always fun to pretend. Then, Steve had mentioned Tony catching them, watching them. The effect was immediate. Bucky’s eyes had almost gone black before they rolled back, and he moaned around Steve.
“Not just yet,” Steve smirked and got up to walk to the oven. “There’s one more thing,” he added before he opened it and pulled out-
When he arrived home later that evening, he pulled Steve against him and kissed him slowly, tenderly in front of the stove where he’d been cooking, running his hands over him to remind himself that he still had this. He pulled Bucky into the living room and danced with him until dinner was ready, telling himself that he could trust in this. He smiled at them as they sat together at the table and ate their dinner. He told them about his day and the people he’d met, never voicing how unsure he was that things would work out for them.
Sam asked the question right before Steve could. “How is that even a thing?” He held up a hand to stop any reply Bruce was about to give. “I know that I’m not exactly an expert on neuroscience or time travel, but that seriously doesn’t make any fucking sense, man.”
“Well, that’s good then,” Steve said as he looked up to meet his eyes. “I won’t bother with cooking since I won’t know when you’ll be home. We can go out to eat or somethin’.”
Steve looked down at Bucky’s red eyes, knowing his weren’t any better. “Yeah, love. They were blue and silver.”
“Well, you’re right about that,” Dugan said as he clapped a hand on Bucky’s shoulder. The anger gone as quickly as it had come and the jovial smile back on his face. “I guess it’s up to you to get the job. Wouldn’t mind calling you Sarge, Barnes.”
