Charlie holds up a finger.
Cas watches, waiting for him to chew and swallow the first bite, then simply responds.
Amara reaches out and touches his face, sucking on the most pulsating remnants of discomfort.
Dean takes a deep breath, then turns his face and stares at her for a few seconds, just to make sure it's okay, that after all this talk they're still okay. And he smiles at her.
Dean responds vehemently, with some sympathy in his voice.
Dean asks again.
Cas recites the entire plot seriously.
Sam tries to speak casually, but he is clearly delivering great news.
Dean said before taking a sip from the bottle.
Dean glanced at the cover of the magazine and raised an eyebrow.
Although Dean wasn't so sure about this a few minutes ago, now it feels right. The two will find out how they work together because it feels right.
Dean responds, tilting his head, and then turns to everyone.
Sam was a little more surprised now.
Cas imitates the gesture that Dean did before.
Cas adds this observation.
Amara seems amazed by accessing all the information she has about the Angel of Thursday. "
Cas says with an
That's all Cas answers.
Jack says cautiously.
Jack nods, but there is an inner discomfort. He realizes that in one way or another he is playing god, deciding the lives of thousands of people without consulting them. He knows that this is more complicated than a simple decision, but he considers that the monsters exist there as a constant threat created by Chuck and that as far as possible they are balancing the forces between the human and the supernatural world.
Rowena replied, with a half-forced smile.
Two days later Sam, after using his momentarily retired privileges as a hunter's leader, called an emergency meeting. In the Bunker, in addition to the current formation of the
he hears Dean calling.
Dean rolls his eyes, but then comes back and looks at Cas capturing his attention again.
Dean smiles.
Crowley replies sarcastically.
When they finally arrive in front of the door, Cas opens it using one arm, while holding a bucket of popcorn in the other. Dean stops at the entrance, his eyes wandering around the place, clean, the boxes all piled up in the corner. A small wooden table, two armchairs, and the shelves are also clean. There's nothing impressive there, but for sure the storage room is more organized and the space it has is more visible.
Dean clears his throat and straightens his posture.
. Sam is getting up and looking at Dean seriously, but without leaving those puppy eyes.
Dean mocks them, leaning over to grab more popcorn from the bucket beside Cas.
And Dean and Cas are sitting close to each other, as they used to be, but there is a subtle difference there in the way they act. Before the movie started, Dean tried to do an act of kindness and gave up his self-proclaimed right to choose the movie, he passed the opportunity on to Cas, but Cas was panicked for a moment and said they could watch what Dean wanted to, and they both played that responsibility to each other to the point that they were already annoying themselves and the other witnesses to the little argument, until Sam intervened and decided the movie they were going to watch. However, as the film progresses, they don't annoy each other as they usually did (with Dean leading the way), on the contrary, Dean and Cas seem more comfortable than ever.
Cas muttered something in agreement, but without any conviction.
Amara wanders her hand over the garden floor, it is as if she feels everything that is buried there as part of herself.
She shoots him a steady, straight look, but there is no anger there.
It is Castiel who this time leans over to Dean and hugs him. Dean hugs him back, with a smile on his face, and he knows that Cas already has his decision and that he is willing to go ahead with it.
Dean lowers his eyes for a brief moment, then makes a decision and puts his hand on Cas' shoulder. He needs to be firm, honest, because he can't take any more to leave things unresolved.
Cas informs.
says Garth, pointing to Castiel. "
Kevin sighs wearily, then turns to Charlie.
Dean answers simply.
Garth sounds confused.
Three hours later, Dean wakes up with his head resting on Cas' shoulder.
Jody starts looking at Alex.
When they get there, they find Jack with his mouth full of cereal and a surprised look. He greets them with a smile, his cheeks full.
Jack has eyes full of concern and the urgency grows in his voice.
Cas smiles awkwardly at her, but sincerely.
, Dean remembers Cas' voice and his body freezes over by repeating the same sequence of events in his mind.
Cas says with his eyes dropping to the palm of his hand.
She says, and for a second her eyes flicker between him and Cas, or is Dean imagining things?
Dean smiles more melancholy than sarcastic.
, in a way that they did not dare to put into words.
Eileen signs, turning the matter back to what really makes them anxious at that moment.
And Dean makes his own voice as calm and sympathetic as he can, with a softness so rare to happen.
Dean doesn't really consider himself a man of faith, or a righteous man to be fair, yet he will be a man of faith this time, because that is what he can hold on to at the moment, and because Cas, of all people, beings and things, taught him to believe that good things can do happen to him.
Cas pulls back a little and Dean notices a tear coming out. He reaches into his pocket and takes out a silver ring, with a transparent stone that covers the entire circumference.
Dean has no idea where to start this conversation. He thinks about saying
He learned to manipulate the
Dean never thought about it so directly, he only knew it when he knew it, and until the moment when he could confess what he wanted, previous feelings were always repressed... He remembers the first time he met Cas, entering that barn... All the fears and uncertainties he carried, ever since he walked out of his own grave, exploding on the surface. And Cas knew how to make a awesome, cool and impressive fucking entrance, which made Dean fear that being even more and react defensively... But today, the memory is accompanied by one more comment, as if he had removed the fear, the anger and insecurity and discovered another piece of his mind that was impressed by that guy
Jack is in doubt. He is certainly not human, he was never fully human, at least not without the price of his own mortal body, but he is not a god and does not feel ready to take on that burden. Jack wants a life, he wants to wake up early and eat the cereal that Sam doesn't approve of. He wants to sit with Dean and watch the movies while Dean recites the lines decorated with imitations in different voices for each character. Jack wants to sit with Cas and play some new game, show him funny videos from the internet or go shopping while Cas tells jokes in Enochian, which he never fully understands. But none of this will be possible if Jack cannot keep the world in order and, apparently, if he does, there will not be much left of him to want and desire these banal pleasures with the same intensity.
Dean answered that with a sharp look, which Cas received in resignation.
Dean looks at him steadily.
Miracle barks a little and leaves with its tail wagging towards a newly awakened Castiel. He's wearing Dean's pajamas with hot dog pants. Cas rubs his hands over his eyes, his hair clumsy. Miracle stretches to reach the waist of a surprised Castiel.
I hope this fic can bring good feelings to anyone who is willing to read it. It was something I didn't intend to write, but I ended up enjoying writing.
Dean got up and wandered around the Bunker. Some nights when he couldn't sleep and Cas was home, they’d sit together for a drink, watch a movie or exchange a few words… Somehow this was reassuring and made the night less lonely, not that Dean really cared about it, but... Well, he decided to go to the kitchen, after not finding Cas in the library, along the way, Dean noticed that the light in Dean Cave was on, and deduced that Cas must be there. Very well. He grabbed two beers and headed toward that room.
Jack raises his eyebrows a little more exasperated to get back to that subject.
Dean changes his voice to a more subtle tone. “
Dean says in a startled voice.
He says, the lightness rising in his voice with each word, hiding the remnant of anxiety.
Then Dean enters the room, puts the laptop on the table. He knows he'll be able to demonstrate better than telling Cas that everything is fine.
"Rowena is about to call us." Sam speaks, catching Dean and Cas' attention. "I'm going to answer her video call."
She says, approaching and taking his hand.
Dean and Cas exchange an embarrassed look.
Since the big television crashed, he's been visiting that place less often, in part because the time didn't seem in his favor either, with all the new stream of hunters he's met in the Bunker after Michael returned him… And Michael… Dean for sure didn't have much time to relax between that and losing Jack.
And Dean agrees.
Dean shrugs, turning his face and opening his arms pointing to places. “
And Cas was so wistfully sincere that Dean for a moment relived the feeling of having lost Jack, of not even being able to enter the room and say goodbye to him. Dean sighed. He understood.
Sam then raises his hands and catches their attention.
Dean brings a bitter harshness in his voice, he clearly doesn't want to expose his resentment after having a brief experience of hope defeating Chuck, but the feeling that history would repeat itself again, even if he wants to trust Jack, after all Cas saw him...
Jack can't find the words
Jack one greets hesitantly, but still with a cheerful tone in his voice. Jack is not afraid of her.
She deduces.
Cas says with a raised eyebrow, picking up his fork and eating another piece of the pie that Dean had completely forgotten to finish.
Dean sounds almost offended, and then a little confused.
Cas raises an eyebrow. A part of him doesn't want to back down now that he's chosen.
Cas, as if feeling that he was the subject of the conversation, turned the body over to them, staring and tilting his head at Dean. Dean smiles and blinks.
When that night, after Castiel was rescued from the Empty, they gathered in the central room of the Bunker, Cas decided not to explain in detail the conversation between him and Amara. Although he assured them that they could trust her, at least for now. Don't misunderstand him, he would eventually share a more detailed report on this intriguing event, but for now, he felt that the conversation was tied to a personal decision, a choice, and Castiel felt he should keep it to himself until they have more confidence about what Chuck's departure meant.
Castiel stops to breathe.
It is the same old Cas as before, now sitting in that chair that was empty and evident since when he sacrificed himself telling Dean that he loves him, and not only that, telling Dean why he loved him and why he was worth that sacrifice.
Cas nods.
And Cas finally smiles.
She then turns to face him.
Rowena then smiles with pride.
Dean coughs and then tries to stare at Sam, who's mouth slightly open, his expression hard to read, until he changes.
then she looks down while placing a spoon in the bowl.
Jack still feels the flow coming out of his body and is a little stunned to respond, however, he manages to regain his stability and smiles in agreement. Perhaps a new and more hopeful world can exist in this reality.
Then Dean smiles at Cas, with a warm, comforting smile.
They sit at the table and, while talking and teasing each other, they pick up the food. Dean looks at Claire, Jack and Kaia. He doesn't need to say a word, but he casts his gaze at Cas thinking
Kaia asks.
The Winchesters were also not the kindest to her, of course, she had chosen to trust Dean and this proved to be a mistake. However, she no longer blamed him. He made mistakes, but like her, he didn't ask for the role that Chuck tried to force him to act. Unfortunately, some beings and people received special attention from her brother, and that included the Winchesters and therefore those who were close to them. And Jack...
Kevin adds.
But Dean is smiling more widely, it's funny that he can recognize that for sure that Cas is a little jealous, but also enjoying the provocation. What they have is no longer hidden between the lines and with that they are able to have more freedom to interpret each other's reactions.
And they laugh, with Dean putting the key and turning on the Impala.
Dean speaks with a gasp.
They return to the road after the first stop. Dean is in a good mood, tapping his fingers lightly on the steering wheel, following the music.
Dean gives a relaxed laugh.
Whether it was his fault or not, he felt responsible for the pain Dean had suffered, and for the irreparable damage to the world Dean had tried to protect from the bad things in his life. So Castiel did as Dean asked, he erased Lisa and Ben's memory, he wiped the evidence that Dean Winchester had once lived with them, he brought back Matt, Lisa's boyfriend the demons had killed… Everything this while he was in the middle of a war, during a desperate search for Purgatory, just so Dean could have what he thought was needed for once. And if Dean had asked him to erase his memories too, so he wouldn't suffer remembering what he couldn't keep, even if Castiel had thought it a mistake, he would have done it. If that's what Dean needed, it's what Cas would give him…
The return trip did not expose so many emotions. Krissy, Aiden and Josephin stayed in the back seat, updating them on a few occurrences, explaining what Tik Tok was to Dean, or just complaining about the music he played. After the first stop at a restaurant, for them to go to the bathroom, Sam asked to take the wheel, following the plan that had already been discovered. He then drove to an open area near the Bunker, where all the invited friends were already waiting.
Cas shrugs.
Jack remembered Amara's words, and it was time to try to communicate with her again.
Charlie says bluntly the moment after Dean puts the key in the Impala and starts driving to Lebanon's pizzeria. And he gasped, coughing dryly as if he hadn't seen it coming from her.
Dean coughed.
Dean wipes his hand on a napkin and then passes the other beer he had left on the counter to Cas.
He then shakes the bottle in front of Dean's eyes.
-------------------------------------
Jack nods and the two spend a non-existent time observing that scenario, until he states that Amara could try pineapple pizza when he visits her again.
(See the end of the chapter for
She adds, placing a hand on Dean's forearm.
TWO DAYS LATER.
Three days after they beat Chuck and Amara to take control, something happens. During the night Jack wakes up to find Castiel in the map room, both alert because the world has definitely changed, and they can feel it.
Dean jokes.
Jack is still confused and as time goes by, he feels that all the power he carried a few moments ago is drained more quickly.
Cas sighs, shoulders falling.
And Sam realizes that they are entering dangerous territory for the
Dean is quiet for a minute.
Dean sighs
Dean starts to speak, but he is clearly scrambling for what to say next. He is beside the chair on which Castiel is sitting with his hand resting on it.
Dean looks at Cas desolate.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Jack closes his eyes and when he opens them a light radiates from his whole body. His wings remain with him, but a gigantic shadow moves away from his body. The shadow is not just darkness, thousands of small sparks shone in it, it is as if the starry sky creates a body. Gradually this shadow takes on the well-known form of Amara, she moves her shoulders, stretches and raises her head with a half smile, her eyes sparkling with relief.
is Dean's voice.
Charlie risks, they never talked openly about Dean being into men either.
When they get back to the Bunker, Dean is a little disappointed. He doesn't really know what to say, but this one sure wasn't like the dates that, when he tried to date someone, he's already had... Their dynamic was basically the same and maybe that's not a problem, but maybe they aren’t what they were thinking they could be. They walk down the hall, close to each other and Dean can feel the anxiety churning inside him, the undeniable presence of Cas so close. They stop in front of Dean's bedroom door.
stuck in his own name, somewhere he still can't find and erase properly.
Dean widens his eyes and raises his eyebrows.
Sam asks anxiously.
They took the dog to the Vet, to check if it had a chip or was being looked for by someone. Sam has never seen Dean show such an almost instantaneous appreciation for an animal, and he has feared that his brother would have to give up that dog he barely knew and had already given a name to. They paid for exams and kept Miracle in the shelter until the situation at Bunker seemed calmer. After all, they didn't want to have to worry about the dog jumping into the strange void of the Empty while they tried to bring Cas back.
This time, however, Sam asked Dean to accompany him on this specific case, which was just a lame excuse. In fact, they just wanted to get Dean out of the Bunker so that Cas, Claire, Kaia, Jack, Donna, Jody, Patience and Alex can prepare a surprise party to celebrate his birthday. In order not to raise too many suspicions, Claire and Kaia arrived two days before, with the excuse that, in addition to missing them, they wanted a place to stay before continuing their trip across the country, the two are participating in the itinerant groups, while the other Sisters take care of the regional base of Sioux Falls.
Claire rolls her eyes and then follows the direction where Dean's gaze points.
Cas says with a sigh.
Dean and Charlie returned from the pizzeria with four different flavors and found the kitchen incredibly clean and ready to be messed up again. Now everyone is in the war room, after eating and drinking half of what they had bought.
--------------------------------------------------
Dean stares at him for a while, realizing the simplicity of that interaction with Cas... He can't let some things go, like Kelly Kline, the distance with his mom, the British Men of Letters... But something small like judging himself because he watched and maybe liked a
Dean puts his hand on Cas' shoulder.
Cas started, looked like he wanted to continue, but reconsidered before proceeding.
Jack is calm, he can't hurry any more or be bitter any more. Everything he feels seems to unfold in infinite planes of existence and it seems silly to be hurt before time.
asks Dean with a sleepy voice and half-open eyes.
Claire teases him, approaching him.
Dean chokes.
But the fact is Castiel still feels he's sucked.
Dean says, his voice low.
Cas turns his face fully to see Dean, eyes narrowed, head tilted and eyebrows drawing together as he tries to figure out what that detached vibe of what happened on television is all about.
Amara smiles with her lips closed.
And then they stop, and just exchange a smile, comfortable with each other.
He made quotation marks with his fingers
Dean inched through the half-open door, his head poking into the room. Cas was there, flipping through some old magazines, he looked up noticing Dean without surprise in his eyes, possibly he had already heard his footsteps in the hallway.
Cas responds by looking up to see Dean.
Dean examines Cas carefully for a few seconds, then decides to change the subject.
Dean tries to keep his tone neutral, but fails on the edges.
I'm new here, so I apologize in advance for anything.
Cas is now concerned.
5. I had ideas, but not vocabulary.
She says, kind of humming the last part with a smile.
Cas nods, returning the smile.
Well, I intended to write only three chapters, but I ended up writing this one and I couldn't finish the last one.
Cas speaks with a hesitation, but completely admired.
Cas searches Dean's face for something, and then he clears his throat and tries to do a deep, slightly hoarse, cowboy voice.
It takes Dean a few moments to realize that Sam, Eileen and Jack have recovered better and now they all stare silently at their scene. Sam and Eileen exchange a slight smirk and a sigh of relief. Jack, on the other hand, smiles so wide that it doesn't even seem that the boy had passed through an Apocalypse after another, lost his own soul, devoured angels’s hearts, exploded in another dimension, lost everyone else on the planet, absorbed god's powers and returned home to rescue one of his dads, after eating all the cookies from the kitchen. Everything normal to the Winchester way of being.
Dean swallowed.
Suddenly the summons seem to finally have the effect they wanted. A shape begins to resist and detach itself from the wall, little by little Castiel's body and face appear through a black slime that wants to keep him captive.
Dean snorts as if the idea is preposterous and shakes his head.
They remain in bed, ignoring the alarm clock. Later, they will have to hear a speech from Sam complaining that they were late to meet them at the beach...
Cas moves on the bed, with one arm over Dean's chest, with his leg also invading his personal space. Cas is not good with limits.
Cas says without more hesitation.
And Claire carefully moves her away, frowning and saying "
Jack looks puzzled.
Dean's words are a little harsh, but he doesn't sound that way.
Dean can feel the regret in Cas' words as his expression collapses.
" Kevin scoffs, apparently tired, but tries to smile at her, who also hugs him before any other introductions.
As simple as that, when he hears how she calls him ‘
He gets a little lost when he realizes how many familiar faces are there: Garth, Bess and the children playing with Miracle; Charlie and Steve (Bobby had decided to go back to his world), Jody, Donna, Patience, Alex, Claire, Kaia, Mia, Cesar and Jesse, and even Max Banes, with whom they had resumed contact after helping him save the soul itself... And Eileen and Sam... And Cas and Jack... And Dean goes towards the table with food, after having greeted a part of the friends he saw.
Dean rolls his eyes and sighs.
Kevin asks.
Kaia smiles teasingly.
Dean smiled wryly and without humor.
Rowena interrupts him making a hand joke
Dean swallows.
Cas raises his hands, not knowing the answer.
Dean had already attended birthday parties, some before the age of four, which he did not remember, and some when he was with Lisa. With those exceptions, none while growing up or after adulthood, and none organized by his family and friends to honor him. He remembers being in the corner of the parties he witnessed, seeing strangers having fun, interacting, talking banalities. He was unable to appropriate it, but he tried as hard as he could, for Lisa and Ben. Deep down, Dean felt for a long time a stranger to everything that could be considered a
Everyone is tired, but they agree with the directions. They say goodbye to the boys, Alex leaves a vegetarian lasagna in the fridge, to Dean's discomfort, but thanks to Donna he now has two pies and a box of donuts waiting for him in the kitchen.
She then stops and turns to Castiel.
Amara rolled her eyes and said in a trivial tone
He smiles and then changes to a confused expression.
Dean speaks without taking his eyes off her, and almost doubting his own suggestion.
Dean smiles pretending to be astonished
She stops as soon as she finishes down the stairs, with Dean beside her. Castiel is already up waiting, Kevin and Sam join them. Charlie speaks first.
Dean adds.
Jack turns his face, which is frowning.
She then smiles wistfully.
mutters Crowley.
Outside, his shoulders slump.
Dean lowered the bottle.
Dean looks Cas in the eye.
"What do you mean by that?"
Sam blinks in a daze.
. Or rather, The Garden.
Cas says abruptly, with a sign of regret somewhere.
Sam smiles slightly.
Castiel is speechless. He doesn't understand what reasons led Amara to care about whatever he was going to do with his life.
Cas responds more seriously than Dean expected. Then he looks thoughtful, his shoulders slump slightly.
But Dean never chose to forget. He remembers everything and everyone he loved and lost, he remembers the people he saved and those he failed… And he keeps fighting, so Castiel recognizes not just fury, not just anger, but an unparalleled will to defend others… Once Dean convinced Castiel that it was worth fighting for people and families on Earth, at that moment Castiel understood that Dean extended to billions of strangers his instinct to protect, to save whoever he could until it was no longer possible... Castiel has never met someone like Dean, who would have the power of an Archangel awaiting him, who was faced with the possibility of the world ending, who was belittled like an ant facing a greater plan outside the anthill inside the aquarium, and still stood upright and chose to rebel, chose his own weapons and his own heart…
Dean runs a hand over his eyes.
When everything seems to calm down completely, bringing to their reality the time to deal with the world without Chuck, The Empty or any other great threatening power, Amara appears at the basement door.
Then Dean grabbed the beer bottle, took a few sips and closed his eyes taking a deep breath.
Dean whispers almost to himself, thoughtfully.
Dean opens his eyes and tries not to blink. "You can choose another movie if you want."
And then Cas looks up at him.
Dean has nowhere to hold himself, because Jack is exhausted and just can't stand up, falling to his knees while he chokes with his eyes half closed.
Claire pulls out the cereal box while Kaia takes a bowl.
He growled almost to himself.
Amara watches him and she puts a hand on her chin.
She says in a falsely forced voice, like she's going to scold him.
Rowena smirks.
Dean replies dumb.
Charlie walks towards Castiel and hugs him, catching him off guard, he's still not that familiar with these gestures of human affection coming from people he doesn't know very well… The only person who initiated a hug with Castiel so far was Dean.
he asks timidly.
Dean cringes, his posture vulnerable, his gaze reaches elsewhere than Sam.
In the past two months, with hunts virtually non-existent, hunters have been trying to rediscover their role in this new world. The younger ones took an important position in this transition, they were locating the new humans and trying to help them process this experience, although there was a lot of resistance because the enmity and the grudge did not disappear as easily as what happened with the non-human condition.
He mutters.
Dean interrupts as quickly as he can react.
Jack smiles with pride.
His face flushed from saying something without thinking straight (literally?). So Dean lets out all the words fast.
--------------------------------------------------------------------
Dean speaks and smiles kissing Cas' forehead.
She says as she walks away.
she responds smiling. Then the noise of an argument starts to become audible, Crowley and Ketch seem to disagree.
Dean arches an eyebrow in a low voice.
Love to all of you...
Charlie looks worried, maybe worried isn't the best word for what she's trying to express.
Amara asks, leaning in his direction. He has considered it kind of her to wait a few moments before waking him from his thoughts.
Amara smiles and there is almost tenderness in her, and something deeper in his eyes that Jack cannot describe.
Claire and Kaia arrived early at the Bunker. Sam and Eileen before leaving for a morning walk, accompanied by Miracle, let the two in and said goodbye convincing them that they could have breakfast in the kitchen.
The TV screen is on with sounds and lights painting the room, but Dean isn't focused on the action there. His eyes stare at Cas' right hand grabbing a handful of popcorn while he still chews with his cheeks full… With his left hand Cas lightly scratches his beard, short but longer than he used to keep… It's such a simple gesture and so absently human that it captures all of Dean's attention. Cas is wearing a T-shirt, and his arms are exposed, legs sprawled on the edge of the bed, wearing jeans… It's Cas… Castiel. And yet it's a new version of him, without all the bells and whistles. An okay weird guy, a dorky little guy, a handsome guy and…
Charlie perks up.
Dean suggests, with a smug smile
Amara puts her hand on Jack's shoulder and he immediately feels an avalanche that shook his whole body. A noisy crowd seems to infiltrate Jack's head and a high-pitched buzzing crosses his ear. Amara removes her hand and everything returns to the previous calm.
Why does she look confused?
prophesied by Billie won't come and bite their asses before they can protect themselves, before they can sense what's approaching them… He's not optimistic about that.
In the middle of the night, Dean sits in the kitchen attacking half of the apple pie, Cas is at his side, staring at Dean eating every mouthful of the pie, until his gaze is lost elsewhere... Dean has seen that expression before, when Cas contemplated his possible midlife crisis (an age still undetermined, but extremely old) after Claire ran away from him.
Charlie looks fascinated, watching and pointing to the inside of the computer, after leaning on the surface of it.
Jack is stunned. He had felt a fraction of what it would be like to carry the weight of Chuck's power and barely recognized himself. He can still feel Amara's pulsing power around him and knows he has a choice to make. Jack is afraid, as he had not been since the first moment he saw himself on Earth and had to grow up fast to feel more secure.
Castiel isn't sure what he still needs but doesn't have for human life.
more easily. Now he didn't have to swallow it. He places the small sphere in the center of his hands and closes it, cupping it, concentrating on the image of The Garden. When he brings his hands close to his chest, he pushes the sphere inwards and with the awakening of a light, the small object starts to be in it, without difficulty. When Jack opens his eyes, he is standing in the middle of The Garden.
Castiel speaks unfazed by the fact.
Sam puts a hand on his brother's shoulder.
path, crying. Dean Winchester is crying with a big grin as he thinks he's being silly about it, but it doesn't matter. Dean is satisfied,
Castiel feels his face heat up, he frowns against this reaction.
Dean shifted uncomfortably in his chair. Cas' eyes looked more droopy, his eyebrows arched, he seemed to apologize silently.
----------------------------------------
she says with an expression of disgust.
, which makes Cas let out a light laugh.
This is something Dean is sure of, because Cas would have heard every prayer he made trying to reach him, he would have felt Dean like every time before, and Lucifer knew it... Lucifer knew how to stop Cas from reaching him, how to silence the request to an angel... And he must have got everything ready before he was sent back to Hell. Dean wants to hug Cas, but restrains himself so as not to make the moment any awkward.
Dean has a tremor in his voice, but his body is finally able to relax. Without even thinking about it, he lets Cas' head rest on his chest and with his left hand he caresses Cas' neck, feeling his hair, comforting him.
Despite this excerpt, this chapter is mostly devoted to Sam and Dean. And although it is a story with a happy ending, one passage may resonate due to a specific line from 'Carry On' (but it is a brief thing and this is a happy story). Nobody dies.
The rose is a little smushed and with petals falling off. Cas looks down and says quietly.
Sam shrugs
Dean sends Cas a look, almost like an unspoken question:
"You certainly fulfilled a good part of that plan, but, Jack, you are not Chuck" Amara says firmly "Nor could it be."
Amara remembers being hurt by Michael, Raphael, Gabriel and Lucifer. The last was her definitive executioner, putting her in the cage and carrying her mark. That curse was more Chuck's work than Amara's own product. Chuck with his way of twisting the universe in his favor.
Two days later, Cas and Dean are taking the Foosball to the future
Dean sighs.
. They hear the Bunker's door open, and Sam and Eileen go down the stairs, while Miracle follows them. Soon they will be there too.
Dean says while he is still in her embrace.
Charlie takes a deep breath and squares his shoulders.
Sam is careful
Dean stares at his hand holding the flower for a few seconds, not knowing how to react. He could make a joke out of it, but he can only see the little marks on Cas' fingers, where the thorns have scratched and pierced, and how he's still holding the flower somewhat insecurely. Dean reaches out and takes it carefully.
Dean flinches and swallows. He prayed a few times in his life, but most of the time he prayed only to reach one of the only beings he trusted entirely, even after dark times. Cas had asked him to trust Jack years ago, and so many times later... This time Jack asks Dean to trust him by alluding to the one act that connected him to Cas when they were both separated and lost from each other.
Dean leans over to Cas, who wanders his eyes over Dean's lips. It is fast and both are not interrupted. Dean presses his lips to Cas', and they kiss, slowly accepting each other, accepting what's going on. The kiss becomes more intense as they feel each other, the correspondence, the time spent with so much miscommunication and silence now pushing them closer.
Cas speaks with his face now sunk in the blanket next to Dean's neck.
Jack takes a deep breath, he shouldn't have known all that. He should not remember so many worlds and so many faces, and he touched only a thousandth of everything that he contains in himself. Amara understands better than any other being could. She and Chuck were always connected in a way, even when the connection between them seemed non-existent, because there was no other being who looked at the beginning of the world as they did. For humans, it is incomprehensible, on a certain level, to separate form from essence, but Amara and Chuck existed beyond any simple understanding of existence. Even if they die, the power they carry is eternal and the only way to keep everything created so far stable.
Sam starts, with puppy eyes
The next day Dean and Sam will go out to investigate a case, possibly involving witches, and Cas will continue looking for Kelly Kline... However, today they can just spend their time like that, with a fun movie, popcorn, some beers and a place in which none of the other problems can get in, not yet… Today Cas is there and Dean will let go of his restless worries, because Cas has chosen to be with him once more.
Dean seems to consider.
in their minds… But because neither of them allowed their imagination to progress so that they understood what those feelings could be if they were corresponded in
Remembering that period still causes Jack pain, but he says it with such embarrassment that it is almost funny.
Sam then coughs and tries to bring the matter up for priority issues.
Cas tilts his head, his next words would come out soft.
Dean doesn't believe it, Cas was the one who would pay the highest price for their victory and is there trying to comfort him.
Dean thought about them watching a movie in his bedroom, but Cas called him as soon as he got the laptop. They walk down one of the Bunker's corridors, Dean has already been to that part of the place and he knows that the room Cas is going to has a pile of furniture and boxes, possibly things that the Men of Letters owned and hoped to accommodate in the Bunker before them being interrupted by Abbadon. Sam and Dean promised to organize that room after finishing the inventory of magical objects, but since the first goal was not completed, they came to the conclusion that whatever was in there could wait.
Castiel wants to make things right this time, and he needs to know that Dean doesn't doubt him anymore, and he knows, but still... They're taking small steps not knowing exactly which direction they're going, he thinks, but at least he feels that things are getting better.
It's like a big break, a pretty damn big win that they all deserve and want to enjoy.
Dean interrupts
And then he gives Dean the most insecure look that a being with his power could have.
Dean waves less surprised than the rest of them.
while he's with his arm outstretched, holding a beer towards Dean.
Cas' first response was a hesitant look, and he seemed to scoff to himself, staring at his hands, before swallowing and looking directly at Dean.
"Is she managing to make a video call straight from Hell?" Dean looks a little surprised.
Dean's heart raced against his will. No, he wasn't the one who would make Cas truly happy… He meant, he could humor Cas, make him smile a few times, but "true happiness" felt like something big, too big to be just because of Dean... And it was something Cas thought he couldn't have, so... Nah. Sometimes Dean had this feeling that there was something more between them... Cas sure cares, they had a profound bond he said in the past... And once, when Cas was dying, he said "I love you... I love all of you."... For a moment Dean suspected that first "I love you." it was more to him than to anyone else in that barn… But, it couldn't be… And even if it did, there were many forms of love... Dean never said I love you, but he knew that…
The end of the sentence almost raises a question, as if he were seeking acceptance of the word.
With an almost melancholy smile, Dean complements.
She hesitates.
Cas points.
Dean uses the smoothest voice he can.
I've been writing it as an exercise, so it's possible that there are errors that have passed without me realizing it. I'm not really sure about the final product of this story, but I leave it here. I hope it was on some level a good read, at least.
Dean corrects.
Cas said softly. Too soft for Dean to maintain any good wit posture. This idiot would make him look like an idiot one of these days, Dean thought.
Cas' eyes widen with some realization and Dean can sense the moment when a thought crossed Cas' mind and left him embarrassed. He takes two steps back away from Dean and starts to raise his hands as if to apologize before he even starts to speak.
Sam laughs with a little nervousness.
Mia notes a little sharply.
he could want more than what he got.
Cas replies, placing his hand on Dean's shoulder.
She looks a little nervous too.
In the corner of Dean's mind, countless preconceived guilt and insecurities come together to threaten him.
For the first time
Amara says firmly
Dean is helpless.
Dean swallows.
Dean interrupts him.
"Sam laughs. Castiel slept more than twelve hours straight after becoming human, but he looks fine despite the confusion after waking up. Eileen and Jack went out in the morning to shop at the supermarket, and Sam received a text message from her, letting him know that they stopped to buy food for lunch and that Jack wanted to stop for ice cream too.
Castiel, less than five minutes ago, still felt that his body was firm and his mind would never escape the repeated moments of pain and suffering that seemed to be his only destiny. Now, however, he feels as powerful as he did not feel at least ten years ago. He manages to arch his wings again, they are intact and perfect. He missed the ease that his wings represented, but a part of him is in conflict, as he has not realized until now that he is no longer used to them being part of his identity today. Progressively in a still strange way, Castiel had become very similar to the humans he started to care for and live with.
Charlie tries to sound disinterested in this last part, but without much subtlety. Kevin just raises an eyebrow at her.
Cas says quietly.
And Dean presses the button for the movie to start.
Castiel is thoughtful and Charlie and Kevin are speechless. They glance at each other, then Charlie breaks the silence.
Castiel knows that although they're apparently okay, a few weeks ago he wasn't the least bit kind to Kevin, he gave the
Cas is thoughtful for a while, until he seems to ponder a few scenarios before answering.
Jack wanted to start asking if Jody, Donna and the girls planned to arrive a little early to help prepare for Dean's surprise birthday, but they hear the sound of footsteps and two voices arguing from the hall.
Dean isn't sure he can just assume that, due to Garth's tone.
He says, and Dean thinks maybe his shoulders have slumped a little.
Cas seemed to swallow the words again. Then his eyes wandered to Dean's expression, who was firmly waiting. He inhaled air before continuing.
Sam lowers his shoulders.
expression, but before answering, Castiel, who has been rummaging through the room, starts talking casually, as if reciting simple and obvious facts.
Amara looks through Jack and he feels that she sees all the layers of history that have gone through that place until she arrives at the time of her arrest.
Jack ponders that question and answers it with the sincerity that is still his greatest characteristic "I don't know, I should defeat Chuck, I think. Die for it if it were the case and save my dads, my friends and the world... But now I know that Chuck's power still exists, is still here ” Jack gestures to himself, Amara and the entire Garden.
a male voice responds.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean is taken by surprise, as he was with his low guard. His eyes go to the beer label, and he begins, without realizing it, to tear off small pieces of paper. When he looks up, he manages to smile at Sam affectionately.
Then Dean leans over to kiss Cas, the vulnerability of the moment holds their breath while Cas puts his hand on the back of Dean's neck. There is an unspoken intimacy there, and the assurance that they are well, that none of them will disappear as they close their eyes. The kiss ends and they move away a little.
Jack doesn't know how to explain what's going on inside him to the Winchesters, but he does know that they are his family, or hopes they still are, so he tries to stay together. He needs time and needs to find out what is possible (and what seems impossible) and there is no way the Winchesters can help with that directly. What Jack can do for them right away is to bring the people of the world back, save his friends and keep them safe until he comes back... At least he would like to be able to go home.
Dean is confused.
Amara ponders the issue with her hand on her chin.
Sam smiles softly.
Dean starts not sure what he means.
She then makes a gesture, and her makeup and hair changes instantly.
Sam now laughs, but pats Dean on the back, warmly.
After hitting the road, only Dean and Sam at Impala 67, as they hadn't done in a while, decided to stop at a bar to play pool, betting money just for the fun of seeing their opponents' surprised and upset faces. Sam made sure to assure Dean that they didn't have to hurry to get to Krissy. He wanted his brother to enjoy that trip, because he knows that Dean doesn't miss the problems, but he does miss the old days on the road. No matter how much Dean has changed, he hasn't stopped loving what he loved before Chuck lost.
Dean says taking his cell phone out of his pocket and taking a picture of the two.
It's almost two in the morning, Dean still can't sleep, he remembers Ishim's words about curing Cas of his “human weakness” as he walked with an angel’s blade towards him… Cas' face, bruised, beaten, the blood running down... Dean wishes he had been the one who killed Ishim, he wishes he could have taken him with his bare hands... Ishim made him fear for Cas, once again Dean's heart couldn't contain itself, he could never choose to risk Cas’ life like that, if he was responsible for the death of the angel, his best friend, his… No. Dean takes a deep breath, turns over on the bed lying with his back completely pressed to the mattress, facing the ceiling for a few minutes, he needs to empty his head. Cas is recovering, Lily has given up on revenge, and Ishim is dead... Now they just need to find Kelly Kline, and hope that the
Cas seems unfazed by any of the previous conversation. He just keeps looking at the television, but now with a reflective look, then turns to face Dean and smiles slightly at him as he pushes the bucket towards him. There's almost nothing in there.
Jack says everything very spontaneously, but in his head he wonders if he could draw a parallel with Star Wars to make more sense.
Dean gets up from his chair and leaves the room. Castiel remains staring at the door, maybe Dean has gone to get more beers. When he returns, he brings pillows and a blanket with him.
Jack was looking at her very carefully.
Dean chokes a little, then pulls himself together.
Jack is anxious because a part of him really wants to just believe in that possibility, without being afraid to take the risk.
Dean has a smug smile.
Dean puts his train of thought back on track. He needs to thank Cas, but a part of him wants to take this opportunity to get a little more. Usually, when there is something to be resolved, Cas will go away and try to solve what he can, but at least for now, if he feels like he can help here, maybe he'll stay longer… And Dean wants to enjoy it a little more, because
Dean nodded seriously.
Dean hesitates, facing the pizzeria, meters ahead, as if the static place offers an inner mystery.
Charlie points out.
he sighs
Dean had said the other day.
Castiel narrows his eyes.
Sam, Dean and Cas practically scream together and are surprised.
Jack is not like Chuck, he is not like the Archangels and he looks much more like the Winchesters, including the honorary member Castiel, than with those beings who should have been his family. She is impressed with what she felt when she was connected to Jack.
But this time it was Dean who raised his hand so as not to be interrupted.
Dean said more like a question. Cas nodded.
, a useful tool to complete
Two days ago, when Charlie arrived at the Bunker, Castiel was nervous. He never met her in person, but he heard the stories through Sam and Dean… Dean had mentioned she was like the little sister they never had, and she looked like someone formidable. Castiel knows that someone the Winchesters choose to trust and call family is someone he already feels inclined to do the same for.
Dean grunts to himself, then takes a deep breath and decides to look at Cas again.
Donna comes over and hands Dean a gift, a rectangular box. Then, she whispers to him.
Dean rolls his eyes.
She makes a gesture by rolling her eyes
They park Impala 67, and before they leave, Sam moves Dean's box of tapes, he arches an eyebrow when he finds a mixtape with a tag identifying the
Cas, without saying anything, nods softly as if he agrees with the question. Dean runs a hand over Cas' cheek.
Dean tries to make a serious face, frowning. Cas nods in response. Dean then smiles and turns his body to the rest of the room.
Jack asks with anxious eyes.
Dean continues to smile widely, but nods because he just wants his brother to be comfortable.
Jack raises his hands with an innocent look.
Dean exchanged a smile with Cas, pulling out of his thoughts. The bottles' glasses touched. Everything was fine for today, and that's enough… Being with Cas like this was enough for him… It should be, although there was something else missing… Being with Cas was always enough and insufficient in the same song. It was at this point that Dean stopped asking himself questions, because that insufficiency drew a door in front of him. A door that Dean didn't dare touch, moving forward so he could find whatever it was behind, so he could explain it in words that would shape what was missing… He faced that door without telling himself why he still needed more from himself as much as Cas.
She speaks very calmly and without resentment.
Then Cas' shy smile spreads and widens, and he opens his jacket, pulling out a hidden rose.
Castiel nods, still speechless and with his fist hiding the ring. Amara waves a hand. "And take care of Dean... You know." and with a smirk she disappears.
And Cas opens his eyes a little wider, tilts his head slightly and then pushes the plate towards Dean, who picks it up and doesn't take long to take a bite.
And Cas talks like he's just pointing out facts, and manages to sound more genuine in the final question than Dean thought possible, even though he still sounds a little defensive as well.
Dean asks defensively, unsure if his face is giving in to what he doesn't want to think about at the moment.
Cas stated.
Sam snorts with his shoulders lowered.
And Dean sits back down on the floor next to Cas, the tension from before already dissipated.
or go straight to
And with a wink, Rowena closes the connection.
Cas says in a voice again serious, but still apprehensive.
Dean raises the beer offering to toast it with Sam.
Dean is surprised.
Sam hears the Bunker's door open and Dean comes down the stairs after taking Miracle in his arms. Dean looks soft and comfortable holding the dog down the steps, careful not to lose his balance.
Charlie seems to be special to Dean and Sam, someone whose safety affects them personally and whose presence lights up where she is... Castiel can't see her aura, the energy that emanates from human souls, as he no longer has his powers, but he could feel the lighter mood reflected in Dean's warm smile and hearing him laughing at something they were talking about as he walked down the stairs with her, with her bags on his shoulder... She approaches, her red hair falling over her shoulders and a wide smile as she uses her fingers to smooth her bangs, and Castiel no longer wonders how that human being couldn't be copied by the leviathans in all her integrity.
--------------------------------------------
He sighs.
Cas shook his head slightly, looking slightly surprised and confused, an almost imperceptible smile tugging at the corner of his mouth. Dean noticed this and cleared his throat before speaking.
Sam looks embarrassed.
Dean babbles.
Jack hears Dean calling him and the invitation in his voice to return to the Bunker makes him happy. He can look at Dean now and see thousands of versions of his life, and all of his memories and sufferings, his smallest and brightest joys (albeit brief). It’s too much for one human to carry. However, Jack feels that something between them has been fixed, not entirely, but it is a small bridge of humanity that still connects them to a common path. Maybe Dean isn't fully aware of it now, because there are so many urgent matters in his mind and heart, but a part of him is willing to try.
Dean says with great excitement as he gets up and hugs Sam.
Dean gives Jack a slight nod, who nods back confidently. Of course, he can't be absolutely sure of anything, but he saw enough in Amara to judge that her intentions were true.
Jack had just absorbed Chuck's powers, but it wasn't just that. He had encountered power before, his own when he was born as a Nephilim and a different power, acquired from another source, when he consumed Michael's grace. However, this new experience is different.
Cas shook his head and arched his eyebrows, then let out a sigh.
Kevin says a little bitter, not so much humor in his voice.
Dean almost rolled his eyes.
And then Dean does that, which was unthinkable for Cas and that until just a few days ago was unthinkable for Dean too. Not that they didn't feel it before, or that their imagination had not, in their own way, painted some
Kevin looks up.
Charlie looks both worried and relieved to hold Steve's hand.
She sighs.
He nods.
And before Dean could respond or make his panic more evident, another male voice interrupts him.
Dean tightens his fingers on the steering wheel, and blinks for a second. It's not that, but some memories of him when he was a teenager and realized he was attracted to men and women, with a slight panic about what his father might think, return to the surface. He shakes his head.
Dean leaves the kitchen quickly, they stare at each other for a brief moment until Dean returns with his jacket. The jacket which Cas had left his handprint on before he was sucked into the Empty, the last mark Castiel left on Earth is in Dean Winchester's hands.
Cas smiles and regains his posture on the bench.
Cas says with a smile, then he puts a hand to his chin considering what else he can say.
That is enough for Dean to shout
Cas says like it's no biggie.
Castiel tries to point out factually.
Dean asks, slightly surprised.
And the conversation gets lost for Castiel, because none of that means much to his understanding… Maybe he should look for Tolkien's books in the library later. For now, the only thing he can think of is that those two humans were essential to helping clean up the mess he'd caused in the world, the first of them... And that in the end, he wasn't even able to protect Dean from being dragged to Purgatory.
he lets out in a mutter.
And Cas was almost sweet.
Cas chooses the word calmly, his tone assuring him that everything is fine.
He smiles.
"This possibly wouldn't be the strangest thing that happened over there." Cas adds this observation."
Cas said simply, exhaling between them but holding back his apprehension at the unspoken response.
, but he catches himself and chooses other words.
Charlie mends the words on a train that Dean predicts could go far if he doesn't call her back.
Dean tries to smile, but he is clearly nervous as he taps his fingers on the counter.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Dean starts to tease him, and Cas, even though he knows it's just a joke, can't help a little bit of jealousy, which he won't admit.
Then Dean tilts his head and smiles, like he's making a big offer with his eyebrows.
Castiel tilted his head, sure that flying to hell would be faster and more reliable than the terrible signal reception in hell, but he was already used to putting human procedure first without resistance.
" Dean looks at Sam directly, they take a moment to process this.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cas said quietly. Dean decided to face him again, but this time with a little more gentleness.
Eileen intervenes.
Sam is looking at Jack with some concern. Jack also sees Sam clearly for the first time. Sam keeps pains as deep as Dean's, hidden under so many layers, and yet he tries to maintain a tenderness on the surface that makes access to his positive emotions a little easier. However, he has buried himself so much that perhaps the youngest Winchester cannot identify all of his fractures, as well as his strength alone. They deserve more than the constant punishment they inflict on themselves for the mistakes they have made in the past.
Dean started with a bit of exasperation rising in his voice.
" Jack raises both eyebrows leaving the suggestion in the air.
And Amara touched his face tenderly.
Dean raises his eyebrows in warning, he knows that something is wrong, that something is bothering him.
Amara takes Jack's hand and turns the palm upward, running her finger over its lines.
Dean gives up on sleeping, well what can he do? They don't plan on going out on a case for the next day, so if he needs to, he can take a nap later. He sits up in bed, running a hand through his messy hair. But what can he do now? Well, Cas never sleeps, and he must still be in the Bunker… Sometimes he leaves without warning or without giving much details, however, since they returned from the mission to help Benjamin, Cas seems to need a while before returning to look for Kelly or anything like that. A part of Dean wants him to stay longer, in the end it's their home, Cas' too, at least that's how Dean wants him to feel, but… Hell, he already said he needed him and Cas left anyway, so… But the only time he seemed willing to stay any longer, Dean had to send him away...
"‘Dean Winchester was wrong’ he thinks now, for good, as he hears his family wishing him congratulations, with Patience taking some pictures and Cas close by hugging him. Everyone has fun and tells jokes, talking banalities... But in the case of this family, banalities involve telling about the time that fairies were a national threat or when a werewolf once had to remove all teeth, or when vampires pretended to be vampires to attract people who wanted to be attracted to vampires. It is the normality that Dean knows and wants to share with others."
Cas says as he sets the table on the floor. Sam went shopping, and only Dean and Cas stayed at the Bunker.
Dean is not angry, he is exasperated.
Castiel does not have a ready answer for this. As well as the lack of his wings, riding in a car, shopping, buying food, drinking beer, watching movies… All of this became part of him, and although he still feels strange between angels and humans, Castiel had finally found the familiarity in being who he is, close to the people he loves, and those people are human… He just started wanting to walk at the same pace as them, and every time he noticed Dean’s aging, for example, he allowed his body to advance the same time stage. He didn't want Dean or Sam to look at him and feel that he wasn't one of them... Although that sounded ridiculous, because Castiel is certainly not human...
But she smiles when she ends.
Claire says faking outrage.
She says almost rolling her eyes.
Jack nods.
Kaia laughs at the ingenuity and joy in Jack's expression when he looks at Dean and Cas together.
And Cas nods with conviction, as if ready to break through the walls and rebuild the place if need be.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Amara snaps her fingers, much to Sam and Dean's brief panic, mainly, their bodies are already reacting to that little gesture as if it is the firing of a deadly weapon. In the same second Castiel shines and his chest moves as if he were finally able to breathe without any problem.
Dean caught himself, frowning and drawing his brows together as if inwardly scolding himself for making it this far, then continued.
, as he hears his family wishing him congratulations, with Patience taking some pictures and Cas close by hugging him. Everyone has fun and tells jokes, talking banalities... But in the case of this family, banalities involve telling about the time that fairies were a national threat or when a werewolf once had to remove all teeth, or when vampires pretended to be vampires to attract people who wanted to be attracted to vampires. It is the normality that Dean knows and wants to share with others.
Dean smiles, arching his eyebrows.
And Sam smiles at Dean.
Amara says in a firm voice.
Sam speaks more seriously than Dean expected.
Cas recites thoughtfully.
She offers him a reassuring smile.
Cas stared at Dean with his mouth a little open. He recovered and clenched his jaw, after some thought he decided to share another concern.
And then Ketch recites a series of numbers and addresses.
And that's all Dean manages to say without giving too much away, but letting a not-always-appearing softness fill the sound of those words.
Jack swallowed the cereal to reply
Cas tilts his head, and squints his eyes and brows in confusion.
Cas opens his mouth, his first instinct is to answer
As he speaks, Dean arranges the place for them to sit in the way he suggested. He then smiles at Cas and turns the body to the empty wall in front of them.
Cas said that as if his decision were absolute, without remorse.
They have the laptop, the popcorn bucket and some beers in front of them. He needs to choose a movie. He thinks of the options in front of him, the Netflix catalog is so vast, it feels like it's going to take forever before he finds something to watch. Suddenly he sees a blue image that catches his eye.
Dean takes a step forward, his look is inquisitive.
Sam's eyes are open with surprise and interest.
She says, sighing, but smiles.
Dean breathes
Cas surrenders and lowers his plate, looking for a dish towel to dry his hands.
Claire gives Castiel her gaze again.
The floor of the Bunker trembles, Eileen positions herself as if she is ready to defend against any being that threatens them, as does Sam, who holds one of his magic books in hand just in case… Deep down, they know that if the Empty appears to destroy them, there may not be much that can be done.
2. This story started because I saw a post saying that Claire and Jack never met, so I wanted to write the kitchen scene, but I ended up thinking too much about everything that would have to happen for them to get there ... And then I ended up thinking about what would come next
Kevin says leaving the war room with Charlie following him.
Dean says, raising his voice.
He says only by reporting a fact.
Sam manages to recover from the surprise.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Sam's cell phone flashes with a message. Cas is asking if they have arrived yet and whether the road trip was a good one. Sam realizes that he and Dean spent more time than planned talking and standing in the same place. They put things away and go back to Impala.
Crowley is annoyed.
Claire reciprocates with a wry smile and she and Kaia leave their backpacks in the corner of the table while they sit down.
Dean looks terrified, they all freeze for an instant.
Dean starts pacing the basement. He doesn't want to be there, he doesn't want to have to wait, however, there is nothing he can do other than that.
Jack recites his years of study briefly, trying to understand his own nature.
Dean puts a hand on Cas' shoulder and with a smile takes him to the stove.
Dean turns to face her.
Jack quickly waves his hands in front of Amara
And at the same time the two are in another universe. The sky inexplicably close, with soft clouds that seem to dissipate without the wind. There are thousands of stars, literally blinking, and eventually there appear to be small, bright, colorful explosions.
Sam sighs as well “
Then Sam answers the call.
And Dean lets his voice trail off a little, softening.
Garth says timidly, swallowing,
Cas says as if something in him has lit up and woken up, the only word filling the room.
and he had returned home when everything seemed to be lost and he brought with him a hope that they would be able to rescue Cas from the shit of deal that the angel made without telling him.
And Castiel exchanges a glance with Dean, who holds his gaze before moving suddenly, feeling the armchair become uncomfortable.
Sam says
Dean doesn't seem to fully understand the situation.
Dean seems to come back from a reverie.
He wanted to curse Cas, wanted to fight someone and break something... But he just managed to move on enough to finish the job they needed to finish and then keep a little hope, because he wouldn't be himself if he didn't fight until the end.
Amara wanted to have the right to express the power of which she was formed, nothing more and nothing less than that was her initial desire when walking on Earth... But, this planet and these fragile beings are capable of awakening feelings that she herself did not know how to be able to feel. Even if it is not how a person feels, anyway. However, that tenderness born of the ability to appreciate everything that she could not be still dwelt in her, and that, of course, included the humanity.
Dean dropped his head before turning it toward Cas.
Dean grabs Cas' left arm, which is more visible. He pulls with all his strength, making faces.
and then Dean blinks
Cas pondered.
Claire teases with a raised eyebrow.
Kevin rolls his eyes.
And then he held Cas' gaze until he deflected it, taking a sip of beer as if it were something casual
She knows he has his doubts, the boy is innocent, but smart enough to be suspicious of an almost perfect offer, and yet he chose to trust what he saw and felt in her. Amara could be heard and seen like never before, and the final sentence was not to be cornered and trapped, it was not betrayal under the suspicion that she would lose control of so much power... On the contrary, Amara was recognized as capable, her growth up to that moment and her small changes while on Earth were valued... And Amara wants to live up to that, because maybe for the first time she can find a role for herself that isn’t assigned by others and at the same time it isn’t just about her.
Cas wanted to argue that he never fully fixed what he destroyed when he tried to take on the role of God… That he could never repair the pain he caused Sam, and Dean… He couldn't forget his bruised face, the blood and the plea that he saw it in Dean's gaze when Naomi forced Castiel to hurt him… But, Castiel doesn't say any of that. He accepts Dean's forgiveness, because that's the only way for him to continue by his side, since he's already tried to punish himself for everything he couldn't change, only to witness Dean not giving up on him, fighting so he could go home... Dean asked for Cas, with words and with yearning, even when unspoken, and Cas can no longer deny himself choosing to be with Dean, it's what he wants, and exactly what he thinks he's not worthy anymore, after each one of his mistakes.
she asked, her voice softening.
before Castiel cut him off, raising his hand for calm. Dean didn't know if he shut up because he accepted the request or because the energy that would come out of him was still bubbling up.
He walks around until he reaches the seats, squeezing their material.
Cas keeps his eyes closed, more asleep than awake.
Cas started out carefully.
Sam and Kevin interrupt at the same time, and Charlie just half smiles and nudges him with her elbow.
Dean asks while Sam and Eileen prepare the rest of the ingredients for the spell.
Dean sighs.
Dean tried to get his attention.
Then Dean shakes his head slightly and sighs.
Dean is on one knee, body tense. He starts breathing and relaxing again. Okay, he was sleeping next to Cas… It wasn't the first time something like this had happened. However, Cas continues to glimpse him, not in an intense and inquisitive way, but with a softness that has Dean close to blush.
Then Dean swallowed and responded a little lower than he should have.
Dean hears someone clear their throat and his attention moves to the person sitting next to him. Kevin has a raised eyebrow, a frown that says
Amara shakes her head slightly
His voice shakes.
---------------------------------------------------------------
He uses one hand to dismiss the matter.
Cas tries to keep an unreadable face, but ends up smiling too.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Maybe one day, Dean thought... Maybe one day he’d be able to ask Cas again what the answer to his true happiness was, and Cas would answer without fear of having what he wanted... A small hope, which Dean no longer wanted to recognize, spread warm in his chest. Perhaps he would be able to face that door without fear of moving forward, he would approach knowing he deserved that place, allowing himself for the first time to open the door and find the words he missed to describe what he wanted to be truly happy too... If something like that were possible for someone like him... And maybe, if that happens, Dean wouldn't be alone when he decided to open that door… Could good things happen to him? Dean thought again about his family, catching a glimpse of Cas beside him, and told himself
Kevin gives a half smile a tenth more humorous than his previous comment.
Sam asks everyone's attention, and Dean teases him about wanting to give a speech.
This should be the last chapter.
Dean practically shouts.
Amara sighs
he says, and he can laugh about it.
Dean appears with a mug of coffee, and Sam and Eileen are awakened by Jack. Some of the phones start to ring.
Dean's heart speeds up when a stain on the wall begins to form. Jack's eyes shine with steaming gold and he holds out his right hand toward that spot.
Two days ago Charlie arrived at the Bunker and did a lot more than just fix a computer. Castiel and Dean need to talk about something between the two of them.
speech and he wasn't the least bit kind when he used those words or his hands on him... And Kevin is exhausted. Castiel now understands how much human exhaustion can weigh, it weighs on the bones, the flesh, every part of the body, but it weighs on the mind and feelings in a way that Castiel has so far not been able to digest. The earthly experience, in a human vessel, was already intense in itself, but nothing compares to actually feeling everything at once, without a filter, without a healing process and without being able to silence every physical or other need that insists on making an interior noise. It's disconcerting. And Kevin lost his mother in the process, Castiel can't imagine the pain of that loss, just thinking about it something scratches and squeezes, reducing the space in his lungs.
Cas kept his expression steady, but a shadow hovered there…apart from a few sad spots in his blue eyes.
Cas says with an insecure voice.
The excitement reached Dean before Castiel's caveats.
Kevin says.
(or something like that). Dean is absently humming the Frozen song
Sam starts.
Charlie grins.
Dean feels bad, for many reasons. He couldn't react to Cas' loss, he couldn't fight, think or say anything useful in those moments before he found himself alone and sitting on the floor, with his face on his knees and crying... He still hadn't discovered that the world had become an immeasurable loneliness, but at that moment it was as if he had lost any chance of moving forward. Not only did Cas leave the basement and an empty chair in front of him, it was as if a part of him had been sucked in while Cas kindly still offered him a smile and a new world with words of welcome full of... love.
Jack had said goodbye to the Winchesters, two of his parents and two of the people he loves most in his life, but the farewell was colder than he wished. He couldn't explain exactly why, but he knows that Sam and Dean somehow realized that Jack was not just Jack at the time.
"She is a very efficient Queen, apparently." Sam shrugs "Maybe she really can get Amazon to deliver there after all."
Mia speaks while trying to be didactic, but she emphasizes the terms that sound like offensives spoken by hunters' mouths.
according to Dean Winchester.
He was blunt, but then he let out a breath and flinched. Cas was sad, which apparently was a step further from damnation, yet…
Cas has no words. He never looked more confused than he does now.
Jack says wiping his palms on his shirt.
Castiel smiles, his eyes not following this movement. He remembers breathing as he admires Dean at his side, filling his hand with popcorn. They are in this cycle: Dean forgives him and Castiel saves him, like last time, by deciding to kill Billie. Neither of them is willing to give up on the other, neither of them will put their stubbornness aside for now, as they have very strong wills, and in most cases, they tend to have more compassion for the other than for themselves…
He had already done something similar, not just once… The whole problem with Michael came from a deal in an attempt to save their family. Dean's shoulders sagged, he looked at Cas and a part of him split there, a part of him saw what Castiel had done as if he had made the decision himself. However, he couldn't be okay with it, he's seen this movie before and the ending wasn't a good thing.
The world has changed, and that change was still progressing. Who would have guessed that they would still have so many problems to solve? Not that it was an obligation, but it was kind of... The Winchesters didn't hide from the responsibilities they could assume. They still have work to do.
Dean hears Castiel speak in a low, tired voice. Dean closes his eyes and in that second everything is fine.
Jack shouts, feeling that the noise inside the Empty is stilling. And it isn't just noise, it is like waves hitting everyone... Maybe the whole world will wake up with a migraine the next morning.
And Dean gets out of the car, pulling out a bag of beers and food.
For a second Dean looks really surprised.
, but he doesn't want to risk shouting or looking angry. He doesn't feel angry at Cas, but this situation is complicated… Everything that Dean found himself feeling is complicated. However, he knows he needs to say something this time, as there are too many words stuck in his throat, too many things to ignore and move on.
factor and that Dean could start commenting that he also has his birthday approaching. So Sam thinks quickly about changing the subject.
without carrying any guilt, no burden, no fear, no doubt or price to pay. He feels love and happiness, and that happiness multiplies because Dean is smiling. Dean is happy too and the world is saved for good.
Then Dean sees that Eileen comes over too and grabs Castiel's other arm, both of them pulling until Cas' entire body is ejected from that hole. Sam finishes reciting at the same time and closes the book, he drops it on the floor while rushing to catch Eileen who staggers until she falls into his arms.
He says keeping his body upright and his eyes on the wall that days ago had swallowed Cas to an infinite emptiness, but full of remorse and fear.
Dean peeks out the window, the sky is clear and as they are in the middle of nowhere, the stars are shining without the competition from the city lights. A feeling of nostalgia goes through him.
Sam is more serious now, although the expressions remain calm.
He then creases his forehead and narrows his eyes.
Cas says quietly.
She nods.
Dean clears his throat and runs a hand over the back of his neck.
Sam straightens his stance on the hood, grabbing another beer.
Jack has a bowl full of popcorn for himself. He eats without even realizing it, while with his mouth full, he points to something in the scene, either because he is excited or because he needs an explanation. Jack likes to hear the comments from each of his parents, because Dean answers something as if that thing or speech is the coolest thing (or boring, depending on the movie) that the character could have done, but Castiel usually corrects him by making the meaning of what’s on the screen strictly direct and literal, except when he decides to explore some philosophical allegory, and in turn Sam contextualizes the production of the film and why the director would have chosen such speech, photography and ... It is as if Jack saw multiple movies at once.
says Rowena with a sigh and rolling her eyes.
Charlie's gesture is comfortable and makes Dean not pull his arm or step back. He's among friends… Charlie, Sam, Kevin and Cas… They were part of a family and would protect each other… And that went for everything, monsters or dramas, apparently
Sam says, taking the controller and stopping the image in which the end credits for that episode appear.
Amara puts her hand on her chin
1. Well, this chapter was an accident that I liked to write ... Maybe accidents don't happen accidentally, after all
Amara takes his hands and they both close their eyes. A flowing stream passes through them and Amara and Jack shine. He finally feels what is left of Chuck's power flowing out of him with Amara absorbing everything again.
Dean always carried a marked regret in his eyes when he remembered that moment, even though Castiel had assured him that he understood, Dean felt that he had not been himself at that time and there was no retroactive repair to make up for it.
Sam mumbles.
Jack cannot deny the sincerity recorded in Amara's speech. He nods this time, knowing he is not shirking responsibility and that he and his family still have a lot of work to do to make the world a better and safer place, but that may not include fighting bloodthirsty monsters or prevent a new type of Apocalypse annually.
Dean coughs a little, disguising it badly that he has been discovered.
Dean was sleepless, which happened quite often, even after Michael left his body, and even before… Sleeping more than three or four hours was a great achievement for his body, already unaccustomed to relaxing.
Amara straightens her shoulders
Sam asks Jack with a frown as he sits at the kitchen table. Eileen is on the bench, with her back against Sam's chest while he keeps an arm around her, she wanders her hand over his as a gesture of comfort.
Dean's eyes wide
Cas shakes his hands a little helplessly
Cas was silent long enough for Dean to start worrying about the implications of what he'd said.
Amara seems to catch those thoughts, which Castiel finds to be very invasive on her part. Her eyes open and shine with a certain satisfaction.
, he hears her voice in his mind or somewhere deep inside.
Jack puts more force into his movements, his feet seem to want to sink into the hard floor as he struggles to pull the invisible bond between them and Cas.
He says in a low voice, trying to be casual about it, but quietly.
And Castiel is again visible in the Bunker. Dean's voice calls out to him, his steps going towards him. Castiel thinks about debuting his new wings, but decides to remain petrified as he is. When Dean appears at the entrance, Castiel puts the ring in his trench coat pocket. He has to face some pending issues that seem almost from another life.
-------------------------------------------------------
without further ado or awkwardness, he feels truly invited to follow them.
Cas says nothing, but his eyes shine, not with the power of an angel, but with that human emotion that made him feel warm. They continue glancing at each other with the tension around them bringing them closer.
Charlie to analyze him.
Castiel then takes a deep breath and looks beyond Charlie and Kevin, he recalls the beginnings, talking to other angels, building the world, and everything is somehow untouched inside him, surviving like a second life.
Dean rolls his eyes, then coughs.
Cas repeated, his eyes lighting up again, a soft grin on his face.
Cas breathes clearly with relief.
Cas clarifies.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cas asks.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The other three ask.
Jack is still pondering this situation. He wants to move faster, he wants to go back to the Bunker and let Sam and Dean know about the plan, especially for Dean. But he knows that leaving power to Amara is a big responsibility. What if it again becomes the great evil to be faced? Jack takes a deep breath again. He remembers his first meeting with Amara, how she went in search of the Winchesters to warn them about Chuck's return, how she trusted that their plan would not endanger her, when they already knew it was not true .. Amara may want to take revenge and deceive them, Jack knows that she has done bad things in the past... But he has also made mistakes before. And Castiel and Sam... and even Dean... They all made mistakes and often put the world in danger for that.
Now they are in the Bunker with the projector on. It seems like a scene that has repeated itself so many times, but now it is as if they finally live what that moment is: a banal, but no less valuable part of their lives. They pushed the table away and placed cushions on the floor. Sam and Eileen are very close, from time to time Eileen raises her face to kiss him and for some reason this always seems to make Sam smile cheerful and a little awkward, as if that precious gesture was surprising despite the repetition.
Sam starts making fun of Dean.
Then, Cas appears at the door and Claire gets up more quickly than she wanted to demonstrate, with Kaia following her to embrace them.
They sit on the hood and silently watch the stars. This reminds Dean of years ago, when
Dean speaks with his mouth full of the last piece of pizza he took, letting out a laugh that makes the wrinkles at the corners of his eyes appear.
Dean speaks with his mouth full.
The confession is quick, but not painless. Dean wonders why he finally decided to talk about it now. He certainly could have deflected or avoided the subject with a few excuses and barriers, although he knows how strong Charlie's presence is… But Cas is human now, Cas is living with them, perhaps more permanently… Cas is sharing the kitchen, the bathroom, the library and spending nights watching movies and falling asleep beside Dean… For the first time Cas is a constant, and the whole reality of their relationship, the looks, the closeness, the accidental touches and the not-so-accidental touches… And the desire to hug him, to laugh with him... Everything is more present than it has ever been, and maybe Dean doesn't want to shut it all up, maybe if there's a chance he wants to hear about it... However, he's sure he isn't ready to ask and hear from Cas himself, so Charlie is his best option because she is there asking, leaving everything open and being herself, no awkwardness, no judgment, just his best friend and sister saying he can talk and it is alright.
Cas wants to look at Dean without hesitation, but is not very successful.
Dean coughed a little.
And then Dean looks to the side with something that Sam can't identify.
Dean chokes.
A part of him shivered at those words… And his mind wandered to a quick
and every little joy that came from that seemed distant and incompatible.
Dean lowers his eyes, before looking up again, expressing something that Cas can't describe. A sincere half smile appears on Dean's face.
Dean narrows his eyes.
Amara tilts her head
she replies bluntly.
Sam reaches out to touch Dean's shoulder, he looks up and nods.
As he gets out of the car, Dean pretends to be surprised, almost crossing the line of what is a convincing pretense, and exchanges a look with Sam, who rolls his eyes, but says nothing about having been discovered before. Dean realizes that they are having a barbecue, with Garth helping to serve the meat.
When Cas smiles this time, it's a complete move that affects his entire body. A slight nod, his eyes shining more purposefully, with wrinkles appearing around them… He raises a hand towards Dean, who lets the movement reach him, tilting his head… They can work, he knows… And then their lips collide like a disaster, an awkward encounter that slowly takes the shape of a real kiss... In the next few moments it all makes sense, they feel their hearts beating and their breaths quickening, without seeing where the end is, as they are just beginning.
Jack replies with his mouth full and letting some of the cookie crumbs escape. The truth is that Jack isn’t calm. He appeared in the Bunker after finishing transferring Chuck's power to Amara, and Sam and Dean were surprised and relieved, hugged him and then embarked on a hurried conversation to find out what had happened and how they would rescue Castiel. Now Jack is voraciously discounting in the cookies while the anxiety grows in his stomach.
Bobby seems lost in some memories
Dean says pointing his finger at Cas and winking.
The memory of Kelly always brought a kind of sadness to Jack, even though he was grateful for everything she means to him.
." Castiel says confused, tilting his head.
She holds out her hand, in her palm is a silver ring, the material looks like it was taken from an angel blade, but it is circumscribed with a transparent stone.
Cas coughs a little, his voice hoarse and lower than Dean remembers, his blue eyes half open as if they had trouble looking directly into the light.
Dean, Sam and Cas exchange looks in Jack's direction. He was watching the whole situation, with a little disgust at the tip of his stomach. Jack participated in the decision to heal all monsters, and he knew back then that no matter how promising the consequences were, it could still have a bad side effect for someone. He remembered having his grace taken away from him in a non-consensual way, he was hurt by Lucifer and it cost him a part of who he was. However, he knows that this traumatic experience did not remove him from his main characteristics and did not prevent him from moving forward, but that did not invalidate the fact that it had been difficult and painful... He did not intend to inflict this type of loss on anyone.
Dean bites his lip. Of course he wants to share nice things with Sam too, but for now, he would like it to be just between him and Cas… That somehow, even if indirect, he was the reason Cas decided to stay. After everything that happened, of almost dying, once again, with Billie intending to take him to the Empty and not Heaven (or Hell in the worst case scenario)… Dean wants to have time with Castiel too, he wishes he could ask for that... But he knows he doesn't have that right, yet…
Dean reaches out and touches Cas' hand on the table.
, Dean thinks to himself, but at the same time, there isn't a speck of him, or even any part of his soul, that isn't grateful to be able to call Castiel an idiot affectionately in his mind, knowing he is safe in front of him once again.
Dean says cheerful.
he smiles mischievously, then puts a hand on Rowena's shoulder.
Castiel says with his arms crossed, but his expression is light.
Castiel tilts his head, frowning.
Dean scoffs a little.
Jack is barely three years old. He certainly learns things very quickly and easily compared to an ordinary human, as Jack was never quite an ordinary human. Now, every piece of his body radiates internally with a strange power, that power takes over his body transmitting thousands of small and large knowledge every second. Jack is not comfortable with that and something inside him reacts.
Amara smiles.
"Three days after they beat Chuck and Amara to take control, something happens. During the night Jack wakes up to find Castiel in the map room, both alert because the world has definitely changed, and they can feel it."
Dean says as he approaches.
Cas is laughing too, no matter how much he tries to simulate a disapproval.
, with Jody, Alex, Donna and Patience (Claire and Kaia were leaving New York), as well as Garth and the shapeshifter psychologist Mia Vallens.
Sam centralized the articulation work between hunters and allies who were in a position to provide help, and those who needed help, even if they could not understand all their needs. Mia was contributing to the side of the ex-monsters, getting in touch with those who previously lived among humans, without putting them at risk, and bringing anyone who wanted to participate to the teams. Two months in that process, and it still seems far from over, that was just the beginning.
And Castiel lets out a little laugh.
Sam then intervens
Dean emphasizes the words, frowning in disapproval, before softening his voice again.
Castiel sighs.
Dean opens a smile.
Dean starts.
Dean stops spinning when his vision finds Cas, standing there with his head bowed. He's been watching Dean's reaction intently, and Dean remembers to breathe. Cas has felt he has failed ever since Sam was shot and kidnapped by the British, then Lucifer remained on the loose, Kelly escaped pregnant and he and Sam were captured… However, Dean knows that Cas doesn't need to feel that way… For sure the last few days didn't help, all the mess with Billie didn't help, and Dean wished he could express his concern in another way, but no matter how bad he wants to, sometimes things just come out of him defensively or angrily… And Cas has only been trying to help. Now with this room he has been trying to help Dean, not with the fight against Lucifer, the British, or the next antichrist… He wanted to help Dean have something more for him in his own house, a place where other problems couldn't enter .
And Crowley appears at the bottom of the screen.
Dean forces a cough and then asks if Cas is okay, when he nods, Dean looks at Sam who came over to help them get up.
And all these realizations shudder inside Castiel, every time he sees Dean in full... Because when Castiel put his hand on Dean for the first time, he found the path to salvation he didn't know he needed… It was as if all the rebellion he had tried in the past, but forgotten, had burned away inside him, looking to Dean as the only door to break free… Every other time he disobeyed, there was no one he could look to and find out the rest of the path, no one to reassure him that he could do it right when everyone else saw him as wrong...And maybe all the lost and buried memories, reprogrammed, in Castiel's subconscious, they all found where to look at once, and chose to watch Dean Winchester, to follow him... Maybe that's why he couldn't stop doing it, because if he deciphered Dean, he would decipher himself, his will finding the strength that only that human could carry forward... Castiel burned as he touched Dean, awakening in his old skin, but with a new heart. That, no angel can cut from him... Not Naomi, not Ishim, Lucifer, Metatron or Raphael... What Dean means to him, the change that took place is irrevocable and irreversible, because it came from someone Castiel was already and it had only expanded who he could be... Loving Dean Winchester and choosing him was Castiel's way of rebelling, it was his way of becoming who he is…
