Thor eagerly began pointing back to the screen. “You are in luck Friend Tony, here comes the one that we are all rooting for and that none of us have been able to figure out.” The whole room fell into a hush as the Eagle took to the stage.
“TIN MAN DOESN’T UNDERSTAND. TIN MAN BEING SILLY,” grumbled Hulk, having no trouble in reading the emotions and meaning behind the actions in the scene.
“Did he learn how to fight from his time in the service?” Thor asked, his respect for Watson growing as he watched him continue to hold his own.
Thor pondered Tony’s words for a moment, quickly seeing the wisdom in those words that would befit a ruler. Truly the ability to remain neutral in a situation and to not be swayed until all the evidence had been laid out was one to be envied.
“That made me angry,” Tony ground out behind clenched teeth at the insult to his long dead best friend.
“I had expected that he would ask for me, so in essence I was already prepared for the request.” Tony had thought he was prepared for that meeting but in reality he hadn't been prepared for the way that Blackwood had gotten under his skin.
Bruce sighed, taking off his glasses to clean them as he realised that Tony’s curiosity was going to keep him asking questions. “Thor found it a few weeks ago as part of his research into Midgardian culture and proceeded to question us the next morning about this tradition of people wrapping themselves in disguise whilst putting on a performance worthy of Odin. Of course, none of us had any idea what he meant so the next time it was on, we sat down and watched it with him and now we can’t stop watching it for different reasons.”
Tony smiled fondly at question, it was such a Watson thing to do in the middle of a fight. Although watching the scene made Tony feel bad for dragging Watson into the mess, really, he should have been the one asking if Watson was okay. To this day he still didn’t know why Watson had stuck by him for as long as he did. If he hadn’t faked his death, would they have been friends till the end?
Maybe he could fire a repulsor blast in Loki’s face, Tony thought sullenly as he resigned himself to the fact that it was time to let the demons out of the closet.
Natasha was the first to give her views, she confidently walked up to him and looked him dead in the eyes for an uncomfortable few seconds. With a huff she gave a grin, apparently satisfied with whatever she found in Tony’s gaze.
“See,” Tony said waving his hand in the air, “JARVIS said it himself, it’s a wonder why he hasn't been made an official Avenger yet with all the work that he does.”
“Whilst I find myself agreeing with you Friend Tony in taking this resurrection seriously, you did not need to push your friend so far with bringing in his fair lady,” Thor scolded. Although he did find the comment slightly funny but no one needed to know that.
Tony waved a hand as if mimicking a wand. “They honesty believed that they could influence the course of history through studying the occult and summoning arcane forces.”
“Oh, you’re definitely not impressed with them and you’re basically passively aggressively saying that to keep the conversation going since you don’t actually believe them,” Natasha murmured. She remembered that Pepper had used certain language and phrasing during her time as an assistant. The red head recalled that Pepper had used that phrase four times during a conversation with Hammer as the man refused to take a hint. It made sense now why Pepper used that phrase a lot if she heard it from Tony.
Everyone apart from Tony let out some reaction at the sudden appearance of the man. Bruce’s eyes flashed green for a second, the air became slightly electrified from Thor, Natasha muttered a few Russian swears under her breath, Clint snarled slightly, having a huge disliking for the man and Steve began clutching his hands so tightly that they became pale from lack of blood flow. His heart beating wildly at the sight of the man being so close to his-. No! To Tony. He inwardly cursed his little slip up, wishing that the emotion he had for Tony would stop him reacting so strangely.
Tony winced at the fact that his past actions had riled up the usually in control physicist so much, that his alter ego was in fact calmer in comparison. Bruce was never going to let him live this down or leave his sights ever.
“Aye,” agreed Thor, nodding his head vigorously as he had caught how Natasha was eyeing him. Natasha brought her hand back into view, accepting the explanation but keeping an eye on Thor as the movie once again started.
“What’s wrong with Mary?” Bruce asks with suspicions that he had linked to Mrs Hudson’s words of an engagement that were confirmed at the jealous look that passed over Tony’s face.
Steve couldn't help but remember the time when he chased down the HYDRA assassin straight after his transformation. The scene before him and his own chase were similar in some respects that he wondered what other parts of his and Tony’s lives shared similarities.
“I mean that in this life I created JARVIS who is programmed with the ability to run the same simulations of fights the way that I do in my head. JARVIS is essentially an extension of myself so I wasn’t lying when I said that sort off okay?!” Tony burst out.
“No can do Cap, got some projects that I need to finish up for Pepper so that I can continue to support Thor’s pop tart addiction. I’ll have JARVIS pilot the suit so that you can still do your exercises.”
Natasha watched passively as she observed Tony using an action that he still used to this day. She wondered whether or not back then he had worn the shades to hide his emotions from the outside world like he did today.
“I do not like the sound of that,” Thor grumbled, “he should still be cowering in fear at how you have conquered and topped him!”
Finishing in the bathroom he quickly made sure that he was decent enough to make an appearance to the team, even though over the year they had pretty much seen every part of each other. Tony needed more than two hands to the count the times that he had seen the Hulk naked, it was lucky he was a billionaire so that he could pay for the therapy.
“Do you always have to go around and provoke people in authority? Natasha asked Tony, a small grin on her face as she remembered the last time he had made a fool out of officials.
Steve cleared his throat, breaking the little bubble that Tony and Hulk had seemingly fallen in. “Not that Tony didn’t have the comments coming,” Steve received a dirty look from Tony to which it was ignored, “but do you think you could let him go so that we can continue the movie?”
“If you don’t figure it out by the end of the film, then I’ll explain it too you okay?” sighed Tony, feeling slightly fatigued at all the questions already.
“Well whether or not he’s telling the truth about Tony, he was about the spell. None of the doors or windows will open. I suggest that we just watch the DVD and then work on finding Loki.”
“Yep, the one who loaded the gun is my esteemed colleague John Watson while the other fella is Inspector Lestrade.” Tony answered with a fond smile on his face at the sight of the man he hadn't seen in nearly a hundred years, his smile turning sad when he remembered that his friend was no longer around.
“Figuring out how to use it no, figuring out what it was took a bit longer,” Tony admitted slightly sheepishly.
Tony shifted in his seat, uncomfortable about the reasons why he usually hesitated when drinking or eating with Irene. “Drinking with Irene was mostly a game of roulette. There were several instances were things would spiral out of control if you weren’t careful.”
Steve frowned in confusion. “How can you be sure that they were made by the officers and not someone else?”
Clint barked out a low laugh. “Summoning? I’ve never heard kidnapping described as summoning before, appropriating or borrowing I can get behind but summoning just sounds creepy.”
Bruce watched the dirty man with thinly veiled disgust. “Some drunk not knowing where he’s going I would say.”
Hulk didn’t like the sound of that type of relationship. “DOESN’T SOUND NICE. MORE LIKELY TO GET HURT THAT WAY.”
“You know of it?” asked Tony, disbelief colouring his tone since he had never met anyone who knew of the style.
“What the hell is that?” Tony asked as he came up from his lab after reviewing and signing off on paperwork that Pepper had dropped off.
Steve frowned at the fact that it seemed Tony was never able to lead a normal life in any of his lives but pushed his questions aside to ask a more relevant question. “What exactly is the big deal about Lord Rotheram being the Lord Chief Justice?”
Tony only smiled sadly in confirmation, knowing that his reaction back then hadn’t been to thank Watson. He realised now that in many ways he had taken Watson for granted and wished he had shown his appreciation and thanks for the man much more often.
There came his science bro who was not only accepting Tony but also offering up his help but still being respectful. Tony knew Bruce wouldn't treat him like a science experiment since Bruce wouldn't ever want anyone to go through what he had so Tony felt confident in nodding his consent to Bruce’s request. Clint who was standing next to Bruce was still shaking his head in disbelief although Tony could see that he was starting to come around to the others train of thought.
Tony ducked his head to avoid looking at Bruce. “You may want to keep taking deep, calming breaths and remember that everything I do is for a good reason.”
“That’s a mixture of Latin and Hebrew,” Natasha noticed, recognising the sounds from her studies of languages.
The team all leaned forward in worry as the tension in the room rises considerably. They had all thought that the fight would have been a clear win for Tony and Watson based on what they had already seen in the movie.
“Back then money was slightly different, so those pieces of paper were essentially bank notes,” Tony explained.
“Wait, you said in one of your clues that Hawkeye was the pansiest of the Avengers and that Merida could take his place you bitch!”
“See, that was impolite,” Tony pointed out happily, glad that he could prove he did have some form of manners.
He had sworn to himself that he would never let himself feel this way about another group of people after what happened with Moriarty, but he couldn’t deny that the group of people surrounding him had somehow wiggled their way into his long closed off heart without him realising.
“Stop antagonising him,” Natasha growled. It was the one thing Tony still did today that annoyed her. When he deliberately went out of his way to antagonise the villains and coincidentally made the situation worse. Sometimes he forgot that not everyone had a metal suit to protect them from his inability to think ahead, even though he had demonstrated that he could in fact think ahead.
Natasha noted the desperation in Tony's actions as he attempted to finally stop the French man. She tried not to think what consequences occurred when a fight turned desperate, she had enough physical and emotional reminders that she didn’t need to add any more to her collection.
Steve wondered if he was cursed or if he just honestly had bad luck. Seriously it was bad enough to know that Tony had feelings for someone else that he had yet to get over but for it to be two people was even worse. The woman was so beautiful that Steve had to blink back tears at the thought that he ever stood a chance with Tony when he had been involved with people much better in so many ways than Steve.
Natasha smirked at the safe hidden behind the painting. “That’s the first place any thief would search for money.”
Steve began blushing beet red whilst shooting daggers at Clint, deciding not to answer Clint’s question.
“Indeed Friend Tony, these stories most be told over ale and a feast. We shall see if they rival my own!”
“Come on Friends you must hurry to save the fair maiden,” Thor frowned, his face pinched in worry for the young lady.
Clint was the first one to break the silence that followed Tony’s admission. Everyone else were trying to pick their jaws up from the floor so were currently unable to voice their opinion.
The smile that Clint was sporting from his joke turned wicked as he thought about all the things that he could show the Thunder God. That could be even more fun than the film he thought, not aware of what was yet to come.
Bruce just stared at him wordlessly, some part of him appreciating the advanced warning and some part of him just wanted to shake some sense into his science bro.
“Okay fine,” Tony exclaimed, oblivious to the loss of contact between him and Steve. “I may have made up the last part but I only wanted to see if Watson was aware. I was only looking out for him.”
‘Fuck I hope not or they’ll be able to give their soldiers any mutation they think is useful alongside whatever one they already have,’ Wade visibly shudders.
‘That is crazy,’ she shakes her head, ‘I still don’t fully understand why this is done. Surely there are more productive things to do?’
Panic, desperation and terror have Peter running faster than he has ever run in his life. He literally rebounds off the walls as he turns corners to reach the place where Tony stores his spare reactors.
‘Right, yeah,’ the Ant-Man says, scrambling away from the bed as Steve makes his way over, trying to keep the trembling in his hands from being noticeable.
The man raises an eyebrow and gives him an assessing look. ‘No reason,’ he shrugs, ‘just…you know big party, expensive suit,’ he gestures to what he’s wearing, ‘just thought you might have gone for the first person you found wandering outside hoping to get a pay out.’
‘Oh yes,’ the second woman sounds far too excited, ‘it was a proper “shots fired” at Tony Stark that one.’
‘Which cell did they target? Anyone we should be aware of?’ Tony asks, following Vision out of the jet and ensuring it was secured behind them.
His guest just smirks and raises an eyebrow. ‘Let’s not start that game when you’re the one who lost our latest project. What about getting hold of Spider-Man since Wilson seems so friendly with him?’
Natasha stands up and pulls the teenager towards her, blinking at the tears in her eyes and only relaxing once his arms wind around her waist. ‘You’re not the only one who’s scared, Pete. We all are. But we can’t let that fear control us, alright?’
Thor and Valkyrie return alongside some new allies. Though as soon as the battle turns in their favour, Thanos arrives.
‘No, but we know it’s most likely going to kill you. And I’ve not yet found a method that’ll fucking stick so chances are I’ll be fine. Now give it to me.’
‘Surely you would enjoy spending time with another person able to cast magic, brother? You could trade notes!’
‘It’s best you stay here where you’re more comfortable, you know that. Besides you’ve got your Mommy Spider and Weird Sister here, you’ll be absolutely fine. I promise.’
Peter looks over at his boyfriend and narrows his eyes. ‘Wade Wilson I swear to god if you did what I think you did you are in so much trouble.’
Strange scowls at him. ‘You drive a hard bargain.’ Loki just grins in response and the doctor sighs. ‘Fine, alright. But don’t expect me not to complain about inactivity.’
‘It was pretty impressive,’ Hope says from her place next to Scott, ‘even better than anything I pulled on Hank.’
Tony smiles and reaches over to squeeze the teen’s hand. ‘I promise. As long as you promise to check in every few days alright? And if you do need anything you call Happy and I’ll make sure he always has his cell on during court time.’
Thor shifts the axe on his shoulder, smiling more broadly than he has since before they fought their sister Hela, as he, Wade, Steve and Bucky all head out on the grounds of the facility.
A/N: Hi everyone! I would say I bet you didn't see that coming - but I'm sure you probably did. So Loki is now king of Jotunheim. As always please do let me know what you think about this chapter. I am about to post the second chapter of the week now, so there won't be any sneak peeks just yet.
‘We are not here for you, Midgardian,’ one of them, a female by her voice responds. ‘We are here for him.’ She points to Loki.
‘Of course,’ Miss Potts’ voice barely quavers and Steve has to admire her strength. ‘Will that be all, Mister Stark?’
‘I promised I’d tell you another time,’ he says, still keeping eye contact, well mask contact. The merc stands up and lifts his hand. For a heart-stopping moment Peter thinks the merc is going to put it on his face, then he drops it onto his shoulder.
Bucky says, looking around their cells. He finds he can switch views between what he can see and what Loki sees, similar to moving his head to look left and right.
‘Alright, alright. Fucking hell you got your panties in a twist. Need some help getting the spandex out of that tight arse?’
It takes a bit of time but eventually they manage to calm Thor down enough for the god to sit on one chair for more than five minutes; Valkyrie was happy to stay at the breakfast bar when she’d spied Tony’s minibar and had been given free access to, having left Loki in more capable hands than hers.
‘Let’s just say I can hear more than someone lying.’ Matt rejoins his two friends, leaving Peter with a racing mind.
May’s frown deepens. ‘Mr Stark you know I’m not happy with Peter being Spiderman. I’d be much happier if he stopped. But I know he’s not going to do that. Especially not with you helping him.’
‘No, nothing’s happened. Everything is fine I promise,’ he tries to cut off her panicking before it gets out of hand.
‘Right kid the window right in front of you? I’ve got it open. I want you to jump in and do a quick scan of the immediate area. Got it?’
‘Seriously, kid? You expect me to buy that crap? Spider-Man doesn’t need a bus to get to school. Don’t lie to me, Peter.’
‘Well Mister Parker,’ Fury says as they enter the room, Peter still trying to ignore the way his entire body is aching, ‘I have to say I’m impressed.’
Natasha shakes her head. ‘He’s reporting straight to Nick so I wouldn’t have heard anything anyway, but there’s been no news.’
‘May I ask FRIDAY for a scan of your hands? I spent some time in the Healing House when I first learned my magic.’ There’s a few moments where the two magic users look at each other before Strange nods. ‘FRIDAY, may I have a scan of the doctor’s hands please? And do not alert the others to what you are doing.’ After a few seconds a scan appears in front of Loki, who starts looking through them as if he’d been using technology all his life.
‘I knew it!’ Wanda crows. ‘Hang on. Since when are you gay? I thought you were dating Liz before I got back?’
They jump apart as if they’ve been electrocuted and Wade takes his turn, hitting the cue ball maybe a little harder than necessary. They continue the game, not saying much to each other but sending a couple of glares across the pool table. They end the game and Peter wins, marginally, to a chorus of cheers from the surrounding mercs and offers for another game.
‘Fine then if you’re breaking the rules then so am I,’ Peter huffs and pushes himself up and over to straddle his boyfriend.
Loki doesn’t respond as they’ve now reached the start of the mural. He can feel the confusion from the other side of the link.
‘I’m not sure I can get drunk,’ Bucky says with a dark smile, ‘I know Steve can’t. I assume they used similar stuff on me.’
Tony keeps an eye on Strange throughout the rest of the final food preparations for the feast in two days’ time, and is mildly surprised to notice most of the team going over to check on him and chat at some point during the evening. When Strange stands to leave Tony walks with him to where the portal to the Sanctum has been permanently established in the facility.
‘Yeah I frequently welcome the possibility of getting closed down by having underage kids come into my bar.’
‘What is it?’ the man who is obviously the leader of this little bunch snaps at her, looking up from his phone that he’s been focussed on for the past twenty minutes.
‘Pete,’ Tony sighs, ‘you know I’d say he could spend it here with us. But he doesn’t know who you are outside of Spider-Man, and you’d have to show him May too. Do you trust him enough to tell him who you are and who your family is?’
‘Just like you never mentioned being bi you mean?’ Wanda shoots back and the teenager just grumbles.
‘I think that’s about enough time for those two to learn to keep their noses out of other peoples’ business,’ Steve grins at the two men shooting him daggers across the table. ‘They can reheat their dinner.’
‘Now what are you doing?’ Mama walks out the kitchen, hands on her hips and fixes them all with one of those “I know you’ve all been misbehaving” looks that mothers always seem to have.
‘You would be correct,’ Lautenus replies, ‘you have no alternative. Though perhaps I should inform you of the rules of the combat.’
Immediately Tony lets out a gasp as his breathing becomes easier. He looks up at the teen and smiles, reaching up with a hand to brush away from of the tears still falling from the boy’s face. ‘Thanks, Pete.’
‘Exactly,’ Clint nods, ‘so she had to prove to them she was and…well she went a little overboard sometimes.’
The wizards of Kamar-Taj are causing mayhem amongst the enemy, and are doing a lot to help keep them disorientated and allowing their side to stay on top; the Wakandans are fighting with a ferocity and skill that Bucky has rarely seen elsewhere, at the thick of it are the King’s Guard, the women wielding their weapons and decimating their foes in a way that almost puts Natasha to shame. The Jotuns are advancing steadily, their king near the front, and dealing icy death to all who come near them, their limbs are caked in blood, and the wounded are frozen beneath their feet as they continue their march onwards.
Eventually they all manage to get onto the ice. Strange’s cloak is quite often the only thing that keeps him standing, and Bruce and Tony have a couple of near misses as Bruce finds his feet. Drax’s enthusiasm causes a couple more piled bodies, including crashing into Quill and Sam a couple of times. Eventually though he gets the hang of it and the super soldiers are able to leave him find his speed himself.
‘Well,’ Hope pauses, obviously trying to find the best way of phrasing what she wants to say, before continuing, ‘the new Accords are going to make it more likely that other enhanced individuals will want to join the team right?’
‘Yeah, right, that makes sense,’ he jumps to an opposite wall, still unsure how his senses are enabling him to do this. ‘Umm…that wasn’t a blast from the stone right?’
‘Alright I do not want to hear anymore!’ Sam protests. ‘Has no one realised that Deadpool just carried Peter out and no one stopped him?’
‘Yeah Nick’s here for Yule and New Year. Said he had other places to be over Christmas,’ Tony responds, eyeing the goop attached to his fingers. ‘Are you sure this is looking alright, Lokes?’
‘Sounded like you needed some help,’ she says, ‘I came to lend a hand and I’ll head back when they’re nearly ready.’
‘I believe our report of his conduct in the duel will be sufficient to calm the initial protests,’ the female argues.
‘Sorry Bruce,’ he responds, going back to his work as his classmates seem caught between wanting to laugh at him being told off, and in awe of his apparent friendship with the famous scientist.
Thank you so much to everyone who has commented, left kudos and especially for sticking with this story. The continued support is amazing and I really do appreciate you taking the time to take this journey with me.
‘About twenty or so,’ Bucky replies, ‘apparently one group were taken yesterday, otherwise there’d be more of them.’
and a chunk of webbing fixes itself around his mouth. Sam holds his hands up in surrender as Peter turns his wrist towards him. ‘Anything to add?’ the kid asks.
Natasha takes a seat on his other side, the super soldiers having taken the rest of the school for the treasure hunt, and leans back on the couch, also leaning a little closer to him as she does. ‘So,’ she asks, voice low, and Peter’s immediately wary, ‘you know when the team was having their little meltdown about not realising you were bi?’
‘What are you two whispering about now?’ Sam asks them; everyone is now back at the facility and they’ve just finished eating their own weight in pizza. Scott and Clint are due to arrive either tomorrow or the day after once they’ve made arrangements with their families; T’Challa should be with them tomorrow and is bringing Okoye, he’s leaving Shuri back in Wakanda as it’s easy enough to contact her should they need anything.
‘Shit! Rhodey! Bruce!’ Tony knows he should be focussing on the enemies coming out of the vehicle but all he can think about is his two friends potentially trapped under a huge amount of rubble. ‘FRIDAY?’
. No leads. Nothing. I can’t get hold of Venom quickly enough to be able to ask, so this is the quickest way.’
Steve tries not to blush as he follows Tony to the kitchenette and takes two mugs out of the cupboard; he can
to be in the rafters,’ Clint teases, ‘but apparently that’s frowned upon so Sam, Scott and I will be standing at the back.’
Hope you are all getting into the Christmas spirit and are slightly more prepared present-wise than I am!
‘Not without EDITH,’ he shakes his head, ‘Beck’s tech is advanced, but before he had access to EDITH he was limited to smaller scale illusions.’
Peter crosses his arms and faces the man. ‘Fine but if I’m right and she feels better you owe me a favour.’
Wanda and Peter start the Christmas planning, and the team send invitations out to the rest of their friends
turn up, and we want to know what’s bothering our teammate. You’re obviously spooked about something, which is one of the reasons you didn’t want Pete coming along, despite knowing he’s right and he would have been very useful on this mission. And anyway I know you’re not the type to start getting paranoid over nothing. If you think there’s something that’s potentially dangerous to him, don’t you think we’d want to know to help you keep him safe?’
‘And what? Send us into the middle of a fight with no preparation and no plan?’ Strange raises a challenging eyebrow. ‘Might I suggest we return to your facility and organise who will be joining us on this rescue mission and who will be staying behind? Should we not also notify Fury?’
There’s another voice laughing in the background. ‘Have you discovered it is inadvisable to trust Valkyrie with the bar, Tony?’ Loki asks.
Wanda doesn’t often train against the rest of the team, although she does her own workouts in the gym to stay in shape and so she can keep up on the battlefield, her powers mean she doesn’t need the same kind of combat training as the others. She’s been given basic hand to hand combat training, and knows how to disarm someone without her powers should she ever need to keep her powers hidden during a mission, and has regular ‘top up’ lessons with Steve or Natasha, but that’s the extent of it.
Natasha looks like she doesn’t believe him, which he can’t really blame her for. ‘Let’s get you up and then I’ll take you upstairs.’
Steve and Tony have a heart-to-heart as Tony continues to try and protect the team at the cost of himself. Peter gets a detention, and sees Deadpool again for the first time since the 'incident'
. As long as you’re still with us we can get through anything. Not because you have the suit, although I’ll admit I’m happier to have you fighting in the suit than out of it; but because you have the most brilliant mind I’ve ever come across.
‘Because it was a pretty hot situation, kid. I wanted to find out a little bit more,’ she replies. ‘It seems the police found two of the assailants webbed to the walls, but one was unconscious on the floor, later in hospital he had a pretty good lump on his forehead. According to the police reports they started saying there was another guy in red there. They’ve put it down to getting knocked on the head and seeing double of you as there was no evidence anyone other than Spider-Man was there.’
‘I still don’t fully know what’s going on Wade,’ Steve fixes him with a hard look, ‘and I’m trusting you with the lives of two of my best friends. Don’t make me regret it.’
‘You used to play with the Commandos?’ Steve’s surprised at this revelation. ‘You never mentioned it before.’
Another solider, this one obviously the one in charge, exits the plane followed by a man in handcuffs, then the final two soldiers.
Tony reaches the front door just as May Parker pulls to a stop. Peter scrambles out of the door and runs up to give Tony a hug. ‘Merry Christmas Mr Stark!’
,’ he glares at them to leave them in no uncertain terms about using that particular name, ‘he says “promise me when you finally find someone to spend your life with that it’s someone who is willing to stand up for you just like your Aunt Peggy does for the people she loves,”’
‘Thanks Sam,’ Quill smiles at him, and Sam decides to ignore the sheen of tears in his eyes, ‘really, man, thanks.’
The team have a game of soccer, which starts off with no powers and ends up differently. Then there's a team dinner, and Peter gets asked some awkward questions about his fan.
‘Wade meet Wanda. Wanda this is Wade,’ he says it as casually as he can, trying to keep the smile from his lips as he straightens up. The merc’s face goes from suspicious, to shocked, to terror all in the space of a couple of seconds and Peter takes pity on him, going to stand next to him and putting a hand on his arm. They’re trying not to draw attention to the fact they’re together whilst in the bar so it’s the most physical touch Peter can allow himself.
Training with Natasha is still one of his favourite things to do in the training room, on a par with finally being able to train properly with Steve. It’s still strange to think the skinny kid from Brooklyn that he used to have to pick up and dust off from whatever alley he’d gotten beaten up in that time is now able to hold his own against him, even beat him.
‘Well you better get used to it, my dear Captain, because you’re not going anywhere until I say so,’ Tony’s beard tickles at his chest as he mumbles a reply.
‘But what about after the serum and you were the famous Captain America? Surely the girls were lining up to dance with you then?’
‘You get hit twice and you’re out,’ Tony shouts out across the snow covered grounds. ‘And FRIDAY will be checking and tell you when you’re out.’
‘If you think that’s bad,’ Bruce sighs as Peter gets dragged to the back of the labs, ‘just be glad you weren’t here five minutes ago. I do apologise for Princess Shuri’s rudeness, everyone, I’ll make sure I send a message back to her brother,’ he raises his voice at the last sentence.
‘I’ll wound you with my knife in a minute,’ he mutters under his breath, taking his place opposite Valkyrie.
‘That, and it’s easier for us to sneak things in than it is for you to sneak the shield in,’ she grins at him. ‘Now get a move on!’
‘Then go for it,’ he tells her, ‘and know we’ll all be here for you should it all head south. Both of you.’
‘Don’t try and talk to me like you’re my dad!’ Peter shouts back, not even sure why he’s angry anymore. ‘You’re not my dad and you’re nothing like Uncle Ben so you don’t get to tell me what to do!’
‘Well next time he decides to keep you away from your responsibilities to your company and the world is not ending I’m going to have a word with him myself,’ she huffs, going to make herself a coffee.
Tony shrugs and looks away. ‘Even before the Accords the team was the only family I had left, except for Pepper and Happy. Happy works for SI and Pepper and I had just broken up so weren’t on the best terms. I just-I wanted that back. I needed my family back.’
Tony speaks to May Parker and tells the team Spider-Man will be visiting more often; and Bucky tries to look after Tony since he won't look after himself.
‘Neither of them. I didn’t want Asgard’s throne either, not really. I just…I just wanted to be considered, to be good enough to be a choice. That’s why I did what I did in Asgard, when Thor and I first came to Earth. I just wanted Odin to see I could be a choice.’
I hope you enjoyed this chapter with a bit more of a focus on the sibling relationship between Wanda and Peter. Do let me know what you think.
‘Gamora is Thanos’ daughter,’ the only one not to have spoken so far says, ‘she would know him best of all of us.’
A/N: Hi everyone! Hope you enjoyed this chapter, and a huge thank you again to everyone who has left kudos on this story, and to BB4ever for yet another review.
Tony just laughs. ‘You’ve got more cheeky the longer we’ve been together, Cap, they’ll be accusing me of corrupting you if we’re not careful.’
‘I believe the quote was,’ Val looks down at her notes, ‘ah yes here it is. “No one would be exempt from the registration, even if they are someone’s precious intern and think they may have protection from other individuals.” He then went on to say-’
‘He’d been to the doctor not long before,’ May admits, pushing a strand of hair from his eyes. ‘He’d just been diagnosed with terminal cancer. He didn’t have long left anyway, Peter. If anything he’d have been glad to go whilst still on the job, rather than wasting away in a bed.’
‘Of course I am. The whole team is staying here for the holiday, and I’m flying Rhodes’ mom over to spend it with us. Honestly the woman is a miracle worker with a turkey, and her Christmas cake is to die for. And we wanted to know if you both wanted to spend it with us as well?’
I have actually finished writing the story now, so there may be the occasional double update in the future. I'll take a short break from writing fanfiction as I want to do a bit of work on my original work, before coming back to this; so I'm hoping the fact that I've got a couple of month's of updates all ready for going up here means that there won't be a gap as such between finishing this story and posting the next one for you guys.
Steve didn’t get the costume reference, but he knew Tony was just as competitive, if not more so than himself. A worthy adversary, but Steve would never admit to that.
” She asks tentatively, and he almost hated her for it - hates that she treats him like a child, handles him like he’s something breakable. “
; had they come out about it before, the world would have taken Steve’s hard work for granted, and likely assumed he’d been on Tony’s ‘casting couch’ - as if he was
“I’m in love with you, Tony...I know, it’s stupid when we we do is drive each other crazy, when we fight half the time, but for God’s sake I-”
It was her love for him that drove them apart, how ironic is that? The one thing that is supposed to bind people tore them apart like a cotton; messy and unfixable.
Gods, he was stubborn that way - but for Peter, he’d happily kiss the cross. However, Tony’s momentary panic ebbs away into dizzying pain when his broken hand makes a reappearance, but to his surprise the limb is wrapped and taped to help it heal, too - though they clearly hadn’t given him anything to alleviate the pain, which was damn near
The blond kneels down to help Tony up, and it’s upon being pressed against Steve’s chest that he feels it; a thrashing heartbeat, muscle pounding against bone in hopes of escape. Tony sees the way Steve’s face dusts pink, the way the Super Soldier won’t meet his eyes as he holds a scantily clad Tony against him, and he just can’t help himself; he laughs.
The brunet groans and wants nothing more than to relish in the gentle caress he feels stroking his cheekbone, but eventually does as he’s told; forcing tired eyes open, and - gracelessly - splutters at being met by oceanic blue-eyes framed by sinfully long lashes. Tony always claims to be a smart man, but his mind tells him
“-thought so, works every time,” Iron Man says with a chuckle, before turning on his husband and yanking him in for a kiss. “And
Tony takes a selfie of them together, pressing their faces together tightly enough despite the space of the frame. Lithe arm slung around Steve’s shoulders pulling the blond closer. Steve could feel the short bristles of his beard against his cheek and found he didn't mind it, at all. Tony had pulled Steve in seconds before the camera went off. Steve didn’t know what he looked like, but what he
“Wanda…” he trails, clearly uncertain if he should actually share whatever information he has. “Wanda told me what she saw.”
I kissed another version of you, Tony.” There’s a dreadful pause, and Steve thinks his husband is about to pull away in disgust, that he’d just ruined his
The brunet is gone before Steve can say anything, but maybe it was for the better, Steve tended to ramble and, really, there wasn’t anything else
“Hey, just because I’m a realist doesn’t mean I can’t admire a good fairytale,” Tony says with a huff, rolling his eyes, but his voice is surprisingly docile as he says it.
too late. However, somehow, that wasn’t the worst of it for Tony; Steve’s reveal as Hydra should have been it, been
Tony tasted like coffee and the churro they’d gotten on the way back from Time Square. Bitter and sweet on his tongue. And something that seemed to be just
“Alright Shell Head, put your money where your mouth is, huh?” Steve starts in, eyes darting to said mouth before barreling on. “I dare you, Tony Stark, to put on the suit, fly out to Time Square, and dance to Taylor Swift’s
manages to fight back a flinch when Steve ducks his head down to nose at Tony’s jaw, the sweet nothings whispered against Tony’s skin made him dizzy, but he still remained focused on what needed to happen now. This was their
damn business, no one else’s,” Tony snaps, yanking away from the blond, but only makes it a few steps away when Steve’s words stop him in his tracks.
Tony stops at Steve’s feet and sits back on his haunches, staring up at the man now seated on their couch, hands twitching on the swell his biceps, “did you have fun at the gala?”
“That confirms it, that you’re not him,” Anthony says a little softer this time, his words slower with exhaustion, but it’s less sad, now. “But he would have been happy to know that there was a version of him out there that helped me when I needed him and he couldn’t be here, so…thank you, Steve.”
he’d ever had. Steve had been firm but gentle with his touches, playful yet demanding with his kisses, and Tony was pretty sure he’d forgotten the English language for a good minute when Steve had rutted into him at
Steve’s expression doesn’t change, they both know Steve has the advantage here, but he does lower the gun slightly; Tony feels himself relax, if only fractionally. However, whatever hope Tony had is
Bucky would probably smack Steve upside the head once he heard about this, but what other choice was there? He could blame it on his competitive streak, or maybe the glint in Tony’s dark-honey eyes. But he knew, when it came down to it, agreeing to Tony's plans wasn’t something he’d ever regret.
“Three-forty-three in the morning, Sir,” Jarvis replies, adding after a moment - as if he’d felt the need to withhold the bit of information that would only serve to remind Tony how much of a wreck he really was. “You’ve been asleep for thirty-five minutes.”
“It’s not…it’s not what you think, sweetheart,” Steve mumbles, almost to himself as he thought about how sad and lonely Anthony had been, but the next moment his husband had his arms around Steve and tucked his head under his scruffy chin.
‘How is he?’ Wanda asks, sounding terrified and so very different from the determined fighter she’d been not fifteen minutes ago.
‘Take it as a compliment that she worries about you, if she didn’t care she wouldn’t have said anything,’ an amused voice says from behind him.
‘And that’s an order from the Captain as well,’ Bucky grins, jerking his thumb in Steve’s direction.
His voice finishes so small and insecure that Tony doesn’t even think before responding. ‘Of course, we’ll go tomorrow.’
‘And now the person on this end of the line,’ Loki explains, ‘weaves their way between everyone else,’ he breathes a sigh of relief when Valkyrie performs the step flawlessly as he continues to explain, ‘to the opposite end and everyone else moves up.’ He finds himself face to face with the Winter Soldier. ‘And then we repeat the steps.’
‘So I honestly didn’t ever intend to start dating a mercenary I swear, but it just sort of-well just happened. I mean we were just hanging out more after patrols and became friends and then, I guess something kind of changed just before Hammer attacked the school, and then we started dating just before the team got you out. And to be fair you were all for approving of him when you heard about the rules he’d put in place because I’m, you know, younger than him,’ at Tony’s expression he quickly adds, ‘and I’m taking that back. Taken back.
‘Hey!’ the inventor frowns from where he’s standing at the side of the training room. ‘I’m not crazy. I’m eccentric! And a genius.’
‘Me?’ Peter all but screams. ‘You-but you’ve just been taken by HYDRA! Why are you – what are you – why are worried about me? You could have died!’ And before either of them can stop him Peter has thrown the top half of his body across the hospital bed and buried his face in Tony’s stomach, hands gently, but firmly, gripping onto the hospital gown and bed sheets as he sobs. ‘I’m so sorry. I didn’t mean any of what I said, I don’t know why I was so angry and upset. And then you went and gave yourself up for me and- and I- I’m so sorry.’
‘I don’t think he’s big into comedy,’ Tony answers, helping him stand and bringing him back over to the sofas. ‘So how about we sit like grown ups and work out how we’re going to deal with this?’
Peter catches sight of the two new arrivals to the room. ‘Tony? Can I stay here? I think it’s going to be safer.’
Wade grips Peter’s shoulder tighter and he struggles to his feet and follows the older man out of the room. ‘You alright, Baby Boy?’ he asks as they step into the elevator to head down.
Tony rolls his eyes. ‘I said in the report that if we are able to eliminate the possibility of him being controlled by outside forces then, yes, he could become a full member of the team.’
‘What?’ Steve isn’t even sure what he’s asking as he walks towards the picture of Piotr Maximoff, wearing the blue uniform he’d worn on their mission to Sokovia. Underneath is a plaque that states:
‘Please don’t add yourself to the list of people trying to be my babysitter,’ he rolls his eyes. ‘I’m looking for a specific merc. You heard of Deadpool?’
They stop their conversation as a door opens and another man steps out, the one opens the door of the car for the newcomer to enter quickly; then they both get in and drive off.
Natasha watches as Peter nods; then he sets his jaw and looks up to face his mentor and she knows they’re all in trouble. She’s seen that look before. On both Tony and Steve. ‘Oh this is going to be interesting,’ she says, moving back to stand with Bucky.
Peter notices Wanda setting aside the angel for the top of the tree. ‘Why are you putting that to one side?’
Tony laughs, falling to his knees next to the soldier and brings him into a hug. ‘Just don’t kiss me alright?’ Then after a pause. ‘You did it.’
‘It’s not the same with him, he’s my boyfriend,’ she answers, pulling herself from her thoughts. ‘This… it feels like I’ve got a brother again.’
‘The fishing business has been in their family for a long time,’ the AI’s soft tones respond, ‘but it hasn’t been turning a profit for a few years. Sarah Wilson is looking at having to sell the fishing boat to pay off her debts, but the boat is not in a good condition and won’t sell for enough to cover everything.’
‘You need to get out of here, get your friends safe and get your suit on, Baby Boy. I’ll handle this lot. Now go!’ Peter nods and pushes his friends along the corridor, looking back over his shoulder as the merc takes out his katanas, giving them an experimental swing.
‘Tony?’ Steve’s come to stand next to him, and he’s turned off his comms. Tony reaches up to do the same. ‘Whatever happens-’
anything,’ Strange replies, then turns to look at Lorena, ‘but there is something I can tell you and that you
It takes longer than it should for them to get everything under control, and at one point Tony had even considered calling in Sam and Wanda, but eventually, at around three in the morning, the situation is back under control and Steve, Bucky and Natasha are helping get the last of the inmates into the spare cells while he, Rhodes and Vision look over the site of the bomb and help clear away some of the larger pieces of debris.
‘I…I genuinely didn’t think this was ever going to happen outside of my fantasies,’ Tony laughs. ‘Yes, Steve, I’d love to.’
‘He’s got your good heart, Steve, and he’s got your moral compass, rather than my screwed up one. So what he thinks is the right thing to do, usually is. But he wants to look out for the little guy, as well; and he has your aversion to bullies,’ Tony shoots him a smile out of the corner of his eye.
For the first time ever, Tony sees the Wakandan look uncomfortable. ‘No, you are right there. Perhaps Loki may be a better option?’
‘You know, I could have done my nails in the time I’ve spent waiting for you two to catch up,’ she smirks down the comms at them. ‘You ready to move or shall I start on my pedi?’
‘Is that so?’ Tony leans back in his chair, turning his attention back to Rumlow. ‘My proposition may alter that slightly.’
Tony’s been working on his portable screen the whole time Natasha has been getting everything ready for him to go and see Hammer, and FRIDAY has been working her magic for him. Suddenly a lot of things have fallen into place. Odd comments that hadn’t sat right at the time, and certain team members that had been targeted. Now he just needs Hammer to confirm it for him.
When he reaches the common area he finds Bucky where FRIDAY says he would be. ‘If you’re trying to decide between the scotch and the gun I’d go for the scotch. Tastes better,’ he says, going to a cabinet and taking out two glasses. ‘Plus it’s easier to share the scotch,’ he puts the two glasses down in front of Bucky and pours some of the amber liquid into each.
‘I can’t wash them,’ Tony says eventually, holding up his hands but still not looking up at Steve. ‘I can’t wash them, Steve, because if I wash them I’m washing the last bit of him away and I can’t do it.’
‘What the hell?’ Steve asks, looking at his friend, who simply shrugs in reply. He’s still getting used to seeing Bucky walking around looking as fit as ever, albeit with a metal arm attached to him. A metal arm that, true to Tony’s word, is functioning as well as a regular one, if not a little better. Steve’s got the bruises from sparring practise to testify.
Wade shrugs. ‘I get it if you don’t want your classmates to know you’re dating someone a lot older than you, but you should have just said and we could have-’
Tony frowns and perches next to Peter. ‘What’s brought this on?’ Peter shifts uncomfortably and Tony thinks he can guess. ‘Deadpool?’
He wonders as they rejoin the others. Steve shoots him a questioning look but he just shakes his head. There’s no way he’s ready to talk about it just yet.
‘Tony,’ Bucky sounds unsure and he pauses, obviously trying to work out how to phrase his question. ‘If the arc reactor has so many bad memories attached to it, and the whole “it’s the only thing keeping me alive” deal, why are all your new inventions basically putting it back into your clothes? You’ve made new sweatshirts with it incorporated and you’re getting the suit to fit inside of it. Why not just move away entirely? Find a new way to have it power the suit?’
Afraid to look Vision in the eye, knowing he can probably read his thoughts with that damn stone anyway, Tony sighs again. ‘I’m scared,’ he admits.
Before he can reply Rhodes’ voice cuts across them both. ‘Tony you got two transports and five cars just pulled up. Ross is getting out of one car and a shit ton of soldiers are coming out the transports.’
Steve desperately wants to tell him, but can’t break his promise to Peter. ‘He had an accident with another kid and got some coffee spilt down his shirt, Buck leant him his hoodie so he didn’t have to travel back soaking wet.’
Sam gives him a gently nudge with his shoulder. ‘Anytime, kid. Now let’s go make sure Tony still has hair.’
‘Nice to see you out and about, Sergeant Barnes,’ Tony says, looking down the table at them, ‘I hope the arm is working well?’
‘You moved in with the Avengers?’ Harry asks, eyebrows disappearing into his hairline. ‘That is amazing. How did you manage that?’
‘Yeah,’ Steve admits, ‘but Tony would always change it anyway.’ His voice catches a little on the inventor’s name.
‘We’re going to be sleeping in the same building as them! Do you think we could sneak out at night and get their autographs?’
‘Is there enough space for all of us?’ Peter asks, coming and leaning tiredly against Tony’s side. He’s not sure if it’s a gesture of support, Peter seeking comfort, or a mixture of both. Whatever the reason he struggles to speak past the lump of tears.
‘Um, Widow? Can we stop by my flat first? There’s something I need to get, something I need to tell you all.’
Steve frowns as he sees one of the cartoon characters on the screen throw something that looks like a turtle shell at one of the others, which seems to cause another character to fall off the race track. As Rhodes tries to shove Tony, he assumes it was the latter who had sent the former off the track.
‘Steve?’ Tony walks into the common room the next morning, phone in hand as if he’s just got off a call.
‘So we need three teams,’ Strange looks at the gathered group. ‘Loki do you think you could mask Nebula entering the facility?’
‘Peter!’ he hears Natasha’s voice from nearby. His momentum carries him past the monster and he hits the ground hard, rolling several times until he comes to a rest on his back. He may have cracked a rib, but then that could just be bad bruising.
‘Yeah ha ha, very funny,’ Bucky rolls his eyes. ‘So you guys ready to come home? Complete the team?’
‘Don’t be too proud,’ Loki smirks, ‘most warriors I’ve met also tend to be unsophisticated brutes who live only for the fight and the drinking celebration that follows. If you think my brother is bad you should be thankful you were spared the rest of Asgards warriors.’
Rhodey, Sam, Vision and Wanda joined,’ Natasha agrees. ‘Nick we got air support any time soon? Sam, Rhodey and Tony can’t do it all by themselves for much longer.’
‘More than I care to admit,’ Vision replies, which earns him a round of laughter from the other three occupants in the room.
Steve smiles and closes the door as he heads down the corridor he hears the end of Peter’s conversation. ‘I got to go, May, dinner will be ready soon. No it’s great, honestly, the soccer game really helped and its dinner and movie night tonight. I promise I’m enjoying myself, May. Alright I got to go. Love you too.’
Tony nods. ‘Yeah I don’t think I would be able to answer questions right now.’ He looks over at Wade as the group starts to head towards the main doors. ‘You should stop by a couple of times, Wilson,’ he suggests, falling into step with the mercenary. ‘Be good for the team to get to know you a little more.’
‘In his own words,’ Pepper responds, voice tired, ‘Tony is “used to the media’s bullshit. Besides they love to tear me apart, I’m just giving them something I can actually control for once.” I didn’t like it either, but he wouldn’t listen.’
He gives her a tight hug. ‘I know, and thank you. Now please stop trying to talk me out of this. I’m having enough trouble not running for the hills as it is.’
Turns out Ice Queen has a half brother from Jotunheim who is now the king and wants to kill him so he can’t take over the throne. Some weird shitty overly contrived reason anyway. Important thing is: Loki ends up having to kill his half brother and now he’s king of Jotunheim. Yep still predictable as shit.
Thank you to everyone who has commented over the week, I think there's still a couple I need to respond to so I'll do that as soon as I've finished updating. Please do let me know what you think about this chapter - I found Peter and Shuri's meeting a bit of a tricky one so I'd be interested to know what you thought.
FRIDAY has been going through footage of CCTV cameras and running every recognition software Tony has invented in an attempt to get a hit on one of the attackers. Clint, Natasha and Tony have been hacking into various agencies in an attempt to get any information that might be useful; Peter’s been allowed to help and was picking up some interesting skills along the way.
‘I can send an illusion to take my place,’ Loki waves a dismissive hand, ‘and Thor can speak for me initially in any case.’
Peter is worryingly quiet and Tony isn’t sure what to do. They sit in silence while he pulls a shirt and jeans over his suit, slipping his mask back into the side pocket of his bag, Tony glancing towards him out of the corner of his eye every so often.
‘You left me Steve!’ he shouts, rounding on the soldier. ‘You left me with no power source to my suit, courtesy of the shield you’d left in my chest. Did you even think for one second about how the
Next chapter: Christmas Day in the mistletoe challenge. And then I think I'll skip to New Year's Eve. I was rather surprised at how disappointed people have been that Loki and Bucky won't be a pairing this story; out of curiosity would you prefer Bucky with Loki or Natasha? I have another option for Loki too, which you'll get to see in the next chapter.
‘Well we’ve got a couple of days where we need to get some actual work done,’ Tony laughs, ‘plus Pete needs to go to school at some point in December.’
‘Tony’s going to need you to go put your mask on and go meet him at the front desk,’ he tells the teenager.
‘Ah,’ Tony looks to where Wade has just walked into the room and realises he may have forgotten to mention to Clint about their extra visitor.
‘I thought you were supposed to be trying to make him feel better?’ Wanda asks as she reads Peter’s response.
Taking out a flash drive she plugs it into the main computer and gets to work, constantly checking the security cameras as she works.
No sneak peek this week. I'd rather leave a tribute instead. Reading back over the first instalment I realised the first entry into this series coincided with the loss of Stan Lee, and now this final instalment of this part of the series coincides with the loss of Chadwick Boseman.
‘Alright, let’s get you both on the jet and get home,’ Natasha sighs, shaking her head, ‘Steve was having kittens. You’re lucky he hasn’t arrived out here yet.’
‘Not unless other magic was involved,’ Wong replies, ‘but you would be able to sense that was present.’
staring at Steve’s ass as well?’ a new voice enters the conversation and they turn to see Sam walking towards them.
‘Why do I have a bad feeling about this?’ Tony mutters to himself before going to place his own call.
Loki squeezes his hand. ‘I know, I just felt like one of us should say it so we didn’t have any maybes hanging over us.’ Bucky squeezes his hand in thanks. ‘You were the one who taught me how to let people in again you know. Even though it was all accidental with creating our mental link.’
‘One more step and I’ll put a bullet through his brain,’ a voice Peter doesn’t recognise says. He tries to turn his head to take a look but the gun presses harder into his head. ‘Don’t even think about it. Hands on your head, Spider-Man. You even think about webbing anything and I’ll blow a hole in your skull.’
‘Tony?’ he mumbles, then his eyes fly open and he looks around them all. ‘Tony! Where is he? Where…’ he trails off with a sob and Natasha pulls him into her arms.
‘She saw something in his mind that made her decide he needed to be a part of this,’ she shrugs. ‘I’m sure it’ll all become clear soon. In the meantime we have a problem.’
‘Oh he’s already been tested, Hill,’ Fury tells her, about to take the opposite hallway to her, ‘I just need to see if he’s willing to graduate.’
Deadpool shrugs. ‘Got to pay the bills, sweet pea. Ever since I got my Freddy Kreuger look there’s not much else I can do until Halloween comes around.’
‘Nuh uh,’ Steve says, clamping a hand over Tony’s mouth. ‘If I’m not allowed to have a say neither are you.’
‘Isn’t Danny Rand supposed to be one of them?’ Rhodes asks. ‘You know, the guy who turned up out of the blue and took over his share of the Rand business? Do either of you know him from a business side of things?’
By the time Natasha and Sam join them in the common area, Tony’s getting restless. He’s not used to having to sit and wait to hear about the situation.
‘Perhaps instead of a new feast table each year,’ Thor says as they make their way steadily back to the facility, ‘we could add carved decorations to this one to show something that has happened during the year.’
‘But there’s barely anything in any of his rooms except for the labs,’ Sam’s face appears in the hole above them, ‘and anything that
‘It’s on the vanity, Vis,’ she laughs and points it out to him. ‘You sure you don’t mind being here? Wouldn’t you rather work on the stones?’
‘Of course, Point Break,’ Tony smiles at him, ‘you guys are a part of this team, so it’s only right we try and celebrate as much of your traditions as we can, especially as you’ll be celebrating ours.’ Thor lets lose a laugh and pulls Tony into a hug that has Bruce wincing in sympathy.
‘Everyone else: once Clint’s blown that door we go in. Scott I want you small and searching for Tony.
would do better,’ Clint argues, ‘you’re just scared of getting too attached when you know it’s most likely you’ll outlive him.’
‘Can someone please explain what’s going on?’ Fury asks. Clint fills him in as he brings him a drink. ‘Please tell me I don’t have to take part,’ he eyes Loki with his one good eye.
Please do let me know what you think, if you disagree with any of what I've put across in the story and if there's anything you'd like to see in the future. Next chapter: everyone is finally back!
Making his mind up he sends a text to Natasha to let her know he’s heading over to Ned’s to do some work; then packs some of his books into his backpack in case someone is watching and heads out the door. As soon as he’s far enough away he takes out his phone.
‘Shuri I think Peter has a choice in the matter,’ T’Challa sighs. ‘He isn’t a stray dog you can just adopt because you feel like it.’
‘I snapped at Rhodey,’ Peter explains, ‘and it was just like when Venom was in control, that was just before you turned up and Loki checked me again to make sure he was gone for good.’
‘Look I’m not saying I’m happy about this in the slightest,’ Tony reassures him, fixing him with one of the stares he’s perfected on Peter, ‘and it’s going to take a while for me to even
‘I’ll be in touch, Cap. I’ll have to work on getting everyone back one or two at a time, and I’ll need to make sure they agree to any terms. You willing to work with me on this?’
Two week's time will be a one-shot separate from this series, which I apologise in advance for any heart-ache it might cause; then I'll start the new series with a short mission featuring Wade, Bucky and Natasha and we'll find out why Wade was so late getting back from his last mission.
‘I know, but the thing is,’ Clint pauses, running his glass between his hands as he leans on the balcony rail, then he sighs, hanging his head, ‘the thing is I realised that, well, perhaps I wasn’t being the most rational holding on to this hatred when you’d proven that you’re not the same person you were when you attacked New York.’
As Peter closes the door behind him, still shaking his head, and heads towards the common area again the absurdity of the situation catches up to him and he bursts out laughing.
Peter just shakes his head in bewilderment. Sometimes it’s best not to question his boyfriend. A movement upstairs catches his eye and he sees that Steve and Bucky had brough his classmates to watch the end of his and Wade’s sparring session; he quickly reaches up and pulls his mask back down to cover his face before spinning and landing on the mats.
‘I’m not,’ Steve admits, ‘but it’s not my choice, nor is it yours, who Peter decides to spend his time with.’
‘Yeah pretty much my reaction when I found out. He’s a genuine war hero. Not that many people outside of the military would know his name. Rhodey would genuinely
‘Here you go,’ she hands him a small box of different coloured baubles, ‘we need a bit of colour up there. Loki normally adds some real ice to them all anyway, if there’s too many fake icicles it takes away from it.’
‘We’ll have to see what they say, perhaps they’ll come and we can do the feast the day after or something.’
‘I do know someone who can help,’ she responds, ‘or rather I know a group. Come with me and meet my friends.’
‘Oh shove it, Doc,’ Bucky rolls his eyes. ‘You’ve just been annoyed we’ve been helping Loki impose the no magic rule. You’ve had loads of fun.’
Peter, already showing signs of rivalling Tony’s intellect, can never resist a new story and immediately perks up. ‘What’s it about?’
‘You,’ Natasha blinks and then rubs her temples, ‘you ran out of battery? You’re the only millennial in this entire group and
‘Yeah I was thinking of getting some land either upstate or maybe a state or two away and, I don’t know, maybe build a few buildings and things that’s just for the team to use. Make sure FRIDAY had it locked down so only we can get there, maybe as Strange to put in a couple of magic things as well, and then only members of the team can go there when they need a break. Get some smaller cabins built, maybe a bigger place for us all to go to. Then we could use it for summer vacations, have our Christmases there…then maybe Clint and Laura could join us for the whole thing, but still have their own building. Get where I’m going with this?’
Despite his fame and his title, though, he’s still a pretty nice guy, parading healthy rivalry and all around good sportsmanship towards his fellow competitors—namely Bruce Banner. The suddenly notorious Steve Rogers who’d appeared in the competitive surf scene out of nowhere, he knows little about.
. He looks smug, and he doesn’t even glance in their direction when he swims back to shore, lifts the lifeguard up bridal style, and quite literally whisks him away.
So when Tiberius undoubtedly begins to spark up a conversation between them while their father’s continue the pissing contest, Tony easily interrupts him. “I’m going to uh—over there.” He says quickly, scanning the area behind him.
Tony slides himself down on Bucky’s bare cock with a loud groan. He allows himself to feel the stretch—the slight burn and simultaneous fullness that Steve can only give him in dreams—before he puts his effort into riding Bucky. He feels his boyfriend’s hands all over him, rubbing at his chest and down his back and squeezing his ass as Tony repetitively lifts himself up and drops back down to bottom out on Bucky’s cock.
“Dance with me.” The man says instead of responding, that mischievous blue flame still twirling in his eyes.
Since the end of the WSL Tour, and his successful first time participating in a Championship level competition, he’d retreated back to California to take some quality time off. It’s the least he can do to treat himself after his 57.300 point total and subsequent second place overall win.
catches the attention of the trio, and Steve is just about to break into a sprint to get back to the water when Bruce puts a hand on his shoulder to stop him. Steve is just about to smack him away, but seeing Thor squint in the direction of frantic splashing gets him to pause.
That’s all Tony needs before he’s got two fingers pinching his nostrils shut. Bucky uses one hand to hold his body up as he moves upward to push his cock into Tony’s now open mouth. It’s a familiar taste, and this is a familiar event.
Physically, Bucky had everything Steve did not. Broad shoulders, toned muscles, facial hair, and a knack for fucking twinks until their own names become questionable.
Natasha, however, seems confused. She sits up straight, letting Bucky’s arm around her fall onto the couch cushion. “You said he agreed with you? About Howard? And what exactly did you say?”
. Second, the same Nomad had just thoroughly defiled his father’s office, and finally, Tony wasn’t going to do a single thing to stop it.
He can feel it so vividly, the slack jaw and deadweight tongue encompassing and sliding against his length as Steve grips the back of the body’s head to move it.
His little spurts of rebellion in college hadn’t gotten far—none of into the hands sleazy magazine publishers. Not when Howard could offer much more for footage and truthful rumors than what any Star Magazine or Us Weekly might. Hang those types of numbers above the heads of any college student eating cup noodles and packaged nuts and
And when Bucky pulls loose the ribbon around his wrists, Tony is quick to wrap his arms around him and plant a messy kiss on his mouth as he’s laid out flat on the couch and Bucky is finishing inside his pliant body.
It’s nearly one in the morning when Tony’s frantically knocking on Bucky’s door and, as soon as he's let inside, throwing himself into the surly arms of his delightfully shirtless boyfriend.
Steve doesn’t know if it’s the darkness of the room that’s making the expression on Tony’s face unreadable. He doesn’t really want to find out. Steve swallows. He’d been caught red-handed. The mask feels heavier on his face; he’s glad he hadn’t removed it.
right onto Howard’s desk. When Steve is finished wiping away any accidental prints from touching the glass, he takes a moment to admire his work, and then leaves the room. Quick and easy.
He doesn’t immediately return to the party. Instead, he packs up the spray cans left on the floor, zips them into the bag, and heads to the building’s fifth floor.
Instead he pushes his hips forward, presses his dick to Tony’s cheek bone, and cums on his face--small moans and a visible shudder leave Steve’s body.
Natasha is messing with his desktop and his printer, while Bucky greets him with a wave and a grin. “God you need a new printer.” Natasha scoffs when she finally looks up at him, raising her eyebrows like he’s supposed to produce one from thin air.
. It’s pretty incredible. He likes to think it’s because of his outrageous persona when he surfs, and even gets a little embarrassed by the title when fans ask him for pictures and signatures when he’s not in his zone.
Tony gapes, watching the man sprint across the room like somethings chasing him and head straight into the elevator. Despite the distance now between them, Tony can see the man looking right at him until the elevator doors slide shut.
Anthony’s jaw works for a moment but not sound leaves him, at least not until after he takes a deep breath and fixes Steve with a smile the Avenger doesn’t think he’ll ever forget, “thank you, for everythin’, Steve.”
and yet…with every passing night the man feels like another bit of his sanity’s being chipped away. His mind - what once was his best friend - now feels like his worst enemy, and Tony is at a loss of what to do. He’d seen every one of his teammates - the very few friends he has - die in his arms over and over again, and there’s never anything he can do to stop it. From Steve rasping “
Steve thinks with a sigh, even though he couldn’t bring himself to be annoyed. Or stop grinning like a fool.
“Steve you can’t really believe this is right,” Tony pleads, clutching at the front of the man’s black button-down, “there
can almost recall the way his stomach roiled against him, but Tony definitely doesn’t remembers closing his eyes.
got through to him. Tony used his position and business connections to the music world to the fullest, managing to get Steve meetings with all the right people, but the man’s success was all his own hard work -
Taking another pull of his whiskey the brunet sighs, “I gotta go, Pep...tinkerin’ around in the lab with my repulsors, might be onto somethin’.”
“Hey auntie Nat was wondering if- NO! Gross! Nope! Nopenopenope-” Steve could have pulled away before their daughter walked in on her parents acting like love sick teenagers, but what parent would pass up a chance to embarrass their kids?
“Sometime before the next century would be great, Stevie baby,” Tony hums, playfully jeering Steve just because he knew he could. “It’s not that hard, want me to dance dress up in Drag? Dance to Ms. Swift? Streak through Broadway? Hell, I’ll throw you a bone; you can include the suit in your dare if you choose dare. Within reason, of course.”
Steve rolls his eyes at the slight and continues on undeterred, “you’ve been back here for almost three months Tony, and we haven’t heard a single word from you! No calls, texts, nothing new on any media-”
They spend the rest of the night lazying around on the living room floor in their boxers. Lips sore from making out, and teased to the edge by groping. But both men continue to hold each other close, feeling sated and warm. Steve had never honestly thought he’d get to this point. Glancing down at Tony, who was trying - and failing - to keep his eyes open, looked so precious in his arms. Steve couldn’t imagine himself any place else. They fell asleep in each other’s arms, just as the first few rays of dawn began to peek over the horizon. Both safe in the knowledge that, when they woke, they would wake to each other.
‘Well that obviously hasn’t gone as well as we thought,’ Tony laughs bitterly. After a beat he looks back at her. ‘Thank you. For not telling anyone.’
‘I’m sorry,’ Peter looks down again. ‘I just…sometimes I feel like there’s two people inside of me right now, and one of them just wants to use these abilities I have to take out anything I face.
‘He does realise I have no reservations over stabbing or shooting him in his last eye right?’ Wade asks.
A hand appears on each side of his face, and he dares to open his eyes at another soft voice. His vision starts to focus on red hair and worried green eyes.
Tony takes a few steps back, wanting to give him as much privacy as possible, but knowing he’ll have to stay close in case anyone is watching who might report back to Ross and the Council if he leaves the soldier alone.
Tony smiles and nods. ‘Yeah, well. He’s not. But he’s as close as you’ll get to being good enough. And more importantly, honey: he’s the one
‘You know better than to bother her when she’s feeling like this,’ she’s scolding him. ‘You’re just lucky it was only a book she threw at you, and she didn’t decide to send you through the wall.’
‘What happened? And I mean that in both the changing of the room and that you’re looking less like you’re about to leave me here without your sorry ass to pull out of trouble.’
‘Look, how about we do more of what we did tonight?’ Wade suggests. ‘Without the whole person missing and exchanging information obviously. We meet up outside of patrols for food or whatever, but nothing more happens until you’re eighteen.
‘Oh that’s alright. I’ll get working on the rest of the webs. Man there really is more fluid in those shooters than I thought.’
‘I won’t need long,’ Peter assures him, face determined. ‘I know where they are and I can run the fastest out of everyone.’
Steve shrugs. ‘I just…they were some of our closest friends, Buck, I feel bad not knowing some of this most basic stuff about where their lives went except from the slim reports that Fury gave me when I first woke up.’
‘Sorry won’t cut it you little shit,’ and then the butt of the gun is smacked into the side of his head and he has to blink to clear the stars. He hears Ned calling his name and tries to wave a hand to show his friend he’s fine.
‘I’m not in the mood to be entertaining guests, Barnes,’ he says, turning back to the schematics floating in front of him. Bucky doesn’t reply and Tony dares to hope the man might leave him alone. He continues to work on the arm, trying to block out the thoughts that are threatening to overwhelm him.
Loki smiles. ‘I’m glad. It’s a copy of something from Asgard I had made on travel along the hidden paths of the universe, something that I personally found particularly useful and I thought he would find it interesting. Though if he attempts anything from there before he is ready I shall have his head.’
‘Is he still sulking?’ Rhodes asks as he walks into the common area later, eyeing the disgruntled Winter Soldier sitting in the corner.
‘It’s for your own good,’ Rhodes shouts after him. ‘And you’re still not going to make my suit dance!’
‘Tony, shh, calm down,’ Steve moves to sit on the bed, he takes Tony’s left hand in both of his and rubs soothing circles on the back of it. ‘Come on, honey, calm down for me.’
‘HYDRA,’ Steve is the one to answer. Between him, Fury, Natasha, Tony and T’Challa they explain the Wakandan Accords.
‘I’m saying,’ Tony leans on his other arm so he can look at Steve easier, the determination back in his face and taking his breath away. ‘I’m saying that if you really do still love me Steve, if you are serious this time that you want to be together that Pepper isn’t going to be surprised when I tell her. So what I want to know is this: do you still love me enough to want to be with me?’
‘Come in,’ comes the voice from inside, and he gingerly pushes the door open and steps into the man’s bedroom. ‘You alright, Pete?’
‘We need to get moving people,’ Fury says. ‘It seems our enemy has reached us. I’ve called in all the backup I can but it’s going to take some time for all of them to arrive. SHIELD forces should be here within the hour and can provide more air support when they get here. I’ve called in a friend, but I don’t know when she’ll arrive.’
Thor clapped his hands loudly. “Well done Shield Brother! None of us had any inclination that it was you this whole time!”
Tony thought about it for a minute, his face twisted in contemplation before he shrugged. “Probably try and take over the world,” he answered completely unaware of the stunned expressions of his team.
I'm so sorry for taking so long to update you guys! I had this chapter ready to go ages ago but it somehow got deleted and I found it really hard to rewrite it. I'm not completely happy with it so it may undergo editing at some point but I do hope you enjoy it.
“Uh oh,” Tony squeaked as he tried to get up from the couch before he was made a permanent part of it. He silently cursed himself for not thinking that the film would push Bruce to his absolute limits. He had desperately distanced and tried to forget that particular life so much that he had essentially blocked certain memories and emotions attached with that time period. It had seemed like the only logical option back then when he had begun his life after being Sherlock Holmes that he had easily dissociated from the past and now Bruce was paying the price for that dissociation.
Thor tried to think back over the years he had grown up with Loki but seemed to be unable to find what he was looking for. “Perhaps he does indeed have some magic, although I have never seen anything quite like that from Loki who is a master at magic.”
Also I want to say thank you for over 600 kudos and over 12000 hits on this story, I never thought it would get that much so thank you for all the support!
“I bit you on the Helicarrier when we were fighting,” Natasha said quietly, her face completely void of emotion whilst Clint’s face turned white as a ghost.
“The music is pretty catchy by the way,” Clint remarked, a dead serious look on his face, provoking a laugh out of Tony at the randomness of the statement. The rest of the team joined in after a few seconds, relishing in the opportunity to laugh. They weren't sure if they would get the chance to again during the film.
“We had a pretty good system going on by that point, more friends than colleagues. Our banter was a big part of our friendship and it seemed to normally happen at inopportune moments,” Tony breathed his eyes becoming slightly glassy with unshed tears.
“You said that your skills are something that sticks with you through all your lives” Steve began, his mind thinking of the tactical advantages Tony’s skills could be used for. “So you can do it in this life?”
Thor smiled brightly at the noise, finding it quite interesting and inspiring. “That is indeed a most intriguing noise you just made Friend Tony. I shall endeavour to use it in our next battle.”
Turning back around to face the Avengers who were in various stages of tension from watching Tony fail to contact JARVIS, he was about to inform the team of what he knew about the situation so far, when a bright flash of green light exploded within the room. All of the occupants let out a yell that comprised of a mixture of shock and pain as the light surprised them all.
“That’s bartitsu,” he whispered in awe at the moves that were designed to surprise the opponent before they could regain their footing and to subject key parts of the body to strains. It was a slightly more defensive style but very effective as you essentially used your opponents body against them. Clint and Natasha had tried to learn it but had found that they preferred attack over defence.
“Yeah…but…that was-” he stammered trying to find an acceptable excuse to avoid Natasha from maiming him.
“Damn,” Clint whispered in awe. “It was like he was singing directly to someone and pouring all of his love and want into that one performance.”
Thor didn’t really think that the destruction he just witnessed was that bad in reality. He had seen many fights and battles with world’s and civilisation being destroyed, surely a ship was no big deal in comparison?
Tony had to give the point to Mary that round for only bailing out Watson. It had been a clever and devious move on her part to be the one to bail him out whilst leaving Holmes behind and that move had helped Holmes’ impression of the women, even if he had never told her that.
Recognising the statement as a half truth, Steve put a stop to the questioning before more truths came out that he didn’t want to hear. “Let’s just watch the movie,” he growled ignoring the looks of concern. He just wanted to finish watching the movie so that he could go and deal with his broken heart.
“I bet Cap wouldn’t mind if Tony did a bit of conquering and topping to him though,” Clint snarked quietly to Natasha, causing Steve to shift uncomfortably as certain scenarios shot through his mind.
“My eye sight is pretty impressive, I mean they don't call me Hawkeye for nothing and yet I didn’t even spot that,” Clint frowned feeling slightly intimidated at the display of Tony’s skills.
And with that statement Bruce’s headache exploded at the surge of disbelief and anger at his friend sitting across from him. Before anyone realised, the anger overwhelmed Bruce quicker than seen ever before.
And you’re terrified of a life without Watson in it, Steve thought dejectedly, wrongly thinking that Tony was trying to force Watson to see that he was committing to the wrong person. It was painfully obvious that Tony was scared to lose what he could have with Watson to Mary and wasn’t it painful to know that Steve had lost the prospect of a relationship with Tony to people who were long dead. He hadn’t even stood a chance.
“Stop it you fool,” muttered Bruce, even though he knew that Tony was fully aware of what he has doing.
“Fe fi fo fum,” Clint whispered, trying to ease the tension that he could feel building in the room.
Tony pointed a finger at him. “ACDC are one of the greatest rock bands ever, so show a little respect.”
Thor sensed that there was a story there and made a note to ask at a later date over a barrel of Asgardian mead.
“So you can take a moment to think about what your drinking before you actually put it in your body” Bruce observed.
“How long have you guys been watching this show?” Tony asked even though he had been told several times to be quiet. Following orders had never been his strongest suit and he was curious as to how the team had gotten into the show.
“So how is that possible? Did you time travel at some point that you never told us about?” Bruce asked his face becoming intrigued at the possibility of time travel. Before he could tell Bruce that even he, Tony Stark had yet to figure out the complexities of time travel, Clint jumped back in alarm away from Tony.
Bruce just pinched the bridge of his nose at the sight Tony ingesting yet more substances that should never enter the body. “As soon as this film finishes, I am making a powerpoint presentation about what you can and can't ingest and you will sit through it.”
Thor laughed in amusement at Tony’s choice of weapon. “You hammer is indeed tiny Friend Tony, nothing compared to the might of my own.”
“Oh come on Cap, you’re all thinking the same thing, the Genius Billionaire Playboy Philanthropist can now add Madman to his resume because there is no way he is over a hundred years old.”
“I thought he didn't bet anymore,” pointed out Bruce, recalling the disastrous dinner party where Watson had said it was far behind him.
“Ah, so he did notice what you were up to,” mused Thor, slightly enjoying the bickering between the two men as it reminded him of the simpler times when he and Loki would argue over the smallest things. He felt a pang of regret at how they both changed and wished that things could have turned out differently. He still had to wonder though what Loki was hoping to accomplish with revealing Friend Tony’s past.
Tony grimaced at the reminder of what he had told the woman to sprout. “I wanted him to understand that he would be settling for a life of domesticity.”
Everyone sans Tony burst out laughing, Thor’s booming laugh easily being heard over everyone else’s.
“That’s not going to fly Tony since JARVIS won’t be flying the suit in a battle. I’m sure that you can spare an hour of your time just for us.”
“Damn Nat, I wished you had told me before,” Clint whistled, slightly hurt that his oldest friend hadn’t told him this significant part of her history.
“Oh dear,” breathed Bruce as he tried to get his breathing under control from the earlier surprise, trying to think of how a medical doctor could misdiagnose a death.
Clint growled lowly, his fingers twitching for his bow and arrow. “I just want to put an arrow right between those bushy eyebrows."
“Why did the Inspector do that?” Thor asked. “I thought on Midgard once then enemy had been defeated they were to be arrested, not continued to be attacked.”
“TIN MAN DO STUPID THINGS ON THE TV,” Hulk grumbled, poking a finger at Tony’s chest to reiterate the point. “HULK AND PUNY BANNER NO LIKE SEEING TIN MAN GET HURT.”
“I asked Flora whilst Watson was off getting the food that I asked for, if you looked carefully, you would have seen her walking away just as Watson came back.”
“Well he’s got a point there,” grinned Clint, a gleeful gleam in his eyes at Tony’s predicament. He desperately wished that he had his phone on him right now to capture this moment. Natasha huffed in agreement and the rest of the team decided that there was no harm in letting the Hulk hold Tony until Bruce came back. Although Steve did make sure that he was sitting a little bit closer to the two, a move that did not go unnoticed by a certain demi-god.
Bruce started the calming breaths that Tony suggested earlier, his thoughts half focused on keeping the rising anger at the movie at bay.
“Eagle will you please take off your mask!” Bodies leant into the screen as the Eagle reached up to pull of his mask. A few tense moments passed as the mask was worked off and gasps spread across the room.
“Of course, I did! Although back then it was more a case of keep your friends close and your enemies closer.”
The Asgardian frowned at the response, his brows drawn together which gave the appearance that he had a giant furry caterpillar laying there. “You are indeed a strange people.”
“So, Tony I was planning on doing some team exercises today and we’re going to need you to wear the suit to practice some air drills,” Steve said erasing the hurt look on his face with one of determination.
His hands shake as he reaches up to cover his mouth in shock, only to feel a warm trickle of liquid down his finger.
While he makes zero profit from what he does and doesn’t plan to change that, he may or may not have a Wikipedia page, and a slightly cryptic website logging all his works. That part is mostly for fun. He edits the Wiki when he finds little bits of false information.
In the shower, Steve allows the lukewarm water hitting his back to somewhat wash away his anxiety. There’s no way it’s all just going to go away because of a shower, but it helps him relax. He’s doing this. Hell, he’d already broken the law, and last night hadn’t been the first time either. Infiltrating Stark Tower?
So that’s how he wakes up, with porn of himself blaring from the television and one nude James Barnes seated on the edge of his bed.
Tony finally speaks up. “You too then? Where’s all that entitlement coming from? You’re here, you might as well be as awful as the great
Ever eager to please, Tony takes the words as his invitation to crawl down from the table and settle between Bucky’s legs. He puts his mouth to work, sucking and swallowing and absolutely gagging himself on Bucky’s length, pushing past the feeling of dejection when Bucky doesn’t even twitch, or even look at him for that matter. He pulls back with a pout, licking his reddened lips.
Tony loves choking on it. He loves the sensual feeling of his own sticky saliva sliding out of his mouth around Bucky’s cock and down his face, of his throat being violated, the feeling of Bucky’s wet cock depriving him of air and the discomfort of not being able to control the situation keeps his body lax and his dick stiff.
“A hypocrite too. Where would you be without wishful thinking? Where would all these people be? I don’t favor anything about Howard Stark, but once upon a time this building was only a vision in his head. Look at the world around us, then backtrack 50 years and tell me again wishful thinking doesn't get us far.”
“Just because he called Howard a bastard, you think he’s going to, what, not give a description—just say nothing about what he saw? Some extra zeros probably got scratched out on his allowance. That’s wishful think—” Steve cuts himself off.
Steve is biting at his lip as he approaches Howard’s office. The room is large, the walls are glass, and inside Steve sees a dark mahogany desk, a desktop sitting on it. Outside the door, is his black bag that Bucky must have placed. He doesn't spare a thought to how Bucky had gotten it there, and instead takes off his blazer, giving it a poor fold before he sets it down and picks up his bag.
, who just so happens to currently hold the title of overall WSL Championship winner, with a whopping total of 59.600 points, easily takes the cake as being the hunkiest surfer ever.
Howard gives him a hard stare but keeps talking. “Leave. Check the progress of whatever you submitted to R&D, leave, and be back by ten. You’ll dress accordingly, mask included.”
Steve re-enters the main room of the apartment and approaches the couple. They’re in the middle of a conversation.
The stencil is of a dripping red peace sign, painted by two soldiers with a bucket full of blood. The soldiers are holding Stark guns.
Steve thinks Howard Stark must have shit his pants when he saw it—the masterpiece had been removed from the building only a few hours ago. He’d stopped by Stark Tower during his lunch break to watch from the ground as the last of it was washed away. Steve remains quite proud of himself. The difficulty of getting onto the building’s roof that had nearly killed him was worth every bit of effort he’d exerted.
In the back of his mind, there is a voice nagging to him that Steve might be cheating, but Tony feels too fragile to confront his partner.
“Maybe you don’t need it after all. Little Stevie enough for you?  If you want it so bad, do it right.”
Tony smiles and sets his things against the wall. He allows his feet to carry him towards the door of the common room. It’s cracked, and Tony can see a strip of Steve’s blue shirt directly in front of him through the open space.
” Howard screams and for once Tony is glad it’s not at him. Still, his father is angry. And that only means he’s in the eye of the hurricane watching the storm that is a fortune 500 tycoon pour down on everyone else. “If it isn’t gone by noon you’re all fired.” The rage hiding behind Howard’s eyes, even when his voice is calm, is quite more terrifying than his yell, anyway. “Actually, better yet,” Howard raises an arm and motions to the public relations officer, a man named Ethan who’s worked at SI for
this is okay too.” Tony eyes the television from around Bucky’s looming figure, and he doesn’t get any other words out before he’s being lifted and groped.
It had been too early for Bucky to show up on his own, so Steve had evidently been thinking with his dick and told Bucky to swing by, if the home video they’d made last week playing on the television was anymore of an indication.
“What is in your top five then?” Bruce asked as he adjusted his glasses. Ducking his head as his cheeks flushed slightly, Tony mumbled something that the team couldn't quite catch.
Thor perked his head up at the mention of his brother’s name, a speculative look passing over his face as though he was wondering how Loki had found out.
Natasha sighed and diverted some of her attention to Tony. “It’s called The Masked Singer. It’s a show where celebrities dress up in costumes to hide their identity and they sing in their normal voices whilst a panel tries and guesses who they are based on their voice and clues given. Tonight’s the final and we’ve got bets on who is who so if you want to watch then sit down and be quiet.”
“You’re not going to go through this alone Tony, we’ll be here with you and will take necessary pauses if you need to take a moment, no one will judge you for that.”
“In simplest terms, the Lord Chief Justice represents the views of the country to Parliament as well as being the highest judge in the system outside of the Supreme Court and Lord Chancellor. He held a lot of power and had a lot of connections that would have made him a very important man.” Tony answered with a faint tone of disgust in his voice.
“Still,” Clint continued as Bruce figured out another piece of the Tony puzzle, “you thought that you could scare him out of commitment with lace doilies and china figurines?”
“Yep," Tony replied. “Construction began in 1886 and it officially opened in 1894. It really was quite remarkable engineering for the time when you consider the factors and skills used."
“What do you mean what?!” Clint exclaimed his eyes bugging out of his face. “You just took out a man in five seconds flat with some strange looking into the future thing.”
“Shhhhh!” Clint exclaimed at him, waving a hand back at him to make him quieten down as the team sat around the TV in the common room. Not one member looked to him as he entered the room, all of their attention focused on the TV with such attention that Tony was surprised that he had even been acknowledged even if it was to tell him to be quiet.
“Of course not! It’s not that I don't trust you guys but nobody has ever understood when I’ve told them before. Every time I told someone it resulted in me getting hurt either emotionally or physically so it just became habit to keep it to myself. After keeping a secret for hundreds of years it’s pretty hard to break that mentality. You guys are the most important people in my life and I couldn't bear to lose you all, it may have been selfish of me but it was the only way I knew to keep myself safe. I trust you all with my life and would die for you all in a heartbeat so don’t ever go thinking that I don’t care about you guys!”
The soldier made no response to the obvious answer since there was something in his gut saying that they were nervous for another reason.
“And there is the real reason for the fish and chip stand,” noted Natasha, becoming more and more impressed with how well Tony was at manipulation. Although it scared her a little that it came naturally to Tony like breathing did to her.
“You’re an alien, aren’t you?” Clint exclaimed his fingers twitching in nervousness at the thought that Tony wasn't possibly human.
“That’s slightly disgusting,” frowned Bruce at the sight of Tony taking a drink of an unknown substance.
I love writing this story but when you have to watch a scene multiple times to get the structure of the chapter and then think of different reactions without making the story repetitive and then edit the chapter, it can sometimes be a little bit off putting. Also I don't have a beta so I feel as though it takes me twice as long to try and get through certain things such as editing or remembering to add certain parts or even remembering to do the writing!
Steve sighed internally, not looking forward to seeing what happened when things spiralled out of control. He didn’t want to watch any sex scenes of Tony with someone else.
Nodding to himself, since it made sense, although he suspected that Tony was still hiding something, but it wasn't related to the film, Bruce stepped in to try and redirect the teams' attention to film at hand. “Well that’s sorted then can we get back to the film, anymore questions about this can wait to the end of the film okay.”
“I could teach him a thing or two about stealing, not very subtle at all,” mumbled Clint, recalling on his years as a petty thief to survive.
“Yeah and I’m fucking Hansel from Hansel and Gretel. Hell, we’re all fictional characters come to life, it's so obvious now!”
Steve also gasped slightly but his reasons were slightly different. Even though his mind was starting to deal with the idea that Tony loved another, his body hadn't gotten the message and he found himself slightly turned on by the sight of a sweaty Tony. Shifting slightly in his seat to hide the evidence, he failed to see the amused glances of the team as they tried to conceal their laughter.
I'm so glad that your liking my Jealous Steve and there will be much more of him to come in the next chapter as we will be meeting Irene, which I know some of you are really looking forward too ;)
“I watch it to learn more about your race and your traditions and hope to learn enough to take this back to Asgard with me!” At this, the Asgardian turned to give Tony a cheeky grin and wink, that Tony couldn’t help to chuckle at as he imagined a group of hardened Asgardian warriors dress up in what they consider to be costumes in front of Odin.
“There’s the damn crow again,” frowned Natasha, wondering if this was going to be a recurring theme in the film when someone was about to die.
“You had best shut your mouth now Barton before I rig your arrows to explode and set fire to your ass,” Tony threatened darkly.
“Definitely can add madman to his title,” whispered Clint, subtly giving Thor a low high five that went unnoticed by the others.
First of let me just say thank you to everyone for your continued support, seriously without you guys I doubt that I would have carried on with this story so big thanks.
Tony looked almost proud of the way Irene had handled herself on screen. “Did you guys seriously think that she couldn't handle herself. She’s a criminal for Thor’s sake!”
Tony stood up and took a deep bow at the praise. All of a sudden, his arms started flailing as he was pulled back down by Steve with an exasperated smile.
“Yeah, yeah, laugh it up,” Tony ground out, not happy at having to be teased twice about the whole Irene situation. Wiping the tears coming from his eyes, Steve sent an apologetic smile that instantly made the whole situation better for Tony. Seeing Steve smile was one of the best things that Tony had ever seen and if it meant that it came out due to teasing at his expense then so be it.
Upon exiting the elevator he was greeted to the sight of Steve cooking pancakes in an apron that read Sarcasm Is the Ability to Insult Idiots Without Them Realising It. It was things like this that made it increasingly difficult for Tony to hide his feelings. All he wanted to do after seeing that apron was walk up to Steve and kiss him on those perfect lips before proclaiming that he was the only one that understood Tony. Instead he purposely walked into the kitchen determinedly trying to ignore Steve as he went past, going straight for the coffee maker which seemed to already have a cup waiting for him. He decided to chalk it up to JARVIS being one step ahead of him.
“What the hell was that?” Clint exclaimed looking around the room to try and find the source of the light.
“I don’t know but I’m guessing it has something to do with that,” Bruce relied pointing to the dining room table which now held a rectangular case and a piece of paper.
Bruce looked at Tony in concern for a slight moment. In that simple sentence Tony had sounded an awful lot like his British counterpart. Bruce saw Natasha give the same look to Tony and made a mental note to keep an eye on the engineer.
Seeing that the disc had been placed into the DVD player, Tony took a deep breath and pressed the play button.
Because he’d still be alive Natasha thought to herself bitterly. Memories of the red room flashed in her mind as the voices of her teachers echoed in her head. Once an asset has fulfilled its usefulness, they must be eliminated lest someone else tries to use them.
“Then I would be in the position to say that what afflicts you is magical in origin. It may be possible to gather information in Asgard as there may be records and teachings in the Great Library.”
“Any man with the name Coward is definitely going to live up to that name,” Clint declared, immediately taking a dislike to the name after only hearing him speak once.
“I’m born, I live and I die. The only difference is that when I die I don’t stay dead and no I’m not a zombie” he pointed out before Clint could ask. “When I die I’m reborn in a new life with a new name. The only things that remain constant is how I look, my skills and my memories of my past lives except for my first which I have no recollection off. I grow up in each new life with the knowledge of the way the world use to be and have to learn how to adjust with all the memories. Like the time that I died in 1604 and was reborn in 1758, seriously that one took me years to wrap my head around.”
Bruce twitched uneasily at the comment. Luckily no-one in the room caught it since he didn't want to explain what his issue was with Watson’s diagnosis. Hopefully it would be the film would clear up the issue before he was forced to correct Tony’s best friend.
Nodding his agreement at the super soldier Tony moved towards the couches surrounding the tv and took a seat on the couch directly in front of the screen. Clint, Bruce and Thor took a seat on the couch to Tony’s left, with Bruce sitting next to Thor who would most likely need things explained to him during the film.
“Are you going to say anything Cap?” Tony slightly snarked falling back on his masks to cover the hurt that he was feeling and also, he wanted to get some form of a reaction from the super soldier.
Without any warning to the rest of the team, Hulk turned back into Bruce, with the transformation being much quicker than usual due to the calm environment. The team stared in surprise at the action, watching as Bruce once more appeared, clad only in the stretchy shorts that had been created for Hulk transformations and nothing else apart from Tony still sitting in his lap.
Poor Steve right? Don't worry he'll be set on track as soon as Tony comes to terms with his own emotions which means he'll have his own revelations soon enough ;)
Steve knew right then he was going to hate this scene whilst Natasha stared at the woman in confusion. The way the woman looked at Tony reminded her of how she acted when she was playing a mark. Although there did seem to be a hint of something genuine in her gaze but Natasha wasn’t sure what it was exactly.
Natasha recalled back to the beginning of the film and how Tony had entered the building only after opening the doors wide open.
Clint felt his own surprise creep on him at the woman’s comment. What were the chances that the two would stumble upon someone with psychic abilities? Was it possible that there were actual supernatural elements to the whole situation?
Thor was still slightly confused with Midgard’s weight system but he gathered by the looks on his teammates faces that half a tonne was quite significant.
Tony huffed at the reasoning behind Watson’s conclusion. They both had known why Watson continually followed Tony and it wasn’t because of a mental condition but instead because of the brotherly bond they had.
“I would like to know some time in the future Friend Tony, perhaps we could go through it chronologically as I believe that it would make more sense.” Thor sounded so sincere and earnest that Tony didn’t have it in him to say no.
“You could have been a bit politer to the lady,” scowled Steve, having been raised to always treat a lady with respect no matter her position.
