“We… We were completing the trials. We found out that Sam would die if he completed the final one. I convinced him to stop, but…”
His older brother winked at him, only confirming his statement as he took a swig of beer. Sam sat at the table with the books, researching another crossroads demon that they could interrogate. They still hadn’t found Lilith, and it was getting so close to Dean’s lethal deadline. Sam didn't want to lose his brother. He couldn't. His mothers death, Jess’ death- they had been his fault. Azazel killed them, of course, but if Sam had never been born, they would have still been alive. Now, his brother was sacrificing himself for him, another death to add to the list of things he felt guilty for.
“Alastair,” he spoke. For normal people, it probably looked as if there was no response from the grotesque beverage. But to Dean, the hellish words flowed into his mind.
After another few beats of silence, Kevin sighed. “We’ll just find another way. A way that preferably won’t kill anyone.”
He tossed the goblet and its contents into the dead man’s lap, then evacuated the vessel he wore. If he was going to kill Sam, he was going to do it in style.
Looking up at the stars, Castiel couldn’t help but wonder where Sam and Dean were at that moment. He hoped that Sam was okay. Dean had seemed so worried, and that was enough to make Castiel nervous about the situation. Castiel was used to Dean being somewhat vulnerable around them, but he figured it was because he was someone to talk to outside of Sam. Yet, Dean still hesitates in telling them the whole truth. If something had happened to Sam…
Sam could hear the intentions loud and clear. Either Sam assisted in aiding the angel’s search, or they’d use a more forceful means of persuading him to do so.
“What happened?” Kevin asked, his voice trembling. Dean tore himself away from Kevin’s tearful gaze and stomped towards the bunker’s library room. He needed to replenish supplies if he were to find Cas in a timely manner, assuming angels weren’t already on his ass. He grabbed a half-supplied duffle from one of the tables and walked from area to area gathering supplies to fill the duffle with. He was grabbing holy oil from one of the storage rooms when he felt a hand whip him around by his shoulder.
“He can change,” Sam argued. “You changed- I mean you're helping me. Maybe he's the same. Maybe we can change him back somehow.”
“Come on, Sammy,” he said, adjusting his shoulder under Sam’s weight as he entered the elevator and pressed his fingers against the smooth button. “We’re taking you home. We’ll get you fixed up. It’s just another day on the job, right?”
“Listen, Sam,” she began. “You brother is a crossroads demon, and it should have been against his MO to fight angels. Demons have been told to gather and riot against them. He’s on a different job, but he still takes the same vessels, so there’s still a pattern. But you have to remember its NOT Dean in there. That is a demon. Its not him anymore.”
The angel looked satisfied with his answer, and then vanished. Sam heaved an exasperated sigh, flopping down in the creaky motel chair in a fit of frustration.
There’s nothing she could say to make it any better. He’d failed his brother, and worse, Dean hadn’t hesitated to kill him. Or attempt to, at least.
“It’s not my place to say,” Castiel said firmly, his gaze hardening. “But yes, him becoming a demon is an issue, both for you and for us. We need him.”
He could hear Kevin’s small footsteps trailing behind him. As much as he wanted to turn around and chew out the kid, he bit his tongue and let Kevin follow. Sam wouldn’t be dead for long- this was temporary. He didn’t need to explain anything to Kevin yet, not until he had to.
“A name,” he repeated, a harsher tone lacing his voice as he twisted the blade deeper into the angel’s shoulder.
He scratched at his new prickly, graying beard as he wandered the streets, receiving a mix of pitiful and insulting glances from the humans who walked alongside him. Some heading to work, some heading to the store. Living life normally. Blissfully unaware.
The thought of Cas being around forever was somewhat a comforting thought before he realized Cas was now human- and every angel was currently out for his throat. Cas was in more danger than ever. Right now it felt like everyone around Dean didn’t have much in the way of a lifespan, but as much as Dean wanted to stay leagues away from Cas for his own safety, he knew Cas’ safest option would be to seek refuge in their fortified Men Of Letters bunker. He had told Cas to meet him there, but the guy couldn’t even fly anymore. It could take days, weeks, maybe even months before Cas found his way to Kansas. Everything felt so dismal.
Dean turned to leave, only to realize Kevin had snuck up beside him. Kevin’s almond eyes filled with tears, and he bit his lip to keep himself from crying harder. Dean knew Kevin was trying not to cry in front of him. There was nothing to cry about. Sam would be back soon. He grabbed Kevin by the arm, ushering the grief-stricken kid out of the room and slamming the door behind them. Kevin yanked his arm out of Dean’s steely grip.
“And a cheerleader before that, and a recently alleged drug dealer, a rich bachelor,” Sam spoke, and just hearing his voice made Dean feel nostalgic, a feeling he hadn’t had in a long time, before it was shoved back down his throat once again. “Don’t think you slipped through our fingers, we’ve been tailing you ever since you killed that family in Wisconsin.” That’s right. The Carlunds, he definitely did that.
“They may be using an alternative means to capture you. Angels aren't the type to get their hands dirty. They don't want to kill you, but if they said they need you, they mean it. They're going to get to you through any means”
Dean had decided to stop by the bunker first. Along the way, he realized he couldn’t bear to be in the car with Sam’s dead body any longer than he had. He figured that with Sam’s body placed safely in his room, it would be the safest place for him until Dean could bring him back. However, Crowley was going to remain in the trunk during this trip. Although the dungeon was heavily warded, this was the King of Hell and Dean had trust issues. He opened the trunk to check on the demon, only to receive glares and mumblings through a gagged mouth that Dean didn’t care to listen to. Despite the urge to stab Crowley then and there, he still had a brother to save and he figured that this particular demon could be helpful in that. Stubbornly so, Dean guessed, but helpful nonetheless.
Dean could feel his demonic nature engulfing his human weaknesses back up again, like sealing the cracks of a broken porcelain doll with glue. Ruby seemed to snap out of whatever shock she was in. She was refusing to say or do anything about this, as if she wanted him dead. Out if the way. So, when Sam looked over for her approval to kill, she remained silent and stoic. Dean hoisted himself from the ground, holding onto the wall to maintain his balance, and his demon eyes flicked away to reveal the vessel’s human eyes underneath.
Dean headed inside the bunker through its first door, and it felt eerily cold and unwelcoming, setting him on edge while he trudged down the stairs. He figured that may be because he was carrying his dead, gargantuan brother over his shoulders after a particularly shitty day. Dean just about fell through the second door, regaining his balance as he shifted the weight from foot to foot. Suddenly, he heard something whizz toward him, only to hit the railing with a sharp crack. Dean grunted and cautiously peered over the ledge, noticing an arrow stuck in the wooden railing.
Now that he doesn’t have to hide or struggle against it, the raw strength and intensity of his love for Castiel are hitting Dean like a hurricane.
hear Dean and is choosing to ignore him, but he refuses to let that thought take hold. After everything they’ve been through, that
content that he could fall asleep just like this, standing and everything. “Lucky for you,” he murmurs, kissing the space below Castiel’s ear, “there’s only one thing in all of creation that I want. And you already gave it to me.”
Thinking back now, the four weeks after Castiel’s death are a bit of a blur. Dean found ways to distract himself — both big and small — but he knows that he was fast approaching his limit, and nothing good has ever come of Dean Winchester hitting his limit. He would’ve crashed
Castiel makes a wounded sound in the back of his throat and suddenly they’re kissing again. It’s slow and possessive and
for a solid ten minutes. Driving and listening to Steve Walsh belt out “lay your weary head to rest, don’t you cry no more” was uplifting.
Dean repeats, leaning in to press their lips together briefly before pulling him closer. Not just a hug, but a lover’s embrace. The way he was always meant to hold Castiel because this is how they were made to fit together. It took them twelve years to get here and Dean has twelve years’ worth of things that he wants to say and do and he isn’t sure where to start. “I’ll spend the rest of our existence making sure you believe that. I never have and I never will love
But it doesn’t. Dean paces around the car and there’s an awful, sour feeling building in the pit of his stomach. “Can’t even be happy in Heaven,” he grumbles to himself, deciding to walk down the road. (Baby will be fine; he can keep driving after he’s gotten this out of his system.) “Can’t even be happy when there’s no reason to be anything
Castiel’s brow pinches in a hint of anger. “Then why don’t you tell me what I should have done,” he says, his tone harder.
Dean is gasping like he’s running a marathon and his breaths only seem to be getting faster. He can’t hear anything over the pounding in his ears and he isn’t sure if he’s whispering or shouting anymore. “You... you said...
is what Heaven is supposed to be. Reliving his favorite memories would have been nice and all, but there would always be an undercurrent of sadness to it. Though they might be moments Dean is happy to relive, it would only be a matter of time until Dean relived the
Dean’s eyes are wide and he keeps them fixed on the road ahead of him. He isn’t suffocating because he’s already dead but it sure as hell
Now all he can hear is the wind whipping by and the roar of Baby’s engine, but that’s fine. He’s always loved driving in comfortable silence just as much as he loves cranking the stereo up to its highest volume. Everything about this is
“I thought about you,” he whispers. For how nerve-wracking this is, he may as well be screaming it for everyone in the universe to hear and he
All things considered, it was a shitty way to die after everything he’s been through, but the few times that Dean forced himself to think of the future, he didn’t like what he saw. If
Dean remembers looking into his own eyes in the mirror. He remembers thinking with absolute certainty that he would be digging his own grave if he didn’t throw the jacket into the fire.
Dean feels like a puppet with its strings cut. He chokes on a sob and it breaks the kiss and jostles Castiel’s hand away from his cheek but it breaks something else inside him — something that Dean has
enough. Over twelve years of looks and touches and words and moments between them have been unmistakable but only this kiss is enough to dislodge the fear and doubt.
what Castiel is asking him to say. He’s practically begging Dean to say it and it’s the one thing Dean
“It really was,” Dean snaps before he can stop himself. The anger is a familiar comfort that Dean craves right now. “What in
“You can’t,” Castiel repeats softly. His breath ghosts across Dean’s face and he’s sure that his heart will stop any moment now. The pace is agonizing but Castiel is still moving closer and Dean stays immobile. But he’s begging with his eyes.
he hisses, his annoyance intensifying. He wipes at the tears but after his third pass, it’s clear that they aren’t going to slow or stop. Dean gets out of the car, his feet unsteady under him as he slams the door shut a bit too hard and just
But he can’t force the words out. The fears and the doubts keep everything inside with a vicelike grip and he doesn’t have what it takes to shake them loose. “Don’t leave.” Not the
Castiel manages to spit it out before Dean’s world can collapse in on itself and Dean takes a deep breath, folding himself into the angel’s space to calm his racing pulse. The doubts and fears are going to be difficult to uproot, but he’s not the only one fighting. Not anymore, not ever again. Every look can now be a plea for reassurance and every touch an affirmation that their love is reciprocated. Dean is more than ready for this uncertainty to wither and die.
Everything feels too intense, like a live wire is touching an exposed nerve. “You should stay because I” —
Dean remembers the confusion of seeing the mark on his shoulder for the first time. He remembers the relief of watching it slowly fade away. He remembers the disappointment of catching his reflection in the mirror one day and seeing that there was no trace of it left.
Castiel’s gaze is still contemplative and Dean has never felt as strung out as he does right now under the angel’s scrutiny. Several emotions show in his blue eyes but Dean can’t name a single one of them. “Dean, please tell me
but now it’s getting uncomfortable. Dean’s heart is still fluttering and he still feels jittery but the joy has vanished and he’s...
“I tried not to think about you because every time I did, it felt... I don’t know, I felt sick. But I couldn’t stop it. I thought about you
But if Castiel isn’t in the Empty and he didn’t answer Dean’s prayers then it must be because he didn’t hear Dean. Castiel might not even be an angel anymore. (A dark part of him wonders if Castiel
he wants to scream — maybe just a wordless, piercing wail that will somehow get across everything that Dean is too afraid to say out loud. Dean knows the words. He knows that saying it will bring an end to this awful uncertainty (for better or worse).
what’s building inside Dean and he isn’t sure what’s going to happen when it finally causes him to burst. It’ll be so much worse than the way his hands are shaking. It’ll be so much worse than the fat tears he feels rolling down his cheeks and soaking into the neckline of his shirt.
“Dean, seriously. Quit it. We’ll be tied out here for hours,” Cas scolds while he unconsciously undulates into Dean’s channel, hitting his prostate making Dean moan through his snorts of laughter.
“Yes, this is Castiel. Oh, Hi Pamela, what’s she…” Cas is cut off as Pamela Barnes, the Manager of Shady Acres lets fly with the story of his Grandma’s latest shenanigans.
They are both eager, lips and tongues meeting and tangling. Castiel’s kisses are passionate, all-consuming and Dean forgets himself. His hesitancy, his fears of being too old for Castiel evaporate when the dragon eagerly moans and trembles beneath his hands. Dean’s hands drag down the planes of Castiel’s pectorals and abdomen, his fingers caressing the dragon’s Adonis’ belt. Teasing Castiel, touching close but not close enough to satisfy the other man.
Folgers doesn’t look at Dean as he makes his way back to the coffee cup, clearly in a huff. His entire body language is quick and jerky and so obviously frustrated at Dean’s laughter.
“You are,” Cas sighs, curling around Dean tighter, his hand accidentally smearing the cooling jizz and he makes a little noise of disgust. It doesn’t stop him from wrapping his arms completely around Dean and pressing a chaste kiss into his cheekbone. “You are the backbone of this family. You are everything to me and I will spend the rest of my days honoring the essence of you,” Cas states seriously, making the tears well up in Dean’s eyes.
Carding his fingers through Castiel’s hair, Dean guides Castiel’s lips to his own, “Of course my Lord, after all... I am your companion.”
Dean draws deep breaths, trying to quell the snorts of laughter that are rising in his chest. He doesn’t want to ruin his Alpha’s climax with his own giggling, but thinking about the faces of the boys breaks his self control and he laughs, triggering another awkward orgasm from Castiel behind him. Castiel growls into his mate’s neck, but cannot help but see the absurdity of the moment himself,  his chuckling becoming a moan as he once more coats the inside of his husband with his seed.
“Hello dragon,” Dean says, crooking his finger and scratching his chin again, “You hungry? I could whip up some bacon and eggs for the two of us? Would you like that?”
“Do you know this Cassie’s room assignment?” Sam asks, holding on to Dean before his hot head of a brother storms off.
Dean’s shoulders shake with effort, he tries to quell his chuckles, but he eventually just starts up again as he points to the pile of abandoned gardening equipment.
“Yeah, I guess, I’m in Stern,” Sam offers, his arms crossed but he’s definitely not happy about the idea of his brother involving himself in debauchery. “Dean, let’s think about this for real. I can’t leave you here.”
“And I you,” Castiel responds smiling, the smile so big he can barely kiss Dean’s lips. Dean gets more teeth than lips. He gathers Dean up reverently, placing soft kisses and slotting their legs together. Dean’s eyelids are so heavy and he can feel the call of sleep slowly pulling him under. “Let’s sleep, rest,” Castiel snuggles into Dean.
It’s not until the depths of winter that Castiel kisses Dean for the very first time. They are spread out on furs in front of the fire in the den. Dean’s head is pillowed in Castiel’s lap, the princes’ fingers languidly carding through his hair. Magic thrumming between them. Castiel tenderly kisses his forehead, making Dean stutter the words he’s reading. Cas’ lips are dry, plush, and they linger near Dean.
“Daddy and Jack are in the bathroom taking a bath again,” she answers and holds out the box towards Castiel.
“You did so well my love,” Castiel praises, kissing his palm and then his lips, “So very well. Words cannot express how much I love you.”
“How about,” Dean whispers and then pulls on Cas’ bottom lip between his own, “How about we get naked and we do whatever you're comfortable with? Hmmm? You are in complete control.”
When they are alone, they can be themselves. They don’t talk about it, but each man acknowledges to himself how important the other is. Despite pressure from families and friends to “find a nice girl and settle down” neither man wants this, they are content in the companionship and friendship they find in each other.
Everyone, as always, is crowded around the kitchen. Eileen, Sam, Jack, Bobby, and Mary. Mary’s face brightens as she sees Dean, Castiel in tow. His mother has aged beautifully, her gray hair artistically styled in a bob.
Dean takes a large gulp of his wine and pops a dessert into his mouth. He doesn’t know how to reply to the Prince’s confession. He himself has been lonely. The ache in the corner of his heart for something more weighs on him. He knows how it is, to search for something more. Perhaps the Fates guided him here… maybe he’ll find his destiny here. If Dean is honest with himself he has always wanted something more than the life of a soldier, but with John of Winchester as his Sire it had always been soldiering or nothing. Children and other comforts were for the women folk.
“Keep your eyes on the road,” Dean purrs into Cas’ ear, his hand traveling up to the seat of Cas’ pants.
At the time, Dean was working full time at his father’s garage and basically running the place, four years his senior Dean had seemed so worldly compared to Castiel who was just a freshman. Dorky, insecure, not quite grown into his limbs faced with Dean’s beauty… it had been daunting.
“Pretty dick, Cas,” Dean compliments, his fingers teasing Cas’ cockhead. His Alpha is thicker and longer than Dean, only by a little, but his knot is slowly filling much to Dean’s satisfaction.
It’s like a fucking warzone in the house. The kitchen has food at various states of consumption from one counter to the other. Their medicine drawer is upended. Every single toy is out and scattered from the playroom to the living room. Clothes soaked in bodily fluids are piled up in front of the washer.
Like I’ve said before. Dean’s dick is huge. Not just huge, but enormous. Not just enormous but gigantic. He has a giant dick. A substantial schlong. But, being a sensitive guy, he uses his assets with sensitivity and skill.
“Oh, Alpha, yes, please. Fuck, that feels so good! Want you...” Dean’s speech devolves into curse words as Castiel points his tongue and spears the warm muscle, loosening and pulling at the edges as he delves further in. He inserts a finger alongside his tongue, causing Dean to writhe, thrusting himself back onto his Alpha’s face.
Rolling his tongue and tasting the droplet of slick, Castiel hums with pleasure, the love of his life tastes amazing… but Castiel knows they
“John of Winchester, as punishment for your foolish uprising against the crown, you will suffer the loss of your life. I will strip your sons of their titles and their lands and I will be taking one of your sons to live the rest of his days in my dungeons while the other is doomed to wander this land penniless and alone,” Michael of Andover’s voice rings over the large field where mangled bodies are spread out like pox upon the land. The Witch King is in polished metals, his chest plate shines still beneath the spray of blood adorning it.
All Dean can do is wait ‘till Cas gets home from dropping Claire off, he’s pissed off and his hands are shaking so badly that he’s wrinkling Cas’ work shirts after putting all the effort into ironing them. Dean was trying to be nice, trying to do the right thing. Towels were needed in the kids’ bathroom and so he was going to do that. On the hunt for the missing linen, he searched for towels in each of the kids’ rooms. The girls had a bad habit of wrapping the towels around their hair and wandering off. Dean certainly never expected to find a baggy of pot underneath a pile of Krissy’s clothes. Disappointed and angry, Dean tried talking to Krissy but their “conversation” ended in shouting where Krissy had dared to use her Alpha voice on Dean. Dean was beside himself.
Sputtering, Dean throws up his hands and quickly gets out of bed, “You were a small cute dragon! Almost a pet! I would have never… I wouldn’t!”
Castiel nods and looks away only briefly. “I know that, Dean. I would never do anything to endanger you, I was just looking for a way to avoid that flight.”
Rinsing and drying is clumsy and although Dean would never admit it, full of giggles. Cas is always eager. He’s kissing Dean like he’s been starving for him. Moaning loudly and spurring Dean on. They fall to the bed, limbs entwined and enjoying the feel of their damp skin pressed up against each other.
“That was… lovely,” Castiel comments, his fingers idly connecting the freckles on Dean’s chest, “I’ve never been with another but I can understand the allure now.”
Dean is quick to work them together, his hand twisting and teasing over their two members. Castiel watches, transfixed on the sight of his cock disappearing and reappearing in the meat of Dean’s palm where it is pressed up against Dean’s own beautiful cock. His Omega is big, thick, and beautifully shaped. Castiel secretly laments that really don’t have the time for more than this.
Castiel starts again, his face open and earnest and so young, but Dean hushes him with a quick kiss on the lips, “Let's go home, talk this through without an audience, ok?”
“Why are you back?” Sam questions pulling off his headphones and throwing them down and he looks at the sweatshirt weirdly, “Why are you clutching that sweatshirt like a complete weirdo?”
Dean’s Monday morning alarm blares, bringing him out of peaceful slumber. Letting out a loud groan, while one arm reaches out blindly to slap at his clock to turn the infernal noise off, Dean sleepily takes stock of how he’s feeling this morning. He’s got some of the aches and pains of being a man in his forties, but overall he feels good. He feels unbelievably good, the body curled up against him is warm and heavy against his chest. Dean melts into the strong arms wrapped around him. The tuft of soft hair underneath his chin smells like a crisp wood fire and miles of naked flesh is pressed up against his own. It feels like fucking heaven.
The presentations pass in a blur of too bright and too loud, and Dean loathes the sticky film of warm champagne that clings to his face and neck.  Cas was a little too enthusiastic as he strove to gulp the bubbly drink from the oversize trophy.
“Yeah, yeah, I know,” Dean rolls his eyes, “I just forgot how much it sucks to be knotted on top. Much prefer being on bottom.”
Really, finding a dragon in his cup is the most exciting thing that has happened to Dean in the past five years. Feeling like he’s being watched, Dean jerks back out of his reverie and peers over to the dragon hanging half out of the cup watching him with intense blue eyes. They remind him of the Carribean sea.
“Hmmm, how about no,” Cas taunts, mirth in his eyes. He nuzzles Dean’s inner thigh at the juncture of leg and hip placing a kiss so close to Dean’s cock that he can feel the warmth of his own breath.
Dean would always ask Mary if he’d become rich if he found a dragon. Mary, ever wise, would always reply, “You will be rich beyond your wildest imagination.”
Realization creeps in, his Mom gave him that for his birthday last year. She had told him she was dabbling in woodworking as a hobby and so he had hung the plaque up next to his back door. Etched along with their last name was a dragon flying with a rider on his back.
“Cas,” Dean starts, “You don’t need to swear anything or prove anything to me. I know I’ve got some screws loose when it comes to our relationship. Half the time I worry that you are going to wake up and realize that you could be doing
” Dean croaks out, voice dangerously bordering on hysterical. Dean tries his best to create distance between the two of them, but the strange man just scoots closer, all warm skin and grabby hands as Dean tries to move away.
Dean is beyond thankful for the help, but he can’t help chuckling to himself when he sees the mug of coins. He leaves Cas in the office and is cornered by Bobby.
With one last cheer, the boys are able to leave the podium and head to the paddock where their beloved race car is parked along with the other cars from the race. The other guys are surprisingly supportive, and there are hearty handshakes and rough pounding on their backs as they push through the crowd.
Eventually as they reach the last corridor, Dean is exhausted, and resigns himself to standing there woodenly while trying to unobtrusively scent any Alphas that open each door. His brother’s hazel eyes darting nervously towards him after each door that gets shut in their face. Dean’s heart is sinking and despair pools in his gut. He’s going to get sick, once the smell fades from this sweatshirt. Dean knows the pining sickness will be bad if he doesn’t find his Alpha. Rolling his lips and licking them to wet them, Sam again knocks on another door.
The man nodded in guilty affirmation and Dean took the lead, walking steadily down the alleyway and turning into a narrow dead-end area between two brick buildings. The man kept his distance, so Dean beckoned him closer, his hand caressing the knuckle dagger in his coat pocket as if it were generous money. The man stepped closer, pulling his hood up in precaution, even though no one was around. They were shoulder to shoulder now, and the man held out his hand.
“I assume so. I’m going to get him right now. He’s somewhere near Denver, so I may be gone for a few days.”
Cas, he thought to himself. His heart sank. Cas wasn’t even with him right now, when he needed him most. Not that it was Castiel’s fault, his wings had been clipped and they were miles away without any help. If anything, Cas probably needed Dean’s help the most. But he couldn’t leave Sam. He couldn’t just leave him here. Though, Dean wasn’t sure if he could bring himself to bury Sam either.
The angel gave no protests, only his condolences as he fled the room, probably anxious to get out of Dean’s hair before more angels arrived in search of Castiel.
The angels stared them down as if they were mere rodents compared to them, and the demons looked back at them with an overwhelming hatred they didn’t really know was possible to bear, but with a hesitant fear, too.  Before Dean knew it, they were charging towards each other, the angels’ faces stoic, as if this were a milk run, which only made the demons more malicious. The angel possessing a female vessel stabbed the demon beside him, and Dean lunged at her with his own blade. It was swiftly blocked by the other angel, one possessing a man with dark hair and blue eyes. He growled and swiped at the angel, but the angel showed no signs of struggle, defending himself from each blow with fluidity as if fighting was an art form.
Dean took a long look around the bunker, then headed up the stairs and back out to the front. The Impala was still parked in her usual spot, and the trunk was still full of Crowley. He dumped the duffel bag in the back seat and sat in the driver’s, turning the key in the ignition and speeding onto the roads again, eager to get to Cas as fast as possible.
“I’m sorry, kid. It's my fault demons are still on your ass for the foreseeable future. There’s no remedying that,” Dean said, tears welling in his eyes as he evaded Kevin’s.
“Obviously not the most handsome devil on the block, but he’ll do. I was a hot bathing suit model last week, you should’ve been there for that.”
Dean nodded solemnly. He tried to steel his nerves, tried to be strong for the kid that clearly should have hated him in that moment. But Kevin didn’t seem angry, just disappointed. His eyes were more sad than anything, and his grip on Dean’s flannel loosened. Dean lowered his hand from Kevin’s shoulder.
The more Dean lost himself, the better everything felt; and that was one the one feeling he clung to most. He had once hoped he might’ve been saved, and, in a messed up and desperate way, even hoped Sam had sold his own soul so he could escape this miserable place. Not that he would have ever wished this torment upon his little brother, but he wanted everything to end.
“Yes, you can. You can put him out of his misery,” Ruby said, placing a hand on his shoulder. He shivered under her touch.
Dean brushed past Kevin and stomped down the first corridor, determined to get Sam placed in his bed. His own bed. God, Sam had left before he could officially call this place home. Sam had said this place would only be temporary, that he wouldn’t get his hopes up about this place being permanent residency. Not that Dean could blame him, they had grown up bouncing between motel rooms since he was six months old. In a sense, Sam had been right about this being a temporary placement for him. The realization stung. This wasn’t how it was supposed to go.
“Dean is out there, Ruby. I can't just sit here and do nothing!” Sam slammed his hand down on the table, surprising Ruby.
The angel didn’t look at Dean, only ahead, full of pride. He was a stubborn nut to crack, but he would crack. A darkness sparked within him, the same darkness he’d felt torturing other souls for years. He stabbed the angel in the shoulder. He didn’t want to kill it, not yet. But it would suffer if it refused to give information. The angel groaned in pain, finally letting it get to him, its pride slowly fading as it stared into the pitch black eyes of the demon before it.
“It does now” Dean scoffed in reply. He could only think of one thing to say that would save his ass, make Sam use his brain rather than remain Ruby’s dog. “Poughkeepsie.”
“Well first,” he said, crouching down and tearing the blade out of his other palm then planting a knee against the arm that lay there. The angel beneath him grumbled, only scowling at Dean.
Dean got to his feet and straightened out the henley he wore, which was now stained with blood, as well as his face and arms. Not that it mattered, for he was going to find a new vessel. And Dean was going to get the hell away from his brother before he did something reckless and got himself killed. Again
Forcibly ejected from Sam’s mind, Dean could only watch as his brother’s body grew cold, and hear the heart monitor drone on that singular sound. Anger welled up in Dean’s chest and he slammed the heart monitor to the ground with a loud crash, letting out a cry of grief as he kneeled beside Sam’s hospital bed and buried his face in his hands.
Except now. Dean had taken his own vessel, a man about his age when he himself had died, and was sent to make mischief with some hunters, creating omens and killings and mayhem, and then leave. Which is what he did, mostly. A lot of it was messing with people’s lives, too. A young girl waking up to find herself halfway across the country. A man cheating on his wife. A rich man spending his money on illegal things they would have never dreamed of buying in the first place, but somehow did.
Another angel’s blood on his hands. How many more had he already killed? How many more would he have to? Castiel felt a lump forming in his throat, and he hated the overwhelming human emotions that tugged at his heart. He turned away from Hael and started walking down the street, headed towards the bunker. That’s what Dean had told them to do, and now he knew he should listen. Dean only wanted what was best for them, he knew that.
“Kevin, listen. Sam was taken by Death, one of the horsemen. He asked not to be brought back, and Death will make sure of it. We can find a way to reverse it. There has to be something on the tablets.”
Sam looked so… dead. His skin was pale and his limbs were sprawled out unnaturally on the bed. Dean had seen enough bodies in his lifetime to know when someone was gone. He wished he could pretend Sam was sleeping here, taking a small nap after a long day like he sometimes did. But Dean couldn’t bear to look at Sam at this current moment. It was as if the universe was spitting in his face, telling him he was a failure as a brother. Again. He let this happen, again.
“Why are you two still linked!? What is wrong with you guys?” Ben shouts from outside the garage, “Can you be any more gross? Jack and I came by to help you with your raised beds and to make you lunch!”
It’s loud, too. He can barely hear himself think let alone hear the announcement from the overhead speakers over the excited noise from the crowd.
Dean practically purrs and fights the urge to nosedive into his Alpha’s bed. It smells so good. So much like home and mine, that he’s buzzing almost drunk on his Alpha’s scent. Instead, he sits daintily in the middle of the Alpha’s bed, white-knuckling the sweatshirt and telling his body to behave. It would be a very bad thing if he started to produce slick in front of his brother and a stranger.
Dean looks over at their daughter, his face long and sad. He looks up at Castiel, green eyes shining and it’s almost pitiful when his deep voice whispers, “What about birthday sex?”
“No. Not too heavy. Never too heavy.” Dean can hardly form sentences; he is so warm and sated. He has never felt so cared for, so loved. Dean opens his eyes and finds himself staring straight into the blue depths of his dragon’s eyes.
Dean wiggles in Cas’ embrace until he is partially facing his young friend. The tips of their noses touch and Castiel turns to rest his head against Dean’s temple, shielding his eyes.
Mary breaks the heavy silence as she hastily rises and scrapes her chair back from the table. She claps her hands sharply and asks everyone to help serve the meal. At her beck and call the family scramble to grab the stew, the potatoes, and the bread. Sam makes sure the salad gets to the table, while Bobby grabs some drinks.
“We know Jo, we know Jo’s parents,” Sam reasons, and as if he’s thought has slowly dawned on him, “Dad is going to be furious with me. He’s going to blame me for letting this happen. Oh god, Dean! Have you thought about Dad at all?”
“Eat in the kitchen, Alex,” Dean states sharply, “We don’t want to attract bugs in the living room.”
Cas sits back and watches his favourite family member with affection in his eyes as she admires his gift.
Jimmy, his twin and Claire’s Omega parent, aches that he’s not able to raise Claire. The voices in his head give him no rest and Castiel and Dean adopted Claire shortly after her second birthday. It was rough in the beginning, but Claire is such a sweet girl.
“Don’t beat yourself up,” Dean brushes off, swallowing the lump in his throat loudly. He won’t look at Cas, his mate’s expression crumpling in his periphery.
“I feel-” Cas starts and then stops, laughing, giving Dean a grin huge enough for Dean to see his gums, “That was amazing.”
Cas pulls his car into the familiar spot under the giant elm tree, next to a blue pickup which is odd. He usually has the spot outside Gram’s to himself as she no longer drives. Not giving it another thought he collects his phone and keys and makes his way across the lawn to Gram’s front door. The door is open, which is strange, but then Gram knew exactly what time he was arriving.
Dean jacks them quickly, perfunctorily really. The calluses on his hands add delicious friction to the smoothness of his slick. Dean kisses Castiel just the way he likes, hot and messy…a  mixture of teeth, lips, and tongue. Torturing him slowly and devouring all of Castiel’s common sense.
Cas barely lets Dean think before he’s back at it. Licking, flicking his tongue into Dean’s hole, using his fingers to search and pump into him. Dean shudders and shakes. Feeling so good and so close, Cas isn’t particularly smooth but because it’s his Alpha so determinedly trying to bring him pleasure, Dean quickly unravels. He grabs his own cock, pumping in sync with Cas’ thrusting tongue, and comes messily all over his stomach. Letting out a soft cry of Alpha and Cas.
Transferring the bacon from the pan to a plate, Dean cracks some eggs while munching on a leftover rasher. He rips off a piece and hands it over to Folgers, who gobbles it up readily. Popping some bread in the toaster he dances around the kitchen while he cooks the eggs, shimmying his hips as he brandishes a spatula. Dean scrambles the eggs soft because he doesn’t know how to cook them any other way and he divides them between himself and Folgers.
Really the dragon has taken to reception like a duck to water and has every rich old lady (and some of the men) eating out of his hand. When he is on a roll it’s like butter won’t melt in his mouth. He turns those big blue eyes on them with the “I’m listening” look, and they agree to pay any sum for the work that needs doing. Cas is not just a pretty face, he cashes out the till like he was born to it, and develops an unhealthy obsession with office supplies.
Dean thought being left behind would be a blessing, but the household is rather small and Dean is bitterly lonely by the third week. He misses his family and grieves for his Father. There is no one to talk to, the servants treat him as a Lord, bowing and curtseying in respect whenever he tries to engage them in conversation. Missouri is the only one who will speak with him at length, as the housekeeper she has more freedom than the rest. She gives Dean simple tasks to complete during the day, trying her best to keep him busy. Dean loves the manual labor, though the stable boys and maids watch him strangely.
” Dean moans when the back of Cas’ hand brushes his cock. Feather light touches skate around, teasing Dean and working his body into a frenzy. Cas follows beads of water down Dean’s nipples, his fingers skating down the side of his ribs and then up again. Another
Eyes crinkling and nose scrunched up, Cas laughs, “I know what I look like, Dean. Thank you, though.” In that moment, he looks breathtaking, eyes shining and happy. Dean just shakes his head and kisses Cas stupid. All passionate desperation, rolling his tongue up into Castiel’s mouth, nibbling his jaw, and even working his lips between his teeth. Castiel moans loudly, enthusiastically, and his eyes bug out of his head when Dean pushes him onto his back and settles between his legs.
They have not yet shared a bedroom as human partners. Castiel has been in there, of course. But after the evening spent on the couch, or the porch, a kiss, a chaste goodnight and Castiel has been reverting to dragon form for the evening. The two have only shared this space comfortably as little dragon and keeper.
Dean pulls Castiel back into his chest, shielding his eyes and pressing his face into his dragon’s neck. He can see stars, the light creating spots. Confusion swirls around his mind… so they aren’t actually bonded?
Castiel shrinks himself back with a burst of light to the tiny dragon Dean knew as Folgers. He crawls into Dean’s clothing right up against the warm skin of his chest. The dragon is cool but quickly warms and Dean rubs the little body with a smile on his face. He loves this little dragon, Castiel at his full size is majestic and powerful, but when he’s small like this… Dean loves the intimacy of having something cute and tiny pressed close to him. He can feel the dragon squirm around, tickling him in the process.
Dean finds himself  spun around quickly, his pants yanked down to the middle of his thighs, and without any warning Cas is deep within his liquid heat. Castiel is a shaking mess, messy sharp thrusts, moaning and singing his praises in Dean’s ear.
“So romantic,” Castiel huffs, looking at Dean’s sticky belly and shirt covered in his come, “Take a few minutes and shower today, ok?”
Dean had been up on the small stage singing “I’m too sexy” as a dare when he spotted the hottest guy he had ever seen standing with his arms crossed and blatantly checking him out. He was wearing a tee-shirt that was stretched across broad shoulders and nicely muscled arms. When the guy unfolded his arms to clap, Dean could read the slogan on the front “Can I be your Inner Demon?”
The last patrons wave to him and give each other a backslapping bro hug as they leave. The jukebox has run out of quarters and is silent in the corner.
“C’mon, Cas, it’s funny!” The dragon glares at him as Dean regains his feet. “I’m sorry, Cas. We never discussed this. Are you going to carry me, or am I going to ride you?” Dean’s mouth gives a giveaway twitch as he asks the question.
” Dean gasps out, shaking his hand. Feeling the residual fire clinging to his flesh. Castiel nervously chuckles, trying to smooth out Dean’s clothes and comfort the older man.
Dean cannot for the life of him find purchase and slips until he is hanging from the young dragon’s neck and scrabbling for purchase with his boots. Cas looks around in surprise at the sudden shift in weight and catches his keeper safely in his front paws just as he is about to fall. He bears his keeper to the ground safely surrounded by warm dragon paws and sturdy claws.
For weeks, they spend each early morning flying. Dew hanging heavy in the air and the sun just cresting over the horizon. Dean becomes addicted to the feeling of weightlessness as Castiel pushes off the ground and to the feeling of warm scales against his skin when he crouches low as Castiel speeds along the clouds. His great wings angled backwards, his neck stretched out, cutting through the clouds. They roll down Dean’s body, wetting his skin, and clumping his hair.
Dean shifts from foot to foot feeling uncomfortable to be put on the spot. A lump in this throat and he chokes around it, “Cas, I trust you, I do. But I can’t help feeling that… well that it is a long way down from way up there,” he says, gesturing at the sky nervously, “It’s not that I
Blinking at this dark-skinned woman, she smiles back at Dean undeterred by his silence, “Don’t worry baby, I’ll take good care of you.”
It is like a bucket of cold water to Dean's ardent arousal. The boys look towards the voice yelling at them angrily. It’s the lifeguard.
“No shit,” Dean huffs out angrily, wiping the escaped tears away. There has been an ugly green slick of jealousy riding Dean’s back ever since Cas’ started graduate school and Dean’s just been drowning in his own misery.
“What’s going on? Luke and Mike practically cornered me in the hall asking all kinds of unusual questions,” he asks, voice so deep that Dean can practically feel it vibrating in his chest.
“Of course, love. I’ll stop and get another one for Jack and Claire,” Castiel sighs out, throwing an arm over his eyes, his breathing still harsh. Dean flexes, trying to get comfortable, making Castiel clench and come all over again.
“Dean, that was the hottest thing I have ever seen and if we don’t get out of here this instant I am going to fuck you right here on this table,” Cas’ voice is low, his words are calm, but Dean can see the flush that has painted his cheeks under the patchy stubble and the enormous hard-on tenting his pants.
Dean opens his mouth, but nothing comes out. He tries again and through clenched teeth, he says, “I asked you to stay and not join me this morning… as you can see, this is not a good time…”
Humming, Dean tucks Castiel’s head underneath his chin. “I was waiting for the right time, for you to start things, it just means that I was waiting for you to make a move. For you to say that you wanted to fool around,” answers Dean, ignoring the fledgelings discussion for now and pressing a kiss to Castiel’s hair. Castiel pulls Dean closer, his dirt stained fingers digging into Dean’s back. “We’ve got all the time to be together, I just wanted to get to know you first,” Dean murmurs against Cas’ cheek, earning a soft sigh of contentment from the dragon. Taking a deep breath, Dean blurts out a question before he can stop himself, “But really? You can have babies, I mean fledge.. err, tiny dragons?”
Michael swings his sword. There is a juicy thwack, and a thump and his Father is dead. Tumbling to the grass already marred with his blood.
where we stand. If we are to become both guardians and mates, my kin would not force the issue of returning. They have found me and now they are constantly buzzing in my brain, driving me
He’s almost out of breath when he returns to Castiel at the pond, but he holds up his treasure triumphantly.
“So wet, Omega, feels so good,” he practically purrs, his hot hands a vice like grip on Dean’s hips, the cool metal and glass of Impala pressing in his front. It’s fast, desperate, and Dean lets himself go just enjoying the ride. His eyes closed in bliss with his head tilted back and his blood thrumming in his ears… he doesn’t need to hear to know that the smacking of their flesh reverberates through the garage and the squelching of his slick is loud as they fill the echoing space with the sound of their lovemaking. Castiel’s moans and grunts punctuating every thrust in his ear. It’s perfection and his Alpha is close, biting at Dean’s neck hard and abusing the old mating mark.
She pulls Castiel into a quick hug and releases him, “I’m Mary, you know Bobby. Sam, Jack, and Eileen.”
“I really fuckin’ hate my job,” Dean states firmly, working himself up, “I work with sexist misogynistic racist bigots and I hate working at that shop. I have to put up with their horrible jokes at my expense because I know how badly we need the money. I feel like I can’t even defend myself because they’ll see it as me being a big snowflake for not laughing at their “jokes."”
A quick caress over the material hiding Castiel’s dick has his Alpha spreading his legs wide and scooting down the seat a little, even as he says, “Dean, that’s dangerous.”
“Dean Winchester,” Dean offers and steps a little closer to the Alpha in front of him. The two of them stare at each other, Dean taking in all the minute details and his Alpha becoming more and more confused before his eyes.
“Where is Roble?” Dean asks, clutching the sweatshirt to his chest while Jo is busy throwing on her clothes haphazardly. She’s spitting mad and doesn’t bother answering him, instead, Jo kicks him out and slams the door in his face. “Asshole!” she screeches.
His Alpha will regret that. Dean doesn’t care if it's Father’s Day, he’s going to prove to Castiel he’s not old at all. He’s had a few mimosas with Jimmy, he’s not above being petty and frankly, he’s a little horny.  Unbuckling his seatbelt, he scoots over the leather to Cas and runs a hand down his khaki shorts.
One of the Witch King’s men strikes him down, mud fills his sight and mouth. He coughs it out roughly and rolls to his side.
“Castiel,” Dean swallows looking in those blue eyes, “I need you… I love you. I am honored to stand here with you today and for the rest of my days.”
He’s comfortable here, behind the polished wood of the bar, a cloth in one hand and a glass in the other. Warm wood tones and polished glass give the small bar a cozy and welcoming feel.
Putting away the groceries, Castiel leaves out the pie on top of the oven. He lets out a big sigh and turns to Claire, “Today is Daddy’s birthday, we are going to make dinner for him. Maybe make a card too? Would you like to help?”
Dean remembers leaning closer, being inexplicably drawn to this charismatic man, and his easy and accepting nature.
His experiment officially starts with a head cold. And for the duration of that head cold, Dean lets his personal grooming slide. One because he’s exhausted and two, really… when you can’t breathe, do you really need to shave your balls? You don’t. There is no reason to spend thirty minutes in the shower shaving every single inch of your body when all you want to do is breathe easily and sleep flat and rather than at a seventy-five degree angle.
“Me? Distant?” Dean scoffs angrily. But his words are at odds with the way his body is nestling into his mate’s chest, he can’t help it. It feels so incredible to be touched, to have skin on skin, to soak in the warmth from his mate.
“Pants. Off.” Dean’s jeans are painfully trapping his cock, he lifts his hips and tries to reach the zipper, but Cas knocks his hand away. Holding himself steady on one arm, the dragon uses the other to unzip Dean’s fly, and then his own and they both writhe and kick off the offending jeans and briefs.
Lecturing on Fire Safety is one of the parts of his job that he really enjoys. It gets him out of the Fire Station on the slow days, and it doesn’t matter if it is an elementary school or a retirement community, he gets a kick out of talking about his passion to anyone who will listen.
“I could have done that,” Dean half-heartedly scolds, pulling out wool hats and scarves from the pile.
“You were going to let me go when it was Jo,” Dean responds, playing with the corner of the bedding. His Alpha’s blanket is soft and worn, a dark hunter green quilt.
“Cassie is my Alpha,” Dean states confidently, flipping through another one of his Alpha’s notebooks. Neat, beautiful writing dances across the pages. Soft and feminine. Dean tells himself it’s ok that his Alpha is a girl, he was fine when it was Jo Harvelle and so he’s fine with Cassie.
with some random douchebag if I can’t do this. I will do this. For you. You’re not being forced into anything if I have any say in it.”
Tilting his head, Cas motions for Dean to come closer. Dean stands in front of his mate, arms hanging awkwardly at his sides while his mate is eye level with his cock. It wasn’t supposed to be sexual, but Cas' breath is tickling his dick and he twitches under the steady gaze of those blue eyes. Cas, the bastard, chuckles but with soft inquisitive hands he runs his hand down Dean’s curly haired thigh and then his calf. The hair is soft, despite Dean aggressively and fastidiously shaving ever since he presented. Cas hums, then touches Dean’s dark pubic hair, running his fingers through it then beneath his balls to his hole.
Castiel drags his fingers out, crooking them against Dean’s prostate as he goes. Wiping his hand quickly on a discarded shirt, he looms over Dean, seeming larger and more imposing than before. Cas takes himself in hand, nudging the blunt head of his cock and seeking entrance. Dean catches his breath at the twin sensations of Castiel breaching and entering him whilst gazing at him with his intense blue eyes wide. Cas is drinking in each expression, and Dean cannot help but moan as Cas fills him completely.
“We’ll get you in the bath and you’ll feel good as new, sugar,” a new voice says breathily, caressing his back and shoulders before circling around to his front, “Oooh, you sure are pretty Lord Winchester. The rumors about you are true.”
Dean sits up, gathering the Prince’s face in his hands, staring at him for a pause before leaning in and kissing him softly. A soft smile stretches across Castiel's lips and Dean kisses him again. Chaste kisses are exchanged until Dean nips at Castiel’s bottom lip, a soft moan rumbles from Castiel. Tongue flicking against Castiel’s lips, Dean presses on reacting to Castiel’s quiet moans of approval. Their tongues tangle, the kisses are slow and full of promise.
Smiling crookedly, Dean switches places with Cas. Legs wide and slick pooling beneath him now. Dean gets comfortable while Cas looks like he’s running a mile a minute. “Just take your time, Alpha. I like it slow,” Dean runs a hand down his chest and intertwines their fingers, bringing Cas’ palm to his lips and kissing it softly.
“No problemo,” Gabriel offers and grabs up his things, he throws a packet of condoms onto his Alpha’s bed, “Wrap it, before you tap it, Castiel Novak. I don’t want to be an Uncle.”
A soft hum comes from his mate, along with the calming scent of forest floor and cedar. Cas opens the door and now two grown men are hiding in the tiny downstairs half bathroom. It’s a tight fit. Dean is sitting on the toilet and Cas is straddled above him. Cas’ shiny belt buckle at his nose. He runs his hands down the strong thighs of his mate. Dean rubs his face into his mates warm abdomen, happy noises escaping his throat.
Castiel is regal as a full grown dragon. His scales catch the sun and he almost glows as he lowers himself to his haunches, one foreleg bent, offering his keeper a knee as is traditional. Dean studies the stance, then leans in and gives the dragon a kiss on the snout causing him to take a surprised breath in. The dragon huffs out again and a gust of warm ‘Cas’ scented air buffets Dean gently as he looks for the best way to climb his dragon.
“Cuddles,” Dean agrees, and so Cas uses his strength to flip them slowly. He may have come another time in the process, but Dean doesn’t complain. He just wraps around Cas, enjoying the weight of his Alpha laying on top of him.
The fire is roaring in Castiel’s room and when Dean is pushed back onto Castiel’s bed of large furs, he’s once again warm and pliant under Castiel’s ministrations. With confidence and quick movements, Castiel grabs a bottle of olive oil and coats his palm messily, gathering both of their members within the grasp of his hand.
The little girl stops what she’s doing and throws a protective arm around her brother. They are twins, appearing to be around ten years of age.
“We can totally have birthday sex,” Castiel answers quickly, running a hand down Dean’s arm. Reveling in the flex and strength of his mate’s muscle.
“Maybe, do you want to try?” Dean asks, blowing soft air to the tip of Castiel’s penis. Making him shiver and twitch.
“Alright, ok, and look… this might not work out? Yeah? It’ll be ok and you’ll be just fine and you’ll go home and we won’t ever mention this to Dad,” Sam laughs awkwardly, nervously. Growing up, the fights between the two Alphas were awful. Even now they are just as bull-headed , two strong personalities that seem to clash at every opportunity. They’d argue about the color of the sky and when Sam left for college, they had a screaming match so bad that their neighbors called the cops. Now, with thousands of miles between them… their relationship has mellowed.
Dean can’t help smiling against Cas’ hand as his Alpha pronounces every word separately and clearly. Castiel is an adorable, goofy, nerdy guy. And Dean loves him so much. With a Dean giving a small kiss to the middle of his palm, Cas drops his hand and grins at his mate.
Before his eyes shut in bliss...Dean sees the dragon’s face, head thrown back and eyes closed as his climax overtakes him. A hoarse shout escaping his lips, Cas shudders as he releases into Dean, tipping Dean over the edge as well. Dean sees fucking stars and he pretty sure he’s left bruises around the wrist that continues to gently stroke his cock through Dean’s afterschocks. Cas collapses heavily onto Dean, they are both gasping for breath, sweaty and spent. Castiel begins to pull away, aware of the sticky mess caught between their bellies, and he pulls out making Dean wince at the loss.
Door after door, they knock on each one. Dean gets some confused looks from the occupants as he leans forward and sniffs whoever opens the door, for all the world like a tracker dog with hayfever. Sam makes apology after apology, as his brother ducks and weaves trying to sniff more deeply into each room, trying to catch a glimpse of whoever else might be there, hoping against hope he’ll find his Alpha. A tall Footballer tries to punch him in the nose as Dean is trying to get his nose closer to the guy’s chest, and then tries to smell his girlfriend’s hair. Another guy seems weirdly turned on and starts to sniff Dean back as if it’s a new game or ritual. Sam spends all his time apologising over and over for his crazy brother at each door.
“I am,” Dean whispers, looking down. Feeling fingers under his chin, Dean looks up and Cas kisses him chastely. Just a sweet press of his lips. Dean lets this sweet kiss linger, luxuriating in the simplicity of it.
His hatred has grown so strong that the mantra in his head when he talks to Naomi has devolved into a litany of curse words, and it is downright obscene.
“What’s going on, Dean? You bit my head off for leaving the toothpaste cap off?” Cas exasperates, gesturing to the bathroom.
It’s intimate and comforting and Dean definitely knows how it looks. His heart also knows he’s not going to give up his dragon snuggles any time soon. If this is what it means to be a keeper… he’s signed up and 100% willing to do it. No one, not in his adult life has held him like Castiel does. Castiel treasures Dean. Everything would be absolutely perfect, but Dean is hyper-aware that Castiel looks very young compared to his aging ass out in public.
Dean turns his attention to the amber fluid left in his glass. Turning the tumbler back and forward it sparkles in the light of the lamp.
It seems to take forever to get out of the noise, away from the lights, and Dean cannot wait to get out of the goddamn hot, damp racesuit. He is betting that Castiel feels even more gross as he copped the majority of the sickly sweet champagne down his face and front. The boys are mostly quiet as they make their way back to the trailer that has been home for the last 3 years. Their car will be checked over by the track mechanics before they can load her up and get out of here. But for now the shower in their trailer is calling.
Brightening visibly and scooting closer to Dean, the younger man shines with quiet happiness. “Dragon guardians were once companions to dragons, or dragons were companions to guardians. They looked after each other, protected each other, and even lived together. At my full size, we can even fly together.”
“Because if you fall in the shower, you won’t be able to reach it on the back of the door. It’s water resistant, just leave it on the bathmat. OK?”
“No! Cas, no… trust me, pal... it’s not you I don’t trust. I mean you already flew me once after the skating accident. Just, please,
“I’m so sorry, Dean.” Cas’ broken words cut through Dean’s hiccuping breaths, “I don’t want this, I don’t want you sad.”
The Prince lets out a long sigh, wrapping his hand around Dean’s left shoulder, “This will hurt.” Searing pain burns into Dean’s skin, the pain and pleasure of magic so intense that Dean cries out. Falling to his knees in the water, Dean curls around himself, his body a quivering from the conflicting sensations. His tied hands try to push Castiel’s hand away from him, but the mage only presses his burning hand further into Dean’s skin. Dean’s body arches away from Castiel, swaying towards him and away… wanting something more and begging for the pain to stop. He comes, totally unexpectedly, his eyes screwed shut and his lips twisted in a silent scream of ecstasy. Castiel holds on, undeterred.
He was a shy and awkward child, and the loss of his parents had not made life any easier. Thank the universe for his Gram, who took him in and became Mother, Father and friend to the grieving boy. The move to Shady Acres had been his Gram’s idea. She wanted to “get out of his hair”, and no matter how many times he told her she wasn’t cramping his style, once he hit his thirties, she made her plans to move to the bustling and vibrant retirement community. She immediately flung herself into the social life of bingo, happy hour, and tai chi classes.
“Dean, if you insist on continuing this argument, if you want to argue so badly, I’m going to go draw a bath. You will bathe with me and…” Cas pauses dramatically, “There will be bubbles.”
“Dean, you are becoming everything,” and with that Cas leans down and gently presses his lips to Dean’s.
Castiel forgets how to english when she counters with “Oh! So is my Grandson, would you prefer to take him on a date?”
“They are Asian rhesus macaques in Florida, of course, I want to see them,” Dean grumbles, “But we can do that this weekend? Just me and you?”
“It’s just so fuckin’ funny,” Dean laughs, wiping his eyes with the back of his hand, “I mean really, when was the last time we tried starting something and the kids interrupted?”
So yeah, he forgos shaving his balls for a few days. It’s not like they were having sex anyways. (No, he’s not petulant about this… Not at all. Nope.)
Dean feels a little green at just the thought of riding a dragon through the air. But he listens to the dragon with rapt attention as he enthusiastically goes on, “A guardian’s bond is more profound than any bond and I can feel the start of one with you.”
“You don’t smell the same,” Dean murmurs confused and sick. Looking down at her clothes, it dawns on him and with single-minded focus, he pulls back on his own clothing despite her sputtering confused protests. Picking up each article of her clothing, he gives it a cursory sniff. Her underthings smell like her, yoga pants, and t-shirt… all her. When he picks up the sweatshirt his mind buzzes once again with the smell of his Alpha.
When Cas does speak, his voice is wrecked, “I will do better, Dean. I am so sorry that I made you feel this way. I’ve taken you for granted. Your kindness, your desire to be my family. You are not my dumb Omega mate, you are everything to me, and I cannot express how much it saddens me that my negligence… my actions have made you feel less.”
“Alright, you’ve said that and I am more than happy to have you stay with me, but you gotta pull your weight. We are going to be like partners, right?” waiting for a nod from Castiel before Dean continues on, “So here’s the deal...it’s Monday, man… and I own a garage that fixes cars and I’ve got to go in today. I don’t want to leave you here by yourself and I could use someone to answer the phones.… So do you know how to work a phone?”
The young dragon is wearing a pair of Dean’s jeans and nothing else as he walks barefoot across the lawn.
“Oh fuck yes, Alpha,” Dean is so enthusiastic pushing Castiel over that he can’t help but to chuckle. His laughter dies in his throat when his mate instantly sinks down on him. Dean’s wet heat banishes any further thoughts.
Dean crosses the room to the kitchenette, and grabs a bottle of Jack. He pours a couple of generous fingers into a tumbler and drops into an overstuffed armchair. The light in here is dim, there’s only one lamp on and the light from the street doesn’t reach the single window. He hasn’t bothered to pull the blind so he can still see the brick wall across the way. He sips the whiskey and it burns all the way down until he can feel it settle warm in the pit of his belly.
Folgers has climbed out, so Dean picks up the jar of coins, there are a few pen tops and bottle caps as well, but he doubts the dragon will mind. He looks over at Folgers who continues his exploration of the counter top. The dragon weaves and bobs through his odds and ends. His lithe body moving like a fast current between the spray and wash, bleach, some random socks that will never find mates. Folgers halts and curiously paws at the laundry powder in its box.
At the perfect temperature and depth, Castiel helps his sweet Omega to sink into the waiting water. Dean lets out a sigh that has to have come from his toes and he watches his mate unfurl, his scent mellowing so sweetly.
“About yea high,” Bobby returned, gesturing about head height, “He was fair with blue eyes, but kinda pale, and greasy. Too neat if you ask me. He wanted to know if I knew where his
Folgers spins excitedly at the bottom of the cup, the ring hooking around his tail. His entire fun-sized body thrums with excitement. Dean scratches underneath his chin, Folgers affectionately licking his hand. Turning on his kitchen radio, Dean sings “Renegade” to himself and Folgers, placing the mug in the sunshine that shines through his window.
It’s much later, and they are at their favourite burger place enjoying bacon cheese burgers and sharing a serving of chili fries. The young couple sit opposite each other with their feet entangled under the table, and talk about the upcoming week. It is domestic and mundane, and predictable and Dean can’t believe how much he loves this, loves being mated, adores being mated to Cas.
Laughing and groaning from a particular twist of Castiel’s hand, Dean focuses on the building of his pleasure. They are going to be so late to work, but it’s completely worth it. Castiel thrusts slowly between his cheeks, the drag of the ridges of his cock in between his cheeks delicious. Dean rests his head against Castiel’s temple, his dragon panting and groaning in his ear. Nothing is better than listening to this gorgeous creature take his pleasure.
This of course enrages the strange Alpha, and comes at Dean with arms swinging like windmills. He is signaling every move, and Dean nimbly ducks under an inexpertly thrown haymaker, and punches the Alpha precisely in the nose. The Alpha immediately grasps his nose in both hands and doubles over giving Dean the opportunity to grasp him by the shoulders and administer a swift knee to the Alpha’s dick and knot. The Alpha collapses to the ground with tears and snot running down his face. Ever the consummate actor Dean dusts his hands together dramatically, and looks around at the other patrons.
“Angels are watching over YOU'' has been hastily spray painted, Dean can even make out drip lines from overzealous application of paint.
Dean lowers the long zipper on the back of the leather race suit. The leather is damp and body warm, and as the zipper parts, Cas’ strong neck and back are slowly revealed. Dean takes a moment to kiss the smooth warm skin, startled by the cloying sweetness of champagne rather than the warm saltiness of his lover’s skin.
’ She’s kissing him desperately, moaning, and grinding up into him, and hands down this is the best Valentine’s Day ever.
Both men wait, stilling in silence for just a moment as they revel in the connection between not only their bodies but the renewed connection between their hearts. Castiel runs his hands down across Dean’s body, also impatiently digging into his skin.
Watching him make motions to leave, Dean only hesitates briefly, “No, don’t. Tell me, what does a guardian do?”
“Please, take me,” he pleads, Sam can’t go to the dungeons to rot. He can’t let that happen. Sam is smart, he’s resourceful, he won’t remain in poverty long. Sam can take care of their mother.
“I’ll make that decision,” Dean barks, snatching the garment from Luke’s hands. They don’t know he’s an Omega, he’s wearing blockers, but it still irks Dean that they just automatically assumed.
Castiel nods in assent, spreading his legs even wider and tilting his hips up. Dean swallows him back down, hollowing his cheeks and sucking hard enough for Castiel to let out a little moan.
Dean had felt a little odd at the quirky statement but was eager to assuage Cas’ concerns and get the ball rolling back to sexier subjects, “I like to think of myself as enlightened and open to any point of view. I do know there are more things in Heaven and Earth, than are dreamt of in your philosophy - or however, it goes.”
He found Sam’s room, which was still plain aside from a few books and a bed that had been left unmade from a previous morning. Dean’s arms ached as he lifted the younger Winchester off of his shoulders and set him down on the bed.
You’re not alone, Dean. Sam had said. It sure as hell felt like it. He had his dead brother in the backseat, and the king of hell in his trunk, but he had never felt more alone. No more Mom, no more Dad, no more Bobby. Now, no more Sam. He had finally killed everyone around him.
Dean became a demon after two years. 240 years in hell, that is. This is an AU where Dean was sent to hell but never rescued by the angels because it was too late. He becomes one of the monsters he always hated, and delves in the new freedom it brings, while also avoiding his brother, who wants desperately to bring him home.
The elevator reached the parking garage level, and Dean adjusted Sam once more, nearly falling over. He was weak, beaten, tired. His face was still caked with blood, and he could feel the immense ache of his recent wounds wearing him down. He just had to get to the car. He stomped in the direction of where he had last parked and spotted the Impala from across the lot. The black metal frame glistened in the day’s sunlight, and Dean would say he could hear the angels singing if he hadn’t just experienced how brutal angels actually were. Once at the car, he opened the backdoor and gently laid Sam’s body against the backseats. His body was even colder than before, so much more lifeless and still. He couldn’t bear to look at it any longer than he needed to, his eyes glued to the floor of the Impala as he positioned the body to fit across the leather seats and shut the door.
Castiel was too exhausted to think about the implications of that right now. He closed his eyes and let himself relax into the dirt, finding relief in the absence of activity. Everything faded, and Castiel slept.
“Just-” Dean breathed heavily, his lips trembling and his eyes closed as he rubbed his palms into them. “Just go.”
Cas stood over Hael’s body; a crumpled and bloody heap of flesh and bone whose blood stained the green grass underneath his feet and tarnished his clothes. He didn’t want to look at her anymore. He felt sick to his stomach looking at the mess he had caused, a foreign feeling he had never imagined feeling before now.
that it’s painful to not move towards him in response but Dean’s body is locked in place. He can’t move, he can only feel the heat that Castiel’s body radiates as he moves in slow motion and stares at Dean for what feels like several lifetimes.
He knows that his death hurt Sam and his little brother will probably carry that hurt for the rest of his life. But, for Dean, an early death was the better option. Dean was scared when he asked Sam to stay with him as he died, but then he
After a long period of silence, Castiel sighs heavily. “I’m sorry, Dean,” he says quietly, defeated. “For the way that I left. It was... a mistake. I know—”
Castiel reels back, wet eyes wide as he stares at Dean. “I thought... you just... you said you couldn’t say it.”
that he’s not wrong. A piece of his heart that won’t stay quiet (regardless of how many times Dean has beaten it down) insists that this isn’t all a figment of his imagination; insists that Castiel is (and has been) saying what Dean
But he isn’t confined like that, not here. He can drive Baby wherever he wants, for as long as he wants. He can visit Bobby whenever he wants. He can visit his parents whenever he wants. He has the rest of his afterlife to do whatever he wants. He’s not sure how long it’ll take Sam to get up here but he hopes that Sam lets himself enjoy living because he
truth, but it’s all that Dean can manage right now and he very much would have wanted to say that if he hadn’t been frozen in horror and disbelief.
Castiel’s stare is suddenly far too intense. Dean wishes it would trigger his fight or flight response but instead an invisible force has him pinned in place. He
him to say; insists that Dean hasn’t misunderstood a damn thing. But doubt and fear planted themselves in Dean over a decade ago and the roots run
Cool, hesitant fingertips graze against Dean’s jaw before a palm settles, cradling Dean’s face like he’s something delicate. Dean would hardly have to do more than tilt his head to close the distance but his body
In a few blinks, Castiel manages to lock every emotion in his eyes behind a wall of resignation. Dean feels like his soul is screaming. It’s a wonder that
get Castiel out of the Empty, even with his new status. (The instant Dean wondered what it would take to get Castiel out, he decided that he couldn’t pray anymore. He was approaching his limit and entertaining thoughts of bursting into the Empty with guns blazing was the
For all the money in the world (that he no longer needs) Dean couldn’t tell a soul what his reaction had been for the five seconds after Bobby mentioned Castiel. He’s not sure how he processed it. He’s not sure he
can’t name any of the emotions swimming in Castiel’s expression and there are too many emotions writhing under his own skin for him to pick apart. Except for one:
Castiel steps forward again. Dean wouldn’t have to reach very far to touch Castiel (though he wouldn’t dare). “Dean,
before he caves in. He grabs onto the first idea that floats to the surface, despite how foolish and pointless it is. He’s
“I meant I couldn’t say it without knowing,” Dean says in a hushed tone. “I meant I couldn’t be wrong. I know you said it before the Empty took you but you were saying goodbye and I wasn’t sure if... Cas,
Castiel takes another step forward. “There might be,” he says softly. Then repeats, “Why should I stay?”
he can move and he doesn’t need to fight against fear and doubt to frame Castiel’s face with his hands and kiss him again. He tastes like the salt from his tears and his wet cheeks and stubble make Dean’s palms itch but Dean wants to live in this moment for the rest of time.
Between one step and the next, Dean hears a second pair of footsteps beside him and he nearly loses his shit. A heart physically
Castiel sways in Dean’s arms and he wonders if Castiel meant to do that to both of them or if Dean actually made his angel (
It’s exhilarating at first. The ride is smooth and the view is beautiful and Dean drives with the windows down, blasting Kansas and singing along at the top of his lungs. He feels freer than he’s felt in years.
Dean chews on that for a few seconds and then his fists unclench. “So when Jack said he wouldn’t be hands-on...”
for Dean to be acting like this but he feels like he’s going to rattle right out of his skin. He glances back and he can’t see Baby anymore. He’s not worried about leaving her out on the road but Dean feels a horrifying chill run down his spine at the thought of turning back, so he keeps moving forward.
Dean feels like Castiel is drawing closer at a snail’s pace and somehow his eyes are only getting bluer. They’re
it after everything he’s sacrificed. And when Sam’s time on Earth is done, Dean can see him again too. Whenever he wants.
at Sam and he knew that Sam was going to be okay. He knows what it must have cost his brother to promise to truly let go but Sam has the courage and strength to move on. Courage and strength that Dean will never have; if their roles were reversed, he could never make that same promise to Sam.
even if it was only for a split second. I think... it’s probably better that I died so soon because I... Everything is the way it’s supposed to be. Everything is
Dean manages to pull the car over without slamming on the brakes or swerving off the road. Not only are his hands still shaking, now his skin tingles unpleasantly all over and his pulse is picking up speed — and it’s not excitement that’s expanding inside his chest, it’s dread.
Castiel hums, thoughtful. “I’m not,” he says simply. Though Dean hasn’t looked at him, he can tell that Castiel is too far away to reach out and touch (though Dean wouldn’t dare). The distance feels as uncomfortable and as
There were only a few times that Dean was drunk enough to pray to Castiel, asking for a sign that he wasn’t still locked away in the Empty. He even prayed to Jack, asking for
wanted it to mean more than what it is on the surface and he always manages to break apart, overanalyze, and explain it all away. He wants, with all his heart, for Castiel to mean what Dean
but Dean knows that he’ll never have the guts. If the one thing Castiel wants is what Dean hopes it is, Dean will never be able to make the first move.
Dean doesn’t understand what that means and he’s too keyed up to bother trying to dissect it. “What the hell does that mean,” he snaps.
“Dean.” The glimmer of sadness in Castiel’s voice brings Dean to the surface. “I know the expression you wear when you’re beating yourself down. Whatever you’re thinking right now, that’s not the answer.”
mean what Dean wants it to mean and that doubt is utterly paralyzing. “I can’t,” Dean breathes, nearly at his limit. “Cas,
can keep Dean completely silent right now because the noise inside is damn near loud enough to rip him in half. But this is a fight that Dean knows he’ll never win. Fear will
Castiel risked his heart when Dean couldn’t. He took a chance when Dean couldn’t. No words will ever be enough to show Castiel what that means to Dean, but he knows where to start. Dean pulls back just enough for them to catch their breath. “I love you, too.”
It’s only because Dean is hyperfocused on listening that he notices the slight hitch in the other man’s stride. “No,” Castiel admits quietly. “I can still hear
“Not sure if there’s any point in...” The words catch in his throat. He’s still a crying, shaking mess, and walking isn’t helping because there’s nothing to run away from.
Castiel pulls back a little to look at Dean with a teary smile. His eyes are so blue and so affectionate that Dean can hardly stand it. “If you can believe it,” Castiel says quietly, “I didn’t do it for me. I made myself do it for you.”
“I know how you see yourself, Dean.” It’s not spoken in the same desperate rush. There’s no need to get all the words out before it’s too late and that’s the only thing that keeps Dean from spiraling at the familiar words. “I held your soul so tightly that it left a mark on your skin.”
ago and left Dean far behind. The angel means more to Dean than he can ever express in words, yet he’s treated Castiel like shit even when he was
should I stay,” Castiel asks gently, taking a step forward. If they both stretched their hands out, their fingertips would probably brush.
like he is. Every second that ticks by brings new sensations and emotions and Dean hates every last one of them. “Still,” Dean says shakily, “I’m sorry.”
Castiel holds his hands out to his sides, offering himself as an open target. “I’m here now,” he says carefully. “What would you have liked to say to me in that moment?”
Castiel stops walking and Dean does too. He still can’t bear to look at the other man because he’s sure that he’ll see something that he can’t handle. “I apologize for making you uncomfortable,” Castiel says stiffly.
Dean clenches his fists, fresh tears already burning hot in the corners of his eyes. “And you decided on radio silence.”
Castiel’s hurt expression smooths over and is replaced with confusion. The “not quite” angel blinks and tilts his head curiously. His eyes are as blue and obnoxious as ever as he stares at Dean in silence for what feels like hours. When Castiel finally speaks, his tone is cautious. “I think... I don’t think we’re having the same conversation.”
the only solution! We could have... I know it was bad but we... we could’ve thought...” He wants to say that they could’ve found another way, but he knows that wasn’t possible. There was nothing they could do and they would have died together.
Castiel’s eyes flare and Dean decides that he’s going to say every single sappy thought that he’s ever had in his life to keep that look of adoration on Castiel’s face. “You can have this for as long as you want, Dean,” he promises. “You can have
Dean smiles and cards his fingers through Castiel’s hair, overjoyed that this moment and so many more are his to have. “Then let’s go home.”
(he still might) and the likelihood of doing something unnecessarily foolish would have jumped to one hundred percent.
“And now to this guy who you took to kill angels with,” Sam explained, and Dean glanced over his shoulder to see the angel was still laying there. Was he dead? Why was he staying?
All these months of getting off of Sam’s trail, and here he was, in the flesh. Sam was ready to tear him to pieces, but a look from Ruby stopped him. God, he’d really become her bitch during Dean’s absence. Dean fell to the ground, his back against the wall, as his recent injuries spilled blood over the asphalt.
Dean pulled out his phone, finding the number Cas had called from. It sounded like he had called a public phone since Cas didn’t carry any personals unless asked to. The area code signified the call had been made in Colorado about an hour ago. He couldn’t have gone very far, and Dean hoped that Cas hadn’t been made. Cas was far too trusting. If the angels had already found him…
He only hoped Sam was okay. Dean had sounded distressed over the phone, but Ezekiel was there with him. Ezekiel and Castiel had once fought together on the heavenly battlefields; separate garrisons, but the same mission and the same side nonetheless. He remembered watching Ezekiel tear through the battlefield with grace, an ethereal dance of light and blood. If Ezekiel was helping Dean, it was noble. Though, Castiel couldn’t help but wonder if Sam could be healed. The last he had checked, the trials had damaged Sam far deeper than Castiel himself could heal when he was back to full power, so how could Ezekiel possibly help? Cas tried to stay positive. Maybe Ezekiel knew things about healing that he didn’t. Ezekiel had worked alongside the Rit Zien class of angels before, so maybe he knew a thing or two about healing divine injuries.
“Reggie!!” the man shouted. He leaped out from behind the dumpster, arms extended outwards. He pulled Dean into a quick hug, and with a reaffirming shake, the man pulled back.
His eyes hardened, and his fingers stood still in the blood. As he sat still, the connection was lost, Dean could feel it. No more Alastair. A silent alleyway in a bustling city.
Does Cas even know how to drive? Dean thought. He chuckled to himself at the thought of Cas learning to drive on his own; swerving all over the road and giving himself whiplash from hitting the brakes too hard. It would probably be difficult for a former angel to steal a car without knowing how to operate one. There was hope that Cas hadn’t left the area yet, and there would be more time to find him.
Dean felt the immense absence of Sam’s presence lingering around him. He shoved the feeling down, focusing on the mission ahead. Cas had tons of angelic knowledge stored in his memory bank, and if they found a way to get his grace back, Cas could bring Sam back. The mission ahead was simple. Find Cas. Take him to the bunker. Don't think about anything else. Just find them and keep things simple.
Dean looked ahead, noticing the sun was setting on this exhausting day. He hoped Cas had found a place to sleep for the night since it was still a good hour’s drive to Colorado. The area code read 720, which meant Cas could be in Denver, or in any of the outlying cities. It was a lot of area to cover, but Dean had done this before. He now wished that he had told Cas about the motel system he and Sam shared. Finding the first motel in the phone book and waiting there. That way it’d be easier to find him once he started to search. Assuming Cas hadn’t taken a car to drive to the bunker, that is. Then he was probably a long ways away from Denver by now.
Castiel spotted buildings up ahead, their colorful, metal signs glaring in the sun and catching his attention. He thought about calling Dean again to update him on the journey, but he knew Dean was preoccupied with Sam. There was no reason to call, Castiel knew what he needed to do. Dean had told him to head to the Men of Letters bunker, and that’s what he was going to do. Even if he had to fight against the drag of his newfound humanity, he was going to get that bunker. The Winchesters were waiting for him, and hopefully, he would see both of the brothers once he reached them.
Castiel didn't answer for a few seconds, and anger started to boil within Dean, mixed with the impatience he already felt. He yanked the blade from its shoulder, ready to slam it back down into the angel, but Castiel was too fast. With his free hand, he punched Dean off of him, and the angel blade clattered to the ground. When Dean turned back to retaliate, Castiel was gone.
“Hey!” Dean responded, pretending to know him. Dean pulled him into a one-armed embrace, attempting to be friendly. “How are ya’?”
Dean swallowed the guilt. “No. I stopped Sam from completing the trials. But the trials messed him up too badly, and he died anyways.”
The dark-haired angel in front of him then trembled, blood flowing from his lips and his wound, and his breathing shallow.
How could Sam just leave? After everything I said- after everything I’ve done for him, he’s just gonna leave me here? All by myself? Dean thought angrily, forcing down the lump forming in his throat. The Impala sat in the parking garage, its engine rumbling loudly, but the car didn’t move. Dean sat there, contemplating his next move.
Alastair had eventually taught him all he needed to know and had moved on to his own work, while Dean had been stationed in many different areas in hell; interrogation, torturing. It was what he was good at.
Dean’s fingers found their way around the blade. He smiled at the man. “Don’t worry about it. There’s no need to pay me back. Its out of the goodness of my heart.”
Dean had given so much for his brother to live. They were in the Church, and Sam was one trial away from closing the gates of hell. All demons sent back to hell, Crowley wiped from the map, and no demons would ever surface on Earth again, that is, if Sam had completed the final trial listed in the Angel Tablet. What the tablet had failed to mention was that the final trial would take Sam sacrificing his own life to complete. Dean wouldn’t let that happen. He talked him out of it, told him to let it go. It had worked, and whatever effect the trials had taken on Sam’s body had started to fade. Then, the effect took full force. Dean had driven him to the hospital. They had been there all night, waiting for Sam to wake up. Only to lead to this.
Castiel loathed himself for somewhat enjoying humanity. Not only was being human something painful, exhausting and annoying, it was something forced upon them as well. Metatron had slit his throat and drained him of all that he was. Being human was akin to being a mere blip in the cosmic timeline. Castiel had lived through eons of creation and destruction, epic battles and divine struggles, repeatedly witnessed human life and death. Castiel had died over and over again- died for things that were seemingly noble. Now Castiel could die from virtually anything. Dehydration, hypothermia, starvation. Castiel didn’t think his human life would be particularly notable.
Dean is comfortable here and looks like he belongs, the red checks of his plaid shirt are complemented and reflected by the myriad mirrors that line the wall of shelves behind the bar.
“Yes, definitely. Saturday morning we’ll go to the park and rent a canoe. Bundle up and see if we can see those monkeys. Maybe bring a picnic?” Cas adds hopefully.
“It’ll be ok,” Sam states, stepping into the hundred-year-old building. It smells like most historic buildings, a little musty but mixed with constant student movement. Alphas, Omegas, and Betas mill around them and Dean’s feet catch on each other when they move past the check-in point. Sam shows his student ID and smiles, says they're looking for a friend. The RA lets them with a smile and wave.
Castiel sighs and shifts position. “Yes - I gave you permission to use it. Yes, I said you could push it any time you were in trouble or worried…”
His miserable cold hangs on for about two weeks and it gets him past the really itchy stage. He’s miserable and his whole body aches but his hair keeps growing. Dean watches in sort of bemused passivity at his leg hair and his pubic hair as they grow in. He hasn’t let it grow since his preteen years, before he was sexually active. Way before he lost his virginity.
It’s hot. It’s hot in the suit, it’s hot under the scorching sun, and it’s hot in the car. There is no escaping the sweat that runs down the back of his neck to dampen the inside of his undershirt and boxers.
The ladies are talking about him, giggling like highschoolers behind their hands as he packs his demonstration gear into a large duffle, and if he gives them a bit of a show as he bends and stretches, well who’s to say the old girls don’t deserve a bit of a treat.
“Yes, distant,” Cas responds, hand traveling to cup Dean’s face. His mate’s fingers play with the hair at his nape and gently guide him to meet his eyes. Castiel’s eyes are so sad as Dean reluctantly meets them.
Castiel first checks their bathroom, empty, so he quickly checks Jack’s room. The other half of his little family is there, Dean quietly humming and rocking Jack in the dark. His sweet mate is sitting in his boxers, holding their toddler close to his chest, rocking with his eyes closed as his life depends on it. The room smells peaceful, if not a little sad.
They’d won. Against all odds the independent team from Lawrence, Kansas had taken out the Camel GT Challenge. And in a Corvette, too. No one had thought that the boys from the Midwest would survive the race, let alone place. And they’d won. Son of a bitch, they’d done it!
“Come, my keeper,” Castiel commands, nipping at the cords of Dean’s neck, his hand flying over Dean’s cock. Dean’s orgasm explodes from him, quick, messy, and with a hoarse shout. Castiel shortly follows him, his release painting Dean’s cheeks.
“You intend on going through the lights with this human? To mark your souls as one?” Naomi questions, her eyes never quite leaving Dean.
Castiel thrusts once more to lock them together, as he watches as Dean’s climax overwhelms him. His own orgasm follows and he fills his mate with his spend as he shudders through the aftershocks of their intense lovemaking. His arms give out and he collapses onto the warm and heaving chest of his Mate.
“Ok, yeah, I get that,” Dean interrupts before Castiel goes into the spiel about his thesis and bees, “I get it, man. I do. But even when you're home, you're not really home. You are doing school work and any time I want to spend with you, your lab mates suddenly turn up.”
“Thank you, sunshine,” Dean replies softly, clearly worn out by his day. His mate stands in the doorway of the kitchen and looks out at the restored kitchen.
Humming with amusement, as if he is reading Dean’s thoughts, Castiel shakes his head, “No, Dean. I swear, I should have mentioned this to you earlier but it’s something that I’ve never wanted. I don’t have that desire to bear children, not when there are so many fledglings without families out of the Queen’s court. But to answer your question, a channel would open up to my uterus internally. You really don’t need to know any more than that.”
Dean looks at Cas, looks over at the younger man sitting next to him, he seems so comfortable, so relaxed in this room full of strangers. Cas looks back and tilts his head, reminding Dean of how he looks in his dragon form, serious and solemn but curious and inquisitive at the same time.
Dean is drowsy, too warm to move. Where just a short time ago he could not imagine ever feeling warm again - here he was somehow wrapped in blankets on one side, and blanketed by the warmth of his friend’s body pressed in a solid line along his back.
It’s a sunny afternoon, and the crumbs from lunch are long gone. Dean’s looking forward to quitting time. The Chevy he’s working on is a real lady, but Cas promised him some sexy time earlier, and he wants to hold him to his word.
Castiel is deep in thought on the way home. He loves his house, it suits him to a T with the rambling rooms and quirky but dated furniture. It would be nice to share it with someone, someone who could appreciate it’s quirks, someone with a sense of humour, someone to come home to… Castiel shakes his head and laughs at himself. One day maybe.
“It should be, it’s a bit early in the season but we’ll stay away from the middle just in case,” Dean soothes, leading Castiel over to the bench. He clasps the skates onto Castiel’s boots and then attends to his own. He leads Castiel slowly out onto the ice. Skating backward, Dean steadies Castiel and they putter along. Castiel falls a few times, stumbling to his knees or his butt. His expression of wonder slowly losing its luster and giving way to frustration. Dean glides backwards practically pulling Castiel along with him. Castiel’s hands are clasped in his, long fingers and big palms are gripped like a vise in his own and the tips of Castiel’s fingers are ice cold. He’s all encouragement, even Sam, Eileen, and Jack waving from the bank. No amount of encouragement will tamp Castiel’s nervousness from the kids speeding around them.
“You think you're going to put out?” Gabe asks boldly, even doing a little dance, “I’ve been trying since fall semester to get that loser laid but it’s failed every single time. I’ve never met an Alpha so awkward! This is like Christmas.”
“Dean Winchester, Firefighter from Company 313 just down the road. Your Grandmother and I have been becoming acquainted over the last few weeks, haven’t we Mrs Novak?”
“What do you need, my Omega?” Cas’ wrecked voice asks, as he’s kissing down Dean’s thighs.The sensation of gentle open mouthed kisses alongside the rasp of Cas’ scruff are making it difficult for Dean to think. He throws his head back and his thighs begin to twitch with the over stimulation.
A head raised up from behind a dumpster, dirty and unshaven. The man looked like he hadn’t eaten in days. Dean knew the man’s eyes echoed recognition, but he assumed it was just the vessel he occupied that conjured any sense of familiarity. The man grinned ear-to-ear.
“Look anyway,” Dean said, and looked around the bunker thoughtfully. “And clean up a bit in here. Take a shower. The bunker is safe. You are safe.”
Dean thought about it, and sure, he was tempted to stab him right here, but he couldn’t pass up the chance to carve some information out of the thing. So, Dean stood up, dusting himself off, and picked another angel blade from one of the dead vessels that lay around them. He wiped the blood off using his shirt, before crouching down on the celestial’s other arm. He smirked and leaned in close, letting the blade graze over the angel’s cheek, a sliver of bright light flowing from where he’d traced. The angel refused to let out any sort of cry, purposely not giving him the satisfaction he desired. The demon snickered.
Castiel stood outside the dank and musty laundromat in his colorful, new clothes. Clothes he had stolen from another’s laundry basket. He attempted to dress as he’d seen Sam and Dean dress; many layers, a jacket and shoes. Though, he wasn’t quite sure what a change of shoes would be good for. He was sad to part with his trench coat, but he knew he would stick out like a sore thumb to the other angels if he wore his usual outfit. It would be significantly easier to get to the bunker unnoticed if he abandoned his belongings, all except an angel blade as his only means of protection.
Sam felt a lump forming in his throat. He wanted to save his brother, but he didn't want to help the angels succeed in a goal they wouldn't even reveal. He didn't trust the situation, nor did he want to give in. But it was his brother. Sam couldn’t stand by and do nothing as his brother became the thing they'd grown up hunting. He couldn’t. But he at least had to pry.
Dean could feel his humanity creeping in, truly feeling again, this time an overwhelming sadness, and his black eyes veiled over once again, as if his soul was trying to suppress the guilt and shame he felt. He couldn’t even stop himself from killing his own brother, there was no coming back from that. Soon enough, the shadow overwhelmed the dimming light, and all he cared about was the angel sprawled on the ground behind him, expressionless as he held his side, attempting to heal himself with a flickering and failing light emitting from its hand. It resulted in nothing, of course, only bloodying his glowing palm. The demon snickered, striding over to him and looking down at him, meeting his blue eyes yet again.
