Hellooo, I’m back from vacation! Thanks so much for all your kind messages <3 The next chaps will have a split-POV and I’m very excited what you think of it. Please be assured that this is and always will be a Stony-centered fic, and there is going to be more plot on their part, as well as fluff and general sappiness. But: I also felt the need to explore my own Bucknat story a little more, so there's going to be a few scenes in the next chaps that are only focused on those two, and I really hope you guys are going to bear with me, even if you're not much of a Bucknat shipper (I love them, but I don't really *ship* them, or anything). This won't be 100% comic-canon, and not a 100% MCU canon (although I wished it were), but something in-between and I hope you guys will like it. And, yeah, to emphasize this again: We'll come back to the more Stony-centered parts very soon.
“Yeah,” Steve answered, doing that thing again—smiling at Tony like he was genuinely glad to see him.
“When I get there. Sometime around noon, I don’t know. Ross will just have to wait for me.” Tony’s head found its way to the crook of Steve’s neck and he settled further into his arms. “I’m so tired of this. Feels like I’ve been sitting in courtrooms for a year straight…”
“Shit,” Steve cursed, and now, they really had no other choice than to fight their way out. He saw the consequences of any action against federal police forces trickle down before his eyes, but there was nothing he could do about it.
"You can't plan for something like this," he said, carefully not mentioning emotions—especially not the kind of emotions that were slowly taking hold of his heart.
So Steve framed his face with both hands, and leaned in until their mouths were almost touching. “I have enhanced sight,” he said, “and you have a good heart, whether you want to admit it or not.”
“For a few hours,” Vision replied, since he suspected it was the answer Steve was hoping for. Something to confirm he was much alike a human being, though in truth he had only lay down motionless. This world was
why you should trust me that I don’t want him on the run, chased by police cars. Seventy-two hours, guaranteed.”
Strange had the audacity to pet Tony’s shoulder once. “You know, Tony, essentially, we are all inside a moment between moments. We’re able to affect what happens in our reality. In our future. But also in our past.”
furious since he’d met the god years ago. He looked close enough to strangle Tony. Of course, this was his brother’s scepter, the one they’d been looking for months, years even. A testy subject, Tony figured.
Steve stumbled through these questions as best he could. However, from the sidelong glances those people kept shooting one another, he knew he hadn’t done well. After the interrogation was finished, they turned their backs on him and began to have a whispered conversation amongst themselves. Steve did not have to hear their words to understand what they were saying: What on earth was someone like Tony Stark doing, taking a boy as common as him into his home?
“Right.” Tony nodded emphatically. “From the King Brat’s perspective, sure, he’s an angel.”
This year's students seemed to be a bit dull up until now, but Steve found it to be both a curse and a blessing. For one, they didn't ask too many questions, so he usually managed to relay all the material in class, which left him with more time to run workshop sessions. So aside from the fact that he sometimes thought he might fall asleep standing, it was pretty good.
Steve's eyes had been fixed on the glass, but he could tell someone was approaching none the less. He kept on staring even as the glass was taken away. Made no move to retrieve it. Why did Tony come back? Hadn't he done enough damage already?
Tony’s head had dropped down in perfect submission, and his entire body shook, triggering Steve’s own orgasm. He curled over his back, completely spent. Tony’s arms gave out and he slumped down, shaking with the aftershocks.
There was no way around it any longer. He and Tony, they were living together. They had a relationship. They were, what—
He turned the USB stick around between his fingers one more time, before handing Fury the device.
The fact that he didn’t answer any of Tony’s encrypted messages was simply because he was busy getting his stubborn ass out of danger.
“Watch it!” Steve rushed to turn it on for him. “You’ll make yourself bleed again.” He pulled the covers back and sat beside him to inspect his bandages while Tony took in the room. Steve had brought him to his floor, but considering the sterile gauze that was neatly wrapped around his middle, he’d obviously been to medical before.
“You never told me what you wished for,” he reminded him.
“There’s this little thing called learning from your mistakes. Since you obviously haven’t taken that step yet, I’m going to have to take it for you: You’re not going without me.”
‘Confused’ was to minor a word for the way he was feeling right now. ‘Bewildered’ might be better. He wasn’t into guys. He’d never… he’d never thought about a man like that, and he
“Been a while,” he said quietly as he sat down at the piano, opening the lid. “You’re the first I’m playing for in about twenty years. Hope you’re happy.”
“What is it you want, Captain?” Tony demanded. “You come here every night, looking as innocent as a freaking angel. That will stop now.”
for a few more moments, before he cleared his throat. “It was Frosty the Snowman.”
His words were, however, completely ignored when Steve withdrew from underneath Tony and wound his legs around his waist, pinning him to the mattress with a meaningful smile.
“It’s not about Indries…” Tony whispered so quiet Steve had trouble hearing him. It was the first time Tony had said her name, and even though it was barely audible, from Tony’s lips, it gained a whole new meaning.
Tony smiled as if reading Steve’s mind. “Well. It’s a bit more complicated, of course, but the important information here is: It can bring you back. And once you go back,
“Right now I’m trying desperately not to think at all,” Tony admitted.
He said it so simply. As though it meant nothing. Tony had known it by now, of course. And yet, hearing the words spoken aloud gave him some blissful kind of liberation. It filled his insides with warmth that he had feared lost to him forever.
“Shut up, Tony,” Steve laughed, nuzzling into his hair.
Steve blinked, raised a brow at him. “Even Bucky?”
“We will,” Tony replied. He swallowed. “I… I know I don’t deserve to have a kid,” he said, and Steve was about to protest, but Tony talked right over him, while smoothing out his hair: “I
* * *
Steve hummed, pressing a chaste kiss against Tony’s lips before glancing at his sweatpants. Meanwhile, Tony’s left hand was skating intently down his front to undo the button of his jeans.
“That was the exact moment when I realized I had fallen in love with you,” Steve explained softly. “Until that point I’d been telling myself that it was just a little crush, that I… that I just had some sort of weird fixation, but… at that moment, I realized that these feelings were the real deal. And I knew I’d do everything to get a chance with you.”
, Steve probably knew what he was talking about.
Tony frowned at him. “How do you even know that?”
Steve’s heart swelled at those words, feeling hope rise within him.
Steve shook his head and grinned, leaning in. They kissed deeply, and when he pulled back again, Tony’s cheeks were flushed, his chest rising and falling rapidly. One of his hands sneaked inside Steve’s sleeping shorts and was curved around his erection a moment later, idly stroking from base to tip. Then, Tony turned around, reaching for the nightstand, opening the lube as he turned himself sideways.
.” Tony sighed deeply, as he leaned forward, reaching for one of his screwdrivers, absently turning it around between his fingers. Of course he’d thought about that. Seeing Peggy again, or that friend of his, or maybe even his parents, it was bound to leave him hurting. “Just wish he wouldn’t try to deal with it on his own.”
“Lagos,” Steve echoed, then frowned. “What’s he doing in Lagos.”
This was what he’d always wanted but never dared to ask for. Having his brother at his side, on the battlefield, but also just like this, at home, like in old times.
"I don't need help," Steve said after a moment as he moved to open the fridge and retrieve a few items. "But you can assist me anyway, if you like." He considered the stuff he'd retrieved, ordering all the ingredients on the counter.
“I…” Bucky met Steve’s eyes with visible confusion. “I didn’t even know…” He searched his eyes as though unsure of the question, himself.
Barnes cracked a nostalgic smile. “You’re close to him,” he said thoughtfully.
“Oh,” Tony breathed, his brows furrowing. “I’m so sorry.”
They arrived at Nashville in the early noon, setting up everything on the campground, before walking into the city. In Nashville, they went straight to lower Broadway. There were restaurants up and down the street, bars with live music, and one record shop after another. They stopped in a few bars that didn’t have a ‘21 or over’ age restriction during the day and stayed for a few hours. They listened to the music, and eventually even decided to do some karaoke. Steve and Barnes started by singing Bob Marley’s
“This is not about ‘how’, it’s about ‘when’. Once we fail, there’s no second line of defense, only a freefall towards Doomsday, you realize that, don’t you?”
“138 combat missions,” Rhodey said. “That’s how many I’ve flown. Every one of them could’ve been my last, but I flew ‘em. To the fight needed to be fought. It’s the same with these Accords. I signed because it was the right thing to do. And, yeah, this sucks.” He glanced at Tony. “But losing Steve didn’t change your mind.”
Love for
Natasha crossed her arms and jutted her chin at him, eyes dark and serious. “Look, SHIELD’s modus operandi might have changed since we stepped out, but they’re still playing on our side.
Thor frowned. “Stop what?”
There was another heavy pause between them. Tony stared at the ceiling. “I met Parker at the tower a few days ago,” Tony told Rhodey. “He said he’d come over and have dinner with us sometime.”
They got to the dance-floor, Tony standing close and holding on, and Steve wrapped his own arms around his waist, fingers linking at the small of his back and holding them pressed close. He loved holding him like this, it was intimate but still tolerable in public.
“Helen,” Steve called, squatting down in front of her. The thick smell of blood was tickling his nose. Her wounds were severe—it wasn’t hard to see that. Some sort of burn that had to be from Ultron’s repulsors himself and that had left a deep wound all across her torso.
Steve regarded Tony closely. As he suspected, it seemed he hadn't exactly planned ahead when he drove up here to meet Steve, and was now getting a little insecure. Steve hurried to fill in the gap.
When Tony stumbled out of his suit, though, Steve had moved before he knew it, kneeling before him and resting both hands on his shoulders, leaning down close so Tony'd have no choice but to look at him.
“Rhodey’ll come in if he wants something. Want more kisses.”
“Gotcha,” Sam said and through the comm-line, Steve could hear both Bucky and Sam whooping. Natasha smiled widely, slumping against Steve with a relieved chuckle.
“Yes, yes, I’m back. Calm down, for heaven’s sake,” Tony told the robot, then looked up at Steve. “Steve, that’s Dummy. Dummy—Steve.”
“I have to try,” Steve said, palming Tony’s cheek with warm hands. God, he really
Tony sat back down, though he still stayed close, holding his hand again. “Look, Steve, as I said: I was mad at you for a long time. And I still wish you could’ve trusted me enough to tell me about Barnes, but I see now that maybe I didn’t give you enough reasons to do that.”
Steve stilled. Then looked at Tony in question.
“Like I got hit by a truck,” he replied. “Then dropped off a cliff, smashed by another truck and set on fire.”
“I know, bud.” Rhodey’s hand was warm and firm on his shoulder.
“I need…” Steve said, his voice hoarse. He had no single idea what he needed, but it became more imperative by the second.
* * *
“Good?”
Time stopped as Tony crouched beside the bed and studied the sleeping man’s face. The beard made him look rougher, but that wasn’t what got to him. It was the tense set of shoulders, the tight line of his mouth, the little twitches of his eyelids as if he was reliving everything all over again. The tiny, nearly indiscernible breaths Steve took; the look he betrayed in his sleep reflecting more serenity than the world had to offer at the moment.
“If that’s the good news I don’t wanna know the bad ones.”
Tony really was the most intimidating person Steve had ever met.
He’s alone.
Both Sam and Steve turned to the direction the voice came from and saw Rhodey and Bucky walking towards them.
“Well, considering that he doesn’t have a collar or a chip, probably very slim. That normally means that the previous owners just wanted to get rid of him.”
“Peggy, there’s too many of them!” he yells back as dread fills him.
“Y’know, if you’re that worried about him, why don’t you come see him yourself? We can trade since I’ll be heading upstate to help SI start with cleanup anyway. Strange and Doctor Palmer said that his condition is stable, but he keeps going in and out of consciousness.”
“I will be acquiring the Asgardian mead.” Thor rushes off of the couch with Bruce right on his heels.
(See the end of the chapter for
Just a few more seconds, that’s all he needs.
“What happened?” Steve asked.
“I hadn’t considered that as an option,” he says as he looks down at the dog contemplatively. Maybe he would like to.
They both laughed.
“I’m not the one who tripped and fell earlier ‘cause they didn’t notice the poor, alien tree guy sticking his leg out. I think you dented his branch a bit. He seemed pretty upset.”
Steve sighs.
“It is now 5:45 in the morning, sir.” A beat. “Shall I inform Mr. Stark about—”
As usual, comments and feedback are always welcome. And if ya'll would like to interact with me, don't be afraid to slide into the DMs on twitter. I love to talk to fellow Stevetonies. Maybe ya'll could help me brainstorm or give me ideas for the next chapter.
“Dodger. Really?”
Crinkles form at the edge of Tony’s eyes as he smiles deeply at Steve, and Steve returns that smile with full force. That is, until Tony’s smile freezes and a curious look appears on his face, realization hitting him.
This won’t ever happen again, he thinks sadly.
“He’s just a dog!” Steve scoffs, raising his voice. Suddenly, he feels the dog in his arms flinch, so Steve tries to calm himself down. The dog doesn’t need this on top of his trauma.
It was cold, however; wherever he was. He could hear people talking. Their voices echoed in and out.
Pepper and Christine smiled ruefully at each other. Resilience was what kept the men in their lives going.
“What about his right arm? Bruce doesn’t think there’s a fix for his own.”
“Yeah, no kidding,” Tony says as he bends down to scratch behind the dog's ear. “Look, buddy, I’ll give you a treat if you stop looking at me like that and let me go down to my lab.”
As the doors close, Steve can still see Tony watching him with an indiscernible expression on his face that almost looks like worry.
“Oh, yeah, we were playing fetch before you came in!”
“You’re really not helping here, JARVIS,” Tony grumbles.
Steve makes his way up to Tony’s floor, walks through the living space and stops in front of his bedroom door that was left slightly ajar.
A small laugh escapes Tony, “Yeah?”
As he gets closer to the pond, he could hear someone shout, “Hey! Is that Captain America?!” And suddenly, a boom of loud chatter emerges and the snapping of cameras go off. From the corner of his eye, he can see that someone has taken out their phone to start recording. There’s no time, but he has the sudden urge to damage private property, take the cameras and cell phones, and crush them. He’s angry at these people who have decided to do nothing but watch.
Steve looked on as Rhodey, Peter, and Pepper made their way over to Tony, as they were the ones closest to him. Steve struggled to make his way over as well, even as his leg screamed in protest. He felt a presence beside him and he turned to his right to see Thor, also gazing at Tony in worry and uncertainty. Without looking over at Steve, Thor wrapped an arm around his waist to help him support his weight and together they made their way over to their fallen comrade.
Steve and Sam were standing behind Steve’s rental car as he prepared for the drive to New York City. They were waiting for Bucky and Rhodey to catch up to them. They both had been attending a conference call with the United Nations and King T’Challa, finishing up. Secretary Ross had stepped down from the United Nations’ panel that dealt with the Accords five years ago and was replaced by someone else far more fair and willing to listen to the Avengers and their concerns. They even settled to have the status of the rogue Avengers wiped completely clean, namely Steve, Sam and Wanda’s, due to their assistive efforts to help save the world. Bucky’s situation is pretty much up in the air, but with King T’Challa and Princess Shuri vouching for him and his recovery, Bucky will be able to remain on American soil without the fear of getting arrested, as long as he’s being escorted by Rhodes or any other Avenger that had signed the original document. As for the Accords having any official ground on whether the Avengers will operate within the UN’s panel, well, that discussion has been tabled and will continue to be until the world recovers from this intergalactic blow. The UN panel, King T’Challa, and Rhodey, as the new liaison, have figured that restrictions will do more harm than good with the world’s current state.
“Sir!” Steve sees the man physically flinch before turning around. He gets closer to him and stares him down. “Would you happen to know what happened to this dog and if he has any owners?”
“Yeah, it looks like someone got it on video and sent it to your employers,” Tony shrugs nonchalantly. “I would also find a different place to go on your small-minded walks, because you’re banned from Central Park for, let me see here, life!”
Steve wakes with a loud gasp, as if desperately trying to replace the phantom feeling of having water-filled lungs. His hair is matted, stuck to his forehead, and his sleepshirt is coated in a thin layer of cold sweat clinging to his skin. He takes a few breaths to calm his rapidly beating heart and starts to take in his surroundings.
“I’ll probably be flying up there later tonight to have time to get me and Barnes ready for that conference call with the new Secretary of State and the UN for tomorrow morning. By the way, I’ll let Pepper know you’ll be on your way here tomorrow. Do you need a place to say?”
“What are the chances of that happening?” he asks.
“Oh, did I hit a nerve?” He regards the crowd, “It looks like America’s golden boy is not only dishonorable but also a
,” teased Pepper as she made her way to greet him. “Steve, it’s good to see you,” she said warmly.
The coffee, though, was alright, all things considered.
There’s a muted cacophony of sounds surrounding him as he sinks down to the floor of the ocean, water rushing through his lungs. He’s disoriented with no clue which direction the surface is. He closes his eyes, waiting for the end of it all. It’s cold and he loses his grip on his vibranium shield, feels it slip through his fingers as the current sweeps it away from him.
Steve startles and puts himself on high alert. His eyes move rapidly across the pond to locate where the disturbance came from. They land on a figure splashing without control and desperation, whimpering sounds coming from it. It’s a dog and it can’t swim.
Steve thinks as he breaks them apart for a moment, snaking a hand behind Tony’s neck to tug him forward touching their foreheads together. He looks deeply into those big, beautiful, brown eyes he loves so much and says, “I’m in love with you too.”
Oh, right. Cap had been beside him there, too; talking to him.
“And I am Just A Rather Very Intelligent System,” Jarvis says, almost cheerily.
she knew about what happened in Siberia all those years ago; wondered if Tony had told her about who killed his parents and his own role of keeping the identity from him. Steve wondered if she knew how he stopped Tony from coming after him and Bucky, how he rammed his symbolic shield into the arc reactor to power down the Iron Man suit. For Pepper to say that Tony forgave him a long time ago - that was a little too hard for Steve to believe.
“He took the elevator,” JARVIS says simply as if it was completely normal for a dog to know how to use an elevator.
And Steve can’t help but feel somewhat relieved at hearing that. The dog won’t suffer the chance to go back to terrible owners who either left him at the park or weren’t actively looking for him. This dog deserves better, and so does
Dodger whimpers but makes a move to get off of Tony, he looks so sad.
“It was my pleasure, Agent Romanoff.”
Steve opens his mouth to reply, but no words come out as his brain begins to catch up to what Tony just said to him. Instead, he bursts out laughing
“Mmm. Yeah, you’re right,” Steve looks into Tony’s beautiful eyes. “Although, I think you fit perfectly right here.”
For the most part, the evacuation goes smoothly.
Ultimately, they’ve given up trying to figure out how to stop Dodger from doing this. Their planning sessions have turned into Steve hanging out in Tony’s lab while the other man works on more modifications for the team’s equipment. They bounce ideas off each other, which spurs Tony’s productivity tenfold. Not that he was never productive; he just became more focused on finishing projects than scrapping what he started and starting new ones.
“Well, why didn’t you?”
“You really couldn’t push him off?”
Steve smiles, “Goodnight, buddy.”
“Oh, right. Doc’s
Steve takes a deep breath and sighs as he listens to the sound of Tony’s heart beating. It begins to soothe him so he closes his eyes and tries to match his breathing with Tony’s while the other man runs his fingers through Steve’s hair.
“Of course, I’m fucking in love with you, you absolute moron,” He splutters, crossing his arms against his chest like he’s trying to protect himself. “I’ve
Steve's thoughts come to a sudden halt. He slams his sketchbook shut just as Tony walks through his bedroom door with a confused look on his face and Dodger behind his legs, nudging them to keep him walking forward.
He looks back at Tony and sees the same sadness reflected in his eyes. There are lots of things that Steve wants to say to him before they go, things that he thinks he’s ready to admit. But instead, he nods and says, "I’ll see you up there.”
You could have...
Steve shoots out a hand and fists the front of Tony’s shirt, dragging him forward to press their lips together in a bruising kiss. It takes Tony a few seconds to react, but when he does, he melts into the kiss, bringing his hands up to cradle Steve’s face between them.
“Why don’t you try talking to him again, baby?” Pepper urged on. “I think he heard you last time.” The last time Tony had gained consciousness was after Morgan had her talking session with him, but Pepper had Happy take her back to the hotel suite - that she booked for their stay in the city until Tony recovered - before she was able to see the fruits of her labor. Pepper had watched as Tony had opened his eyes for a brief second and a slight smile appear on his face. The moment was short, but Pepper knew that Tony was still listening.
Steve, still trying to process what Tony just said to him, blinks himself out of a trance to find that the elevator doors have already closed in his face as it takes Tony to his lab.
“Well, I guess it doesn’t even matter anymore, does it? And you’re here now, right? It’s better than never. And it looks like you two are on better terms,” she said with a slight smile. “Despite everything that happened between the two of you, and anything he would say regarding that, I think he forgave you a long time ago, Steve. In fact, I think he ne-” Pepper was cut off by the sound of her phone ringing. She quickly took it out and said, “It’s Happy.”
“Yeah, I would say so.”
Some of the fighters left with Strange. Wong also instructed the rest to open portals to have those that were wounded pass through and clear the field. The only ones left were the Guardians and the Avengers. The portal that Strange had opened, closed, and Steve turned back to Tony and knelt forward next to Pepper.
“Who’s a smart dog?” She coos as she gives him those behind the ear scratches she knows are his favorite.
“Actually, sir, it's been 48 hours since you’ve gotten a full night’s rest,” JARVIS pipes up.
Thinking back on that, and he must have been delirious at the time, he had a vague memory of that asshole, the cryptic doctor with his stupid, billowing, sentient cloak, portaling out and coming back with a female doctor friend…
@ircnshield
Steve chuckled and said, “I haven’t had the pleasure of trying his cooking. He usually ordered takeout for the team.”
him; it hurt as much as not knowing whether Tony was dead or alive when Ebony Maw attacked New York, looking for the time stone, and hearing Bruce’s voice on the other end of that burner phone that Steve sent Tony with a promise that he couldn’t-
Then, there was that night when Carol Danvers rescued Tony from Space and brought him back to Earth. Pepper was already out there, watching as Captain Marvel lowered the spaceship to the ground. However, having caught that first glance of a haggard-looking Tony had Steve’s legs on autopilot, and he ran towards the ship as if his life depended on it.
“Oh, it’s okay. Hardly felt it.”
Once he’s done getting ready for bed, he makes sure to keep his door open in case Dodger needs a drink of water during the night. He walks over to Dodger, pets him goodnight, and walks towards his bed pulling down the covers as he climbs in. He lays down and closes his eyes.
“What? It was faster,” Tony grins as he takes out his StarkPhone. “JARVIS, send the suit back to the tower. Tell the vet we’ll be there shortly.”
Steve turned around and saw Doctor Stephen Strange make his way towards them, cloak billowing behind him as we walked. Steve looked at him in confusion and was about to protest but Strange cut him off with, “We need to remove the armor first. Then I can transport him to the hospital.”
He could hear Tony yelling at him through the comms ordering him to come back.
“You’ll have to give him a name.”
“I see. Well, Happy wasn’t wrong. You should go take a break.” He paused for a moment and said, “Do you mind if I tagged along? I could go for some coffee, too. I didn’t stop for breakfast on my way here.”
“If I didn’t know any better, I’d say you’re trying to keep me here.”
Steve nodded. “Well, then, keep me posted if anything changes.” He walked towards the driver’s seat and proceeded to get in the car.
“Well, it’s not hard to do when you aren’t even trying to leave.”
“Well, that’s good,” said Steve, smiling back. “I’m glad that they’re letting you stay, Buck, I really am.”
, you didn’t.”
Unmistakably, he could hear his little girl talking to him.
“Ow! Hey! Okay, okay, I’m going! Hey, Cap! Is everything okay in here?”
I would also like to know if you guys think that the character interactions are flowing naturally. It's kind of hard to write certain characters interacting when they've never interacted on screen before.
Once the elevator reaches the communal floor he startles slightly at the sight of Tony inside it, tapping away on his phone. Steve clears his throat since Tony hasn’t made a move to leave the elevator. This seems to bring the brunette back to earth as he sharply glances up into Steve’s direction.
From the corner of his eye he sees Tony raising an eyebrow at him—
“Okay, good.”
Steve breathes sharply as heat pools low in his stomach. Tony leans down slowly, closing the distance between their lips with a kiss full of desire. Steve grabs onto Tony’s hips with the full intention of flipping them both around, but fate has other plans.
“Tony? What happened?” Steve raises a brow at him.
Nonetheless, Pepper took pity on him and said, “Sure, Cap. Let’s go.” And together, they made their way to the elevators.
“Hey, Cap. I’m going to need you to come up to my room.” He hears Tony say on the other end.
He should also consider that it wasn’t necessarily his fault that he was the first person that Tony saw when he finally decided to wake up.
“W-wait. You’re in love with me?” Steve asks in shock, trying to wrap his mind around the other man’s words. “How?
The only constant, however, is Tony.
As they made their way over, Steve could hear Peter speaking to Tony. Tony hadn’t moved at all after he collapsed. He just stared on as Peter whimpered, “... we won. Mr. Stark? Y-You did it, Mr. Stark… Tony...” He started to cry.
Tony bit his lower lip, and nodded. “I hope so.”
“It’s a matter of semantics, is it not? Either I’m not JARVIS, but he remains a part of me, or I am JARVIS, and there are parts that are not me. In both regards,” Vision paused, gathering his words as he often did, before he looked back up at Steve, “I do remember that I have been your friend, Steve, and I would be sorely disappointed if this friendship were gone, now.”
“I think that’s why I didn’t realize it at first,” Steve went on. “Looking at a fella got you into trouble real fast, and I was supposed to find a girl and marry her, but I didn’t want to. I didn’t know what I wanted until I knew you.” He leaned back a little so he could put his hand on top of the arc reactor; his fingers brushing lightly over its surface. It threw a soft blue light against Steve’s skin and suddenly, that last missing puzzle piece fell into place as well.
But this—this felt different.
“What happened?” Steve asked and the sudden question had Tony startle.
“The ‘how’ wouldn’t have mattered,” Tony said softly.
Steve frowned. “Tony…”
Something strangely warm settled in Steve’s gaze. “I… I can’t say too much, Tony, but… you’re happy, too, okay? Your future… I’d like to think it’s something to look forward to.”
It seemed too personal a question; one Natasha would never answer him anyway.
“I know you enough to know you care about Steve a lot. Even if the timeline has changed—that’s still true, isn’t it?”
Steve’s voice was heavy with strain, which didn’t make Tony feel any better. “I’m nearing the console. Tell JARVIS to get off my back, Tony, we talked about this.”
, because…
“I like girls just fine,” Steve told Bucky with an eye roll.
Steve wove his fingers through Tony’s hair and sighed, but said nothing.
Christ, he wasn’t even looking at him anymore.
Getting married had never made it on his bucket list. With Steve, though… Marrying him wouldn’t be about putting a label on their love, it would just be that: saying yes for the sake of it. Giving Steve yet another declaration, with no second meaning at all. And having everyone know that Steve was
Two firm hands found his wrist, jarring him back to himself and spearing his insides with clarity. His eyes found Tony’s—not Iron Man’s, not Extremis’,
Tony pondered giving Steve’s reports a look after all, but decided against it. He’d return home eventually, and it was better to hear Steve’s version, and not the formal one he’d written down for SHIELD.
Steve was making a strangled sounding noise, body leaning up and pressing into Tony as if he couldn’t bear to not have every inch of his skin touching Tony’s.
He sort of already knew how mucked up Steve’s emotions were whenever it came to Tony.
After a moment’s hesitation, Tony started to hand him off, but Ian’s entire body stiffened and he wailed his protest loudly, almost hysterically.
“Bullshit,” a deep voice growled.
. Both of you.”
“Exactly. It’s gonna be quick and dirty.”
As Steve looked down on the remaining sparring partners, he did wonder whether Wanda and Pietro would ever be able to really fit into the team. After everything that had happened to them, it seemed they hadn’t found the thing to live for yet.
“I want to feel you,” Steve said, smiling as he took the condom from Tony, and put it on the bed. “Now would probably be a good time to tell you that Natasha gave me one of those tablets right? My research was pretty all-encompassing.”
“He missed you,” Tony said and slowly, he entwined his right hand with Steve’s left. “He asked for you, and cried when you weren’t there to sing him to sleep. I tried to do what I could, and we handled it well enough, but…” He glanced sideways, and hated himself a little for sounding as vulnerable as he did then. “I don’t want to do this without you. I don’t want him to stop expecting you to be there in the evenings. I don’t want to remember your recipes for him, I want to trust that you’re there to cook them for him. I want someone there to remind me that it’s not the end of the world when he has a bit of temperature, or if he’s mad for me for not giving him what he wants, I… I want you there. With me.”
“And that has to be you?” Bruce said with a raised brow.
Bucky rolled his eyes. "You mentioned a surprise," he said with an impatient huff. “I'm really not the most patient guy out there.”
There was evident hurt in Tony eyes and something darker Steve couldn’t quite figure out.  Something he would have to deal with come dawn, no doubt.
“I’m… not the only Winter Soldier,” he said cautiously, as if the information had only just returned to him. “I—They’d frozen and thawed me so many times during that phase, I wasn’t sure if I just imagined all of it. I thought this part of my life was over.”
Natasha had simply sauntered into his room about ten minutes ago, without prior notice, without any sign that she would arrive in Wakanda. She had met Bucky’s incredulous stare with one of her slightly crooked smiles, and then she’d pulled him down on the bed by a finger in his collar.
It wasn’t really a question. He already knew the answer. “Yes.”
Steve leaned down on him, and his mouth traced the expense of Tony’s throat. One hand managed to wheedle under Tony’s shirt, while the other was tugging at his pants. Tugging and then—Dammit, Steve buried his head in the nape of his throat as he found his hardness. Caressing flesh that he knew so well. Teasing him, drawing artless circles around the head that craved his touch the most. Tony heard Steve chuckling at the noises he made, but turnabout was fair play. His own hands were well occupied; gliding laps up and down his length, teasing his sensitive head with excited liberation.
It happened too quickly for Steve to do anything. A fierce electric shock surged through Bucky’s body, and there was a moment of hurt-betrayal flashing across his eyes, before he went completely limp. He dropped forward, and Iron Man didn’t stop him from tumbling down on the floor.
"That… That was…" he panted, grasping for an appropriate word.
“Oh my God,” Steve gasped, his fingers digging into Tony’s forearms.
Steve’s throat felt so tight the words didn’t want to come. After his wife’s death, he wanted
“I always do.”
A weak smile drew across Steve’s lips. “Don’t make me a saint, Nat. I’ve done my fair share of wrong like everyone else, lying to people’s faces just to get what I wanted—and for entirely selfish reasons. You, on the other hand, lied to me because you thought it was right, and you left Bucky because you had no other choice. Trust me, you don’t need me to make you feel better.”
when Tony suddenly raised himself to his knees by pushing both hands firmly down on Steve’s stomach.
Instead, he held onto the second emotion rising to the surface.
A tiny smile flickered across Steve’s face. “I was thinking I’d give you a few more hours to recover, but…” He sighed. “Wanda keeps telling the team you’re dangerous. The twins are here and—you were right. They sound willing enough to stick around, but they refuse to make a decision until we know what’s going on with you. Wanda, she… she seemed afraid of you.”
No, there was no mistaking him. It was Tony. And yet, he didn’t seem to remember him.
And it was slowly driving Tony insane.
Tony looked good, though. With the baseball cap, and glasses on, the loose-fitting jeans and the black sweater, he looked more casual than Steve ever remembered seeing him, but good nevertheless. Not as sharp, somehow, a lot softer.
He grinned as he saw Steve’s ass wiggle a little with the movements and raised one naked foot to run it along one perfect cheek.
“At least now you know he feels the same way about you. You didn’t have that the first time around. You never believed me when I said he was looking at you with big heart-eyes all the damn time.”
* * 6/23/22, 2:31 PM * *
With a last, surrendering sigh, Steve started to talk. He told him about the Lemurian Star, about Natasha, Fury and his new generation Helicarriers. All Tony did was wrap Steve’s naked form in his arms and listen. And all the while, he had to think back to his phone conversation with Pierce earlier this week. They’d been talking about the last upgrades to the new repulsor system, about how many tests Tony still needed to do, and all in all, the call had been less than satisfactory, but that wasn’t unusual. Pierce had always wanted too much in too little time. Thinking back on it, though, Tony also thought—and maybe it was his own paranoia—that he’d heard the barely audible click of a recording device.
Steve hung back, staring at the wide open door. He couldn't see Tony from where he was standing but knew he must be in there. It took a moment before he made himself move, taking a step forward. "Tony?"
Looking at Tony, he sighed, then hummed an affirmative. Tony would never do that. As he so eloquently stated, he truly wasn't an asshole. Steve shifted, letting his legs fall over the edge of the bed and settle on the floor. He didn't want to be doing this, but he had to. Tony shouldn't even be here. "I'm sorry, Tony," he said, hearing his own voice waver a little with his resolve. "But you should probably leave."
Everything was exactly the same: The huge bed, the window front, and the silken sheets. The rug, the night stands, the bed lamps,
Bruce shrugged again. "Hiding, stalling. Call it however you want. His godfather drops by every two months, always telling him to leave college and work at the company. Come to think of it, he's due pretty soon. I'd keep away from the labs if I were you, at least for a few weeks."
Nebula pushed her own hand into the Gauntlet, and it adjusted immediately, shrinking in size, fitting perfectly around her slim fingers. A deafening sound emerged, and amazingly, the Infinity Stones came to life once more.
Steve’s eyes widened—but it was that moment, when new footsteps resounded.
He came back to himself just as Tony’s own climax hit. His body had seized up again and his cock pulsed in his own hand and Steve thought that nothing was more beautiful than Tony’s face when he came.
Steve shifted a little closer. Tony tried to get away again, but he was penned in all around by trees, so there was really nowhere for him to go.
. Bucky didn't know, did he? Steve hesitated apparently one beat too long because the next second there was a flicker of understanding in Bucky's eyes. "Oh," he said, then pressed on. "Was
“Barnes? Are you in there?” Barton called from outside.
Tony stared at him for empty seconds as though he’d never seen him before.
He’d secretly been glad that the scandal at the gala had stopped Steve from asking any more questions about registration, but now, he simply felt tired of keeping secrets. It was no use anyway, he wouldn’t find a solution all by himself. All he could do now, was to try to solve the problem with Steve by his side.
, Steve wanted to say, but Hammer just talked over him.
“I’ll be careful,” Tony promised. While he knew there was nothing he could truly do to quench Steve’s fear, he could at least try to comfort him.
However, the jab about parental control was the point where Steve finally flushed with indignation. Did Tony really think he'd never been exposed to pornography before?
It was as if he was constantly reliving a long-lost dream—as if he hadn’t truly found a way to wake up yet.
Tony rolled his eyes, but didn’t say anything. Because a truthful answer would’ve been that… that the prospect sounded less scary by the second.
Yeah, this was happening. And it was happening now.
They’d had a
And the fact that Steve apparently hadn’t told anyone so far didn’t change that being around him would be flat out horrible. It was the apocalypse. The Four Horsemen. A shower of frogs. Burning lakes of fire. It was—
Before Steve could answer, Tony’s tongue poked out to caress the underside of Steve’s cock. It was, admittedly, the single most indescribable sensation Steve had ever experienced—something he’d only heard the soldiers talk about. Something he always suspected he’d never experience.
This past week had been full of surprises. The visit from his parents that went—considering Tony had just blurted out that Steve was his boyfriend—in large, as expected. A bunch of yelling, accusations, name calling, offers to pay for therapy that were extremely of the unwanted variety, and a retreat when Howard saw there was no point in his coming there in the first place.
“I appreciate the thought, babe, but there’s effectively no way I’m up for a second round.”
“Don’t be jealous, snookum,” Tony called and when he walked by, he pressed a kiss on Rhodey’s head. “You’ll always be my first.”
have feelings for him! Even if they never got married, even if they didn’t get together, Steve knew Tony cared for him. More than a friend, more than a teammate. They had only hurt each other so badly because there was so much love between them.
do that again," he said, hating the undertone of desperation in his voice.
“Yes.” And it was true. “I—It’s hard to explain, but what happened, back then, it was such a giant mess. Someone played us, and sure, we
There was a big golden chest standing next to the couch table, and inside were a good bunch of vials with a clear green liquid.
Had he known the simple pleasure of being the source of a child’s delight, he wouldn’t have wasted so much time mulling this over. He wouldn’t have let Tony wait and wait and wait for a decision.
He heaved a heavy breath, his mind going in a thousand different directions at once.
“Very sure. Need you now.”
Steve nodded thoughtfully. “Then we need to take them down manually.”
The room was alight with color, his ears were ringing, and Steve was still very much inside him. It felt like an eternity had passed for light to pierce the fog swimming around his head, and when it did, he felt Steve’s cock slipping out and the sound of his small groan was perhaps the most erotic thing Tony had ever heard.
“Yeah, I got that. Imagine my surprise when Natasha asked me to go looking for myself.” Tony turned around and cocked his head.
The thought was not as reassuring as it probably should be. He didn’t want the others to rely on him like that. Not when he was this unsettled, this off his game. What good would he do them when all he wanted to do right now was pick up his old bike from his apartment in Brooklyn and just see where it would take him?
In one fluid movement, Steve was standing upright and Tony was in his arms, his temple resting against Tony’s head as they moved to the music. He closed his eyes and breathed him in. He smelled so good and in that moment, Steve could almost believe that there really was a bubble around them, and nothing outside of it mattered.
His face. It was a face full of understanding and acceptance, the brown eyes naked… and so very familiar.
a big deal, Buck."
So he figured action was a better language. It was his turn to show Steve what this thing between them meant to him.
And yet, here he was, standing there, looking a bit sheepish but simultaneously hopeful.
Steve laughed at that, heavy breaths rupturing through his chest, and Tony gave him a pointed look, eyes half-lidded. “Not sure how to be good here... Any pointers?”
“Absolutely not.” Tony took a deep breath. “But he’s right. It’s about the team, and about Sokovia. It’s about Wakanda and Lagos and Vienna and New York. And it’s…” He swallowed, hating how his voice was breaking a little. “And it’s our only option.”
Tony regarded Steve, his brows furrowed in deep thought. Steve looked so anxious, and he knew whatever he’d seen had really pushed him off his feet.
God, he was so tired. Too tired to make any plans, or to figure a way out of this mess.
“Bullshit. You’re still favoring your right side. Bruce saw it, too, right, Brucie?”
Steve swallowed as they lifted the last pole together. He looked sideways and stared right at Tony’s face. “Look, about what happened…” he began carefully. “I just want you to know that I don’t—”
near him, it didn’t matter what they did.
believe that his partner, his friend… this brash, snarky, obnoxious man… was the actual devil?
“Are you really here?” Steve asked.
.” He heaved a deep breath, obviously trying to calm himself down.
By the time the thunder-lit water made its way inside the suit’s helmet, Tony’s heavy eyes conceded the battle to fatigue, and he fell into a deep blackness.
window. The cold wind brushed along Steve’s sweaty face, making him gasp.
Soon enough, they slept. And if Steve glanced through the window every minute or so, watching Tony’s silhouette moving inside the illuminated tent, while still tasting him on his lips, well… no one had to know.
He would never forgive himself if he did not say goodbye, but he was also horribly nervous as to how Tony would react to his sudden departure. Would he be secretly glad to be rid of him?
“Please,” Steve said. “I’m his… I’m his partner. Business partner. I have to…” …
“Don’t know,” Tony replied and he had a look in his eyes as though he had just come awake after decades of darkness.
“He actually does look a lot like you,” Maria mused after a moment, looking back to the group still standing around Tony.
“Sneaky, Rogers, sneaky.”
There were a few photos arranged there, most of them of Steve, Jarvis, Rhodey, Bruce and Pepper, and Steve huffed in amusement when he picked up the
Tony blinked. “We’re really doing the stupid ghost tour?”
“Now?” Steve said, swallowing as the thoughts in his head ran a mile a minute. “It’s late.”
And that was most definitely a first for him.
“You’re dead!” Tony yelled, and his whole body was shaking terribly. There were tears stinging his eyes now, and his voice was hoarse. “You’re dead, okay? You
Steve had about a second to think that going to the maldives for a date would be an overkill to end all overkills. But the thought soon escaped him, as he realized someone was suddenly standing next to them, reminding him that he and Tony were both buck naked.
“If that’s how it is, you’re not leaving me any other option,” Tony said. He looked at Natasha, then at Rhodey, then closed Iron Man’s helmet. He took a deep breath, and gave himself a running start before he rushed into the sky.
Behind her, Natasha and Clint filed into the room, looking a little disheveled and more than a little tired—it was probably dead of the night then, Tony really had lost track of time. Natasha only cast Barnes' form a fleeting glance. She'd been in his room a couple of times within the last days, but never actually gave him more than a moment's consideration. Tony could tell that she was guarding her reactions very carefully, but aside from that, he had no idea what was going through her head and he figured, that was exactly what she wanted.
” Steve repeated.
“I’m sorry.”
his neck. For a moment, Steve thought he might come again, and he almost cried out in protest when Tony removed his fingers, leaving him empty.
“So much for practicing your unsatisfied face,” Tony murmured into Steve’s ear.
the crack in the support beam on the way in. That was your
real enough, but Steve had personally trained each and every one of them and they were obviously not going all out the way they could.
Huffing a breath, Steve tilted his head, touching his temple to Tony's. It was reassuring. "He crossed a line with 'whoring', Tony." Still, minutes after the fact, the phrase circled in his head like a chicken looking for something to peck. Yes, Steve's temper had been tipped by the pedophile comment, but it was the fact that he dared suggest Tony was a whore that really got Steve in that punching mood.
“So… this place is overrated, don’t you think?” he asked as he sat down on the stool next to Steve, gently taking the glass out of his hand and putting it aside.
Steve took it without stopping the humming sounds, then brushed the nipple over the baby’s lips. He rearranged the angle after a moment, so there wouldn’t be any air getting sucked into the baby’s tummy. “It’s called ‘The Night Nursery’,” he said eventually. “Ma used to sing it to me when I was sick. It’s… not a very happy song but I always loved the sound of it.”
They were both silent for a good minute, and Tony took a bite of eggs, sighing as though it was a big inconvenience. “I guess this is okay,” he said, doing his best to suppress how amazing it tasted and how much he’d missed Steve’s cooking skills.
No one could take that away.
Steve swallowed, staring up at Tony and he didn’t know what to say to that. He couldn’t talk like Tony, didn’t have his way with words, but he felt the same. Tony was perfect for him, too.
TS 7:04 P.M.>Sure you don’t, sweetie-pie. That’s a yes to café date right? Tell me when you’re back and we set up a time?
Tony brushed a hand over his chin, as if only now remembering that he didn’t exactly look like he usually did. “Right.”
“Not without you!
“Body heat,” was all Steve said as he pushed his pants down, leaving only his underwear. “Come on, get out of your overall.”
Steve had to bite his cheeks to keep from laughing. “Walk around the beach, you know… let our spirits flow.”
Tony groaned with the sudden movement. His head was spinning and it took him a moment to fight the urge to throw up, likely spewing beer and tequila all over Steve and yup, that wouldn’t do any good.
“Did I say something wrong?” Steve asked when he noticed the sudden stiffness in Tony’s posture.
you raved about how great Steve is. ‘He’s so funny, Rhodes.’ ‘He’s so smart, Rhodes.’ ‘He’s so not-jock-material, Rhodes.’ And then it all just stopped?
In all his years, Steve reckoned he had never known such softness. It was all around him. Everywhere. Encompassing him with the pure radiance of suggestion.
“I know,” Tony replied, equally broken. He felt Steve’s palm against his own.
“Just doing what I can to keep it together,” he paused, getting a look at the expression on her face. “Won’t let anything happen to either of them.”
If he sent the letter away now, that’d be the last thing he’d say to Tony, and hear from him, for a very long time.
“Radio stations out here are worthless,” Steve explained, his voice slurred.
“You’re doing it again,” Natasha said from her place across from Steve. Everyone else was in the front of the RV, and Tony was still listening to some terribly loud music.
Tony cast him a surprised look. “Camping,” he echoed. “
“Yeah,” Bucky said.
A fond smile twitched at the corners of her lips. “You wouldn’t have minded once.”
Racking his brain, Tony tried to remember if Steve had ever mentioned any of the strategies he’d used when Ian wouldn’t stop crying, but couldn’t think of any. He knew his baby loved lying on Steve’s bare chest more than anything, but that probably had something to do with the accelerated heartbeat the serum had given Steve.
She led him past the next crossroad, into a back alley that wound behind the theaters and restaurants. Only a handful of people were milling there. They were leaving after some late performance. They giggled and talked amongst themselves even as they scattered into the darkness.
The color was so faint at first Steve could barely see it, but it grew, expanding across the sky until it twisted and danced, shimmering like wisps of green smoke, the entire sky soon illuminated by its light, the stars beyond vanishing behind its beauty. The sight stole Steve’s breath away, his heart lodging in his throat as he looked on with wonder and more than a little awe.
Tony had never quite spoken against the parties trying to invoke restrictions on the Avengers, but he had never uttered an affirmative word either. Now, it seemed, he’d made up his mind.
give the sliver of a thought. It was two hours after Ross’ departure, and they still hadn’t moved beyond arguments like ‘This won’t be happening’ and ‘We have to find a way to stop this’. There was no move for a compromise on Steve’s part, no signal that he’d let all of it sink in for a night and then see where they could go.
before, but it makes sense, right? Of course I’d be dreaming of you when my life goes to literal hell. You were always there when I needed someone and I… I wracked my brain trying to get over the idea that I might’ve hurt you, and it’s crazy…”
Balling a hand into a fist, Tony closed his eyes for a brief moment. He knew what he was about to do was stupid, and somewhat reckless, but his brain was busy repeatedly screaming ‘Once-in-a-lifetime-opportunity’ at him with ringing alarm signals. And he’d never been able to turn down a chance like this. It had been a losing game the moment he’d put the alien bulb beneath that bell jar.
That was never a good thing. But he’d always been a fool when it came to love.
"Who are you trying to impress?" Steve asked as he let the strange material of Tony's undersuit out of his hands and onto the floor, reaching to stabilize him as he got rid of the pants. The suit was tight and springy, which Steve thought would present an excellent way to keep them off the floor.
“I deserve to know,” Steve said. “You can’t just spring this on me without explaining.”
He was breathless, his knees were sore, his arms were shaking, and he didn’t care one bit. All he could do was sob his pleasure into the leather of the bench, clenching his eyes shut as he fought off his climax with little success.
“It’s okay,” Tony assured him with a soft tone, one hand reaching out to tenderly touch his cheek when Steve’s gaze threatened to drift away again. “It’s just me,” he whispered, leaning in to brush a kiss along Steve’s cheek. “I know the thing with Bucky’s still on your mind. You never really talked about it, which is cool, you don't have to, just… I’ll carry yours if you carry mine, okay?”
“For thinking we were worth another try.”
“You did,” Tony confirmed. At first, he wanted to leave it at that, but his heart wouldn’t let him. “But… there’s still plenty he will learn in the next months.”
“‘s a good song. Did you know the songwriter died in the back seat of a car on his ride home, quietly choking on his own vomit?”
“Who’s Rhodey?”
And Stark Mansion… it was without question the greatest building he had ever seen. Immediately, his hand itched with the need to sketch it. There were two great wings that led to what he assumed was the main hall. And the steps that led to the entrance seemed enormous. The Mansion was built right at the edge of a steep cliff and all around were acres of green grass—and below, the wide blue ocean.
He did. He’d seen it in Tony’s eyes. And the knowledge that the larger-than-life Lucifer Morningstar had somehow fallen for him, Steve Rogers, had been terrifying before, but it was a million times more so now.
“And not worth his time,” Tony mumbled distractedly.
The only thing helping him get through the wait was the fact that he wasn’t alone.
“Shut it,” Bucky snapped. “Tony did what he had to and we just did the same thing.” Bucky waved off all of Clint’s objections and interruptions. “We don’t know what Ross told him. What things he asked of him. He might as well be working his ass off right now to keep things from getting worse.”
Steve watches the video feed of Dodger doing just that and turns to look at him. Dodger stares back, his tongue happily sticking out and his tail wagging.
He turned towards Morgan. “Hey, kiddo,”
“Ha!”
“I’m sorry about that, Captain Rogers,” Christine said as she shook his hand in greeting.
Steve shifts his gaze down, not wanting to meet his eyes, “I didn’t want to burden you with that.”
“He’s
Steve frowned, and he and Rhodey didn’t say anything for a moment.
“Geez, I don’t know... a night ago? I was working on gear modifications for the team, okay?” he says, defensively.
“Right, I’ll give it to him,” said Steve. He continued, “You guys got things handled here, right?”
“I don’t think he wants you to leave,” Natasha jokes from the couch.
was left unsaid.
“No one has ever drawn me like this. Actually, no one has ever drawn me, period. I’m just having a hard time wrapping my head around the way you did.”
Don’t even get him started on the way Tony interacts with Dodger. If it was possible to melt into a puddle of mushy goo, he wouldn’t be here right now.
Tony’s lips attempted to form a half-smirk before his eyes shifted to something behind Steve. Steve turned to see that the portal had reappeared and Doctor Strange coming through it with a stretcher and a woman trailing behind him.
Natasha smirks, “Well, I’m glad you got a new friend out of this,” she says. “Oh, Tony? Pepper called me to tell you that you better stop avoiding her and call her back or else she’s coming by tomorrow. Something about the display at the park.”
“Well-”
On his ninth lap, he decides to enter the park through the Artist’s Gate and takes the dwindling path to The Pond. The city is fully awake now, and the pedestrians have started to crowd the perimeter along with tourists trying to set up carriage tours with the cabbies. While the park attracts guests year-round, it’s a summer weekend, which means more people than usual are milling through the park. Steve takes a more secluded route, bright green foliage surrounding him as he makes his way towards the scenic Gapstow Bridge. He stops there for a moment to take a break and leans against the railing as he looks down at the calming pond. He counts six ducklings swimming after their mother and listens to the birds chirp away; the loud bustling sounds of the city falling out of reality for just a moment. He closes his eyes as he relishes in this small moment of illusioned respite
As this realization hits him, Steve sprints from the bridge and makes his way down to the bank of the pond where a small group of people begin to gather. Not one other person made a move to help the struggling animal fighting for his life.
Dodger tilts his head and looks at the bed but makes no move to get into it. Steve sighs. He could keep this up, but he’s just too exhausted.
Rhodey’s voice ripped Steve away from his current thoughts. He and Rhodey were finishing up their conference call when Steve had asked about how Tony was doing.
“Fuck you, you rich asshole! You won’t get away with this! People will soon realize you’re all a bunch of —”
With a renewed spark of curiosity in his eyes, Tony sits down next to Steve, leaning in close to peer over his shoulder. Steve is hyperaware of the warmth that he brings with him, and he wants to bask in it, hold him.
“I don’t let him anywhere near my kitchen. It’s a recipe for disaster. He made me a burnt omelet once, as an apology. Never again.”
“No way. But thanks for the coffee, Cap! You’re a lifesaver,” he says as he makes his way down the hall. He stops for a moment and turns back around to face Steve. “Hey, you alright?”
“Oh, he’s great. He’s doing well over here, with us.”
Steve nodded, indicating that she should go ahead and answer it.
“Hey, Dodger! What have you been doing, buddy? I’ve been looking all over for you.” He kneels to pet Dodger on the head.
He just really needed him to be alright.
“Oh, no. There hasn’t been. I just came to see why there was so much noise out here,” she said. “However, Ms. Potts, on the matter of the limb-.”
Steve dropped the phone on the hotel bed and sat down. Currently, half of the Avengers and the Guardians were at the compound site to assist with their cleanup attempt. The other half, including Steve, were staying in a hotel in a small town forty-five minutes out from the compound - taking their turn to rest. It’s midday - it’s almost time for the shift change, and both Sam and Bucky should be back soon. Sam and Bucky have been getting along well; very well in fact, that Steve wasn't worried about taking off for a few days. They can help manage the team with Rhodey from here.
“What happens if you can’t find out?” Steve asks.
There was a knock on the door before it opened and Dr. Palmer entered. “Oh, Mr. Stark. You’re awake,” said Dr. Palmer as she walked into the room. “This is great. We were hoping you’d wake up soon. I’m Dr. Christine Palmer, by the way.”
As expected, the hospital food was terrible.
However, that didn’t stop Steve from wanting the floor to open up and swallow him whole.
“No, nothing’s changed. I’m very happy with him,” He says smiling at Tony.
After all that they’ve been through, working with Tony again these past few weeks and saving the world from Thanos had been the most alive Steve had ever felt since before the situation with Bucky and the Accords. It felt good to be on the same side as Tony. There was always something there when they worked together; something that made them better and overcome anything that felt impossible. They worked flawlessly; able to communicate what the other is thinking and coming up with the same ideas by using as few words as possible.
“You might’ve heard this but Tony is a terrible cook.”
“Your owner is a big, dumb, blonde, idiot. A
Steve carried the dog through the elevators and up to the communal floor where, as Tony had said, a vet waited for their arrival with a steel medical grade table. The vet checked the dog over for any injuries but found none. She advised that he just needed food, water, rest, and some medication for fleas, ticks, and heartworm prevention as well as some additional vaccines just to be safe. Tony nods along as she explains all this to them, giving her the go-ahead to do what she needs to for the dog.
Steve’s fully awake now. He shoots up into a sitting position and looks around to see if he could spot Dodger anywhere in his room even though he knows he’s not there. He looks towards his bedroom door, which he kept closed but unlocked last night and finds it wide open.
Steve groans as excruciating pain shoots all over his body. The smoke is making his eyes water and he feels it filling up his lungs as he gasps for nonexistent, clean air.
Two days passed.
“Tony, of course, it’s you.” He says earnestly.
Besides, what they have now is great. Isn’t it?
“Oh, Happy, I should really stay.”
“Uh,” Steve coughs awkwardly. He could feel heat rushing to his face. “Tony, what are you doing here? What’s going on?”
As Pepper spoke on the phone with Happy, Steve took a moment to contemplate the conversation that they were having just now, and wondered just
“Thank you, Tony,” he murmurs and drifts off into a peaceful sleep surrounded by the two things he loves most in the world.
, y’know?” Rhodey paused again. “Besides, I'm sure that he’d like to see you there, anyway.”
Tony reaches forward attempting to gather the other man in his arms. Steve can’t resist the pull of being close to Tony and the comfort of being held, so he goes along with it. He presses his face against Tony’s chest, where the arc reactor emits a warm glow through the soft, black cotton of Tony’s tank top and brings his arm up to clutch tightly at Tony’s waist.
“Alright! Break it up!” she ordered. “Get back to your rounds.”
“‘Responsible’ is his middle name. He’ll take good care of him,” Tony pipes up and Steve sends him a slightly exasperated look.
Steve places the leash on his dresser and makes his way to the bathroom to get ready for bed. It’s been a long day and he’s pretty exhausted with everything that’s happened today.
Sam nodded, “Well, that’s good. We all need each other, too. More than ever. There’s no room for fights. Especially since we’ve lost really good people.”
But if anyone has questions don’t hesitate to pm/dm me.
“Yeah, yeah. I’ve heard worse. And I think that’s plenty of hate speech for one day,” Tony dismisses the insults and regards the crowd as the groundskeeper gets taken away, “Alright, people, the show’s over. Go do... whatever it was you all were doing.”
“I will.” Steve shook Sam and Rhodey’s hands in goodbye. He turned to Bucky to give him a hug. “Take care, Buck.”
“I think he just outsmarted you.”
The nurses dispersed and backed away from the Captain, each of them scurrying away to resume their work, their faces blushing furiously. The Captain was left in bewilderment, probably not expecting such a reaction
Was he dead? Maybe. Tony remembered what happened in flashes. He recalled putting on the gauntlet, pain, snapping his fingers, Thanos disappearing, and more pain. And really, despite the pain, he felt at peace knowing that his nightmare was finally over.
Christine smiled and nodded. She turned on her heel and walked back towards the direction she came from, leaving Pepper and Steve to their own devices. Pepper looked back at Steve and said, “So, Tony’s room is down that hall,” she pointed towards the left hallway. “Room 616, if you’d like to go see him. Happy and Morgan are in there right now.”
His hands still itch to touch him.
“Why didn’t you tell me about the nightmares?”
“Thank you! You, too,” he hangs up and turns back to Tony. “Y’know, I forgot about those conditions before she called.”
“Then, I’m sure. I want to adopt him.”
That… didn’t sit right with him. Objectively, he knows that it’s the best-case scenario for the dog to get adopted by a nice family that will love him and take care of him. And, Steve is very well aware that his life as an Avenger can get hectic, there really isn’t room for a pet in his life. He can’t quite reconcile that with the fact that deep down he thinks he wants to keep him.
for something that was out of his control. It was Tony’s decision to wield the gauntlet. He saw the opportunity and took it; not knowing his own outcomes. He wouldn’t want Peter to feel any ounce of responsibility for what happened.
Tony groans. “Yeah, that’s not going to be fun,” he grimaces. “Alright, well, can’t keep her waiting.”
“It’ll be fine. Steve,” Rhodey paused and let out a loud sigh. “I can’t sit here and watch my best friend just lay there and not be able to do anything about it. It kills me to see him like this. Even Pepper told me I should take a break. I honestly don’t want to leave him, but I keep thinking,
A sad whimper follows.
“You were,” Steve says grinning. He could tell that Tony’s about to get riled up.
Also, I sent this to my friend the other day and she was like, "why /didn't/ they have Strange portal him to a hospital anyway?" Like... he didn't /need/ to die for shock value.
“Really?”
He looks ahead, ice stretches out for miles, but in the middle of it all there’s a portal and a hoard of aliens are coming out of it.
“Don’t worry about that. Called one on my way here. Should be up at the tower soon, actually.”
Steve steals his expression and levels the crowd with a heavy stare.
Steve looked at Pepper to acknowledge her. There was an unreadable expression on her face. He could tell that she was examining him; but for what, he didn’t know.
“STEVE?! GODDAMNIT, ANSWER ME!” He hears Tony scream in desperation.
Steve is drowning.
In the next moment, Tony opened his eyes and was greeted with bright, fluorescent lighting. He blinked a couple of times for his vision to adjust to it. Then, he heard shuffling from the presence on his right, and suddenly, he saw a figure with blonde hair and azure eyes standing over him as the lights were starting to dim.
“Sure.” He finds himself saying before his brain catches up.
“-ptain Rogers.”
And he wanted to, clearly. He tried, but all he saw was a blob with strawberry blonde hair. Pepper, perhaps? His vision blacked out before completely focusing, though.
“You need to lay down, Cap. Your body is still recovering.”
The majority of the ride back to the tower was silent. Mostly because, within a few minutes, the dog curled up on Steve’s lap and fell asleep with his long, fluffy tail lying on Tony’s leg. There seemed to be a silent, mutual agreement that they should not wake the dog up. When they finally got to the tower Steve didn’t have the heart to move and disturb the dog, but he did while Tony shot him a sympathetic look.
It’s quiet on the common floor since no one was awake yet. He brews a pot of coffee as he makes himself a breakfast sandwich. As the coffee finishes brewing, Steve grabs a travel mug from one of the cupboards and prepares the coffee to his liking, leaving half of the pot full, and wraps his breakfast sandwich up to take with him. He grabs a few protein bars and stuffs them in his bag on his way out to the elevator.
So, I do have a plan for where I want to take this fic. I do see an ending and I think it’s safe to say that we’re finally at that point where I can get the plot moving.
Steve smiled. “It’s good to see you, too, Pepper,” he said as they embraced. “Any update on Tony?”
“Yes! I’m sure you’re relieved to hear the good news. I hope that nothing has changed with your decision to keep him?”
“I was
It takes Steve a little less than an hour to run the perimeter of Central Park four times.
If Steve hadn’t had the cowl on at that moment, Tony would have probably felt worse than he already did. The guy could hurt someone with that sad, puppy-dog eyed look - and Tony had seen it before; it just took practice not to fall for it in other circumstances.
“I’m fine,” he says. “What are you doing here?”
Tony motions for Dodger to join him on the bed as Steve walks around to the other side and lays down. His thoughts are going a hundred miles a minute and his stomach flutters because this is what he always wanted. But it’s not real.
Pepper grinned, “There was a coffee shop around the block, Steve.”
“Okay.” She gave her father a kiss on the cheek. “Let’s go, Uncle Happy!” she said as she made her way out of the room. Happy laughed, turned towards Tony and Pepper to give them a thumbs-up, and followed Morgan out of the room.
Steve was picking at his scrambled eggs when he decided to voice his thoughts on how bland this was for him - as an attempt for small talk - when he saw the grimace on Pepper’s face as she looked down at his breakfast and then her own.
Rhodey relayed information back to Steve and the rest of the group that cleanup for the destruction that Thanos left behind will start by the end of the week; Pepper told him during his latest visit to the hospital that Stark Industries will be partnering up with the government to oversee the job. What was left of the Avengers and the Guardians helped with what they could. King T’Challa even offered some of his resources to help. Steve was grateful for his assistance.
“Good Morning, Captain Rogers? It’s Dr. Panetta, the vet that looked over Dodger?”
“Really Cap, you wound me! Besides we’re talking about fixing your Dodger issue, not my admittedly unhealthy sleeping habits.”
That’s what Tony had said to him five years ago, with spite laced into his words; it was meant to hurt, and it did hurt. It
“He’s officially mine,” Steve finishes for her breathlessly.
That seems to have sobered Tony up and he grins at Steve.
“NO!” Steve shouts himself awake. There’s a sound of whimpering coming from his left and something wet nudging his cheek. He turns his head towards that direction and is met with Dodger’s face staring back at him.
Steve and Rhodey sprung to action. They both moved on either side of Tony and lifted him onto the stretcher. Doctor Strange and Dr. Palmer rolled the stretcher through the portal, with Pepper disassembling from her Rescue armor to follow. Steve stood with Rhodey and the rest of the Avengers as they watched the portal close behind them. He wanted to go with them, too, but the chaos that was left needed to be handled first. He just hoped that Tony would be okay.
“What?” Tony asks.
“I tried! He keeps climbing on top of me.”
“Nothing,” she confirms and scratches behind the dog’s floppy, brown ears. “Sorry, buddy. But, maybe it’s a good thing.”
Steve nods at the vet in confirmation and looks down at the dog to smile at him.
“Steve.”
Tony’s eyes narrow slightly, and before he knows it Tony is looming on top of him, legs on either side of his waist, hands pinning his shoulders to the bed. There’s a devilish smirk on his face.
Of course.
need you,” Tony says wetly.
And Steve wanted to hear that - the banter.
Sometimes he felt warm touches against his hand. Someone must have been holding it. A whisper of
“He was happy, y’know? Working with the team again,” she broke her gaze from him and looked at the window. “He didn’t explicitly say it on his nightly phone calls with me and Morgan, but I could tell. That’s not to say he wasn’t happy before, but I think that it was like something was missing for him.” She paused. “He threw himself into being a Dad to Morgan, and he’s been amazing at it.”
Steve and Pepper got up and moved to the side to make room for Dr. Palmer as she jogged up to reach them. She leaned over Tony to quickly assess his condition and said with urgency, “Okay, we need to get him on the stretcher. Now.”
He gives a curious glance at Dodger but doesn’t address his suspicions because one thing is your dog being attuned to your feelings, another thing is your dog literally playing matchmaker, which sounds insane.
“Uh...hey, Dodger. What’s going on, buddy?” Tony asks in confusion.
He might not realize it now, but having Tony around, even after all of the arguments, was what gave him hope.
“I went outside yesterday,” He shoots back, smirking triumphantly.
“Yeah, he would have, and I wouldn’t have regretted it.”
“That doesn’t…” Steve stops short. “Okay. Maybe that does count.”
In the meantime, Steve sketched while Tony worked, and Dodger could be found curled around his feet or having DUM-E and U chase him around—or run after him. The damn dog was probably playing the bots, too. Who knows? At first, Steve sketches Dodger. He had to, it being his first dog and all. However, at some point, sketches of Dodger turn into sketches of Dodger and Tony’s bots, and then into sketches of Dodger and Tony, until ultimately, Steve finds himself drawing just Tony.
It was over.
“Yeah. Later.” And with that, Steve hung up.
Please let me know in the comments what you would like to see and literally anything that you think will happen next.
“Yeah, documents were signed and all of that,” said Bucky as he reached them. “And if anything goes sideways in the near future, T’Challa said I could just go back to Wakanda if I really need to. So, we’ll see.” He smiled.
“Anyway, I should continue my rounds. I’ll be back to check on Mr. Stark in a few hours. It was good to see you again, Captain Rogers,” she said.
“Hey!”
“Okay, good. How’s Dodger doing?”
“Seriously?! You’re
Pepper sighed as she let go of Tony’s hand. A wave of emotion washed over her and tears welled up in her eyes. She was grateful. Honestly. He was alive and he brought everyone back - banished the nightmare that had been plaguing his mind for over ten years. If only he would wake up.
“I mean… look, he obviously doesn’t want to leave. And it’s a big bed. Um, it could be like a sleepover?” Tony says sheepishly.
“Wake up, Steve.”
“Alright, Clint. Come back before you need to bleach your eyes.”
“Are you threatening me, Captain?” He raises his voice so everyone could hear. “The honorable Captain America is threatening me for doing my job to keep the park safe for guests. I’d expect this from Tony fucking Stark since he’s an arrogant prick, but you?” He scoffs. “You’re not so honorable, are you? I thought you were a hero for the common people.”
The eggs were soggy; the bacon, like cardboard; the toast, stale. However, Steve wasn’t expecting much.
Steve wakes up to his phone ringing shrilly in his ear.
“Right,” said Sam, “I’ve been meaning to ask, how have things been between the two of you?”
“Yeah, it’s looking like that on our end, too.”
Sighing deeply, Steve opens his eyes and sees Tony’s disheveled bedhead, his arm curled around the other man’s chest with a hand resting gently over his sternum. Steve smiles and tightens his hold around Tony’s waist.
“Dodger, then.”
Pepper Potts sat in the blanched hospital room, willing Tony Stark’s comatose body to open its eyes. She held his hand, hoping to feel a tightening of the slack grip, or a brush of a finger upon her own. The only proof that Tony Stark was still alive was the steady beeping of the heart monitor and the rise and fall of his chest.
“Cap?” Tony asks.
“Would you happen to know how he got here?” Steve asks as he stands up. “I woke up and he was gone.”
Twitter: @ircnshield *DONT HESITATE TO COME YELL AT ME TO WRITE. Or talk to me about stevetony... or deancas 👀? (Any DeanCas stans out there? Lol how about that last episode, 15.03? big OOF. I’m also thinking about writing a coda/fix it for that lol)
The man glowers.
Practically every night, Steve goes to sleep with Dodger curled up on his bed (apparently his dog bed is just to lounge on because he never sleeps in it at all, even when Steve tries fruitlessly for an hour) and wakes up to him missing.
Picking up the tennis ball, he turns his head in the direction of where Tony’s voice was coming from, only to find him on the floor while Dodger, followed by DUM-E, runs to greet him— or he just wants the ball in his hands.
“Yeah, so did I,” Tony laughs with a hint of relief. “But, hey! He’s yours now.”
Obi didn’t seem too eager to talk as they drove across the campus, students mingling all around and the trees surrounding the little park areas displaying their fall colors of red and gold. He was just staring on the road, only occasionally glancing down at his watch.
Steve huffed, and let his head fall down on the mattress, his eyes tightly shut. Only now Tony realized Steve’s other hand was buried deep into the bed sheets, his knuckles almost white.
After another moment of hesitation, Steve unhooked his towel and dropped it on the ground. His gaze lowered, the look on his face changing to one of pure need as his eyes drank in Tony’s nakedness.
When it came to the Avengers, Steve was the boss. It was just how things were between them, and one of the many reasons why their relationship was as stable as it was. And while they often argued about some random mission strategy, he wouldn’t go and simply disobey Steve’s orders if he didn’t absolutely have to.
At some point, he’d become this broken shell, and he hadn’t yet found a way to piece himself back together again.
“He just doesn’t want to let you down.”
“Not perfect,” Steve murmured, and smiled at him as drew him into a hug. “Just us.”
Shifting his hold on Tony so that he maintained as much contact as possible while freeing one hand. Steve then reached into one of the pouches on his utility belt and pulled out a small, flat device. He set it on the floor next to them and flicked it with his forefinger once. It switched on with a single chirp, and cast a light that might not have been too significant in full daylight, but was making it easier even for Steve to see.
That roused a startled laugh from Tony’s lips. “Forgive me,” he whispered. And Steve was dazed by the warm caress of his breath against his skin, by the slight trembling of his bottom lip so close to his own.
“Need to hurry,” Steve reminded him, voice laced with regret.
“I think Fury will want to tell you himself,” Coulson told him. “You’ll meet him at the Helicarrier. I’ll bring you.”
He would repeat it as many times as Tony'd ask. He'd do anything he could to make Tony understand how serious he was.
about him that he doesn’t want to be known. And he has been a… considerable annoyance while I was working on the repulsor engines. Kept me busy so I wouldn’t look too much left or right. Makes sense now, of course.”
anything,” Tony intoned, and despite everything that had happened in the last twelve hours, Steve realized how much he’d missed hearing Tony’s real voice on missions instead of Extremis’. He’d gotten used to it, had learned to appreciate the slight variations that robotic voice made whenever Tony was amused or annoyed or angry, but this… this was infinitely better.
Tony watched as Steve and Obi shook hands, both with pleasant smiles on their faces that didn’t actually seem all that
Letting himself sink down on the bed, Steve put his face into both of his hands. Apparently, SHIELD had found the Tesseract when they’d extracted him from the ice, and Steve felt a boiling frustration in his insides that no one, not even Natasha, had deemed it necessary to tell him. Only now, now that a
What Tony
a memory?” Steve asked, shaking his head.
Tony nodded slowly.
… the mission.”
“Anytime,” Bruce replied, then the workshop doors closed behind him.
Oh God, he wouldn’t be letting Tony wait until he turned eighteen, would he? The thought alone was all kinds of horrific, and Tony would surely die of blue balls if Steve decided to keep him at arm’s length for so long… Okay,
"Didn’t know you’re such a quitter…" Steve said against his neck teasingly before pulling back to look at him.
“I just wanted to see how things were going,” Peter replied. “I’m sorry I haven’t been in touch since...” He leaned in, actually checking the empty rooftop for any unwanted witnesses. “
“Ew,” Clint said and got a clap on the head by both Natasha and Wanda.
Steve smiled. “Right.”
Well, true enough, the house evidently enjoyed more tourism than any of the places they had seen so far—the grounds were filled with people, the parking areas nearly completely occupied.
It was over.
“I’m…” He paused, and shook his head, a small self-deprecating smile now gracing his lips. “What I am is terribly bad at this,” he said on a low breath. He looked up at Tony then, staring straight at him.
“I am,” Bruce stated, “because I trust you. Completely.”
Now, as the first guests arrived, Steve was a nervous wreck. Rhodey had given him a crash course in the most popular dances, and Steve picked them up fairly quick. But there was so much to remember, and he was afraid that he would forget which was which and end up embarrassing himself.
* * *
“I shouldn’t have taken it out on him. My mom… and dad… it wasn’t his fault.”
But Tony was still somewhere else. It was almost palpable how much he was
He bit his lower lip. One of his hands settled on Steve’s shoulder, his thumb brushing along Steve’s neckline.
to find him. Year after year after year. And your hopes would’ve been destroyed over and over again. You would’ve never become the man you are today, never become an Avenger, and you never would’ve met Tony.”
Steve snorted when he saw what annoyed Tony so much. The robot had somehow managed to get completely tangled within a few cables. Its claw hung low in the air, almost as if it were ashamed.
Tony’s brain shorted right out. Then he was floating in space, looking down at a crumpled form lying at the floor of the library. His form. His
knowing that he was the reason for it.
It had been a long day. Completely surreal, too. He kept expecting to blink and find himself back in his and Tony’s penthouse, but the harsh reality remained—the world wasn’t going to change. He’d only been back on solid ground for four hours, and it already seemed years had passed since he’d held Tony in his arms that morning. He hadn’t even had a chance to take him aside or ask how he felt—ask any of the burning questions regarding SHIELD that had been lodged in his throat for weeks now.
—Obi would realize that there was more to SI than weapons, after all.
Flexing his right arm, Steve raised his hand and put all of his strength into a swing with the shield. It banged loudly against the door, but the glass material didn’t splinter in the slightest.
“I tried. But it’s not about me. It always comes down to you and the Captain. And both of you never trust me enough to truly change your ways.”
“You… you’re
He startled, looking into Pepper’s worried eyes.
“Sex,” Steve pointed out, then chuckled at Tony’s incredulous look. “
Steve laughed and handed her staple of platters. “Take that to the table, please. I think we need two more chairs if Maria and Phil are joining us.”
Rhodey’s expression remained unimpressed, and Tony felt his resolve dropping in the face of reality. “Oh fuck it,
Tony glanced at Steve, who was pouring water for him on the other side of the room. It was going to be unnerving trying to pretend nothing had happened. To pretend he didn’t know that Steve was protecting his parent’s murderer from him, right now, right in this second. That was going to be tough. Should he hide it? He didn’t know.
had dumped on him. God, he really hated dark, confined spaces. And he hated being slimy, and sweaty, and all-over gross.
he wasn’t like Indries—not as regal, not as elegant.
“I would never let you use the Time Stone if I had another choice,” Strange said, his voice suddenly very gentle. “There is usually no way to make use of it without an advanced knowledge of Mystic Arts. There are dangerous channels…”
“I guess I was,” Tony mused quietly, then grimaced. “So it worked? He’s gone?”
“Would you like a glass of wine?”
“I thought you wanted to let me down easy?” Tony asked, his eyes wide and imploring. Every fiber in him needed Steve to tell him that
“Mutual.” Tony hesitated, clearly wanting to ask the obvious and clearly uncertain as to whether he should.
Tony leveled a glare at him. “And I think you know shit about anything.”
“It is,” Tony said, sighing. “So you didn’t want to be impolite and decided to go to the one place that would one hundred percent, no doubt whatsoever, get you into prison if anyone saw you?”
When the red body broke free of the cradle, hovering in midair and staring into space, they all set into battle stance. This was a point to make or break, Steve knew, and his heart all but stopped when the figure rushed at Thor, pummeling him to the ground before he flew over to the window front.
Natasha heaved a small sigh and leaned back against the wall, glancing up at him. “I know,” she said, and after a moment, “I’m sorry.”
How foolish he had been. How utterly naïve he’d been to think that this unspoken thing between the two of them could ever work. Had he really thought that Steve could ever love him? That he could love the
What was more concerning was the way Wanda and Pietro seemed to completely ignore their surroundings. Admittedly, they were really trying to combine their powers with those of the others—Wanda by lifting everyone up in the air, and Pietro by moving each and every thing around—, but they still, even after months of training, didn’t keep track of their surroundings, and they didn’t bother to take the other’s timing into consideration.
He let the moment pass, but no longer than that, just in case Tony was going to whine about it. "If you must use a nickname for me…" He paused, wondering if this would be a good idea. Only Bucky and the rest of the guys from their company used to call him this, but… It would beat having Tony call him shnookums any day. "You might as well go with ‘Cap’."
It was another three days later when a loud crack echoed across the clearing.
Bucky licked his lips and digested the notion. “Fuck, really. That was stupid.”
“My Tony didn’t.” Not
“You want to?” Steve echoed and Tony tried hard to ignore how those words affected him. Steve sounded almost…
“Thank you,” he said. “It’s so crazy that you watched him grow up. I forget that, sometimes.”
Tony’s jaw tightened but he didn’t answer. They sat in silence, until Steve couldn’t take it anymore. “Your turn now. And no cop-out.”
Tony moved, activating the suit and stepping into it. He pulled Steve against him, making sure he was covered by the shield’s width. “Great date,” he said before the noise became too loud. His faceplate was still up and he cast Steve a likely embarrassingly lovestruck smile, winding Iron Man’s fingers around Steve’s.
"That's a pretty generous bargain," Steve cautioned, though his tone was fond. He let his hand finally take a good grip around Tony's hand, fingers brushing over his heated skin through fabric. "I'll take it."
“It’s not a mask!” Tony threw back at him. “It’s what I am. A monster.”
“It was,” he answered after a beat, a low sigh leaving his lips. “Once.”
J.A.R.V.I.S. (chat_server:46954) connected
If Steve needed to have a few hours of quiet, going someplace where he wasn’t confronted with the craziness of their superhero life, he had every right to do so. That this ‘place’ just happened to be the bar he’d used to go to pick up a one night stand, well, that was just a coincidence, wasn’t it?
Tony had wanted to say something before he woke up, Steve was certain of it. He’d licked his lips with that tongue of his and opened his mouth to speak…
Immersed in his thoughts once more, Tony had almost forgotten about Bruce’s presence, until he placed a warm hand on his knee and jarred him back to the present. “Did Steve talk to you?” he asked.
“I know you don’t want to be here, but I need to see to that, so… let’s just get this over with quick, okay?” Tony offered.
“Once the carriers reach 3000 feet, they’ll triangulate with Insight satellites, becoming fully weaponized,” Bruce explained. “Then it’s a just a matter of seconds before they launch Project Insight.”
“Back then, in the Red Room, when I was—” She hesitated. “It was just how things were. James wasn’t particularly cruel; he was even… kinder than others, in some ways. He didn’t take pleasure in tormenting us; it was just something he’d been made to believe would make us stronger. Would make us survive.” A sour smile crossed her lips. “Later, of course, he didn’t remember anymore that he’d had part in my training. For all intents and purposes, I was a stranger to him.”
Tony nodded, his brown eyes a bit glassy. “You’re very welcome.”
“He’s one of those special kids who’s actually special and not just so because their parents like to brag.”
And with that, Tony moved to the door and stepped outside.
He reached for Steve and smiled when he entwined their hands.
That he got backed up by the UN didn’t exactly help.
“On your mark?” Bruce asked, now looking at Tony.
Now, Steve’s experience in the sex department was not exactly leaping off the charts, but he figured he must be doing all right, if Tony’s reaction was any indication.
“’m sorry,” he murmured.
Shifting his weight a little to get an idea of his general condition, Steve didn’t feel any ill effects from the pollen. Absolutely none. He frowned, thinking that it was a bit strange. At the very least he should have some minor irritation in his airways, shouldn’t he?
Steve glared at him. The trembles wracking his form were becoming more pronounced. As though he could not contain himself. “Don’t make this a joke. After everything that happened last year, everything we went through, I should’ve known better. I shouldn’t have taken such high risks, I…” His head bowed reverently. “If you’re mad at me, that’s all right. I deserve that, I…” He trailed off, and it was such a strange expression etched on Steve’s face. Despite the two-something-years they were together now, Tony didn’t think he had ever seen Steve thoroughly unhinged to the point where he didn’t know what to say. He had often come unglued, but never to the point of losing his ability to voice what he was thinking.
Steve’s head whipped up. His gaze instantly focused on him and he looked relieved in a way Tony didn’t know what to make of. And—Tony might be hallucinating—his expression sort of… lit up when he saw him.
Bruce hummed, and when Tony looked up, he seemed to be slightly amused.
“No! That’s all you get.”
“That’s great, Stevie,” Bucky said simply, but he was not quite meeting Steve’s eyes anymore.
“Oh thanks for letting me sleep on
Tony’s eyes drifted shut and shot open when he whispered Steve’s name. It was breathtaking—the clarity behind those brown eyes that had been empty just a second ago, the knowledge and the wonder that was marred only with comprehension. Tony shifted, his hand constricted around Steve’s until he realized that he was likely gripping a little too hard. “Fury was right,” he said without prompting, as if they’d been in the middle of a conversation. “About the ship. Somebody’s trying to hide something and seeing how well it’s protected, it sure must be ugly. The drive is protected by some sort of AI. It keeps rewriting itself to counter my commands. I haven’t… I don’t think I’ve ever seen something like this before from, well, anyone who’s not me.”
Tony snorted, grinning. “You know, this might be the first thing we can agree on.”
Because despite the still very prominent panic in the back of his mind, he
In a whirl of movement, Tony moved off him. He fetched something from the nightstand, then sat back down on Steve’s middle.
The change in Tony was immediate, and apparent. His pupils dilated, and the hot hardness that pressed against Steve's thigh left no doubt as to what was going through Tony’s mind. It would've been amusing, if Steve hadn't felt himself responding.
And, more importantly, what he might have done afterwards.
“Yeah, and you sure look excited about that.”
“That was a no-brainer.”
, Tony hadn’t even heard him approach. Maybe he was a little tipsy, after all. “You can’t keep telling me that nothing’s wrong, that you just had the hots for art guy and now are over it, and expect me to believe it.”
"Did you see?" he asked, a little too shaken to ask more clearly. When he reached for Tony, he clasped his hands in his. "Do you understand why we have to get that antidote now?"
no way. Now there’s just the wreckage we all left behind.”
“Had my own share of nightmares,” he added, leaning up to kiss Steve’s neck. “I’m not gonna break.”
“But he’s your friend,” Barnes pointed out. “If nothing else, he’s your friend.”
“I know.”
Steve popped the bones in his back with a groan and decided that a shower had to come first, before he went to check on Ian. Walking into the bathroom, Steve automatically picked up a few wet towels from the bath fun yesterday and wrinkled his nose. It was definitely time to switch them out.
“I’ll grab a few z’s soon,” he said, figuring a ‘No’ would only have Steve furrow his eyebrows in disapproval. He took a long gulp from the beer, closing his eyes for a moment because it was cool and one of the nicer sorts they had in stock upstairs, then pointed the bottle towards the new suit. “The bulb’s layers gave me an idea for a problem I had with the new suit casing, and things kinda went out of hand from there. I tend to zone out sometimes, just means I have to sleep a bit longer later, it’s no big.”
Steve was starting to have. But when all was said and done, Steve was worried, and decided to check up on him. So when he couldn't stand the nagging voice in the back of his head any longer, he already found himself walking towards the Science Faculty.
Vision hummed. “He never told you that he found out about Steve’s undercover mission back then, did he? About half a year before you found out yourself.”
(P.S.: I was told to say that the chapter title doesn't have anything to do with "Something about us" by Daft Punk and Interstella 5555, I don't know the movie, but there. I said it ;-) It's just a title.)
“Sure,” Tony said, wanting to return the smile, but Steve was already trying not to look at him again and instead stared off into the distance.
Steve gave him an imploring look. “He’s probably hungry,” he said, and there was a hint of panic creeping into his voice. “Or we have to change his diapers. I… God, I think I forgot how both of those things work.”
“Reasonable,” Tony said.
He supposed it was the same in most cities right now—buildings collapsed, ships wrecked along the shore, cars and even a few planes crashed, but that wasn’t what got to him. Even after the Chitauri invasion… it hadn’t been like this. Because… ruins could be rebuilt, buildings could be upgraded, streets and bridges—all if it could be made anew.
. “Yes,” Steve said, and on a second thought, he added, “I wanna touch you.” He didn’t know where this sudden boldness was coming from, but it was rushing through his veins like molten lava. It was just Tony with him—he didn’t need to hide from him. “All of you. All the time. I… I wanna know how you feel around me, and everything you said that first night… I wanna… I wanna do everything with you.”
"Nothing fancy, don't get your expectations too high," Steve said, still smiling fondly at him. "I was thinking we could go back to bed, finish what we started…" He paused, casting Tony a suggestive look. "And after that, maybe catch a movie in the media room, or we can go for a little walk on the premise." He considered for a moment, then nodded his head. "We usually train twice a day, but I'm sure the team won't mind having the morning off, and Natasha can take over later."
Steve hummed low and content, turning his head into the pillow and shifting his hold on Tony a little, his hand sliding ever so slowly along his arm. Tony had been wonderful to him. There was no other way to frame what had transpired last night. It felt almost surreal, but Steve knew he'd heard Tony right before falling asleep, saying that he
to be with me.”
TS 10:19 A.M.>Ready and willing, Caparoo. Maybe we won’t jinx it if we don’t plan ahead too much. Meet me at the tower at 8 and we see where things go?
“Trust me, I’m working on it,” Steve said quietly.
At least you had to give the folks kudos for creativity.
Steve ticked each objective off on his fingers as he went. “The way to the bridge is unguarded, but to be absolutely sure I’ll approach from the south side, where there aren’t any outfacing lights. I’ll scale to the third floor from the east wing to avoid the agents’ dormitories. To get inside, you’ll open the lock. The area itself shouldn’t have any security alarms… but I guess I’ll find out about that.”
Even after a year of being with Tasha, and it still felt surreal to him. Like a dream. One of those desperate fantasies of domesticity he used to conjure up when he and Steve were teenagers. Having a girl to call his own, someone to come home to after a good day’s work.
The band started playing the song they’d danced to at their wedding reception—
It didn’t take Steve longer than five seconds before he’d let go of Tony fully and retreated to his side of the bed. Last night had felt… right. It terrified him, in some ways. Those last years, he’d spent so much time building an impenetrable wall around his heart. Ever since his parents had died, he’d figured it would be better not to get too close and personal, and it had never felt right when he was sharing himself with someone.
Then again, this
“What are you
—almost felt like a sacrament.
“Oh, Detective. Don’t challenge me,” Tony warned, hands balled into fists after he’d put the bottle of scotch back on the bar counter. “Trust me, you’d be losing.”
again.”
“Grab my phone?” Tony asked. “There’s music we can synch. It should be in my jacket.”
On the next beat, the man jumped through the living room window and Steve’s shield crashed against a clawed hand. The man lunged and collided with him, and the force sent Steve flying back into a large bookshelf. He crashed through the glass front and landed rather painfully atop what looked like a bunch of dusty Golf Championship trophies. The cat man pressed down on him more, his claws already digging into Steve’s chest. Steve managed to kick him in the chest to stun him, grabbed one of the trophies, and rammed it onto his head.
It seemed as if time stilled between them for a moment. And Steve saw that compromise right before his eyes, saw something that both gave people a sense of security and still let the team do their job when the world needed them. It wouldn’t be easy, but maybe it wasn’t impossible.
Turning around to see who it was, Tony felt his body freeze. It was a bit like an out-of-body experience. All of the others seemed to look up from their seats in exactly the same moment, as if sensing that something wasn’t quite right about the new incomer. For Tony, it took only about two seconds of looking at the battered Iron Legion suit to know that something was horribly…
* * *
The smile he cast Steve was downright sinful, and Steve watched, completely transfixed, as Tony reached behind himself.
Tony's hand was warm, and the touch was like a shock to Steve's system. It had never felt this way when Tony touched him in the past, but now… He glanced over at the guy, who was still smiling at him with a kind of understanding on his face that Steve hadn't expected from him.
Steve tightened his hold on Tony's hand. He then turned his head a little so he could peck his cheek. "He really was, we all knew that," he said, letting his fingers run soothingly along Tony's forearm.
“Just jump in,” Steve answered. “It’ll get better.”
“Dammit,” he heard Steve breathe and Tony shut his eyes, so he didn’t have to see his pained features. Ultron was inside him now, all of him, everywhere. He had him under control. Had Tony’s will trapped beneath something too weighty for even his strength to move.
“We had a couple of drinks if I remember correctly,” Tony added after a moment, his voice casual even as he fought off Ultron’s attacks in the tanker’s upper level. He paused for a moment, then cleared his throat. “I think that's actually how I got my Bahamas island. He lost it to me during a poker game.”
Steve eased his way back through the corridor and into the bedroom. He walked into their dressing room and pulled a new pair of jeans out of a drawer. As soon as he reached down, though, there was a hard object pressed to his lower back. “You should be more careful,” Bucky murmured. “You never know what kind of villain’s got a knife at your back.”
At last, though the chaotic world swirled around them, they were alone. He was alone with Steve—no, not his Steve, but Captain America. And yet, he needed to know if
Steve was about to open his mouth at that, planning to tell them exactly what he thought of that nickname. But before he could fully decide what to say without breaking the light mood, there was a low ping from the elevator.
“Uh… one.”
For the last hours, Indries had always been there with them, inside this room, almost coming back to life every time her name had crossed Tony’s lips. But here—now—he could lose himself in the fantasy that he was the only one on Tony’s mind. The only one who mattered.
“And when did the person live?” she asked him when they walked back to the living quarters. “You said they were from a different timeline?”
How will this 3 weeks separation affect our heroes' sex life??
“That goes both ways.”
“Had a feeling you would,” Bucky said quietly next to him.
“So I was ogling?”
“Tony!”
“That,” Steve told him urgently, “is exactly my point.”
Tony leaned up and gently brushed his lips across Steve’s. “I love you.”
“Wonder they’re still alive,” he heard Clint murmur somewhere in the back of the room. It clearly hadn’t been meant for everyone’s ears, but Steve had heard him loud and clear. He fought off the need to defend themselves—to tell everyone that they hadn’t in fact fought at all. Not…
And yet, hearing everyone relay their memories of that night… it was as if it truly came alive. A tightening manifested itself in Steve’s chest, his mind replaying a scene he’d tried so hard not to think about. He saw himself standing in the boathouse. Tony was with him, but his empty eyes were pointed downwards, a woman’s body lying at his feet, blood pooling around her head.
Of course they would, Steve thought. His future self had worked with a functioning team for years. He
aiming at Bucky, but his whole body was shaking. Steve slowed down. If Tony truly wanted to take that shot, he would’ve done so by now.
Which was, of course, exactly where he was now.
There was a heavy pause. Then, Tony said, “I know. I’m not stupid.”
Afterwards, they’d walked around a few blocks, making a small detour into Central Park where they got a cone of ice cream each, before eventually heading back to the car.
True to his words, FRIDAY didn’t respond to any query. He did have access to all of the latest data, though, including the team’s communication protocol. FRIDAY had auto-sent a danger warning to all of the others as soon as the building had collapsed.
Ian’s way to this world might be something people wouldn’t understand—not yet, at least—and Steve was aware of that. But that always happened with things that were foreign. It had taken him a few weeks to get used to the idea, too. Weeks of tiptoeing around the Cradle, staring down at it, trying to somehow imagine that a human being would be born in there in nine months.
. The best human being Tony had ever met.
Steve looked down at his hands and nodded. Then he stood up, putting the griddle off the fire. “Think this is ready to eat.”
“Listen, I appreciate that you worry, but really—and to both reiterate
“There were times we fought much longer than this,” Steve reminded him.
He watched the bullet hit both the man’s and the woman's heart, and the car’s tires screeched as it hit the wall of the tunnel head-on. The neck of the man was twisted, and his name had once been important. It had been important for some reason. And now he’d put him there. Now he’d killed him.
“Three days.”
after we get proper breakfast…"
“I’ve… always admired him,” he admitted, then breathed a soundless laugh. “The scariest thing about this is… after the initial shock, it’s… I can see myself falling for him so easily.”
“Re-route everything. We’ve got one shot at this.” Tony glanced around, then added Rhodey to the Avengers’ comm-line. “Hey buddy, can you help Vision with taking out the last stray bots? We can’t let them get away, not even one.”
He realized that Steve was holding a glass of water out to him.
The room was silent, and Tony sat hunched over one of the working tables, staring at the schematics in front of him. It was unexpectedly easy to focus on this. After spending weeks upon weeks on DUM-E, trying to solve thousands of glitches, letting himself get lost in a completely new project was… liberating.
Tony licked his lips. “I’m so sorry. I thought you hated me… and… well, jerking off to your photo probably wasn’t my smoothest move, and…” He trailed off and his cheeks heated in a flash of heated remembrance.
“No argument on that.”
Soon after, Tony and Cooper were found sitting in front of the fireplace, super glue and a few more tools Steve doubted were safe for children placed on the floor next to them. Ever so often, Steve looked over and felt a deep yearning coil around his heart. Tony looked so
Some part of Tony had hoped that now that they were here Steve would finally realize how stupid this plan of his was, but his placatory smile was still firmly in place.
It had been a while since Steve last visited Bruce’s lab. As the door opened to reveal an unfamiliar face, he had to wonder how long exactly. He stood back, taking in the words before snorting out a short laughter. Whoever this kid was, he was probably new on the block, although Steve wasn't quite sure what he was doing here.
Tony just managed to zip himself up before he opened the door to the next room. The room that was both kitchen and living room… and also occupied by two people with fewer clothing than even he and Steve had woken up with.
Steve stared down at his phone when it suddenly vibrated in his pocket. There were five messages. Two from Tony. Two from Natasha. One from Sharon.
He couldn’t say more, because Steve was already ramming his shield against Thanos’ chest. The battle that followed was hard but short-lived, because while actually beating Thanos proved to be very good for the soul, it was ultimately Stephen Strange who put the warlord in some kind of stasis. His pupils were still flickering, angry shallow breaths leaving his large nose and mouth, but otherwise, he wasn’t moving any longer.
It was
“Yes. Soon as I activated the code, you went offline, and Ultron never resurfaced. I’m… so sorry it had to come to this.”
Tony smiled and moved just enough to nuzzle Steve’s cheek delicately. “That was a no-brainer. You’re the nicest guy on earth. I knew you wouldn’t be like Ty.”
He slammed the phone back down on the table and drummed his fingers on the surface in frustration. Opening one of the desk’s drawers, he threw it in, and stood up.
“That looks painful,” he observed, grinning as Steve all but shuddered when Tony’s thumb rubbed his cock’s sensitive head. He wrapped his hand around him fully, while stepping closer. He met Steve’s eyes heatedly, holding his gaze as he leaned up to kiss him almost chastely. “Want you to fuck me, Cap. Just like that. And I want you to make me feel it. Think you can do that?”
Steve flushed deeply at that, and the sight made Tony’s heart sing. There was always something new he discovered about Steve, and it was all kinds of wonderful.
It was a
Rumlow nodded and turned around to the other men. “STRIKE, you heard the Captain. Gear up! Secure channel seven.”
huh? Steve figured it made sense they would call it that. Natasha’s and Clint's visions had been that, right? "There was no reason to be worried. I just… It was a bit of a shock," he said on a slightly embarrassed huff of a chuckle. "Did you reach any conclusions from their reports?"
“I really mean it, Tony. I made my decision, I want this.”
“After Pepper,” Tony continued, a pinch between his brows, “and then again after the mess that was Sokovia and the Accords and
Bruce’s gaze narrowed as he considered Natasha. “Tasha,” he said gently. “There isn't exactly a long list of options. We need a distraction, and I can be very distractive. I can take care of myself. I’ve been doing it for a long time.” He pointed a finger to Tony. “And you ought to know me well enough by now to guess that whatever you say is not going to work. I’m not worried. You’ll get me out after. You’re Tony Stark.”
“Hush,” Natasha reprimanded and pressed a soft kiss on Steve’s left cheek. Only then Steve realized how much his voice was shaking. “He’s fine. You’re fine. You’ll tell him, and then you’ll have a cute little baby and be all insufferably in love with it. It’s gonna be annoying as hell but we’ll leave you be because we love you.”
Steve straightened. “That’s it?”
Tony looked over his shoulder at the two men trailing after him, and offered a dry snort. “Yeah, Steve, why didn’t you tell him?”
Steve was actually here, walking right up to him, and now he was making a scene. A full-out scene, with crossed arms, furrowed brows and heavy breaths. He wasn’t quite yelling, but the sharpness in his tone was painfully obvious. As was his dark expression as he regarded both the girl and Tony.
“You left a hell of a legacy, Peggy,” Steve murmured to the hovering spirit that he could almost feel in the air. “I hope you realize that.” He traced the smooth rounded edge of the stone with one finger. Such a small thing to mark someone so important. “And I hope, wherever you are, you’ll keep an eye on us. I have a feeling we need it.”
A small smile crossed Tony’s face as he saw Steve, and how he was looking into the sky. It was completely dark around, the stars were perfectly visible.
Tony snorted and rolled his eyes. “Of course that’s what you'd take from that. I’m basically declaring my feelings for you and
“You’re banging Stark?”
was that?” Steve demanded and Tony watched as all of the others filed into the workshop. Natasha wordlessly handed Steve a first aid kit, while Barnes leaned against the wall of the far side of the room, looking at Tony with a dark expression that probably meant Tony shouldn’t be alone with him for a whole long while. When Bruce entered the room, he only glanced at him for a moment, understanding and guilt plainly visible on his face. Rhodey and Maria followed right after them, standing in the background, in stark contrast to Thor, who all but stormed into the room, and—taking one look at the empty slot where the scepter had been—slammed both hands down so hard the surface cracked. “Dammit!”
—one of the science guys.
Tony grimaced. He’d
“Impressive,” Tony said.
rumbled in the back of Tony’s throat. His teeth latched onto one of Steve’s still-clothed nipples—his fingers skating over the buckle of his belt. “Don’t you want me? I’m the kind of guy everyone can fuck whenever they want. Don’t you want that? I can be so easy for you…”
Steve rolled his eyes and leaned against the RV, watching him. For a few minutes, it really looked like it might work, but Tony had a hard time assembling the poles on his own, and eventually, the whole frame fell back down to the ground.
“Well,” Rhodey said after half a minute, looking around before his eyes settled on Tony once more. He dragged the towel down from his shoulders and shrugged. “I’ve had my suspicions, I guess.”
Shaking his head, Steve reached up to grasp the wrist of the hand over his heart, keeping it firmly in place.
“I stopped reading when he compared losing you to losing Peggy, always missing his chance.”
The emotional turmoil of Barnes’ recovery would have been enough, but couple that with nearly sixteen hours in a plane, a four hour meeting, then adding in the fact that he hadn’t slept for give or take fifty-five hours, Tony counted himself lucky he was still standing at all.
Steve followed his line of sight, and ever-so-subtly drew his hand back. “No, it’s not,” he said.
“He doesn’t,” Rhodey explained on a grin. “He usually asks Pepper to do that for him—or Obi.”
Steve frowned some more. “‘And’? Why would you—I’ve fought Doom before! I’ve retrieved the machine before. Why would you possibly want me to stay behind?”
A real smile took hold of Steve’s face, and he felt something warm settle deep inside him. They were going to start a family together. He was going to be a father.
Steve took a deep breath, clearly weighing very carefully what he could say and what he couldn’t. “I think it’s safe to say that we get along really well these days.”
—was sewed to his body. The flesh around the metal was bruised, but the scars were clearly old, like they’d been there for long time, and that couldn’t possibly be right, could it?
The air smelled of thick smog, a motorcycle honked, yelling at them to get out of the way. The sidewalks were just as bad if not worse than the streets. People pushed and shoved as they hurried to their set out destination. There was so much movement that even a fight between two super-humans didn’t rouse the people to clear the area and look for safer grounds.
“Oh, c-come on,” Tony huffed. “You never liked it there.”
“You don’t leave me a choice, do you?” Bruce shot back, grinning now as he brushed past Tony to take hold of the microscope again. He looked, for all the world, like an excited little child. It was pretty awesome. “Now, get back to work.”
Tony’s jaw clenched. Was he that obvious? He
He heard them sigh.
“Yeah, I also ordered some dog supplies. The essentials, at least. I think… anyway, we should probably go over the stuff I ordered to see if we have ever—”
Steve nodded in thanks and shut the door. He started the car, pulled out of the driveway, and drove straight on towards the highway that would take him to the city. He was nervous and didn’t exactly know why, but he had a two-hour drive ahead of him to mull over that. Some part of himself still feels as if he shouldn’t get to see Tony, but it’s also what he should do because he wants to. That urge to make sure that Tony will be alright is stronger than the guilt that had never really left him which continued to grow as the years had gone by. Regardless, Steve will always think that Tony deserved better than the hand the world dealt him, and he deserved more than whatever illusion of friendship he was willing to give him.
There’s no one coming to save him.
He rushes into the pond with little regard for his clothes that are getting soaked. The water comes up to his waist as he waddles through it. He makes calming noises and murmurs reassuring words to the thrashing animal as he positions his arms under it to scoop it out of the water. The medium-sized dog, soaking wet with a matted mix of honey brown and white fur, makes a move to nearly climb over Steve but finds purchase within his arms. It’s trembling, but Steve runs a calming hand over its fur as he softly says, “It’s okay, buddy. I gotcha. It’s okay.”
He heard footsteps, then Tony came up next to him. There was a small smile playing on his lips. “You wouldn’t have. He was offline back in your time.”
It was infinitely comforting that his team was still mostly the same. They bickered, they joked, they argued. But no one was really all that surprised out about his time travel. All of them just mundanely settled down and tried to find a way to get their own Steve back.
Steve remained in stunned delirium as Tony’s tongue pushed into his mouth, but then he was all but ravaging him. The pent up tension, the longing, the worry, the sadness—so much sadness. Everything poured into one single kiss. They tasted each other. Needing far more than could be given, needing everything and nothing at all.
“Oh come on, Tony. From what I’ve heard, this is one of the better haunted joints on the east coast,” Carol said, and leaned over Tony’s seat to press a kiss against his temple. “It’ll be fun.”
(See the end of the chapter for
She’d told him that several times by now and it never got old. He felt warmth spread through him.
party starts, right? The private one?”
. “Fuck, I never should have brought you here,” he said softly, a long, resigned sigh rolling off his shoulders. He brushed a kiss across his brow. “God, I wish I’d never come back.”
“Stay with me,” he whispered, foolishly, he knew. It wasn’t fair to ask this of her. It wasn’t her fault.
“Patience, Casanova,” Steve said, patting his cheek. “I promise you can eat all the chocolate you want… from wherever you want.”
"It's not my flat in D.C., and it's nothing like that crazy headquarters you've got going for us in New York, but it's alright." He might've let some accent slip, and it might've been intentional, but he couldn't help himself, really, when he saw a glint of understanding light Tony's face.
He chuckled, shifting slightly. “Yeah. Believe me, I didn’t want to leave that room ever again.”
was the heir. And it might take a while, but he had Bruce, and a few other MIT alumnis that might be interested in working for the company.
What a terrifying thought.
Everyone set into motion, and Tony rushed through an inner debate with himself before he said, “Rumlow’s got a bomb, guys. Strapped around his torso. Beware of that.”
With that, Steve turned on the light next to their bed, and Tony looked up again to glare at Fury, when—
“Can’t go back to the tower,” Tony said, turning as he spoke. “I got a safehouse near DC. I’m not sure how good SHIELD’s information on my hideouts is, all things considered, we could regroup quickly and—”
Bucky just grunted, clearly not wanting to listen to Steve. He tried to lash out at him, but it was no use. Steve pulled at his arm—and dislocated his shoulder.
Tony shuffled a little closer, and one of Steve’s hands trailed up his inner thighs, brushing lightly against his cock. Tony’s low rumbles of pleasure went right through him and Steve could sense the shift of in the air.
[J.A.R.V.I.S.] [chat_server:46954]
“Excuse me?”
“Don’t be. I get it. You wanna protect them, keep them out of trouble. I understand that.”
you wouldn’t cheat on me, you’re
the younger one, so he might as well be a bit unreasonable. “Come on, at least let us sleep in the same bed, you’re killing me, you know that? I’m literally dying here.”
“I already know that,” Steve said. “I trust you… and I
When it was Steve’s turn, he glanced again at the gravestone, remembering his last sight of Peggy—calm and ready for what was to come after this life.
"My second question," he said then, pulling back so he could see Tony's face more clearly. "Do we have condoms and lube with us? I…" He smiled ruefully. "I wasn't expecting us to get here so soon."
Steve paced the length of the Quinjet restlessly. It seemed that if he didn’t stop moving even for a moment, then it would all have been a dream. A nightmare maybe. But a dream nonetheless.
“Thanks,” Tony shot back. “That’s very considerate of you.”
him. He’d just… waited for Steve to confirm it first. And he wanted to be mad at him for that, but the relief was rushing through him so potently, he couldn’t even be bothered. Tony remembered him. And he was here.
Looking to the chamber’s glass front, Tony spotted Steve kneeling on the floor, his head hanging down, his arms limp. Shit, he must’ve been pulled into another vision. There was guilt in the back of Tony’s mind, but it was pushed to the background by a fierce throbbing inside his head, and Tony could barely reach for the table in front of him, before the room around him vanished.
Ignoring Wanda and Pietro, Steve ran towards the next room. After heaving a loud and much-put-upon sigh, Tony followed him.
Sleeping in the same bed had been a
home,” Clint corrected. “It’s yours as well.”
Bucky’d always been one hell of a shooter.
And that was exactly the problem.
Steve nodded. He was definitely looking forward to that, too. His time at high school had been good, and their football team had meant the world to him. But now he could finally take the next step, and he almost couldn’t wait. “Yeah, I know what you mean. I… didn’t really have the time to do the things I wanted in high school. I’m glad I’m getting that chance now.”
“For seeing me,” he said instead.
Which meant it was a long way to the top floor.
“Yes, it’s his thing,” Natasha said shortly, catching her breath. Then, she grabbed Sam by the arm, pulling him around the car.
Tony’s mouth had fallen open, shallow breaths on his lips as Steve stroked him firmly.
— Vincent Van Gogh
The low music coming from Tony’s phone ended and changed over to a song Steve recognized. His eyes widened. “Did you pick that?”
“I can’t trust Fury,” Steve remarked. “Not like this.”
Phil cleared his throat from where he stood at the exit. “The plane’s ready,” he told them quietly. “We’re waiting outside... and we can’t stay long. I’m sorry.”
“And you never thought about trying to find them?”
Tony raised a brow. “No, just… teething. He can be a handful.”
Steve… Steve was kissing him.
He’d let the flames of Hell lick his insides if it meant he got more of this. More of Steve. More of that mouth whispering words against his own, of Steve’s tongue exploring his mouth, his hands mapping out Tony’s body in ways that no one had ever done before.
“Good?” Tony echoed.
So much was different now and Tony couldn’t focus on anything without taking a detour to the ever-present question: Could he actually keep them together? With every day that passed, the heavier his burden grew. He might be on safe grounds right now, but it could all still blow up right into his face. Wanda and Pietro were nowhere to be found, the news stations—while not verbally flaying them alive each day—weren’t exactly their biggest fans, and Tony knew that the day Steve would have to fight Rumlow in Lagos was drawing nearer.
Natasha grinned, and it was obvious that she knew something he didn’t.
Tony looked around wildly. He was about to ask what the hell was going on, then stopped when he got his answer in form of a familiar face.
In the background, the crowds broke out in frantic cheering as Steve made yet another touchdown. Next to him a couple of girls were offering to have Steve’s many beautiful babies.
"I don't know," said Steve, managing to find his voice at last. The headache he'd felt the first time returned full force, and he shut his eyes tightly.
Tony snorted, and the two of them stared each other down for long lost moments. There was something in Steve’s eyes, something that Tony had often dreaded to find there one day. Resignation. Steve looked at him as though he’d just accepted that this was the way things were with Tony, and while he understood it, he wasn’t sure if he could live with it forever.
Tony saw his eyes trail over the marks where Tony’s hands had already swiped off the dust and rubble days before. He probably knew that Tony had slept here before, but when his gaze turned back to him, there was no mockery, only sad understanding.
“We barely see each other twice a month. I figured we were going the same way so…” Steve shrugged, rubbing his forehead.
He reached out, hesitated, then put his hand back down on the bed. “Thanks. For taking care of me.”
Steve glanced down, and couldn’t even bring himself to be surprised.
All the mercs were wearing at least two guns, and while some looked like they could be trained in hand-to-hand combat, it was more than obvious that they’d be no challenge for him. Then again, they were mercenary soldiers. Mercenary soldiers rarely held any real danger for him.
“Look,” Tony prompted. “I’m sorry you have to see me like this. Aside from the freaky eyes, I got the headache of hell, but I can handle it.”
“I mean… I’m cool with it, obviously. But… God, Steve—Tony Stark? Really?”
If they wanted to stop this, Tony really needed to take Ultron out of the equation, and fast. Without him meddling any further, they might have a fighting chance.
you.”
“Stop.”
Rhodey’s eyes widened. “Carol?”
He’d never gotten his hands on a private picture of Tony as a baby. There were only the professional photo-shoots Maria and Howard had made him go through in the early years, and then, everything the paparazzi had caught him doing. Tony’s life wasn’t anything but well documented, but this… this was something rare, something special.
Tony rolled his eyes, and sighed. It was a useless debate; one he and Steve had entertained several times before. And Sam clearly was thinking very much alike his best friend. “Sorry to burst your bubble, but that’s just… oh, what’s the word… bullshit. You still don’t get what’s going on here.”
Tony’s grip on him tightened further. “I can’t believe you’re still here.”
“And yours?” Tony asked, curious now. “Peggy?”
Steve stepped into the lab just in time to see everything flying off the table and a mechanical arm trying to fistbump Tony's shoulder. It would've been a hilarious sight if it hadn't been for the strange man that had just left and the utterly furious vibe that Tony emanated.
At this point, every cell in his body screamed with want, and on the next nudge, Tony's head fell back, meeting Steve's shoulder. He leaned sideways, brushing their cheeks against one another. "Don't tease me," he breathed, and—putting one hand on Steve's hips—he moved back a little, taking in the first inch. Each breath came in rapid pants now, each movement punctuated by a long moan.
“Oh. Yes, I’m sure that’ll clear everything up,” Rhodey retorted.
Tony took a deep breath, and buried his fingers in Steve’s shirt,
(Also thanks for your comments, you precious people, they keep me going right now...)
“It’ll be okay,” Tony ventured with a small snort, then leaned in to kiss Steve’s cheek once more. When he turned around he saw Bruce standing outside the room, raising a chart at him, face very serious.
"I guess I was doing the same thing to you. I wanted…" He paused, grasping for a proper way to express this. "I
much.
Tony’s mouth pressed into a thin line. He had a hand at his temple, rubbing circles into his skin to lessen the pain. “You realize that all you’re doing is putting a Band-Aid over the problem. Everyone has to face their demons at one point.”
Steve’s mouth opened and then closed wordlessly as he tried to think of something to say. Was she talking about sex? “You were a different person then,” he settled on eventually, and those were cheap words, he was well aware. “And everybody makes mistakes.”
“Shouldn’t we get this out of the way first?” he asked eventually. Because, anything—screaming, crying—was better than Tony’s cold silence.
“Tony…” Steve called softly, stepping up behind him again.
“Oh my God,” Maria breathed, staring at Tony in utter disbelief. “Really?
“We can share the flight-time. You’re always jittery after battle.” Steve held out the pilot’s headset and waited. When Tony just kept staring at him, he let it drop to his side. “Or not.” He raised his eyebrows. “Do you have a problem with me flying?”
“Done and done, Sir,” FRIDAY replied dutifully from Tony’s phone speakers. “Miss Klein is waiting outside to bring the little master home. Should I tell her to wait?”
He was stalling, they both knew it. Facing Stark after everything… it wasn’t exactly on his list of things to look forward to.
Oh God, he
Tony looked up at him, frowned. “I
“Stop!”
“Yeah, not gonna happen,” Clint just said, holding his daughter with one hand while he pointed at Steve. “Say ‘Good night, Cap’.”
Find out soon!
“I’ll throw you out,” Rhodes warned. “Don’t think I won’t.”
Instead of giving an answer, Tony leaned up. In cases like these, there was usually no better answer than grasping a handful of hair and tugging someone down to his lips, swallowing him in an eager kiss. His tongue delved into Steve’s mouth, a whimper clawing at his throat at the sudden movement it caused.
An explosion from the engines shattered the window next to them, and a second later, they were both knocked to one side. Bucky staggered to his feet first, and threw out the arm holding the knife in an almost desperate movement that had lost all finesse.
if __name__ == '__JARVIS__':
She was flipping pancakes and stacking them on a plate. Her greeting to Tony was a small smile and he smiled back. “Pancakes,” Tony told Ian. “Just what every hungry scientist and his spawn require in the morning.”
“Oh, come on, Steve, I
Tony yelped when he noticed something hot burning right into his hand.
Stane might've said about him, but as soon as he turned his attack on Tony, there was really no way around it. He moved fast, and soon had two fist-fulls of Stane's collar in his hands, and he pulled him close, away from Tony. He maneuvered them around to keep Stane from gathering his wits until he had him pressed firmly against the workbench.
And the thing was: While Tony didn’t talk of Indries, his ‘friends’ spoke about her all the time. They told Steve about her ethereal beauty, her cleverness, her wit—about how Tony had always looked at her like he couldn’t believe his own luck.
Eventually, though, the day started to wear on him. Natasha showed him the gym, then the library. She said he’d eventually get his own telephone, and something she’d called a ‘tablet’, promising he could research everything he wanted to know about the new world. For now, they didn’t want to ‘put too much on his shoulders at once’.
Pepper. He had. And yet, lately he’d often thought that maybe, all these years, he’d just been biding his time with her, waiting for… for someone who saw him.
“Good morning, Red October,” a voice said, as a man walked into the room. It was Stark. Howard’s boy.
Maybe she wouldn’t want his comfort. Or maybe she didn’t need it.
“How about you enjoy it, then,” Tony suggested.
Steve smiled at him. “Yes. That’s exactly what I was thinking.”
. For once, let someone else clean up the mess.”
"There you are," Sam said, a grin spreading on his face when he saw the two of them standing next to the door to the restrooms. "Nat said you might… be… here…" He trailed off towards the end, eyes darting from Tony to Steve and back again, until it was obvious he'd reached a conclusion, a small, exasperated smile spread on his face. "Took you long enough," he said then, and waved them over. "Come on, we really wanna wrap this up. Everyone's waiting."
“I’m bisexual.”
Ultron roared when he finally realized what was going on. His fury seemed to strengthen him, and in the next second, his eyes turned red once more and he broke the railing in two, rushing forward. Bucky took a shot at him, and when that didn’t take, he took up the fight, metal arm against metal arm.
“Of course not,” Tony said, looking vaguely amused. “So you want me.”
Steve pursed his lips and firmly grasped Tony’s hand in his. “It’s probably strange, I’ll grant you, it’s new and frightening, and something you’ll have to come around to. But wrong? Tony, come on, this isn’t wrong.”
He wasn't even sure how to talk about it, now that they both
“You don’t have to,” she said, calmly. “It’s okay not to know everything right away. You will figure it out with time. I did, and so will you.”
“Yeah, yeah, I get it, I do. Oh God. Just…” Tony attempted to lean up and found himself pushed back again. He felt Steve’s hand on him, but didn’t register the sensation, too busily consumed with his own need. Steve cupped the globes of his ass, pushing him upwards somewhat to gain better access. And Tony responded to the feeling more than he intended, grinding his hips against Steve’s finger and reveling in the long-winded groan he received in turn.
Steve rolled his eyes at the melodramatics. He turned around, pulling back the sheets so he could comfortably lie down on top of Tony. Quickly, he kissed his lips, then his cheek, then placed his head next to Tony’s, his lips close to his ear.
“I never thought that,” Tony insisted, staring at Steve.
He lost his balance and stumbled against a wall. Tony was standing at the other side of the workshop, apparently working on something. The thud made him swing around, though, and brought him racing towards Steve.
Standing up again, Steve checked the ground around him, and sighed. Tony had warned them about Strucker’s illegal human experimentation.
“Where is your ring?”
He’d told every one of his employees at LUX to go home for the night. By tomorrow, they’d all be informed that the club had closed for good, leaving them with an over-the-top compensation that should keep them afloat for the next year or so.
Tony stared down at his hands as he shook his head heavily in lieu of a reply.
And now this. This horror. Tony almost couldn’t stand the thought.
“Is that what you’re afraid of?” Steve asked, slightly amused. “That I get hurt?”
Tony had never tried to kiss him, never even wanted to hold his hand. And Steve tried to think of it very little. Of Tony’s words when he’d made his proposal. That they’d be lovers, that he wanted Steve in every way he would want a husband.
to say something along the line of ‘If the guy’s worthy to carry Thor’s hammer, he might as well see your junk, too’, but now probably wasn’t the time for jokes.
“Wait a minute.” Steve went back to the lean-to, dug around in the pockets of his jacket and came back in triumph when he found a roll of mints.
Steve brushed hair back from Tony’s face, letting his fingers trail over his scalp until his hand rested against his shoulder. His thumb traced a line up and down his neck.
“True.”
Steve frowned at the interaction. It seemed that there was some kind of tension between Pepper and Tony, one Happy apparently knew how to break. “Well, to be honest, I’m glad he isn’t here. He always makes me feel like I’m one bite away from the gallows.”
"I didn't freak out last time," was all Steve could come up with to say as he sat up. Whatever had happened, he needed to know, and he'd face the consequences, but he still couldn't bring himself to be harsh or outright cruel towards him… despite the fact that if the knowledge they'd just shared a bed like this, however innocently, ever came out, he'd be in deep trouble. "Did we…" He waved a hand between them in a vague gesture to emphasize the question.
“Business associate,” Tony said promptly, but couldn’t find his words after that. The anger in him slowly losing to despair. He turned around again, not wanting Steve to see, and instead leaned against DUM-E’s frame.
Steve huffed at the bad joke, then once more stared at the blueprint. “Tony, that’s… that’s amazing.”
“I love this song,” Steve admitted.
Obi, just as Tony had predicted, already stood in the middle of the room, talking on his cellphone as he closely regarded the many blueprints lying around. DUM-E was slowly rolling back and forth on the floor next to him, his claw directed in the other direction, a clear picture of giving the cold shoulder—something he always did whenever Obi was around and it never stopped amusing Tony.
Somewhere to Tony’s left, Barnes snorted. “So you say we should just lean back and watch the show?”
“Thank you,” Steve whispered, as he first kissed his left cheek, and then his mouth.
“You have to bring him with you sometime. I’d love to talk to him. It’s been far too long.”
Tony stared up at him, surprised when a choked sob crossed his lips. Steve had always had the power to drag out of him what Tony so desperately tried to suppress. Things buried so deep he hadn’t even realized they were plaguing him until Steve came and made it better. In seconds, he had exposed the most barren scrapings of his heart with no more than his assurance. His assurance that warmed Tony in ways that he could never fully comprehend.
"Thanks for having me," he whispered. He knew he had many misgivings, one of which was his lack of tact. He was often headstrong and unyielding, and had spectacular disregard to collateral damage. He was the kind of guy who'd set out to propose at a gay bar. The kind who jumped out of airplanes on a regular basis, implicitly trusting his boyfriend—
Steve’s mouth hovered over Tony’s, his blue eyes imploring, when he whispered, like a secret, “I’d really like to have you inside me.” His lips found Tony’s throat, and with the way Steve’s voice trembled, Tony would’ve given him anything.
Tony had dreaded this day for months—
“You seem to be back in full strength,” Steve remarked.
Well, and maybe Bruce, occasionally.
“Not anymore, you don’t,” Tony chimed in. He walked around the kitchen counter, coffee mug in one hand, the other around Steve’s shoulder as he leaned against him.
Steve took the wheel and pressed down on the gas pedal. His eyes were on the road, but he eyed Tony all the same. This was going to be interesting. “Better hurry.”
Tony resumed scanning the room. The offline HUD wasn’t all that informative—FRIDAY’s live-calculations were missing, and however impartial those were on a good day, that left him with only the basic functions. He hummed absentmindedly, signaling Steve that he was still on it, while he quickly ran through the numbers. Part of the basement had crashed apparently, but there weren’t any movements on this side and even if—
“Tony,” he prompted, pulling off his glasses, and looking at him in question. “I don’t understand.”
And if that wasn’t enough, the knowledge that Tony could have lost him just as easily as he’d lost Peter cut him to the bone. Tony felt he had aged centuries in just a few hours. And now… he was ready to make the sacrifices he’d been too much of a coward to consider until now.
Steve let loose a half-sigh, half-chuckle. He looked down at Natasha, and not for the first time in his life, he wished to get a glimpse of how her mind worked. “How do you always know?”
When they left the mansion, it was already well into the night, and everyone was tired. Tony, on the other hand, was completely wired and Steve had to admit, it was sort of adorable. The ghost show had been pretty cool, all in all. The costumes were well-made and the make-up shockingly realistic.
Relieved, Steve smiled. Tony was staying. At least for now. He hugged him briefly, not sure where the gesture had come from but rolling with it.
Well, this was fun, Tony thought a little hysterically. Within a few seconds, Steve’s and Obi’s body language had morphed into ‘alpha male in fighting stance’, and this was clearly getting out of hand.
“What is that?” he finally asked, too intrigued to keep quiet much longer.
Tony sighed. “Fine, I will. But it’ll be at least fifty percent your fault if things go to shit because of this.”
Unabashed, Steve let his hands touch Tony more teasingly. He slid his fingers along already known paths, poking at sensitive spots and sliding over firm muscles.
Once Steve arrived at the Triskelion, Extremis live-streamed his speech to all SHIELD communication systems. The moment his voice echoed over every single speaker in the room, Tony was just finishing up the last upgrades on Sam’s left wing. JARVIS had analyzed all the smaller weaknesses that could be repaired on such a short notice, and Tony had set to work.
“We’ve got sightings of Rumlow,” Natasha announced without preamble and both Steve and Tony dropped their hands from each other.
“C’mon,” Tony said to Natasha, “we need to get moving.”
Tony kept staring at the scotch as he downed the water in one huge gulp.
Only after a beat, he startled as if he only now remembered this was absolutely
It was a silent walk back to the van that would bring the others right to the Triskelion. Natasha and Fury would head straight for Pierce’s conference with the WSC, while Steve would make his way to the first targeting console. Thor and Clint had already left the safe house half an hour ago, trying to take out the Northern carrier before it even took off, while Maria, Bruce and Tony would watch the perimeter from afar, trying to stop the launch in time. They all knew that chances for that to happen were close to zero, but they had to try.
needed to look at that ring.
A disgusting grin appears on the groundskeeper’s face.
Dodger?”
After Pepper left the battlefield with Stephen Strange and Dr. Palmer, the wait had been agonizing. Dr. Palmer hadn’t told her that Tony’s condition was stabilized until two days ago. He was going to be okay; however, he hadn’t fully woken up yet and had been drifting in and out of consciousness. Another matter of concern was his right arm - the radiation that the gauntlet emitted was critical for the human body, and somehow Tony came out alive, but at the cost of his right arm. Dr. Palmer had said that mobility in the right arm had been practically cut off. Tony will have to decide what he would want to do when he wakes up.
“You, too.”
“Alright. Thanks, Rhodes. I’ll see you later.”
“Do you think he might...” Steve trailed off in question.
“Bruce told me that he and Rocket will be consulting with Hank Pym tomorrow to get the resources they’re missing to build a new quantum tunnel. So, I guess that it’s only a matter of time until we can send those back.”
Dodger, seemingly unimpressed, walks closer towards Tony’s shoes, turns his body around, and simply drops his body on top of them. Steve and the rest of the Avengers are having a hard time stifling their laughter as Tony continues to look absolutely perplexed at what’s happening. Steve takes some pity on him and makes his way over. He gives Tony a slight smirk and a raised eyebrow as he gently picks Dodger up from the floor.
“Let’s not forget the many containers of that earthly delicacy,” Thor boasts.
Steve sighed. “Okay,” he agreed. I’ll drive myself to the city tomorrow morning. When will you be getting here?”
“It’ll be fine. Just take a few minutes to yourself. Rhodey’s not the only one who deserves a break, y’know?” He paused. “Also, the kid texted me to tell me that he’s going to stop by after school today.”
“Does this dog belong to anyone?”
Before Carol Danvers made her existence known, and to distract himself from his internal grief, Steve and the rest of the Avengers threw themselves into figuring out what had happened to the people who vanished after Thanos snapped his fingers. They worked tirelessly, and when Carol showed up, saying that she could detect a distress signal from deep into the intergalactic plane, Steve felt a glimmer of hope - that it was Tony. Seeing Tony for the first time since 2016, and seeing him like
“Are you missing a certain someone by any chance?”
“Tony,” Steve interjects, “I had to make sure there weren’t any civilians left—”
“You’re being hard on yourself, they’re fitting names. JARVIS, too!” Steve laughs.
So, he does it four more times.
“And Steve Rogers should be on his way… Both of them are going to tell me to go take a nap, aren’t they?” she said dejectedly.
Tony seems to be studying him closely, and he furrows his brows as he imploringly asks, “Are you sure?”
“I still can’t believe this plan actually might have worked,” Bruce adds from the other end of the coach.
“Happy, could you take Morgan to get a snack, please?” interrupted Pepper, sending a pointed look towards Happy and then Tony.
“Steve?” He hears Peggy’s distraught voice coming from the radio.
“JARVIS?”
. They were with him.
He couldn’t wait to tell Natasha all about it.
At the time he hadn’t questioned his actions, but as he reflected on them he couldn't help but wonder about the generous amount of time he took in assessing Tony’s condition while Pepper had to decide to run up to them and greet Tony herself. There was a slight feeling of guilt because he had felt a bit put out when she did. He had been trying to reconnect with Tony and was trying to bring him some sort of comfort due to how distraught he looked, but it should have been Pepper doing that… or Rhodes, but definitely Pepper.
They’ve tried literally everything to keep Dodger from leaving Steve’s floor. They’ve set up alerts (they never went off), fences with a smart lock (Dodger probably laughed —yeah,
“Of course you love her,” Steve insisted. “And I made my peace with that. That you’d never love me in the way you loved her. It doesn’t
“Probably. Don’t even know how long he’s gonna be. He said he’d go to sleep sometime, but you know how it is.” A forced grin edged its way onto Steve’s lips.
This place was beyond anything he’d ever come across, beyond anything his imagination could come up with, and despite Steve’s limited knowledge of the technology behind it, he also suspected it was way past today’s standard.
The room served as some kind of boathouse, it seemed. There were a few rafts and paddles hanging on the walls. Everything was coated with thick dust as well, and as soon as Steve had reached Dummy, holding his claw to keep him from moving away any further, a dreadful sensation took hold of his heart.
He heard Steve chuckle, then there was the sound of clothes falling to the ground—followed by some shuffling and then…
Bruce extended the offered mug and sat down at the workstation next to Tony. He glanced down at the cell samples Tony had taken from the alien plant’s bulb, then reached for JARVIS’ examination protocol, sighing when he realized that there were no new results.
sound cute and kind of pathetic, but they did. Sometimes.
Maria pleaded. When the recording of Bucky choked her, Tony’s whole body twitched, and Steve saw his face crumble into something that was pure pain.
“There you are,” a voice said and Steve looked up to see Vision walking in, the golden cape swaying with every step. He almost felt grateful for the interruption, but he was also still slightly uncomfortable, being in the same room with Vision. “Thor asked me to join you while he readies himself for battle.”
“What the hell are you doing here?” Tony asked afterwards. “If you came here to tell me to lay off your friend, you can just go. We won’t ever—
“How about you start with… after everything that…” He swallowed. “How did we get over it?”
Tony nodded, mindless with need now that he knew where this was going, before he hissed and threw his head back. Above him, Steve was still stroking his erection, his eyes dark with lust. God, Steve knew him as he’d always dreamed someone would know him. As one of his hands occupied itself with Tony’s cock, fingertips skimming its underside, the other was dropping to explore his balls with leisure. That was, until Steve moved downwards and drew the swollen head of his cock between his lips and sucked hard.
you?”
He didn’t know how much time passed. Consciousness was an on and off thing, and Tony only became aware of his surroundings as Steve came running to him. He opened his helmet and chestplate with well-practiced movements and Tony followed his gaze to a bloodstain turning bigger right on Tony’s chest. Before he could wrap his brain around that, he hit the cement floor like a rag doll.
Sliding the papers back into the envelope, Steve carefully set it into his bag and got to his feet. "Watch the fort while I'm gone," he told DUM-E, watching the little wave-twirl thing the machine did with a small smile, before turning to leave. He tried not to seem too much in a rush as he hurried for Bruce's lab.
There was an uncomfortable silence at that. The more time passed, the more Tony saw Steve’s jaw tightening, his expression falling into one of resignation, and Tony was well aware of the significance of this moment. The unspoken ‘what if’ hung in the air but remained unspoken: What if they couldn’t find common ground?
All of a sudden, something happened. Something that made the dream vanish. There was a knock, insistent and very loud. It resounded in Steve’s mind over and over again and while he tried to ignore it at first, at some point, he couldn’t.
There was a long silence, and then Natalia asked quietly, “Do you remember how we met?”
“Stark-Rogers,” Steve corrected.
Steve swallowed. Given the opportunity, he felt himself hesitating. He had a vague understanding of Nat’s training. There had been hints, and a few lines in her file, but never a word from Natasha herself. It had never been personal, before.
“You’ve only been gone three days,” Bucky added.
Another pause as Steve trailed off, and Tony had to physically force himself to stay calm. “Because
Million questions. And a Million answers.
“Yes, you should,” Tony agreed from somewhere behind Steve. “
"So," he said, looking to the woman before setting his eyes back on Tony. "You bounce back pretty easy. Good to know." He had his arms crossed in what he knew must be a pretty intimidating stance. He didn't care. The room was slowly getting fuzzy around the edges, but not so much as to really get in the way.
“He’s a dick,” Bucky said matter-of-factly. “But so are you, most of the time. You, uh… love him, right?”
Wait.
“It’s pretty deep,” Steve murmured. “It may leave a mark. I can’t remember seeing it on you.” He sighed deeply. “Another change I caused.”
she had wanted. And she took whatever and whoever she liked.”
voice with
“Knock yourself out. I’ll just be upstairs. We’re fixing dinner for the birthday party, so join us once you’re done.”
“You have to tell me what to
He had to stop for a second when he spotted Steve sitting on the edge of the bed, gently swaying the tiny baby from side to side, humming what sounded like a lullaby. The melody seemed old.
. And he really needed to stop thinking in the terms of ‘this Steve’ and ‘his Steve’—they were both one and the same stubborn, opinionated man. “No chance of that,” he told Steve. “I tend to get a pouch-tummy.”
“I would have loved to show it to you,” he told Steve as he came nearer. “It’s beautiful, isn’t it? Indries had infamous taste.”
“I know,” Tony answered. “I see your point, I’m not dismissing it, but this is happening, Steve. Whether or not you like it, it’s already happening. And we have a chance to take part in
It took longer for Bruce and Thor to stand up, but eventually, they all shared a hug and some words of compassion. It wasn’t much—there was no strength for more—but it made Tony feel a bit lighter nonetheless.
Steve sped up, still shaking with loud snorts of laughter. Even with the size, the Winnebago was one of the fastest cars Steve had ever driven. Tony cast a glance at the rearview-mirror, then shook his head. “I can’t believe you made me do that.”
“Making weapons. That’s what the business meeting a week ago was all about. I wanted to promote the arc reactor, but apart from that… I wanted to see if I could get away with it. Canning the weapon production without losing all of my investors.”
he could finally get some sleep afterwards.
He turned around somewhat, cleaning first his hands and then, a bit awkwardly, the insides of his pants.
* * *
For a second, there was only dull gray in Tony’s mind, until he’d looked back up at Steve and saw… something. Maybe not quite love, but the potential for it.
Steve hummed and cast him a sympathetic look. “Did you expect anything else?”
Steve smiled, looking very amused. As if he knew something Tony didn’t. Which was very unsettling. “Of course not,” he said, and kissed Tony once more.
Tony should just leave the place, call a cab, and go home. But the notion made him shudder with very unfair worry. Steve didn’t seem like the guy who got drunk on a regular basis, and it might just be Tony’s fault he was in this state, intentional or not.
Bucky rolled his eyes. “Sam’s obsession with that thing is bordering on creepy.”
“Steve?”
Vision’s look turned assessing, and Tony scrunched his face, the wheels turning furiously inside his head.
“Single malt scotch, no ice,” Tony said, pressing his eyes closed. There was no difference, anyway. It was dark, pitch black, almost, and even though he could hear Steve moving, he couldn’t see him.
After another beat, he collapsed against Steve’s chest, his breath erratic.
“And Sam,” Steve went on, his voice barely audible anymore between the dry sobs racking his body. “And Vision and Wanda…”
Steve shook his head, but did little to stop Tony from leading him over the threshold. “Mister Hammer said I need to be ready in an hour,” he said, but Tony cut his protest short with a quick, disinterested wave.
“Tell me, are you really so arrogant?” Barnes asked on an eye-roll. “Or is it all just a charade?”
The bell rang, too early.
Tony flashed a favorable grin. “Thanks.”
“Not the time, guys,” he said, and with the way he said it, it was very clear that it meant: But there
Steve clutched at him desperately, head flinging back. “Oh my God.” He hissed and threw his head back when Tony’s teeth came out to play, his grip on his shoulder tightening. “Fuck.”
Bruce stepped into the doorway, and watched Tony with calm understanding that was unparalleled. “So, that was a bit much.”
Until she’d given one to him.
“Yes,” Natasha said. “His son. He funded the expedition, upped the frequency by a good few hundred percents after his father died. Even made some of the flights himself. You’ll meet him, eventually. He’s kind of… a consultant for SHIELD, even if he doesn’t want to admit it. So you’ll run into each other at some point.”
“Don’t be mad. He just feared you’d be bored out of your mind before he returned home. I had the day off so… I asked Jarvis where to find you and he said you’d likely be in the workshop. When I didn’t find you there I tried the cliffs.”
"Yes, Captain?"
“Your face did.”
“Oh, Tony,” Pepper said with a low laugh.
—trying to do the right thing just as much as Tony was.
He held Tony motionless for a minute as his tongue delicately explored his mouth. Clashing against him, fighting him for dominance. And God, Tony gave as good as he got. That and then some. Over and over again. And it drove him absolutely mad with lust.
It was the same strange feeling with Stark Mansion. He’d looked at it in newspapers before, sure, but he’d never imagined seeing it with his own eyes. And in his wildest fantasies, he’d never envisioned a time when he would be driving inside a limousine, holding another man’s hand, dwarfed in the shadow of such a monumental building.
“Thought so. I didn’t find anything either.”
“You’re
“No, of course not,” Tony said. There was a longer pause, as Tony searched for the right words for what he had to tell Steve next. “They’re making progress on the investigation into HYDRA. There’s… more evidence coming through. Seems they’ll investigate on the Avengers’ actions during the events in DC, but Maria thinks we’re on the safe side here. And…” He hesitated, watching Steve warily. “…the Winter Soldier has been charged with murder. If they find out who he is… Bucky will have to go through trial.”
“Yeah,” Steve confirmed anyway, his smile painting his face in wistfulness. “We are.”
Natasha looked uncomfortable, and that wasn’t exactly calming Steve’s mind. Usually, she made sure to keep her emotions in check. “I sent a Morse code message to Bruce. His reply just came back… seems like Ultron told the truth.”
Tony stuttered to a halt. Had Steve just honest-to-God checked out his ass? What the ever-loving hell was happening here?
out who dares to say her name. But… Jim, I can’t understand him if I don’t know what happened to her. It’s not that I’m morbidly curious. It isn't that. I just want to help him, so if I knew what—”
Bucky sighed, glancing at Natasha. "See, if it were anyone else I'd be calling bullshit. But with this guy..." He shook his head regretfully. The redheaded lady crossed her arms and tapped a forefinger over her bicep, a universal expectation position that had Bucky trail off, then clear his throat.
