John rested his hand on the Omega's knee, giving it a light squeeze. "It's fine, love, really," he promised, forking up some of the chicken on his plate and eating it. Elbowing Sherlock in the arm, he ate another piece. "Take bigger bites than that," he said gently, smiling kindly at him.
"She really is adorable though brother, well done," she said, tapping Katherine's nose. Sherlock swallowed thickly, leaning back into the bed. He watched the three of them contentedly, twining his fingers with John's; he’d meant to socialise more but he ended up dozing off, snoring softly.
Sherlock glanced up at Mycroft again – he was fatter, and with slightly thinning hair now. He looked older, much older. "Mycroft," he said in quiet greeting.
Lestrade looked back at the boy. "Poor sod. I suppose I got rather lucky, almost sent to an Omega house myself, but... someone else showed interest, and we've been bonded since. His influence actually helped me be able to work up to this position; wouldn't tolerate discrimination." He looked back at John. "Things are changing, thank god, and there'll be less stories like his. What did you say his name was? For the record?"
"It's icky!" she replied quickly, pulling her feet more under the bed and puffing a breath of air at the dust bunnies under her bed. They swirled, kicking up a bit and she sneezed again, coughing this time.
It had been hard since he’d been taken. He'd lost everything that made him, him. And he'd felt broken since.
John thought about that comment for a moment, still affected by the sedation agent. "Well, he didn't. I'm fine. But you... how are you?" he asked, combing his fingers through Sherlock's hair, pulling him closer, his scent finally filtering to him.
"Cab," John replied quietly, turning to look at Sherlock. "Are you coming with? I mean, I can understand if you wouldn't want to, but..." he shook his head, his throat tightening with emotion. "I don't want to say goodbye to you," he breathed, his voice barely loud enough to be heard. "I'm not ready to say goodbye yet. I don't think I would ever be."
Sherlock hopped up on the stage, standing in the spot he had a year ago, looking out to where John had been. He let out a slow breath, waiting.
Sherlock blanched, and looked up at John. Christ, why hadn't he remembered that? The inducers and the after heat pills were both still there. "I...they are. I...I forgot they were there. I thought we packed everything." Though at the time, after what the inducers did to him...no wonder he forgot something so small as that.
John laughed a little, pulling on one of Sherlock's favourite jumpers and a pair of loose, comfortable jeans. "Yes, people usually throw baby showers. And yes, we should let them throw one because then they can buy us stuff for the baby and we don't have to spend the money on it." He winked at Sherlock, taking his hand and leading him to the kitchen. "Let's eat, and then we can go."
John stroked through the Omega's hair, pushing it back from his forehead and blowing cool air on him. "Probably because you haven't had one in nearly eight months," John said, pulling him close and rocking him gently through the cramp.
Sherlock woke up to soft whimpers, blinking his eyes open to see John asleep across from him. He blinked, looking down at Katherine who was fussing quietly. He furrowed his brow; that wasn't her normal fussing.
," he said before sliding under the water and rinsing his hair. He came back up, facing John and kissing him gently.
Sherlock sank onto the toilet, leaning into the kisses gently, looking at John when he pulled away.
Sherlock groaned again, sliding down into the tub and curling up at the end of it, drawing the curtain closed. "Oh god, don't make me wait a year," he said, looking up at John. He reached out and stroking John's ankle gently.
He chuckled, looking up at the question. "Daddy's hurt, sweetie. He needs to rest for a few days, just lie down and eat and drink and sleep. He hasn't been taking very good care of himself while he's been gone." He ate a few more bites before standing up to get something to drink. "Want more milk?" he offered.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes a little and gently, but firmly, smacked John's cheek with one hand. "John!" he snapped. "You're not allowed to space out for another two years, do you understand!" He pressed a firm kiss to John's lips. "You are forbidden to do so; you pay attention, and use your eyes. Don't just see, observe, and if you have to do anything to keep yourself alive you do it!" He still kept John's face in his grip. "I don't want you doing something as predictably boring as die, do you hear me?!"
Sherlock’s foot was still tapping a bit when the woman came in, and he stilled it, looking her over for a moment before looking down. He felt his stomach tense a little, though she wasn't as intimidating as he'd thought she might be. But then, of course, they would have more Omegas in this line of work.
John cast a sad look at Katherine, concerned about her as always. "We'll go see Gran tomorrow, alright?" he promised, reaching over the hold her hand, squeezing it gently. He caught her eyes and smiled at her, running his thumb gently over the back of her hand. "And then in a few days we can go see Daddy's parents and Stephen, right? And you can show them your tags, can't you?" He leaned over, kissing her forehead and nuzzling into her hair a little.
Sherlock smiled broadly; he'd done some of it then. He looked up at John, pocketing his phone.
Sherlock blinked a couple times, furrowing his brow a little. "Six times? I thought babies slept most of the time," he said. They weren't really his area, and Sherlock would be lying if he said he didn't feel out of his depth.
"There's another bottle in my
"You... the first person... to ever..." John tried to explain between sharp breaths. He eventually gave up, combing gently through Sherlock's curls and stroking his fingertips down his neck. "You're so perfect," he purred, tracing
Sherlock looked down, thinking. "Well, maybe not as much next time. Your regular pills are coming today; Mycroft actually said he'd bring them by himself. It's weird... him visiting. Think it's because of this little one though," he said, swiping a bit of drool from Katherine's chin.
Sherlock felt the light pressure on his hip and opened his eyes quickly, turning rapidly to see John standing by his side. He blinked a few times, making his heart slow a little as he saw where John glanced.
John groaned at being awoken, instinctively reaching up to push Sherlock off of him, but when his hands met hot skin, he stopped, his eyes popping open. "Oh," he whispered, instantly wide awake. "That was bloody fast," he said, leaning up to capture Sherlock's lips with his own, snaking his tongue between his parted lips.
Sherlock sighed, then nodded. He followed John outside and down the hall where they were stopped at the nurse’s station. He sighed again, just wanting to go home. He scrawled his name where it should be and shoved the clipboard to John, since he dealt with this kind of paperwork more, and then sank into the obligatory wheelchair that his nurse brought over to them. He saw Dr Maria show up, who handed John a card with their next appointment with a smile.
Sherlock burst into Mrs Hudson's flat, murmuring something about needing something for an experiment. He grabbed what he was looking for and ran back upstairs to the mirror in the living room. His face was still flushed and he licked his lips again as he pulled the cap off the black pencil in his hand. He swallowed, hands shaking slightly as he carefully drew it onto his eyes, trying to remember the steps from what he'd watched a while ago. He smirked a little, dropping the eyeliner on the mantel before heading back to the bedroom, keeping his eyes down until he was back on John's lap, pressing his lips to John's neck and jaw, finally flicking his gaze up to him.
John marked his own scent on everything the strange Alpha had touched, disliking exactly how much had been contaminated by his scent.
"I slept alright," he said to Sherlock, turning to look at him. "Didn't dream but still... saw. Almost had a nightmare when I was waking up, but I avoided it." He leaned over to kiss Sherlock's temple, leaving his lips there for a moment.
"Everything's alright, love," John whispered, rubbing his hand over Sherlock's back, nuzzling against his hair. "Wouldn't be here otherwise," he assured, pressing a few kisses to his temple, and then his forehead, his fingers tracing random patterns over his shoulders.
more important, you idiot. What if they want to separate us, hmm? What then? Then you're just making this easier for them."
I decided to send an email since you are back at base and should be able to receive it. God it felt so good to know you're there, that you're safe. Well, safer. Five months, John. Then I'll be able to send pictures and an outfit with his scent and I know that it's not the same as you being there but I can share him with you John. I want to hold our baby, I want you to hold me while I hold him...and we'll be able to. Soon enough. Another month down, getting closer.
John glanced over at his mate, letting out a breath, before he gathered Katherine into his arms. "Alright. Let's go into the living room then, hmm? Sit by the fire and read a book. How does that sound?" he asked, scooping her up into his arms and grabbing the bottle of pills on his bedside table before making his way silently into the living room. "I'm going to go take these, and then I'll be back," he whispered, setting Kat down in his chair before walking into the kitchen.
John clicked the safety back on his gun and stuffed it away, jogging forward to where Sherlock was lying on the ground. "Easy, easy," he murmured, taking off his jumper to wipe the splatter of blood off of Sherlock's face.
Sherlock took John into his arms when he came back, still swaying a little in the silence. "MmKnow." he mumbled quietly, scenting John's neck and sighing softly before nibbling at his jaw. "Won't ever get over how you taste." he said softly.
John grimaced, but he kept eating. "Not going to be a problem, I don't think," he answered, wolfing down the first half of his sandwich and starting on the other.
Mindy shushed him quietly, running her hands down his back, though she was crying as well. "It's alright, child," she murmured, holding him close until he calmed down.
Falling off the garden wall and spraining his wrist, getting a gash on his arm as well that Mycroft tended to.
Sherlock took John's entire length into his mouth, stroking him up and down quickly when he pulled up, only to push all the way down onto him, humming when he reached the bottom, knowing John could feel the vibrations. He smirked a little, pulling off and continuing to stroke John gently, leaning down and gently sucking one of his balls into his mouth, humming again.
John's hands tightened around the gun and his hair. He pulled his knees up to his chest, breathing heavily and shaking forcefully. He sobbed, though no tears came, just a huge, solid ache in his chest. Tossing the gun to the floor, he wrapped his arms around his head and made himself as small as possible, part of him still feeling the heat of the desert, the bullet in his shoulder.
any eyeliner just yet, so it would have to wait regardless," he said, pressing another kiss to his mouth. "But I bounce back quickly, even the nurse noted on my progress. I'm not going to let something as base and simple as an injury keep me from doing what I like for long," he said.
October 31
John grinned broadly, engulfing Sherlock's mouth in a heady kiss. "You're damn right I am. Have to best you somewhere, don't I?" he teased, starting his gentle applications of pressure points again until he felt that Sherlock was calm enough.
"Now Katty, Papa's coming to the park with us, but he can't run around and play just yet alright? Maybe this summer, hmm?" he asked, making sure she understood. Katherine nodded.
“Shh, you
John paused on the edge of the pavement, waving down a cab and huffing as it kept driving. He glanced over his shoulder at Sherlock, reaching out for his hand while he flagged down another cab, this one slowly pulling up in front of them.
John backed from the room without confirmation, walking quickly into the kitchen to start fixing the meagre meal. He knew that it was nothing compared to what a normal Omega's metabolism could break down, but he had a feeling that this boy was going to have troubles with it.
Sherlock whimpered from surprise at being pinned. He glared at John, "Don't you dare tell me how you want to be buried, I'm not burying you!" he snapped, nipping at John's jaw again in the same spot. They'd never argued this much before, and it surprised Sherlock, but he tried to stand his ground against the Alpha, despite being pinned as he was.
John started a little, blinking back the fog that had formed over his eyes. "Come on," he said, managing, somehow, to keep his voice from breaking, "let's go home. I just... I want to be home." He waited for Sherlock to stand and then he followed, shrugging on his coat and helping Sherlock into his own. He took Sherlock's hand, holding it tightly as they left.
"Bout two kilometres, sir."
Sherlock sighed, shrugging a little bit.
John smiled slightly, resting his hand over the top of Sherlock's on the Omega's belly. "Shouldn't be long now," he murmured, rubbing his thumb in slow circles. "Your last two contractions were two minutes apart. She's getting closer."
Sherlock sighed, ordering the same, not even paying much attention to what it was John had ordered. "Happy?" he asked as they moved over to a table. He sank down into one side of the booth, pulling out his phone again.
all about Afghanistan yet," John murmured quietly in Sherlock's ear, squeezing his hand. "How do you expect me to tell my family?"
"You left me," he murmured to no one, walking across the roofline and standing just shy of the ledge, looking down at the street. He choked on a sob, raking a hand through his hair. "Sherlock, what have you done?"
John scraped the tear streaks from his face with the heel of his hand, shaking his head when he looked back over at Sherlock. "No. There's nothing else." He leaned forward to kiss Sherlock's forehead, thinking about the anti-depression pills in his office. His locked office, in his very secure safe. No, nothing else.
The nurse sighed lightly, glancing back down at the clipboard to make sure she didn't get anything wrong. "He started vomiting blood. Heavily, and it slowly progressed until that was all that was coming up. They did some blood work and apparently ran some x-rays while he was unconscious, and they found a severely bleeding and ruptured ulcer in his lower oesophagus and another in his stomach." She took a breath, glancing up at Sherlock before finishing up. "Freshest news is that they found a couple more in his stomach and they're rupturing them on purpose so that he doesn't have to come back in later."
John shook his head again, fear starting to pump through him.
Sherlock felt his face warm even more when the cake came, looking at the candle in his. He put on a smile though, seeing the filling in the centre that Katherine had suggested. He blew out his candle and pressed a kiss to Katherine's head, taking up a fork and eating a bite. He would make himself eat the cake, Katherine's cake that she'd picked for him, even if he didn't have an appetite.
"God, I love you," John murmured, kissing Sherlock fully and reaching behind him to turn off the shower. He helped Sherlock out, drying him off before using the towel on himself, and then led him back into the bedroom. "Put these on," he said, tossing Sherlock his pyjamas before pulling on his own. "I'll be right back."
Sherlock fingered his wrist a little, a habit still from when they'd been injured and looked up when John called him over. He hesitated a moment, then walked over, feeling John's fingers weave with his.
. Damn. They had gotten really bad.
John chuckled softly at Sherlock's antics, grabbing his fork and stabbing a piece of the chicken, biting into it and chewing it slowly. "Don't like pineapple, huh?" he teased gently, mocking stealing one before he twisted his fork and stabbed another piece of chicken instead.
Sherlock felt something in his chest lift a little when he finally got John's email.
John smiled, kissing Sherlock's finger. "Hello, love," he whispered, reaching up and cupping his cheek gently, stroking his cheekbone with his thumb. "How are you feeling?" he asked, worried about his heat and the flu and his side and just... everything.
"I would have never forgiven you John; it was one thing thinking that someone else had taken you from me... but if you had done it yourself... I would never have forgiven you," Sherlock said, his voice a little thick.
"Alright, out you get," John chided with a small chuckle, nudging Sherlock in the sides. "Can't have you falling asleep in the water; you'll shrivel up like a prune." He leant forward, pulling up the drain and helping steady Sherlock as he stood and stepped out of the tub.
John reached out and wiped the bit of syrup from Katherine's chin, smiling at her. "Of course, she is," he promised, though he had no idea. But he knew that his mother could be dying, and he would still lie to Kat and promise her that everything would be fine. "I just want to check up on her and Harry both, make sure that your Auntie is sleeping and eating and everything."
He hadn’t eaten in four days, making him docile, and he was exhausted. So, by the time they dragged him onto the stage, he just stood there, looking out over the crowd, waiting, because it would happen.
Sherlock watched the two of them, the doll in Katherine's lap. He swallowed, then nodded a little. "I did," he said softly. Katherine looked between the two of them.
John looked up, slowly making his way over to Sherlock and perching on the edge of the bed. "You were bleeding," he explained, handing Katherine over to Sherlock, settling his hand on Sherlock's arm. "They kicked me out and gave me Katherine to take to the nursery. You're fine, though. Just a scare, apparently." He brushed his fingers through Sherlock's hair, leaning forward to kiss his forehead. "Maria says she needs to be fed. Do you think you can manage?"
Sherlock nodded, letting out a breath as John brought the conversation back to where it had been. "It won't, I promise," he said, reaching up and wrapping his fingers around John's wrist, feeling his pulse.
John raised his eyes at Sherlock, but he didn't argue, standing up with the plate and walking into the kitchen. He put most of the biscuits back into the tin, taking a bite out of one and setting it back on the plate. He trotted downstairs and left the tin in front of Mrs Hudson's door – she would understand – then returned to the living room, setting the mostly empty plate back on the mantle. He checked the time. Six and a half minutes was close enough.
John hummed, closing his eyes again. "Perhaps we own each other," he suggested, leaning into Sherlock's touch, nipping at his thumb. He smirked, parting his eyelids and rubbing his hand over Sherlock's back, the other smoothing over his thigh.
"I know." Sherlock mumbled, closing his eyes. "I don't like things messing with my mind. But it's nice...having you here when they do, or even when they don't," he said, smiling.
"Where... where going?" Sherlock asked, tilting his head up a little and looking at John. His stomach was in knots, and he almost felt like he was going to be sick again, but what could there be left for him to sick up?
Sherlock huffed a sigh, running his fingers through his hair a little. "You... you managed to feed yourself before I got here," he muttered, crossing over to his violin and snatching it up, tossing himself haphazardly into an armchair, plucking at it.
"My parents had a trust to be shared between my brother and me. I will be perfectly able to provide for myself," Sherlock mumbled.
"Of course I stayed. I'm not sure where you went, but no one should go anywhere alone unless they want to. And even then, it's sometimes a bad idea." John kissed Sherlock's forehead, gently lifting him off of his lap so that he could stand up. He held his hand out for Sherlock, pushing his other hand through his hair. "Come on, let's go home."
Sherlock sighed, furrowing his brows. He supposed that worried him as well. "Well like I said, you can punish me later...maybe when I'm not so fucking sore already." he said, swallowing. "Must have been something in the inducer...I don't know what else it could be." he said with a shrug.
"Mmm... J.. John?" he breathed drowsily, his eyes trying to pull shut again. "Mmm John..." he mumbled under his breath.
John held Sherlock for the rest of the morning, rocking him slowly and periodically kissing his forehead. "You should go wake up our daughter. I'll start a late lunch," he murmured, easing Sherlock off of his lap. He walked over to the wall and pulled out the knives, tucking them away into a safe spot out of Kat's reach before wandering into the kitchen to start making some fried egg sandwiches, bacon, and hash browns.
Sherlock groaned as John nudged him to his feet. He climbed out of the tub, sitting on the edge drowsily.
. Thank you thank you thank you!!!
He heard what he assumed was the word ‘sold,’ but it sounded more like ‘cold’ to his ears, having spaced out a little. Before he knew it though, his arm was gripped tightly and he was hauled off the back of the stage to a back collections room, shoved inside to wait. He leant heavily against the wall, sinking down it to the floor, exhausted.
John's fever broke around seven, and he woke up not too long after, blinking his eyes against the light in the room. "God, I feel like shit," he groaned, reaching for the glass of water and draining it. He flopped back onto the bed, not caring that he was laying the wrong way, and curled up onto his side.
John furrowed his brows as he set the plates on the table. "Tossed them in the bin last week. You're not allowed to have caffeine, love." He walked over, taking the glasses of milk and putting them on the table. "Officially in the second trimester; you have to start being more observant of what you're consuming."
Sherlock sighed, shuffling his feet a little bit. "No, because I can't control the music, it dictates where I go, how I move." he said, stepping on one of John's feet.
John looked up at the doctor, his gaze flicking between her and Sherlock. "Yeah, alright. I'll be right outside."
Sherlock closed his eyes a little, humming. "That's very distracting," he murmured quietly, letting out a breath.
"Hey, see, there you go," John said, chuckling softly as he blew on her stomach again. "Don't be too loud, though, or you'll wake you're daddy. He needs his sleep, Katty, so be a good girl, please."
Sherlock sighed, "But..." this bed smelled of Katherine. He nodded once and sat up. "We should set up Hamish's crib first. I only didn't because you were sleeping."
John walked up the stairs more slowly than Sherlock, shrugging off his coat and taking a seat in his chair. He watched Sherlock with interest, wondering what exactly he was looking for in the case, but he never got the chance to ask because the Omega flopped down on the couch, and John could immediately tell that he had gone into his mind.
John sighed, a bit heavier this time, but didn't argue. "Yes, alright. Just don't hurt yourself, please." He squeezed Sherlock's hand tighter, glancing up at the clear blue sky that was filled with returning birds. He sighed again, wincing a little as he remembered that he had more flowers to send in a few days. He pushed the thought aside, trying not to think about it.
He simply had to follow his nose to find the rooms where the humans were kept, finding them bound and gagged. Some of them had already been bitten, their wounds left wide open. It was disgusting. He untied them one by one, biting into his finger and giving the ones that needed it a drop or two of his blood to heal their bites, before glamouring them so they wouldn’t remember any encounter with his kind.
"Can't give infants under two months anything, even Tylenol," John said before Maria had to, letting her focus on what she had to do. She excused herself to go get everything she needed, and John turned to Sherlock, wrapping his arms around him. "She'll be alright," he said, pulling back to cup Sherlock's face.
Jim laughed, loud and perhaps a little manic. But wasn't that everything he strived to be? "Not so fast, you poor, poor idiot." His eyes drifted up and then to John, where three red sniper dots were fixated on his head. "If you thought Moran was my only gunman, you were WRONG!" He balled his hands into fists, tired of playing games with people that were so below him.
John stiffened at the mention of the Alpha, but didn't comment on it. Sherlock was safe, and he still smelled like himself.
Soon enough he was there, where he catalogued the first warm touch to his shoulder, and the voice he had to dig from his subconscious, not remembering it until months after he’d been taken from that place.
Sherlock wrapped his arm around John, pulling him close. "Enough," he said quietly. He swallowed thickly, glancing over at Katherine's cot. This wouldn't be easy, but if he played his cards right he could get rid of Moriarty and then get home to both John and Katherine. She'll never remember him being gone, and John... well Sherlock hoped he would forgive him.
"Your mother is interesting... she… sees things. Knows things," Sherlock replied, scooting a little closer to John. "She said you look at me a certain way," he said quietly. "And she said... things about me she shouldn't know. Things no one knows... only me," he finished softly.
John's gaze flickered quickly over Sherlock's bare torso, able to appreciate his beauty even with how skinny he was.
"So, do we even bother telling your mother or just see if she figures it out?" Sherlock asked, feeling significantly more at ease not that they'd left that place. "Might be more fun, and I'm honestly curios to see if she does."
Sherlock blinked when he sat back down and a cup was shoved into his hands. He furrowed his brow a little, taking a sip. "There's sugar in this... and milk... John, that'll slow me down," he said, looking at him and still holding the cup in his hands. He met his gaze and sighed, slumping back against the armrest. "Fine," he said, nursing off the mug a little.
Sherlock let out a breath, dropping the phone on the bedside table, and rolling back towards John with a smile. "Solved it, problem solved, done with," he said with a grin, kissing John.
John's stomach dropped, but he shook his head. "I don't know. It shouldn't be," he said softly, walking over to Sherlock and sitting down beside him.
"Your Papa means a copy," Sherlock said, looking down at the spring rolls. "And I don't get that hungry these days," he said, taking another small bite.
John shrugged. "Doesn't mean I wouldn't do it," he replied, setting strips of gauze over the mark on the back of Sherlock's neck and spreading the bandage over it. He then repeated the process on the other mark.
Katherine nodded a little. "Splish of milk," she echoed incorrectly. She sighed a little, closing her eyes a little.
Sherlock sat up a bit more, pulling out some cash for the driver. When they arrived, Sherlock paid the driver and climbed out, moving up the steps to the house and waited for John before knocking.
"J-John... make it... stop," Sherlock worked out, curling up into a ball. He thought of those points John had pressed last night, frantically trying to find them with his own shaking fingers and soon giving up.
"Come on, love. You need to eat," he said softly. Her face seemed different, it was still his Katherine, but there was something just missing from it, like a light had gone out. She looked at the sandwich, then back up at Sherlock. "W...want Papa," she said in a small voice.
"I do hide from you," John said quietly. "I don't want you to see how bad it is, how damaged I am." He let out a heavy breath, cradling Sherlock's head against his shoulder. "Just sleep, love. We can talk later, and we can bring down the crib before Hamish gets home," he promised, pressing a kiss to Sherlock's temple.
John stared at Sherlock, dumbfounded. "You think I would just give up? Honestly? After all the hell that I've been through, after finally getting something good in my life, do you really think that I would just lie down and take this? No, Sherlock, I bloody well wouldn't. Mycroft's the government, yes. Who the hell do you think sent the bloody letter? The government."
Sherlock stood up and steadied her, only having to take one step to scoop her up. "Well done!" he said. "Aren't you clever?" he praised, and Katherine giggled, her fingers closing on Sherlock's hair.
“Oh, joyous day, my
Sherlock tugged on John's hair again. "I know... that's the tragic irony in it. I hate it... and lo-Ove it," he said, voice hitching slightly as John brushed his prostate again. "You're a bad man..." he breathed, a small smile on his face.
Harry blinked, looking at John. "You're leaving him to be interrogated you mean. You know mum, she gets right to the quick of it, and perhaps Sherlock's had enough time alone with her for now. Don't want him freaking out again, he'll never come back to visit," she said.
Sherlock didn't sleep again, sitting there watching John, categorising the way his eyes flicked under his lids as he went through different layers of sleep.
"Kind of feel like I just had a seventeen hour shift in the med centre over in the desert and then went out and got pissed with my buddies, and then proceeded to sleep for three days. I don't know; it's a weird feeling, but I don't feel
"Mycroft found your parents John," Sherlock said quietly. He looked up at him, biting his lip. "Your mother and Harry have made contact; they couldn't find her with her name being changed. Your parents lucked out a bit with the trade, kept together and sent to work at an estate, working for a few years before being allowed to go their own way," he said quietly. He swallowed. "But... John, I'm sorry I couldn't find them sooner, your dad passed away six months ago," he said quietly, hating having to tell John.
God... that felt so long ago. More than five years. He sighed, glancing up at John, rings under his eyes on his thin face. "I'm so sorry," he said again; he couldn't help but apologise again.
“Now, I play the violin,” he started.
John nodded quietly, resting his hand over Sherlock's stomach. Part of him missed Sherlock when he had been pregnant. Missed the anticipation, the happiness. But he knew the workings of human emotion a little better than Sherlock did. Having a pup right now would tear them apart before it would bring them together. They needed to wait.
Harry was holding a glass in her hand, not much of a dent being made in it; she was mostly just holding it. She looked up when John came in. She nodded, then shook her head, then nodded again.
Sherlock's face twisted into one of anger when he heard someone pounding on the door, but it fell off as soon as he heard who it was that was shouting.
Sherlock settled onto the bed, shifting a little and mumbling incoherently under his breath.
"That's not what I'm worried about. I just don't want to leave you." John leant up on his elbow, running his fingers through Sherlock's hair and looking down at him. "We've still got a while, though. I don't want to worry about it now."
Sherlock looked over at John, his forehead creased a little in confusion as he stood up, sitting on the edge of the bed as directed to. He let out a breath as John slid up behind him, straightening up a little.
"Oh, you're pulling that card, huh?" John teased, sighing lightly but smiling a little at Sherlock's concern. "If I were a doctor and a patient came in with symptoms like mine... I would request that they go see a therapist. But you knew that, of course." He leant forward, resting his forehead against Sherlock's. "I'll make a few calls, see what I can come up with."
Angelo was overjoyed to see them again, quickly leading them to the same table they had sat at before. Sherlock sank into the booth with a sigh.
John smiled appreciatively over his shoulder. "A bath sounds nice," he agreed, getting to his feet and holding out a hand to Sherlock, leading him into the bathroom. He turned on the water to let it warm and then set the plug in place so that the tub could fill. When it was nearing half full, he stepped in and sunk down, holding his hand out to give Sherlock something to hold on to when he stepped in.
Sherlock looked at John, leading him over to the box, which had rattled a bit when he set it down. Opening it, the box was revealed to contain various different china plates, many of them chipped or cracked already.
John wished he shared Sherlock's confidence, but he didn't say anything to contradict him. He hated the thought of Moriarty showing up again, but if that was what it took to get rid of him... then he guessed that was what had to happen. "Of course," he said softly, kissing Sherlock softly once more before reaching out for the shampoo.
(See the end of the chapter for
John smiled, though he tensed slightly at Sherlock's nuzzling. Not that he minded – god, he loved it – he just didn't want to lose control. "Yeah, it's pretty nice, isn't it?" he murmured, trailing his fingers farther down over Sherlock's back, rubbing small circles into his skin.
She sniffed. "He's wet," she noted, looking at his side and gasping a little. "Bleeding! Has an owie!" she said.
John nodded slowly, watching Katherine stir a little in her sleep. She was going to get hungry again soon, which meant fussing and crying. He lifted her up slowly from Sherlock's arms, careful not to disturb him, and stood up with her, walking slowly around the room. "Then I think you should," he said quietly, looking back over at Mycroft. "Don't put it off." He walked over to Mycroft, rocking Katherine slowly. "Would you like to hold her?" he asked softly, glancing up at him and then back down at his daughter.
John looked down at Katherine's soft curls and smiled a little. He sighed, lifting his gaze and staring out of the window. "I don't really know," he answered truthfully. "Nothing specific. It just looked like the desert had been dumped into the living room. And..." he shook his head, bouncing Kat gently on his thigh, his hands steadying and supporting her.
Katherine nodded, tipping up her cup and draining the rest of the hot chocolate. "Ready!" she said, sliding off of the chair. "Want go get Daddy's scarf! Then have pick where taking Daddy for dinner," she said, buttoning up her coat again.
She sniffed again, her hand resting on his cheek. "Funny not-good bad. Jus’ funny," she said. Her brows pulled together a little and Sherlock could see her looking for something and he sighed a little.
Sherlock sighed, feeling John's knot start to recede. Humming, he scooted forward a little, pulling himself off of John and rolling over to snuggle against his chest, burying his face in John's neck, peppering small kisses there. "Mm love you..." he purred.
John chuckled, wetting down a flannel and ringing it out. "Let me clean you off first, and then yes." He quickly cleaned off her sticky face, tossing the rag into the sink. "Okay, you go hide, I'll count. My room is off-limits, though, because Daddy's sleeping, okay?"
John sighed, leaning back against the counter with his hands braced on either side of his hips. He tipped his head back, his eyes closed and just breathed deeply. His shoulder burned, the way it did when he was freaking out or stressed or worried or... well, basically always, but now it was more prominent. Un-ignorable. He heard the door open but didn't bother looking up. He knew who it was.
Katherine sniffed again. "Fifteen months...going to come back for...for my birthday?" she asked, looking up at him. "I'm gonna be four," she said, rubbing her nose. Sherlock let out a breath, John would miss her next two birthdays, and they would miss his.
Katherine nodded, climbing up onto her booster seat on one of the kitchen. Sherlock wandered into the kitchen as well, pulling open the fridge and grabbing the box of what he knew was spring rolls, popping it into the microwave before sitting down adjacent to Katherine.
He whined, wanting,
"I'm really not fond of it," John chuckled, wrapping his arms around Sherlock's waist and holding his body close, loving how perfectly they seemed to fit together. "I wouldn't mind another girl, but I really would like a boy," he said, kissing Sherlock's temple and rocking them gently.
“What? No. Why, do you two know each other?” he asked.
"Mm don' want you gone that long. The sandwiches from the cafe... jus' bring them cold," Sherlock murmured, his fingers tracing through some of the thin, short, blond hair on John's chest.
, as he looked, his mouth hanging open as he looked at the squinting infant.
Sherlock took a shaky deep breath, John's scent hitting him, stronger than it had been, but still not the same; he didn't know if it was good or not.
He let out a breath, slowly standing up and grabbing a dressing gown out of habit, though he didn't put it on, dragging it behind him as he walked unsteadily out of the room, feeling smaller and smaller the farther away from the room he got. He still felt in a haze, pouring a glass of cold water and guzzling it down. He got another, leaning against the counter in the nice kitchen, though he couldn't really appreciate it, not able to think about anything.
He would be fine... his John, who he'd dreamed about, those dreams being the only escape from the hell his life had been the last two years. His body held more scars now, and he was thin, not having John to nag at him about eating... his John, would fix him back up. Just like he had five years ago. He was twenty-three now, and Katherine... oh sweet Katherine. Sherlock wondered what she looked like. He felt so tired, his head light, not only bleeding but not having gotten proper sleep in days. He'd been pushing to find Anton.
" he hummed, scenting his neck.
"Sometimes... I think if the laws hadn't changed, I might like you to take my title back," he murmured, loving being John's, but marrying him would suffice. "It's better though... I feel better, for Katherine," he murmured.
The nurse smiled at them, gesturing them along down a hallway and then pointing them into a room, saying that the doctor would be right in, that she preferred doing everything herself.
You can only see it if I lift up my shirt, or wear one of my really tight ones. But lately I've taken to wearing your jumpers. I broke down and sprayed that solution on all of them actually...sorry.
Sherlock couldn't stand it anymore, he stood up, and moved to the other side of the bed, setting Hamish between John's legs so he wouldn't roll away. Grabbing the pad that John was laying on, he gently pulled it to the side slowly, shifting his Alpha on the bed and murmuring a gentle 'sorry' in case the movement had hurt him. Sherlock scooped the infant up again and perched on the edge of the bed next to him, "If I'm hurting you, tell me." he ordered softly, leaning in close enough to make contact, but not enough to hurt, still cradling Hamish close to his chest. He let out a breath being so close to John, it was perfect. "God...when can you come home John? I don't care if you work, I've got my trust, you've got that bloody pension, which is most likely more now...we have the cabin...it'll be just us. Just the four of us."
Sherlock let John go down the hall with Katherine, they needed time together as well, and he acknowledged that. He picked up Hamish, who he was a little worried about, he seemed to be sleeping a lot, but then perhaps he was simply sleeping off the stress. He woke the pup up though, deciding to have him play and have some tummy time, that way he would sleep that night.
Sherlock flushed a bit at that statement, looking down at the food in his lap. A small smile tugged at his mouth. He knew it was sentimental, and he wasn't sure where all the affection was coming from, but then... didn't he? He leant his head on John's shoulder, inhaling a bit. "You smell different somehow," he murmured.
Lestrade hated writing down every detail, but knew he had to. He, too, glanced back at the Omega in bed.
Sherlock nodded, the hand on his face shaking. He reached up with his right hand and covered John's, steadying it slightly. "’m real," he confirmed with another nod.
"’m not going to," he mumbled quietly. He sighed a little. "When the nurse comes back, I'll order whatever it is they have today that they call food. They said you are on soft food, so you'll get broth and jelly no doubt," he murmured, nuzzling close to John.
John sagged with relief, leaning against the door frame and dropping his head back against it. "Christ, Sherlock, don't do that to me," he said quietly, walking into the room and setting the knife down before crawling onto the bed beside his mate. "You scared the living hell out of me." He wrapped his arm around Sherlock's waist, snuggling in behind him and nuzzling between his shoulder blades.
"Always yours," he murmured.
John reached out, cupping Sherlock's cheek, feeling his slightly heated skin and running his thumb over his cheekbone. "God, I missed you," he whispered, pulling Sherlock forward into a slightly awkward hug. It hurt, but he didn't care. He needed it, he needed his mate close. "I don't ever want to be separated from you again. Not ever. I don't care what it's for. I won't work. I don't want to leave you," he breathed, nearly crying against Sherlock's chest.
"You're right...should just go in there." he murmured, silently nudging the door open. Hamish had waited two months and five days for this...he wouldn't make his son wait anymore, and god knew he was done waiting as well. He stepped inside, closing the door and stepping up to the curtain that was partially closed. He peeked out, to see John, bandaged and battered still, but of much better colour, some of the lines a bit more faded. He let out a breath, smiling as he stepped closer. "J-John?" he asked quietly, John's eyes shut.
Sherlock curled smaller when John growled, happy when the nurse came in. She looked over John again, obviously not happy with him moving so soon, but she didn't mention anything. Knowing that John as an Alpha whose mate was in heat... she wasn't going to touch that. She looked over Sherlock as well, checking his side.
Sherlock made a small noise as John was suddenly above him again, and he stole up John's lips happily. He reached up his arms to wrap around him, one of his hands weaving up into John's hair. He moved his hips up, grinding up against John a small bit, needing the friction...
Hello love, hello Katty,
Sherlock tugged his phone out of his pocket, having silenced it to let John sleep. There were several messages from Mycroft, saying that CCTV couldn't pick up who the Alpha was; they couldn't get his face.
John snorted, still on the edge of his nightmare. "I'm not going anywhere. Can I keep the bed for tonight?" he asked, and when he got a nod of approval, he slid off the edge of the bed, walking over and pulling up a chair beside Sherlock.
Katherine screamed as the curtain was torn open, then let out a squeal of laughter as his fingers dove straight for her sides. "No fair!" she complained with a smile on her face, kicking out and pulling at her Papa's arms. "Nooooo!" she said, giggling again.
I love you.
"I know. I love you too," John whispered, resting his cheek on top of Sherlock's head. He squeezed Sherlock's hand, not letting go until the cab was stopped and they were there. Swallowing, John paid the fare and got out, holding the door for Sherlock and leading him into the graveyard after a moment's hesitation.
John looked up at the doctor, who was smiling. "She?" he asked, glancing back down at the picture.
"Hey, don't," John murmured, tugging gently on Sherlock's hair to get his attention. "Don't run away from it. Then you'll always hate it." He stroked his hand from his hair down to his shoulders, rubbing gently over them. "Try to relax." All he wanted was to lie down beside him and kiss him until he relaxed, but he fought it, just holding Sherlock closer.
"Of course, Katty, he'll be fine, just like you are fine. Why don't you go and watch some telly for a bit, and I'll just check on Papa, okay?" he asked. She nodded, slipping out of the room and down the hall. Sherlock heard the telly turn on and walked into the bathroom.
Sherlock hummed, then shrugged a little. "I don't know," he said. "I haven't had the two I should have... after that first one alone..." He swallowed, shaking his head a little. "And then last night... that wasn't a heat but... I don't know. Could be any time I guess..." he murmured quietly.
John sighed, closing his eyes and letting himself get flooded by Sherlock's scent. "You can keep my tags," he said quietly after a few moments had passed. "They're going to issue me knew ones, anyway." He reached up and combed through Sherlock's hair, having already forgotten how it felt--like silk running through his fingers.
Sherlock growled a little at the tugging, yipping when the smack came. He moved more now, desperate, thrashing about in his head and trying to find things that would convince John to untie his hands, throwing out things his hands had been able to do before, what they could be doing now, hoping to entice him. As he was doing that though, all the while gently tugging at his wrists he came to another memory of his hands that completely threw him and he was slammed right back into it. His hands the day of the auction, bound roughly with coarse rope, digging into them for a day until they bled. Sherlock faltered in his movement, starting to tug more at his hands now, trapped in that moment in his head.
John took the boxes from Angelo when he brought them, smiling his thanks. "I wasn't quiet. Harry was, though. She was always smiling and happy, and I was most often fussy or upset about something. Ironically, we swapped out personalities at about five years old."
Standing was the last thing John wanted to do, and shivering in the shower was pretty low on his list, but he didn't have the strength to argue or resist. So he let Sherlock strip him of the rest of his clothes, groaning and ducking for the toilet again while Sherlock turned on the shower.
Sherlock leaned into the kiss, humming a little, smiling against John's mouth. He watched John move over to tend more to lunch, smirking a little at the comment. "I'm surprised you haven't yet,
Sherlock had woken up a little while after they left, climbing out of bed. He stretched, sighing softly when he saw John's note. Birthday shopping then. Tomorrow...goodness. He let out a breath, walking into the bathroom to shower. He wandered around the flat after his shower, eating a bit of food while he waited. They couldn't be gone that long. He was looking out the window, and he saw them coming up the sidewalk, smiling. His expression paused before he suddenly darted towards the bathroom, leaning over the toilet as he got sick.
Sherlock hummed, loading up his pasta into the box and sticking a couple breadsticks in as well. "Well... guess there's no knowing about it then," he said with a small sigh. "Everything about it is just... unknown," he said. They got up, Sherlock nodding at Angelo with a small smile as they left, and started to walk home. It was only five minutes away, anyway. Sherlock felt his phone go off and pulled it out to look.
John was at a loss. “How…” he looked at Mike. “Did he set this up?” he asked, pointing his thumb at Sherlock. Mike looked thoroughly confused.
John walked over to his chair and sunk down into it, burying his face in his hands. He scrubbed his eyes, letting out a frustrated groan before dropping his hands and looking up at Sherlock.
Oh, sweetheart, I miss you too. When you read your stories at night, I want you to imagine that I'm reading them, alright? I loved your picture. That was a really big and pretty sand castle. Keep being good for Daddy, alright? Love you.
Sherlock yelped in surprise that he was actually being allowed this time, his whole body shaking and giving a jerk as he finally came. He tensed up, tightening more around John, crying out as it was almost painful this time but in the most perfect way. He saw white, back arching before he fell back onto the bed, limp, shaking, and panting, spent.
"I'm going to start missing your pregnant self if you're going to be that observant again," John grumbled, looking down at Katherine, who reached up with her fist and set it over his lips.
technically, John wouldn't be walking too much, to the cab, then to a bench, but it was the stairs that were problematic.
Sherlock sighed, rolling his eyes a little. Once she was old enough to know what not to put in her mouth he would re-evaluate the conversation.
John glanced over at Sherlock, thinking about it. "When it gets old enough, I think. It'll have to be in our room until it can actually sleep through the night, though." He chuckled softly, taking another small sip of his wine. "Don't know about you, but I really don't want to be running upstairs six times a night or more."
Sherlock let out a breath, shaking his head a little. "I think I'd rather not discuss it," he said, stuffing those memories, those thoughts, down again where he had kept them for years. "There are better things that deserve our attention,
"Sherlock?" John called, getting out of the bed and padding over to the adjoined bathroom. "Love," he knocked, "are you alright?"
John smiled softly up at Sherlock, his arms instantly wrapping around his waist. "Nothing, I just..." he looked down at Katherine and then back up at Sherlock. "He's back again. And he's texting you which means he's probably planning something." He rested his forehead against Sherlock's. "I took some of that medication again, because I could feel a PTSD attack coming on, and... yeah." He shrugged, trailing his fingers along Sherlock's spine.
Maria suddenly swore, ordering a few nurses around. One of them took John by the arm, tugging him to the side and out of the room. "You need to wait, go to the nursery, we'll bring her there soon," was all she said, heading back into the room, Maria saying something about Sherlock still bleeding.
Sherlock nodded, taking John's hand from his neck. "They had to go down there too, shouldn't be much of a mark though," he said quietly. "She's laying in the other bed, hold on." he said, stepping away to perch lightly on the other bed, rubbing Katherine's shoulder.
John nodded, pulling Sherlock's shirt over his head and backing him up to the bed, pushing him gently onto it. He crawled over him, his hands braced on either side of his shoulders. Slowly and lightly, he nuzzled against Sherlock's collarbone, nipping at the skin and soothing it with his tongue afterward. "I forgot how good you tasted," John purred, pressing open-mouthed kisses down the centre of his chest.
Since death hadn't severed the bond, perhaps John had thought he was just lingering on Sherlock. Sherlock knew it had to be torture, thinking the bond was still there when he knew it shouldn't be. But John hadn't let go of it, and it had saved him, all of them. Sherlock would never have finished if he didn't have that bond. "I'm back now, forever. And we'll fix the bond again, I promise," he said. "I'm yours, and no one else's."
Sherlock sighed a little, swallowing. "I was calling you mine. And apologising, always apologising. Saying I would never leave again," he also said please several times, begging John almost, for what though he didn't know. For him to not send him away? For him to forgive him? Never let him go? He let out a breath, nuzzling against John's neck.
Wait… what did that sound like?
Sherlock sat himself on the bed, sitting Hamish down to face him, put between his legs so he didn't topple over. "Try just sitting up first Mish, you're still a few months or so away from crawling," he told the infant. He carefully let go of the pup, keeping his hands hovering nearby just in case. Hamish wobbled, then started to lean. Sherlock let him fall first so that he learned, and then helped him sit up again. He continued this, glancing up at John occasionally as he got dressed.
"You didn't sleep," John accused, having noticed the slightly pink tint to Sherlock's eyes, indicating keeping them open all night. John knew the signs; he had seen them on himself enough. "You need to. You're not healed yet."
John chuckled, crawling after Katherine and pouncing on her, rolling her over and blowing on her stomach. She laughed, the sound turning into a rich, child-like sound and not so much the baby noises she used to make. Playing with her helped him to forget the haunting memories that had been chasing him since January. They were almost gone now, though.
Sherlock sighed, standing up and walking out of the room to the kitchen, mumbling under his breath about not wanting to go to the hospital. He wasn't going to argue with John, though, because he knew he'd lose. He sank into the kitchen chair, quite not feeling like fixing, or eating anything.
John swallowed down his racing pulse, working his fingers to make his hands unclench. He wasn't mad at Sherlock, but instead at the man he was describing. He had touched Sherlock, drugged him with God knows what. "Is he dead?" John asked, because he would hunt him down and kill him himself if he had to.
John shrugged, combing his fingers idly through Sherlock's errant curls, letting himself get lost in their texture for a moment. "Whatever you see that you like. There's a large store that I know of, and I used to shop there until I started fancying jumpers." He smiled kindly at the Omega. "Anyway, they've got a large selection, a little bit of everything. We can get you some shoes and two or three outfits to start."
John closed his eyes, pressing kisses to Sherlock's face. "No. No, we won't," he agreed, taking the chicken off of Sherlock's lap and setting it on the table. "Do you want to go to bed or sleep on my lap in the chair?" he asked quietly, nuzzling against Sherlock's cheek.
Molly edged into the morgue, clearing her throat a little. Not wanting to intrude she walked over and left her lab key next to John before scurrying out.
John settled in beside Sherlock, ignoring his tea, which had gone cold anyway. "Thanks, Mum," he said quietly, knowing that the spray had come from her. He glanced at the coffee table, seeing a leather booklet with his initials stamped on the cover. He groaned, turning back to his mum. "Are you trying to embarrass me to death?"
All hands on, another factor, the numbers running in the back of Sherlock’s head already. Three months max at this point. They want to see what he can do in spur of the moment surgeries and procedures and high pressure.
"Yeah well, we do know that's true. And I'm not wishing you luck either. The John Watson I know doesn't need it," Mike said. "You just watch your arse, and do what you do best," he said. He shifted a little. "Wish I had more time mate, but I've got a short lunch today, then a meeting. You drop us a line and come see me when you get back. We'll go to a pub and get pissed," he said, clapping John on the shoulder again before leaving, paying no mind to Sherlock.
"Love you," Sherlock murmured, watching John's grip on his shirt slacken. He lay there for a while, still listening at the door, but eventually he too fell asleep again, snuggled close to John.
Sherlock finished the song, standing there for a little while looking out the window before he lowered the instrument and turned. He paused when he saw John standing there, still not used to another presence in the hall.
As soon as Sherlock felt John's arms loosen around him he leaned up and pressed a quick kiss to his lips and then rolled out of bed, walking over to Hamish. He peered in, the infant pup asleep, left fist shoved mostly into his mouth and sucking contentedly. He let out a breath, resting his hand on Hamish's stomach for a moment before reaching up and pulling his fist out of his mouth. Hamish cooed a little, shifting for a moment before instantly popping it back into his mouth. Sherlock sighed, "Going to need to get pacifiers I think," he murmured, walking back and curling back up with John.
John smiled softly up at Sherlock, leaning up to kiss him. "Alright. You should eat breakfast first, and then we can go. It'll just be a quick run. I want to spend the day with you." He stroked Sherlock's cheek gently then turned away to put some bread in the toaster. "What else would you like? Eggs, pancakes?" He looked over his shoulder at Sherlock, smiling gently.
Sherlock let out a breath, thinking. That would be best... and he could make arrangements even. He thought quickly, working it out in his head. That would work. "Bart's," he said. "View's nice this time of year," he murmured quietly.
"Christ," John panted, dropping to his elbows and resting his forehead against Sherlock's chest. He side ached after that, and each of his deep breaths didn't help, but he didn't mind too much at the moment.
John stripped out of his scrubs and gloves, signing out of the hospital and making his way across the darkened camp to the communications tent. Remembering Sherlock's last letter, he sat down at the computer and tried to write something half ways interesting.
Katherine crawled over and climbed onto her Papa's lap, nuzzling close to him.
Sherlock turned his gaze to John and felt his stomach drop. He swallowed, wetting his lips. He hesitated, his grip around John tightening for a moment. He looked at Moriarty. "What do you want?" he asked. "What is it you want with me?" He trembled slightly once, then let go of John. "Just... let him leave. And I'll go with you," he said quietly.
John smiled kindly over at him. "I was already planning on making enough for two," he replied kindly. He stepped away from the noodles, working on the simple sauce over another burner until the noodles boiled properly and he could strain them.
Sherlock settled close to John, smiling a bit. "If she needs something, I can get it for her," he murmured. "And my side is perfectly fine now." Well... fine enough. "So you are sleeping, until you wake up," he said, kissing John gently.
Sherlock tensed when he felt hands on him, wanting to pull away; he didn't like being touched. His eyes didn't focus when his head was titled up, staring straight through John, not seeing him. It was the warmth that was pressed against his lips that started to drag him out of his head, and he took a breath, which felt like the first he had taken since the door had opened.
Sherlock sighed a little, nodding in agreement to the bed idea.
It was wishful thinking; Sherlock never hoped for anything. Hope was illogical, wishing never did anything. There was just the facts, and the probability of something happening. You couldn't calculate hope, and yet, Sherlock felt himself wishing and hoping these things for John.
. A seven year old doesn’t really have a concept for the cost of school. So he made the decision soon after choosing to save lives, that he would enlist, have the army pay for his education.
Sherlock swallowed, wondering if he should mention the bullet he took from the sniper that was going to kill her son. Mindy didn't understand all the details, and she couldn't. "Yes well... I don't want him to have to do that," he said. "Fact remains, whether he puts himself there or I do, he's still put there, and it's to do with me," he said, shifting uncomfortably. He sighed, looking down.
With the skill of a man who knew where every stress-bearing muscle was, John slowly started massaging Sherlock's shoulders and back, using his thumbs to gently ease the tension from the knots that had formed.
Katherine ran over and climbed onto one of the chairs by the window, looking outside at the slush outside after casting a wave at Hank. She sighed, slumping back at the seat and swinging her boot clad feet a little. "I miss the snow." she said with a small pout, wishing it had lasted. She leaned forward on the table, resting her elbows on the surface.
pissed off Alpha on their hands." He squeezed Sherlock's hand one last time before he reached his boundary and could go no further.
John sighed, ducking his head down until his chin bumped his chest. He closed his eyes, letting out a long breath and turning around to look at Sherlock. "I know you're here," he murmured, stuffing his hands in his pockets and leaning back against the window. "I'm not trying to be difficult, I'm just... angry at the world, I guess. I was getting better and now..." He let out a long breath, his hands working into fists in his pockets. "I've never had nightmares this bad."
Sherlock, love,
Sherlock had a roll of bread in his mouth as dug out some cold cuts. "Mhuh," he hummed, setting them down on the table and making a fast sandwich, tearing into it. He walked out and sat at the end of the sofa, just on John's toes. "’m alright," he murmured, mouth full.
Sherlock pulled back and met John's gaze. "Why haven't you asked me to go before?"
Sherlock tensed a small bit as he thought back to the times before, his mind going where he didn't want it to. He was breathing heavily when he felt John stop, waiting for him, he supposed. Sherlock took a moment to bring himself back to now, not thinking about that place. Because he was with John, who was careful, and his.
Sherlock blinked. "I talk to you," he said quietly, sighing a little. "And fine, why not tell them?" he said, looking at John. "But you haven't even told them about Afghanistan so... I figured it wasn't the best idea yet," he murmured.
Sherlock slept for a few hours before shifting a little, starting to feel a bit warm again. He was always warm during his cycle, but it rose and fell, spiking every so often. A small noise escaped him then as he moved around, tangling uncomfortably in his sheet.
Sherlock knew of course that their lives would very likely become hectic again in the future but for now, he wanted this calm to last as long as it could.
Sherlock hummed, still trembling, completely manoeuvrable in John's arms. He nodded weakly, soaking up the praise that John gave him. "Hmm..." he swallowed, tipping his head back and leaning the back of it against John's shoulder, loving the kisses to his mark, feeling John confirming once more that he was his.
"But nothing did happen, right? We got back fine, we're both safe." He tucked Sherlock's head under his chin, gently rubbing his back and running his fingers along his arm. He rocked them both softly, closing his eyes. "Nothing's going to happen, alright? They would be stupid going after you. You have a brother who keeps track of you twenty-four seven, a brother-in-law who is a DI at NSY, and a bondmate who just came back from the war and doesn't blink at shooting people."
John snapped his hand up and caught them, cursing his stupidity at doing so. "I somehow keep forgetting that there's a reason I'm resting." He leant up on his elbow so that he could swallow down two pills before his lowered himself back to the mattress.
A little over a week later was the sixteenth, and Sherlock stayed in the flat. He stared at his violin, wanting nothing more than to play it, but he couldn't. He just sat there staring at it. Mycroft texted once, offering to send a car if Sherlock wanted to join him. Sherlock didn't reply.
John smiled, wondering, not for the first time, if Sherlock could read minds. "Gladly," he replied, shifting and practically lifting Sherlock onto his lap. "Never thought I'd be more comfortable holding two people," he murmured, turning his head to kiss Sherlock's temple.
(See the end of the chapter for
everywhere. "It's not okay. It's not." His voice was unstable – suitable, because he felt unstable. He barely felt Sherlock's presence behind him. "
He quickly led John into the bedroom, tugging his shirt off the rest of the way and quickly rounding on John to pull off his jumper. He put one hand over his stomach, kissing John in hopes of distracting him from it.
Sherlock sighed, closing his eyes. "Who told her it was my birthday anyway?" he asked, shaking his head. He pressed his forehead to John's chest. "What is it she wants to get me?" he asked, though knowing John he probably wouldn't tell him. "And you just got me a cottage...well, us a cottage, but still..." he said.
John smiled, glad to see Sherlock happy for once. He closed his eyes again, about to drift off when he remembered something. "Oh, right, I went to the courthouse. You're your own person, now. No one can label you anymore," he murmured.
"I've thought about that already," Sherlock murmured, and he had. John didn't know, but Sherlock could really only see a few different outcomes, and there were really only two outcomes he could live with, one of them not being possible. Moriarty was too good to let it happen. "It'll be taken care of," he said quietly. "Mycroft's actually been useful; once Moriarty shows himself, we'll have him. He will go down."
"We were in a chopper in the desert, and you looked worried but you wouldn't tell me why; you just kept saying to not look out of the window. I did anyway, and all I could see was this huge fire in the shadow of a mountain." He rested his cheek on top of Sherlock's head, shrugging. "I'm sure it's nothing, just thought I'd share."
Sherlock swallowed, looking at the two of them. He gave a small smile at John, glancing at Harry as she got up and walked past Sherlock, grinning like a Cheshire cat. He let out a breath, moving over to the sofa and sinking down onto it, not saying anything, not sure what he could say.
Sherlock nodded again; damn John's perception. "I know that, I don't want to go anywhere, I'm not planning on it at any rate," he said, glancing up at John. "I just don't want you to slip away while either of us is still here," he said. He rested his head on John's shoulder still, only getting up when he heard a knock at the door.
Katherine arranged her dolls in the house, flipping furniture over and making a mess of the house, "Look Papa, someone killed the mom and now a police man and Daddy have to figure out who did it and....and catch bad guy," she said, turning back to play some more. She liked playing detective, and had already staged a robbery in the house as well.
that Mrs Hudson had given Katherine, and she had insisted they read it nearly every day, once a day minimum. "You read Papa.... your Santa voice is best," she said, holding the book up, looking excitedly towards the chimney.
Mycroft stepped closer to the younger Holmes, his eyes narrowing slightly as he inhaled slowly, letting out the breath. “Passing by…Sherlock,” he said, eyes fixed on him. “You didn't know…did you?” he asked.
Now fully awake, John pushed out of bed and walked into the living room, grabbing Sherlock's bags and bringing them into the bedroom. While Sherlock showered, John methodically hung up the suits and dress shirts, giving Sherlock half of the closet. He also reorganised the chest of drawers, giving Sherlock the top two drawers for his clothes and taking the bottom two for himself. When he was done, he stripped out of his pyjamas and pulled on dark jeans and a jumper, heading back into the living room.
John rested his hand on Sherlock's knee, stroking up to his thigh. "It's all instinct," he assured him quietly. "And I'll be there to help, remember. You're not on your own through this, not ever."
things. He woke up slowly and then quite rapidly, the sound of bombs and the threat of a nightmare pushing him into consciousness. He groaned, rolling onto his front and burying his face in the pillow to hide from the sunlight.
"Besides, after.... after the weekend... all that, everything we did. Everything you helped me with; I... I'm glad we had that," Sherlock said, a little awkwardly – it was harder now, almost all traces of his heat gone now.
John let out a long, breathy moan, arching up against Sherlock's mouth. "Oh, bloody hell," he breathed, combing his hands through Sherlock's hair. He'd never had this done to him before, never had any attention pay to him. Sherlock was doing a damn fine job.
John chuckled, reaching down to tuck a stray strand of hair behind Kat's ear. "Really now?" he asked, resting his hand on Sherlock's leg again, staying as tucked up against him as he could. "And who do you have a crush on?" he asked, whispering so that it seemed like a secret.
John bit his lip. "That's... what I'm calling about, Harry." He closed his eyes, pressing the heel of his hand against one of them. "I don't know where they're going to put me. It sounds like they're stationing me in the hospital, yeah, but Harry, I'm a Captain. I'm going to get assigned a team, and I'm going to have to delegate their missions, and... Christ, I'm probably going to get sent of a few of them--the more dangerous ones."
A pair of hands quickly eased him back against the headboard. “I saved your life John, but if you continue trying to move about you will injure yourself further, you need time to heal,” he said quickly.
[Image attached: Photo of Sherlock's exposed belly, obviously self-taken, a small bump noticeable]
When John pulled away, Sherlock blinked, shifting over closer to John and snuggling up against him before even realising. "It's strange, normally I detest Alphas, or anyone really, touching me."
Katherine sighed, snuggling against his chest and smiling, starting to calm down a little. She leant up and pressed a kiss to his cheek. "Love you too, Papa, forevers and evers," she said, nuzzling against him. "Always," she added a moment later, not sure why, but it sounded like something to be said. "Always always always," she breathed, yawning a little.
John smiled softly. "Don't look at your feet," he instructed, setting his hand at Sherlock's waist and grabbing Sherlock's hand with his other. "Watch me, and focus on the music. What is it telling you to do?" He took a step into another move, and Sherlock followed--a little clumsily, but still.
John wanted to throw something or hit something or both. He wanted to feel pain and inflict it, but damned if he'd ever actually been able to do that when he had wanted to. He pulled Sherlock forward, wrapping him up tightly in his arms and rocking him slowly. "Shh, love, it's alright," he murmured, holding him gently, despite still seeing red. "We can fix that, too," he promised quietly, combing through Sherlock's hair.
John jumped a little at Sherlock's sudden movement, but he quickly rested a hand in his hair, combing through it gently. "No, love," he whispered sadly, pulling Sherlock up and settling him onto his lap. He wrapped his arms around his Omega, rocking them gently. "We both have lives here. We can't do that," he murmured, pressing his lips to Sherlock's forehead.
John cocked his head when Sherlock left, his brow furrowing as he tried to think through the tone he had detected in Sherlock's voice. Regret? Sorrow?
Katherine blinked a couple times, nodding. She sniffed and sat up, looking towards Hamish's crib, seeing him laying there in the dim light, sleeping and not crying. She settled back on the bed and looked back up at her Papa. "Mhm...don'want nightmares though," she said quietly, clearing her throat a little.
John hummed, pulling Sherlock up until he was lying on him, straddling his hips. "You're such a good boy," John whispered, stroking his hands down Sherlock's side, cupping his arse and squeezing. "You're
Sherlock swallowed thickly, his mouth still dry. He shook his head, pulling John's hand down and away from the scar, examining it in the dim light. He let out a breath, then leant forward without thinking, his still too-warm lips pressing to it gently.
They soaked for a little bit before the water started to get cold again and Sherlock sighed.
John’s dog tags were jostled while he changed tops, and he pulled them out of the collar of the jumper, sitting down on the bed to study them. Wincing slightly, he pulled a stack of papers from the trousers he had just taken off, looking at Sherlock's letters and finally settling on the list of names and birthdays. He wrote down the members of his team, which he hadn't yet got a chance to do, and just stared at the list.
"Oh, poor Sherlock." Jim shook his head slowly. "Don't you understand how many cases of yours I've been behind? How easy it would be for me to turn up new evidence that would make
Sherlock leant against John a little, tilting his cup up more and looking at John's mother questioningly. He looked over at John, who did look exhausted.
John sighed, the sound turning into a laugh as he pulled on his own dressing gown and returned to the kitchen. He put the noodles back on to boil and the chicken back in the oven and started making Alfredo sauce from scratch. He moved around the kitchen, starting the kettle, and glanced into the living room, smiling softly at Sherlock and Katherine. God, how he loved them both.
John smiled at Sherlock, walking up and putting the slippers on his feet. He ruffled the Omega’s hair in good nature before pushing him out of the room, past the lobby, and to the street. He hailed a passing cab that thankfully stopped for them, and helped Sherlock inside.
"That should counteract the sedative," Sherlock heard a voice say. A hand pressed to his wrist, taking his pulse. "As for the reaction to the inducer, it doesn't seem harmful, probably just needs to sleep it off. He can go home, just keep an eye on him."
The younger Holmes stepped back. “I’m not going to die, and I’m not going to become some street urchin.” His eyes eyes moving towards the house, it was far too quiet for this time of night, a stillness seemed to radiate from the house, one that made him even more uncomfortable.
Hours later a doctor moved into the waiting room with a clipboard, reading a name off it. "I'm looking for a Dr John Watson?" he asked, looking up and meeting the gaze of a blond man walking towards him.
Sherlock followed John to the circular booth and slid into it, picking up a menu and glancing over it. He reached up and gingerly touched the mark on the side of his neck. He hadn't had bandages on them for a few days now, mostly healed over though still a little bruised. He smiled softly, his stomach feeling slightly out of sorts, though he ignored that, just like he ignored the constant throb of pain in his shoulder. He just needed the edge off, and the rest he could deal with.
"Yes..." Sherlock murmured, nodding.
The alarms went off today at two thirty-four. We've been on total lock-down mode since that time, and every door has a security check. We're not allowed our guns inside the hospital--we're not allowed any weapons inside the hospital, which really pisses me off and makes me feel unsafe. They're not telling us why they sounded the sirens, but I'm assuming it's because of either a bomber or a gunman--they wouldn't do it for a loose blade.
John shrugged, indifferent. "Not hungry. I'll bring it home and eat it later." He flagged down the waitress, asking for two boxes for their sandwiches.
"Oh, don't act like eating is such a chore," John teased, nudging Sherlock before stepping around him and into the kitchen to pull out their sandwiches. "It's good for you." He set the sandwiches on the table, pouring them both glasses of milk before taking his seat.
John sighed, forcing himself to stay put, watching Sherlock from the bed. "What do you mean?" he asked, watching Sherlock curiously. "You need to calm down love. You're not making any sense."
"They can't see you," John assured him, though he was sure the Omega already knew that. "You're okay, I promise."
"’m sorry... bought a half dead Omega... boss don't do refunds," Sherlock said, eyes rolling around a little in their sockets. He swallowed, looking around the room and then up at the IV bags that he was connected to.
John rolled his eyes, nuzzling into Sherlock's scarf a little. "Yes, well, I can't shave, and the nurses haven't offered to do it for me. Was that you offering to do it?" he teased, watching Hamish suck on the bottle. "He looks like me, but he's definitely still you," he said softly. "Louder child than Kat, yeah?" he asked, smiling a little at Sherlock.
John shuddered a little. "What the hell does this guy do? Obviously he's not just in the Omega auction business; he wouldn't need a killer for that, would he?" The thought that they could be pulled into something bigger worried John immensely, and he fought to tamp down his fear.
Sherlock rested his head on John's shoulder, closing his eyes to think. "Tell me when we're there?" he murmured.
Sherlock nodded a little. "Alright," he said quietly, smiling a small bit. He pulled away, turning to head up the stairs, stepping into the living room and hanging up his coat, pulling off his scarf. He winced as one of his bandages snagged on the fabric, and he reached up, peeling it off the rest of the way.
"Sherlock... what did they do to you?" John asked quietly, afraid of the answer and afraid that he was going to go down there and kill every single one of them. "And I don't care if you're broken. I like you." He smiled, squeezing Sherlock's hand and bringing it up to his lips, kissing his knuckles. "I just want to make it better."
Sherlock hummed, leaning into John as he nodded. "I hope that you don't have to go out enough for him to die a thousand times. Hopefully only a few...none would be better." He sighed, backing John up into his chair and having him sit before climbing up into his lap. "I love you, and I will wait for you, and you'll come back to all three of us," he said quietly.
"He walked away, locked himself in the lab. He won't open the door," Molly explained, and John cursed quietly.
"Probably best to leave the rest of it," John murmured, resting his forehead on Sherlock's shoulder. "I don't want you getting sick."
"It was delicious," John said, winking over at Sherlock. He licked his lips and hummed in exaggeration until Kat laughed, and then he gave it back, ruffling her long curls.
Sherlock looked down at John's hand on his stomach, letting out a breath. He knew what John was thinking about. "Someday," he said quietly, letting out a breath.
"’m fine... really..." Sherlock said, looking at John. He took a deep breath, breathing in John’s scent and then sighing, relaxing some before he nodded again.
Sherlock nodded a small bit, pulling away for a moment to get up and set his violin on the dresser. He quickly moved back into the bed and snuggled close to John. "And you can take out my stitches... don't want anyone else doing it," he murmured, pressing a small kiss to John's chest. "And you're going to eat too... otherwise I won't," he said.
Katherine smiled, looking up at John. "I'll make Daddy happy...while Papa's gone. Then s'your job again," she offered with a small sigh, reaching over and putting her hand in one of Sherlock's open ones. Sherlock hummed a little in his sleep, his fingers closing automatically around the small hand, holding it gently.
Sherlock let out a small cry, lifting up to press down sharply on John again, rolling his hips a little. He moaned, nodding before he tilted his head back, facing upwards to the ceiling. He panted lightly, reaching down to take himself in hand, stroking upwards, though his limbs were shaking and it was difficult. He was so close...
After a little while, Sherlock stood up, moving into the living room and sitting across from John, picking up his violin and plucking at it gently. He hadn't played in a little while, and he hadn't composed in ages. Grabbing his rosin, he took up his bow, rubbing it onto it gently.
right now.
"Yeah, she... well, I've never seen her sad or unhappy in any way. She's very excited about her job, which actually worries me a little." John smiled over at Sherlock, squeezing his hand tightly. "She's nice though. She's been a good friend to me."
"That's good," Sherlock said quietly, happy for the change in topic. "As cold as he seems... Mycroft would make a good father. He raised me, after all. Not his fault I'm the way I am. You should have seen him... before they died. Ambitious and clever as always, but... he was warm. Expressive. Different. So was I, though... you brought some of me back," he said quietly.
John had never told anyone what happened to his family. As far as most people knew, John came from a traditional Alpha/Omega family. His better friends, though they knew his background, thought his family lived in the country.
John smiled back, lifting his hand to cup Sherlock's cheek. He swiftly leant over to give him a kiss before the light changed and they were moving again. He turned on the radio at some point, listening to the music in the background as they drove out of town, keeping the speed minimal on the snow-covered roads.
Sherlock smirked, "She
Sherlock woke up to the familiar motion of a vehicle, and he pulled his eyes open a little to see street lights passing. He licked his lips a little, looking around and seeing the inside of a cab.
"He's probably sent it to me by now," Sherlock said, opening his eyes and looking at John. "You don't... I don't want you to feel like you have to call her or anything, just because I got the information for you. I understand if you would rather wait," he said.
Sherlock sighed, sitting on the edge of the bed. "If you hadn't... he would have caught us both off guard," he said quietly. "And we wouldn't be here."
John looked up at a soft knock on the door, smiling as Mrs Hudson came in with a tray of soup and crackers, a teapot and a couple of mugs balanced in the centre.
Sherlock nodded a bit, then quickly sniffed as if he might have a stuffy nose. "Well I'm glad that I've got our Katty girl to take care of me," he said with a smile, clearing his throat for effect. Katherine smiled, then threw her arms around his waist. Sherlock ran his fingers through her hair gently, then nodded. "Well let's go so your brother doesn't get cold," he said, as they walked towards the road. Sherlock hailed a cab and slid in, Katherine settling next to him this time, obviously not sulking anymore about him raising his voice at her.
Sherlock blinked, and what... he wasn't a normal person?
John’s alarm went off at five the next morning, which was way too damn early in his opinion. Groaning, he rolled over, flipping the switch that shut it off and pushing himself immediately out of bed. He knew that if he looked back at Sherlock, all he was going to want to do was stay in bed with him, but that wouldn't do. So he padded blearily into the bathroom, starting up the shower and stepping inside once it was warm.
John left the bathroom and took Sherlock's hand, leading him down the stairs and into the living room, where his mum was seated in a chair and Harry was sprawled out on the sofa.
Sherlock let out a breath. "Perhaps... but can we still go out tomorrow? Do something at least; you can maybe… show me the lab. We can do something else, too, maybe," he said, not sure what it was people did really.
"When was the last time he ate?" John asked, gently moving Hamish's fist out of his mouth so that he could fit the plastic nipple between his lips. "We need to work on your manners," he whispered to the pup, bending down to lightly kiss his forehead. He glanced up at the clock, furrowing his brow and trying to remember what time it had been when he had fallen asleep. "When's Kat coming?" he asked.
Humming, Sherlock leaned into the kiss, holding Hamish on his lap still. He smiled a little, about to respond when the infant started flailing his fists, demanding attention. "Hey...Misha, you settle down now," he scolded lightly, a smile on his face all the while. His attention moved back to John, "Thank you. I'm just glad I....we get to have you here for it," he said quietly, looking down at Hamish as he laid him on his back between his legs. He smiled down at him, tickling his stomach.
Sherlock moved his hands from his face when John's hand cupped his cheek and he looked up at him a moment later, his eyes a bit red. He nodded. It would be okay. John would come back; he'd have to believe that. And Mindy was kind and loving, she would be the next best person he could have there if he couldn't have John. "I know," he said quietly, looking down towards his stomach, John's arms wrapped around him. "I know..." he repeated softly.
"Why can't we both sleep?" he murmured quietly, his hand still resting atop of Hamish. "He's not going anywhere. And I could easily rest here...if you were too." He tilted his head up a bit to look at John.
Aaaaand I'm back. Or trying to be. On summer break now, but amazingly, life didn't get easier. Which means I have to acknowledge that my trouble doing things I enjoy...or things in general, wasn't just stress related. Anyway, new ch
John laughed, poking Katherine's side again as he grabbed his wallet and went downstairs to get their food. He quickly trotted back upstairs, setting the bag on the table and getting out plates and forks for them both. "Come sit down," he called, dishing her chicken out onto her plate and dumping his low mein and broccoli onto his own.
Sherlock shook his head. "Isn't it normal to want to see someone after they'd been taken away?" he asked, shrugging. "Even my brother came and saw me, and that's saying something. Granted I was unconscious, but still," he said. "It's your choice, see her, don't see her, I don't care," he said. "I just wanted them found for you," he said, nodding at the waitress when she brought by their sandwiches.
John nodded, managing a weak, "Good," before he threw up again. Now he was getting down to clearer fluid, and the taste was more acrid in his mouth, but his body was refusing to give up. "Katherine was done by this point, wasn't she?" he asked quietly, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand and flushing the toilet. He shivered, his muscles tightening further. He wasn't sure if the cool cloth was helping or hurting at this point, though his medical knowledge told him that it would be helping.
"Wouldn't dream of it," John assured him, rising to his feet and pulling Sherlock with him.
John paused his daily walk down the hall to turn to an orderly. "Thanks," he murmured, taking the letter and walking back to his room. He sat down heavily on his bed, rubbing his leg as he looked at the envelope. When he saw who it was from, he ripped it open.
Sherlock smiled at her, then looking at John. "Are you sure? I... where is it?" he asked.
"Sure, you
Sherlock stood up, glancing at the stone again, and then down once more, letting John lead him away. He felt numb, physically from the cold, emotionally from everything else. He sniffed a little, blinking a couple times.
John looked at the photo, recognising it immediately. He rolled onto his side, snuggling up against Sherlock. "I love you," he murmured, closing his eyes. He tangled their legs together before he could drift off to sleep, making sure that Sherlock wasn't going anywhere. "Try to sleep," he whispered, before finally falling asleep.
Sherlock wrapped his arms around himself, shrugging a little. "You haven't seen me fully undressed since a couple weeks before she was born," he mumbled. He'd started doing some exercises to try and firm his stomach up a little since he'd been approved to. His stomach was all loose; he didn't like it.
"Yeah, probably." John moved on the bed until he was spooned up behind Sherlock, his arm wrapped loosely around his waist, his hand pressed to his chest. "Sleep, then," he murmured, gently kissing the back of Sherlock's neck, indecently happy that Sherlock smelled like himself again.
"A bomb went off across the street from my brother's flat.. you don't think I'd investigate, especially after he's been threatened?" Mycroft pulled out an envelope, already opened. "This was in a strong box, addressed to my brother," he said, reaching in and pulling out a watch that was cracked. "This... was our fathers. It was believed to have been lost in the accident, as it wasn't on his person when... when they were recovered," he said, faltering slightly.
With a soft sigh, John slowly did up Sherlock's shoes, trailing his fingertips over his ankles and up to his calves while he did it, trying to get the Omega to stop feeling so self-conscious and helpless.
Mindy looked up at Sherlock, hearing the hesitancy in his voice. "What is it, child?" She took in the mask he had put on, the pain and fear she could see through it in the tremble of his leg, the stiffness of his back, and the clench of his hands. "Why are you so afraid? And don't lie, please. Save us the trouble."
Sherlock jumped a little bit when she snipped at the first stitch. "Ah!" he hissed a little in pain, more sensitive as he was in the middle of a heat. He looked over at John a moment, then looked down. "I don't... feel right," he said. "It's supposed to not be hard now. I don't feel right," he said, trying to cover his wound again, not wanting the stitches touched again, despite already having a few already cut off, and it was no doubt bleeding again.
"Strong little one, aren't you?" John murmured, rubbing his hand softly over Sherlock's swelling stomach.
"Just wait... you'll see," Sherlock murmured. He didn't eat from his plate, rather just took a bit of breadstick and shredded it while they sat, John still eating.
Sherlock let out a breath, hoping it wouldn't be too late. He looked up at Katherine, "That was about your papa...he's going to come home soon Katty. But in the meantime, you have to eat sweetheart," he said softly.
Sherlock nodded, tugging on his own pair of shoes, though it was getting harder and harder to do up his own laces, and some days it didn't even feel like his shoes fit right. He stood up, taking John's hand and walking out to their coats, shrugging his on and handing John's over. "It'll be okay," he said, looking at John. He swallowed, looking down. "As hard as... that was yesterday I... I feel better for it. And at least you haven't put it off five years. It only gets worse."
Sherlock looked over at the hand, waiting a moment before reaching out and taking it. "Sure. You mean where one might have gone for lunch if he ever decided to take one," he said with a small smirk. He felt something in his chest warm a bit when John said he wanted to spend time with him, and he smiled.
"Oh, love," John breathed, cradling Sherlock's head against his shoulder. "I forgive you," he murmured, brushing his lips against Sherlock's temple. "And yes, I'm yours and you're mine and nothing is ever going to change that."
"That's just great Katty, I'm sure they'll appreciate that," he said, picking her up onto his lap and rubbing her stomach gently, sneakily trying to soothe her a bit, get her asleep.
Katherine took hold of John's hand and squealed as she shook it. "Fu!" she said gleefully, mimicking sounds as she often liked to do. "Fu! Fu! Fu! Uck!" she squealed, bouncing in her high chair.
"Can't really go to bed now, can I? Need to watch her," he said quietly, happy for the excuse. "Love you," he said.
He shook his head. "No.... Never. Never again. I promise," he said softly, reaching up tentatively and touching one of Katherine's soft curls.
nice to meet them, odd as it was. He did like it, and John's mother intrigued him. She knew things, and was very perceptive.
John’s side was starting to hurt again as he held Sherlock against the wall, but he didn't care. "You're not doing this alone. Partners, remember?"
John smiled, running his fingers lightly over Sherlock's cheek and into his hair. "That's a lovely name," he whispered, brushing his lips across Sherlock's forehead. "How about Katherine Nichole?" He ducked his head, picking at the bed sheet. "Nichole was my other baby sister. Harry doesn't remember her, and Mum and Dad wanted to keep it that way. She died when she was young from pneumonia." He glanced back up at Sherlock. "Seems like bad luck to name her after a girl who died young, but..." he shrugged, not knowing what else to say.
Maria came back in, looking at the two of them. "Back on your back love, need to check again," she said.
"Well, alcohol and drugs should be fairly obvious. Aside from that, nothing that you consume is really going to harm her." He paused to take a small bite of the pasta. "But, as the pregnancy continues, you're probably going to develop... bad tastes? I don't know, but your body is going to start rejecting certain foods like they're poison." He set his free hand on Sherlock's knee, looking over at him reassuringly.
Sherlock nodded a little, letting John get up and move to the bathroom, hearing him retch. He let out a breath, waiting patiently for him to finish so he could hold him again. It was odd, him holding John. Still nice, if different. But John needed it this time.
I don't want the details...well I do, but I don't think I could stand them. I just know what I see on the news, and I pray...I pray John, that it's not you. I don't even know who I'm praying to...but I just hope someone hears it I guess. You've reduced me to someone who's bordering on desperate spiritualism. Me. I miss Katty, I miss you. Perhaps I should have gone along but then I wouldn't have my email, my phone doesn't work out there.
John raised his eyebrows at the mention of what Mycroft had done, but he didn't argue with it. "I suppose you'll have to tell him thanks for me." He stroked his fingers through Sherlock's hair, trying to commit its texture to memory. "And I thought you hated hospitals. You sure you want to be stuck inside one for a good hour or two?"
"And you will be," Sherlock murmured quietly. He sat up a little, shifting a little uncomfortably. He set down the boxes and shrugged off his coat, feeling too warm suddenly. He sighed, and cracked the window of the cab. "It feel warm to you?" he asked, looking at John and giving his hand a small squeeze.
"May as well take Hamish with you," John said, handing their son over. "He's going to fall asleep again soon. Just put him in the rocker and he'll pass out," he said quietly, able to see that Sherlock needed some space. "I'll just make some tea and go lie down in bed then, yeah?" he murmured, rubbing the inside of his arm without thinking about it and walking over to the kettle on the counter.
. "She's got Mycroft and Lestrade. She'll... she'll be alright."
A few minutes later, John heard the bed sheets rustle, and he pushed himself up, padding into the bedroom with a soft knock on the door.
Sherlock knew John slipped between the mind sets, and from the prospective of himself... as John, he might not want to do some things. But as a doctor... perhaps he could see it differently?
Sherlock heard the shower turned on, and rolled onto his back, looking at the ceiling. He looked towards the bathroom door again, then rolled over, trying to fall back asleep, but all he could do was focus on the sound of the water pouring in the next room.
John sighed and nodded, knowing Sherlock was right. "Yeah, it'll all be fine," he murmured, thinking of stray bullets and unseen enemies, but he didn't mention that.
John's chest constricted, and he pressed his lips to Sherlock's forehead, closing his eyes tightly. "I'm going to miss you too," he breathed, turning his hand over so that he could link their fingers together. "I'm going to miss you so much. But I'm coming back. Of course I'm coming back." He drew away, carding his fingers through Sherlock's hair. "We'll be okay."
John didn't even feel the injection, but he recognised the change in his sleep patterns.
"Follow me," the doctor said, leading John down the hall. "He's doing well, the procedure went well, not too invasive," he said, looking at John. "Bit young aren't you? If you don't mind my asking. Still doing your residency? I feel as though I might have seen you around the hospital," he said, noting the younger man's anxiety.
Katherine looked up at John, blinking a few times. "I'm fine, Papa," she said. She sniffed a little, rubbing her nose. She sneezed, looking down at Regina. "Said that… that don’ have a daddy," she said.
John raised his eyebrows but didn't say anything, sliding across the seat and hooking his arm through Sherlock's and resting his head on his shoulder. He laced their fingers together, stroking his thumb over Sherlock's knuckles. "Thank you for coming with me," he murmured.
John wrapped his arms around his daughter's small body, holding her close and nuzzling into her hair. "I know, sweetheart," he said quietly, rubbing her back slowly. "But I have to go. And I'll be back before you know it, I promise. Now come on, let's get dressed," he urged, leaning back and kissing her forehead before stepping away to her chest of drawers and picking out a warm outfit for her. "Here, Katty," he murmured, helping her out of her nightie and into the jumper and warm trousers he had picked out.
Sherlock curled more into John's pillow, which smelled more like himself now than it did John, much to his dismay, he hadn't sprayed it yet. "I worry about you...when you so much as go to work, or buy milk," he said flatly, I would worry even if you were in hospitals over there but now...they'll only call you back when it's the worst, and you...you barely came back last time," he said, voice breaking.
Sherlock blinked his eyes awake when John's alarm went off. He let out a breath, getting up to get some water and take another pain pill, though he didn't hurt as much today.
Sherlock smiled in victory, looking out the window with a grin. "Perhaps then... I might try it sometime," he said, smirking.
"No!" he snapped, not wanting to listen. He didn't want to listen to anything John had to say about him dying. "You're not going to die!" he said, trying to keep his voice firm, he wanted to be angry dammit. He was tired of being sad about it, and as he couldn't be happy about this situation, by god he would be angry. "You leave us and we will have nothing!"
John looked over at the wall, his eyes unfocused as he ate mechanically, not really tasting the food.
Sherlock settled back into the sofa, sinking into it slightly, Katherine still tucked in his arm. She cooed a little, waving her fists in the air as she woke up, demanding at the ceiling it seemed, that she be picked up. She fussed lightly when this didn't happen right away, which caused Sherlock to stir.
John couldn't answer for a long while, trying to stop his panic attack before it fully set in. "They're making me go back," he said, after nearly five minutes had passed. "They're calling me back to service." He clung to Sherlock's shirt, more tears falling from his eyes as he buried his face in Sherlock's shoulder.
-----------------------------------------------------------
Ignoring hospital procedure and rules, John toed off his shoes and climbed into the bed behind Sherlock, having no wires or tubes to avoid on this side, and wrapped his arm around Sherlock. He pressed his hand against his chest, kissing the back of his neck gently. "It's alright, sweetheart. It's okay," he murmured, rocking him gently.
John smiled softly, taking a seat in his chair. He scrubbed a hand through his hair, knowing that it would have to cut again. He didn't want it to be; he liked it long. "Sherlock," John whispered, crooking his finger when his mate looked up, inviting him onto his lap. Sherlock smiled at John's invitation, not wanting to have to be asked. He knew it was hard for John, it was for him to though, as soon as John let go of him it was worse. He kissed Katherine's hair again and stood up, walking over to settle himself on John's lap, resting his head on his shoulder with a small sigh, making sure each breath he took was with John's scent. John hummed quietly, resting his head against Sherlock's. He wrapped his arms around Sherlock's waist, holding him close and rocking him gently. "I love you," he whispered, closing his eyes and nuzzling into Sherlock's hair. "So very much."
Sherlock smiled a little, smoothing down the front of his shirt slightly. "And the knit suits you more and more, though admittedly perhaps I'm just acclimatising to it," he said with a small smile.
"I'm technically in my fourth year of school," John replied, following the doctor. "Got ahead of my class a bit and skipped a year, so they threw me into some practice at the hospital."
Sherlock swallowed, sighing a little. "What did he say to you?" he asked. "I know he would have been in the hospital. They wouldn't have put me in a private room for passing out like I did unless he had some say so."
Katherine wailed again, and John reached out to soothe her. Maria looked over at Sherlock gently, used to dealing with nervous parents. "Well, like I said, we could wait. But, honestly, if it is a bladder infection, she probably won't be
"I'm going to go lie down for an hour or so. You're welcome to join me, if you'd like. But you can stay out here, too. Whichever you like." John pushed off from the couch, carding his fingers again through Sherlock's hair before walking into the bedroom.
They’d only just decided to try selling him a couple months ago, having got bored of him, he supposed. The runners of the auction house moved about a bit, and liked having younger Omegas around.
. I don't give a damn what the case is or how much danger I'm going to be in. Together or not at all."
A strangled cry escaped Sherlock when John shook him, and he recoiled a bit, trying to curl away from John.
Sherlock smiled a little, though it was hardly noticeable. He watched John as the man in turn watched outside, staying quiet.
A week passed, and Sherlock felt like he was going mad. He heard nothing, and still spent most of his time in the flat. Lestrade finally showed up, though, and made him come along to a crime scene. It was intriguing, he supposed, and even caught his attention some.
ate, even. And if you worry so much about my weight then know that I will only eat when you do from now on for the rest of the week," he said. "We'll see whose resolve wears down first."
John sighed softly, glancing at Sherlock's pocket and the ringing phone in it. It took him a moment – remembering Christmas and Sherlock's birthday – to recall that it was the sixteenth today. He mentally cursed himself, bringing out his phone and texting Harry that they weren't going, that he would call and explain later.
"Shut up, no you're not!" Sherlock said, hauling John up and into a kitchen chair. He looked him over, quickly getting some disinfectant for John's arm and wrapping it. Superficial cut, he knew, but the panic was still there.
"John," Sherlock called tentatively down the hall.
Sherlock stood up and moved over to the stove. He looked at the spoon John used to stir and lifted it to taste. "It's good," he said with a nod.  "And I don't think I have to cook for you, I just felt you did more today," he said.
"You're leaving John, I give it two months based on what I've observed," Sherlock said, turning his attention back to the violin. "I am excited for you, truly. You've worked hard for this, and have planned for it for a long time."
John glanced up at the Omega, wrapping his arm around his waist. "Are you alright?" he asked, checking his watch and heading down a different hallway.
children. He had to know they were safe, then he could focus on other things. But until he saw them, he couldn't talk himself down.
"Is it?" he said with a smile. "I might never have deduced so much, thank you, Katherine," he said, helping her out of her coat and scarf.
Sherlock's brow furrowed a little, and a soft whimper rose from him. His face smoothed out after a moment and he hummed a little, his hand moving up into John's hair. He swallowed, settling a bit.
Sherlock couldn't help the tensing, as much as he tried not to. He swallowed, holding onto John's hand. He let out a breath, turning his head towards where the pillow was that John had used the night before. He hummed softly, able to also pick up on the scent rolling off of John now.
John hummed at the touch, melting into it even though his instinct was to flee and hide away. "No, no. I think just... colours. You and I should pick the colours, and then we can leave everything else up to Mum and Mrs. H," he said quietly, leaning over to press a kiss to Sherlock's lips. "We won't have to worry about much."
"You knew you'd be going and would have been fine going if not for leaving me but... it's fine. I'm not going anywhere, so... so please don't be so worried?" Sherlock asked.
, he reminded himself, for probably the fiftieth time.
Katherine rubbed her nose a little, then shook her head. "Mmnot tired," she said quietly, suppressing a yawn. She shifted on the bed a little, which caused Sherlock to stir, though he didn't wake.
"Stop," Sherlock mumbled, touching John's tattoo again. "This is the first time...I've actually been able to see you, really see you. Since you got back...it's like you hide from me or something," he said, closing his eyes. God he was spent...and he knew there was likely another wave or two, but for now he felt nice, though there was still the ache, feeling something not there, not right. He realized though that it was Hamish's bed...it was too quiet. "We need...to bring down that crib," he mumbled.
John made a displeased sound, meeting Sherlock's gaze and reaching out for his hand. "Take my gun with you," he murmured, no room for argument in his gaze or expression. "Anyone comes at you, I want you to shoot first and ask questions later."
Sherlock’s eyes blinked rapidly, looking at her still. He took a breath, everything still seeming slowed down. He heard her fussing cease and she looked up at him with large, blue eyes, though her face was still scrunched with displeasure at being thrust out into the cold. Sherlock ran one finger slowly down her face, looking at one of her tiny hands, her fingers closing tightly around one of his. A tired smile pulled at his face. "Bout time you got here," he said, still catching his breath.
She sniffled, and Sherlock felt his heart rip out of his chest, still not able to breathe right. He looked back at John. "I...I..." he'd forgotten how to breathe this time, picturing John in that place again, and he blacked out, knees giving out as he fell unconscious, not hearing the scared scream Katherine let out.
John hummed happily, leaning his head against Sherlock's.
John found his hands cupping Sherlock's face again, staring at him steadily. "You're a genius, Sherlock, but sometimes you can be a little dense." He stroked his thumbs over Sherlock's cheekbones, smiling kindly at him. "Of course I want this. Why the hell would I be mad at you?"
Sherlock smiled, happy that John would want him. He leant into John's hand a little with a soft sigh, but he stood up, following John down into the room.
Sherlock didn't want to relinquish her, everything in him telling him not to. Something was wrong, he had to keep her safe. He watched John carry her into the bathroom where her screeching cries echoed more. He blinked, shaking himself awake more and walking in after them. "What are you doing?" he asked, just wanting to hold her again.
Sherlock leant into the kiss a little, hands at the base of John's head. He pressed his forehead against John's, letting out a breath. "You're welcome, John," he said, shifting a small bit on his lap. "I already fixed your leg... just working on the rest," he said quietly, tugging John's jumper down a little to press another kiss to his scar.
"Thanks," John murmured, taking the gun from Mycroft when he returned. He stared at the note in his hands, his eyes flickering over the words that were written on the paper when it was handed over to him. He sighed, looking up at Mycroft and then over at Lestrade. "I'm going to go be with him," he said as a way of excusing himself, and he crossed from the living room and into the bedroom, shutting the door behind himself.
John stopped, just this side of the first row of security. "I promise," he whispered, hesitating for a moment before throwing his arms around Sherlock's neck and burying his face in the crook of his neck. A dry sob choked him, and he clung tighter to Sherlock. "I love you," he whispered, over and over until the words mixed together and he could no longer understand them. He buried his fingers in Sherlock's hair, needing to feel it one last time before he left.
Sherlock leant his head up, kissing John hesitantly, carefully as if he might be scolded and told off for it.
"Christ, I know I do," John murmured, tightening his hold on Sherlock. "But I don't have a magical way of falling asleep, and I don't want to sleep if I'm going to dream. I don't..." he took a deep breath and closed his eyes. "I don't want to hurt you or Katherine. You took away my gun, but I've still got a knife, and even if I didn't, I know twelve different ways to kill someone with just my hands." He bit his lip hard enough to make it bleed, shaking his head.
John hummed quietly. "Can't wait. Though we probably won't be doing much more than we are now. It'll just be in our own bed."
"S’okay, John... S'fine... home now," Sherlock murmured drowsily, too tired to notice that he could pick up a little on John's scent now, slightly.
Sherlock pulled on some clothes, not wanting to get dressed at all, but he wouldn't let John out of his sight, not even to just go to his mother's. "I'm fine...I'll just sick it up anyway," he mumbled quietly, running a comb through his hair quickly and turning to glance at John. "Erm...going to get Katty dressed," he murmured, starting from the room.
"I've missed you, too," John whispered. He hummed quietly. "If you're worried about Dr. Chase visiting, he and I had already planned out that that would be his last meet with me after giving me a month or two alone," he said, smiling reassuringly at Sherlock.
John listened to Kat talk aimlessly on, restating over and over how old she was, and things she had done. When she had finally settled down, he told her how proud he was of her and how amazing it was that she was four years old. Then he turned to Sherlock, smiling sadly when his mate said his name so softly. "Sherlock," he whispered, wishing he could reach out and touch him, hold him, press his hand over the bump of his belly. Maybe this had been a stupid idea. Maybe this would be more pain than it was worth.
Sherlock sighed, watching John walk out of the room and following a bit behind, lingering in the hallway.
Sherlock sat at the table, next to John rather than across from him. He didn't feel hungry at all, but he glanced at John, seeing him eating, and knew he had to keep up his part. He cut into the pancakes and started eating them slowly, as well as some banana. He swallowed, glancing at John occasionally, before his eyes moved back to his plate.
John nodded, tucking Sherlock's head against his shoulder and resting his cheek on his hair. "No, he didn't come. I don't know why. Perhaps he knew that I was pissed off at him and worried about you and I probably would have killed him," he murmured, only half joking. He sighed, running his hand over Sherlock's upper arm.
John smiled gently, nodding his head slightly. "Yes, I can understand that. I don't particularly want to deal with him either. When do you think he'll leave?"
--------------------------------------------------------
Sherlock leant back in the booth, picking a little at his healing scabs on his wrist as he thought.
Maria looked back at Sherlock, pulling up the chair. "What's on your mind?" she asked.
"Wait, no, hang on." John held up his hand, turning to stare at his ringing phone. "What are we doing? Did I just text a murderer?" The ringing stopped and John looked at Sherlock, his eyes raised. "Why couldn't you use your phone?"
Sherlock would have Mycroft's men drag him home if he had to. In the meantime he picked up all the pills, taking a few to start analysing and tucking the rest away safely.
"I have something to show you," Maria said once she was satisfied, walking over to grab up the folder.
shot and almost didn't make it home to tell the tale.
Sherlock waited a moment as John fell, and then knelt next to him, his arms wrapping around John as he rested his head on his upper back. "Yes John... they're gone,” he said, because John needed to hear it. Not so he could feel guilty, but so he could face that fact. The sooner he did, the sooner he could move on. "But you're not... and that's okay. That's what war is, and as much as we hate it, what happened, happened... no one can or could have changed it."
"How strong?" John asked, looking up at Sherlock. The emotions that ranged across Sherlock's face told John all he needed to know before the Omega even answered. "Sherlock! Why?" he demanded, pushing up onto his elbow to look down at him.
John stared at Sherlock numbly, not sure how much he was really taking in at the moment.
“John, she’ll be fine. I’m O positive. I can give her some if need be.” He smoothed down John’s hair. “As someone who spent years suppressing any semblance of emotion, I’m advising you to let this out John, you can. Don’t bottle it up. She’s a strong woman, you got it from her. She’ll survive this John,” he said, kissing his mate’s temple.
"Oh, that's very nice," Molly said with a smile, scooping Katherine up into her arms. "I know you're Papa's sick, that's why you've got to spend some time with me tonight," she said, walking over to grab Katherine's bag. "I'll bring her by in the morning when I come to work then, that alright?" she asked, pausing at the door.
"To your sister's then?" Sherlock asked, walking a little quicker now, not wanting to be there.
Sherlock recoiled from the harshness in John's voice. "Would you prefer I care about you less?" he asked quietly. "Because I assure you, I've never found anything I cared about as much as you," he whispered.
The transition back had been hard, one of the paparazzi getting into Katherine's face on her way to day care. John had punched them, which made Sherlock smile. They had decided a good day care before Katherine started school was best.
“Do you understand the amount of work that requires?” Sherlock said. “
"I'm really glad you're okay," John murmured, nuzzling against Sherlock's hair. "I don't know what I'd do if you..." He cut himself off, not wanting to think about it.
Sherlock elbowed John lightly with a small laugh, climbing out of the car and moving up the stairs with John. The smell of Chinese food was in the flat and he moved towards the bag, opening it up. "Disregard my previous statement, Mrs Hudson is the resident saint of this flat," he said, tearing into the box of spring rolls and falling back onto the sofa, cradling the box in his lap.
Sherlock shook his head. "N-no, I'm fine," he said, lowering his hand and swallowing.
John watched Sherlock's pacing, trying not to look amused by his grumbling. "She'll be good," he said, as if he could actually predict such things.
Sherlock looked down at his stomach, about to ask what John meant when he remembered, his heat. He'd almost forgotten about that, about what they decided. He looked back up at John, "Do you mean to ask if I physically feel okay, or do I feel okay about what we discussed?" he asked, pretty sure he meant the latter. "I am... okay. With it, yes," he said, looking down at Hamish. The infant pushed himself up with his arms and lowered himself again, effectively wiggling to inch a bit closer to one of the toys, grabbing it and bringing it directly to his mouth.
He pushed open the door slowly, walking over and setting the mugs down on the nightstand closest to Sherlock. "Come on, let's get you sitting up," he said quietly, smiling down at Katherine as he helped Sherlock sit up, placing pillows under his back to support him before he handed off his tea. "Katty and I can run down and get you some pain medicine later," he said, taking her hand and walking over to the other side of the bed to sit down with her.
Sherlock looked up when he smelled coffee, and stepped into the kitchen, leaning against the counter opposite John as he drummed his fingers on his arm. He let out a breath. "Half wish it was still my cycle... would have the distraction at least, hard to think when that happens," he said, thinking about another thing that made him stop thinking. He shook his head, scratching his arm.
John smiled at her. "Love you too, Mum."
The auction house was empty, tape wrapped around it marking it as a crime scene. Sherlock stepped inside, walking down to the stage he'd been standing on almost a year ago, running his hand along it.
Mindy led the way upstairs, walking over to a small office where she had been keeping the presents. She paused when she was inside, turning to face Sherlock. Her eyes skimmed his face, taking in everything, before she spoke. "You know, it was an idiotic thing to do," she said quietly.
"I'll just make a mess," he said, knowing soon enough that would happen, and then what would John do? He looked at him; he was going to make John uncomfortable too, there wasn't any point in them both suffering. "I can... send for Mycroft... he'd send a car to pick me up, I don't want... I don't want you uncomfortable, John. I'm sorry. I'm ruining everything," he said.
John nodded, nibbling and licking up Sherlock's neck. "I love you, Sherlock. I love you so much," he whispered, nipping at Sherlock's earlobe and then nuzzling against his hair.
"John," she said, handing one of the smocks to him. "Okay Sherlock, we're going to get you situated," she said, as they started to adjust the bed, folding down the bottom of it, a pair of stirrups being brought up.
Sherlock looked down at his stomach again. "You call it a hardship... makes it sound like it's going to be horrible," he said, furrowing his brows a little. He scooped up a large forkful of pasta and shoved it in his mouth, swallowing it without chewing much.
Sherlock looked down at the ratty shirt he was wearing then shrugged a little. "I'd have to get dressed first..." he said, looking up at John. "You don't have to rush for anyone," he reminded John. "If you'd rather wait... until you're more comfortable."
Sherlock blinked a couple times. "I don't need to be sure; I know it's right," he said.
"Did Mycroft drop off those sleeping pills?" he asked, kissing Sherlock's forehead.
Sherlock looked over at her, narrowing his eyes a little as he watched her. "How did..." he didn't even ask – was that how it felt? When someone just knew something? Not that she just knew it, she observed.  It was odd, being on the other side of things. He looked down at his hands. "I don't blame myself," he murmured quietly.
John ignored the slight temptation of food, crossing into the living room and sitting down in his chair across from Sherlock.
, Sherlock. I don't need to sleep; I already got three hours today. That's plenty for me." He laid down on his back right away, but that just didn't quite work right, so he rolled onto his side, curling up against Sherlock. He watched Katherine waving her fist again, staring up at Sherlock and then turning her head to look elsewhere in the room.
John buried his face in the crook of Sherlock's neck, inhaling his scent deeply and shaking as he exhaled. "I'm going to miss you. I'm going to miss you so so much," he gasped, his arms wrapped tightly around Sherlock's waist and clinging to him, rocking him gently. "You have to promise me, promise me, to tell me about everything. Every stupid little thing that happens to you, I want to know, alright? You have to tell me all of it."
"Do you think... it would be advantageous to... to see someone about that? Counsellor or whatever it is people do?" Sherlock asked quietly, not wanting to push John.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “I have told you already, or has the blood loss and malnutrition made you lose your grasp on English? It will heal the bites that have been neglected and left to fester on you, as well as help your body replenish the blood you lost,” he said. “These are good things, which as a doctor you should both appreciate and understand." The man looked at him, stunned.
__________________________________
John shrugged, taking Sherlock's hand and soothing his thumb over his knuckles. "Food, mostly. They get hungry at night, too. And then to change them every so often."
At some point in the evening the next day, Sherlock fished out the other half of John's sandwich that he didn't eat, and forced himself to eat it, and then checked his phone. Mycroft, oozing with annoying 'concern' as ever. He didn't reply, finally going back to the bedroom and sprawling on the bed, looking at his violin across the room. He fell, finally – after almost forty-eight hours of not doing so – into an uneasy sleep.
John nodded, resting his forehead on Sherlock's shoulder. "They said something about training, which is why they're sending me out earlier. To be honest, as soon as they said I was leaving earlier, I wasn't really able to focus." He drew in a long breath and slowly let it out, rubbing his fingers in slow circles over Sherlock's back. "I thought I had all this time with you, and now it's not even twenty-four hours."
to let go of his time in Afghanistan, and that part of him was sickly enjoying these nightmares and flashbacks. "Sherlock, I... what if I can't let them go?" he whispered, glancing down at him and then away.
Sherlock shook his head, walking into the kitchen and eyeing the paper bag in the fridge, thankful he'd remembered to cover it up. He leant against the counter, watching John work.
"Is he done, then? Can we go back home?" John asked Lestrade, still determined to ignore Mycroft, hoping that he wouldn't bring up the conversation they'd had at the hospital. He wasn't sure that Sherlock was ready to make that decision right now.
John closed his eyes, swallowing thickly. "Good. I would be highly upset with you if you did," he murmured teasingly, nudging Sherlock in the side. He leant up to press a quick kiss to Sherlock's neck before he settled down again.
He sighed; the Holmes' were confusing.
Hey Lovelies! So we're getting close (ish?) to the end of this part of "Always" and we've got an announcement. Due to the sheer size of this fic and the fact that we're both busy with school and work, etc...
"As long as you're sleeping," Sherlock murmured when John fell asleep. He waited a moment before sitting up, checking the gun again and then setting it under his pillow. The safety was on, and he was more on John's pillow than anything else.
"Don't be an idiot," John chided softly, taking a sip of the tea and glancing over at Sherlock. He looked over at Katherine and gave her a small smile and a wink before reaching over and grabbing Sherlock's chin gently with two fingers, forcing their eyes to meet. He didn't bother hiding the pain or the sorrow or the fear there, but he also didn't shove down the tremendous love that he still had for Sherlock.
"She didn't scar you with any embarrassing childhood stories, did she?" John asked Sherlock, nudging him in the elbow and giving him a small but warm smile. He took a sip of his tea, the hot liquid warming him thoroughly.
John looked up, seeing the operation doors at the end of the hall. "I promise that nothing will happen. If something goes wrong, they're going to have a
"Not for the rest of our lives, we can't," John murmured, his voice dropping into a seductive purr. "God, I love your hair." He ran his nose through the heavy, silky curls, wrapping his fingers through a few stray strands at the back of his head.
A couple hours later, Sherlock curled a little tighter, a whimper coming from him. His face was pinched, his breathing a little irregular, small noises coming from him as he slept.
Sherlock sighed, moving into the bedroom to take his pill and then returned to the living room. He saw a television, though had no desire to watch anything, not that he ever really had before. Seeing a radio, he turned it on, finding a classical station. He shut his eyes as a familiar piece came on.
Sherlock blinked a few times, looking at the roll in his hands. Katherine looked at Sherlock, as if wondering what he did to have Papa use his 'doctor' voice at him. She finished her crackers, drinking down some water from her glass. "Papa, can watch telly now?" she asked quietly.
Weeks passed: Sugilite in one of his shoes left in the living room. Lapis Lazuli in the shower next to his shampoo. Malachite on the mantel by the skull. Yellow Turquoise, Obsidian, Russian Jade.
John smiled, leaning over against Sherlock's side. "You're rather fond of her," he said softly, pressing a soft kiss to Sherlock's jaw. "I'm glad; she's a good influence." He ran his fingers softly down the side of Kat's face, watching her sleep.
Mycroft is irritating me to no end, insisting that he's unable to do anything, especially when you've only just got where you are. Perhaps after a month or so I can try again. I don't care what you say, I'm still trying to bring you home, or at least get you somewhere safer. Surely, can't you just do something that would get you discharged that doesn't involve you getting hurt? Took Katherine to the zoo, trying to engage her as you said. Seemed to help I think, and she's already got dozens of pictures for you. I've explained though that we can only fit so many of them in a letter so she is sending along her favorite animals that she saw at the zoo. She won't tell me what they are, insisting that they are 'for Papa only'. Not even four yet and she's already keeping secrets from me. Please stay safe. Katty is itching to skype with you, keeps talking about it and has asked me to remind you again that we need to do so, and that she is being good for me.
"Stop that," John chided softly, holding Sherlock's hands to preoccupy him. He turned to look at the boy, his lips curled in a small smile. "Everyone else is missing out, then. Because you're truly wonderful."
He noticed a chain at the man’s throat, lifting it up to reveal dog tags that had fallen behind him.
Sherlock looked around, seeing a row of glass-walled offices inside, blinking a few times when he saw a familiar outline in one of them. His stomach tightened more as he turned.
John was pleased when Sherlock returned to his lap, concerned that he was keeping his gaze down until he finally looked up. John's breath hitched. He rolled them over quickly, staring down at Sherlock, gulping down how he looked. The black around his eyes pulled out every colour in his irises. His pupils were dark, his lips parted in a bit of a smirk. He looked dangerous, deadly, and in complete control of himself.
"He's dead, sir," came Adam's reply a moment later. John swore, reaching for his knife to cut himself loose.
Sherlock let out a breath, leaning into John's hand lightly as he nodded. "I know," he said softly. "I do... I guess it's me I don't trust," he said. He shook his head a little. "God, ignore that... just the… whatever, hormones or some bollocks like that," he said with a small huff, furrowing his brow a little. "Let's just get this over with, and then go see your mother so she can predict all of it," he said.
he thought to himself.
In the kitchen, John scribbled Sherlock a quick note, telling him to make room in the closet and chest of drawers for his clothes, and to not feel bad at all about moving John's around. He reminded him to eat something, and then grabbed an apple before heading out of the door.
John had to drag himself out of bed when his alarm went off, and he immediately trudged into the bathroom for a long hot shower. He shaved quickly, returning to the bedroom to pull on clean clothes, pleased to see Sherlock still sleeping. He smiled to himself, taking a moment to just watch Sherlock before he knew he had to leave.
John shook his head sadly, combing his hand through the hair at Sherlock's temple. "I'm sorry, love, but no. Not this time." He leant up to brush his lips across Sherlock's forehead, closing his eyes for a moment. "And there's nothing wrong with it being no one's fault. But you can't keep blaming yourself, Sherlock. I'm not going to sit around and watch you beat yourself up over this."
Sherlock complied, laying one hand over John's waist and tangling their legs together gently. He closed his eyes, chest almost physically aching for John as he shook with each quiet sob. John was strong, he could get through this...he knew he could, it would just take time. How ever much time he needed. He knew enough of Alpha physiology that most of the damage would be psychological.
John smiled, his hand still clenched around Sherlock's. "Hear that? You were bloody right again." He reached up to stroke through Sherlock's hair, holding tight through the next contraction and push, this one lasting a little longer. "Breathe, Sherlock," he reminded, still stroking Sherlock's damp hair, still holding his hand, returning the vice-like grip. "She's coming, Sherlock, but you still need to breathe." He cringed a little at the next contraction, not enjoying how loudly Sherlock cried out at that one. He wished he could take the pain from him.
John made a small affirming sound which expressed his thoughts more than words could at the moment. He curled closer to Kat, wishing that he could take away all of the things that she had seen, give her her innocence back and let her grow up like a normal child. But he supposed that that had never been an option for her. "Wake me in the morning?" he asked, suddenly tired.
Sherlock avoided John's eyes for a moment, only flicking his vision to him occasionally while he spoke. "But what if something happens? She's getting a cold, what if she has a nightmare?" he asked, starting to feel more anxious about leaving than he thought. Her bear, that was their bedtime routine... it never occurred to him how hard he might find it to leave her.
"Oh, love," John murmured, wrapping his arms tighter around Sherlock, holding him close to his chest. "Don't feel so bad, sweetheart, alright? It's not your fault, it's not my fault, and I know you'll do a good job. And you'll have help, and you won't be alone. Okay? Look at me, Sherlock." He reached out, cupping Sherlock's cheek and tilting his head so that their eyes met. "Everything will be okay."
Sherlock glanced over at Hamish when John started to raise his voice, holding tightly onto him when he started to cry instead of yell. He wrapped one hand around the back of John's neck, rubbing the base of his hair with his thumb. "It'll be okay; we'll take care of this. We'll take care of the pups; we'll take care of everything."
John shrugged. "I didn't want you to feel bad about it. It was March 31." He blinked, furrowing his brow. "No wonder I didn't tell you about it. That was seven days after I got shot." He kicked his foot at a rock on the pavement. "Well damn... it completely passed over my head while I was out there."
Sherlock let out another breath; of course John knew, doctor in training after all. "Not distracting, I wasn't trying," he mumbled, still not moving. He'd been picking at the bandages on his wrists though for the last ten minutes, most of them gone now. He sighed.
Sherlock smiled a little, eyes closing a small bit. "Yes, I'm playing that card... and thank you," he murmured.
Katherine hopped out of the cab, quickly moving her feet in small steps to crunch in the snow, giggling a little.
Sherlock sighed. "Correction, you got me up to two meals, and then again when you came back.
"It's alright John... we… we'll get you taken care of, but you have to stay awake until you're looked at. Okay?" he said, knowing the direction they were going – Bart's. "You have a concussion, and you can't sleep until you've been given the clear. But you already know that," he said quietly, still trembling slightly, but he was more concerned for John.
Sherlock
"Thank you," John murmured, taking the bottle from her and holding it out to Sherlock until the straw touched his lips. "Easy, now. Small sips," he instructed quietly, vaguely aware of the nurse leaving.
John's brow furrowed. "That's no good," he said, his fingers falling from the boy's cheek. "Stay here, I'm going to go make you some eggs and toast, alright?"
, was left hanging in the air, the statement that John found himself saying quite often around Sherlock. He didn't want to force him to do anything. "I'm hoping that you'll stay here until you're better, and, I'll admit, past that. I'd like you to still be here when I... when I get back."
Christ, John knew he wasn't ready for pups, and he was nearly four years older than Sherlock. Neither of them seemed to be parent material, at the moment, at least.
John hadn't meant to fall asleep, but the next thing he knew, Sherlock was curled up on his lap with Kat in his arms, and it was late into the night. Smiling, he fell back asleep.
"John," Sherlock said quietly in greeting, knowing already that Mycroft was gone. Of course he was.
Sherlock stood slowly, swaying a small bit and reaching out for John's arm as they followed the DI out.
John hummed, winding his fingers in Sherlock's hair to deepen the kiss, not thinking it to be a bad idea at all. Finally, he did pull back though, with a last nip to Sherlock's lip. "Alright," he said dejectedly. "We can leave."
"Yes you are baby girl," Sherlock said, combing through her hair. "And you have to be a big girl because..." he looked up at John, so much for waiting for their birthday. "Because you're going to be a big sister...and you have to help take care of your baby brother or sister."
“You’re going off somewhere. You’re supposed to be here though, John.”
The cab pulled to a stop and Sherlock paid the driver before climbing out. He glanced over his shoulder to see John following him, ignoring Sally as she started badgering Sherlock on who John was.
John glanced over at Sherlock and put his arm around his shoulders, pulling him closer and against his side. "We can both go to bed when we get back," he promised in a whisper, pressing a kiss to the top of his head and then nuzzling against him.
Sherlock looked up at John. "Fine, just... familiarising myself," he said, looking around the lab.
"He was already gone Mum, when you and Dad finally found me," she murmured, looking at John. "Still though, even a call would have been nice, but I understand why you didn't," she said quietly.
"I love you, too," John whispered, knowing that he needed sleep, but god, he just wanted to be there for Sherlock. He had missed too much, and he didn't know what he was protecting him from, but damned if he wasn't going to try. But his body had other plans, and it wasn't five minutes before he was fighting to stay awake, and then he was losing, and then he was unconscious.
John worked back a sob that tried to bubble up out of his chest as he wrapped his arms around her. “Yeah baby,” he whispered, combing through her hair and looking up at Sherlock, his eyes still a bit damp. “Yeah, it’s going to get better. Everything’s alright.”
Sherlock thought a moment. "Approximately twenty minutes after he sends his next text, whenever that is," he said quietly. He looked at his phone, which was still turned off, and picked it up. He turned it back on, seeing a new text.
"Where did it go?" John asked steadily, his hands braced behind him on the counter.
John laughed lightly, leaning up to kiss Sherlock firmly. He pulled back just to nuzzle above his collar, nipping lightly on one of his tendons. "Someone's possessive, hmm?" he teased, a grin spreading across his face, his eyes gleaming as he glanced up at Sherlock. He took hold of the lapels of his coat, pulling him down more to his level to kiss him again.
Sherlock jumped when he heard the mug shatter and thought perhaps that John had fallen, but he knew when he heard nothing but silence from the hall what had happened. He made his way down the hall to see John looking into space, a blank expression on his face. Sherlock let out a breath and stood in front of him. "John...where are you at?" He asked, knowing the answer, but maybe he could get John to reason himself out of it. "Listen to my voice John, it's Sherlock. How can I be over there? Hmm? I know you can hear me...now think. I've never seen the desert. I never went there, so if you can hear me then what does that mean?" He asked, gently stroking his cheek, hoping his scent on his wrist would help.
"Daddy's sick, though, Katty," John said gently. "He needs to rest. It might even be a little mean of us to ask him to open up presents," he said, trying to be the voice of reason, because he knew that Sherlock would just brush it off, and Kat would continue to deny it.
John squeezed Sherlock's hand reassuringly, leaning into him a little.
John kissed Sherlock heatedly, sucking on his tongue before he slid back down, taking Sherlock between his lips and pulling off when he was just about to come.
Katherine looked up at him, crumbs on her lips, clearly having stolen a biscuit or two... or god knew how many. "But Santa's out all night," she said.
"You tell me," John said with a smirk, slowly sinking into Sherlock until he was completely buried. He hardly rested for a second before he pulled out and slammed back in, wasting no time in picking up a quick and ruthless pace. His mouth connected with Sherlock's neck, sucking hard at a spot that could easily be hidden by the collar of his shirt.
done?” Mycroft asked. “Look at you, thin…you’re wasting yourself. You’ll be in the streets soon enough at the rate you’re going and you are better than that…you can be so much better,” he said, inhaling again through his nose.
Sherlock, though... he wouldn't have a life if not for John, and he had no idea what he was going to do for two years, let alone the rest of his life if John never came back.
Sherlock felt his ears warm a little, smiling softly. "Of course," he said. "You need it," he said quietly with a small shrug. He settled back against the headboard and snuggled closer to John. "Can't have you sick forever, can we? Don't you have work today?" he asked. "I can call in for you," he offered.
John smirked. "You just smell good," he whispered. "You always smell good."
"’m glad... it was you," Sherlock murmured. "That none of them... came in the room, when I begged. ‘m glad... was you," he said again, eyes closing a small bit. "’m love you..." he said, feeling... well, almost high, it felt so amazing.
Sherlock let out a breath; he wanted to reach out and hold John, but if he set Katherine down she would just get fussy. "John, throwing up won't help, your body only thinks it will. Just... try to breathe," he murmured. He didn't know what to say. When he'd been forced to go through withdrawal he'd been pretty much shoved in a padded room to work it out. "I don't... the only thing that will help is to take whatever it was that was inducing your PTSD. And that's not an option John."
John sat up, looking around the small bedsit he lived in currently, rubbing his shoulder as his eyes swept over the bare walls. He’d had the dream five times now, roughly once every three or four weeks and he still didn’t understand it. Why the snow? Why that place?
With a heavy sigh and the hopes the Sherlock calmed down so that he would get better, John made his way back to the waiting room, filling out paperwork and finally resting in a chair against the far wall.
John had his arm wrapped around Sherlock's waist, his other settled on Kat's tummy as they rode home, their daughter still bouncing excitedly to have them back.
“You must have been right…Johnathan,” he said softly, “All those years ago, you were right. I would see you again. I am sorry for not believing you,” he murmured, disposing of the bloodied shirt and pulling a blanket up over the man. He tucked himself in the corner of his bedroom, settling into his chair as sunlight started to filter in lightly through the window.
John shook his head, tucking Sherlock's head down against his neck. "I can't do it either," he whispered. He was terrified. The last time he had been there, more than fifty men and women had died under his hand, not including the terrorists that he had killed on purpose. He had watched his best friends die, and had almost been killed himself. He had come home with nightmares and waking terrors. He swallowed. "But we don't have a choice. We're in the cab. We're driving to the airport. I'm getting on that plane, and in fifteen months, I'm getting back on that plane and I'm coming home to you."
John nodded, his eyes slipping shut as he let Sherlock's scent surround him entirely. "It was tough. They were both in a bad state for a few days. But I think they're trying for another. Greg really wants one, and Mycroft has a hard time saying no to him."
She sat in the water, the warm water making her feel a little better. She sniffed, taking the bottle of bubble bath and putting two pumps, swishing the water with a hand to make some bubbles. She leant back in the tub, looking at them. Bubbles weren't as fun when you didn't feel good.
Sherlock didn't let go of John, shaking still. "He did what I told him to... he got you," he said, not caring that Mycroft hadn't come to get him. He was used to that anyway.
John slept for another solid two hours before he stirred, his stomach rumbling in a demand for food. "Think I'm feeling better," he muttered, patting Sherlock's knee affectionately before standing up and wandering into the kitchen. He moved around, taking stock of what they had before starting to construct a simple pasta dish, one that shouldn't upset his stomach.
Sherlock was lying there for a little while, starting to doze again when the man came back with a plate of food. Sherlock's stomach clenched at the sight of it, not having eaten in so long.
"I wasn't planning to," John murmured, nuzzling against Sherlock's neck. "She won't push, either, and she won't tell anyone if she does figure it out." He ran a hand down Sherlock's side, running his thumb over his hip. "I love you, Sherlock," he whispered, moving closer and hooking their ankles. "I will always love you, and don't ever doubt it."
Sherlock paced a little, running his fingers through his hair. He winced, another cramp hitting him as he started to feel almost sick. "I… I have to go... stop them," he panted, moving slowly towards the door. He had to have some of that compound left, though he hardly knew what it would do to him in the middle of a heat.
It was nearly nine in the morning when he was unloading the stuffed animals and toys from Katherine's old crib and pulling it apart into large pieces, carrying it downstairs and returning to her room to rearrange it as well to surprise her. He didn't know where the urge came from to make everything just so, but he didn't pay much attention to it. He had a faint recollection of doing that during his first couple heats after Katherine was born; almost like nesting or something, he didn't even notice he was doing it.
John nodded, smoothing his hand down Sherlock's front. "Try to get some sleep then, yeah? I'll try too," he murmured, nuzzling a little closer to Sherlock, the urge to protect and comfort his mate still overpowering his small want to be alone.
"You should work on that self-conscious tendency of yours," John murmured, casting another smile at Sherlock. "I know you're used to mostly negative attention, but, love, most people aren't like that. Most people are, if not good, then indifferent." He leant over, purposefully pressing a kiss to his cheek.
Katherine was happy to hear what you said about her drawings, hasn't really stopped since. I hope this letter finds you back on base and tucked away in your hospital, as a doctor and not as a patient. I love you. I feel like maybe I don't say it enough in my letters. I am eating, and Maria assured me that I am at a healthy enough weight, and that the pup...our son, Hamish. Is healthy as well. After this month there will only be four to go. Mindy has been helpful, you sure you're not writing her as well, telling her what to say to me and what not? I like to think that my own mother might have been this supportive, but I suppose I can never know that.
Sighing, John folded up the letter and stuffed it in an envelope, setting it aside to hand off to a different soldier tomorrow to be taken back to base so that it could be mailed. He took out Sherlock's scarf and inhaled deeply, his throat burning as he fought down the urge to cry. He missed his family. Touching the bandage on his arm that he had placed over the cut he had got today--their sector wasn't exactly abandoned--he laid down at long last and rolled over, trying hard to get some sleep.
Sherlock pulled on some dry pyjamas as well, standing by the window and looking out it. He heard John call him, turning and looking at the bed. Once again they were giving them a week. One week...it wasn't fair. Their daughter was turning four next month, John's twenty-eighth birthday. He looked towards the door, Katherine was probably still asleep on the sofa. He wandered over to the bed and climbed into it, curling close to John.
I find out what's in them, and most likely not even after," he said, looking at John as if he'd just proposed something extremely stupid. "God knows what it is, what the long term effects are from continued use... no, you're not having anymore," he said.
"Wait, what?" John asked when Sherlock turned to him. "We've only been here five minutes." He followed him out anyway, easing down the stairs and trying not to bump into people. "Sherlock, where are we going?"
"I know," John whispered, closing his eyes as he continued to pepper Sherlock with gentle kisses. "I know it's not fair. And I'm so sorry."
Sherlock tried to push himself up when John ushered Katherine into the bathroom, finally managing to do so when he came back in. "What... what's wrong?" he asked, hearing her wail and feeling the urge to get up and find her, see that she was okay. He was surprised to find that urge, that instinct still there.
John pulled on his pants before undoing the towel and hiking up the khakis, doing up the button and zip as he turned his attention back to Sherlock. "Anything interesting in there? To be entirely honest, I don't remember most of it." He tugged the black shirt on, got annoyed when the collar stuck to his still-wet neck, and then ignored it, focusing on buttoning the shirt.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes slightly at John, seeing the small flicker in his eyes. He growled a little, leaning forward and biting at John's jaw firmly, pulling back to look at him. "You are coming home, in person and alive!" he snapped quietly so Katherine wouldn't hear it. "So help me John, don't go where I can't follow, because I assure you, if such a place did exist, and I will find you," he threatened.
John smiled, knowing already how much he was going to miss. He hated it. "I know you do. You have to get better at your drawings and maybe learn how to spell so that you can send me pictures with words." It took a lot of effort not to start crying, or to choke on the words, but somehow he managed.
Katherine's brows furrowed a little, "Papa's getting arrested?" she asked, confused. Sherlock chuckled a little, loving how normal this felt, well, not counting the hospital setting. "No sweetie, I mean maybe we can have Papa at home, but he would still have to stay in bed. Just like if he was in hospital. And a doctor would come and see him. It's an expression love, just like we talked about."
John shrugged, holding his daughter gently against his chest. "I got a few hours of sleep. I'm fine," he lied easily, looking down when Katherine pulled on his finger.
John stared up at the ceiling, his hands folded in his lap as he waited for Katherine to finish. He thought about very little while he was waiting, but did he think about what the hell he was supposed to do now.
Sherlock thought about the gun in his jacket pocket and nodded. "Alright then," he said with a nod. He started from the room, staying close at John's side.
A sob bubbled up out of Sherlock, who rolled over quickly and wrapped his arms around John's waist. "Fake your death here...like me, we'll all just leave, never have to deal with any of them again," he said, almost frantically, feeling another fit of emotion welling up that he couldn't stomach, damn hormones, they'd been out of sync enough before he was pregnant. "We'll go to America or something, please!" he begged, shaking again.
Sherlock watched John scoot closer, holding him closer. He blinked a couple times, then rested his forehead against John's a little, taking a breath.
Sherlock let out a breath, looking at John. He hated this. "Look up," he said, meeting John's gaze. "I'm sorry... for the tea, I'm sorry," he said.
John chuckled good-naturedly, letting Sherlock breathe in his scent, which was slowly starting to become a combination of both of their scents. John inhaled deeply at the juncture of Sherlock's neck and shoulder, shuddering at the delicious mixture of smells. Nothing short of death could separate them now, and John was not going to allow death to happen until they were both old and decrepit.
Sherlock glanced over at the bottle, then back down at their daughter. "Two pills... once a day for five days. Then one for five days. Then half for three. Then they're out and that's it... should be weaned enough," he murmured quietly. Katherine eventually stopped suckling and Sherlock pulled her free, burping her gently. "And I'm fine," he said, standing up and pacing gently as he rocked her.
Sherlock let out a breath, looking at John. He lifted his hands to rest over John's as they were unbuttoning his shirt. "Are you sure?" he asked softly. "You said... you wanted Katherine older," he said. "She'll only be four when it's born," he said, wondering if something else wouldn't come up, and that the last nine months had been simply a honeymoon phase of things, and that John would turn resentful eventually. He looked down, letting out a breath and forcing the thoughts from his head; he didn't need those ones.
Sherlock groaned, feeling a cramp, and he doubled over.
John found it somewhat amusing when Sherlock did such things. It was relatively harmless after all. And for the greater good, if it leads to a rogue vampire being apprehended. It saved lives from having the end John himself was almost destined for.
Harry felt pained for her brother, crossing the kitchen and wrapping her arms around him again. "Hey, it's alright, Johnny," she murmured quietly, rubbing a hand up his back.
Sherlock sighed a little, nodding a small bit. He nodded towards the waitress when she brought their plates. "I suppose she'd have to... to begin with," he murmured. He looked pointedly at John's plate. "You're eating, alright?" he murmured.
John cringed a little as he took his seat, hoping that he made it look like a stab of pain by rubbing his leg, though it was really in reaction to Kat's words. He kept his eyes down for a moment, not really wanting to think about it. Katherine wasn't even five years old yet, and she was playing out murders with her dolls. What were they raising her into? He let out a breath, looking up at Kat and giving her a slightly reproving looking. "Now, Katty. Manners, please, baby. No matter how fast you eat, you can't leave the table til we're all done anyway," he reminded her, arching an eyebrow in her direction.
Sherlock got up off of John's lap, cradling Katherine gently still. It would be easier to carry her when she could hold her own head in a month or so. He pulled John up by one hand with a small smile, and led them back to the bedroom, climbing onto the bed next to John, and laying Katherine down on her stomach on top of John. He waited until John steadied her with his hands before laying down on his side, draping a leg over John's and resting his hand over John's on Katherine's back.
John groaned, lining up with Sherlock and immediately pushing into him, sinking in to his hilt. "Anything for you," he breathed, pulling back and pushing into Sherlock again, rocking his hips so that he always hit Sherlock's prostate.
Sherlock listened quietly, playing with the hair at the base of John's neck, trying to keep him calm. He knew these things weren't easy for John to talk about. He tensed a little when he got to the part about being attacked, swallowing thickly. He ghosted his fingers of his free hand along the scar, gently tracing it. "I'm sorry," he said quietly. "At least you're safe though..." he said, nuzzling against John's neck a little.
Sherlock swallowed, watching John get out of the car. He climbed out of the large vehicle, given to them so the snow wouldn't present a problem. He knelt down and wrapped his arms around Katherine. "I love you, and we're going to call everyday. Daddy's coming back," he murmured. "I promise, baby girl... promise," he said, throat tight.
Katherine gasped, having forgotten all about that. "Oh no!" she said, covering her mouth a little as she quickly slid off the sofa and dashed up the stairs. Sherlock furrowed his brow a little, holding a squirming Hamish. The infant was making grabby hands at John so Sherlock handed him over to him as Hamish clearly wanted John. By the time he was settled in John's arms Katherine bounded down stairs holding something behind her back, smiling at Sherlock and John, bouncing a small bit.
The room was pained pastel green. It was hideous.
"And just where are we going to put a bigger bathtub?" John asked with a chuckle, kissing above the mark on the back of Sherlock's neck. "There's no room in here." He traced circles around Sherlock's chest, nipping gently at his skin.
Sherlock groaned, not wanting to get up. He pulled the duvet off the bed for now, dirty anyway, and wrapped the top sheet around himself as he walked down into the kitchen. He touched his neck gingerly, wincing a small bit at the sting, but it was okay.
Sherlock calculated the distance to the freezer section and accounted for the crowds as he grabbed the last few things. John should have been back by now. He quickly pushed through the people around him. He was just in the refrigerated section when he saw it – a dropped bottle of cream.
They had gotten a phone call a few days after that miracle that Greg was going into labour, two days early. Mycroft was freaking out, so John had volunteered to watch the pups while Sherlock went to be with his brother. Early the next morning, John had gotten a phone call from Sherlock, letting him know that Sherlock was now a proud uncle of a very adorable little girl.
Sherlock sighed, smiling a little.
Sherlock sighed, standing up slowly and wrapping his arms around John, not waiting until they were in bed. He let out a breath that shook only slightly, he was still trying to keep his composure for John, to try and make it easier. Inside though...he was screaming. "Of course" he said, kissing John's neck and starting down the hall, not wanting to think about how he'd be walking down it alone for quite some time.
He looked up when there was a knock at the door, and a female doctor walked in – an Omega, this time – after unlocking the door. "Doctor Maria," John smiled, not relinquishing his hold on Sherlock.
Sherlock hummed a little, eyeing all the supplies with a small smirk. He felt drained, and his eyes closed as John started to dab at the bites. He winced, the alcohol burning painfully and he let out a breath through closed teeth. "Mm...s'fine though. Think they could tell...'nyway," he murmured, swaying a small bit where he was seated.
John snapped his eyes up at that comment, his jaw tightening for a moment. But he didn't say anything.
"Not that skinny whelp anymore," Sherlock murmured. He was still thin, but not starved as he had been. He'd even built up some muscle from work, climbing about sewers and abandoned warehouses, as well as running.
"You don't need to thank me for that. But you're welcome," John supplied, nuzzling closer to Sherlock.
They hadn't been careful, Sherlock's heat had snuck up on them, and he'd been so preoccupied with the case he'd forgotten about emergency contraception. And then he'd been shot, and had been on all that medication... god, what if he just ended up losing it? What if he was going to lose it anyway after everything that had been done to him? After what he'd done to himself? Then how would John feel about him?
John smiled, letting himself be happy. "Well it wasn't exactly... expected." He grinned sheepishly, walking over to where he remembered the tea being. Creative half-truths. "But I'm happy. I'm just worried about Sherlock."
"’What happened at Lauriston Gardens? I must have blacked out. 22 Northumberland St, please come.’ Those words exactly," Sherlock said. "Thank you," he tacked on.
He knew Mycroft would get there quickly. He was too protective of his brother to let it go.
"What the hell is that?"
Sherlock eagerly took her from John, holding her close to his chest again. He lifted up his hand and stroked one of her soft, dark curls. He sighed a little, taking in every one of her features, her cupid bows lips, and even a somewhat scrunched up nose like John's. He hummed a little, touching her cheek lightly. She turned her head and wrapped her lips around his finger tip, sucking lightly on it before frowning, a wail escaping her when she realised there was no food coming from it.
Katherine was picking at the little fuzzies on her Papa's shirt when he spoke to her and she looked up at him. She sniffled a little, nodding silently. She was tired, and still didn't feel good, though she hadn't gotten sick in a few hours. "Mhm," she hummed quietly, lifting her head up a little to see Sherlock sleeping still. "Mm want bath," she said.
John smiled, glancing up at the young Omega taking up residence on his sofa. "Thank you, Sherlock," he said, picking up the plate and starting to devour the sandwich.
"Here, come on," John said and held out his hand for Sherlock to take if he wanted. "I'm sure we can figure it out." His eyes flickered down to Sherlock's hand on his side, his eyebrows furrowing. "Are you in pain?" he asked, fighting back the urge to check on the incision right then and there. "I should have brought along some pain medications, I'm sorry."
John laughed, reaching over and gently pulling Hamish's hands away. "Such a rude baby you are," he scolded gently, giving his son his fingers to play with as opposed to Sherlock's hair. "You're going to be a pain as a preteen, I'm sure," he teased, smiling up at Sherlock. "We'll be able to handle you though."
John ate his food, playing with a curious Hamish while he did, letting the infant hold his hand and pull on his fingers. Katherine ate quickly, and John managed to eat half of his dish. He was just playing with the remainder when Angelo came out with pieces of cake for them, a candle stuck in Sherlock's. John grinned at the obvious flush of embarrassment that went across Sherlock's cheeks, and then they sang him 'Happy Birthday,' Kat a little off-key, but it was still good.
"Ga-Gack!" Hamish squealed, grinning up at John and making grabby hands towards him, starting to babble quietly, making small drool bubbles. The infant not bothered in the slightest it appeared. Sherlock settled next to John, curling next to him and smiling at Hamish.
John smiled at Katherine, rubbing her back and taking the picture. "It's beautiful, Katty. You're a very good artist." He watched her and Sherlock for the next few minutes before there was a knock on the door and Molly walked in.
"Alright, both of you deep breaths," she ordered gently, moving over towards the wailing infant. "I know you just had your temp taken love, but I've got to check too," she said, pulling off Katherine's bottoms. She did that quickly, much to the distaste of the infant. She ran a check over her, looking at her belly button, and checking her ears.
