now, someone else’s property. Worse, he was not even
If he had, he might have seen in the distance the warm glow of a cottage burning brightly.
“Maybe it's because you don't seem very frightening.”
He knew that expression anywhere.
I'm also finally on Testosterone, as some of you may or may not know from my tumblr! It's a wild experience, and I feel already a lot better mentally than the depressed teenager I was in middle and high school. It's exhilarating, and I look forward to all of the changes in my mental and physical health to come.
“Piss off.”
“Can you go lord over something for a bit? I’m gonna talk to John about some things that you’re not gonna want to hear.”
According to the pamphlet there were three levels of Dragon. White Card, Yellow Card and Red Card. It was a system designed to have new owners know easily what level of aggression and obstinacy they were to deal with. White Cards were mostly young Dragons, babies or infants or extremely docile-tempered personalities. Usually these were for beginners just getting into the Dragon-raising world. However because John and Mike would be in the Military and their Dragons would be doing active battle with other Dragons, they were required to choose a Yellow Card at least. Yellow Cards had some aggressive tendencies, but they were overall balanced. Red Card were for the experienced only, and even then not many were chosen for Adoption. The fact was that it was their last chance, once a Dragon was put on that list they were almost certainly destined to be used as cannon fodder.
Sherlock explained to John as he sat down next to him, putting the prepared tea tray on the table. John hadn’t known that Selkies had any kind of sophisticated hierarchy besides a leader, and voiced as much. He watched Sherlock roll his eyes, huffing through his nose at the assumption good-naturedly. The Selkie reached for a teacup, filling it with an unhealthy amount of sugar and milk until its tone was his preferred off-beige.
be my business. If you'd let it.....”
He had eventually introduced himself as Charles. Charles Stamford. The story went that she smiled at him, and in that moment her watery blue eyes had lit up her features to a warming glow, and the young man had realized with a start that he was completely smitten.
Still he slid it on, if only because he had no other clothes to wear. The fabric was silk, and he tried to ignore the way his own reflection in the pool of water seemed to glare at him as if in accusation. His jaw clenched, John willed away the admission that to a stranger he probably looked the most handsome that he’d ever been in that moment.
A voice from his past came to him then, echoing dimly in his mind:
“Only on the surface, dear. The truth of the matter is that Humans often have a point to where they will no longer allow themselves to be pushed. If you were to meet a Human for once, get to know one, you'd likely discover your apt at pushing individuals towards that very limit.”
the same colour as the dress that
Dodge's voice was cool. Calculating.
"You've been busy! Here I am becoming a simple GP and you've been out getting shot at. What happened to bring you back?"
Sherlock found he could analyze even a personality that was part of the construction of the mind, apparently.
From inside the Crate, Sherlock heard rather than saw the straightening of the young man's shoulders, his arms moving away from the top of the Crate and coming to rest in fists at his side. Through the air-holes, the Dragon saw the silver metal rectangle of the Clicker shimmering. His irises narrowed to hateful slits. Yet he also noticed that the hand that held it trembled slightly. It was true that he could hear the heartbeat of the man, pounding wetly and racing in the silence of the room. Though he wasn't feeling well and he couldn't quite see past the pulsing haze of red that kept crawling over his vision, Sherlock bared his teeth in preparation.
The English Dragon paused, but did not succumb to John's placating words, his fists still clenched and his jaw still tight despite the fact that he swayed on his feet in nothing but his pants and the crisp white bandage splayed over his chest. John noted absently that the Dragon's arm should have been in a sling (to alleviate stress on the bone) even as he kept a wide stance, neither threatening nor moving.
The soldier had really only one question.
“She's coming.”
Dragons were by nature possessive.
Kinder.
Still, the question came to mind as to what Sherlock’s motives were, living in a city as Gemphobic as London. John had been brought here due to the war- sent home so that he could take his meagre army pension and eventually live out the rest of his life in a beige bedsit. Many Gems avoided London on principle, just because of the constant protests towards immigration and the strong hatred for their kind. Yet Sherlock stood out like a peacock amongst pigeons, even in his human form. The first time John went with Sherlock to a crime scene, coat billowing out magnificently behind him, the amount of eyes on the man burned into John’s memory, a brand that followed Sherlock even in the relative shelter of police tape.
Sherlock was confident he could get around the price, if need be.
“More than I'll ever admit.”
John breathed deeply, comprehension flooding his expression. To see Harry, his mother and father again… it brought him a plethora of mixed feelings. On the one hand, he yearned for something familiar to attach himself to in this strange, new world. On the other hand, they had been the ones to sign his marriage certificate in Earthly witness.
But what if the one they were designed to protect, was the only one that could stop the hurtling missile that Sherlock's absence would create from their life? Sneak's lips turned down in determination. His blue eyes blazed as his grip on the table tightened. His voice was filled with certainty.
“Everyone’s bullied in foster care Sherlock. I’ve got to use the toilet, calm down a little bit. My head’s killing me, to be honest.”
After the apologies, came more anger. Anger at the fact that every meal that John left at Sherlock's door remained barely touched. Anger at the fact that the things that were touched were merely picked at, as if the detective hadn't actually put anything in his mouth. Anger that at the one glimpse John had caught of Sherlock (he had hidden by the stairs after he'd set down a tray of soup and a sandwich) the detective's eyes had been red-rimmed and sleepless. Finally, anger at the fact that four days had passed, and that Sherlock hadn't answered a single text from anyone. Not from John (for he had tried, hoping that maybe if the detective hadn't been willing to type he could text) not from Lestrade. All cases slowed to a dead halt, and with no answer to give, John had squared himself into making some kind of bullshit excuse to the DI for Sherlock's absence, only to find out that he didn't have to in the first place.
Night creature's swam there, little prawns scuttling, tiny fish that glowed in the dark. A crab, cranky and unsociable, despite Sherlock's engaging invite for conversation. Feeling like he was shunned simply because he was younger and thus deemed unimportant by the sea creature, the pup huffed and made his way onward.
As it was, John did not rise to the bait, instead seating himself closer to the detective at the kitchen table, pushing the bowl that had been nudged to the side back to centre. Forcing it back in the detective's line of vision. Sherlock expected his flatmate to merely continue his silent vigil of the detective's progress, and was instead surprised when John's hand reached out, the soldier's expression softening minutely as he brushed Sherlock's upturned palm, tracing the outlines of the man's veins, blue under paper-white skin. John was decidedly quieter as he spoke, turning his original demand into more of a plea as he murmured
He wasn't going to leave. Couldn't bring himself to, either out of a misplaced sense of duty or trust. Probably duty, if the flesh of their earlier argument implied anything. The detective had then found himself all night staring at the ceiling of his bedroom.
Claude gasped in delight. In the detective's hand was a board game. Not just any board game either, no.
chapter and you've already got it all figured out...”
The ex-army doctor tried to hold his gaze. Just for a moment. Then with a defeated sigh he pinched the bridge of his nose, voice pained.
Mrs. Hudson laughed, the sound airy and bright. He could mentally see her brushing away his confusion.
end The Game before it even got rolling.”
No one asked if Sherlock was okay.
Clipped. Short. No real elaboration on that one. Okay. John takes a deep breath, a more loaded query coming to his lips.
The slow drag of footsteps across desert sand was a harsh rhythm, set in the dead of night when the air was frigid and the sky held only the thin suggestion of a moon. The darkness was nearly total, save for a lantern held at the front. It glinted off of the chains that cuffed sweat-slick necks and wrists, made fear-wide eyes seem wild and prey-like.
Big blue eyes looked at him, then away, and Elena's hands gripped the book on either side, as if she were debating whether or not to hide it away. She bit her lip gently, and in a very small voice, asked.
Before long, Sherlock's head was all but leaning against John's chest, the creature's muscles apparently having gone to jelly in an instant. Like a giant cat, Sherlock seemed to have tendency
A Northern Dragon was simply not designed to endure such heat.
And the day he believed that, the little boy found the strange song that had been haunting him faded. Disappeared the further away they drove from the sea.
John was small, but he was military-trained and vicious in a fight. What was more, he did not appear to care that Sherlock’s voice was getting increasingly higher in his ear with stress. Like a train going full-throttle with no breaks, his fist raised again and again, landing squarely into George’s stomach. Each strike, Sherlock could swear he could feel bones creak with its force.
ah yes, the pivotal chapter. Spent a long time on this one. This is where things begin both coming together and falling apart, somewhat. Also, next chapter look forward to a visit from Conrad and Daniel ^_^
Her smile was predatory, coy. John smiled nervously, tentatively taking a step backwards, bumping into the serpentine swish of her tail. Sally’s scales were hypnotic, colours that made his eyes want to cross in and out. He could see the lethality in her, the strength of her upper and lower body.
“Mycroft?”
“I'll leave you to it then,
When a small town hears that there is to be celebration, people tend to gather in swarms. John had forgotten this rule, having grown up more in the city, far away towards London. He was used to indifference, used to the cold atmosphere that people adapted to in a large, heavily populated atmosphere. Instead, John was surrounded by the hardy, rustic kind of camaraderie that involved entirely too much touching and smiling for his current mental state, people he barely knew reminiscing about his younger days and greeting him with embraces that he fought to extricate himself from. It was an air of warmth and invitation, but he was a greyscale painting amongst a pastel model of colour.
It was nearly eight in the morning when the army doctor’s eyelids fluttered open, and Sherlock immediately found himself heaving a silent sigh of open relief as the man blinked in confusion up at the ceiling.
Reaching...
“It's your turn to go shopping. You said you'd do it last week. Never did.” At his friend's words the young man's good mood diminished slightly, a small scowl settling over his features at the thought of food. Useless, really. The needs of transport were always so demanding. Victor seemed oblivious to his discomfort, carrying on lightly. “Man cannot survive on canned goods alone.”
Victor's frown was a rather delicate thing, and it looked far more likely to morph back into a smile. Sure enough, the young man laughed a moment later with ease, brown eyes sparkling jovially. Sherlock detested the wonderful noise. Hated the way it caught him off guard for a moment by its utter freeness and warmth.
Not that Sherlock had any experiences with dancing, none that could count. There had been the time he had worked in a club, his Master having had several exotic dancers and Dragons on stage, but somehow, this did not have the same sort of tone. No. Rather, more like a very precise ballet. Watching John slowly breathe, aim and fire was perhaps the most captivating thing the Dragon had ever witnessed.
At this, Xavi turned to look at John in surprise. He was so shocked, that the young Dragon forgot it wasn’t customary to look at someone of a higher station than themselves directly. He shook his dark curls, still damp and plastered to his forehead, as if negating John’s claim.
And really, who was he to refuse this act of trust? Who was he to deny John this small peace of mind? Though the Dragon did not entirely understand why he'd risk it, he could see his Master
“Couldn’t sleep. Was talking to Sherlock.”
smugly guilty when Sherlock smirks and whispers
merely as fact, no threat or pity marking the words. The Dragon found himself instinctively bristling. Debasing himself was one thing, but to speak of
And then
“I’m surprised you trust me, then. My… partner, he didn’t trust me for some time because he’d been treated so badly. He tried to freeze me, first time I met him. Some days, I still think he doesn’t. He’s… difficult. To read. But you don't seem to be angry, not at anything.”
The soldier looks at her impassively, as if he could really care less about what John might think. His eyes still dark about restlessly, looking on instinct for weaknesses.
Because a therapist or a shrink
But whatever Jounhin was, it certainly didn't seem enough for all of the fuss the Prophecy had implied. Sherlock scowled, eyes darkening even as he sighed sharply through his nose.
.” The nickname made Sherlock smile, though it was clear he was still grumpy. He settled for fidgeting with the ends of his cloak, picking at the soft fur lining.
he was abruptly forced to endure. The tunnel emerged into the heart of London, and with it came like a smack across the face the strangest sensation of becoming crawlingly claustrophobic in the middle of a central city.
When he woke, he knew it was going
John didn't need to finish his thoughts, the detective seemed to understand. His features shuttered, and he set down his fork to drum his fingers nervously on his thighs. His voice was tight.
“That’s better.”
“You apparently have a personality inside of you that is prone to violence, more so than the others. Whoever they are, it’s fairly apparent that your other Alters either fear him, respect him or both. He’s yet to make an appearance in my presence.” Sherlock carried on, oblivious to John’s inner turmoil even as he stood from the chair he had occupied in John’s bedroom to pace, hands folded in front of his chin. His eyes were narrowed in thought. “There is no way to draw out said personality if they’re entirely unwilling, and they might be so- Blue implied that they only appear when you are in severe danger, or when it serves their own purposes. But I can access the other personalities, which means I could find out more about them through interviewing the others.”
to enter a territory it didn't own?
Wishing.
Leaning into his hand with an almost bored expression, he answers promptly.
For a moment he thought he imagined it.
The Dragon looked at John quizzically then, dark brows lowering in slight confusion as he looked at John with a mix of apprehension and fear. It soon melted into
was) even while listening to the soft song the old woman sang.
The pup felt he could not have made a better choice than in John. Surely, he had made a good decision. John was not wanted by his family, and Sherlock wanted John. It seemed simple, and simple was good. Simple meant even idiots like his brother could not find fault within the pup's actions.
as he looked up at John, pleading at him to quietly accept his candour, to not break what little trust still held between them, however tenuous. John, to his credit believed him. He could always read Sherlock's honesty, at least when it came to issues concerning the detective himself. Little things, John might not notice (the drugging of certain mugs of coffee for instance) but for serious things, things that were life or death... John had learned to read people, and in that moment, he saw honesty swimming in those pale irises.
Neither John nor Sherlock saw 'Husna' again. The next time they came to the market, Sherlock was spat on by a man, angrily growling
Sherlock had perused the file of Henry Knight upon his brother’s words, reading it by lamplight even as the day stretched into darkness. A boy with large, blue-green eyes and ears that stuck out in a rather unfortunate way looked back at him through a grainy photograph. The description of the patient’s Alters was vague, and truthfully not wholly similar or as complex as John’s.
“Yes,” Xavi answered with a smile “But she likes you
“How does… How do you manage to run a kingdom like this? Especially with… well being unable to…” John blurted the question out before he could think, promptly trailing off before flushing at his own forwardness. Dodge would have his head if she had known he was asking such things, but the Queen fascinated him on some level. There was an aura of Dragon-based Magic about her, a sort of haze that made the Thrall side of John quiver with energy.
His voice is cool like winter's breath, and about as comforting.
In his head, the soldier heard the translation.
Of course, such feelings had a tendency to be interrupted by certain, umbrella-wielding officials. John’s freedom from stress was cut rather short by a dry, familiar voice, breaking his post-run high.
John was
his head against them like a giant, possessive feline.
“What is it?” The woman snapped, obviously annoyed and now second-guessing her decision of letting John take the Northern Dragon with him. Her Dragon didn't react to the sharp tone, but he flinched physically as the creature in the back snarled something acerbic and in distinct Dragon-Tongue in his direction. The servant addressed the wild Dragon in the back with elegant courtesy and a surprising amount of respect, given the fact that John was fairly certain the beast was foaming at the mouth it was so infuriated. In fact it was so respectful that he wondered if perhaps Cerioth wasn't being just a bit mocking in his tone. Though if he was it was well disguised.
It didn't stop the mothers down below from wrapping their children slightly closer to their chests, or Raz from kneeling if possible lower towards the ground. His voice carried on bravely, and the villagers watched in rapt attention even as the eligible brides filed their way to centre stage. John felt Mary lean forward and peck his cheek softly before finally she too swept up her skirts to climb back down the stone overhanging, leaping effortlessly to the ground before gracefully heading towards front stage. Her words, whispered in the shell of John's ear alleviated some of his irrational worry.
No one bothered to take note of how the already willow-framed boy became a ghost, pale and wisp-like in his classes and strangely absent. Withdrawn.
just so the village can be content in the knowledge that their thrice-damned guardian got his rocks off in this shitty fucking
And then, the song all around John seemed to turn darker, more edged with a desperate panic.
Sherlock answered readily enough, but his eyes were not on Moriarty’s face. Instead, his gaze was locked on the human still slumped on the ground, feigning unconsciousness but with no clear reason as to
Triggers coming up... little graphic... not too bad... just tread carefully :3
over, almost clear.
now, John. To our kind, that is normally the blink of an eye… yet for your kind… there is hardly any human
He wondered what John was dreaming of, and hoped that it was not a nightmare in which he played the main villain.
Yes...
and pretended to like him. The pup was only the equivalent of eight Human years old give or take, but it already infuriated him.
Sherlock only wanted to fly, with John at his side watching him.
A roar let loose from Sherlock, and the Dragon reared away from John's hand, curling closer into himself and cutting off the snarl as he bit his lip hard enough for him to taste blood. The soldier was immediately there, apologising profusely, stroking Sherlock's back. The wound throbbed with Sherlock's heartbeat, washing the creature's vision with red for a second before he could control himself. It felt like he
“They're fragile things, Dear One. You can't simply manhandle them into the shape you desire. They're not malleable that way, not like the water which you rule over.” She'd say this even as she'd look at him through the reflection of her ornate, circular mirror, her eyes kind despite the barbs within her words. Sherlock would usually huff at such lectures, crossing his arms over his chest and growling out excuses. However that time, he had glared back at her, his jaw squared as he challenged her with defiance.
To John's surprise, Sherlock responded. His voice was edged with the strain of nerves.
there is, Spirits and humans interact all the time.” He nodded then, jumping to his feet. “It’ll require calling in a favour from
The statistics he had read haunted him for the entire drive home, circulating before his eyes.
“I love you.”
Something… something that was not part of it was there. Something that played in the ocean... but was not a child of the ocean... like black oil, its presence blurred things, made it hard to breathe.
rimming his glasses, seeming for a second not to recognise him until all of a sudden his eyes widened and he tugged his friend inside by an iron-grip to his sleeve.
“You were hurt,” Sherlock murmured, blue eyes darting to John’s clothed shoulder, then away. The deduction didn’t surprise John, he knew the Selkie was not only tethered to him mentally to a certain extent, but extremely observant. “You were injured in a fight. Lots of them, with other Humans. They hurt you.” There was possessiveness in his tone, something akin to fury.
The sexual side of things came more slowly, as expected given John’s past. Truth be told in the first couple of months, neither of them were completely sure John would ever be truly comfortable in that kind of situation. The memories from his childhood would rear up at the most unexpected things, and half the time they left scars that made John’s hands tremble and bile rise up to the back of his throat.
warnings for... well a lot of things... this fic is not happy XD
to be less than happy? When had
A child wandering in the complicated maze of his own head, so many voices clawing at him, begging his ear. He must listen to them all, even the ones that aren’t Alters. The ones that just whisper, John’s deepest desires and darkest fears and worst memories and sweetest dreams. He is the only one that can hear them all.
Worse, was that Sherlock looked at her not as he usually did with other women, or even other Gems, but with a struck expression that to John’s jealous mind interpreted as enthralment. Perhaps it was true that Irene had stripped herself of anything that might lend a deduction, but it didn’t mean that the detective had to
Sherlock didn't know what was wrong. By all accounts, the logical part of his brain told him that nothing was amiss. Still the silence of the flat irked him, and his hands trembled with need as his gaze flicked uneasily about the three corners of the living room. Everything chafed like an ill-fitting suit of armour, and his shoulders twitched with nerves. He sat curled in the fourth corner, tail wrapped about himself tightly as he exhaled sharp gusts of fog through his nose, trying to steady his racing heart. It thundered through his veins anyway, and the Dragon could imagine the way his blood vessels were undoubtedly widening, stretching to allow maximum blood-flow through his system. He felt heady from it, his brain swimming with the increase of oxygen.
It was not until Sherlock came to point out one tree in particular that John remembered just where he was. The bark that Sherlock rested his hand upon was as gnarled and grooved as an old man’s skin, and the leaves the tree boasted were a curious, metallic silver. Looking at it, John was certain that no tree of its kind likely grew on Earth, certainly at least nowhere near his home. The fruit that hung above their heads and that littered the forest floor was a deeply flushed pink. Like a peach, it was round and spongy to the touch as the Water-Spirit passed one to him for examination.
The detective had to resist the urge to reach out and touch the man’s shoulder, half of his brain insisting rather irrationally to make sure that John’s vitals were all in check. After all, he had no idea what kind of effect the Alter’s had on the army doctor’s health. For all Sherlock knew, his blood pressure was rising and falling so swiftly that it could induce heart-attack at any moment. Not that it was likely, but still.
This story doesn't have to be just three chapters if people would like more at some point. It's more of a writing exercise for me, so if there's a scenario you'd like to see or a situation, please feel free to let me know :) There's no real plot to this one, just drabble, so. Thank you so much for the lovely kudos and comments!
Sherlock couldn't afford to have someone feel like they needed to protect him from shattering, like he was made of glass. He already had someone who did that, and his and Mycroft's relationship... Well it might as well have been held together by cobweb and willpower. The detective refused to turn something like John Watson's presence into a chore. He refused to become someone's job.
“What the hell does MI5 want with my cases?” He muttered in disbelief.
As always, a great many thanks to my lovely beta, TPurr. *finger guns* you rock~
following.
The detective continued to pin him with his gaze, like a knife thrown expertly to stab through the heart of a butterfly. He did not move, but he seemed to much smaller. So much more compact.
A strange heartbeat, thrumming next to his skin.
If he signed, that meant that any of his failure would be brought down on his own head.
Then he sat himself slowly down in the far corner of the kitchen just like he had in
“No more trouble than you’re having,
Mycroft snorted to himself, raising an eyebrow in disbelief even as his hands twirled the handle of his umbrella between his fingers. His voice was dry an unamused.
Even as John’s squadron began to move out, encircling the villagers protectively, he and Sherlock stayed behind, standing before the haggard Dragon. The creature seemed to barely acknowledge their presence, utterly absorbed in the shining, glittering surface of its most precious prize. When it did bother to look up, it was only to fix John with an unblinking, tired gaze. He spoke into the soldier’s mind, a voice that was tinged with uncertainty as much as acceptance.
“Arch-enemy.” The Water-Spirit corrected the connection lightly, voice rumbling in displeasure. John made as if to awkwardly hold out his hand to shake in meeting-Sherlock’s feelings towards the matter be damned- and instead found The Water-Spirit tugging his arm, pulling it back to his knee.
At the mention of court some of John's earlier pride with himself fades. His mouth quirks downwards, and he guiltily reminds himself that he has just taken a life. That he should not be feeling so damn light on his feet. That this was not how
Cara didn't realise that the pony was moving, moving deeper into the water. All she vaguely realised was that the cold feeling was reaching her knees.
he was working on them, all anonymous tips). What had attracted him to such a man of Wilkes' stature, well, Sherlock supposed it started with the man singling
“I told you, I
and they
The bark of Sherlock's laugh is a surprising and warm sound, something that John doesn't expect but finds himself reacting to with a giggle of his own.
“If Moriarty is being invited to the Ball, then my mother will have to deal with the fact that I have no desire to attend said ball.” Sherlock muttered spitefully. John thought of what he knew of Sherlock’s mother, shuddering a little bit at the possible fallout of
he did...
*****
A sex-scandal.
John's smile had not been kind as he had stated plainly, "I got shot."
“...Male?” He murmured, just as John spoke again and said
John darted a glance at the Selkie, realising that Lestrade was sharing something that he must have felt to be rather private. He was hunched over his now-cold tea, dark eyes lost in thought. His hands cupped the mug, thumbs sweeping in self-soothing circles about the rim before continuing on.
To Sherlock, they looked like the practice gunshots to his inevitable execution.
"Please, John? Your grandmother, she was a good person. She wouldn't have wanted… " But Mike trailed off, scratching the back of his head and shrugging almost sheepishly. John's shoulders slumped forward as he sighed. His voice was laced with resignation.
Licking his lips, he tasted copper. Red. Adrenaline.
Sherlock, analysing despite his confusion, despite the unwelcome
Sherlock seemed to understand at least the gist of the last sentence, because a surprisingly enthusiastic and rather shark-like smile lit up the Selkie’s features, a glittering and deadly smirk that made the hair on the back of John’s neck rise. The Selkie purred something, but he was no longer speaking but singing, wishing John to hear his tentative inquiry even as he looked at the soldier like he was a prize to be put onto display.
Sherlock slammed his hands down on the table, the noise startlingly loud in the silence of night. For a moment neither he nor John moved as they both froze, listening for hint that they had woken up their son on the floor above them. However, when no evidence came, the detective hissed through his teeth and made as if to hit the table again.  His eyes were hard with rage. John stopped him just in time, stepping forward and saving the table from further abuse with a firm grab towards his husband's bicep.
Sherlock, that much was certain. There was an atmosphere about the creature, an instant connection the child understood down to his bones even if he did not fully comprehend its meaning. Yet did he want to stay with Sherlock...
Sherlock, unsure of who he was now talking to frowned. It took him a second, but he saw in John's face that it had been the same person that
“Sherlock… who am I?”
For a moment, he thought it just Sherlock leaning against them both, rambling about some case or another Lestrade's given him (a cold case, easily solved from home. Sherlock refused to leave without his egg and there would be no way to explain such a thing to the Yarders) when there was a nudging against his arm, where he was idly holding their egg in his lap. For a moment he froze, looking down in surprise, and Sherlock's deduction cut off mid-rant immediately as he noticed the change in his partner. Instantly the Dragon was down on the floor in front of the couch John was sitting on, eyes wild and frantic as he demanded
eyes widened in panic, and John let out a strangled protest before he
“Pass.”
After a while though, the creature's muscles loosened from their tension once again, and the young man blew out a deep-seated breath of relief.
He thought frustratedly to himself.
“No one can help us. No one can ever help us.”
this man couldn't convince him somehow to do.
that his family, like so many others within his village were struggling just to get by.
She looked at him curiously for a moment, wondering how the strange man knew about her burden.
“I’m sorry.” John said, and Sherlock knew that he meant it. It wasn’t enough, and yet it was like a balm to the jagged hole that had nearly been ripped out of him at the thought of John’s passing. The Dragon made a small, helpless noise at the back of his throat. Sherlock couldn’t tear his gaze away from John’s face as he cupped his cheek with one hand.
It was merely that he knew there was a price for everything, and this, this was his price. For his body. His freedom.
But John didn't stay silent about it, either.
“The village idiots will sacrifice some poor virgin sod, and I'll be left with some blubbering
planning on having us sit at an actual table, for once.” He accused. John could feel his partner’s smile, wicked and just the tiniest bit playful.
The woman’s expression only darkened at the confrontation, and she tapped the spoon for her tea in irritation against the side of the cup. Abruptly she turned to Mycroft, cool blue-grey eyes seeking his counsel, or rather his support.
“You his new friend, then? A broken Gem like him or a human that sympathises with
“I was alone.” Blue whispered, knees clutched tightly to her chest. She sounded small, so lost. “I was
The light went out of the doctor's eyes, and coolness filled in. A numb sort of expression filled John's face as his body went slack, the colour fading from his face. A single voice, calm and placid, spoke to fill the silence.
John sipped his tea, voice never wavering. Sherlock remained dead silent.
Even though John didn't always know how far to push the Dragon, he knew somehow deep in his gut that today was the day. This was for many reasons, but a large one was quite simple: they had run out of time. Sherlock
Unable to respond.
For the first time in a very long while, Sherlock wished he could have lived.
At that same moment, the slapdash collection of monitors watching John’s physical state began to wail in protest. Hajera whipped her head about to look, only to see the medics holding down the soldier’s convulsing form with an expectant air. There was a terrible, inhuman snarling coming from John’s lips, and his teeth looked nearly pointed in the dim light of the chopper.
. You make this work into something enjoyable to read ^_^
Without something to save, Daniel was nothing.
Folding his hands against his lips, Sherlock maintained an outer mask of indifference. His fingers tapped lightly together in a slow rhythm.
“You are the memories that John has of the sexual abuse, then.”
All venues of escape or attack.
“It will be okay, Mrs H. The police will get it sorted, you’ll see.”
Sherlock Holmes was in a Humanoid form, skin no unnatural colours or shades, yet one glance of those pale eyes and a look at those unnaturally high cheekbones and John thought to himself that he had never met someone so alien in his life. The fact that he was in a more “normal” form was not exactly a surprise in itself- most Gems assimilated in some way to fit in better, to hide. Even the fact that he presented as male in Humanoid form was not really abnormal. Yet what was abnormal was the way he moved, sinuous and far too graceful for a Human being. Like he was floating on air, Sherlock straightened and took John’s offered phone from him like he was barely in contact with the ground, flipping through it with a kind of careless grace in his expensive suit that made John feel at once horribly underdressed and scruffy-looking.
He stayed like that for the remainder of the car ride, too afraid to pull away less the creature snap at him, unable to tear his gaze from the spot just between the creature's scapulae.
Sherlock's skinny body sat patiently cross-legged in the middle of the living room floor, seemingly at ease with both his nudity and with John at the moment as he looked about the flat with restless curiosity. Those cool, colourful eyes seemed to
“Just didn’t sleep much last night, honestly.” John replied easily, blue eyes warming with amusement as he took in Greg’s state. The man’s green apron was inside out, and his hair was tousled from running. He had been late for work, and the boss (one Sally Donovan) was probably going to have his head later on. Greg didn’t seem particularly bothered by it though, his smile lazy and warm even as he wrote down an order from a pretty woman in a dark blue dress. John wrote her name on the plastic cup,
In the next instant, the Dragon had curled himself protectively away from John, wings flared and defensive green-gold, a blazing banner to mask the fear in the creature's eyes. John could see some of the Human form that Sherlock had kept to lately fade as scales over took more of his skin, and a low, threatening growl that didn't sound nearly as sure as it should be emerged from his peeled lips. John was surprised when a rippling, melodic language came from the creature's lips, repeating itself over and over again until something clicked, and Sherlock switched to English for the first time. Though his accent was as broken as a badly-strung guitar, John could understand him.
“A blink of an eye for them,” John merely countered, refusing to say anything more on the topic.
“You asked me to kill you.... When you weren't you...” John flinched physically, setting his cup down and rubbing at his face in horror. He looked to the detective with a mix of guilt and shame.
“Look; brother, for you!”
don’t take away their water.
After all, he probably would have done the same thing if their roles had been reversed. It made sense, to take advantage of any opening you could.
The army medic’s jaw clenched, eyebrows drawing together in thought. His voice was quiet, but it was filled with a need for answers. Tired and strung out, John was not in the mood to be jerked about.
thanks to my fantastic beta Iolre! <3 you make my writing so much better :D
Though Mike had lived in a slum district, it was a little known secret that John's friend didn't originally come from a poor name. His Mother, a woman named Willow Evelyn, had been distantly related to the Monarchy, before the War came and turned the government into a thinly veiled dictatorship. Said women in her time had arrived in the poorer district on the eve of a ghostly train in the middle of the night. She had no tags, barely any luggage to her name, and had been in tears when Mike's Father had met her at the Inn she stayed at that night. A barkeeper, and a shy one at that, he had been at first reluctant to pry into the woman's story. She had been a solitary figure, dark brown hair hiding her face and her melancholy
. That's enough growling now
when he came back to himself. Sherlock couldn't help but wonder at
Standing in front of the rows of men, women and Dragons were twelve soldiers, lined in a 'V' formation with an imposing figure standing at its centre. He was tall but not overly so, with close-cropped brown hair swept partially to the side. However the way in which he held himself made him appear much taller, and his sharp-toothed grin sent a decided stir through the ranks even as he introduced himself by barking a greeting at the crowd.
The seal upon seeing Sherlock’s face barked a cheerful greeting, seeming to almost bounce in place. Sherlock let out a chittering noise in return, face alighting in delighted recognition.
“Yes.... Yes it must have been.....through that window.....”
a good reason! One that I plan to divulge to him when he’s old enough to understand! Now release me, John and let me do the job of crushing our son’s hopes and dreams so you don’t have to!”
“Is it worth getting illegal testosterone to have people look at me like I see myself? Is it worth it, binding my breasts down- sometimes with tape or bandages just so that I’m not assaulted on the streets? You’re asking me if it’s worth it, trying to mend my body so that I do not feel quite so compelled to
Hey there!!!
She remained that way for a long time, long into the night. When her husband finally came home, he noticed the burned cigarette stub. Gruffly, he asked who passed by.
Instead of laughing like Sherlock had privately hoped John would, his friend's frown seemed to grow, and his voice lowered in what was dangerously close to sadness even as Sherlock made room for the stubborn man on the couch. John sat next to his friend without hesitation, gaze steady whereas Sherlock's had a tendency to flick back and forth between his hands, John's face, John's neck, and away.
After all, a Dragon was a creature of pride, down to the very last breath. Even Dodge knew that to cry in front of someone was the ultimate scandal. Rude. Offensive in Dragon culture.
He coughed, then cried out again. What he said was something in his own tongue, but it was blurred and twisted to the fading of time. He screamed it again and again, until he was sure his throat was raw. Then he shifted into his true form, screaming into the frigid night air that turned to dawn with the blazing fire.
“What is spoken of in this room I hope we can all assume is placed under the highest secrecy?”
sorry-”
“Just leave her the fuck alone Holmes!”
. It had been long enough that he no longer fell to his knees
Thanks so much for the lovely comments/kudos you've given me, I love them all so much :3
For just a moment, she hesitated, caught between wanting to feel
“What do we usually say then?” John breathed, feeling as if the air was charged with lightning.
Both frowned at the word, and John's hands tightened into fists against his elbows on the table. He was reminded again of all Sherlock had endured as a youth, as well as all the things the man had likely not bothered to say, deeming unimportant. His chest ached in the cavern where his heart should be.
It was a clumsy, half-flailing thing, but he couldn't help but revel in the new form he was given by light of the full moon. His dark curls atop his head bounced, pale bare skin milky white and ghostly as he charged free from his brother's grip. Chastising calls snarled after him, but the pup ignored the adult's scolding in favour of getting the hang of his new limbs. He stared at them as he kicked the waves, clear droplets glittering on his bare skin. The other children watched him and did the same, chattering to each other in their clicking tongue and fingertips exploring the expanse of their own shoulders and arms.
Call it a whim, but he wants to see more of those kinds of smiles.
The barest of glimpses, but it gives a good view of his obviously attractive features.
“Bet you they're dreaming. Babies often kick when they're sleeping... and from what I can tell anyway about his anatomy they're around that point in development.” Not that John had been able to really tell much- A Dragon's rate of growth was much different than a Human's. Sherlock didn't say a word for a full second, still blinking and splaying his hand against the egg, expression so lost and overwhelmed. A moment later his throat clicked dryly, and very quietly he stated
“Why should I care about the exact number?” The Spirit huffed out a small breath, rolling his eyes at the specificity.
Lyle shrugged, stuffing his hands in his pockets leisurely before handing Lieutenant Dodge the taze with an almost careless air.
Setting down his half-empty cup of tea, the detective leaned forward and began.
him, and thanks to
He'd also find himself thinking of high cheekbones and milky-white skin even as he pressed open-mouthed kisses along the woman's arching neck. He'd smirk against her collar-bone, rapidly heating up even as he'd send a sarcastic thought in John's direction.
No memoir for this chapter, as you will soon find out why with a read. >:)
Dodge’s expression was unsympathetic, her arms crossed over her chest.
John liked women.
He slumped, dark curls being combed through greasily with one spider-like hand. Suddenly, all of the fight had left him. Sherlock's voice was hollow as he acquiesced. Too tired to fight. At least while John was looking at him in that way.
“That can be arranged” He murmured quietly, helping John to stand.
There was much about Mrs. Lena Hudson that not many people knew. Having moved to London nearly thirty years ago, she had developed a rather prominent British accent overtime, and thus could pass fairly well to an untrained ear and untrained eye. Coming originally from District Seven in America (What used to be Florida), the elderly woman held a fair few trade secrets from her youth that one might not necessarily expect. For instance, she knew how to peel an orange so that its skin would unravel in a perfect spiral, having eaten many in her childhood with her younger sister (now dead and gone, sadly). She also knew how to appreciate a little bit of rain, since her home-town had scarcely been more than a desert during the summer, and so London by comparison was a viable rainforest. But most of all, Lena Hudson knew how to spot a soul that was hurting from a mile away, because she recognized the primal ache that both man and beast tried to hide when the ones they loved wounded them.
No one had nightmares that night.
“What is it? What's wrong?!”
) sharp tongue and caustic attitude approximately three hours ago.
screech at John like a banshee when the little boy tried to tug at her hair to see if it felt like seaweed.
Like a moth to a flame.
, John. Don't apologise for things you have no control over.”
They passed the morning in a sort of companionable chatter, and though the conversation was rather one-sided, John rather showed his hand by how relaxed he was over the whole thing.
Sherlock was just about ready to panic.
“I have a case for you. Looks to be interesting, it’s a locked room murder. Will you come?”
with the
deadly.....
Slowly, John dared to open his eyes. He was met with no longer a monster, but the illusion of a darkly-curled young boy sitting bare before him. Sherlock, still carefully guarding his privates lest the man-beast before him decide to attack again, cautiously chittered. His question was simple.
In that moment, John felt only pity.
Worse, Sherlock couldn’t even just refuse his transport; the curse of being an Incubi by nature meant that he
This girl seemed
“Sounds like some sort of joke.”
to him, and though the young man hadn't been that interested in what he had to say, the coy, almost flirty tone that Wilkes used stirred something in Sherlock's chest that he couldn't quite identify.
“I have until the next full moon, when my mother holds her ball. That’s one month, exactly. Plenty of time to… get to know him. To show John that this place… can be if not home, not as bad as he likely believes.”
John could feel the man trembling, could feel the heavy leather of the collar. He felt all of his anger abruptly wash out of him like a soothing tide. Replacing it was a wave of sadness and shame. Without thinking, he found himself stroking the top of Sherlock’s curls, running his fingers through them in an attempt to comfort the man who was now coming apart on top of him. Like a child finally going to pieces, it wasn’t long before Sherlock began muttering apologies. They started off in John’s head, broken, fractured images of begging and panic and fear and
“He’s not so bad, you know. Master. He’s… he can be kind.”
this part of himself, of pretending to be a Dragon with a normal Specialty. Something warm rose up inside of Mycroft, dangerously close to being tears. He blinked them away, furious at the emotion. His father’s voice warning him to never reveal his gift to others was drowned out by Greg’s presence, suddenly coming forward until the Dragon’s snout nearly touched Mycroft’s forehead. Hot breath washed over his face, Greg’s voice echoing in his head.
“Then you will be the first to die, John Watson, and no amount of training or rules will help you,” she interrupted, focusing on John with a piercing stare. Her eyes seemed to hold in them a certainty that made the young soldier's stomach twist in discomfort, and though he tried, he could not maintain his fury. It extinguished into a sick kind of foreboding, and without thinking John's fingers traced the sleeve that hid the curling tattoo on his arm. Sherlock's defensive posture remained unchanged, but his tail stiffened, ceasing its restless thrashing. The Dragon's eyes were narrowed in calculation, and he seemed to be mentally taking Dodge apart piece by piece.
“Most of the patients of the projects either died or killed themselves within the first few months of disbanding the facility, and at the time I had put a blanket refusal towards the funding of anything to do with Baskerville. Besides John, there was only one other subject that’s still alive until recent cirumstances, and he’s not what one might call a success story.”
It looked dark inside. John swallowed nervously, balking a little as he strained to see anything inside the inky shadow. Sherlock didn't seem as perturbed. He bounded ahead, stopped only when the hand attached to his new friend's wrist was yanked back by John's hesitation. The pup turned to John in confusion, huffing irritatedly as he realised what the problem was. The creature's voice turned soft and soothing, and even though John was aware he was being manipulated now, he couldn't quite bring himself to care. The tune coiled deeply into the little boy's chest, tunnelling its way into an aching emptiness right by his heart that he didn't know existed until now. It was pure comfort at its most base sound, and no child nor man could hope to resist the melody of a selkie attempting to be kind.
And finally, more hesitantly
They had married within the year.
used to such noises from his life with Sherlock as of late. Mike watched with some trepidation and surprise as his friend
Yet he could not linger upon the consequences of his actions for too long, because John’s subconscious was already forging ahead, tugging him forward into the present in which they came like shades onto an entirely different scene.
Darkness.
“Breaking The Bond will only leave me unable to ever form a romantic attachment ever again, and as a prince I am required to marry and eventually either bear children or aid in the bearing of them. I will be unable to do either, and feel no love for the poor Mate that is saddled with me. I am reckless. I am impulsive, and I am in no way a good leader for our tribe. Luckily, Mummy had you first.” The unspoken, other objection Sherlock might have voiced if he had been younger. Less angry. Less cold and hard to his own emotions from living alone for so long.
He began to study hard and late into the night, trying to find an answer for as much his own problems as the problems of others. He poured over books and heavy medical documents, putting his mind to better use than just sitting and wondering. Waiting for things was useless after all. As he got older, he wondered if all of the other versions were complete personalities, or if they had separate functions. Base duties. His therapist Sarah told him that often the other personalities would have been created under extreme levels of stress. She also told him that despite her attempts at hypnosis to try and bring some of the other personalities out, he had 'trust issues' and couldn't fully relax under her control.
Most of the Dragons looked beaten into submission. They stared at the floor or at their laps, and their eyes looked distant and lifeless. Most of the Humans looked as if they already hadn't slept in weeks, stressed and tired. Threads being pulled taught to their breaking point. John was suddenly aware of how unprepared he was, how little he knew about the political situation. Truthfully, he hadn't actually practised firing a gun in weeks, and God only knew what was going to be expected of him at the compound. He suddenly felt the chafing pressure to get information, the urgent desire to learn more. It was an oppressive weight, one that seized him in the chest and caused Sherlock to shift minutely at his side. Inside his head, his Dragon attempted to soothe his fear.
“Last night… two children went missing. Cara and Thomas White. The Whites have lived here for years, since Sydney married Marcus and settled down here. Their children apparently went exploring like they usually did and…
“John is right, you
Sherlock dreamed of fire. Fire that was so bright, it burned brilliant scarlet and turned the sky a deep magenta pink. It was beautiful, terrible and all-consuming as it ate the mountain before his very eyes. He could feel his breath stolen away by the heat of it, his childlike body threatening to topple over under the force of its molten rage. He crouched in the fast-melting snow, dark curls becoming ashen by the drifting pieces that rained down like little flakes of dead skin. When he inhaled, he could taste their flavour. Gritty and bitter.
“No, John. You've had that since-”
Then, with a small sigh of resignation, he forced himself to untangle from the sweaty, woollen mess.
, both metaphorically and physically. How very much in this moment his life
Quietly, Sherlock let his blue-glinting eyes slip closed, soothed by the sound of his Mate and Hatchling, all but breathing as one.
Claude's footsteps were also lighter than John's, used to being silent. Sherlock found that his
No one else could stand him.
Stupid sentiment.
Sherlock tried not to think
John stuttered, to which the teenager rolled his eyes impatiently. He reiterated, fingers tapping against the counter-top, long and spindly.
“Actually… I was wondering if I could… if I…” He flushed, and that damnable tongue flicked out across his lower lip again. Sherlock could have cursed out loud, because in that moment, he guessed what was coming next. John shimmied lower, looking shyly up at Sherlock from beneath blonde lashes. “Can I… I’d like to have you. In my… in my mouth.”
Then the nightmares came for him.
Three rings.
with no place to go and sitting in a bedsit! Contemplating eating his own gun just because he feels like he
to be because Sherlock was suddenly not Sherlock, there was something
“I'm not letting you leave. Not until I can talk to John. Explain.”
“Already so inebriated, she got dared to give you fellatio.”
And despite all that implied, Sherlock knew yet another thing: John... for whatever reason, was
For one, he was blonde and tanned, a scattering of freckles over his cheeks making him appear younger than he actually was. He had his Father’s dark brown eyes, but they lacked the edge of madness, still holding deep intelligence. He was taller than Hamish but not by much, and stood uncertainly in the doorway as his friend introduced him to Sherlock and John. During the entire meeting, Sherlock kept a close eye on the boy, searching for any signs of deceit or lies.
“An ex-Army doctor honourably discharged due to a shoulder wound. So simple really, pedestrian one might say. Yet
Hello~ I have been away for a while, applications have ruined my life DX but I hope you enjoy the chapter.
He whistled lowly in disbelief.
out. After all, brilliance needed an audience. And when it could not find one, it tended to attract the wrong sort of attention.
“Wish I had something to read. My book got stolen, thanks to fucking Bill.” He sighed to himself. “It was a buggering helpful read, at least. Fucking shame.”
Sherlock nodded to himself before he answered verbally.
Pondering to himself how John Watson ever got it into his head that alone was somehow a safer and more viable option than staying inside the walls of his own flat.
“Don't hurt me....
He trails off, blonde eyebrows lowering as he realizes that his answer can't possibly be correct. Sherlock has seen that expression before, but not quite so obvious on someone's face. John's features are extremely expressive, which
Wide eyed, Sherlock fell still. The never-ending snarl that had peeled his lips back to reveal bone-white teeth ended, and the storm outside turned hushed too abruptly to be entirely natural. For a moment the creature lay on the bed panting, pale expanse of chest heaving with the last vestiges of his fit, shuddering to a stand-still slowly like a train juddering to a halt. Long fingers clenched themselves into fists against their bindings, but the Selkie fell still, seeming to collect itself from its blind fury even as Sherlock blinked away his rage, letting it melt into surprise. The Human before him stood tall and ramrod straight, cane forgotten long ago, cobalt blue eyes almost stern and reprimanding. Though John did not shout again, he spoke with quick, precise sentences, clipped and sharp in his strange tongue. Sherlock understood certain words, his experience of living around cargo ships and scrounging on the edge of the sea teaching him certain key phrases.
“My brother showed up to the crime scene, high as a kite and demanding to see his friend. It was also there he happened to meet Gregory Lestrade.”
“You don't make us leave.” The request came hushed, and the detective remembered his earlier words, said as much in truth as they had been in anger. Before he could respond, Sneak rushed onwards, throwing out excuses, reasons in a silver-tongued streak that was just on the other side of begging.
wants me home at the end of the day, it'd be nice to have all my ribs intact.”
Sleepily, Sherlock imagined a mountain far away, made of ice towers and delicious freezing snow.
“I'm sorry. There is only so much that my skills can do -”
He got tired of having his elbow yanked out of its socket, John soon dug his heels into the stone ground, forcing Sherlock to jerk to a halt. He spun to glare at John, his blue eyes illuminated by a crack of lightning. John forced himself to stand his ground, because there was no way he was going to be trapped in his damn room again.
The army fuelled that, the terror of comrades dying and the daily stress of battle putting its toll on John’s psyche. Though he himself felt none of it, his other personalities suffered. Conrad’s memories consisted mostly of those days, during high-stress situations when he was pressing his hands against someone’s wound, screaming out orders in his captain’s voice and wishing distantly for a cigarette.
he was to rule over.
“What’s his last name; 'Mish? Maybe we can organise a play-date with his parents. We could all go to the museum.”
“He can wait a mo’ I think. Probably gets no action out of you anyway, Stamford’s too much of a wuss to demand something. No. Bet you’re good in bed too, read your file. Used to be part of the pleasure clubs? Learned a thing or two I bet…” His left hand touched her face then, and with Molly’s flinch Sherlock found himself moving. It was with lightning-quick movement that the Dragon lunged, grabbing Wilkes’ wrist and twisting it savagely behind his back. The man yelped, the sound turning into a shriek of pain as the Dragon leaned into the hold, forcing Wilkes to drop his remote. Sherlock looked at Molly even as he did so, his voice harsh and snarling in Dragon-Tongue, eyes blazing wildly.
He saw a face that was at once his and not, short hair yet feminine eyes, all aglow with an inner light.
mean that I am by any means
“By winter they'll be big enough to swim on their own and migrate, at least Uncle Sean thinks so.”
“They wanted to cheer me up, I wanted to go home but Daniel said I couldn't, so we went to the park to play.” More quietly then the little girl added after a moment's hesitation “And John didn't want to be in charge any more.” Then, Claude looked up with an earnest expression that was filled with desperation.
Still, he had to
The army doctor, normally uncaring and flippant about Mycroft’s wants and needs, found himself relating to the man, something lodged in his chest that was tight and painful. His voice was gentler, tempered slightly with the strange sensation.
Or we did in the past, before the Heartsong.” Mycroft didn’t respond right away. For his people, the situation was different. They were not near any large cities or populations, the mountain air too thin for Humans to breathe for long amounts of time. That wasn’t even mentioning the cold or the snow. The mountain was large, and their Hatchlings were few and far in between. He and Sherlock had been a blessing, two children in the span of only nine years. Other tribes had to live alongside Humans, struggling to keep to themselves.
For a moment, Sherlock could see John in the depths of all the other personalities, swimming and trying to keep his head above water. He could pinpoint the exact moment that John Watson let himself drown.
“Brigadier Morstan... To what do we owe the pleasure of your appearance on the first day of training?”
then, smiling slightly.
He was
Whether it would be for John Watson, or Sherlock Holmes
Sherlock froze, half leaning against the toppled bookshelf. His scales turned from a cowering shade of grey-black to a surprised white. Like the inside of a lily, it tinged with a slow, glowing pink as the Dragon turned in confusion, looking at John like had just grown a second head instead of offering him a compliment. Sherlock's eyes were wary, on the lookout for sarcasm or deceit. His irises were wide and round, and in the light of the sun streaming through the living room window, almost clear. John; immediately worried that he had said something
The word for it came to him, insidious and curling in his ear like a hissing snake.
Warnings are in the tags, but giving a heads up, as this one is a bit of a doozy ^.^
Truthfully, it felt like a bad rendition of
like his sister would be. The thought did little to cheer him up however, it was simply too cruel to brighten his mood. Guilt filled John for even considering it.
“You can come in.”
There was a lot to think about, and John Watson figured he might as well be sitting to do it. If Mrs. Hudson knocked lightly on the door to let them know she'd left a plate of biscuits for them on the top step, well, neither Dragon or man could find room to complain.
Kudos and comments are treasured and I love them :3
John. I
Response: Escape.
Sherlock growled, a wordless noise of agitation, and he whirled to face John even as burning determination glowed hotly in his eyes like live coals.
liked sex.
What he saw confused him.
Molly flushed at his stare, hastening to explain herself. “That government man that found us… he seems well, cold. You’re not being held here against your will, are you?”
“Sh-Sher-”
Queen Rania was a petite creature and was made even smaller by the ornamental wraps that adorned her frame. Her hair was dark and inky and tumbled down her shoulders in curls that were held in place with glittering pins. Her skin was the dark tanned characteristic of her people, and her milky eyes contrasted sharply with the dark blue bhindi jewel that glistened from her forehead. Her clothes were all shades of blue, from deepest indigo to the colour of a brilliant desert sky. Yet none of this could hide the broken, scarred skin that stretched across the Queen's face, white and pink and painful. And although her eyes were framed by rather stunning features, her sightless irises stared at nothing. Nevertheless John found at once that the Queen's eyes seemed to be flicking, tracking movement despite their obvious impairment. However, when the truck past the litter, the Queen was surprisingly not the most shocking creature nestled amongst the luxury the Dragon slaves carried upon their backs.
The tide pool glowed a dazzling, shimmering blue. Sherlock leant closer, the marble of his face illuminating so that his eyes burned brightly like fire.
He wished, just once in his life, he could dare to be wrong.
“Tell me human, how is it that you came to find him? Did you hunt him? Take his coat? If you did I assure you, you will not live to see another sunrise. The night comes quickly here, and when it does, I won’t hesitate to drag you down the beach and throw you to the rocks.” He said the last bit almost pleasantly, a sharp grin lighting up his features. It was like a sharpened weapon. “Were you hoping to sell his coat for a sum? I assure you, it’s not worth your while.”
“First day as a medic, soldier. Time to get some hands-on experience.”
He felt like he stood a better chance of being eaten than the bacon.
Perhaps in a way, that was why he couldn't stop himself from lying there, night after night.
As if sensing his friend's suppressed excitement, Sherlock's wings twitched firework-green. The man continued, gaze sweeping over the crowd of soldiers critically even as he stepped forward, voice pitching itself with long-earned ease so that everyone could hear him without the slightest of problem.
and from what little teachings John knew, he didn’t think he recognized the spirit as one in any of the teachings from religious texts. To think that there were spirits, darkness that his village wasn’t aware of, wasn’t surprising. It still sent a chill down John’s spine. He had looked into that wolf’s eyes and seen only hunger, bloodlust and desire. The creepy, human-like laugh that had come from the creature’s muzzle was enough to make him physically shudder.
his free time inside a furnace, which given the scene laid out before him, John supposed was true.
“Funny, you’re the second person to ask me that today.”
Sherlock didn't think himself fat. That was too simple an issue. No. He merely didn't like where the fat on his body
the shifting of scales about him as he sat crouched, his knees tucked against his chest and his tail curling about him in the darkness. His collar choked him today more than usual, as he was tucked into the furthest corner of his cage.
of the
Sarah answered after a moment, blue eyes soft and half-hidden by her mussed hair. She looked at him
What was he even…?
“Sherlock-” The D.I tried to interrupt, stop the tide of information, but Sherlock appeared to be having none of it. He flicked his coat collar up against the chill air, leading the way for John with a silent jerk of his chin.
John, but it meant that now they faced an issue neither knew entirely how to solve. Like a Rubik's cube, hopelessly tangled and scrambled so that no colours marked the right sides, They
Darkness pulled at him with sordid hands, the pain in his skin begging for blissful unconsciousness that he could not deny any longer. A small part of him warned him that the Human in the corner staring at him could be dangerous still, but Sherlock couldn't quite bring himself to worry. After all, he could still hear its thoughts, and they had kept up a pleasingly steady stream of servile tones the entire time.
to his feet, Sherlock right by his side as he
Irene didn’t tremble with relief, but it was a near thing. She was so afraid, and so cold, and
Curling into his cot, John vaguely realised that he hadn't heard or seen Bill or Rin since before the battle. Murray's bed lay empty, tucked neatly into a corner like it hadn't been touched since the morning. Briefly, John spared a note of worry, wondering if the pair had been hurt.
my beta is currently away, and soon I will be going on a temporary hiatus....
Although he did it much more thoroughly.
John almost didn't notice that the spot in which he stood above from it all was being slowly infiltrated, a few strong farmhands climbing the wall of the building stealthily, heaving themselves up onto the roof behind John's back. The young man was only alerted the instant Mary screamed his name, and he spun only to have his arms wrenched behind him, the people he had grown up with unwilling to face the wrath of a terrible and mighty force of nature.
“Sherlock! They're doing it! She-He... they're doing it!”
a slave. He'd sooner risk getting torn open or shot at than risk sleeping
and how he couldn't
Daniel looked at the man before him, taking in Sherlock's careful expression, and the twisting emotions lurking in those eyes that he could hide from most. But not The Body, because John Watson knew Sherlock Holmes.
hungry, and if you squirm too much, I might just
John's voice
It didn’t stop him though, couldn’t. Not when Sherlock wouldn’t stop looking down at him, his expression strangely vulnerable. Not with Iolite’s voice muttering in John’s ear about how the detective’s thoughts were supposedly filled with
in suppressed fury. When he did speak, it was
He thought to himself it’d be peaceful, if only for a moment he could not worry about blinking, about breathing.
He did everything he could possibly do to ensure an early death in the Kennels. Because if this was life in all of its glory, it was so boringly painful he didn't want to live it.
Without further ado, the next chapter :3 Edited by the lovely and helpful Leanora.
Nothing answered, and no prophecies or well-wishing glimpses of advice made themselves known as the Water-Spirit continued to stroke the human’s ear in bemusement.
to tease me... but their own
The personality tittered, John's cheeks turning pink in flattery at being called brave. Claude couldn't seem to entirely hide her bashfulness as she was suddenly overcome by the desire to fiddle away the compliment. Sherlock watched as John hid his face in the collar of his jumper, like a little kid concealing themselves behind his Mother's skirts as he mumbled a reply.
Sherlock’s arms are thinner than John remembers, and littered with track marks. Like constellations they stain the detective’s skin, and the army doctor wants nothing more than to press his lips to each one, kiss them away. It’s been two months since he’s seen his lover, Sherlock having gone into rehab quickly after their reconciliation. John feels like he’s looking at a pale ghost of the man that he used to know, but it is better than the crushing weight of fear he had felt when Sherlock had vanished into his homeless network. At least in this moment John knows that Sherlock is alive, and once again he finds his fingers entwined with those longer digits, thumbs sweeping over the man’s knuckles in a soothing motion. John’s voice is rough, emotion implied but left unsaid as he murmurs quietly.
In this case, the government official thought that perhaps such foolishness was not so useless after all.
about her in crinoline and lace. She smiled at him in what seemed
The voice made John nearly jump out of his skin. He just barely avoided dropping the music box, whirling to find a figure standing at the foot of the bed. It was a woman, dressed in an elaborate teal robe. It shimmered down her body, making her body not well-defined in the dark. She blended into the shadows and at once stood out.
Then there is silence.
John didn't use the low-blow he was at first tempted to spit at Greg, that his wife hadn't been
Left alone, John found himself looking out onto the dark expanse of water, feeling its warmth and remembering that he hadn’t bathed since the ceremonial cleansing he had endured in preparation for coming to Sherlock’s home. He likely still smelled like the heavy herbs Raz has doused him with, and the thought sent something nauseous coursing through John. He made little work of stripping himself, shrugging off his clothes like a snake shedding its skin. His bare feet brushed the water, feeling its warmth and marvelling at it. Living in a village with drought, water was something precious and treasured. The fact that there was so much of it - warmed too - made John’s brain a little bit dizzy. He had never really known what it was like to not be thirsty on some level, and cupping the water in his hands he drank, oblivious to the slightly bitter taste of it and its heat.
It did not make the Dragon’s realisation any more palatable.
“I’m feeling better.” He admitted, quietly.
“We’re alright Holmes, seriously. John’s still out of it but with how weak I’m feeling, he’s likely gonna make a comeback soon enough.”
Though Sherlock wanted nothing more than for the old woman to leave him alone, there was something decidedly Motherly about her presence, and the small instinct he had to respect the elderly
“That's true. He
Sherlock knew.
And John felt a shiver of dread lick up his spine at those simple words.
The hands about his throat were as immovable as they were strong, and they did not hesitate to wrap around his wind-pipe even as John's knee came sharply upwards to make an aim for the detective's groin. A second too late Sherlock
He folded his hands in a curious steeple-like expression in front of his face.
“Loved you.”
Called out a name he didn't associate with himself.
Though no one could be sure who it came from, it was repeated to her unease more often than she could truthfully count that night.
John felt the lightness in his chest sink like a stone at the words. Of course that was what this was about. Not an attempt at an apology or a new start, but a learning experience for him. He wasn’t sure why that sat ill with him, but something must have crossed his expression, because Sherlock pressed his lips together into a thin white line. He seemed strangely childish to John, in the way he glared in sudden and fierce disgust as the fruit in his hands, as if were to blame for the change of mood.
Or a lamb that could act just like a monster.
“No one's ever said no before. Not when I've been serious.”
“Oh come
“Where did you
One, something had happened to John, and as such he was now a Dragon up for auction (A lack of collar meaning his tags were being reordered). This was an option Sherlock’s mind shied away from, something painful and raw and
Neither Holmes appeared to even acknowledge the fact that they'd woken the man at seven in the morning, nor did they bother to lower their voices. Sherlock was too angry, and Mycroft was uncaring.
John was apparently an irritable git who wasn't about to talk to him any time soon. Then he jumped as a horribly loud crashing noise sounded from behind the door, like the bed was being torn apart by its hinges.
Sherlock was allowed to see John two days after he found out the bitter truth of his Magic. Since then, he’d spent most of his time curled in his bed, furiously thinking of a way to reverse what he and John had inadvertently done. The Dragon had been a study in sharp angles and ridged lines as he thought, his mind always drifting back to press against the thread that now hummed between him and his Mate.
Everyone could tell, the collar about her neck was a dead give-away. It was industrial, metal and leather, and it was hooked to the leash the man held as if he stood a chance at stopping something like a Dragon from killing someone if he had a mind. Of course, the real security was the fact that John could see the electrical glow flashing in the ring about her pale throat, threatening shocks if she were to suddenly lash out and attack for some reason. Her eyes were as pale as a sky just before Dawn crests over a horizon, and her cheeks were high and angular. She had silver-blonde hair cascading down over her shoulders, and it had a slight wave as if suggesting it was used to being braided for battle. Rosebud lips were pressed into an unreadable line, and her pale skin was in stark contrast to the green-brown military uniform she wore. Upon feeling John's gaze upon her, she stared back. The young man saw in those eyes an empty sort of calculation, and he felt something in the back of his neck crawl upon those pale irises meeting his own. Though her face was blank, John got the distinct impression that she was not at ease. Her limbs may have been slack, but there was a feral way about her that seemed to make most people either eye her with curiosity as he had done or shrink away in fear.
sunbathing. Your limp's bad when you walk, but you don't ask for a chair when you stand.
“I’ll do better.” Irene growled, her teeth gritted against her fear. She wouldn’t cower, even though everything in her body screamed at her that she should.
“Thank you.”
Sherlock however, was quick to respond. He answered instantly, tone cut and precise as he turned to his violin after quickly stripping away his coat. His long, elegant fingers plucked at the strings, letting them hum before drawing his bow like a blade across their middle. The instrument let out a long, mournful note like the swelling of a bell-chime.
As if to prove her point, she waved a hand to Sherlock's form, still half-morphed into a formidable creature of scale and teeth. The Dragon spat ice in her direction, the frost hitting the floorboards and immediately jutting upwards in perilous spikes. They formed a intimate, deadly ring around John. Macabre, but well-fortified. John privately suspected that if one were stupid enough to try and cross the ring, the spikes would move and grow. Like living spears, he could picture the damage they could wreak on a human body. Dodge, on the other hand, seemed nonplussed by the threat. She crossed her arms over her chest and huffed, waiting for John's response. He was quick to give it.
Mrs Hudson nodded sagely, as if she suspected as much. Her weathered hands gathered together to clasp towards her chest, and her voice was decidedly lower as she murmured
At the beginning of the last week, Dodge phoned John to let him know that he had a day to get Sherlock used to the idea of her bringing Cerioth over for the equivalent of a 'play-date'.
Sherlock woke to the bang of a bullet echoing in his mind. The Dragon reared from his cot, drenched in a cold sweat. But his waking revealed no dangers, and the desert was quiet and dark even as the moon spilled over the base, drenching everything in a pallor like bone. Heaving quietly in his blankets, the Dragon shivered, though he had never been cold a day in his life. Across the tent, he saw Murray's form, sound asleep and shifting only at the sound of his harsh breaths. Sherlock struggled to reign them in, silencing them with a sharp bite to his wrist. The skin came away puckered and angry, but it calmed him.
off with a rumbling that he felt from the base of his spine to the tips of his toes. It was a terrible noise, gut-wrenching and distinctly predatory, the kind that made a man's hair stand on end and his knees tremble. At least it would have, if John hadn't grown
“Afghanistan or Iraq?” Looking up, John blinked in surprise.
well, this was a huge project that I'm afraid rather got away from me ^_^ This is officially the last chapter, but I'm in the process of writing a fluffy epilogue.
It appeared however that such a thing was the wrong thing to say, as the Dragon's eyes darkened, and his upper lip curled in fury.
The army doctor wasn't surprised when a moment later, Sherlock's head ducked down to his chest, and a shaking took his partner that made the bed tremble. John's hands were steadying forces as they stroked Sherlock's shoulder's, his own tears making it hard to see.
“I won’t go to the women’s cells. You can’t make me.”
“Having second thoughts already soldier?”
He would roll over in his bed, a frown on his face as he remembered the little baby girl that had come fresh from the hospital smelling of talcum and milk, and wondered if somewhere, something had gone wrong.
“All of you are welcome in the North.” The greeting was standard, and the princesses seemed to look at him with amusement. They were older, and Mycroft got the distinct impression that they thought his stiff mannerisms were
“Claude.”
It was a lullaby filled with a haunting kind of certainty, and for a moment the boy caught a glimpse again of the hunger underneath the boy. Sherlock was not quite human-looking in the light of the moon, all pale edges and dark shapes. He did not seemed overly worried or concerned about his own family, and though his sentences were simple, John got the uncomfortable feeling that the creature was much brighter than he appeared to be. If John had been older, he might have voiced that Sherlock's grip upon his wrist was vice-like, or he might have at least questioned why Sherlock paused once only to scoop a hollowed out shell from the sand. It was a mussel half; its pearly inside shimmering in the pup's palm before the two boys were overshadowed by the outcrop of the cave.
). Mrs. Hudson stared at it wide-eyed for a moment, her voice falling silent as she came to hear the rumbling growl that vibrated through the very floorboards of the flat. She turned back towards the couch as she came to notice that a pair of fierce blue-green eyes glared at her in outrage from behind the shadow of the couch.
so from the sounds of it you guys were most interested in Sherlock being a Northern Dragon, so that's what I went with. :3
He ignored the pang of loneliness that rippled down his spine at that thought.
because he
He did not explain why, turning without a word back towards home.
. Different from the other Alters the detective had met as of yet. Sneak did not hesitate to speak of the others, steadily making his way through the tin of desserts even while complaining good-naturedly about his weight. He was brutally honest in his observations, to the point where Sherlock might call him deliberately callous, but he always seemed to know when to draw away at the last moment. He spoke in riddles, opening doors and then putting barricades in front of them when the detective tried to pry his way inside. Talented at giving nothing and everything away, Sherlock
“That was mean.” He giggled a little, suddenly liking Greg a lot more. The man grinned, completely unrepentant.
Stress seemed to be a factor....
, and that even if they did they most certainly would not grow in a curving single-file line out into the beyond. He knew a trap when he saw one, even with his brain half-fried and in distress. His eyes narrowed into calculating slits, noting that the Human had vanished at some point in the night.
Reluctantly, he uncurled himself from the corner of the tub with a small hiss of contempt, keeping up the act even though his shoulder slumped it defeat. The shit-eating grin that the Human had plastered on his face at his reaction was positively
Whatever reaction John had been expecting, it hadn’t been for Molly to flush an even darker shade of blush than she normally already was. She was nearly the colour of the Gem which rested on the palm of her right hand, and she stuttered with whatever she had been about to ask.
Either way, it was supremely gratifying, and Sherlock’s body ached a bit in response. The detective nipped then at John’s lips one last time before ducking lower, finding the man’s neck and making him squirm.
Wilkes wore an expression of almost boredom on his face, and his tone was dry even as he held down the button to the silver remote and watched in faint interest as his Dragon writhed and whined through his clenched teeth.
The tow-headed young man began to lose himself in the press of the brightly-robed people. John almost didn't turn around in time when Harry called “Oh. JOHN!”
The Dragon that was injured as it turned out was a rather hot-headed English (John thought the pun was necessary and well-intended) and didn't seem to take well to the mollycoddling nature of the nurse attending him. He was dark as a nut, with micah-flecked eyes that were slitted in detestation, and he chafed uncomfortably in his hospital bed even as the rather apologetic-looking nurse hovered over his bandages.
, and the thought made his nose visibly curl with distaste. However that feeling soon went away when he imagined the
Fascinating still, John seemed determined to pretend as if their stares did nothing to him. His chin lifted defiantly, the stocky little human stepped forward, seating himself after a moment on the plush cushions left for him at Sherlock’s side. He sat on his knees, tense for a fight with his jaw locked. John avoided Sherlock’s gaze directly, even as he greeted him.
“Not… no. Not distressed so much as…” He trailed off, trying to find the words. His brows furrowed in determination. “I’m. Regretful.” John finally sighed, eyes closing. “So much of my childhood was filled with blank spots, and a part of me wishes it would stay that way. My memories… I never got to experience, what it was like to just be a kid. It was taken from me… and with my memories returning, I can’t pretend it wasn’t any more.”
Dodge refused to be cowed. Instead, she physically pushed Cerioth into the back of the car, until he was lying on the seats in a curved ball. She then took over the driver's seat, inserting the keys with a precise twist. The rumbling of the engine was just loud enough that she could pretend she couldn't hear the near-silent sobs quaking the Dragon behind her. Her answer was small but firm.
he hadn't (Sebastian had been brutal this week, and every time he thought about eating it sent waves of anxiety and unease through him) would only bring his friend distress. So, choosing instead a carefully crafted half-truth, Sherlock replied.
It was an order, thinly veiled by politeness and a harlequin front of intimidation. John could see anger in his friend's features, but Bill's face was also a shade whiter than usual. As if sensing his triumph, Wilkes' sneered his orders loudly enough for the group to overhear.
“Someone loves you.” Irene cooed down at the Sherlock, and John closed his eyes for a moment in pain because in a moment, his cards had been read. Luckily, the detective seemed far too thrown off by the entire situation to much notice. His blue eyes darted from Irene’s face and away, and he looked strangely young and uncertain even as the Woman pulled the white card from around his neck, placing it between her teeth with a snarl.
The rest of the surprise could wait, he supposed. After all, he could always get dressed again later on.
Mycroft, to his credit, merely arched a brow in answer. The elder Holmes brother looked polished, deliberately immaculate in his appearance. Clean. Yet John could sense in the air something heavy and oppressive, a weight that followed Mycroft Holmes wherever he went, unrelentingly pressing upon those around him.
Neither of them laugh at the little joke, and it falls silent in the still air. Daniel's face is a tight mask of control, refusing to let any of his emotions break through to the surface. He can feel the control on The Body is tenuous right now, prone to slipping because adrenaline is what wakes him.
“I’m called Sera, to most Sally. You seem a little shy. What’s the matter, afraid of the water?”
“You're... You're a
to bring John back to him.
“Might as well not split hairs.” Sherlock snapped, his arms crossing over his chest. He spoke coldly, detached. It was as if he was bored of the whole matter, no, more irritated. “I haven’t made it rain over your village for oh…”
Insanity was the only logical excuse.
are you?! And why in the world are you calling
“That’s
He shuffled a little closer towards the door automatically, freezing just at the threshold to take another ice-cube and pop it into his mouth with gusto. He chewed for a moment, seeing that down the hall more of them glittered wetly under the dim lighting, promising relief from being so uncomfortably warm. He caught his infernal tail swaying again lightly, urging him onwards with bright and totally unfounded hopes of a soft bed and cool water to drink. However Sherlock refused his thoughts to go down that road, as he'd only be disappointed and twice as miserable later on if he did.
“I have a brother too. He's a lot like that too, always meddling. In some ways he's more parent than sibling.”
Clouded.
“I looked for him of course, as did Victor, but neither of us could find him. I had much less resources at my disposal at the time, to be fair. My brother immersed himself in the homeless culture of London, and I didn’t find him for quite some time. By the time I had, he’d acquired testosterone by illegal means, yet not managed to kick his cocaine habit. It took Victor’s untimely death to even bring the man out of the woodwork, he had become so much like the waifs and rats that dwell in London’s underbelly. I barely recognised the man when he came to me. My brother... it changed him. Everything.”
“You've got to help me! Please mate! I don't have the heart to use the collar and-”
When Shyla had been twelve, she'd believed her older brother could do anything. Be it spare her from another one of Mummy's horrid dress-up parties or simply teach her about the biological functions of the bees outside their yard, the little girl held firm faith that if she was frightened or in trouble, then Big Brother Myc would come through in the end to help her.
hey everyone ^_^ long time no post, I know. Sorry about that, going back home for a bit seems to have taken the time away from me.
It was a strange thing, hearing silence for a change come from Sherlock's end. It stretched on for such a long time that John almost considered repeating himself, only as soon as the thought crossed his mind his Dragon growled.
For a moment he hovered, torn between the recent loyalty he had acquired in someone else and his own instincts, the defence he had built up to survive.
For when he finally could manage to open his eyes, to sit up, a cup of tea waited for him on the table, still-warm. He had never talked about his past to anyone, could never remember it. Perhaps it was better that way?
“She doesn’t. I’m… I’m
John feels....
Mycroft offers him a dead smile. One that doesn't reach his eyes. He taps his dark umbrella on the concrete floor, matching the rhythm of the dripping water from the pipes absently. His tone is lightly chiding, as if he's telling off a small child for being petulant. Trying to make a person see his side in an argument.
“Fear not your majesty, I too can vouch for Hamish. He’s a good man.”
Louder. More of a growl. Sherlock twitched and shifted shamefully, his movements jerky as if he was barely aware of how tense he was. His blue eyes melted into gold, slitted and narrowed.
It was soon drowned out by the rhythmic drum of feet on pavement.
is a front; Sherlock. He's bait and worse, you've
His camp offered no sleep however, when the soldier came to see that two figures stood in silence at the mouth of his tent. In the darkness, their discerning features were difficult to make out, and John stopped briefly in a mildly paranoid moment of suspicion and panic before he recognised the glint of the blonde hair. Using the last of his energy, John managed to stand tall and straight, saluting wearily to Lieutenant Dodge and Brigadier Morstan.
He had not been expecting the level of chaos that had descended upon the hospital upon the helicopter’s arrival. Mycroft had watched as his staff tore down the hall, trying to hold down a bleeding, dying man even as they barked terse orders at one another. Through the grime, the soldier had been recognisable from his reports: John Watson, now in the middle of a damaged Bond. Broken. Shouting unintelligibly. Behind John, a bed that held a Dragon that was at once a stranger and an aching memory.
What was there to fear?
Sherlock was first aware that it was happening again when he realised that the idea of John leaving sent a spike of something hot and unwanted rippling painfully through his chest.
“Deal.”
Sherlock, hadn’t he. Kissed him like some common whore looking for a way to pay for his people’s water. What was more, it had been
“.....John.....”
John didn't think twice as he stuck out his hand, the chance of getting out of the Slums a one in a million chance he wasn't about to refuse.
Sherlock realised something was wrong when John took exactly five minutes longer than he usually did when going to the lav. He had already been somewhat nervously counting the minutes, unsure why he was as wound up as he was even as his fingers ticked restlessly against the wall the leaned on. His phone was in his other hand, but he couldn't text Lestrade since he was working on another case and he felt like it would be slightly awkward to text his flatmate when he was “attending to business”....
There was something fragile to their features, in those high cheekbones and pale skin, yet John knew the muscles lining the detective’s abdomen, his arms. Coupled with scars both self-inflicted and received, Sherlock when wearing his coat could make a menacing figure. Shyla too, with her height and the mercurial glint in her eye. Both of them John found he loved fiercely, and part of him wondered how anyone could look at them and see something ugly instead of beautiful. He loved them so much it felt like his heart was aching some days, and though the detective seemed convinced that the life they were living now was sustainable, John wondered at times if Sherlock was happy. The army doctor wondered if somewhere on their quest for said happiness, if the detective had lost their way. For people were cruel, and John was no fool. He knew why no cases were taken earlier in the day, and it wasn’t because of his marvellous skills in bed (though a part of him did puff up a bit in pride that Shyla wanted him, had let herself be with him). No, it was because as beautiful as John found Shyla, found Sherlock, he knew already that only one side of the detective existed to the general public.
In front of him, Sherlock's eyes had narrowed into pensive slits, and the drumming of his fingers on his knees was loud in the comparative quiet. His voice was low as he rattled off deductions, the ink of his curls glistening, so much like Amber's had all those years ago. Dark and sweet.
“And Grandma says whenever we feel alone the ocean will talk to us, if we only listen.”
Her hands had gripped the rusted rungs and her knuckles had turned white as she hoisted herself up, turning to give Harry a hand up to the bottom rung, who in turn held out a hand for John. Climbing had been fairly easy, but John wasn't used to heights. His Mother had whispered to them not to look down, and the curious little boy had made the mistake of ignoring her and looking directly below. Beneath him the ground seemed to stretch impossibly far below, and John's stomach had dropped out from under him in horror as he realized distantly that if he fell he'd crack his head out onto the pavement. His entire body stilled with frozen terror, his hands gripping the rungs so tightly that the blood had drained from his knuckles, and his knees buckled and threatened to give way. His heart pounding in his ears, he stood stuck. Unable to move forward, yet unable to go back.
This got a grin out of John, his mismatched blue eyes amused.
The water was clear enough that John could see the pale boy swimming beneath him, kicking effortlessly down into the waves to reach the sand beneath on the ocean floor. He was a silvery figure, somehow too sinuous to quite appear real to John before he kicked back to surface with a gasp, a handful of shining pebbles in one hand. He eagerly pushed them towards John, who admired their pretty, swirling colour vocally even while concentrating on keeping himself afloat. He kept a safe distance between him and the creature, about an arm's-length, but when their hands brushed at the exchange of the stones John saw that whatever aggression had possessed Sherlock at the beginning had vanished, at least for now. Replaced with wide-eyed wonder and childlike good-intent, the boy looked almost Human. Save for the fact at that when the moon hit his irises, they glowed like sapphires blazing in front of a hearth. Soon, John wasn't surprised when Sherlock began to hum questions at him, his voice sighing out enquiry to the night air softly in the dark.
“Nothing. Not a single fecking fact that I couldn’t find in some fairy tale book.” Something else crashed. Dust fell from the floorboards and stung Cerioth’s eyes. He squinted into the darkness, hoping to catch a glimpse at what had Murray so riled.
“You’re safe. Safer. Safest compared to him.”
“So,” John licked his lips, deciding it’d be best just to dive straight into things “I understand that the wolf that we saw was someone that you don’t really get along with.” He had to be careful, not give too much away. After all, John didn’t think that even Sherlock would believe that the ghost of his dead bride came to John to haunt him/ impart slightly questionable life advice. Sherlock didn’t confirm nor deny John’s statement, but his shoulders hunched a little, giving away his discomfort with the discussion. “Before that, it’s my understanding that you wanted to um,
Even if Mycroft could no longer hug him. His voice might have brought what little comfort would be needed to soothe the ache inside the banished prince's chest.
from the front door just then, a second later the detective himself sweeping into the living room mid-rant over a
Detective. Only one in the world, I invented the job.”
Everything. Even you! Even Sherlock Holmes! What is the point of staying alive if there is nothing that can hold your interest?! If there is nothing to break and burn!” John's voice shouted across Mycroft's office, and it echoed deafeningly in the man's ears so that he barely heard the whispered lament of the madman. It was as soft as a downy feather.
John’s breath was sweet, and he wasted no time in planting open-mouthed kisses along the edge of Shyla’s jaw, down the column on her neck. He didn’t stop there, falling to his knees rapidly and pressing his lover up against the wall. Shyla felt her breath quicken at the sight, eyes huge and heat humming in her belly. John peered up at her through the fan of his lashes, a small smile quirking his lips even as his thumbs pressed gentle circles into her hips. The sight made the detective bite down on her lip and shiver, a pretty flush crawling across her cheeks. For just a second, she forgot the fact that just a moment ago she had been self-conscious about her choice in clothes. John for his part liked the warmth in his lover’s gaze, and he liked more the small squeak of surprise and delight as he ran his nose along the noticeable bulge greeting him. The ex-army doctor’s hands were warm as they slowly hiked Shyla’s skirt upwards, revealing a sight that made John hiss as lust coursed through him.
These thoughts, only half-formed and the product of a sleep-deprived and stressed mind, felt unfamiliar to the soldier. He accounted it to the fact that he still felt sticky, unclean, despite the fact that he had scrubbed the blood off of his skin until his arms had been pink and chafed with hot water.
The quiet clattering of his busy hands wasn’t particularly loud, but the detective eyes suddenly sparked, and he reached out in annoyance as if to stop John from being such a nuisance. However his hand froze just before he touched him, hovering for a moment before Sherlock scowled and drew back to his seated stillness. John frowned slightly, wondering why the detective was looking at him with such unease.
It stretched out seemingly endlessly, Sherlock hardly dared to breathe. He could hear his own heartbeat, massive compared to John's thundering away. For a moment, he could taste copper in his mouth.
“It doesn't matter. The fact is that if I had squeezed any harder, it's likely I would have broken something permanent.” John's voice was
All a mistake.
Strawberries and snogging did in fact, go together rather well. In John’s humble opinion, it was definitely something he didn’t object to.
His brother's smile is practically predatory. Stretching across his face as he flexes his fingers over the handle of his umbrella. Sherlock imagines suddenly staining the front of that suit with tea, if only to see his scowl and perhaps to burn him.
“Downstairs. There are places we can sit.” Sherlock murmured, looking towards John. He forced himself to keep his head held high, though his expression was soft when he saw the worry etched into his companion’s features. “John. Go take a shower. I’ll explain to Lestrade.” His voice bartered no availability for an argument.
, but then he shook his head and got back to the task at hand.
Tell me, when did you decide to mother me instead of simply raid my notes for studying?”
He could kill him.
He had a day to get Sherlock to accept it.
It ended with them somehow kissing, and though John’s memories, his trauma still lingered, he found that this he could do. This gentle, playful, intimate kind of touch that was so far removed from anything he had come to associate sex or relationships with. It was new, and though it didn’t evolve past kissing, it was wonderful.
“It's not from a relative.”
John struggled to collect himself, hands tightening into fists even as the word
A personal punching bag if it suited him.
The figures were outlined on the horizon, at first ink-blot shadows against the sun set high in the sky. They came with the slow, stilted movement of the wounded. At first, John feared the worst as he stepped out of the jeep. The idea of the
Then, Shyla remembered John’s affectionate
He was just about to travel up the steps to go find
And when Mycroft found out about the drug use and cut Sherlock's inheritance off, the young man didn't hesitate to do more than just pay the sharp-eyed young man with cash.
eat though.”
smell, all of Sherlock's thoughts came screeching to a halt. His pale blue eyes flicked to the standing figure, their pupils wide. The boy halted, freezing like a rabbit locking eyes with a fox.
“Hal works lots since he's a lot older than me, but he really does his best. He makes me sandwiches all the time for school and helps me with maths, since I'm rubbish at them.”
“You know who it is.”
A command impossible to deny.
And in that moment, Sherlock doubted his own words.
He finishes with a small grin of satisfaction, pleased at how entirely ruffled John looks. It's enough to push him to continue, impulsively thinking he can get some more clues if he gets him to enough of an unbalanced state. The soldier doesn't help, encouraging him by asking
“What’s your dance style?”
Mrs Hudson sniffed, reaching into her pocket for an embroidered handkerchief. The old woman blew into it noisily, wiping away the tears from her eyes.
“But you know, I don't put out without someone buying me a drink first. So treat this as pay-as-you-go.”
“Listen to me, I need you to breathe. Try and copy my breaths. I am aware that you
The Water Spirit now sat upon one of the many elaborate cushions of his chambers, absentmindedly listening to the orchestra of rainfall outside. His blue eyes glowed with power, yet his fingers were gentle as they found themselves reaching up, tucking the curled figure on his bed up more tightly.
She was an incredibly warm woman, and though she had to have been in her seventies she moved about the place with a kind of Mothering presence that reminded John distinctly of his own Mum when he had been very small. It was a calming atmosphere, and though he had started out being fairly nervous being in a new District and a new City, the knot of worry slowly loosened as she harried about him, doing chores even while stating emphatically that she was
John.”
sorry I'm only updating my oneshot type things guys ^.^'' school doesn't really allow me to do much else. once summer comes updates shall increase.
“You were missed at last weekend’s gala. I had several courtesans ask after you.” Pale eyes narrowed, and John felt a whisper of the elder Holmes’ power trickle into the air like a ghost.
until a black-streaked shadow caught another mid-air, ripping the Dragon's Master from their harness so that they fell screaming back to the desert below. Too far away to reach him in time, John could merely watch transfixed, eyes wide as he took in the contorted angle at which the woman's neck was bent. A moment later, her Dragon fell too. Two-tonnes of Chinese Dragon had never been so deadly when it was being hurled as a make-shift javelin towards the ground.
had melted away, convinced that it was impossible.
“We seem to have company.”
He hung up the phone just as the first dregs of
The soldier shifted slightly, and Sherlock's eyebrows lowered in confirmation.
around good people, Sherlock. Lestrade, Mrs Hudson, Molly, even. And they all
Or maybe it was the glitter he saw in the depths of his eyes when he carelessly deduced him. His life.
If the detective noticed how his blogger suddenly took longer showers, he didn't seem to comment on it.
After all, without Victor, Sherlock didn’t exactly have very many places to go. That night, lying on his back in the bathroom with the sting of freshly-made cuts on his legs and a singing high in his veins, Sherlock closed his eyes for the first time and imagined what it might be like to not exist.
John opened his eyes, the dregs of a dream lingering at the back of his teeth. They left them feeling furry, and he licked his lips as he stared at the familiar white ceiling of his hospital room. It was becoming a sight that he was accustomed to, followed swiftly by the head of curling hair that would habitually block the light from his vision.
And Sherlock felt blind panic constrict his chest, because if he stood down, it would mean admitting weakness. Yet if he attacked, not only would he likely be injured if not die, John's trust in him would break.
printed in place of
In the end, it took until nearly nightfall for Sherlock to find himself recovered enough to do little more than dream and sweat and grimace in pain. As it was, Mycroft took breaks from looking after his brother by making himself apparently comfortable in John’s flat, those flat grey eyes daring the army doctor to pass judgement as he rifled through the kitchen, stealing boxes of crackers and after a moment of consideration, the piece of salmon in the fridge that John had bought from the grocers. To his credit, the army doctor didn’t really complain, save to shoot the man a dark look as he carried the food out of the kitchen and upstairs towards the bathroom. John felt as though he couldn’t really, considering the fact that he’d flatly refused Mycroft’s demand at returning Sherlock’s cloak until he was well enough to request it himself.
The detective, deciding to perhaps let small battles lie, closes his mouth tightly. A reluctant nod is all he has to give before Daniel is loping up the stairs. Sherlock is left to the quiet and cold silence of the lower floor of the flat, his hands in his pockets and a small scowl of unease fighting the wall of ice that is his features. Upstairs, Daniel lies down carefully on the soft bed. He lets his legs hang over the sides, so his feet just brush the floor. His hands rise up behind his head and cup the back of his neck, and he stares at the ceiling.
in his lap as he listened to the shuffling footfalls of his
for crying out loud. The ex-army doctor’s parents hadn’t wanted such sentimentalities drowning out John’s common sense, yet here he was. A barmy fool, chasing after the illusion of magic and myth again like he was a child.
Sherlock thought the whole festival utterly ridiculous. A day to celebrate pedestrian things, and to beg him arbitrarily again and again for something he would not be able to give until this night was over. At this rate, he was just irritated enough that he might even consider not
Wordlessly, the teen allowed himself to be lead, Sebastian's grip on the back of his neck as threatening as it was inescapable.
“What do you mean by that, Hamish?”
Sherlock knew immediately what John was implying.
His last thought before darkness took over was that his John was leaving again. The sight of him turning his back caused indescribable despair to wash through the Selkie’s already addled mind before sleep took over, final and heavy.
The Dragon's rumble was spat between them. “
What undid Sherlock was the accent that rolled off of John’s tongue, completely foreign and vaguely amused. John looked at Sherlock as if he were a fly, caught helplessly in the web of a spider.
“Sherlock! Sherlock
And yet his Song was not yet strong enough to pull the wonderfully vivid life towards him, unable to lure his prey. Running a hand through his dark curls he cursed, tucked into the night of the cave. The sun beat hatefully down on the sand.
In the end, classical had been more of a default option to fall back on, but it seemed he struck lucky. John could see even though the Dragon was by no means relaxed about him, that some of the all-consuming tension that had wired his every move the night before had gone slack. Half-crouched on the floor, Sherlock's tail swished lightly to the tune, his mind imagining deft fingers plucking away at instruments he had only ever dreamed before of hearing.
Sebastian Wilkes, gaping in mute astoundment, watched as slowly, the massive creature’s front claws folded at the knees, and Sherlock lay his head on the ground as if in offering. In John’s ear, he heard Mike whisper a stunned and thick
dissolving into dust like powdered chalk.
After seven rings Conrad hung up. He could feel John's unconscious disappointment and slight hurt, but he had expected it. Truthfully from what he had observed this Sherlock character had proven to be unreliable.
Not by even half.
The detective's gaze was soft as he looked to the man, achingly so, and John felt his throat close hotly as he struggled to keep his breathing even. It was the same look.
Well below freezing.
His jaw clenched as the elder Holmes took one menacing step closer, expression flat and deadly. The glint of Mycroft’s cloak shimmered under the cabin’s lights as he invaded John’s personal space, his height intimidating and commanding attention as much as his posture. It was an attack, albeit a silent one, and John weathered it with an arched eyebrow and a look of disinterest. He was more focused on Sherlock’s face, angry but at the same time piercing, thoughtful. It was merging more into interested the longer that John held his ground, and the closer that Mycroft came to his mate.
“Forgive me if you were not the one I would have liked to speak to this morning.”
“You mean do I know that our detective is a colossal berk who enjoys flouncing about naked far too much for someone who doesn't wish for other people to know the status of his bits? Yeah, I know Sherlock's... Sherlock.”
now among you. I watched...” And his voice trailed off, cracked to John's dull horror and pain “I watched... children tease other children, their own
Yet so far, he had been unable to do so with one John Watson.
And the army doctor sucked in a breath, straightening in indignation. Yet before he could respond Sherlock pressed onwards, seeming determined to get his piece out before he was interrupted. His brow furrowed in concentration, and it looked as though he struggled to have his phrases mean what they were intended to mean deep inside the tissue of his own skull. Like sinew and bone badly broken, his explanation came in a choppy mix of insults and compliments, a veritable chop suey of deduction.
That one thought was surprisingly elegant in his opinion, considering as soon as he stepped onto the cobblestone floor the acrid stench of hundreds of unwashed bodies confronted his nose. He nearly gagged, gritting his teeth as his eyes watered and he tried to blink past the automatic tears to see before him. It was a dark hallway, lined with cell bars that glinted silver in the low-hanging lights. The bulbs hummed a dull yellow, incandescent and glaring as they swung softly to the invisible breath of thousands of lives. The
And the little girl hesitated, guilt clenching in her chest. John wouldn't want her to lie. Her mummy wouldn't have wanted it, at least she didn't think she would have. But mummy had been dead since before she had been born, and John was asleep. No Daniel about, not even stupid Sneak. And her brother had a point...
“I, Raz of Recheinbach, son of the Temple am here today to witness this ceremony, and contest for the fact that the Water-Spirit has claimed John, son of Walter with love in his heart and a promise to protect. Much like how he cares for the village, he shall provide for his bride.”
Mycroft looked carefully at his own hands, for a moment hesitating to offer. He did not agree with Shyla’s choices… he did not see why his sister insisted upon being different from the rest, why her own brilliance couldn’t be enough of an abnormality from her peers. Yet… his mother’s complete and total ignorance in the situation chafed him wrongly, made him feel as if he were not listening to his siblings needs. He could see himself adjusting eventually, getting used to his sister’s- brother’s new identity with time. Time, and patience. Yet for now, he still was not sure that this wasn’t just another experiment in his sibling’s mind. He wasn’t sure if it was just Shyla had been forced too long to fit a female role that did not suit her, so much as an actual gender identity crisis.
Athrùduinne
as if he were just like every other Human, as if he'd one day
“What? Have I got something on my face?”
“Even with a casanova such as yourself, there's a first time for everything.”
John swallowed the tightness in his throat, leaning forward to kiss Sherlock along his temple.
They came to the rock face they would have to climb to reach the cove, sharp and jagged edges rising high into the sky like a mountain they had to pass. Without preamble John leapt up, gripping the first foothold with his sandalled toe and heaving himself upwards. Mike soon followed, not eager to be left behind. They clamoured over the slick stone, giggling to one another light-heartedly until John nearly slipped and came perilously close to cracking his skull open on a rock. Then they treaded with more care.
“It's okay now. It's okay. You'll be fine. I'm not mad at you. Not mad at all for anything.”
His brain whirring away, he almost didn't head the rather loud
as John's hands placed themselves on either side of his head. His friend's fingers were
Sherlock shouts up at John and Lestrade, gripping his curls and all but jumping up and down on the spot with impatience. Then, like a wound spring no longer able to stay in the same place he's off, lunging for the front door and nearly knocking Anderson to the ground in his haste. The sound of the hinges clicking shut are the last John's hears of him as for a moment he stands awkwardly, shuffling with his cane and dutifully avoiding Lestrade's gaze.
“Shh. It's all right. You'll be fine. It's all fine.”
He dreamt that he was falling. From where exactly, John hadn't the faintest idea. Yet he could feel himself tumbling downwards, into a place that was dark and unknown. It was like he was floating, coasting into a velvety sort of night. Distantly, he could hear someone or something singing, humming in his ear although he could not make out the words. It was a strange song, the lyrics he sensed did not rhyme, and yet there was rhythm to it that made it melodic, and it sounded like the most beautiful thing the boy had ever happened to listen to. Though he did not know the name of the tune, he did know its singer. He knew he did, although the name could not come to him. It was tasted on his lips, like the strong scent of an orange rind. Sharp and tangy.
She cut off then, Daniel's voice having reached a shout in her head. Claude winced, looking up at Sherlock apologetically.
Morstan smiled, and to John her smile was like a spark of sunshine. He found himself rather ridiculously warm, and he wasn't quite sure why. Sure, he had his fair share of crushes and infatuations over the course of his life, but he had never quite been so... captured by a face before. John wasn't sure if it was because Brigadier Morstan seemed so calm in the face of a one hundred and eighty pound man, or the fact that she seemed so completely at home in the desert as she spun on her heel to address the new troop.
“It’s the hormones… stupid things.
the Bond even got to this state, John had little memory. The incident of his shooting was hazy, to the point where he’d had to ask if Hajera had even lived through the onslaught. What John could remember was mostly pain, and dreams that felt more like visions. He didn’t know what it meant, and from Sherlock John had only managed to pry out slivers of information. The Dragon had seemed to be carrying well-concealed guilt, and John didn’t understand but he was bloody determined that once he was out of his blasted bed, he’d find out why. He didn’t like being coddled, it set his teeth on edge.
Then there was the girl.
it seemed to right the flat as much as she could. Overturned chairs turned back
Bluebell, she’s
It had been two weeks in that Victor had asked nonchalantly why Sherlock liked to be called a guy, and when the detective had bristled, his roomate had hastened to add “It's not that I don't think you're a boy... it's just sometimes you dress.... well, differently. So I'm wondering... are you a boy? Or a girl?”
calm. Right now, anger wasn't what John needed, and this side of his friend was in obvious distress and would soon black out if they continued breathing in such an uneven pattern. He forced his breaths to come slow and even, hoping that some part of John might subconsciously pick up on it and follow. He did not approach, pitching his voice slightly lower and non-threatening.
Sherlock was lying in an open field, warm summer sun tossing his curls and making it so that they fell into his eyes. He could feel the touch of the grass beneath him, smell its sweet scent and taste it in the back of his throat.
abilities would leave him gaping in the eye of a storm. His very
Instead, he found a soft, whispered greeting in a tongue he knew but was scarcely allowed to use.
Or maybe a horror film.
Holmes running amok through a garden as children. John thought he could imagine the little girl, chasing behind her brothers with a sharp-eyed grin. It came to his imagination almost naturally. He could see Sherlock lecturing his younger sibling, pulling her hair when she annoyed him. He could imagine her retaliation by tripping him in the grass, much like his own sister would have. He could see
“Can you…” He started blankly, before his brain caught up with him and he sat up with a grunt.
John dreamed sometimes of gold-tinted memories, swinging like a pendulum across his mind’s eye in a slow and syrup-heavy way. The images haunted him, left him feeling bereft and alone. Battles and blood and waking up in a cold cave, left to rise from the dirt like a zombie clawing its way towards sun.
That was not the right word.
There was a beat of silence, drawn out between the two brothers like a violin string stretched taut. Sherlock looked at Mycroft steadily as if searching for any sign of deceit, and his shoulders only slumped forwards upon finding none. The Incubus’ voice was quiet, filled with uncharacteristic vulnerability.
“John,” He said steadily “Do you want to have sex with Sherlock?”
“I have been told that my brother recently embarrassed himself, as is the usual to be fair.”
With the glow of a cigarette between his lips, Sherlock smoked, and thought. The savour of nicotine on his tongue was as soothing and bright as the stars, peeking out from clouds overhead.
Crimson eyes glittered as they looked upward; Moriarty’s power glowed from within even as he lifted his head from where it had been tucked against the human’s neck. The man - a soldier with sandy-silver hair - let out an unintelligible sob in his sleep, unconsciously trying to twist away from the punishing grip James had of his hair. Sherlock took into account the man’s face, eyes closed but expressive in his agony, obviously in the throes of a night terror. Beside him on the ground, a sprig of an ash tree lay snapped in half. Sherlock resisted the urge to roll his eyes at the sight of it. The Fae knew much about Demons, but sometimes their information was quite simply out of date. No Demon had feared ash since almost before mankind’s walk on Earth, not since the Faeries had lost much of their magical abilities due to human’s meddling with nature and the development of iron.
For a moment, Sherlock feared that Not-John wouldn't take the deal. His expression was decidedly uninterested and impassive. Unfocused.
it being performed. What’s it like?”
After a stretching of silence in which John could audibly hear the clicking of his own knuckled as he cracked them nervously, the army doctor gathered his courage and spoke.
“Sherlock.” John breathed, because he had an inkling of where the story was going. The woman hummed tilting her head back in acknowledgement.
possible outcome, and redrawing his steps. Each path was a landmine, riddled with
The feel of her finger-tips against his own felt like sparks showering over him.
John tied the creature to the guest bed that Harry used to sleep in, its frame just small enough that he could tie the Selkie's ankles to the bed posts without straining the rest of the creature's limbs.
” The sharp, rolling click on the “K” caused John to flinch minutely, but Sherlock barely noticed. His gaze was slitted in hatred. Fear rarely seen. “Our kind were hunted...
“I know, but it's cold out there, love. And you don't have Magic yet to make you look like Daddy or I.”
I am safe. It’s my policy.”
Sherlock's growls cut short, confusion lacing his features as he inhaled deeply, searching for a taint of Dragon. He found only Human scent before him, deceptively soft and fragile. He growled out a curt response without thinking, slowly drawing himself upright as vague imprints of manners pulled at him. Foolish traits he should have abandoned long ago and yet could not delete. When he spoke, his voice rasped from disuse. The Dragon realized with some surprise that he had not spoken in a very long time. It would not do to be impolite, if only because tradition mandated so.
His heart tasted sharp and iron-edged in his mouth.
procedure that had merit. Particularly because Sherlock was already sure that John's personalities existed in the first place. He could lure them out, preferably with little to no resistance, and at the same time keep John in control. As he watched his friend's muscles slowly turn into jelly, he felt a small, affectionate smile for John's complete trust in him work its way over his features.
Because Sherlock could not afford to be hopeless, not when they were already preparing to go into a battle. If he remained this way, there was little doubt in John's mind that the Dragon would die in that desert. He'd let himself get shot, or kidnapped, or burned at a stake, and that was unacceptable.
Sherlock had the decency to at least look a little sheepish before he straightened. Face taking on an unrepentant mask, the detective shrugged.
If only to make sure that no harm came to The Body. Though Daniel would be loath to admit it, Sneak never did anything that could permanently damage John Watson.
look like inexperienced soldiers. Rather, they held the posture of two wildcats, poised to lunge for someone's throat. There was a tang of something untamed in the air, and the young soldier could hear the indistinct buzzing, the thoughts of the other Dragon's in the line-up, worried and uneasy. Murray, his eyes dark, did not smile. He answered with a low voice that seemed to hold more steel than Wilkes was expecting.
came the bland retort, cool as you please. Sherlock stood then, shoving the skeleton creature off of his lap with a brush of his hands before rising to his full height. His wings stretched outwards and behind him, semi-transparent and smoky shades of red and black, matching the midnight tone of the sable cloak that only just covered his modesty. Now he fingered it absently, listening to Mycroft’s patronising tone with flared nostrils and a sigh of impatience on his lips.
John opened his mouth to speak, but his friend beat him to it. He spoke as if the very words were desperate to break from him, like wild horses bursting from a stable and running raggedly all over their original meaning. A phrase that Sherlock had once barked at John, during the Baskerville case.
It was a yellow sound, bright and open. He did not normally connect colour to music, but this twisting melody wove itself visually in front of him, the tone washed over him like a sea. He floated in it, losing himself to the memory of its tone, swimming in the waves that only just threatened to capsize him if he dared to lose focus. Golden, soft like spun wheat and rippling like the taste of a summer sunset.
“Please... Just let me go... I'll get a hotel for the night or something but... But I can't stay here knowing....” He took a deep, shuddering breath, and Sherlock
for trouble later on!”
“What has Mr. Watson told you about himself that makes you so....
Sitting on the hardwood floor, the detective ran her fingers over the box’s surface, the name Sherlock temporarily falling to ash in her own mouth even as she opened the lid. It clicked softly, revealing its contents to be an eclectic collection of trappings. A woman’s razor sat bright pink upon folded layers of a soft black dress, flowy and long. It was covering a silk-soft leather jacket that Shyla knew would only reach her midriff, perfect for covering one’s shoulders but not shrouding her. They were familiar pieces of fabric, and she set them out with gentle reverence. Underneath them, a small black makeup bag sat innocently, its contents likely past its due date but functional enough for Shyla’s purposes. Gathering everything to her, the detective closed her eyes briefly, drawing into herself. Familiar self doubts crept in, familiar words from other people’s sharp-edged judgements briefly clouding her mind.
She spoke mostly in growls and snarls, got her way by purring like a cat or whimpering in such a way that John's heart strings would tug painfully in his chest. She ruled the flat like a tiny queen, wings growing day by day, flaring outwards with interest or curling about her when she was in a strop like a protective shield. This body language was relatively easy for John to read, and with Sherlock by his side, he had no issues communicating with his daughter (in fact, Elena had grown into a fascination with medical terminology, and quite often tailed John with a big picture book in her hands of human anatomy, asking questions by pointing and chirping exectantly). The issue, was when John became rather painfully aware that his child was rather deprived of socialisation with children her own age, and found the need to bring it up to Sherlock one night while they lay cuddling under the covers of their bed.
waltzing about in the skin of your flatmate. Like a flesh suit in a masquerade of twisted intent.
No book could help anyone now.
Each one wasn't advisable.
The possibility that the boy might beg vaguely rankled the Spirit, the notion sitting wrongly with him. Though his bride had begged when he had been taken from his home, he had been heavily drugged, and it had shown in his movements and the bleary, not-quite-there gaze. Somehow, Sherlock thought that those blue eyes wouldn’t have even watered had he been completely sober. There was a certain kind of steel about the boy, a stockiness despite his diminutive frame.
Well, Sherlock very well couldn’t die then. Not with John’s features flickering into something distinctly reptilian and Moriarty-like, and not if it would mean that John would allow himself to be thrown in jail. Unfortunately, the detective’s body seemed to have other ideas. It was with the distant sound of John screaming down a phone for an ambulance that the shock began to settle in, and Sherlock began to seize.
”  Dodge murmured. Morstan put together the rapidly-amalgamating puzzle for John, her voice tight with controlled calm.
In a way, he meditated on the fact that it could very well mean that he now had a duty to protect Sherlock Holmes.
private. For just an instant, Sherlock looked....
A little prince, never allowed to do as he wished.
Again the phone buzzes. This time Daniel feels something almost akin to nausea as John fights against him, the roiling in his stomach unpleasant and painful. He feels a sheen of sweat begin to bead his brow as he reads the text, gritting his teeth against the temptation to go to sleep.
“Under whose orders?”
He thought possessively, and growled once in a threatening way as if daring the Human to challenge him for it.
“N-No. No f-family. I've ups-” he hiccuped, the noise sounding bright and strange to Sherlock. “I've upset them.”
But never completely erased.
“Once, Dragons lived in a time of peace, and prosperity.” Sherlock spoke the tale in the dark of night. It was a familiar tale, one that fell from his lips easily. He whispered it for John, the story weaving itself before his eyes.
In short, Sherlock was brewing a perfect storm.
Pale shades.
to the detective's recent knowledge of John's condition. He was still half-crouched before him, and from the looks of it, Sherlock had no plans of moving out of John's line of sight any time soon.
Uncaring.
“We burn it then, if it doesn’t have anything. Count our losses and move forward, make sure no one else gets their hands on this kind of information.” There was a prolonged, tense silence. Cerioth almost gave up hope for anything else, until Bill’s voice uttered harsh agreement.
He would tell Sherlock, but not now.
John thought, was perhaps what he
Marley spoke then, having the most experience with the language.
He tore his arm out from Harry's grip, sobs racking his body as he came to stand in the doorway of the kitchen. His dad was facing him, a bottle of drink in his hand. He stilled, went pale when he saw the small blonde silhouette of his son. At the change of his expression, Merina turned. Her lips parted in surprise, but already John was bolting, running as fast as he could towards the front door. In his mind was an image that burned, one that filled his head and made it pound with betrayal.
John had spent the entirety of yesterday trying to explain to the Dragon what was expected of him at this “meeting” of sorts. Or rather, he had attempted to explain even as Sherlock appeared hell-bent on deliberately ignoring his heed for caution. His thoughts had been sharp and acidic as he sat sprawled on the sofa, hands folded under his chin in a strangely mimicry of prayer as his thoughts nearly whip-lashed out at John.
as to scar a living being for life?
Mycroft sighed through his teeth, and it was a long and heavy thing. So tired.
a Game I suppose. More of a deal. If I can deduce something, you tell me if it's right or wrong. That way, every piece of information I get is won from my own hard work. Would that ease some of your.... reservations on speaking with me?”
of such a creature, the very
Well.
Irene’s lips parted, ruby-red lipstick making her terror and confusion all the more apparent to her companion.
So he didn't dare look up. Not once from his hands that
His friend relaxed, smiling jovially.
Enjoy!
“Stand down, or I.
Mycroft’s hands were instead folded over the handle of the bamboo umbrella he habitually carried, twirling it absently in their wait. Chips of frost shed from it, cooling the ground before vanishing. A show of power, one that the younger of the two ignored as he sipped his wine and wondered again what was taking John so long.  Molly was supposed to have him brought as soon as possible, but evidently that was a flexible command. The Water-Spirit repressed the spark of annoyance that shot through him, his brother’s presence making him tetchy. Mycroft however seemed to notice, his slow smirk mocking even as he casually sipped his tea, honey lemon and starlight whorling in one of Sherlock’s prized pieces of china.
“Can you always hear the others Claude? Or is it just sometimes?”
” Sherlock snapped, the thunder of his previous mood making him harsher than he perhaps should have been. He mentally winced as Molly flinched away from his tone, nervously picking at the lace of her sleeve. She hovered uncertainly on the balls of her feet, uncertain of where she should go or if she should curtsy. Though the Water-Spirit had told her multiple times not to bother with such a thing, the young Star has seemed unable to quite break out of the instinct. The Water-Spirit glanced at the closed door to his chambers, steeling himself mentally for whatever image he might find hidden inside. Would his new bride still be awake at this hour, even while far below his village slept peacefully? Would he fight Sherlock’s presence, bare his teeth like he had earlier?
He had the power to.
Standing tall, Sherlock rose to reach for the stack of clothes he had folded precariously at the foot side of his bed.
Something that should be ignored but felt all so warm and bubbly and good.
It was to be expected though, because John didn't even really trust himself. Or at least, he did not trust the other versions of himself. It was especially disconcerting as he got older.
for the worst time to explode.
No one knew what Moriarty looked like, but within the span of an evening it seemed that there wasn’t a news broadcast that would shut up about him.
to let it rain, as he was currently watching a group of children pull and tug on a doll made supposedly to his likeness. They were giggling and fiddling with the straw arms of the doll, dressing his robe with coloured stone necklaces as they crouched in the dirty street. The leader of the small group, an imperious looking little girl with a smattering of freckles across her nose and a dark red robe and white sash, was pretending to be the mysterious and aloof
The case took on the macabre name due to the amount of media attention it received, and Sherlock took to the newfound fame of his name and his career like a martyr facing the pyre. He argued with John good-naturedly about the poor storytelling of his blog, even while reading avidly each time a new article was posted. Of course, John wasn’t meant to see the detective read them, but the army doctor was nothing if not sly and Sherlock only hid in his own room on the rarest of occasions. Life at
Sherlock from the start seemed to be born into the world purely as a testament against that fear. From the moment he was born into the world, he didn’t seem capable of the emotion. He hatched screaming into the world, and refused to shut up from day one.
Then even more quietly
, and could bend and flex to the point where suddenly he became firm steel. He was strong where Sherlock's weak points lay, and he could deal with the Dragon's anger, that much was
Then Dodge's face melted away, and Sherlock was in front of him. In his Human form, the Dragon looked terrible. His mouth and throat were stained red, and he was looking at John with something akin to worry. Likely because he was saying something, but John couldn't
“I don't....
John could imagine the sour-lemon look that would have likely habituated Mycroft’s face and snorted, covering his mouth in vain with his hand to stifle the noise.
The mumbling sounded half-mad, and Sherlock was growing concerned before Sneak pulled back, groaning lowly and clutching his head. Then the detective went on autopilot, trying to soothe John because
lithe forms and how they moved. He swung his arms experimentally as he loped a little out of the shadow of the cove, the cave-like rock not interesting him enough, the sharp rocks ahead instead drawing him near. He was pleased to note that it made movement easier, crouching on the sea-stained outcropping to look at the tide-pools that formed in the dips of stone.
John decided, to which Mycroft’s grey eyes had narrowed in suspicion, an equally unfriendly smile playing on his face that was made up of derision. The elder Holmes held in every inch of him disbelief as he questioned John’s sudden loyalty.
"People can see you." She replied shakily, looking down at the small crowd that had gathered below to gape at the creature soaring into the sky. Her father didn't respond, but Elena could distantly see her Dad's face in the ground. His pallor was paler than chalk, and his blue eyes never left hers, as if he could sense her gaze. Somehow, she knew that when they landed things were going to become troubling, very soon.
In a quieter way, it was rather reminiscent of Sherlock.
enough that if came to it, he would take a bullet for you. I needed to see that he wouldn't run away at the first opportunity. The desert is large and endless out there, and approximately a quarter of the Dragons we train attempt to defect to the other side. Attempt, mind. They don't get very far, usually.”
I'd like you! Interesting, so very interesting Mr. Holmes! No wonder John can't stay away, you're the full package down to the
“I... we are not good people, Sig. We... John's not worth it. Neither am I.”
It was strange, how that single word could spear the soldier in place, more effectively even than Mycroft’s soft-voiced elocution. John still could not tell if Sherlock’s voice was just naturally a magnet for him, or if the Selkie was just always, deliberately, trying to lure him in. Gritting his teeth, he had to admit to himself that it was working. Working well enough that his chin lifted in defiance, eyes flashing as he stated plainly,
He had read the entire first chapter before he even realized what he was doing.
It mingled eventually with Shyla’s mutinous, burning gaze which seemed determined to bore a hole into the back of his neck.
Dragon into a frothing rage prove anything? Did you test Mike this way as well? Because if you did I'll have you know that you terrorized a victim used to being lied to and taken advantage of. Molly-”
“Please oh River God! Come down from your sulky cloud and bring water to our little village!” One boy cried dramatically, falling to his knees and getting his robe dirty as he knelt and pretended to pray to the girl and her doll. Another girl, this one with dark brown hair and a rather pink nose and cheeks copied him, kneeling in the dirt and giggling.
.... Want John to take over.”
screaming inside of his chest. His mind reached for John’s and found only silence. He tried not to let that crawl over his skin, his mind literally blocking the notion from manifesting into being.
The woman offered no name, but she did take a seat on a tea chest at the foot of the bed. John was somewhat thrown to realise that as the lightning flickered outside, she cast no shadow on the floor.
As a little girl, he had been... well for lack of a better word,
whenever he chose. What was time to a God? Would Sherlock go, seeing a few years as a blink of an eye? He could leave John behind whenever he chose, in a cold palace with few friends, and fewer distractions to keep him busy.
for helping me make this fic into something legible.
Sherlock looked at the woman carefully before him, half sure she'd mock him for his weakness. However she didn't seem to mind, sitting on the couch backwards to face him and watch his reaction carefully. The Dragon wanted
Two days after John had his discussion with Mycroft, Sherlock woke upon the sofa and immediately recognised that something was off. It was something in the way he woke, how as he opened his eyes there was an instinctive pull in the back of his mind, an itching that promised not to sit properly within himself. It was then that Sherlock realised, that the itching was a sensation he was used to, but rather reversed. That was the tricky thing with not falling completely into the male spectrum, the detective thought even as they stood, clutching their robe about them and peering into the mirror critically. Sometimes, very rarely, once in a long, long while,
The Selkie was tall, taller possibly even than Sherlock, and the same mercurial glint glimmered in his expression. The man’s hair was wet – a dark brown, but John could see tints of red that promised to reveal themselves fully when dry. Skin that was the kind of pale that promised to freckle under the sunlight made the man appear almost sallow in the dark of the cove. An axeblade nose made features not classically beautiful, but there was a kind of beauty in the fierce and unbending dignity in the way the creature stood tall and unforgiving. Coral lips peeled back into a fierce snarl. Upon the creature’s strong upper arm, a band of gold glinted. Natural stones, shining like blood rubies carpeted the simple metal piece of jewellery, forming elaborate swirling lines and spirals. It looked heavy, almost as heavy as the beautiful silver clasp protecting the man’s dignity by holding his sealskin in place about his hips.
That night after Mike was sent home with his uncle, John found himself to be increasingly distracted. He couldn't quite describe it, his childlike thoughts unable to quite capture the deep pull in his gut. Like a new centre of gravity, a second heartbeat itching under his skin. It was disconcerting, an all-consuming thing, and frequently the young boy found his feet carrying him unconsciously outside without his express permission.
. At least your memory is. This is further proven by your rendition of classical music on an electric guitar without any sheet music given. Either your ear is extremely sensitive, which I know for a fact that John is tone-deaf and that shouldn't change too much, or you once had the music on you and had to give it away or lost it. Given the slightly rumpled state of your clothes and the fact that it has been several hours since you managed to escape my notice it is obvious you had a purpose when you left. You used someone else's toothpaste, John doesn't like mint-flavoured, and so the obvious conclusion would be you found someone to spend the night with. You also have her perfume lingering on you, so woman, although from the amount of detail you spend on your appearance and your obvious advances towards me I think the gender of the person itself doesn't particularly matter. However you came back instead of staying at that person's place, which means that either she kicked you out or you left. So. Affair? Shot in the dark but you just confirmed it with that look you just gave me. Yet sex is usually an enjoyable act for most people, so my question is why does John seem to actively avoid it while you seek it out?”
“The Winterlyks. Foreign family. A fair amount of money actually. Didn't speak much English but thought it'd make a nice public image to adopt a bunch of children. There were six of us in that house.”
He wouldn't let that happen of course, but the thought was still there, potent and uncomfortable because it sent a white-hot spike of
Sherlock had he been less annoyed over the fact that he had to do this in the first place might have regarded the foolish Human with at least something more than scorn.
“Besides, if John Watson were to just
Sherlock was gentle in his ministrations, and he looked for bruises or pain that he had caused as without preamble he began to unbutton John's shirt, wanting to make sure the man's ribs were whole and intact. Beneath him the Human recoiled and spluttered weakly, but the Selkie paid him no mind as he struggled with the strange skin the creature beneath him wore, fighting with the fastenings momentarily before working them free. Once the material was open, the Selkie mapped out the differences in his Mate's older form, eyes tracking the gold dusting of hair that trailed past his navel to disappear under more fake skin, to the freckled and tanned muscles that were likely once hard and prominent but now were slightly softened from a few months of inactivity. Sherlock noted that his Mate had been fighting, somewhere warmer than here, like where his pod migrated to during harsher times. It was evident in the dozens of little marks lining the Human's skin, white and pink and some still red. However, the largest caused the Selkie to growl, and beneath him the Human flinched violently as his shoulder was exposed, revealing the scar that radiated outwards in a starburst pattern down his arm and clavicle, bright pink and still healing.
Blue saw this man before her, wondering if he meant it. She remembered the others. The ones who made the same promise. The ones in white, in a world of white. Angels, no, Demons disguised as angels. Foggy chemicals, magic potions given to drink. Chaos. Pounding heart.
“The Fire and Ice Duo, yes.” Greg supplied. His face darkened a little as he spoke. “My father told me his plans and I was furious. I told him I couldn’t marry someone I’d never met. He and your mother talked, deciding to arrange a meeting at the Star Ball. I came with the intent to find something to hate you for, but…” He trailed off. Mycroft felt a lead weight in his stomach drop.
, trying to recall what it said to do in extremely tactile situations. He guessed it had something to do with avoiding having his throat ripped out, as it was at the forefront of his mind even as he could feel himself being slowly dragged over towards the little nest of couch and blankets and clothes Sherlock had made for himself using John's wardrobe.
Perhaps at some point he had.
and stressed, but if you don't
Still, he could feel the scars.
garner together to the youngest's benefit, hoping to gain a sizable dowry when she turned sixteen in a few months.
He was surprised, he remembered that.
“The Handlers will tell you how to approach them. The Kennel tends to be a stressful place for them, so they'll probably be fairly skittish all things considered. Plus they'll be half-drowned so that they can't breathe fire. “Adoption” days are like that. The non-firebreathers will also be contained in their own ways too, so don't worry. They dehydrate the ones that can spit boiling water, and the ones that breathe ice are overheated. ”
“You can come in, Dragon. I don't mind.”
He had no binder with him, having left his flat in a hurry. Sherlock did not even have a real coat on him.
to finally gaining Sherlock's trust. Already he feared his absence would cause setbacks. He chafed to get home, now that it was
John huffed as he dragged the box down the final flight of steps and braced his elbows against the box, ignoring the Dragon's protests as he stopped to catch his breath and mutter a good-natured curse towards the great scaly beast underneath him. Yes, he would have to get his reservations about that over with before he was sent to the Training Base in eight weeks. The Chips were something that had been invented about three years ago, an interesting piece of technology that had originally been used to keep track of cats and dogs in case they go missing so one could track them via GPS or the Humane Society could find the animal's address if they found them. With the introduction of Prisoners Of War and Dragon Servitude, The Chip had been modified so that it reacted with a signal sewn into the Dragon's Collar. Using a Clicker of sorts hat John had been given as part of his package at the Kennels, a 'Master' could discipline their animal by the press of a button. Dragons were extremely sensitive to electrical pulses, as it turned out upon experimentation. John had never seen what it looked like for a servant to be 'Disciplined', but he
so I do not do something that will damage my palace, and you in it.” John fell silent, realising that though the thunder had dissipated, the clouds had not. They were amalgamating around Sherlock in fact, above his head in a black wreath that sat like a weight. They came down, encircling Sherlock, lifting him into the air.
“But can you get him to trust others at this stage?”
shagging a monster that could rip your innards out in a heartbeat. To him it was like a gerbil trying to kiss a snake.
Sherlock didn't reply, but simply nestled closer, prehensile tail twisting protectively around the Rune Mark that had just barely begun to inch up John's arm.
Wilkes' voice contained commendation. “Lieutenant Kate Bellerose and Dragon Irene, in honour of your outstanding performance, I would like to ask your help in teaching today's training course.”
“He witnessed them pulling the body out from the alley, as Victor was shot. Nine times, with a semi-automatic. He saw his once best and frankly, only, friend being lifted away like he was little more than a sack of potatoes. Victor didn’t have many relatives to begin with, and none that were currently in the country. John, sentiment lead Sherlock to reveal himself, but it
a bloody
Things however only got weirder as another thumping noise sounded, John sleepily calling out “Love… you there?” The ex-army doctor came out in nothing but a pair of pants, blonde hair sticking up in all directions. He stopped abruptly upon seeing Lestrade, hand halfway to his mouth to cover a yawn. The tension in the room felt as though it could be cut with a knife. No one dared to move.
Mycroft thought with a scowl, and his hand tightened over the handle of his parasol even as a tight sigh escaped him.
the way it is - Humans don’t last. Mortality is fragile. Sentiment, fleeting and false. You will soon find on your doorstep all manner of creatures, clamouring to get a look at the human that might bring rain once more onto the land. He cannot be uncouth, or cowardly. He needs to be
No one liked feeling caged, and that at least, Lestrade could empathise with.
Whether it was a noise of contentment or a warning, John didn't think he'd ever know. However the Dragon never lashed out at him, and he thought to himself that perhaps he just maybe had a chance after all.
-Rania's father never recovered after his wife's death. He lost his spirit and much of his dependency as a ruler. He loved Rania, but he was not well-suited as a king and so the country in his care largely began to fall apart. He hesitated to name an heir because to name the youngest would be blatant favouritism, in the end it was his downfall. His indecision caused the death of most of his children, as well as his own.
“John's gone.”
“You found it, then. A Shape-Changer for a Mate would be a cruel Bonding.”
flat when we return. So I figured, you needed a key.” Neither of them commented on the
John, half believing it to be a dream, merely answered with a sleep-filled sigh.
“No… No. Not like this. Not when you’re…
It was strange, how the protector could long for danger.
So sorry this is a bit late!! ^_^ Things in this story are starting to pick up and here I am writing essays continuously *cries*
them, Sherlock doubted their place in his mental catalogue would change.
He found himself staring into the cold eyes of a Demon.
“You look far too pleased to be proving that.”
A long pause, drawn out and stretched seemingly forever. Finally, the heart of John's fears came, whispered and tense.
Her voice was cutting.
As it turned out, the Dragon was only the Human equivalent of someone in their early twenties, and his name was Xavi. He was a Chinese Dragon, and had joined the
He said it firmly, and watched as Sherlock's music came to a juddering halt, his jaw tightening minutely. However the detective's voice was mocking as he said “Funny. I don't recall you becoming my mother.”
He merely looked at the egg, refused to let it go. Refused to get up. He stared at the egg, and sometimes John... but mostly, he stared as if his thoughts were far away.
“I invited him. And just to be clear, it’s
“Look here you big scaly git, I've got some things for you and I can't reach them if you insist on crushing me to death. As much as it's nice to know that
“I am
Because even though Sherlock Holmes cared very little about most people, and he would lie even to himself and say it was only scientific curiosity, it hurt him when he saw how fragile John was. Not delicate like most people, no. The soldier still lingered about him somewhat, even without Daniel’s presence. John had an element of steel underneath the softer shell of complacency, and people were often surprised and more than a little awed when they encountered it. Sherlock included.
His stubbornness lasted for about fifteen seconds before a strange and wonderful smell drifted past Sherlock's nose, perking his interest reluctantly. Something greasy and fatty and
To say that he was used to being the best pick of bad options was an understatement.
. Or continue to dislike me!"
Then, his mother's voice spoke. Thick with tears.
Sherlock as a young man had once been caught in the nets of fishermen. In his seal-skin, he found himself twisting and turning, brutally lost amongst the chafing texture of rope and other fish that were struggling to break free of the man-made imprisonment.
He was someone's Servant.
“Wasn't h-here last time....
“Yeah, Sherlock's here managed to nearly faint a few times on patrol, so I decided enough was enough and that it was time to check this place out.”
Then, more quietly:
Together, Sherlock lead them to their bedroom.
“He's as sane as any man can be when confronted with a mandatory drafting. As for his wings, one was infected with a mild rash, but it's mostly cleared up now. He's been doing a lot better with his protective tendencies.” The last part was a bit of a white lie, or rather an exaggeration, but John let it slip past his lips without thinking. It was better this way, so long as everything went smoothly. John could continue to work with Sherlock on his aggression, and by the time they were called to duty they would be at that point. For now though, the Dragon was still slightly unstable. He couldn't let Dodge become aware of this. She'd haul his ass right down to headquarters and have them tranquillise Sherlock.
Sherlock stiffened at his contact, still not quite used to a touch he hadn't initiated, but didn't quite pull away. The Dragon's voice was a confused rumble, a question that made the other soldiers about them fade away, and John's heart ached slightly as the creature asked
