“Why have you called me here?” Castiel demanded, and watched as Dean’s face fell.
Castiel’s head jerks up from his hand and he blinks against the soft light in his study. The book in front of him is still idly turning pages, the fountain pen scratching notes on the parchment beside it, but clearly, due to the fog in his mind, Castiel had dozed off. He yawns, stretching, searching the room for whatever shook him from his daze. Nothing immediately jumps out, but a glance at the clock on the wall shows just how late (or early) it is. He waves his hand in the direction of the book and the pen and they immediately stop their movement. Castiel hisses a curse as the pen drops onto the parchment and splatters his notes with ink.
“I want to see her,” Dean demanded. “Let’s go.”
Like birds flocking, they move together back toward the picnic, gravitating toward each other. That damn cologne overwhelms Dean, making him picture more domestic scenarios, where he might have another dinner with Castiel, maybe shared over candlelight in his apartment. It makes him want to stay close, just to chase the scent.
On a normal day, this knowledge doesn’t really matter. It isn’t significant to the universe just how abnormally long Dean’s eyelashes are, or how many freckles are dusted across his nose and cheeks. They’re just facts that are part of the catalog of Dean’s being.
“O-okay, here, have a seat, then, I’ll just . . .” Castiel set up the recorder somewhere on the edge of his desk, angled toward Dean so it would hopefully catch the sound. “Please, continue.”
The notebook is still there, shoved under his mattress like cheap porn.
“You, uh . . .” Dean licked his lips. “I mean . . .”
As Christmas carols played on and the rest of the party reveled beyond, Castiel and Dean whiled away the time discussing politics and religion, and all of the other things Castiel had been taught were not meant for polite conversation. He thought, circumstances being different than they were, they could become fast friends.
Castiel gestures to the sword with Dean’s things against the bed. “Is that one of hers?”
Ellen and Bobby do their best to distract them, but Dean can hardly think for the buzzing in his arm and in his head. He only has one mug of beer before he declares it’s time to sleep. Cas follows him upstairs where the room Ellen reserves for him and Sam has been made up for them. Dean takes the bed he always does, nearest the door, while Cas slips into the bed by the window. There’s tension in the room as Dean attempts to fall asleep, but whatever is on Cas’s mind, he doesn’t voice it either.
When Dean leaned in to kiss him, it was soft to the point of aching. Castiel’s heart hammered against his ribs as Dean’s fingers trailed lightly over Castiel’s jaw. The kiss was a balm, a sigh, easing the tightness in Castiel’s chest that he didn’t even realize was there.
“I have something else for you,” Michael said softly.
“Dean, this is Michael Milton, one of our board members!” Adler said, clapping Milton on the shoulder.
“Grandson, actually. My brother and I came to live here after mother died. He’s training me to take over the family estate. Grandfather doesn’t believe in indulging childish whims like
The bunker is as empty and dark as Castiel left it, all of its usual inhabitants off on cases or asleep at this early morning hour. Castiel had made sure Jack was still tucked in tightly before he had raced to meet Sam and Dean. Now, he itches to go check again, to make sure Jack is safe, but he finds himself following Dean instead.
for the millionth time, midway through their traditional debate over Malcolm Reynolds’ secondary gender (Whedon never stated, but Fillion hinted pretty heavily in interviews that the legendary captain is an omega, which Dean thinks is what makes him so bad-ass). Dean reaches over to pause the DVD before leveling Charlie with a Look. She throws her hands in the air, nearly upsetting her ice cream bowl.
“So,” Gabriel said, sitting down next to Cas and pressing a glass of water into his hands. “How was the party?”
“Please, Dean,” he groaned, “let me—I want to touch you.”
Dean shook his head. “No, sir. I have what I need.”
“Oh, don’t worry. You weren’t the first one to call me that. It’s been my brothers’ nickname for me my whole life. I like ‘Cas’ much better.”
By some fluke of birth he’d been given rank and privilege. He’d promised himself a long time ago that he would try to use it for good, that he would make up for the mistakes of his past. His hand drifted toward the pendant he wore under his shirt, touching the small lump there. Perhaps he was, finally, on the edge of beginning to fulfill that promise.
Castiel slid the trench coat from his shoulders, strangely feeling a little exposed in the middle of Dean’s living room. He did surreptitiously clear his shoes and hair of any stray snowflakes.
“I don’t know—”
They kissed for a little while longer; so long that Dean got lost in it.
Dean stepped into the bathroom and carefully locked the door behind him. Mild-mannered or not, Cas was still an alpha, and he did not like the idea of stripping naked in a room with only one exit. He dressed quickly, running a towel over his hair and squeezing the worst of the water out of his slacks. The silky omega underwear was mercifully mostly dry, so he didn’t have to worry about soaking through the sweatpants Cas had given him.
“My best friend Balthazar, but I would really rather not talk about him right now. Let me return the favor . . .” Castiel reached for Dean’s pants but came up short at the large wet spot there. He raised an eyebrow at Dean, who shrugged.
It was a small suite, with a sitting room and kitchenette, a closed door that presumably led to the bathroom, and an open door that led into a sizeable room with an enormous king-sized bed. Castiel wondered briefly what Dean did for a living that would bring him to town into such nice accommodations.
“Castiel,” he replied.
, Balthazar?!”
“Give up, Castiel. Your Dean is long gone.”
Dean laughs mirthlessly. “Tell that to my entire life!” he spits.
“Castiel.”
The look Cas leveled him with should have been intimidating, but Dean just thought it was kinda hot.
Dean stops mid-step and turns back toward Cas. “You got something better to do?” Dean scoffs.
behind him as he went. Cas stomped on his inner alpha trying valiantly to rouse itself from the haze of suppressants to follow after him. Hannah stood and turned off the recorder.
“Leave ‘em on,” Castiel slurred, dazed with desire. Dean hesitated for a moment, then kicked his pants and socks off before diving back in to devour Castiel’s mouth again. Suddenly, Dean was in a rush to get Castiel the rest of the way undressed, though he groaned and dropped to his knees when he saw Castiel’s underwear.
. Folding saves you for now, but I reserve the right to change the rules at any time!”
After a quick supper of well-wrapped leftovers, Dean volunteers to keep the first watch. As Cas climbs into the clean, warm makeshift bed, Dean sets himself up against a tree, watching Cas’s face gently lit by the small mage light he left in a jar nearby. Dean wonders what Cas is truly thinking about the story he’d told earlier.
“Need some time alone?” she asked. He shook his head.
Dean peered between the slats of the cheap apartment blinds at the rapidly falling snow. The weather report earlier had declared it might be “Chicago’s worst holiday travel weather in recent memory.” Two days before Christmas, and Dean had to call his mom to tell her that he wouldn’t be able to make it home after his last shift before the holiday because of the weather. She’d been asking him to come home early, but Dean needed to keep his job at the campus coffee house for one more semester before he graduated, so he’d stayed to work until it closed for the holidays.
“Hello, Castiel. How was the doctor?”
“Hard to keep my hands to myself when you’re makin’ those noises for me,” Dean explained. Castiel rolled his eyes. Dean gave him another peck on the lips before collapsing on his back on the other side of the bed. “Early day tomorrow.”
“Hell yeah,” he said. “Just thinking about you touching yourself in this bed, all the way across the room . . . I didn’t just want to show you porn you liked, Cas. I wanted to know . . . wanted to see . . .”
He tries to ignore the prickle on the back of his neck that he knows means Cas’s gaze is on him as he treks back to the road.
Kevin gave him a guilty look. “I, uh, might not have been completely honest about Charlie,” he said, sheepish.
It had to be Michael, right?
, y’know, and I don’t want . . .”
But Dean pushed right into the garage where it was warm, and his scent suddenly filled the space enough to make Cas nearly giddy on it. Still not looking up, Dean plopped down in a chair and only then did he look up at Cas with fire in his eyes. Cas sighed.
moan.
Cas returns to Dean’s lips, then, coaxing soft sounds from Dean as he traces the sensitive places in Dean’s mouth with his tongue, teeth clacking in their haste to get at more of each other. Pheromones flood the apartment, Dean’s own sugary omega honeysuckle scent blending with the deep vanilla notes of Cas’s. Dean’s hands are everywhere, trying to pull Cas’s shirt from his pants, to unbutton it, to push him toward the bedroom, but Cas is determined to keep Dean stationary.
Sam rolled his eyes and Dean laughed. “Damn, Sammy, that was almost as good as one of Cas’s.”
“Long enough to find what we need. Hopefully just a day.”
“Now, on account of some bull-headed
“Wait,” Castiel managed, squirming to roll to his side. “Can we maybe . . .”
“You and your siblings are so free! You can’t begrudge me a little envy.”
. If Michael found out who he was hanging out with . . . it would be bad news, for him and for Sam.
“Damn, you’re good at that,” Dean said. Castiel chuckled.
“Excuse me, I’m terribly sorry—” Castiel stammered, turning to face the person whose hiding place he’d unintentionally discovered.
Cas’s messy hair was tickling Dean’s arm where Cas had fallen asleep against the bed. Dean lifted his hand, careful of the IV tubes, and ran his fingers through it. Cas stirred (he’d always been a light sleeper), then sat upright and blinked owlishly at Dean.
“Well, you’re lookin’ at me, so, not impossible.”
“I know,” Sam huffs.
Cas grabs hold of Dean’s arm and yanks him close. “How is this . . . is it real?”
“Gods, I’m an idiot!” Sam exclaims, running his hands through his hair. “Castiel, listen to me. There’s something terrible coming, but I can’t tell you what. You’re going to have to trust me, trust Dean, but—"
omega—hurt or retaliated against in some way due to Castiel’s actions.
“So, this is a much more relaxed situation,” Cas said. “I just want you to know, we will be sharing these stories at the rally. Would you mind agreeing to having your words repeated in the rally situation described? Out loud, please, so we have it on tape?”
Cas nods, letting Dean in and shutting the door. There are books spread all over Cas’s workspace full of languages Dean can’t read and diagrams he doesn’t understand. He moves to the back, turning to face Cas who is still hovering near the door.
Castiel took a few steps forward, hesitated, then stopped in front of Dean. His shoes were scuffed, cheap black dress slip-ons. Without warning, Castiel reached out and lifted Dean’s chin with two fingers, bringing Dean’s gaze back up. Dean wavered, but Castiel’s touch remained, so Dean finally looked up to make eye contact.
“Listen, buddy—” Dean says, wheeling on Castiel, but when he turns there is a slightly amused twinkle in his shining blue eyes. “Are you . . . wait, are you
Cas tilts his head and Dean resists the urge to grin. “Magic ability is hereditary, Dean. If Sam has access to it, so do you.”
He washed, leather and honey now nearly smothering him in the air as he rinsed, shut off the water, and stepped from the tub. His fingers itched toward the pheromone-blocking deodorant in the medicine cabinet before he pulled out the new, neutral one. He peeled back the protective plastic layer and read the marketing on the side. Words like, “scent-filtering” and “fresh and all you!” hyped a long-lasting, clean-smelling version of his own natural scent that would be free of any other disgusting body odors. Because, you know, you don’t sweat when you’re an—
“Dude, it’s two in the morning,” croaked the voice on the other end of the line.
He’s rearranging his collection again when he hears the brothers stomp down the hallway. Dean passes by his room, grumbling under his breath, something about the changing weather. Cas wonders if maybe he should ask about decorating the Bunker for the holidays. It might give him something else to do here.
Castiel, Rowena, 1100 words, implied Destiel
Dean reached out and grabbed his wrist, tugging him into a deserted side hallway. “Let go of me!” Castiel hissed, jerking his hand out of Dean’s grasp. Dean held his hands up in surrender.
“How can I help you, Dean?”
? It’s like being a nipple on a male alpha.”
Dean looks like he’s about to answer, but Sam cuts across him. “I’m borrowing it, sir, since I’m going with Dean.”
He needed to talk to Sam. It had been too long, and he needed to be reassured that his brother was happy. That Dean was doing the right thing.
Cas’s mouth fell open, and the omega looked like he had shocked himself. “I, uh . . .” he stammered.
“I have to check in on my investments, Dean. I’ll be here regularly, watching your progress. And we’ll need to get to know each other, won’t we? If you’re going to be my companion?”
He wondered if Dean could scent him as clearly, what Castiel would smell like to him.
“Hey, I got a guest I think you might like to see,” he said, then turned and walked away without further explanation. Curious, Cas followed him down the stairs and into the kitchen.
Castiel still isn’t sure what persuaded him to tag along with Gabriel, but here he is, trailing behind his big brother up the stairs to a fifth-floor walk-up apartment close to the university campus. He didn’t know what he expected, but the building is clean, if a bit run down, and clearly open to diverse residents. The hallways smell mostly like industrial strength scent blocking cleaner, so it’s difficult to tell whether alphas, betas, or omegas live behind each door. Castiel’s newly-presented omega nose is sensitive, picking up sharp notes of individual scents as they move past each apartment.
“Alpha, stop!”
“Heat bag?”
Dean surged forward and captured Cas’s mouth in a hard kiss. Lips and teeth clashed as Dean grabbed the sides of Cas’s face with both hands. Cas moaned into Dean’s mouth, parting his lips to let Dean’s tongue in. And Dean didn’t disappoint, his mouth warm and velvety on Cas’s own. Dean carefully laid Cas back against his pillows, breaking the kiss to pull the sheets down and away from Cas’s waist.
“Castiel . . .” Dean murmured, and just like that the spell broke.
“Okay,” Dean said, a little relieved. Dean finished his coffee, and Cas’s mug looked empty, so he reached for both mugs and stood to go to the sink.
Cas caught Dean’s wrist, taking the mug from his hand. Dean stared resolutely at the floor as Cas stood, taking the other mug and placing it next to the first on the table. Castiel was close, closer than he’d been at the park. Dean could feel the air thicken around them, close and tight, and his mouth grew dry. Licking his lips was the only rational thing to do.
“Then
Hannah paused. “I’m sure she forgives you, Castiel,” she said quietly. Castiel went cold.
The profile picture was of a handsome, smiling man standing on a beach wearing a ridiculously tiny pair of peach-colored swim shorts and an enormous pair of aviator sunglasses. Castiel felt his heart race as he studied the grin, the splash of freckles splayed over his nose and cheeks, and the sunlight playing through light brown hair. It was difficult to tell in the sunlight, but there might have been a few streaks of grey at the man’s temples. He was fit, but not overly so, his chest and abs shadowed by the angle of the sun, and a sparse dusting of hair lay in a triangle over his sternum and trailing down toward his shorts. And, there: that made sense for a hook-up app profile. Castiel felt arousal stir as he looked over the attractive bulge cupped in the light-colored swim trunks.
Crowley rolled his eyes. “If you think of something, you have my email address. Now, wipe that idiotic look off of your face and
“Well, we can’t be too careful. I’m sure you’ve seen the news, all those omegas caught with contraband lately. And she’s really almost too pretty for a beta!”
“Joshua’s usually doing his rounds in the community center, but that doesn’t mean we still shouldn’t be quiet, Dean,” Cas said, circling behind the altar and crouching down. A set of keys jingled while Cas fiddled with something on the back side of the altar before emerging with a bottle of wine and two goblets.
“I’ll be home before you know it,” Cas says, and Dean’s heart swells in his chest.
Dean unzips his duffel, the noise sharp through the hissing in Castiel’s ears. “’Night, Cas,” he says.
Castiel manages to relax as the evening goes on (though he never does get to play a round of the video game), when suddenly the apartment is plunged into darkness.
“We gotta hope that means John contained it,” Bobby says, ignoring Castiel. “I don’t know how much time it gives ya, but it’s better than none. That man might be a dumbass, but at least he had a little bit of sense at the end.”
“No, it’s cool! The lights are out, we won’t even be able to see anything!”
Castiel blushed. “You know this from practical experience, or . . .?”
It’s a little strange, holding a dick that isn’t his own, but Dean doesn’t seem to complain as he strokes it firmly, the same way he would stroke his own. Dean pulls Castiel in by the waist with his other hand in Castiel’s hair and crashes their lips together.
Dean stared. He wished Cas would make eye contact. “So are you? Running, I mean?”
Also, please know that I read and adore every single comment, even if I don't get to reply. I want to get better about replying because I adore you all so much for responding to my work.
THIS CHAPTER IS NSFW!!!!
“Congratulations, Mr. Winchester, you are a healthy omega male!”
Part of him wants to push open the door, spend the rest of the night sitting and watching over Dean while he sleeps soundly for the first time since he first said
Cas moans, pressing in again. This time, Dean feels the head of Cas’s cock squeeze past the first ring of muscle, and they groan together. Dean is stretched impossibly wide, nerve endings on fire at the magnificent burn, and there’s still the rest of Cas’s length to go. And his knot; how is Dean going to take his knot?
“Shall we?” Castiel asked.
Dean wanted to punch smarmy Dr. Davies in the face. In fact, ever since his heat finished last night he’s wanted to punch everyone in the face. According to Dr. Dick Davies (okay, so it’s Mick, but Dean thought the nickname suited him better) that’s normal. His hormones are all kinds of out of whack, but should level out. They called it PHDD, or Post Heat Dysphoric Disorder, which was worse than most post-heat symptoms, apparently.
Dean clenched his fists, but managed to hold himself back. It had been a long time since he’d been called that in public.
“You don’t have to do that,” Castiel protested.
Dean swallowed heavily, avoiding Kevin’s eyes. “It’s, um, Gabriel Novak. Cas’s brother.” He could feel Kevin’s gaze on him.
miss you.”
Cas parked his Lincoln next to Dean’s Baby in the garage, giving an affectionate pat to the Impala on his way inside.
Dean had been devastated; the hardest part for Cas was watching him shut down. Cas had brought him home and tucked him into bed with the prescription pain relievers and a glass of water before heading down the short hallway to the last unfinished room in the house.
“To get the hell away from you and your alpha stink, jackass.”
“Dean, I—” Cas began, but a sharp rap on the door made the two jump apart.
“You listen to me, and if I tell you to run, you run,” he says, repeating his words from their first night.
“Hey, we should be ‘The Fighting Novak Brothers,’” Gabriel said cheerfully from the driver’s seat as they pulled into his house. “Every good duo needs a name.”
“What do I need to do?” Castiel asks. Dean drags the spell Bobby had given them from his lap.
The incline isn’t steep, but the moment he crosses the line into the valley, he’s engulfed in darkness. Any attempts at casting light are thwarted, so at first he’s simply stumbling around in the dark. It takes him a long time to make his way through the trees, climbing through them as they appear. He isn’t sure if he’s close, because any hope he had of sensing Dean in this swirling darkness is dashed when it overwhelms him.
Cas watched Dean leave then, looking as forlorn as Cas felt. Once he was gone, Cas collapsed back into his chair and sank his head into his hands. After a long while, he wiped at his face, then turned to gather the notebooks Dean had left behind. As he shifted to put them away, he noticed that they smelled faintly like Dean. He couldn’t help but inhale deeply, wrapping himself in that scent.
And he definitely shouldn’t be thinking about Castiel, but fuck if he doesn’t wake up one morning hard enough to pound nails, slick in his pajama pants like he hasn’t been since he was a teenager after an incredibly sensual dream involving the alpha.
“Merry Christmas,” Castiel said, rushing back out into the crowded parlor.
“Hey, Cas,” Dean replies. “Can I come in?”
“Well, since it’s been an actual age since I’ve seen you, how are you doing, little brother?” Gabriel asked, pouring copious amounts of sugar into his coffee.
Castiel had known Balthazar since they were both pimple-plagued pre-teens trying to navigate the world of burgeoning hormones as young, queer boys growing up in a small town. Despite their disparate personalities, Balthazar was still Castiel’s best friend at forty.
Castiel pinched the bridge of his nose. Of course she had. “I should have a draft of my literature review to you by the weekend. I’ve discovered a few more articles that I’ll need to add upon revision—”
“Kevin, please tell Dean he looks fabulous,” she said. Kevin looked up and shrugged.
“I believe it was a panic attack,” Cas droned wryly. Gabriel hit him on the shoulder, hard.
amazing,” Dean replied, tracing a finger down her face. “Dunno if I can do this again, though, babe.” Cas stood up and crossed the room, running a hand through Dean’s hair.
“Easy, tiger. Look, I know it’s been a while.”
squeezing,
Castiel isn’t sure how they’re going to get a good night’s sleep in the run-down cabin, but he knows better than to judge by appearances.
The woods around him are far too quiet aside from his own breathing as he stands silent, reaching out with tendrils of power until he feels a faint trace of something left behind. He latches onto it, weaving an incantation into the air until he gets a distinct
“Can’t smell anything yet, alpha,” Dean murmured, voice thick. Cas stiffened, then dropped his forehead onto Dean’s shoulder.
“No big deal. I chose this, y’know?” Dean shivered then, though the air was still. “I’d better go,” he said. “See you around, Cas.”
“Dean,” Cas manages, sucking a dark purple mark onto Dean’s neck. “Oh, Dean, you’re so perfect. My perfect omega.”
“Dude,
“In a heartbeat.”
. And together they were
“The years.” Castiel hesitates. “The ache.”
“Colette? What does that mean?”
“Yes, actually.” Dean looks taken aback.
Dean reaches into the gap in the plate armor under Cas’s arm and grabs hold, hard. He watches with satisfaction as Cas stifles a yelp, dragging him into the thicket lining the roadside. Cas clanks like a pile of rusty buckets while Dean shoves him further under cover. When he finally catches his balance, he wheels on Dean, but Dean gets there first.
“Oh, Cassie,” Gabriel breathed. Cas scrubbed his free hand down his face.
Still terrifying, but preferable.
hook-up. That’s all.
Kevin scoffed, a sarcastic, bitter sound. “I was supposed to be the first Asian-American president. Mom always thought I’d be a beta, since she and my dad both were. Shocked the hell out of everybody when I presented. So, instead of Harvard, I got this place instead. Only the best, you know?”
“What would you do, alpha?”
They are, as ever, delicate monuments to days of myth and legend, from a time when the Society served a much more active role in the protection of the Realm. Now, Castiel is summoned to the palace to bless weddings and namings, for ceremonial festivals and other pomp and circumstance. These instruments are unchanging curiosities from a different time. Except . . .
“Wearing the good blockers, huh?”
“Probably not.” He leans in and scents Castiel deeply. “God, you smell good.”
Dean moves to attack Cas’s torso with wet, sucking kisses but Cas stops him with a hand to his chest. “What is it, Dean?”
“It’s a beautiful sword.”
“Soon, my omega,” Cas growled, nipping and sucking at the tender skin along Dean’s throat. Dean threw his head back, allowing Cas access to more skin.
“Okay.”
“Castiel?”
“Thank you, sir,” Dean said.
“Dean . . .” Castiel manages, sending another wave of sparks through Dean. Dean grinds harder, moaning at the feeling of magic zipping through his veins. Castiel knows what he feels; every sharp press of their hips together sends a shudder through him.
“Dean.”
Cas jumped about a mile in the air when his alarm went off. He could hear Dean hastily moving around to settle in the bed on the opposite side of the room. Cas took his time rolling over, moving as though he’d just woken up, and stumbled out of bed. He gathered up his clothes and shower bag and went to get ready for work.
“These are routine questions, Mr. Novak. I’d appreciate it if you left your attitude at the door. A simple ‘yes’ or ‘no’ will suffice. At what age was your first rut?”
Then there had been cramping, and bleeding, and a rushed trip to the hospital where sympathetic but detached doctors had told them it was common and would run its course. They were very sorry.
Dean swallowed hard. This was a terrible idea. He had to redirect. “I’m peachy, Sammy. Hey, how’s school going?”
beautiful.”
As he approaches the gate, it becomes clear that his luck is holding for the moment. Dean is there, currently engaged in a heated argument with the gate guard. Castiel can suspect what this is about; the gate guards are trained to sense magical artifacts, and Dean doesn’t have a recent travel license to take the books and items he has in his bag out of the city. His first instinct is to go and settle the argument by saying that he’s travelling with Dean; as the Archmage he would be able to give Dean the authority to carry the items. Revealing that he’s leaving the city also is not a great idea, so he concentrates on casting a glamour over himself before moving toward the gate.
, Bruce Willis won!”
“Merry Christmas, Mr. Winchester.”
Castiel could hear Gabriel shuffling around on the other end. “Okay, baby bro, get yourself away from the scene and don’t draw attention to yourself. You can’t afford to get arrested, too. So, what’s her name?”
“Ah, shit,” Dean hissed, grinding his own dick against Castiel’s pelvis. “Could you come like this, Cas?” Dean teased as Castiel drove his cock into Dean’s hip, the slick slide of pre-come against the silk of his boxers driving him further toward release. Castiel nodded into Dean’s neck, and Dean huffed a breathless laugh. “Gonna come all over yourself, just from grinding on me? You want me that bad?”
“You scored a 34 on your ACT, Castiel. Colleges won’t care if you remember anything about the Joads.”
Now, Dean was shoving the silicone cock into his ass as hard as he could, slamming it into his prostate with laser precision. Slick coated his hand, his legs, his junk, the bed, the spot on the floor where he’d tried riding the thing . . . Now, he was on his back, legs up the wall, curling over himself as his fist flew over his cock.
Dean’s scent lingered, the soft smell of content omega suffusing his office with the feeling of
“. . . don’t care what you think happened, you’re an idiot if you think I’m going to let you go alone!”
“Dean?”
Though his fingers continued to play across Dean’s skin, Michael stopped short of scent marking him. Dean could hardly stand the tension. “Will you . . . are you going to mark me, Alpha?” Dean asked softly, mouth dry. Michael chuckled.
“Fergus Crowley?” Dean asked.
He was in heat.
Sam had leveled him with a look that burned Dean’s insides. “He’s not dying, Dean. Be patient.”
“Room,” he ground out. Two sets of hands grabbed him by the arms, leading him across the living room.
“I assure you, I was not the one who called the police,” he said.
“No, Dean. It isn’t.”
When Nick leaves, the silence returns. Dean is conflicted. For one, he just ordered a $300 bottle of wine and Castiel didn’t blink. Then, he ordered a $50 beer, and now Dean is stuck drinking a $300 bottle of wine on his own while watching Castiel drink beer.
“I’m glad you appreciate my references.”
The beta guards had been bringing him food and beverages throughout his heat, usually knocking once to let him know the food was outside. He couldn’t remember if he’d had a meal recently or not, but there was no way he was getting the door at that point.
Dean threw his towel across the room at the hamper, then tore open the envelope roughly, turning its contents out on the bed.
“Mr. Milton here wanted to meet you, Dean,” Adler said, significance in his tone. Dean nodded slightly. “Well, he’s all yours Mike. I’m just going to step out for a minute. The door will be open, of course. My secretary can hear everything, so don’t go getting any ideas!”
“Woke up when you did. Your alarm is getting hard to ignore.”
“I have contacts I can introduce you to here! C’mon, Cassie, the east coast is where the action is! What kind of glory is there in being an omega rights activist in fucking
Gilda’s note gave him pause. Why would she pass him a name and number? Was she trying to play matchmaker? He was an eligible, single alpha from a good family, after all. A number of omegas he’d approached for interviews had mistaken him as a suitor. He had a handful of calling cards Garth had collected from omegas interested in him, rather than the project. On an intellectual level, Castiel understood. The mating game was the only game omegas were allowed to play, and at the level Vinehall omegas were perched, it was difficult to find qualified mates. That remained a major reason why so many were promised before they even attended school.
“Dean—“ Castiel gasped, pushing back into Dean’s thrusts. “Fuck, Dean, gonna come . . .”
She led Dean into a sitting room, full of plush, comfortable-looking furniture. She gestured to a sofa, and Dean perched on the edge, hands in his lap. He unwrapped his scarf from around his neck and pulled his coat off when Charlie reached for them. She took them into the hallway, then disappeared. Dean waited in silence, surveying the room. It was set up like a rec room in an alpha frat house. Or, at least it looked like one out of a movie. The furniture was all made out of soft, dark brown material, and there were a few game tables made out of dark-stained wood. The carpet was soft, and the walls were painted in a buttery yellow color, making the whole space feel warm and comforting, rather than oppressive.
Dean adjusts the cuffs on his dress shirt and reaches up to run fingers through his stiff hair. “Uh, yeah. Why, what’s wrong with it?”
“Fuck,” Dean breathed, adjusting his position a little and sinking in a bit deeper. “So tight . . .”
“Don’t get too excited,” Dean says, shuffling and dealing.
. It’s a bitch to get the parts sometimes, but it’s so worth it. When I open her up on the highway, that purr, the power, the wind that rushes past . . . it’s better than sex.”
“Dean, please, c’mon!”
And, really, he thinks as he nuzzles Cas, it might be worth looking forward to after all.
Cas crouched down to gather his flyers. “I’m still not sure what you mean . . .” he said weakly. “It’s not a secret,” he insisted, “I’m just . . . I’m on suppressants, and blockers, and there shouldn’t be any way . . .”
—gonna . . . gonna—!”
They fall asleep together, Cas’s knot still buried inside Dean, arms and legs tangled together. As Dean fades from consciousness, warm against his alpha, surrounded by their combined scents, the potential for a future, a family, within him, he wonders if this might be what the future holds.
Perhaps he could take Dean and run away, Castiel mused with abandon. Once his heat was done, they could pack up and flee. Gabriel would take care of anything here, could keep Dean’s brother and adopted father safe. He and Dean could go off into a cabin in the woods, where they could fulfill their fantasies and mate and stay together and perhaps, one day, in the not-too-distant future have a pup or two . . .
Castiel snorted, then bowed with ridiculous flourish. “Of course, my good sir.”
“I’m so sorry.”
A few moments passed. Castiel started to understand Dean’s panicked messages earlier and had begun writing his own apologetic reply in his head when a picture came through.
“When my dad got back, my uncle had to tell him. I begged, ‘cause . . . ‘cause . . . well, I just wasn’t supposed to be an omega, y’know? But Bobby told him. And Dad was . . .” Dean swallowed hard. That wasn’t the point of the story. “He died not long after. So me and my brother, we stayed with Bobby, and I just kept working at the garage.”
“Hello, Castiel, darling. What do you think of the party?”
that feels so
“Good, you’re finally awake,” Sam had said before promptly smacking him with a large book. “Don’t bitch, it’s only ‘cause you’re in a hospital bed that I didn’t punch you in the face.”
The fourth night of Dean’s heat, Castiel woke in a cold sweat, haunted not by images of Dean presenting and wrapped around his knot, but of Michael’s chilling gaze and Anna’s desperate pleas. He groaned, pressing the heels of his hands into his eyes before finally getting up and going downstairs for a cold glass of water.
“Can I kiss you, Cas?” Dean breathed.
Dean is tingling down to his toes when Cas presses even further forward, insistent, then finally Dean opens his mouth to nip lightly at Cas’s lower lip and the alpha moves to simply
His cell phone rang, and he answered it immediately.
Dean tore at his wrist, fumbling with the catch to rip the watch from his arm, dropping it onto the floor in a pile of blankets he hadn’t bothered to put back on his bed.
Cas had stopped in the middle of unpacking and was staring at the thickening chocolate on the stove. Dean blushed and ran his hand over the back of his neck.
The corner of Dean’s mouth quirks up, heart rate picking up. “You think we’re friends, Cas?”
“I—of course, I can—”
Castiel managed to huff a laugh, but sobered immediately. “How did you get him back without anyone noticing?”
Castiel knows Dean’s body even better than his own, has tracked its changes through the years, but even so it’s different when it’s pressed up against his so completely. It’s in the comfort of Dean’s embrace that the tears he’s been fighting finally fall.
“Gross, Gabe,” Dean scoffs. “You just want to be naked in my living room.”
Castiel wished he would look up. “You don’t have to share anything you aren’t comfortable with, Dean. If you wanted to try again, though, you could let me know any time. But you don’t have to. It isn’t important. Your well-being is more important.”
“Mmm,” Dean moaned, and Castiel could hear the squish of slick against skin as Dean presumably ran his hand along his cock. “Got ‘em all over,” he panted. “Want your mouth everywhere.”
was there, in his arms and . . .”
Once he’s free of his traveling clothes, Castiel walks around the small cabin. For the most part, it is bare of any personal effects, but there are a few trinkets on shelves in the sitting area, including a ceramic angel watching over the room. Castiel runs his fingertips along the edge of the shelves, the magic protecting the cabin repelling dust so each surface is clean. The furniture and floors are well-worn, but lovingly maintained. The whole air of the cabin has a lived-in, loved feeling that makes Castiel wonder what its story is.
. There was that word. The word he’d avoided for so long, just trying to get by, trying to make it for Sammy. A word he was now going to have to embrace for the first time in his life.
His feet carried him to Cas’s office, where the alpha was sitting in the dark, his handsome face illuminated by the laptop screen. The entire space was soaked in his books-and-apple-pie scent. He was clearly immersed in his work, hardly noticing when Dean came in until Dean had flipped on the light.
“It’s too late. He’s gonna have to ride it out here. Obviously you can’t come downstairs for the duration. Great, now I’ve gotta make up some excuse to give Her Highness about why you aren’t working without making it look suspicious that Dean-o’s disappeared at the same time . . .”
Charlie sent back a series of exclamation points, but Castiel didn’t reply. He was too busy trying to calm his nerves on his way to the bar.
You could have heard a pin drop. Dean’s mouth went dry. “The fuck did you say?”
Tears welled unbidden in Cas’s eyes as he pressed one slow, gentle kiss to the skin there, to the hope below it. Cas loved Dean, loved their life together, and if they never had a child of their own, he knew he could be happy forever. But if it worked . . .
“I insist on paying half.”
Castiel wakes some time later to a gentle hand on his back. He groans, turning to nuzzle into the warm, comfortable bed beneath him. It smells comforting, and he feels protected within its embrace. Someone above him chuckles.
“Never fear, o anal-retentive one! I have found suitable lodgings that do not require I trespass upon your
Like she was never there.
“So obedient. Vinehall has been good for you, Dean. You’re going to let me take care of you, aren’t you?”
“Pathetic excuse for a seraph.”
The first thing Castiel notices about the interior of the tiny inn is that it’s far better kept than the exterior. In fact, upon glancing at the tables arranged in a clever way that makes the most use of the limited space, it’s meticulously clean and maintained. Lamps fill the mostly-empty space with a cheery glow, the wood surfaces gleaming with polish and not a speck of dirt. Castiel almost worries about tracking in mud and dust from the road, which is strange for what is essentially a glorified roadside tavern.
“Thank you,” he ceded bitterly.
“You don’t look so bad yourself,” Dean said. Cas looked at his own suit as though he didn’t even realize what he was wearing.
It was noon in California, so Sam was done with his morning classes, which was why he managed to pick up. He was clearly using his phone for the call, since he was in a very shaky frame.
Castiel sighed, leaning back against his sofa. “Thank you,” he replied. “Now please, let’s drop the whole thing, okay?”
, but Dean’s mouth took that opportunity to run off.
“I skipped my last dose,” Castiel said. “I’m going in next week. I thought for sure it would have worn off by now.”
“Oh, god . . .” Dean whined, pressing hard against his prostate, fucking himself with four fingers now. It wasn’t enough to fill him, but maybe if he could come . . .
Dean snorts. “Dude, you’re still knotted in my ass right now. You’re not going anywhere for, what, thirty minutes?”
, then—had been unassuming, clad in simple Mage’s work robes, imposing, and
“Do we have to go back?” Dean asked meekly. Cas smiled a little.
“How many subjects have you managed to procure?”
“Can you tell us a little bit about your family?”
“I hope that Sam is doing all right,” Castiel wonders idly.
“Me, too.”
Castiel recognizes that he’s being dismissed, so he turns to follow Dean through the trapdoor.
Dean flushed bright red from under his collar all the way up to his hairline. He tossed the DVD onto his bed and shoved his hands in his pockets. “Doesn’t have to mean anything, Cas,” he said, avoiding Cas’s eyes. Cas swallowed again, gulping down against his nerves.
, and Cas took his time to take it in from the source. His mate was drenched in sweat, writhing beneath him, skin sticking to sweat-slick skin, and for the first time in months Cas felt
“You were sick again,” she said. Cas rolled his eyes and gathered his things.
“Hey, come to the picnic with me.”
“No, Dean. This was his choice. I know you don’t like it, but there isn’t anything we can do. He chose this.”
Dean’s eyes pop open, and he realizes he was leaning in, almost scenting Cas. He steps back quickly. “Shit, sorry, Cas. Man, your cologne is awesome. Where’d you get it?” he laughs nervously, hand on the back of his neck. Cas tilts his head.
“What?” Dean asked.
He needed to call Hannah. Perhaps he should even tell her to return to California without him. A wild thought of never returning flitted through his brain, and he nearly laughed. No, Naomi would never allow that. He would finish his project, then put Dean far, far behind him.
“Complicate things?” Cas asked incredulously. “This is a disaster. We have to get him back to school before—”
“Yes?” a bored voice answered.
Without warning, another police officer came from the kitchen, holding a struggling woman in cuffs.
The air wavered in the silence. Castiel couldn’t bring himself to look anywhere else, but Dean’s eyes darted around the office, occasionally skipping over Cas’s eyes. He needed Dean to leave; it was getting difficult to breathe around his scent, filling the room as it was. Cas opened his mouth to say so, but then Dean blurted, “I fixed cars!”
and all he can think is that he needs to go to Dean, to make this right.
“You sure? Dean’s got quite a reputation ‘round here,” the guard says. He’s older, with a pointed face and hooded eyes.
“Dean, you showed up barefoot and filthy, dragging your younger brother along, on the steps of a Society of Letters stronghold looking like you’d been hounded from Hell itself. I’ve never asked for your story, but I feel . . . I can’t protect you if I don’t know what you might need protecting from.”
Kevin made another face. “She may have hacked the system and put herself there.”
“I’m fine, Cas.”
Dean grabbed fistfuls of his hair and tugged against the thought, a growl starting deep in his chest. What the hell was he doing?
“Yeah, I guess.”
, he thought, hissing as the scalding water hit his skin.
“I think that’ll do it! Let’s head back to the office and we’ll get you back on the road.”
“Yes,” Castiel hissed, and then Dean’s mouth was on him, devouring him. Castiel let out a tiny whimper, his fingers flexing against nothing as Dean held him fast against the door. As they sank their weight into each other, Dean brushed Castiel’s palms and then laced their fingers together. Castiel grasped onto Dean’s hands tightly as Dean plundered his mouth, thumbs rubbing soothing circles along the inside of his wrists. Castiel practically melted at the touch, whining as Dean pulled back to rest their foreheads together.
“It’s all right, it was my own fault. It seems the Michael ordeal rattled me a bit more than I thought.” She chuckles mirthlessly before tossing the remains of the cup into the trash. She reaches for another cup, pouring suddenly steaming tea from a kettle on the counter. “Fancy a cuppa?”
“I know this story,” Cas breathes. Dean keeps going.
out of the Bunker’s garage.
But Dean doesn’t stop glaring at Castiel. It starts to make him uncomfortable, but he’s unable to break eye contact. Eventually, Sam clears his throat.
“Yeah, sure, a reputation for kicking your ass, Kubrick,” Dean snarls. Kubrick moves as though he’s going to strike Dean, but thinks better of it with witnesses.
After the long journey with Dean, this final push is exhausting, but Castiel keeps going, sometimes stopping to check that he’s going in the right direction. It’s a move he has to do less frequently as he gets closer to his destination. He isn’t sure how much of a head start Dean has; as the miles stretch on and he grows more fatigued, he’s worried that he might not even be going in the right direction.
By this point, he knew the drill, so he was already undressing below the waist before the nurse gave her instructions. Dr. Banes came in shortly thereafter, followed by a flushed-looking Cas who settled into a chair by Dean’s head. He glared at Dean, who was pursing his lips to hold back a laugh.
Dean shouldn’t be doing this, either. If word got back to Michael that he’d confronted an alpha, that he’d been participating in this study even tangentially . . .
“Right, the forty-year-old bachelor doesn’t need any help with dating,” Balthazar quipped. A few quick taps and swipes, and then Balthazar held his phone up so Castiel could see the screen, but still held it out of his grasp. “Ah ah, take a look before you so blithely decide to destroy my hard work.”
“What publisher? Any books I know?” Dean replies, ignoring the question. Castiel blinks, the first sign that he might actually be perturbed by Dean.
“I’m proud of you.”
“Where did you get that photo?” he asked. He was standing under soft amber lighting, hands tucked into the pockets of his jet-black tuxedo, head tossed back in laughter in profile to the camera. He didn’t remember ever having this picture taken.
“Hey, Cas,” he said. “Didn’t hear you come in.”
When Dean got up to go change, Charlie slid into his seat.
“What the hell is happening here?” Dean asked softly. Cas shook his head.
“You need to make friends, Cassie.”
A sheepish blush spread up Castiel’s cheeks, and Hannah shook her head. “Never mind, I don’t want to know. Just . . . don’t do it again?”
“What’d you think?” Dean asked.
It was the most Dean had told anyone about his circumstances. But, strangely, he wasn’t afraid. Now, he didn’t want to tell Castiel the whole story, but not for the same reasons as before.
“Sam told me,” Cas replies, undeterred. Dean pushes away from Cas and toward his bed.
What happened next was too fast for Cas to comprehend, but in the end Charlie, Benny, and Andrea were taken out of the diner in cuffs and Cas was rushing down the sidewalk away from the scene with his cell phone pressed to his ear.
His insides were starting to feel like molten lava again as he rutted against the soft sheets, slipping a hand into his sweats to grip his rapidly hardening cock. His channel was starting to ache, the feeling of slick beginning to trickle from him making him shiver. All he could think as he absentmindedly stroked his cock was that he regretted not owning an inflatable knot.
“You know I can’t. Please stop bringing it up.”
Gabriel held up his hands. “Oh, yessir, Mr. Alpha, sir. Consider me gone.” He clapped Cas on the shoulder. “Good luck, kid,” he murmured.
Dean holding himself together. “
“Yeah, well, you try living as an omega with asshole knot-heads trying to tell you what to do all the time.”
“Of course.”
The moment Castiel’s hand makes contact with Dean’s wrist, Dean gasps, and Castiel’s heart pounds in his ears. His magic reaches out for Dean with little effort. He has to be careful to direct it toward what he wants to heal. It’s more tangible this time, a swirling mass of dark energy concentrated on Dean’s arm. While Dean welcomes him, this repels him. The harder he pushes, the harder it pushes back. The center of it is so dark that it hurts Castiel to look at it, but he can’t give up. With a deep breath, he weaves as much magic as he safely can into Dean’s body and targets that central void—
So the three of them had packed into Baby like sardines, Dean’s few belongings stuffed into the trunk, and set off toward Massachusetts. Dean had never been to Massachusetts. Hell, even when their dad had been alive and hauling the two of them all over the country, they’d never made it into New England. Too traditional, too many questions about an alpha raising his sons on his own. Local strangers had wanted to take Dean and Sam away more than once when they saw what the situation was. So, John had kept moving.
“I didn’t,” Cas counters. “And just because it isn’t visible doesn’t mean it can’t come back. Dean, that mark felt . . . I can’t describe just how
“Shut the fuck up and get down here,” Cas grumbled, his eyes sparkling even in the dark. Dean grinned, then yelped as he stubbed his toe on the corner of the altar.
“Of course,” Castiel replied again. “I have a detailed timeline and a standard list of questions that I plan to use with each subject—”
“Did that help?” Castiel manages. Dean laughs nervously.
Cas wiped his mouth with the back of his hand and pushed himself back on his knees. “Just a moment,” he called through the bathroom door. His stomach rolled again, but thankfully didn’t bring anything else up. He managed to get to his feet, splashed cold water on his face and disposed of the evidence of his . . . episode. He’d retched up most of breakfast for the last three days, and apparently now his body wasn’t going to keep down anything he ate. He rinsed his mouth and patted everything dry on a towel, then turned to open the door.
“Fuck that,” Castiel said, kissing him again. “Come up.”
Cas clearly wants to argue, but holds back. He inclines his head and replies, “As crystal.”
wearing that.”
is also her own person,” Hannah spat. “And can speak for herself.”
Another eternity passed in silence, so long ice began to creep through the warm calm in Castiel’s veins, before Dean smiled softly and said, “Okay.”
Gabriel settled. “Sorry. My lips are zipped, little bro.”
Castiel anticipated the tug before he felt it. He sighed deeply, marking his spot in his book and setting it gently on the desk in front of him. A glance at the timekeeping device on the wall showed him it was nearly midnight, Christmas Eve, for his charge. Whatever Dean needed him for now could probably wait until after the next day’s festivities, but the tug was insistent, nagging at him to respond.
“You sure know those rules really well.”
Blue-eyes—Castiel?—startled again, turning toward another stranger, this one clearly a beta (her soft natural scent wafted through the violets, a breath of fresh air that had Dean’s nose unconsciously seeking more). She stormed toward him with purpose, putting Dean back on his heels a little. She turned her gaze to Dean briefly, then ignored him.
“And this one’s yours!” he declared, opening the door to a sizeable bedroom complete with en-suite bathroom. It was decorated in cool colors, with a rather large mahogany-framed bed and several empty bookcases.
Cas finally managed to uncork the bottle before pouring half of it into one large goblet, and half into the other. Dean wasn’t exactly a fan of wine, but he wasn’t going to turn Cas down, either. He took the goblet from Cas’s hand. Face set with determination, Cas took his own goblet and downed a large gulp. Dean shrugged, then did the same.
Ellen watches them eat while she bustles around behind the bar, cleaning and stocking. No other patrons come or go the entire time, and Castiel is bursting with questions Dean has told him not to ask. He wonders if maybe he could get a word with Ellen while Dean is distracted with the contact he needs to meet.
“No, I mean, what the
“Okay, okay, hey, buddy, take it easy.”
“I, uh. I don’t think so. School rules and all.” As if Zachariah would let him out of his sight for even a second. Sam didn’t look pleased.
“Thank you.”
A thrill runs through Castiel as he struggles to his knees to throw his arms around Dean and kiss him. “Really?” he asks. Dean leans over and blows out the candle before climbing into bed with Castiel. He arranges the blankets to his satisfaction before gathering Castiel up in his arms and spooning him. Castiel breathes in the scent of
Fuck. Now, Dean has to drink an expensive wine that tastes like feet, and eat all of the salty fish eggs. At least he won’t have to sit through the main course. The silence stretches on as Dean chokes down wine and caviar to fill it.
Castiel suddenly bursts out laughing, hiding his face in Dean’s shoulder.
“Yes, and yet he has
Castiel blushed, despite being alone. He readjusted his shorts and went back into the bathroom. He turned his back to the mirror, twisting just enough so that he could get his own picture. His ass did look really good in the shorts, he thought blithely as he sent the picture off. It didn’t take long to get a reply.
Sarah had said this was important. Gilda had promised him it would be just as confidential as his participation in Cas’s study. Kevin had told him he was an idiot, but Dean had to do
Cas glared at him, but continued. “We aren’t . . . there isn’t anything like that between us. There can’t be. He was there tonight, and . . . we hardly know each other, but I can
“Seriously? Wouldn’t have asked if I didn’t. It’s a milk run. Back a bag, let’s go.”
faith. I simply provided Castiel with the means to find a way to become partnered this late in adulthood through contemporary, technological means.”
“You should get inside,” Castiel said. Dean opened his mouth to protest, but closed it quickly as Castiel raised an eyebrow. Dean gestured at the cabin behind him.
Cas stared at him for a while, eyes illuminated by the soft light coming from the ballroom. Dean felt like he was being examined, but instead of backing down he stared back, meeting Cas’s gaze with answering strength.
,” Cas said, stripping off his suit coat and tie. Dean was clearly out of it, only turning to face Cas when he heard his voice. He usually responded more strongly to Cas’s scent.
It’s weakness, the clenching in his stomach and racing of his pulse that happens every time he’s this close to Dean. Besides the fact that Dean is a sword-for-hire and Castiel is a man in a position of great ancestral power, there’s the fact of their long, complicated history that should stop him from feeling the way he does around Dean. Regardless, he’s affected, and he considers stopping him with magic, for a moment, though he hadn’t really before. There’s desperation behind Dean’s usually confident eyes, an uncertainty Castiel isn’t used to from him.
Michael pulled him closer by the wrist, wrapping an arm loosely around Dean’s waist. Dean turned his head away, baring his neck without thinking. Michael made a satisfied sound low in his chest, running his nose along the scent gland at the base of Dean’s neck. Every muscle in Dean’s body tensed, held taught against this alpha who was scenting him, making him vulnerable. One quick nip at the gland there, just under the thin skin, and his whole life would be over. Blood rushed through him, heart pounding as Michael hovered over him, breath hot against his skin.
“If you’re not careful, it might be. They put nutmeg in pie, too.”
“Thanks for coming, babe,” Dean murmured into Castiel’s ear, making him shiver. “By the way, your ass looks amazing in those pants.”
Despite all rumors to the contrary, the Mages that reside in the Bunker keep regular hours, meaning the dim light and hushed voices emanating from the library are highly irregular. The image of the swirling smoke rises in Castiel’s mind as he moves toward them. None of the security measures have been activated, so that means it must be one of the Brothers, at least; perhaps a Novice attempting to study in the wee hours when they can have the space to themselves? Out of bed after curfew would mean a reprimand, so Castiel understands the urge for secrecy.
“Dean?”
“No, man,” Dean said abruptly, halting Kevin’s train of thought. “It was, uh . . . y’know, consensual. Just a mistake, is all.”
“So good for me,” Dean whispered, finally brushing over Castiel’s prostate.
“Dean—Dean—cl-close . . .”
When Cas kisses him, Dean knows it’s for the last time. Even if Cas doesn’t.
“Thanks, Charlie,” he said, smiling at her as she gave him her traditional Vulcan salute on her way down the street to meet up with some of her other friends.
It’s some damn good cologne.
“I have worked closely with alphas my entire life, and I will tell you that I have always been considered at least as intelligent as they are, if not more so. But suddenly, I have a heat, and I am told I am less than, I have my knowledge questioned, and I have opportunities taken from me. The switch is immediate and completely arbitrary. What changed about me from one day to the next? Absolutely nothing, except the value that I hold for my family.”
?” she said. Cas and Gabriel nodded. Charlie whistled. “Well that’s just dandy. You boys sure know how to step right into it, don’t you?”
The room was in a festive mood, and Hannah quickly found her dance card filled. Castiel successfully navigated his way out of any dances with the ladies in the crowd, only fibbing once or twice before turning Hannah over to the attentions of her dance partners.
Gabriel snorts. “Imaginary ones don’t count. C’mon, dorkface, we’re going out.”
Jack blinks at him, tilting his head in a way that makes Dean ache. “You are an omega, yes?”
“Hello, Dean,” he says, leaning against the door.
“Can’t wait to get you home,” Castiel whispered back, placing a surreptitious kiss below Dean’s ear. Dean pulled away just enough to kiss him properly, just on the wrong side of chaste to be surrounded by company board members. Castiel sighed into the kiss and let it linger a little longer than he probably should have in public.
So, if not a matchmaking scheme, what was the number for? He’d attempted to find “Charlie Bradbury” on social media, but he wasn’t very good at it and he hadn’t gotten any hits. He couldn’t risk asking Hannah, since he was sure that their bungalows were being monitored, and Gilda had gone to lengths to ensure secrecy. So, simply calling the number was out, too. Maybe.
“Cas . . .” Dean starts, then pauses. “Missed you on the hunt. Should come with us next time.”
“Get under here, you idiot,” Dean says, too tired to argue.
“Usually the talking comes first, Cas, but since you said ‘later’ . . .” Dean ducked his head, blush spreading across his cheeks. “It’s gonna be a good talk, though, right?” he asked, remarkably sheepish for someone who had just had his hand wrapped around Cas’s dick. Cas nodded, linking his fingers through Dean’s clean hand, despite the awkward angle.
“I’m an omega, right?” Dean said defiantly, still staring at the ground. “I got a story. Wanna tell it.”
In vain, Dean sniffs the air as though he could breathe hard enough to make his sense of smell return.
“Something wrong?” he asks innocently. Castiel responds by dealing the next hand.
shit!”
Castiel wanders around the shelves, lifting a hand to hover over their spines. He reads an ancient, faded title and withdraws his hand quickly. “Dean, there’s a copy of the Black Grimoire here.”
Dean groans. “I don’t know—”
“Bor-
“Ask me.”
He used the Vinehall blockers like a shield, even more than usual, as he dressed in their trappings and went about his day. His professors and classmates didn’t seem to notice, luckily, but Dean kept his head down just in case. It wouldn’t be worth it to attract unneeded attention.
“Thank you for bringing me back here,” Dean says. Cas shrugs.
Dean was standing there, dressed in another soft cashmere sweater, this one a mossy green that brought out the color in his eyes. Cas tried not to notice the trim cut of his waist, but he couldn’t. If he’d had time, there was no way he could keep the fantasies at bay.
Castiel set up his digital recorder and pulled out his notebook. “Gilda, what brings you here today?”
“Nnngh, oh god,” Dean murmured in what was very clearly a moan. A
“Hannah had it in their phone, from the donors’ gala last year. I did my research, no need to worry. Take a look at your profile.”
, whatever you need to do. There are so many things that magic can do—”
talked about this, but right now . . . it felt like giving up. Cas gave his hand another squeeze, and Dean took a deep, shaky breath.
Adler dismissed them all with a wish for a happy, productive year, and Dean nearly bolted from his seat. He couldn’t breathe properly until he was outside, rushing across the quad to put distance between himself and the crowd in the auditorium. Several of his classmates gave him dirty looks as he shoved past them, but he didn’t care. He just had to leave, get away—
Cas’s mouth fell open. “How do you know . . .?”
Weird; nothing.
“Dean,” Castiel replied softly.
. Something terrible is going on and I refuse to let you—”
“It’s October, Castiel,” she had said. “You only have two more months.”
Hours passed, and Castiel knew he would have his work cut out for him with the amount of tape he’d recorded that day. Charlie helped pack up after the last omega, but just as he was about to follow her into the house someone knocked on the door.
Dean ducks his head and sheepishly rubs the back of his neck. “Cause I got him one from the library at the University.”
“I don’t care if you think it’s a good idea. We have to go and tell her someone’s going to help her. We can’t just leave her there.”
“’M fine. ‘S good as can be expected. Hot, thirsty.”
“Or a publishing executive?”
“Dean, did you forget to pay the electric bill again?” Sam asks.
Dean’s dresser drawers squeak as he puts away clean t-shirts and pulls out pajamas. “Didn’t realize it was a question.”
“C’mon, Samson, show us the goods!” Gabriel says. Sam rolls his eyes, but Castiel thinks he sees a little bit of a blush on Sam’s cheeks. Interesting.
Kevin turned in his chair. “Really? But you’re promised. What’s your alpha gonna think?”
“’Tiiiiis the season
“And Dean?” Castiel prompts. Sam fidgets, picking at the label on his beer.
Gabriel might have been speaking, but Castiel hung up anyway, quickly punching Hannah’s contact information. It rang four times before going to voicemail. Cas cursed, then tried dialing again to the same result.
A word that now defined him and everything he could potentially offer society.
“Has Sam been here?” he asks. Dean looks at him strangely, then laughs.
“You gonna put that in your paper?” he asked.
“I figured we’d find your massive sex toy collection. Virgin alphas are famous for their stashes.”
“When did you have time to do this?” he asked. Dean plopped a Santa hat down on Cas’s head.
“I’ve gotta say, when I first heard your proposal I thought you were a damn fool, Novak,” he said. “Why the hell would I ever let you near my omegas?”
“Yeah. Castiel Novak.”
, Dean.”
“Want to watch me?”
“What? No, of course I’m coming! Didn’t you hear? Latest landmark victory for omegas in the workplace? Guess who was lead counsel?”
Sam had fought him pretty hard when he’d found out where Dean was going next. It hadn’t helped that Dean couldn’t tell him a thing about why he was actually at Vinehall.
“Who?”
. I don’t think they’d take kindly to an omega rights lawyer staying here. Nevermind
Cas hesitates, but follows after Dean into the underbrush.
. Whatever he’s found, it has the same dark feeling as the void within Dean and he knows it has to be the same source. Hoping that it’s the same thing that Dean is chasing, he hurries off after it.
“So, you’re here for a physical and a round of suppressants, is that correct?” the nurse asked. He was a beta, or at least he didn’t have any particular scent and he wasn’t coated in the smell of violets like all of the omegas on campus were. Castiel nodded.
He’s nearly into town when his phone buzzes at him from his back pocket. It takes a little maneuvering, but he manages to grab it while at one of the only two stoplights between the Bunker and the convenience store. He swipes the screen to answer Cas’s incoming call.
He carefully put them all back in place after he raised him from Hell, after all.
Dean opens his mouth, as though to speak, but then a gruff voice says from the entrance, “Don’t let me interrupt.”
Castiel glared.
The question was quiet, tentative, and made Dean shiver. He looked at Castiel, but the alpha was still gazing straight ahead. Dean shrugged.
“What in the name of the gods is happening here?” he demands, clenching hard on his hands to stifle the power flaring in them. Sam, for his part, looks appropriately contrite.
“How to reverse ancient curses,” Cas replies firmly.
“Come in,” Cas called, and was nearly knocked to his feet as the scent washed over him.
“Holy shit, it was amazing, wasn’t it?”
Sam rolled his eyes. “Whatever, you’re such a perv.”
Cas’s jaw dropped. “Gabe—Gabriel?!”
Dean seemed to brush it off, but then looked down and swallowed hard before he glanced back up, humor in his eyes. “All right, go take a shower, filthy alpha sap.”
“Yes.”
“You’re promised.”
Dean rolled his hips, nudging his neglected cock toward Cas’s face. He smelled strongest here, scent deep and musky. He gave in to Dean’s insistence, licking a long stripe up the underside of Dean’s swollen dick. Dean
of you. I have no idea what came over you, but you
“Not a copy,” Dean replies distractedly.
“We’re better rid of him,” Castiel said. Hannah smacked him lightly with her closed fan.
He carefully places a hand near the jar, checking to make sure there isn’t any kind of charge surrounding it, any indication of what it might mean or whether there is any immediate danger from the object itself. There’s a powerful seal surrounding it, and it all appears to be in place. Satisfied that it isn’t going to cause any issues in the Bunker, he continues down the hall toward his rooms, but then . . . something gives him pause. Perhaps there is something he’s missed in the archives about these instruments. It’s always been strange that there were no records left behind by previous Archmages about their creation, their purpose. Much has been written about the quest to discover their meaning, but anything about their origin should be kept somewhere within the Bunker, if it exists. He turns left, instead of right, to find a text in the library that might give him insight.
Castiel watches the bitterness cross Dean’s face, but before he can respond, Dean tugs his sleeve back down and steps back.
Dean flinched as Michael took the watch from the case, eased the case from Dean’s hands, then reached out to hold Dean’s wrist.
“‘Oh-pea-sea-oh-ess’?” Dean repeated.
Usually Dean was the one leading them into stupid, trouble-seeking adventures, but as graduation approached, Cas was finding it more and more difficult to live under the stifling thumb of his uncle’s house rules. As the ward of the pastor of the church their families both attended, Cas was at worship every Sunday, bible study every Wednesday, and every teen and community event throughout the week. He was kept so busy with church, in fact, that Dean wondered how on Earth he was able to be their class valedictorian, too. It had been Cas who suggested this particular bit of rebellion, which Dean had readily agreed to. Anything for his best friend.
". . . book a table at the club for Friday, then!”
Jimmy had smelled like dry paper and ink, no hint of thunder or otherworldliness. Alpha, sure, but not in a dominant way. Not in a way that made Dean’s well-controlled inner omega curl up and purr.
“Cas . . .” Dean pants against Castiel’s lips, interrupted by Castiel firmly pressing their lips back together. “Cas, I . . . I’m sorry, I—”
“You have to look at me, Dean.”
The bungalow opened onto a large green space that was shared with the rest of the cabins. Hannah’s was next door, so if he wanted he could simply walk from his own back porch to hers and knock on her sliding door. He took a deep breath of the clear air. It was a crisp Massachusetts September day, the sky blue above the trees that littered the green space. Maybe he could get a lawn chair to put out here while the weather was still nice. He’d never been this far east, and he was a little nervous about the winter. Most of his clothing was better suited for northern California, not New England. He might have to scrape together some funds for a sturdier winter coat.
“Dean? Sam?” Castiel asks, announcing himself before he rounds the corner. He trusts the brothers, considers Dean a friend, but Dean carries weapons and is known to stab first and ask questions later. Sam is the more level-headed of the two, however as a newly-initiated Brother Castiel doesn’t know him as well as he knows Dean.
“Thank you,” she said, extending a hand. Castiel shook it, startling at the slight crinkle of paper that passed from her hand to his.
“Not gonna happen,” Dean said. “Besides, when I die, it’s gonna be because of something way cooler. It’s gonna definitely be pie that gets me.”
“Oh, sweetheart. You are. You’re my beautiful omega.”
“Yeah.”
“Did you . . .” Dean swallowed hard, trying to fight back his instincts enough to speak in complete sentences. “Was it you?”
Dean kissed him again, hard, before moving to breathe into his ear, “Bring them out for me.”
“Same thing for duration? Unpredictable?”
Dean winces. “I dunno what you mean. I was charming as hell.”
actually
“Dean, I can’t. You’re a student, you’re a research participant . . . you’re
“Please, Dean.”
“I’m not talking about the wine,” Cas murmured. “Just . . . please, don’t say things I know you don’t mean.”
, though it’s kinda lost in a sea of other pain going on at the moment. The bunker’s never completely dark, so even though the lights are off there’s still some ambient glow from the hallway and the strangely illuminated vents. His eyes feel hot, almost like they’ve been singed from the inside, and while his vision is blurry, he can at least see.
blue), his stance wasn’t aggressive, and his voice was even and strong. Dean breathed deeply, lowering his heart rate and calming down some. The rage was retreating, but Dean was still angry.
Dean looks up at Castiel, eyes flickering between Castiel and the map he’s holding. “You got somethin’?” Dean asks, turning away.
“Ah, I see you’ve got a visitor! Well, maybe Mr. Novak will be so kind as to wait outside while we have a little chat, Castiel? Alpha to alpha?”
,” before Castiel drags him back in by the fist still twisted in the front of his shirt. They’re a little more coordinated now, but Castiel is still so
They talked for an hour, Dean’s cheeks hurting from all the smiling he was doing, before Sam cut him off.
Dean snorted. “
. Cas hummed, leaning down to lap at Dean’s mating bite.
“Mmhmm. Well, keep it that way, or the consequences will be dire and sweeping.” Adler got up and left, leaving traces of his nauseating scent behind. Cas’s joints unfroze, and he nearly fell to the floor as blood rushed through his limbs. Gabriel came back in, noticing Castiel on his knees immediately.
“Do you not have enough stuff?” Dean ventured. He hadn’t been able to help Cas directly, not really, but he’d sent as many of his friends Cas’s way as possible. But, of course it hadn’t been enough. Dean didn’t exactly mix with everyone at the school, and a project like Cas’s needed more than Dean could contribute—
“I don’t—I can’t smell anything.”
“Well,” said the omega, handing a stack of papers to Cas as he stood, “that’s what gave it away. You’re not an omega, no way, since you aren’t wearing the school scent. And I can’t get a single read off you, so that rules out beta, since I’d be able to scent you even under all this.” He gestured around himself, at the school at large and its very distinctive aroma. “So, process of elimination: alpha.”
Dean sipped his own drink while Cas settled in. He glanced at his friend surreptitiously, a warmth spreading through his chest that had nothing to do with the hot chocolate.
He'd said goodbye to Sam eight days ago. They’d hugged in the administration building right after his baby brother had signed over his alpha rights, and, while Sam couldn’t see his face, Dean had scented him, breathing in his soft grass-and-paper smell. He’d swallowed around the lump in his throat as he patted Sam on the back and said, “no omega-flick moments.” Right now, Sam was probably packing up his side of the room they’d shared at Bobby’s in Sioux Falls and heading west for Stanford.
“I’m sure he’ll come, Dean,” Sam says.
Cas opens the door and Dean almost gasps out loud. He looks
—through the middle of it was Dean. He was wearing his favorite plaid pajama pants and Cas’s old university sweatshirt, moving from box to box and hanging ornaments from the tree. Cas pressed a hand to the smile that was threatening to spread across his face. It felt unfamiliar. He watched Dean swivel around on the hardwood floor in his socks, singing along quietly to himself as he meticulously selected ornaments for the tree. At one point, he attempted a
“It’s an Omega school, Sammy. You know what they’re like.”
“Zachariah’s going to kill me,” Cas whispered.
Dean startles as Bobby shouts them both down. He looks furious. “Stow your crap,
Dean shrugged, and some of the fight seemed to have left him. He dropped the garbage bag, which Cas could see was full of various mementos and pictures, the topmost of which had Lisa in them. “It’s fine, I guess. I mean, it’s not, but whatever. I’ll get over it.”
“I can sense Michael’s grace.” Cas’s voice is barely above a whisper as he speaks the words into Dean’s skin, pressing those feathery kisses along Dean’s jaw and across his cheekbone. Dean clutches at Cas’s wrists, his heart racing again for a very different reason. “I can sense when he’s there, when he’s being subdued, and when he leaves.”
“Whoa, dude, please don’t use that word. That Vinehall shit, just . . . you don’t have to use it here, okay? This is the real world.”
“Don’t remind me,” Cas groaned, laying on his back in the frosty grass.
Cas’s eyes narrowed. “
“Yes, my friends and I are here to visit one of the prisoners,” Castiel said coolly, though he sounded out of place. Hannah stiffened next to him, her scent turning a little sour at whatever was happening at the door.
Now, though. Now, there’s nothing. And Dean can’t tell if it’s his nose or . . . or something else. Something he doesn’t want to think about.
It was small, but cozy. The furniture and décor didn’t match what Dean knew of Cas, though, so he wondered whose house this was. A perfunctory scenting of the main room and kitchen revealed nothing but maybe a small residue of Hannah’s soft scent. Cas bustled around the kitchen, pouring grounds into a small coffee maker. He seemed pretty at home, so Dean had to assume he lived here.
Dean rolls his eyes at her nickname for his brother and sister-in-law, but relents. “Will there be food?”
“I have this man’s credentials,” he calls, his voice high and unfamiliar to his own ears. Dean narrows his eyes in suspicion.
From: Castiel Novak <cjn@perditioninkpublishing.com>
“I could just take you home, kid.”
“Patience,” Dean murmured. A twinge in Castiel’s lower back interrupted the warmth building in his belly.
“Yeah, Dean, I am, because for some reason you think—”
Cas chews on his bottom lip, and Dean wants to free it with his fingers. Or pull it gently between his own teeth.
“Feeling better, honey?” Dean nodded.
They broke apart, finally, but didn’t move far. Cas pressed his forehead against Dean’s and gazed at him in wonder, as though Dean was the most precious thing in the whole universe.
“Hard work and a little luck,” Bobby grunts. “You’re standing in my light, boy.”
“We can stick to the road until dawn, but we’re gonna need to cut across country in the daylight.”
“Jo lived with them then, too. Ellen’s daughter. She’s a blacksmith out in Carthage, now. Does a good business; her swords are imbued with her magic. They don’t dull or chip.”
“You’re welcome.”
So, Castiel might not be a total douche, but he’s stiff as hell. Dean’s starting to chafe under the empty air, and after a while Castiel’s demeanor starts to slip. His eyes dart sideways, he licks his lips a lot, and opens his mouth a couple of times a minute as though he’s going to start saying something. He never does. Dean sips his particularly dry wine just for something to do while they wait on the food they ordered.
“Please? For me?”
“Of course I did. You’re my omega, Dean. I will shower you with gifts if I want.”
“As are you,” he replied. Charlie grinned.
“Dean—” Cas sighs as Dean turns him over, presses him into the bed and straddles him. Cas grips Dean’s hips hard with both hands. “
Charlie was noticeably quiet on the other end. “So . . . what you’re saying is, you don’t want me to look into him?”
“No, I—wait, what?”
Dean left, nearly tripping over his feet. The whole meeting had taken less than fifteen minutes, but Dean was reeling.
“Do you know the tales of Winchester Wood?” he asks quietly.
“Sounds good, Gabe,” Castiel said distractedly. Step one, finish project. Step two, help omegas.
“I don’t know what you think I was going to say, Cassie, but I assure you that I only have your best interests at heart.” Castiel scoffed.
Warning: brief sexist language and behavior; details in the end notes if you are concerned
“Oh yeah? Well, I think there is a need. I think you need to get your ass back in the kitchen and fix it!”
“Mmm, feels good,” Castiel moaned. “So big,
“I need some air,” Dean said. He ignored Gilda’s concerned look, glancing over to where Sarah was teaching Kevin to lead on the dance floor before heading out onto the small balcony.
Before Dean delivered, Cas wasn’t sure how he’d feel when it was over. They had spent so many years of their lives together trying to make this happen. He wanted Dean and his pup safe and healthy, but how would it really
“It’s irrelevant. My aptitude far outweighs any reduction of power that might come from distance.”
Dean awoke with a start, groaning into his pillow. It took him a minute to take stock, but when he did, he wished he could go back to sleep.
He was lonely. As difficult as it was to admit, it was true.
Dean doesn’t say anything, just lays down his cards and raises his eyebrow. Castiel’s mouth is suddenly very dry. He stands, fingers on the waistband of his boxers, still damp from both his slick and his steadily dripping cock, but hesitates.
Castiel smiled at the rapid-fire apologies and made a decision.
“Better than falling into the wrong hands. There’s some dangerous shit in here, Cas.”
“Haven’t had any, uh,
. Literally, Dean finds himself stunned speechless as he stares into fathomless blue eyes in a Hollywood-gorgeous face. He’s young, much younger than Dean imagined (though he wasn’t sure how old Gabriel is to be able to judge), and he’s undeniably
Castiel hesitated. “None yet.”
He ran the shower as hot as he could stand, attempting to scrub the remnants of what he and Dean had done. Their scent bond was clearly going to be an issue.
Stull Valley is a long stretch of dead trees between the soft swell of fertile hills on either side. The rise Castiel stands on is one of the small ridges helping to fortify the vale that made it so desirable for the Winchesters so long ago. But as Castiel looks down over it, all he can see is a swirling, dark mass of black smoke. And it is oozing power, a darker and more overwhelming version of what was concentrated in Dean.
“I like it.”
“I ain’t sayin’ you gotta take ‘em,” Bobby said, “but they’re here if you want ‘em.”
“Cas?” Dean whispered. Cas gently turned Dean’s head to face him, his stormy blue eyes wide and earnest. Dean swallowed hard over the lump in his throat.
Kevin was waiting when he got back to the room. He’d had Dean’s bed stripped and cleaned while he was gone, and offered Dean a sympathetic look.
“Anna, I’m so sorry,” Castiel whispered. The hole in his chest ached and he clutched at it, wishing that he could fill it with the green-eyed omega downstairs.
Dean shoved his hands into his pockets, chewing on the inside of his lip. “Look, I don’t know that I got much to say. I mean, I gotta keep a lotta stuff kinda close, y’know? To protect people. I ain’t got the most sterling past.”
“Your deal,
“Twenty-seven.”
A chill runs through Castiel at the words. “I promise,” Castiel says. Ellen huffs a laugh, breaking the moment.
Dragging himself away from the window, Dean spun his phone between his fingers as he paced from the living room and into the kitchen. A cooling pot of his grandma’s homemade hot chocolate sat congealing on the stove, waiting for Cas’s return home. Dean chewed on his lower lip. It’d been a long time and Cas wasn’t responding to his texts. Should he call the Gas ‘N Sip and see if Cas was still there? It would suck to be stuck there overnight, even if Cas had dragged an old sleeping bag to the stock room “just in case, Dean.”
Dean’s head was fuzzy, far fuzzier than it usually was at this point, but he could tell that it was Gabriel’s hands on him, leading him deeper into the house.
“Come up,” Castiel murmured against Dean’s lips.
“So, hey, if you’re tired should probably go to bed, right? Snow’s not supposed to let up, so maybe you won’t have to go to work tomorrow? Might be kinda fun, hang out, watch movies—”
“Your ID says ‘omega’ now, boy. It ain’t worth the trouble you’d get into if we were pulled over. Plus, you really think you could pull up to the shrine of old-fashioned omega ideals in the driver’s seat? Omegas ain’t allowed to drive.”
“Castiel!”
“I will see you soon,” he said softly. And then, though his body rebelled against it, Castiel turned and made his way back upstairs.
“What the hell kind of omega are you?” Kevin deadpanned. “So, um, I think they’ve got some stuff for emergencies. Just . . . grab some clothes and we can head down to the heat rooms, okay?”
“Meet any cute girls yet?” Dean teased. Sam laughed.
“Ugh, gross, get the fuck out of here, god!”
“Right. Dude, what is up with that school?”
and an
. . .
“You should consider postponing your next dose,” Hannah said as Cas leaned against the car to let a wave of nausea pass.
Castiel blinked, startled into making eye contact with Dean. Carefully, Dean slid the mostly full beer bottle from Castiel’s fingers, his proximity enough to make Castiel’s breath catch.
“I’ll be back,” Castiel promised. Dean shrugged, pushing himself back, pulling away from Castiel.
Castiel didn’t reply. The guardian connection was not meant to last this long into adulthood; most of his peers had moved on to other charges long ago. But when Dean had made his decision, it had put Castiel into a kind of limbo. He could not take another charge until the connection was dissolved, but when he imagined no longer being tied to Dean . . .
“Careful, buddy, easy on the nog,” Charlie teased.
Canon-compliant minor character death
“You didn’t offend, Mr. Winchester.” A thick pause stretched between them, one Castiel found himself longing to break, but couldn’t bear to do it.
Castiel sent his agreement before pulling up the Uber app and ordering a car. He spent ten minutes desperately cleaning any important bits before pulling the blue shorts back on and dressing in the outfit he’d worn to go out with his friends earlier. He barely remembered to send off a quick text with a screenshot of Dean’s profile to Charlie before hopping in the car and heading off to his destination.
“Okay, okay, dropping it. Message received! We still on for drinks this weekend?”
, Dean. By the most powerful alpha in the entire country, and I have no idea how you ended up in his sights, but you have no idea how much danger we are in right now and that is unacceptable to me.”
Dean left the garage at the end of the day with a sigh of relief. He loved his job, but every day that he went undetected was another day he could count as a success. Most customers (even alphas and omegas, whose senses of smell were much more acute than the beta population majority) dismissed the strong, clinical odor of blockers in the main office as a precaution. A place of business where customers paid for a service should be neutral ground. It made perfect sense to not let tempers or secondary genders become an issue in matters of cost. Plus, the customers themselves brought their own worry and anxiety with them which could become overwhelming after a while. So, none of Singer’s patrons were suspicious of the practice.
, Dean thought, standing and ripping the test out of its package.
“Marv Armstrong” was a mousy, scruffy alpha with inkstains on the fingers of the hand he waved to the crowd.
Dean had thought he was dying. It was more pain than he’d ever experienced in his life. It didn’t make any sense, either. He had always been pretty, and kind of small, but all Winchester boys grew out of that. They were alphas, and filled out with broad muscle. Dean may have gained some muscle over the years, but he stayed pretty. That first heat was the worst, but not the last, and as he slicked all over the bed and stroked himself until he came so often he stripped his skin raw, something inside him knew he was broken.
“Right, yeah, okay. So Gilda gave him Charlie’s number to see if he wanted in, y’know, on the rallies and stuff this fall? And they were supposed to meet up at Benny’s diner, and then there was a raid, and Benny’s wife’s an omega who suppresses and blocks . . .”
Cas was less gregarious, and the quiet suited him. He and Dean bonded early in the semester over Cas’s sizeable collection of video games and the large screen television Cas had brought from home. They ate together in the dining halls when their schedules lined up, and their circles of friends intersected in several places, so more often than not everyone just hung out in a large group (usually in Kevin Tran’s mom’s basement). Even after an entire semester of living in each other’s pockets, Dean and Cas were considered basically inseparable by those who knew them well.
“I’m, um, Castiel. Novak. I’m conducting a project for my thesis in Omega Studies. It’s an interview, just some simple questions to find out more about you and let you tell your story.”
“Yeah, Cas, I heard you the first time.”
Suddenly, his project didn’t seem like enough. It was too small, too personal . . . he wanted to do something big.
It had also been two weeks since he’d seen the beautiful green-eyed omega on the quad. Castiel hadn’t gotten the chance to venture back to that particular bench, but whenever he thought about possibly running into the omega again his mouth went dry. The suppressants in Cas’s system kept him from being able to process pheromones properly, and the omega had been covered in the official Vinehall blockers, so Cas had no idea how he smelled. But his eyes had been such a lovely, soft green, and he’d been simply
“It was the middle of nowhere, small town, everybody kept to themselves. Had a couple of regulars that knew, but they kept it a secret. Only sometimes, strangers would pass through. I was on suppressants, used blockers, beta scented shampoo and soap. We thought I was safe.”
“Look, I know you rich alpha types are gonna push ‘til you get what you want, but let me tell you now: leave the breeder outside or get lost.”
“Fuck, Cas, gonna give me a complex,” Dean said, sliding down Castiel’s body to step out of his pants. He reached to take off his briefs, too, but Castiel stopped him.
Dean’s eyes swim back into focus, looking down through the low light to where Cas is look up at him, gaze soft.
“I think . . . I’m not sure,” he said.
That makes Dean look up. “Running?” he manages. Cas tilts his head.
“You can, and you will. It ain’t gonna kill me, sweetheart.”
“You were there,” he demanded. “Why didn’t you do anything?”
Now, though, Dean’s feeling kind of raw, rib cage busted open. The minute Cas had walked down those stairs earlier, Dean had run to pull him into a crushing hug. Sam had cleared his throat, and he and Mary made themselves scarce as Dean pulled back awkwardly, patting Cas’s arm. Cas had kissed him, then, before seeing the remains of the Winchester Family Dinner.
“Perfect! Thank you! Thank you so much!”
The cashier ignored him, processing the transaction, then smiling at them brilliantly. “I hope you and your friends visit us again soon, sir!” she said, inclining her head toward Dean almost in a bow. Dean nodded back at her awkwardly.
Angrily, he blinks the tears away before they can fall, slams the notebook shut and searches for a place to hide it, somewhere Sammy, or Jack, or Cas—
“There is clearly something magical endangering the kingdom and it is my duty to seek it out and destroy it.”
Dean jumped at the voice. He hadn’t scented anyone approaching, but there was a man leaning up against the doorway, staring at him. He was short, with shaggy brown hair even longer than Sam’s. And a beta, too, now that he was close enough for Dean to scent him, which explained how he was able to sneak up on Dean.
. He had to get to it, had to . . .
“He’s going to realize the same thing I did. Just stay with him until he does.”
“Um, thanks, Cas,” he fumbled, pushing the alpha away.
“I understand your upbringing was . . . unconventional, Castiel. However, you need to understand that you are likely to not receive a single interview subject in your entire time there. I want to know that you are amenable to coming back and choosing a new topic if this falls through.”
Cas had immediately launched into mr.-fix-it mode, which was cute, but also Dean’s head kind of hurt, and he really wanted to cuddle with his husband.
He pushes Dean back gently, then steps away. Dean’s breath quickens as Castiel moves his hands to his boxers. He doesn’t tease, can’t bring himself to draw it out. He pushes his boxers down, slides them down his legs, then steps out of them and drops them with his jeans.
“Jesus,” hisses Dean, though a tiny part of him puffs up at his alpha’s virility. “Probably should’ve used a condom, too.”
“Naomi called.”
You're all amazing! If I don't reply to your comment, the default answer is, "Thank you!" I'm so excited to share this chapter with you!
Cas threw a pillow at him, which Gabriel caught.
“Can’t see for shit,” Dean muttered, patting his pockets for his phone. He turned on the flashlight app, then swore again. “Phone’s gonna die,” he explained, glancing around for anything else they could use. His gaze fell on the small advent wreath at the front of the altar. “Bingo!” he said, grabbing his lighter from his back pocket and placing the wreath between himself and Cas on the floor.
Dean closes his eyes. “Yeah?” he grunts, expecting some kind of lecture about his stupid choices and their consequences. He’s surprised when Cas doesn’t reply, braces himself as he waits for the hammer to fall.
Cas reveled in the familiar, clear worn leather scent that was emanating from Dean, discernible for the first time in a month from the acrid smell of grief. Dean’s nose twitched, too, and Cas knew his own scent was clearing a bit to reflect it. Cas smiled.
hear you!”
“Dean . . .” breathed Cas again, then suddenly he pushed Dean away and jerked back. “Dean! Oh god . . . Dammit, I’m so sorry, I—I can’t even begin to—I’m so sorry, let me take you home! I can give you something more suitable to wear . . . what was I thinking . . .”
“It’s going to be okay,” Cas replied, nuzzling Dean’s neck to calm his mate, though a slight tendril of apprehension bled through Cas’s crisp coffee bean scent. “I’m here, my sweet omega. No matter what.”
Dean carefully extracts a narrow volume from between two other books and sets it carefully on the table next to the Book of the Damned. Castiel leans closer, squinting at the title.
Cas was still crowding him against the door as Dean fumbled with the knob in his sweaty palms. And he smelled so fucking
His dad meant something completely different: a wife and kids and a white picket fence. The secret bunker and Nephilim kid and angel . . .
They were on each other before the hotel room door even closed. Dean pressed Castiel up against it, clicking it shut, with firm pressure, but without violence. Castiel shuddered as Dean’s body pressed slowly, firmly into his own from hips to shoulders. Dean’s mouth hovered an inch above his own, their rapidly accelerating breath mingling together. Castiel’s gaze flickered between Dean’s eyes—green, they were impossibly green—and his wet, plush bottom lip as Dean reached down and wrapped his hands around Castiel’s wrists. Slowly, very slowly, Dean dragged Castiel’s wrists up the door until they were pinned over his head. Castiel’s breathing quickened, his chest rising and falling against Dean’s, air thickening around them.
“Um . . . okay, so, I don’t want to come across as paranoid, but can we maybe meet and talk? You’re staying on Vinehall property, and they’ve got, like, mad surveillance skills, so . . .”
Dean leaned over to the bedside table and pulled out a strip of condoms and a quarter-full bottle of lube. He made a series of reverent noises as he eased Castiel’s shorts over the swell of his ass. Castiel groaned as Dean pulled his cheeks apart and exposed his tight hole to the air. The head of his cock was caught in the fabric of the front of his shorts, and with every move the satin pulled tight over it making him moan. The pop of a cap made Castiel shudder.
think I can trust you. Things are not peachy keen for omegas here in the land of Oz.”
Sam had to go soon after that, but Dean closed the laptop feeling lighter than he had in a long time. He was able to focus on his homework, and, exhausted by the trying day, went to sleep early. There was still a vice in his guts, but he managed to breathe through it and fall into a fitful sleep.
“Dean?”
“I’m almost done,” Dean said instead. “Gotta finish this before we head to the doc in the morning.”
? For the love of . . .” Dean takes a deep breath, but plows on before Cas can interrupt him again. “There is something I have to do, Cas, and I’m doing it alone. This isn’t something . . . I just have to, okay? Can you trust me, for once?”
“I’m conducting interviews,” blue-eyes replied. “Please, consider—”
“Yeah, and I want Christmas off this year, but that ain’t happening, either. Leave the bitch or you don’t get in at all.”
Dean took the bag and tore it open. It was a small tube full of gel. Lube? Fuck, he was practically a walking lube
“All righty-o!” Gabriel announces merrily. “The game is Texas Hold ‘Em. You lose articles of clothing for losing
The side door creaked, and Dean jumped, but even in the dim he recognized the shape of his best friend. He grinned as Cas loped up to the altar.
voice. It’s a nuance, yes, but an important one. But that is beside the point. I cannot use any of the research I have gathered for any additional purposes.”
Castiel shifts deeper into the bed, barely registering a deep sigh from whoever is trying to wake him. For a moment, it seems like he’s going to be left alone, but then a firm, warm body slides into the bedroll next to him. His heart starts to beat faster as the person behind him—Dean, his brain acknowledges slowly—wiggles into the small space and presses up against his back. He feels Dean’s back against his own before he falls back into a light sleep.
In the end the answer was
“Okay, Cassie,” Gabriel said, and Cas was surprised at the lack of fight. “I’m gonna get you some water, okay? I’ll be right back.”
“Both. Neither. God, you’re infuriating!”
Cas was still sleeping peacefully as Dean passed their bed. If the test was negative, Dean already decided he wouldn’t say anything. It was still too early, and Dr. Banes would be more accurate, anyway. This was just . . . to soothe that nagging voice in the back of Dean’s head.
When Dean and Sam showed up penniless and covered from head to toe in the dirt and grime of long travel and poverty on the steps of the Society of Letters bunker six years ago, the last thing they’d expected was to be greeted by the Archmage himself. Cas—
,” Cas moaned, rubbing his hands up and down Dean’s flanks. “Yes,” he hissed as the head of his cock caught on Dean’s puffy rim. “Gonna fill you up.”
Dean glanced at Cas, who was looking at Dean out of the corner of his eye. It was true; they’d been cautious during his last few heats, not wanting to do anything that might disrupt the procedure. Dean smiled shyly, then winked at Cas, who blushed. Cas’s scent bloomed slightly with arousal, which made Dean squirm on the damned crinkly sheet. Dr. Banes rolled her eyes.
“I’m sorry,” Cas said as he pulled back. Dean cradled Cas’s face in his hand.
something. He spars with Sam in one of the courtyards, teasing his little brother about how soft and slow he’s gotten, which is satisfying until Sam sweeps Dean’s feet out from under him and spends the next hour gloating.
“Yeah,” he says, though Castiel doesn’t quiet believe him. “Yeah, it helped. Five hells, Cas, you can’t push yourself like that, especially not with what we have to face tomorrow.”
“I’m going to take a shower,” Dean said, swallowed a large gulp of beer, then took both the envelope and the bottle with him.
“I understand that you had to pass a background check to even set foot on campus, but if we’re spending so much time with you, I need to know some things, Castiel.”
Another message appeared, this time of a thick, erect penis, a hand wrapped around his base. The camera angle wasn’t great, but based on the size of the man’s hand, he was averagely endowed and unremarkable. Castiel frowned. A dick pic wasn’t entirely unexpected, but suddenly the absurdity of the entire situation hit him all at once.
“Okay, seriously, we gotta see it,” Charlie said, holding a hand out for Castiel’s phone.
“Wow,” Cas manages, finally. Dean laughs.
Inside was a gorgeous gold watch. The face was delicate, almost feminine, done in a popular omega style, marked with “Cartier” in black lettering. Dean blinked a few times. The watch was probably worth what Dean had made in an entire year at the garage, maybe more.
Something shifts deep inside Dean’s chest, and he smiles softly back.
“Think it’s showtime, babe,” he’d said, before Cas rushed to their room and grabbed their prepared hospital bags and then ushered Dean out to the car.
Cas’s deep blue eyes were full of pain when he finally looked at Dean. It took his breath away. “I thought I was trying to make up for it. I think I was wrong.”
Dean left, then, taking the scent with him and leaving Cas in a whirlwind of thoughts in his wake.
Kevin was suspiciously quiet. “Dude, you gotta be careful,” he said seriously.
Okay, daydreaming about him wasn’t going to help. Still, Castiel ventured here to the bench where they’d first met to indulge in the little flashes of memory, including that one tantalizing hint of honey and leather he’d thought had drifted on the air after Dean fled their failed interview.
Castiel drags the zipper down slowly, the teeth releasing his rapidly filling cock. He tries to surreptitiously press the heel of his hand against it, but when he does Dean’s eyes flash up to meet Castiel’s, and Castiel knows he’s been caught.
Now, Cas watched as the men on the screen progressed through their foreplay. One was clearly uncut, his dick large and heavy between his legs as the larger, darker-haired one sank to his knees before him. Attuned to any noise coming from the bed next to him, Cas heard the flick of a cap open under Dean’s covers. He suppressed a shiver imagining what Dean’s slick fingers might be doing now. Cas’s cock started to plump up as the blond man onscreen moaned and the soft sound of a sticky squelch drifted over from Dean’s side of the room. Cas had to breathe slow to keep the blood from rushing in his ears. He strained for noises from across the room, keeping his eyes fixed on the screen.
“Well, fuck,” Gabe says.
Though the dream alpha had intensely blue eyes, just like . . .
“Dean,” Cas whispered, leaning in slowly, keeping eye contact, and Dean held his breath, closed his eyes, waited for their lips to connect . . .
“Whoa! You’ve got, like, fifty messages in here! Have you checked these?”
to think how that is relevant.”
“Sorry,” Dean chokes. Cas’s mouth is warm and soft against Dean’s throat, trailing feather-light kisses up toward his ear. Dean’s eyelids flutter, but he forces them closed.
He knocked on the office door five minutes early, and was greeted with silence. Dean checked his watch, waited another minute or two, then knocked again.
here. This is incredibly inappropriate, and—shit, we don’t even have a chaperone, and—”
“Oh, you know, creepy as fuck, intimidating as hell. And I have to go to the social, apparently.”
The Campbell Estate was set back several dozen yards from the road, the long drive lined with brightly twinkling lanterns and lush holly wreaths. Castiel watched it all pass by idly, while Gabriel stomped along beside him, kicking up clouds of snow and singing a carol, unrecognizable off-key.
said something about a date.”
“Dude, spit it out!”
Dean nodded, looking down at the ground. He was shivering, Castiel noticed for the first time, pulling his jacket around himself. “You’re cold.”
Cas hums thoughtfully. “Maybe,” he says.
“Okay. I’ll, uh, see you back in our room, then.”
? Just ‘cause you’ve been tramping all over the country—”
Dean made himself busy with something in the kitchen while Castiel stood in the center of the room. Something was clearly bothering him, but Castiel had known Dean since he was a teenager and knew that if he was going to share, it would be in his own time.
Dean parked the Impala in the driveway with a small squeak of the suspension. He frowned and made a mental note to check her out while he was off this weekend. After all, it was only a matter of time . . .
“No, absolutely not. I can’t. I’m busy with my project, which is behind as it is, and I’m living on
That in and of itself is distracting, as Castiel smiles in triumph over his winning hand, sweeping the cards together into a pile. But, then, Dean is smirking and standing behind the table. He continues to stare at Castiel, but he reaches down with both hands and slowly grasps the hem of his shirt. He makes sure Castiel is watching before slightly raising the hem to reveal the tiniest strip of smooth skin underneath. Castiel is mesmerized; he couldn’t look away if he wanted to while Dean ever-so-slowly raises both hands, revealing inch by inch of tan, muscular abdominals dotted with freckles. He crosses his arms over each other, pulls it up a bit more showing off a pair of perky, rosy nipples and tight pectorals before taking the shirt up and over his head and tossing it aside. Castiel shifts uncomfortably, his hole getting suddenly, instantly slick by virtue of his age. He manages to clench and get it under control, but not before he sees Dean’s grin widen even more. Castiel glares, pushing the cards to Dean.
He was stopped by Dean’s hand on his wrist, pulling him around. Dean’s green eyes were sparkling. “I love you,” he said. Cas smiled.
Castiel’s head is swimming. “Would one of you mind filling me in on what is happening? Dean?”
Cas smiled encouragingly. “It’s okay, Dean. Just ignore the recording device. You don’t have to share anything you don’t want to.”
all of this is—”
“I heard you!” Cas blurted out, tearing the Santa hat off his head. Dean raised an eyebrow. “I, uh, the other night. I heard you . . . you said my name.”
“Hello, Dean. How is Jack?”
“What does it mean?” Castiel asks. Dean laughs.
The caviar appetizer shows up, so then at least there’s food, but when Dean gestures to Castiel to dig in, he shakes his head politely.
When he’d been human, Dean had expected . . . well, he hadn’t expected much of anything. Maybe more of the same scent, or Jimmy’s, but human Cas had been something else entirely. Cinnamon and vanilla, warm and spicy, and (much to Dean’s chagrin) entirely intoxicating. When Gadreel had told him to evict Cas from the bunker, it had been an almost shameful relief to have Cas go. By the time Dean went to see him in Idaho, he’d been prepared. It had still hurt when he sent Cas off to go on a date with his beta boss, but that was the kind of pain Dean was used to enduring.
,” Cas seethes, stepping into the room, “
He doesn’t have enough experience to really know, but he’s pretty sure it’s a terrible kiss. The lead weight in his stomach makes sure of that. But Dean is hot and insistent, pulling back to trail his mouth along Castiel’s jaw, nosing at the junction beneath his ear.
“So, you’re not coming here?”
“I—I can’t . . . Dean . . .”
And so Dean’s heart was in his throat as Hannah drove off, leaving Dean alone with Castiel. Of course, they weren’t any more alone than they’d been those times they’d met at the bench on the quad, but for some reason this felt different. Maybe because they were off campus, where Dean wasn’t some omega in training to become an alpha’s plaything. Maybe because, Dean suddenly realized, he’d felt more like himself today than he had in months.
His feet almost moved of their own accord. The closer he got to the hallway where Dean was ensconced, the more difficult it became to think clearly. Charlie and Gabriel had done their best to spray the neutralizer down the hall every time they went by to deliver food and water, but Dean’s pheromones were leaking from the cracks around the locked door.
“No, he isn’t, because our beloved Cassie is a bloody prude,” Balthazar snapped.
The minute he sank the dildo back inside himself, the burning in his channel was instantly quenched. He moaned in relief.
The room was carefully scent-neutral, which Dean appreciated, since he seemed to have stolen his sense of smell from a bloodhound something in the night. He could pick up on every nuance, even in what might have been months-old heat scents from other omegas in the fabric and in the carpets. Someone recent smelled like strawberries, and Dean breathed it in, relishing the sweet, light scent.
Everyone else in attendance gave him a wide berth, moving around him both as though he were invisible and untouchable. This was his life now.
Sam laughed again. God, it was good to hear him laugh. “Okay, jerk.”
“Um, yeah,” Dean replied. She quirked an eyebrow. “
“Yes,” Castiel replied, and Dean, just as suddenly as he’d appeared, left into the growing dark. Castiel collapsed into his chair, scrubbing his face with his hands.
“Yeah, I know, it’s crazy! They let her go yesterday, dropped all charges. Benny and Andrea are still locked up, but apparently some big omega rights lawyer is coming in to defend them.”
“Ah, the man of the hour!” the small redhead said in a lilting Scottish accent. She offered him her hand, and it only took a small amount of awkward shifting before he could shake it. “Rowena MacLeod.”
“Why?”
Castiel watched out of the corner of his eye as Hannah clearly just barely managed to avoid making a disdainful noise; as it was, her eyebrows crooked a few centimeters upward. Luckily, Adler was beckoning them into his office and he didn’t catch it. Castiel turned toward her while Adler’s back was to them and gave her a meaningful squint. Hannah raised her hands slightly in acquiescence.
Dean threw back his head and laughed, his arm slung around the back of Cas’s chair. “Guess they never did figure out how to get it out completely,” he said.
“Because I can tell you right now, buddy, that just ‘cause you’re an alpha doesn’t mean you can assume shit about me.”
“What if I want it to?” Cas replied. Dean’s head shot up to make eye contact with Cas, antler headband falling off onto the floor.
For a long time Castiel lay in the dark listening to Dean breathing, mind racing and staving off sleep. Whatever was going on here was enough to rattle Castiel’s carefully built foundations to the core.
“What story would you like to share?”
“Hey, Charlie,” Dean said. Her eyes were nearly falling out of her head. “I, uh . . . I’m here for the . . . the thing.”
“Fuck.”
“Shut up, Charles.”
“Not gonna last,” Cas hisses. “Fuck, I’m not—not gonna—”
Cas hasn’t visited yet.
“It wasn’t for lack of trying,” Cas muttered a little bitterly. Dean rubbed his new husband’s shoulder reassuringly. Those last few months of living with Zachariah before he finished high school had been pretty rough on Cas. After they had their first kiss in Dean’s kitchen the morning after the advent wreath debacle, Dean had done his best to make sure Cas spent as much time at Dean’s house as possible. His parents had welcomed him with open arms, of course, since they’d been friends forever, even if Dean had been nervous to introduce Cas as his boyfriend at Christmas that year.
“No. No, take it from someone who . . . whose entire existence has been defined by being less . . . You’re a rare alpha, Cas Novak.”
“Visitors after hours are against the rules, Sam, as is wandering out of bed after curfew,” Castiel says, moving closer. Dean shifts closer to the table with the open bag, while Sam turns to face Castiel fully, putting himself between Castiel and his brother.
“Okay, Dean, we’re going to begin recording. I’m going to ask you a series of questions and you can answer how you see fit. Please just remember this is about you; these questions are a guide. Let the narrative go where it takes you. Are you ready?”
“I need your assistance in the lab, Cas. Quickly,” she added. Cas nodded, turning slightly toward Dean.
“Then I will sit down with my gorgeous, intelligent, talented mate and discuss what we do next,” Castiel murmured pragmatically into Dean’s ear. Dean tugged Cas’s arms more tightly around himself, slipping his fingers into the gaps between those pressed against his chest.
Dean snaps his mouth closed and turns away from Castiel. “Bobby.”
Castiel nodded, then said, “Good. I’m glad to hear that.”
“Call an ambulance!”
“You must be Castiel Novak,” said the older alpha. He extended a ruddy hand. “I’m Zachariah Adler, President of Vinehall School.”
Sorry it took so long again! No excuses, just real life. Thank you so much if you are still with me, or just joining! Things should go back to normal now with shorter breaks between chapters.
Two unfamiliar omegas were sitting in the chairs: an Asian-American male with untidy hair and baggy pants, and a lovely, prim, freckled brunette. Garth was in his spot on the couch.
Dean nodded, and Cas set his notebook aside. Cas reached for Dean, tentative at first, placing a careful hand on Dean’s waist and grasping Dean’s hand with the other. Dean’s tux was good quality, made of thick wool, but Cas’s hand was warm, like a brand searing his skin through the layers of fabric. His skin tingled where their hands met, and his breath flew out of him in a rush when Cas pulled them closer together.
“Wait, he’s
chipper receptionist, Marcy. She beamed at them.
“Charlie, understand that I . . . am sympathetic to your cause . . .”
“Of—of course. Is there a name for the reservation?”
“Shit,” Dean muttered under his breath. Kevin raised an eyebrow.
“Yeah, man, your go-bag for heats? With clothes and supplies and that sort of stuff?”
Dean’s desperate, too, if his hands splayed strong against the small of Castiel’s back are anything to go by.
,” Cas practically growls. “I’m not going.”
“I know,” Winchester replied, and Castiel’s reaction must have shown on his face, because he laughed sheepishly. “I’ve seen you with your siblings. Out of the window? You waved to me once.”
,” Sam retorts.
“If you tell me to run, I run,” Cas agrees. “But you run with me.”
Dean rose and cautiously walked into the office. Adler’s scent was overwhelming, but Dean had dealt with worse. The few times during his youth that he’d forgotten to take his suppressants exactly on time and had to deal with sweaty, older alphas crowding him against the walls in public restrooms and telling him how delicious he smelled came to mind.
“Dean, all of those years ago, what if what I wanted . . . what I thought you didn’t . . . I thought, maybe . . . but then you said no, and I went back to Heaven . . .”
and . . .
The walk home felt twice as long.
“Yes,” Cas answers.
“Hello?” he asked.
“Okay. I was distracted as fuck, though, so who the hell knows?”
“Absent, mostly. I was sent . . .” he trailed off, eyeing her suspiciously. “I think we’re veering off course, Gilda. This is about you, after all.”
“Aw, come on, Ellen, don’t be like that. You know I gotta—”
“Shows what you know. Suppressants, especially the strong stuff? Takes
Dean’s face is grim. “Pretty fuckin’ certain, Cas.”
The last word was clear and ended on a hiss. Cas swallowed around the lump in his throat, unable to move a muscle. What the fuck was going on? Dean had been quiet; if Cas hadn’t happened to wake up, there was no way he would’ve heard Dean. So why the hell was his best friend jerking off in the dark while calling Cas’s name?
“How . . . wh—how did you . . .?”
“None,” he breathes. “You saved me, Cas.”
“Okay, Dean, if you want. Let me go get Charlie—”
According to a chipper healer named Charlie (who spends an entire afternoon lamenting the sexist nature of the all-male Society of Letters and sneaks Dean slices of pie), Cas made it back to Lebanon on foot, though he was badly shaken and had serious injuries that needed tending. Apparently, he wouldn’t tell anyone anything that happened, but instead has been holed up in his study alone.
on him.
Castiel felt eyes on him the entire way across campus to the Alumni Building. He longed to text either Balthazar or Charlie about this, but there was no way he would be able to get his phone out without arousing suspicion (and probably inviting a scathing lecture from Naomi later about rudeness). He half-listened to Naomi go on about the botanical designs on the quad, and the various periods of architectural design, and where the university was planning to expand in their five-year plan. Donna and Sam seemed genuinely interested, following along and reacting in all the right places. Rowena was walking silently along beside him, but the presence behind him was all Castiel could focus on as they walked. The last time he’d felt those eyes on his back . . .
It doesn’t take long after that to divest each other of their tunics, and then there’s leagues of bare skin to explore with mouths and hands. Castiel presses Dean back into the mattress, running his hands over his skin as he laps at a quickly-budding nipple. Dean gasps, so Castiel does it again.
Dean throws his head back and groans. “Fuck, Cas,” he breathes, reaching out to bring Castiel closer. “Oh, you feel good.”
They didn’t seem convinced, but blessedly no more was said on the subject. “Have a good night, Castiel,” Hannah said as they turned to walk toward their apartment.
Dean left his room in a hurry. “Whoa, whoa, man, slow the hell down. What do you mean, they arrested Charlie?”
Dean’s heart dropped, but he continued to not say anything. He took deep breaths, trying to control his scent, but Crowley’s nostrils flared, clearly catching a hint of Dean’s distress. “You are here under extraordinary circumstances, Mr. Winchester. I’m sure you are every bit the imbecile you appear to be, but take my advice. Do. Not. Continue. I’m not sure if you understand precisely the predicament you find yourself in, but know this: the consequences are far more dire than you can even imagine. If you think that you’ve suffered before now, you are deluded. Zachariah Adler and Michael Milton are no angels; they will leave you in pieces if necessary.”
“Yes,” Castiel replies, tilting his head like he does when he’s confused. “Was it supposed to do something else?”
“Fallstown,” Dean says. “Got a contact I need to see.”
“What do you know?” Castiel asks.
“Cas, I—” he began. Cas shook his head.
“Y’know, I didn’t know any better, I’d think you just wanted to have an excuse to jack off in the middle of a work day,” Dean teased. Cas rolled his eyes, but gave Dean a peck on the cheek before following a nurse toward his own room. “Oh, yeah, baby, that’s what I’m talkin’ about!”
“Yup, that’s my Baby. She’s been with me a long time.”
“Here he is now,” Naomi said, gesturing to Castiel. The four strangers turned to look at him and Castiel attempted a smile.
“Yeah,” Dean choked out, eyes watering. He shook his head slightly and cleared his throat again. “Man, sorry. Don’t know what’s going on there.”
Dean laughed, and as Castiel climbed into bed next to him, he shifted over a bit, just enough that it seemed like an invitation. Castiel turned off the lamp and scooted over to rest his head on Dean’s chest.
“I’m, uh . . . I’m fine,” Cas said. “And . . . family, yes, I don’t have much. Just . . . I have a brother, Gabriel, he’s actually in New York. We’re going to get together soon, I think. Have lunch.”
Dean wasn’t sure what to say to that, but Milton continued.
“Stull Valley.”
“Yes, well, to be honest I thought that it was best I not remain while you all tended to the manual labor, but then I realized . . .” She sighs deeply. “I realized that I wasn’t as well as I thought. I can’t . . . he was . . .”
Things were changing, Castiel thought as he checked out with his haul, but not nearly fast enough.
“Sam—” he begins instead, but it comes out broken and then suddenly he’s wrapped in a fierce hug, Sam’s arms tight around him.
Dean manages to control the wave of regret that washes over him, but just barely. When he’d run into his ex at the supermarket a week ago it had been far more painful than he would have expected. Part of that was probably the bite on her neck and the prominent bump she was sporting, honestly, but Dean didn’t want to think about what that might mean. He hasn’t dated an alpha in a long time, and he certainly isn’t going to start now.
Dean strokes Cas’s arm where it lays across his chest.
“Hey,” Dean said, squeezing Castiel’s hand gently. “This won’t go anywhere you don’t want it to.”
—you’re stronger—
Cas’s lips were chapped, dry and thick, but his mouth was warm and inviting as he placed several light pecks to the pout of Dean’s lips before capturing them in a deep kiss. Dean’s breath caught, his arms wrapped around Cas’s neck, body flush against the alpha’s as they moved together. Dean flicked his tongue against Cas’s bottom lip, then captured the resulting moan as he was invited inside.
“Listen, this whole thing is completely voluntary,” Gabriel says, steamrolling past Dean’s silence. “You’ve gotta make the choice to go in there.”
“You’ll have to convince him to let you go with him,” Sam says while Castiel tightens his boots.
“Flavored?” Dean asked, mirth in his voice.
“I’m promised to an executive at Roman Industries,” said a particularly bold female omega while her friends stared at her, scandalized. “If you don’t think they can figure out a simple code and find out what I said, you’re an idiot.”
Dean crossed his arms over his chest. “Don’t objectify me.”
“Fine,” Castiel says, and then Gabriel is off like a shot, the sound of him bumping into walls and cursing wafting from down the hallway.
“Big brothers, huh? Yeah, I get it. I’m
“So you still come when I call, I guess.”
Castiel let out a whine, reaching to put his hands on the door. It was solid and cool beneath his palms; he wanted it to be Dean’s warm, yielding flesh.
“Cas—” Dean wheezed, grabbing hard onto Castiel’s wrist with his free hand.
Dean’s scent was still filling his nose, and Cas realized he was rubbing his hands across his face. The scent still lingered there from when Cas had held him, stroked the pulse point in his wrist, nuzzled it, leaving his own scent there . . .
“Whoa, whoa, whoa. Is this about your little beta friend whose charges I happened to get dropped over the phone today, you’re very welcome?”
“That makes it a little more difficult, but don’t worry. I’ll try to explain your absence to the school somehow. Just relax, kiddo. We’ve got you.”
Castiel considers him for a moment. “Is that what you believe of me?” he asks quietly.
“This is
Dean gasped. “Ohhh, you, too. Apple pie . . . bet you taste like apple pie . . .”
“Sorry, Castiel,” Sam says, though he sounds more harried than contrite. “I was just trying to get my brother to leave.”
Dean rose and moved toward the door, then paused. “Wait . . . do you . . . you said . . . my benefactor?” Crowley grunted. Dean swallowed hard. “Do you . . . do you know why I’m here?”
Somewhere on the floor an unfamiliar guitar riff sounded, startling Dean out of the moment. “Shit,” Dean muttered, hauling himself out of bed. He padded over to the jeans on the floor, silencing the ringtone on his phone before turning back to Castiel. Whatever had stretched between them earlier was gone as Dean rubbed the back of his head as he looked at Castiel awkwardly. Suddenly, the room was cold.
Dean sighs and scrubs his hands over his face. “I don’t know what you want me to say. You knew what you signed up for. I can’t tell you anything about this, Cas—”
The moments tick past in silence as Dean looks at the books Cas has open. “What’re you researching?” he asks idly.
Dean flinches, recalling how he used it. “Sorry about that.”
“Okay, Dean. Maybe tell me more about you? What do you like to do?”
Charlie let out a surprised sputter. “Michael
Castiel shook his head furiously. His room was upstairs, which meant he would have to pass too close to the hallway where Dean was. Dean, the beautiful omega with the addicting scent who was in heat, just a few doors away, and why was he sitting here again?
“Sam, where’s Cas?”
“My sister’s an omega,” Garth said, shaking Dean’s hand. “I think this is great.”
There’s a brief scuffle behind the door, then a moment of silence before it’s yanked open. Castiel cringes back a bit at the strong scent of
“Want you. Been dreamin’ about you. Smell so good, alpha. Think about you kissing me, touching me. Know I shouldn’t, but fuck, nobody’s ever smelled as good as you.”
But Castiel hasn’t lost a single article of clothing. Gabriel deals the next hand with a leer.
So the heat rooms, as it turned out, were like little luxury hotel rooms. There was a sizeable, comfortable bed covered with supple cotton sheets (easier to launder, Dean assumed) and numerous fluffy pillows. The floor was soft carpet, and there were a couple of squishy chairs. Dean lay down face first in what was, essentially, a nest, and moaned in appreciation. There was something to the stereotype that omegas in heat loved soft things.
“There isn’t anything wrong with you, you know,” they said. “If you don’t want to have casual sex, or any sex at all, that is none of Balthazar’s business.”
Cas laughed, kissing Dean slow and sweet. He pulled back with a grin and said, “Just don’t ask us to light the advent wreath.”
They’d barely started on its remodel, new flooring and a coat of paint, before the day Dean had woken him in the middle of the night in a panic. Cas looked around at it, chest tight, before he closed the door and went back to his mate.
He stared at her hard expression. “Hannah, you know that I don’t . . . We’re just colleagues, you and I . . .”
Castiel started as the office door in front of him opened and the last vestige of a conversation drifted out. Two middle-aged, balding alphas stepped through the door, laughing pompously and shaking hands. Their scents quickly filled the small office, overwhelming Castiel with the tangy smell of alpha aggression. It overpowered the background scent of violets that wafted throughout the campus on his way to the meeting. Castiel took more deep breaths to continue controlling his reaction. One of the alphas walked the other toward the outer office, chuckling and posturing as they went. Castiel resisted the urge to curl his fingers into his trousers as the taller of the two alphas bade farewell to his companion and then turned toward Cas. An oily grin crawled across his face, his hawk-like eyes gazing sharply down at Castiel past a pointed nose. Castiel drummed up as much of his own alpha instinct as he could as he was approached.
Cas reaches out to lay a hand on Dean’s arm. It’s warm and comforting, and Dean revels in it. “You are not a freak, Dean.”
Gabriel looked confused. “There isn’t one. Not as far as I know. Sometimes omegas are granted admission based on their talent, rather than their family, but anyone who says ‘scholarship’ is using a giant euphemism for ‘sponsorship,’ and those don’t come free. Why?”
Soon after, at some unspoken signal, Zachariah and the other board members stood and moved into the parlor next door to the formal dining room in the President’s suite. Abaddon and the other ranking alphas all excused themselves, collecting their omegas from the edges of the room. Dean hoped Michael would bid him good night and let Dean escape, but as he stood Michael swayed a bit on his feet.
Charlie’s happy to see them when they come in, though she blinks a few times too many to be natural when she looks at Dean. He wishes he knew what she was seeing, or scenting; she’s not the first person to react that way since he’s been back.
He shouldn’t postpone his next dose. Clearly, his suppressants were going to fail if he waited much longer.
“You’re not ‘fine,’” Hannah bit back. “You’ve been ill for days, and it’s getting worse. It’s the suppressants, isn’t it?”
“Dean,” he said, watching Dean’s shoulders stiffen. “We are going to use the stories collected to share at the omega rights rally in January. I’d like you to verbally acknowledge that you are consenting to have us share your story in public, with or without your presence on that day. Do you understand the situation and agree that we may use the information gathered here?”
“Fuck, baby,” Dean whispers, groaning as Castiel presses his fingertips into Dean’s knot. “F-fuck, lemme touch you,” he slurs, and Castiel barely nods before Dean reaches behind him and dips his fingers into the soaking cleft of his ass. Castiel moans, pressing back against him, urging Dean toward his gushing hole.
Hi, guys! Sorry for the lack of update last week. With the show back on I might have to switch update days, but I still want to do weekly if I can manage it! Thank you all so much for sticking with me!
He pulled up the Grindr app, and ignoring any messages, deleted the entire thing.
“Oh, shit!” Dean and Cas both scrambled to catch them, but in the process of untangling and climbing up from the floor, Dean’s foot caught the mostly-empty bottle of wine, spilling a dark stain onto the light green carpet.
For an omega from such a conservative background, Gilda was forthright and open. She redirected the conversation when it veered too closely to topics she clearly didn’t want to discuss, but she gave frank and honest answers. She started to blush, though, when Castiel brought up the subject of mating.
“Dick Roman” was immediately recognizable, even to Dean, from the numerous magazine covers chronicling his business success over the years.
“I’m gonna—gonna--! Dean—” Cas gasped, then groaned as thick ropes of come spurted out over his hand, onto his belly and boxers where he’d pulled them down. A drop or two landed on the door, behind which Dean was whimpering.
“Shh, Sammy, careful or
“Cas’s brother,” Dean said.
“I can heal it again, if you’d like,” Castiel says, reaching out for him. He licks his lips, remember how close they’d been that first night. Magic tingles on the tips of his fingers, eager to reach out for Dean.
“I know. Dean hasn’t been home on time for dinner since August. I’m glad the expansion is done and we can get back to normal.”
“Later!”
There’s a small crowd gathered outside Guidry’s, which isn’t unexpected for the day and time. It’s a high-end, Cajun-inspired, French-fusion restaurant that just happens to be run by Dean’s college buddy, Benny. He was skeptical, but game for the joke, when Dean had called him to let him know the plan for tonight.
Dean huffs a laugh. “He was kinda a douchebag, not gonna lie.”
Dean spent some of the time getting another report ready, but he had a hard time concentrating on the page. The butterflies that had nested in his stomach were fluttering up a storm. He pressed a hand against his belly to calm them, then slowly, hesitantly let his hand drift down to his lower abdomen before snatching his hand away like he’d been burned.
“Where’s the bedroom?” Dean clarified.
Castiel.”
“I—I—”
“My foot in your ass is what you can eat,” Ellen grumbles, rolling her eyes, but she does move back into the kitchen and comes back a minute later with two thick hunks of bread and a slab of cheese.
They manage to make it nearly to Lawrence by nightfall, traveling in silence much like before, but Dean finds himself drifting closer to Cas as they walk. He wants to be as close as he can. As Dean sets up his bedroll, Cas digs through his supplies from Ellen and Bobby to find his own, but comes up empty. He is considering transfiguring his cloak into a makeshift bedroll when Dean nudges him.
“Do you need your reading glasses, darling?”
Castiel frowned down at their hands. “Dean, what are we doing here?” Dean shook his head.
“Hey,” Dean said.
Jack smiles at him softly. “Maybe when he wakes up, you’ll know.”
“How were you able to decipher the codex?” Cas asks, straining to look over Bobby’s shoulder as he works.
“Wow, they’ve got you on something strong! Can’t catch a single whiff,” Gabriel said as he slid into a chair opposite Castiel’s. Cas frowned.
“It’s a containment spell,” Dean whispers. “Gotta . . . gotta use it on me. ‘S how we fix it.”
“I’m gonna turn in,” Dean calls behind him. It’s a dismissal, which Castiel usually heeds. Not tonight.
“Dean and Ca-as, sittin’ in a tree. K-I-S-S-I-N—”
Cas sat up on his elbows and considered Dean for a long moment. Finally, he said, “I suppose I could delay the inevitable.”
“What, seriously? Bobby, that was too easy.”
“No, it sounds like a textbook haunting. Figured it’d be an easy one.”
Dr. Banes smiled again. “You’re both healthy with good test results, so theoretically we could continue on with the rounds of IUI indefinitely. But, as you said, the trigger shots are hard on your body, and research has shown that after six rounds of IUI the effective rate of the procedure drops exponentially. Especially in male omegas over thirty-five. So, what I would recommend is that we do this one more time: start the ProMega today, then in five days come in for an ultrasound and hopefully do the trigger shot and then the procedure twenty-four hours later. Cas, I know you’re an old pro at this by now, but no ejaculating for three days before the procedure.”
“Your friend, Charlie, always speaks very highly of you,” Castiel says. Dean is so surprised he chokes on a bite of the appetizer and has to gulp down wine to recover.
They travel through more forest around the outskirts of Lawrence. As a fairly large city, it would be easy for travelers to blend in, but Castiel’s magic and appearance are more likely to be noticed. The valley they seek is another day’s travel north of the city. Dean knows his way through the woods easily enough, and it’s only dinner time when they stop again. This time, rather than finding a campsite, Dean leads them to a long-abandoned cabin nearly reclaimed by the trees. Castiel recognizes the magical signature surrounding it.
“But I do.”
“That didn’t go very well, did it?” said Garth cheerfully. Hannah turned to glare at Castiel.
“I am free for lunch on Friday.”
Dean tapped his pencil against his desk in a quick staccato. His economics homework was swimming across the page as his thoughts chased each other around in circles. It had been two weeks since his heat, but he still couldn’t shake the cold feeling that drenched him whenever he thought about what he’d said and done . . .
Castiel growled as something solid hit his chest, and suddenly all he could smell was cotton candy, too sweet, too airy, wrong, wrong,
Castiel looks up, and Dean is looking at him, gaze soft. “You don’t have to, you know,” he says kindly. And Castiel knows he means it, completely unpatronizing, but Castiel
a bunch of stuff first.”
“What?” he asks when Sam confronts him. “I’m terrible at poker.”
“Joining us, Michael?” Marv called from the parlor doorway.
“I could very easily stop you, Dean.”
Castiel pulled his phone out of his pocket and tried to get the Uber app up before Dean could catch up, but of course Dean was quicker.
“I don’t have a spare mat,” Dean says, handing Cas his portion of jerky. Cas settles in on the ground across from Dean before chewing thoughtfully.
Hannah said she could hardly scent him, either, though she had a weaker nose. The suppressants and blockers were doing their job.
“Hey,” Dean replies. Cas squints and tilts his head, sending a pang through Dean’s heart. “I’m here.” Cas smiles, small and secret. Dean can’t believe he didn’t realize how easily those come now.
“Blue raspberry.”
“I can manage,” Cas responds, surly. Dean rolls his eyes.
“Pretty omega,” Dean whispers, and Castiel shivers. “Can I hold you?”
Dean’s heart twisted at the word “promised.” “My, um . . . the alpha that I’m . . .
“I am
Dean rubs his hands along Baby’s steering wheel as he maneuvers her
Further warning: Michael touches Dean's hand and wrist without obtaining permission, and also scents Dean's neck without permission. Dean is extremely uncomfortable, violated and scared.
“Oh, Dean, I’m sorry.”
But Castiel worries.
It’s been a few years since Castiel has left the city, and he’s almost forgotten how closely the forest surrounds Lebanon. It’s quiet, an almost enchanted silence that presses in on all sides. Castiel desperately wants to cast a mage light so that they can see in the dark, but they’re still too close to the walls and Dean is already charging on ahead. Castiel rushes after him as quickly as possible, nearly tripping over his feet in the cumbersome armor.
Dean licks his lips, then, like he does so often when they’re this close, but he doesn’t answer.
(See the end of the chapter for
“That’s my line,” he says before diving back in to kiss him again.
It had been a long time since Dean and Cas had gotten properly drunk, so Dean could be forgiven for forgetting his friend’s frankly
But he couldn’t dodge the questions. When Kevin came in for his first interview session after the . . . incident, he’d leveled Cas with a glare, arms crossed over his chest.
“It was an honest mistake,” Castiel offered. Dean nodded at him.
Novak shook his head, seeming to understand. “No, Dean, I didn’t betray her. I’ve spoken with Gilda. My brother, Gabriel? He’s an omega rights attorney. He’ll be here tomorrow and work on getting her out. Charlie is going to be okay, Dean. Please calm down.”
Now, though, he’s learned to ignore her ribbing. And her taste.
“Damn,” he said, then immediately launched himself back to Cas’s lips, nibbling on the lower one, begging entrance with his tongue. Cas laid back and tried to respond in kind, following Dean’s lead. Dean climbed onto the bed and straddled Cas’s hips, his clothed cock slotting into Cas’s hip. Cas gasped at the solid length of him. Dean was big, probably larger than Cas, and Cas rocked his hips up against Dean, chasing the friction.
“She misrepresents.”
“I’ve been dealing with volatile, ancient magic my whole life,” Dean spits back, pushing Castiel away from him. “You don’t have a clue what I know and what I don’t.”
to make it stop. Now.”
It was an absolutely
He would have followed Castiel anywhere.
“The point, Kevin!”
The sun has fully set before either of them speak again. Dean’s so lost in thought it takes a minute for him to register what Cas asks.
“Cas, please . . .” he says, dropping soft kisses along Cas’s jaw. “I need you to fuck me.”
“I had a really good time,” Dean started, but Castiel cut him off, determined not to make this weird.
The bartender either had miraculous timing, or he’d been eavesdropping enough to know exactly when to step in, because it was at that point he placed two large glass mugs of rum-spiked egg nog in front of Castiel. With a grateful half-smile to the young man behind the counter, Castiel scooped up the drinks and smiled placidly at Bela. “Merry Christmas,” he said, then swooped away with an air of satisfaction.
Dean took a seat in a very cushy upholstered chair to wait. The giant, ugly clock on the wall showed that he was ten minutes early. That was good. He’d had to run from his etiquette class to get here and it would have been ironic if he’d been late.
Castiel dressed quickly in the sitting room, ordered his car, and then there was nothing left to do but leave. Dean was waiting in the bedroom door, wrapped in a fluffy fancy-hotel robe, looking oddly conflicted. Castiel waited with one hand on the doorknob, silence stretching between them.
The voice was one Castiel had only heard a handful of times, but he would never forget the scent. He froze in place as President Zachariah Adler stepped in through the open door. Gabriel went rigid next to him.
“Please, Red, ye of such
“Well, now that the pleasantries are out of the way, let us show you our campus!”
Cas’s limbs weighed him down as he sipped at the water. How much should he reveal to Gabriel? He couldn’t, wouldn’t, betray Dean’s confidences, as few as they were. Gabriel continued to stare. Cas spoke to his water glass.
“No, no, this is nothing of the kind,” Castiel warned. “This is a business transaction, this is my career, this is something we are not discussing beyond this conversation. In fact, this conversation never happened.”
“Thank you,” Castiel replied. “It means a lot to me, and your company’s investment is very important to the project’s survival.”
Castiel’s brow knitted together as he took Dean’s almost empty cup from his hand and placed it on a passing empty serving tray.
“Sarah,” Cas said, greeting the stunning omega once again. She smiled tightly at him, and Cas’s own smile faltered. The last time they’d met, she had been warning him away from Dean. He hadn’t managed to keep his distance very well since then, but he was trying now. Even if there was a voice in the back of his head begging him to rescue Dean from Michael . . .
“ . . . . was the sex good, at least?”
Balthazar simply shrugged, turning the phone back around. “You can’t lie to me, Castiel, I’ve seen your dildo collection.” Castiel blushed. “And besides, you want to make sure anyone who messages you isn’t looking to rail you into next Tuesday. I know how long it’s been.”
“Good?” Dean asked.
Castiel found himself immediately replying.
Classes passed quickly, though Dean was completely floored by the subjects he was studying. There were practical things like Home Finances and Economics, but also Etiquette and Protocol. It was slowly starting to settle that he would be expected to fit into a world he’d never imagined himself part of before. Once he graduated, he would belong to someone who lived this life.
“It hurt,” he murmurs into the dark.
“You look wonderful here, Dean. This suits you. Far better than the dusty hellhole I pulled you from. Looking at you now . . . no one could possibly imagine you as a grease monkey, up to your elbows in car parts. Even your hands are softening now.”
“I have no idea, I just know one minute he’s meeting up with Charlie, who’s really good at covering her tracks, and the next she’s in jail.”
Dean moaned, pressing his face into the bed, searching out that spot within him that would make this—
“Good. Now, we have the winter social to discuss. Tradition states that all unmated omegas must attend the social events in the fall and spring. This normally does not include promised students, but I have received a special request from your alpha that you attend. He will send your attire to your room, and you are to make an appearance.”
“Yes, I’m sure. My estranged brother is only here to help.”
“Sorry,” Dean says, smiling where his alpha can’t see it. Cas turns his head to glare weakly at Dean before turning contrite.
“I liked that one,” Cas said, blushing in the dark. He could hardly remember any of it, if he was honest.
Castiel considered that for a moment. “That . . . that could work,” he admitted. “But, I’m not sure if I can do the interviews. We’d have to have a space, and time set aside, and my time is running out here anyway—”
“Look, I’m the first one to say that I can’t get close to people. Fuck, nobody here actually knows a damn thing about me except—But no, I ain’t leavin’ until you tell me what the hell is going on.”
Dean looks sharply at Castiel, then rushes to close his bag. Castiel wishes he wasn’t so affected by those startlingly green eyes. “Sorry, Cas, but I need—”
