John's heart sank a little but he stood up a bit and brushed away the hair that was sticking to Sherlock's forehead before placing a small kiss there. "I'll be here.... I...I'll always be here Sherlock." He said resting his head back down again giving Sherlock's hand a squeeze.
“I know, I’m sorry Sherlock. I shouldn’t have done that. I had no right. Now I’ve ruined your plans for th-” John was cut off by the detective’s lips pressing to his own and he couldn’t bring himself to care about what the end of his sentence was supposed to be. John brough his hands up to tangle in the taller man’s dark curls, an action he had imagined doing countless times but never believed he would be able to make a reality. Sherlock’s hands went to John’s hips and slid up to the small of his back where he used the leverage to pull John closer until they were pressed together and John could feel Sherlock’s still present arousal against his hip.
John turned to leave but Sherlock grabbed his hand and pulled him back towards him and led him down the hall and into the abandoned auditorium, Sherlock turned back to him and grabbed the blonde’s face between his hands. The next thing John knew, his lips were pressed to the softest lips he had ever felt and his hands were around Sherlock’s small waist, holding him close.
“It is possible to have bad days regardless of popularity,” John smirked. “And as for the secret admirer fiasco, I had no idea about any of that until I walked into school today. I really wish Mike hadn’t done that.”
John spun the detective away from the door and walked him backwards until his knees hit the bed and Sherlock fell effortlessly onto the plush mattress. Sherlock rushed to place himself fully on the bed and John followed quickly after him, straddling his hips and steadying himself with a hand on either side of the detective’s mess of curls. Sherlock took advantage of his now free hands and pulled John’s jumper up, John got the memo and quickly finished the John and removed his vest after it, baring his chest completely before returning his lips to his lover’s. Sherlock’s hands began to travel the muscular expanse of John’s back, arms, and chest, dedicating a room in his mind palace to the memorization of every inch of skin.
“Sherlock,” John choked out, looking up the the detective. He felt lost. This couldn’t really be happening right?
Sherlock brought a hand to each of John’s hips, holding them down to the bed as he continued teasing the doctor through the soft cotton. When Sherlock decided that the man below him was thoroughly debauched he eased his grip on the man’s hips and slid his thin fingers under the band of the red pants in front of him, swiftly pulling them down to join John’s trousers on the floor. Now able to see all of the man in front of him, Sherlock took a moment to appreciate the view, John’s hair was a wild mess on top of his head and sweat beaded at his face that was flush with arousal, the heavy rise and fall of his muscular chest as he breathed rapidly, the soft yet defined lines of muscle tone down his abdomen and his legs, and Sherlock’s eyes finally came to rest on the doctor’s hard cock that rested against his stomach and was already dripping precome from the tip.
John slowly slid into unconsciousness and Sherlock was left alone with his thoughts. John should hate him, truly. Sherlock was the reason that his daughter no longer had a mother, that he was now a widow and a single parent. Sherlock couldn’t just keep his mouth shut for once and it had almost resulted in his own death but Mary had intervened. Why had she done that? Surely John needed her more than he needed Sherlock.
Sherlock faded in and out. One moment he could be in the complete dark, silence dragging him in and the next he could hear what sounded like sirens but we're far too quiet and distant to seem fathomable. When he could think about anything he thought about John. Why was John there? John didn't actually care. John had left him.
“Out?” This time John looked up and arched an eyebrow not only at the man’s response, but at the sight that greeted him. Sherlock looked… he didn’t even have words to describe. The detective was wearing his deep purple button-up shirt with the top few buttons carelessly undone, John always secretly admired the way that shirt clung to Sherlock’s muscular frame when his flatmate wasn’t looking, his lips seemed to be slightly swollen and his hair even more of a mess than usual, but the thing that took John the most off guard were Sherlock’s trousers, sinfully tight and clearly showing the younger man’s arousal.
John sat up once again surprised. "Sherlock...Don't. Shh." he pressed a finger to the others lips, "you don't need to tell me how dumb I'm being I know."
Mike rolled his eyes, “John just came out at bisexual, it wouldn’t hurt to find the bloke who is  -how did he word it?- ’hopelessly in love’ with him.” Mike pulled out his cell phone and snapped a few pictures before zooming it in to enlarge the writing. “This handwriting is really unique, surely someone’s ought to recognize it.”
"Sherlock! It's John! Please!" He could hear the footsteps up the stairs. He kissed him again frantically. "Sherlock I’m sorry. If you can hear me.... please god. I love you don't leave me.”
“Do you want to get out of here?” The other man, Sherlock had truly not paid any attention to his name, asked.
After several more thrusts, Sherlock wrapped his legs around the older man’s hips and squeezed him tightly, using the leverage to roll them over so he was now seated on his lover’s cock. “I love you, John,” he moaned as he rotated his hips, “But that was getting to be ridiculous.”
John chuckled. Sherlock was right of course, but it was more than that. The London sunset was peaking through the window, painting the detective’s pale skin with subtle shades of orange and pink. His face was flushed and his hair was a bloody mess as his curls shifted gently with each movement. Sherlock really was stunning, there was no question.
Now it was John’s turn to look surprised. “Oh?" His lips curved into a wide smile, "you’re the one who’s ‘hopelessly in love with the rugby captain’?” John teased.
“John, why are you still being so kind to me?” Sherlock’s voice sounded as though he was on the verge of tears and he was still refusing to meet John’s eyes.
“Oh, well thank you for your honesty, Sherlock,” John’s heart was racing and his thoughts were all over the place. The pair continued mostly in silence for the rest of the class, speaking only to discuss their findings. When they finished and they were released from class Sherlock and John exited class side by side. John turned right out of the door, following Sherlock even though they both knew his locker was to the left.
(See the end of the chapter for
Inviting John on the Family Holiday with the Holmes' was possibly the best idea Mrs Holmes has ever had. And coming from Sherlock, this was a very high compliment indeed.
I suppose you're right about this being different to your previous relationships. That is, I can only assume so from what I've seen at school: couples are lucky to last more than three months, and what was once promised to be something that would last as long as humanly possible, ends either with awkward relief or humiliation and resentment. So honestly, I'd say it's a good thing that we won't be like that.
"No! Sherlock, you need to take breaks. You've been working for hours for days on end. You're probably exhausted and hungry and just repressing everything which I'm fairly sure isn't that healthy."
"Sssh," John placed an assuring hand on Sherlock's cheek, and he leaned into the touch. "You need to give yourself more credit."
I just have one question: does this mean we're in a romantic relationship now? I'm aware that I originally expressed a distaste for such things, but don't be put off. You'll remember I wasn't particularly optimistic about the idea of friendship either, and that's worked out well, hasn't it?
"Nothing much. Read this and a bunch of other books about future careers - Mother's doing. There was a serial killer making his way around Sussex, but the police refused to let me help. Idiots."
"Yes?"
"Did you sleep at all?"
"He was stabbed." He kept his eyes fixed on the ground, not letting Mycroft see whatever his face may betray. "In the abdomen. The side. There was a lot of blood and he was unconscious. I don't know how deep the wound is, how big the knife was. I couldn't see."
John broke up with Mary the next morning.
"I don't understand, is this supposed to be comforting me? 'Oh, it's okay, Sherlock, he just hates you because of an inferiority complex'." Sherlock sighs and rests his head in his hands. "I was this close to deducing him. I could have had the upper hand. But I didn't. Because he didn't seem the type of man to take these things likely. I was intimidated by him, not the other way round."
"What?"
“No, no, no. Well, yeah. But, the thing is, I like you. I like cases and going out on stakeouts at 2 a.m and stitching you up after a fight with a criminal. I think I rather like the idea of doing that for as long as possible. With you.”
"I - 'Love' is a bit extreme, isn't it?" Sherlock felt his hand shaking slightly as he closed his book on the desk.
“I wouldn’t be so sure -
Harry: … No
He thinks about all the times he has found himself miserable and bored and playing crappy games on his phone to pass the time, wishing for company. Now here he is with most of the tables filled up with all sorts of chattering people - mums with toddlers, people on dates, businessmen on phone calls as they drink their heavily caffeinated drinks - and yet he's still bored and desperate to leave. Or rather, desperate to find Sherlock again and find out what is going on with the case.
"Absolutely."
"Retinas."
Mycroft's mouth opened, then paused, and stood up. Sherlock let out a shaky breath, and averted his eyes to John. "They'll be here. Tonight. With John. There's nothing I can do about it."
Sherlock bit his lips and felt his face heat with shame. "A bit. Partially. I had other reasons too that still have to be taken into account."
"You can't promise that."
Sherlock smiled. “Good. I was rather hoping it did when I bought it.”
“Are you hurt?”
“25. You’re a little older than me, aren’t you?”
"There was an odd interval for a week until three days ago when you didn't text me very much. I deduced you were abroad, because there is always bad signal and texts cost more, so you refrain from using your phone so much. I knew it was France because you have a distinct tan. You were sunbathing. Your family rarely leaves Britain due to financial issues, but they went abroad this year. Nowhere fancy, though. Nowhere which would require flight. So there's no other option than France."
"Hang on, last berry... There." John added the berry to the cauldron - turning the potion  dark blue - and handed the knife to Sherlock, who started cutting. "Listen, Sherlock, I'm sorry if me and Mary made you - uncomfortable."
at the bedroom floor he had vacuumed just in case...just in case of what? He decides to leave this question unanswered for the moment. However, when he feels like cutting himself some slack and abandoning the self-loathing momentarily, he reasons with himself that this is the first time they're meeting since they officially decided to become Boyfriends - a term which, Sherlock thinks, entirely deserves that capitalisation - which means that everything had to be perfect, from his appearance to his parents' ability to behave reasonably to his bedroom floor.
"Right. Okay. Yeah." John paused, "What does that mean?"
"Yes, Dinner. A nice little spot around the corner. Italian. A lot quieter and we can talk to each other without shouting." Sherlock explained in a nervous rush, something which John found too endearing to say no to.
"And the Hogwarts champion is," Sherlock came rushing back to earth as he leaned slightly forward in his seat. "John Watson!"
'Focus, Watson," He told himself firmly as he lifted Mary up in the air in time with everyone else and saw Mary giggle in delight. They had practised this choreographed routine before, once or twice, after the one dance lesson a teacher gave the students. It never really went to plan - Mary would either step on his toes or John would forget a move. "It's tradition." Mary had pointed out every time John asked what the point of it all was. Tradition or not, it was a stupid idea. The chances of someone getting injured from this dance alone was probably ten times more likely than in an actual task. Given the choice, he'd take the Occamy over the Yule Ball any day.
Fun fact: A walnut museum does exist, but in Dordogne, not London. Sadly, I've never had the good fortune of going, but one can only dream...
“Surely you could compromise?”
"Surely she should have told me that?"
Once out of sight behind columns and shadows, Moriarty called back in his sing-song voice, "no you won't!"
“Liar.”
"Don't be ridiculous, mind control doesn't exist."
"A photo, you idiot. Come on. For me?"
John rolled his eyes. “Okay, that’s my cue to leave. I promise you, however, that I’m not a spy - I’m a doctor," John turned to face Sherlock. "And as a doctor, I tell you that whatever habit you’ve gotten yourself into is not healthy and you should seek help for it immediately.”
“Indian.”
“Well, only some parts. Relationship advice and things. Not the boring, history parts.”
"This isn't a competition."
“With any... certain features. Physically speaking.” His cheeks turn entertainingly pink. If this is all it takes to get Sherlock to blush, he’d have to discuss this sort of thing more often.
"I'm sorry? You
Alissia nodded in understanding. "Good."
"A necessary sacrifice." Mcgonagall shrugged, and John couldn't help but feel slightly scared at the sadistic smile Mcgonagall was wearing.
"What about friends?"
"Doesn't it, though?" He gives a self-deprecating smile, bitter and half-hearted. "Sometimes I think it's the only thing that was holding us together. That, and our daughter."
"Yeah. Some have even brought gifts."
"What, you're not impressed? Seen bigger?"
Eurus, the youngest God of the three siblings, thought it best for only one to rule over it alone, so as to avoid arguments and unnecessary debates, and for this to be decided in a fight to the death. (Gods can’t really die, but the loss of their strength and powers for all eternity is as good as.) Sherlock, the middle sibling, wanted a battle of wits, as only the wisest of the gods should have the most power. Mycroft, the eldest and (as he would say) the wisest, however, decided to divide the world into three: the sky, the sea, and the underworld. They would decide through drawing out coloured gems to assign each god their realm, a just and equal verdict. Eurus and Sherlock agreed to this, as neither of them wanted to end up dead, or worse, deemed the stupidest sibling.
"Shut up."
“In part. Technically I’m the god of spring. Rebirth and healing comes as part of the package deal, I suppose.”
“That’s highly unlikely. Besides,
" The others join in, then dissolve into laughter. Even Sherlock can't contain a small smile, having heard the song once or twice on the radio. Robert rolls his eyes, concealing a grin.
"Neither do I. But I have my suspicions."
. "Boyfriend, actually," He corrects casually.
“Good. So, you’re okay? You don’t sound okay. You sound a bit tired.”
Dear John
Sherlock takes a deep, calming breath, shuffled closer to John to get a better look at the script (only partially not just an excuse to sit closer to him) focuses himself into the mind of his character (a gay pirate, so it’s not difficult at all) and begins. “Will you stay no lo- ”
He can practically feel Sherlock’s anger radiating through the door in the few moments it took to unlock it. Once it was opened, John was immediately dragged in by the collar into the room, then slammed against the closed door, a very angry consulting detective pinning him there. His eyes are grey and darkened like a storm and they scan over John once. At that moment, he notices the gun in Sherlock’s hand, ready to use in case the knock came from an intruder instead of a friendly, if not welcome. face. He's also aware of Sherlock's reddened eyes, like he's been rubbing at them in frustration, the fact that he still has his coat and scarf on, and the laptop on the desk in the corner. He hasn't stopped working since he got here, John realises. Hasn't stopped trying to find Mary.
Sherlock rolls his eyes, sending a ‘kill me now’ look to John, who is biting his lip to stifle a grin. “Be on time.”
Weird, John thinks, a small thrill shooting down his spine. For the sake of his security in his own sanity, he labels it as being creeped out at being observed and deduced so accurately, like his mind has been read, and not at all flattered or attracted to the idea.
The lights went down and thunder cracked. The orchestra began to play with tense, tremolo violins while the witches chanted, huddled together in grey cloaks around a cauldron. John ignored what was going on onstage as he looked around at the audience, but everyone seemed rooted to their seats, transfixed on the play.
Nowadays he felt nothing but old, as he watched army mates get married and walked around with his cane and saw the world turn and turn as he stood rooted to the ground.
"Sherlock, you can't possibly think about going out in that. It's useless!"
“John?”
For a moment, John sees an image of Mary as a young girl in primary school, blonde and happy and innocent, before she became whatever she ended up becoming. Or perhaps she was the bully of the playground, willing to shove (or shoot, for that matter) whoever was standing between her and her goals. He's almost tempted to ask her, 'do they have specialist assassin primary schools where you grew up?' but he decides that pissing off a heavily pregnant woman who is trained to handle firearms is a bad idea. Besides, he's meant to have forgiven her, hasn't he? The problems of her past, et cetera, et cetera -
“If the second task was anything to go by, any pride or dignity John may have had probably disappeared. No offence, of course.” Mycroft spoke.
“Why don’t we start with you, instead. You seem to know everything about me.”
My family and I are going up to Scotland soon. My dad’s family live up there, so we’ll be staying up there for a week. It’s not exactly France (so jealous you get to go there, by the way. And no, I can’t go with you. Because I’ll be in Scotland at the same time. And it’s your /family/ holiday. I’d just be intruding.) but it’s fun. I’ll get to see my cousins again, which I hardly ever get to do, and I can eat fried mars bars without anyone judging me. Like I know you are now. Stop pulling that face, Sherlock. I mean it.
“I know.”
The first one to face the Milverssen was Janine, so John waited in the tent and tried practicing clearing and focussing his mind. He listened to the commentator, who was describing what was happening and, apparently, translating the confrontation between them. Apparently, the creature was telling her (in French) and the audience about Janine's boyfriend and the fact she was seeing someone else here while he stayed in France. It also mentioned something about a snow globe she once stole when she was eight (not getting a particular interested reaction, as far as John could tell, from neither Janine nor the crowd, so it carried on sadistically describing Janine's antics with the not-official-boyfriend she was with now.) commentator shouted across the gasping crowd, telling them the spells Janine was flinging recklessly at it in an attempt to shut it up: stupefy, muffliato, expelliamus, ariania exumai. It was the last one that did it - twenty minutes into her given time, it flung the Milverssen across the field and knocked it out cold. The audience applauded. John breathed steadily to soothe his lurching stomach.
"Oh? Why?"
"Goodbye, John."
John grins. “You’ve come to the right man.”
"So how much of that did you actually say?" Greg asked.
“Yeah, Mum. Sherlock is here too.”
"Black coffee, two sugars please."
"Yeah, it contrasts nicely with your green face." Greg joked.
"You're staring."
"For someone with such a high IQ, you don't have a very extended vocabulary. I think you use that word more than anything else."
"Alright. Fine. I'll take it seriously."
(See the end of the chapter for
Fortunately, the topic of discussion moved on, and Sherlock could retreat to his mind palace again.
“Hear anything yet?” John asks as soon as he opens the door to the flat, dropping the bags of takeaway and DVDs on the coffee table.
"A friend who's never met you before."
"He lost a lot of blood because of this." Standing next to the body was Molly, in her Hufflepuff robes, her hair tied back and focused. "But it didn't damage any major arteries. Or organs."
“We don’t know that he’s back for certain. They still haven’t managed to trace back the source - “
“Not all of us can turn off our feelings with cases, Sherlock.”
Day fifteen.
He clears his throat. "Sorry my plan fell through. And I didn't get tickets in advance. I know you really wanted this."
“Well, I don’t want to be staying in that bedsit for anymore than I have to. But you’re right. Me being here isn’t doing either of us a favour.”
“Sherlock!”
"Okay, fair enough. But why didn't you like me?"
I couldn't bear to leave this fic as a one-shot without resolving it, so here is the second chapter, almost a month later.
“Bloody hell, not this again.”
“Ok, here we go. The Prime Minister’s speech.”
Apparently two months away from Hogwarts did not increase the IQ of other people. In first period, History of Magic, a slytherin student called Anderson asked whether Rendeliv the third was a real person, just after a lecture on him. Afterwards Sally Donovan shouted insults at him all throughout Arithmancy. This surprisingly did not stop after he pointed out the obvious fact that she was cheating on her boyfriend with two other boys. Third and fourth period was completely dull and useless. But finally fifth came, which meant potions with John Watson.
“Dull.”
"Sherlock."
"What point?" John knew it was wrong, to keep pressing for information that Sherlock would not willingly give sober. He kept listening anyway.
Sherlock scoffs. "Please. Why would John and I want - "
I can make my own tactical decisions, without you telling me what to do.”
And yet, it was absolute torture, because whenever Sherlock turned to look at him, to laugh breathlessly, his cheeks flushed from the cold air, John was instantly transported back to the night of their first meeting, when Sherlock had come off the dance floor with the same sated and flushed face as now. And then the memories of what came after came flooding back, of when they both came up for air, panting and grinning and high on a haze of hormones. It made John want to press him up against the nearest wall and tear the straining clothes off Sherlock, place his mouth over every part of him yet unexplored, touch him until they were both weak and boneless but happier than either of them have been in months. Sometimes, John could feel the same want radiating off Sherlock, could feel their circle of orbit becoming closer, closer... Instead, Sherlock would nod, wish him a good night,  and retreat to his room to catch up on however much sleep he had missed out on while working the case.
"I don't know. Are you going to make me?" John challenged, raising an eyebrow cheekily and purposefully rolling his hips up to meet Sherlock's, who then bit back a noise at the back of his throat.
Sherlock turned and glared at the boy behind him. "Mycroft. Did you just come down here to insult me?"
"No you didn't. Wow. I'm just...touched, I guess."
John comes out of his room a little while later, refreshed and in new clothes - a blue shirt he had worn every year since he was fourteen, and still managed to fit into, though rugby playing had made it tighter, straining around his biceps and chest.
"Nonsense. You're the bravest man I know. Factually speaking," he adds with a grin.
Obviously the answer was to never actually cross her path.
"Help?" Sherlock snorted. "I appreciate the thought but unless you have some kind of... machine that can extract all subjective emotions from my conscience, you're not going to be of much use."
"Janine doesn't speak English." John cut in. "Just to let you know."
"I know. Sorry. I didn't mean to come across as patronising or anything."
Sherlock opened his mouth to respond, but John tugged on his arm, looking up at him pleadingly, so sighed and nodded. They swiftly left the theatre, coming out just as the police were starting to arrive.
"I know my way."
"Doesn't matter. You can't just use a dead woman's phone. Besides, Lestrade would have a fit if he knew you had stolen that from the crime scene."
"No?"
He tried to sit himself up, to carry on helping the other soldier, but the pain was too much, like a weight that spread all over his chest, compressing his lungs and stomach. So instead he focussed on breathing, shakily and made hoarse by anxiety - please don't let this be it for me. Please god let me live.
John cleared his throat. “So. That was...interesting.”
"I'm going insane."
is alarmed by sex, the idea of being wanted and wanting in return, being so vulnerable and exposed; but
And I liked it.
"Fantastic. What would happen if I was to just walk out that door and never return?"
Sherlock laughs at this. "So. What do we have planned next? Robbery? Fraud?"
I wanted to check on you as soon as I could. I know you told me not to worry, but frankly you ushering me out of the flat at seven this morning wasn’t much of a reassurance (and don’t expect me to believe that ‘it will be awkward at breakfast otherwise’ is the whole truth). I’m not angry at you for doing so, by the way, before you go apologising for it. I just need to know that you’re okay. And no, I’m not overreacting. I’ve heard too many horror stories of misapproving parents of ‘forbidden soulmates’ to not be this worried - though they were probably exaggerated by people in my year.
Luckily, there was a supply closet nearby, marked by a ‘staff-only door’ and thankfully free of any couples who may have wanted to use the space for less important purposes.
"Hermione Granger. Again."
“Right. Anyway, I’ll talk to you soon. Maybe we could try and watch a movie together or something?”
"Yes, I'm here. Sorry. Thank you."
He could call the police, ask them as an anonymous neighbour who had spotted withdrawal symptoms from afar, but he didn’t have the evidence for them to take him seriously.
“Just a little longer.” A weak voice asks. “Please.”
“Right. I see. What about your trip up to Scotland?”
“Yesss, let me see -”
The collarbone was not completely fractured, meaning that the person who knocked you over couldn't have been that much stronger than you. He was taller than you -but then again, who isn't. Judging by the angle of the break, you were holding the ball in your right hand, which suggests you are somewhat ambidextrous in regards to some sports. You were running at full speed, gaining momentum, until you collided with the other played and he knocked you backwards, where you landed on the ground at an awkward angle. Had there been a complete fracture, your collarbone would have most likely been protruding through your skin. Instead, you now have a funny lump and a bit of bruising. Dull. Still, I hope you get better soon. Take pain medication, don't do anything stupid that could lead to further harm, and don't forget to wear your sling.
"Yeah. Impressive." Sherlock echoed. "Mary's very clever."
“But you worked so hard on that part!”
"But you agree about the ugly bit? Not-ugly bit, I mean."
“Y’know. Just plant... stuff. Like the flowers Mrs Hudson has in her vase downstairs.”
Rebecca falters. "I didn't
After ten minutes of talking – mainly Molly comforting him, Greg making quips and Sherlock and Mycroft rolling their eyes at said quips – McGonagall came into the chamber to announce that it was time for family and friends to make their way over to the quidditch field.
Anyway, please right back soon, so I know you weren't completely scared off by what I just said. You probably were, weren't you. Sorry.
"Nonsense, I have the utmost faith in you. Don't worry, I will allow you two hours after your shift before we meet tomorrow."
"Besides, I'm fairly sure it's cheating."
“It’s always me. It’s always my enemies, my cases that hurt you. Everytime you get kidnapped, or stabbed, or placed into a semtex vest, or thrown into a bonfire, it’s all due to your association with me,” he spits. “And every time, I always wonder, what will be the final straw that takes you away from me?”
Then they stamp,
“...”
He responds with a brilliant, false grin as he finishes dressing, then leaves, closing the door behind him to find Lorenzo Alfonsi, his next target.
The smile on Sherlock's face didn't leave for ages.
“Because we usually win rugby games.” Greg gives a dramatic shudder. “There are no winners here.”
"I could be a therapist."
"If," John persisted. "Try to be optimistic here, Sherlock. If he comes back, we'll go looking for him."
Sherlock and John make eye contact, then by some unspoken, unanimous agreement, they both run, dodging the guard and speeding past him and out into the back alley. By some miracle, the guard is unable to catch up with them, clearly lacking in speed where he made up in muscle. They carry on running, their lungs and legs protesting, until they reach a street far enough away that they could pause, laughing breathlessly until they were sore.
Sherlock nodded and stood up on shaking legs. "Did John say anything else?" He asked as he got a shirt and trousers from his trunk.
"I love you too."
“And this is - okay?”
Dear Sherlock
Sherlock smiled at him before going back to eating his breakfast. He did that a lot since the day before, smiling.
After a few minutes of Sherlock sitting in silence by John's bed, relishing in every pulse beat he could feel on John's wrist and tracing illegible patterns on the back of his hand, Molly and Greg entered the hospital wing. Sherlock didn't look up, but he heard Molly's gentle gasp of sadness when she saw John, and Greg's muttered profanity.
“Sherlock,” he says, but it comes out as a croak. He clears his throat and tries again. “Sherlock.” A little louder. It works - he wakes up with a jolt, uncurls his body and sits up in a panic. He’s almost sorry for waking him and not letting him catch up on the little sleep he usually allows himself. But then Sherlock sees John, alive and awake, and his lips part in a small ‘oh’ of surprise and relief, and John can’t bring himself to regret it. “Hello.”
“Like you getting a boyfriend?” Sherlock suggests with a wry smile.
"Not really, it's just more of the same. Money troubles, Harry yelling at me for breathing too loud, Mum's taken up watching exercise classes on youtube."
“Midnight Run, Die Hard or Goldfinger.”
"I'm sorry for the way we treated you," Mrs Watson speaks, getting it out quickly, as though embarrassed.
“What are the numbers.”
Regards,
"Hello to you as well."
When he goes inside the room and stands unobtrusively in the corner, he finds that there’s already someone on the table, unconscious wires and tubes poking out of his arms and mouth, the machine next to him beating a steady, frantic tempo. There’s a wound at his side, bright red leaking through the white bandages. A gunshot, perhaps. Sherlock’s seen enough of them come his way to know it by sight. An accident, though, almost certainly; no one would shoot to kill by aiming there.
"This is ridiculous."
This sounds really paranoid, I know. I probably have no reason to worry. But it's been over a week since you've replied and you normally only take a few days. I know you're probably busy but I just want to make sure you're okay and coping with exams alright. Write back soon?
He pauses, as though awaiting a response. He wonders what Sherlock would say if he were actually here; probably something dismissive and insulting. Perhaps he’d sulk that John hasn’t waited long enough to fully mourn his death before moving on. John would give anything to hear whatever he’d have to say. He settles for silence. He shouldn’t expect anything less from a headstone as a conversation partner.
"Are you nervous about the tournament?"
"The company would be worth it."
"I'm not doing jazz hands in front of an audience."
"Really? John had us believing it's a proper big house. Like something in Poirot."
“Yes, that does seem like a stupid suggestion now that I think about it.”
"I must say, Mcgonagall," the Durmstrang headmaster, a young man with slicked back hair, said, "Hogvarts really has put ze effort in zis year. Is it to compensate?"
"I - no, I don't. It's a normal house."
Anthony's face turned momentarily panicked, unsure how to respond, which John found odd, to say the least, as it was a perfectly simple question. Eventually, the nurse settled on, "she's retired now."
"Cheers. Look, I'd better go in now. Good luck."
“Yeah. Though it’s very difficult to carry on as normal while watching the world collapse around you. I can’t believe they’re not cancelling exams.”
, John. A month early, might I add.”
“No.”
“Yes, it works, John. Hello.”
I'm not going to tell you what my middle name is. I find it a bit embarrassing personally. But, I suppose you have the right to know. If you can guess it! Don't worry, I'll give you a clue.
"It wasn't a suggestion."
He starts to lower the gun; if she's here to talk, he can talk. "And how long after faking your death for Joseph's benefit did you marry me? I'm fairly sure that, legally, the two of you are still married if you're both alive and well."
"Seriously? Why?"
You deduced correctly about why I don't drink. I mean, I don't mind having a little bit. But seeing what alcohol's done to my dad and my family, it's not exactly a great advertisement of the stuff. I don't know if it will be permanent. Maybe not. It does sometimes get a bit lonely being sober. And the idea of a magical courage-inducing liquid that can make the most serious of mothers dance and embarrass her son, or can make the most loyal of married vicars gay as a maypole, would seem appealing, but only when ignoring everything else that comes as a side effect. Still, I like being there to take care of people. It makes me feel useful.
"John."
"No it's not. Don't blame yourself."
"Fun? People are lying dead." Sherlock shrugs with one shoulder. John sighs as he tries to reason with Sherlock and himself. He's much more tempted than he should be to be able to have such an opportunity; though he's no longer as bored and discontent as he was six weeks ago, there's only so many times a man can play chess before he starts to want to tear his eyes out. "I'm no detective, Sherlock. I'll be useless no matter how much sleep I got."
"Shut up, Sherlock."
“Stop it. I love it. I don’t care about discreet. It’s perfect. I don’t get it, but it’s perfect.”
“I’d like to see you try it one day. See if you can travel via fireplace without breaking something.” John knelt down to kiss Sherlock anyway, as was routine whenever he came back from work. Sherlock leaned up to receive it compliantly. “Get anything done today?” John asked, stroking Sherlock’s  hair. The contented hums and purrs Sherlock would make from this action irresistibly reminded John of a cat, as he endlessly teased.
“We’ve tried movie nights. They never go well.”
“Uh - well, I can’t say I’m particularly hungry for a big meal. Maybe just that prawn dish thing there?”
“Yes. But I shouldn't be the one to say it for you."
"In return, Mr Yanovich has given you two tickets to tonight's performance, should you choose to accept payment."
"Now, when I call your name," Flitwick called out in a voice louder than most people expected, "Step up and sit down on the stool, and you will be sorted into your various houses. Afterwards sit down at the respective house's table."
Experiment to see if anyone is still here. Sorry I’ve been MIA (sort of. I’ve been writing other fics)
P.S Legally!? Watching a film?! Ridiculous. You're no fun, John Watson. Where's the boy who sneaked me into a theatre after a botched attempt at getting us in cheaply
“Alright then. I’ll do the talking. Because, believe me, I’ve been thinking about this a lot myself…”
"Well, I guess we'd better not take his word for other things too." Mr Watson finally looks up at the TV, making eye contact with Sherlock. "He says you're clever."
“Now that does sound familiar,” Holmes murmurs as he obliges and Watson chuckles. At least Holmes hasn’t lost his dry wit with the shock of the night’s events. Still, his other hand rests on the other thigh, his thumb stroking circles into the skin, as though he can’t bear to go without any form of skin to skin contact. Once he manages to clumsily wrap up the injury, Watson takes pity on him.
No, I shouldn’t be this miserable. It’s not good for either of us. You were upset enough this morning without me exacerbating things. Besides, I should be looking forward to uni. And I am. I’m dead excited to meet new people and to live on my own and experience the Student Life (which deserves capital letters, if the way my aunts and uncles talk about it is anything to go by). And I hope you’re going to look forward to being at uni too - Cambridge!!! You’ll be with proper intelligent people there. People who know pi to a hundred digits and have actually read To Kill a Mockingbird and didn’t just make up that they have. You’ll be bored of me within a month!
"Yes, obviously. A cult which focuses primarily on preparing for an apocalypse, both in terms of their physical needs and spiritual needs. What I imagine happened is that these three victims left and threatened to tell people about the cult, which most likely had a darker, more criminal side to it, and in response the leader had them killed and the tattoo cut off as a message to the other members."
Please, write back as soon as you can. Or call. I would call but if your parents picked up I’m not sure how likely it is for them to pass the message on.
Mary was sat down at a table, watching Janine and her date dancing. She smiled at Janine when she turned around, then glanced at the door for the tenth time, hoping that John may get back before this song finished. But there was no sign of him, so she sighed and turned back to Janine. When that got boring, she looked around at what used to be a brown, monotone, stone hall and was now decorated in a winter-wonderland-esque theme. The walls and tables were white and the stone floor was now silver and reflective, like a frozen over lake. Snow fell from the ceiling, frosting the tables and the giant Christmas tree at the back. It was nice. Mary doubted that even Beuxbatons could do a better job. The song ended, and Janine and her date parted. He kissed the top of her hand before Janine rushed back to the table, beaming. "You two seem to be getting on well." Mary grinned.
“Why would she…” Joseph speaks at last, his hands shaking as he holds his tea. “How could she do that?”
John smiled quietly to himself, then continued. "Besides, as cliche as it sounds, if I didn't get shot and discharged with a shitty pension, I wouldn't have found my way back to you."
“No. We’re here another three days at least.”
Sherlock leaned over and whispered to John. "I've worked out what you're in danger of."
They sat down at a table. "I've been doing research about the tournament," Sherlock explained, "and the statistics show that the first tournament is always a test on physical strength and skill. A duel, perhaps, or battling some kind of creature: a dragon, perhaps."
"You still there?"
“Your mouth, your hands… everything about you.”
"Well, that would depend on the experiment, surely," John quips, satisfied at the twitch of lips his joke gets in response. "Well, I could fill that position."
BTW I've gone back to the last chapter to make some typo corrections (and there were some pretty appalling ones. Half an entire sentence was missing before I'd moved on randomly to the next one). If you spot a mistake or typo, please feel free to correct me.
"You are given half an hour. If you can defeat it within that time, or you last the entire half hour without giving up, you pass. But if you ask for help or to leave, you fail and receive fewer points. Have I made myself clear?"
"Fine."
“And I won’t roll away to try and sleep from now on.”
Redbeard whines, nudges his right head into Sherlock’s hand. He strokes it fondly. “Come on. Keep me company while I’m up there, eh?”
"Well, anyone can say stuff about planets. Go on. How many stars are there? What are they made of? Why do planets go around the sun?" Mr Watson says this with a fierce intensity in his eyes, like a challenge. John watches Sherlock, hoping that whatever answer he gives is one that will satisfy Mr Watson.
"Of course. The angle of the darts shows that only people sitting in the front row would have been able to hit them. They were the people closest to the stage, other than the orchestra, of - oh." In his mind's eye, John could see the look on Sherlock's face, mouth open in realisation with his eyes almost comically wide. He allowed himself a small, proud smile.
Anyway, the point is I want you to visit my family before we both end up in a different country. Possibly my friends too but we’ll see. Depends how long you’d want to stay for.
John saw Janine glare at her out of the corner of his eye. He supposed that she could tell that the woman was talking about her, despite her not knowing the language.
“Oi, piss off, we’re not all world-class detectives. I just figured if a beautiful woman can get into a bath with you - y’know,
With one last glare at John, Sherlock sat in front of Janine, who gave Sherlock a smile. He ignored her and listened to Mary and John's conversation.
"Hello." Janine said, her French accent obvious.
John doesn't want it to end.
"What's that - " Then suddenly he felt a stabbing sensation in his stomach and he cried out, bent double. Moran stepped back, his face all seriousness and focussed and John saw the source of the silver flash: a small dagger, now coated in his blood. He pulled his hand back from where the pain was and he the blood seeping quickly from his wound in his side. His knees buckled and he was left half lying, half sitting against the hedge, completely weak and helpless.
When John doesn't approach her of his own accord, Mary comes to him the next day at lunch with a bright smile. Everything about her was bright and blinding and luminescent: green shirt, blonde hair, blue eyes, white teeth. Like the sun. "Hi, I don't believe we've been introduced properly. I'm Mary," she says as she holds her hand out. It’s entirely unremarkable: small, soft, nails neatly and practically trimmed.
“Or someone working for him?”
With a final kiss, Watson goes to roll over to his side of the bed, as is tradition, only to be stopped by an arm at his stomach.
"The nurse said not to eat too much sugar."
Harry sobbed. “They came on a bad day. Mark forgot his lines. You know how stubborn he was in rehearsal, how he kept saying shit like ‘I’m the experienced actor among us, you just focus on your own lines before worrying about mine’. Like doing soap operas gives him any more credibility.”
"Well done, you can understand sarcasm. How smart of you. Gold star!"
John waited with baited breath as Mark started speaking. Sure enough, he said his line perfectly, without so much as an awkward pause or a stutter or a filler. Still, John didn’t release his breath until he said the very last word with a final flourish, a fake tear rolling down his cheek as the audience watched on in silent awe and empathy for the character.
"Yeah, I'd bet. That's it then? Read some books and got rejected by the police?"
"I don't doubt that. I've seen her practicing." Sherlock said. "Beuxbatons teach very advanced charms."
“My sister apparently. She says it inspires her. I think it’s just her splashing out spare cash on unnecessary shit.”
(See the end of the chapter for
"Yeah, sorry, we got a bit delayed." John winks in Sherlock's direction, who then blushed and subconsciously flattens his hair down again. Under the dim lighting and purple and green lights moving dizzyingly about the room, the blush is barely distinguishable to most. "Sherlock, this is Liam, Robert, Rebecca, Amy, and Samantha."
"Not everyone is good at languages."
"Why? God, Sherlock, you really need to get out more. It's the tri-wizard tournament! Hogwarts will be hosting!" John said excitedly, looking at Sherlock for a reaction. He just frowned in confusion. John sighed.
“Well, funny you mention that, I was rather hoping that after our date, you could run us a bath?”
John can name a large number of things more scientific than kids' board games. He glances down at his left hand, which is still for now, but tremors occur erratically, unpredictably, no matter how much sleep he had. Sherlock speaks softly over his thoughts. "Your tremor is accounted for. There are other tests, ones where brain activity is far more important than the capabilities of your hand.
“Oh yes,” Sherlock grinned, then exited the building in a rush of excitement.
“Yes.”
Money, glory and danger.
19:39 Why wouldn’t you be? SH
They carried on talking about the holidays, Mary mentioning her aunt and Sherlock talking in length with her about France and his family living there. Occasionally, if John had said something particularly funny or nice, Mary would kiss his cheek, and Sherlock would stare into space, obviously bothered by public displays off affection. Then Sherlock would tell them about someone he had deduced on the train journey, and Mary would look impressed, and John as ever would sit in wonder and amusement, throwing in the occasional cThe obtrusive silence was gone, thank Merlin, but was instead replaced with eggshells that they were all subconscious avoiding stepping on, an unnamable elephant in the room. Though he didn't know why, the elephant seemed all the more apparent when Sherlock looked between him and Mary, wordless, with emotionless eyes. John left it alone.
Also, my morale has been somewhat boosted by what you said on our last phone call. The bit about ‘when’ we’ll meet, that is. I hope it’s not too presumptuous to say, but I would like us to meet soon. After exams are finished, preferably, but I am definitely not opposed to sooner.
"I don't mind." John stroked a thumb over Sherlock's hand, and Sherlock almost fell apart again at the gesture. Almost.
“Are you sure I can’t lend you anything?”
“Not just a bird. A magpie,” she says. “It’s the exact same as his seal, his sign. He uses it for all his messages, when he hires and when he needs a job doing. It could just be a coincidence, but…”
Mycroft nodded then turned to leave. "Good night, Sherlock."
“And Harry?”
Sherlock huffed. "It's a family name."
"She does know now." He places the phone back in his pocket. "Don't worry about it. She's not due for another five weeks."
“Not my job actually. In fact, I’m on holiday right now.”
“Ah, well, that should change soon. Look, rehearsal’s about to start. Excuse me, sorry.” Harry quickly makes her way through the crowd to Irene, who has taken a chair and placed it in the centre of the room. She stands on it, ignoring the way it wobbles precariously with remarkable calmness, and whistles sharply through her fingers to gain everyone’s attention. The entire room instantly silences, and Harry stands next to her, suddenly even more significantly shorter than before.
Sherlock gritted his teeth and shook his head. "I came up on the stand, and I told them everything I knew. Some believed me. But most of them...they just kept asking me questions. Some even laughed when I said that Moriarty was involved in both the muggle and wizarding worlds. One man asked," Sherlock lowered his voice into a nasal imitation "'how do we know you didn't kill your brother? My son Phillip tells me there was a rivalry between the two of you.'"
Sherlock dug his finger into the envelope and made a small tear, before pausing and looking up to remind Mycroft, "if I read this, it doesn't count as 'getting involved'."
"You're a scientist and a detective. I didn't think you'd get much free time for board games."
"You're generous with your compliments, if  slightly delusional."
This was genuine fear.
John: I’m sorry what
She tilts her head, almost pouting. “Oh, shame. Still, have fun at your sister’s. Another time perhaps?”
“That’s good enough for me. God. Wow. I love you. You love me. It’s great, isn’t it?”
John speaks again, quieter. “I need you here with me. Far more than I need Mary back. I would sooner have her gone and you here safe with me than you injured or dead and her back here.”
But he’s only human. Anyone could get bored. Even Mary, whose eyes still linger every so often at the duffel bag in their wardrobe that contains her gun and silencer (in case of emergencies) that John pretends not to know about. After all, his gun is by the bedside drawer, so they're in agreement.
"My head's fine, thanks for asking." John said sarcastically.
“So she’s not a threat? She’s only there in hiding?”
It’s probably why Sherlock chose it. If he had a weapon or a laptop for hacking into something, then there are no questions asked.
Sherlock huffed. "I've already been in the Daily Prophet."
“I can’t say I relate much with my own sibling, who I’m very much happy seeing only a few times a year when he visits, but I suppose what you want is perfectly reasonable.”
“Yeah but, it would be nice if she could talk to me, you know? Solidarity, and all that. We’re facing the same problems in the same household.”
“I know. It’s a bit...ridikkulus.” John smiled proudly at his own pun, despite how completely and utterly terrified he felt now that the third and final round of the Tournament was here. Sherlock rolled his eyes, and John pretended not to notice the unwanted smile that crept onto Sherlock’s face. John turned to Greg behind him, seeking validation for his lame joke. He shrugged. “Too predictable.” Molly nodded in agreement. Mycroft’s face remind calm, his lips pursed in constant thought.
“Stake-out. Seven hours, then chase, then an altercation between myself and the killer.”
The last word that came to John's mind took him by surprise. Would the castle be mourning him? Was he that important? He liked to think that he wasn't a self-absorbed person, but the suggestion still appeared possible.
“Yes, I’m aware.”
Well, that’s what they tried to do. Sometimes it did work and John would leave the room feeling productive and confident in his chances of actually winning the triwizard tournament. But an unfortunate side-effect of their newfound relationship, now no longer kept behind barriers of shyness at the sudden change, is that John felt that he had completely lost the ability to concentrate on anything. One moment he would be reading about the many benefits of wolfsbane, the next there would be sudden flashback's to Sherlock's lips on his own, of his mouth on John's throat, of him grinning and giggling with an endearing flush high on his cheeks, and the words on John's book would become blurry and illegible.
“But no, you had to go and act up, and now I have to do this myself. And you can’t even see it. How full and hard I am, how I’m starting to leak…”
The lights are their code.
“Not really,” John says, rubbing his hair again. “The melody came into my dream. I knew it was you playing, and kept trying to find you, but every time I went into a new room, it seemed like you had just moved out of it.”
Then, with a courage he didn’t really feel, he pulled himself out of bed and went downstairs.
It is always the first thing John says upon entering 221C. He says it now, before he has even pushed the door all the way open.
But sometimes, Sherlock goes downstairs before John gets home, flips the switch to turn the light on, and curls into the sofa, staring at the bulb. When he sees it turn off, he gets up and paces and starts making fists and shaking them out.
Sherlock cuts him off, fast and sharp: “No.”
Sherlock’s chest caves back instinctively, but he also doesn’t want to lose his connection with the floor, so he whines and tries to stop his motion from taking him too far off balance. The second he regains some control, Irene cracks the crop against one nipple or the other, maybe once, maybe four times. He growls through his pain and frustration, but manages to stay still.
John takes a deep breath. “Well, I can, at first, if you’d prefer, but the idea was… no, not upstairs. Eventually.”
“Upstairs?”
“Okay then. That’s one.”
It’s an alley, unremarkable,  one of a thousand in the city. It’s dark and it’s cold and he fills his lungs with the bracing midnight air. He closes his eyes and says in a whisper:
“I think I’m going to cool off in the shower again, if you’d care to join me.”
He can feel the tension still thrumming through Sherlock’s muscles as he moves his restraints back to their original positions, one at each corner of the bed, and Sherlock’s eyes are screwed tightly shut when he slips off the mask.
“Yes. Surprisingly, maybe, but yes, I really am.”
Sherlock’s hands fly suddenly to John’s head, pulling him in to a chaste, then affectionate, then passionate kiss. John leans into Sherlock’s embrace, lifting his hands, still holding the bow and violin, to press against Sherlock’s back. After a long moment, Sherlock ends the kiss and rests their foreheads together. They breathe in silence for a second.
“Very good!” Sherlock says brightly and full of sarcasm. “Are we done?”
“In the hallway.”
“Do you want to get dressed first?”
For now, they fall asleep facing each other.
“Nope,” Sherlock interrupts flatly.
John lets his hips drop to Sherlock’s body and slides down until he can feel the pressure he knew he’d find. “See? I can already tell how hard you are. Your protests are for shit. This is exactly what you want.”
* * * * *
“It’s because I’m incredibly hard for you. Doing this to you, seeing you like this, it gets me so fucking hot.” John suddenly lets go of Sherlock and steps back. He pulls his t-shirt over his head, tosses it aside, then pulls down the zip on his jeans. “Did you hear that? I’m stripping right now. Can you imagine me?”
But then something very strange happens.
John looks at his tea, and nods. “All right.”
The third time, which was the next night, John noticed.
They’ve been at this particular activity almost twenty minutes. John works at Sherlock with his mouth, sometimes a hard, steady rhythm, sometimes just the tip of his tongue, for varying lengths of time, sometimes seconds, sometimes a full minute. Then he pulls back and watches as Sherlock, in a tormenting loop of denial and frustration, fights his way back down from the brink.
* * * * *
“No, wait, this is your side,” Sherlock says as he falls sideways into the pillow. He makes a half-hearted attempt to pull his legs onto the mattress but it doesn’t quite work and he seems resigned to sleeping in this position.
John looked up to meet his eyes, then grinned, maybe a little bit evilly, even as he took Sherlock in his mouth, and out of his head, once again.
"Yeah." John's voice is barely a whisper. Sherlock turns, pulling John onto his side as he does so, and backs into John's body. John threads an arm through, covering Sherlock's heart with his hand, and breathes.
“Oh, yes.”
But he can’t. Sherlock asked him for this. And John will not do a single thing to jeopardize Sherlock’s trust. It took him so long to earn it, so long to even get Sherlock to acknowledge that something existed between them, starting with just
“Wouldn’t you like to know,” John mutters as he unhooks the second cuff chain.
John had no experience at this when they first started. Sherlock brought it up about a month ago, suggesting, in a roundabout way, that it was something he was interested in. John had no problem with exploring it, but didn’t like attempting anything new without being somewhat prepared.
“That’s understandable,” Irene says. “Sherlock told me he tried to explain to you how it helps him.”
When the elevator opens, he walks sixteen steps to his front door, during which he slides his hand into his pocket and finds his front door key by practiced feel so when he extracts his hand, the key is settled between thumb and forefinger. He slides it into the lock, turning it smoothly and pushing the door open. His left hand drops his umbrella into the stand just inside the door as his right pulls the key from the lock and closes the door behind him. He turns to drop his keys into the ancient ceramic bowl on the credenza as he punches in the code to disable the alarm on the keypad above it, then turns and walks eleven steps to the the antique bar cart in his foyer.
Sherlock’s eyes were riveted to the ceiling, and shining with tears.
Sherlock smiles back and knocks twice without breaking eye contact with John. Several moments later, they hear a bolt lock move out of place, and the door slides open, and they turn to look.
Sherlock doesn’t answer. John opens the fridge once more to retrieve a bottle of white wine from the bottom shelf. “Look, I don’t know why you’re shooting daggers at me with your eyes, but please get past it quickly. Greg’s coming for dinner and I won’t have you giving me the silent treatment while he’s here.”
“Come here.”
“And the elf on the shelf.” (John has gone back to being proud that he found it.)
“Is there anything you wish to remove from the table? Answer out loud, yes or no.”
John hands him the shirt. Sherlock shrugs into it and takes a moment to tuck it into his waistband, smoothing it out, and then looks up, almost shyly, and his voice is quiet again.
So John falls forward over Sherlock’s back, in an effort to counter, to gain the advantage, to maintain the illusion than he is the one in charge, that he ever could
…” He goes stock still for a moment, then shudders against Sherlock’s side, dropping his head against his shoulder and maintaining only enough awareness to make sure he actually comes all over Sherlock’s abdomen and cock.
“John…”
Irene turns to him. “To him? You are.” She stands up and looks back to Sherlock. “John. Would you like to bring him out of it?”
Their mouths stay connected as they slowly rise to their knees and close the distance between them. Palms skate over arms and backs, undemanding. The quiet kiss continues, light, almost shy, just lips and breath, taste and touch, the heat of deeper passion held at bay in favor of this moment, this reconnection of their broken circuits. They kiss and kiss, regret and forgiveness passing between them, until equilibrium is restored.
Anger surges over his affection, consuming it, drowning it, and John takes a slow, steadying breath. They’d have that fight later.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“Well, whatever you're going to call it, you need soundproofing, dear.”
, has not abated one degree since the night after they met. It scared him badly enough then, back when John had known him for only 36 hours, back when John had
He takes a deep breath and lowers the instrument, turning to smile at Sherlock, whose eyes have gone a bit wet.
“You’re the best gift I could ever ask for, you know,” Sherlock whispers.
John shrugs. “How hard can it be?”
happy just to help me to a few moments of quiet.”
“This one's hers,” Sherlock says, and as soon as he finishes speaking, he pulls John’s mouth to his. They kiss for a few slow moments, but there is, in fact, a nervousness on both sides as they separate. John leaves his eyes closed as they drift apart, and feels Sherlock’s hand reach up to his cheek.
“Yes.”
Sherlock looks up at him, his eyes still on fire, but still unreadable. He sighs deeply. “Yes,” he says, the word a bite.
Sometimes Sherlock will ask before John even leaves for work if they can have the lights off that night.
Sherlock is rolling his neck from side to side, wincing as he finds a tight spot. “I’m glad. Did you have a wank?”
John scrubbed a hand over his face as the knot in his already sickened stomach grew tighter. “My phone…” he mumbled. “Why didn’t he just track…”
“Sunday nights for the next two months?”
John gags, his eyes watering instantly. He pulls off and coughs a couple of times, then works to catch his breath. He glances up at Sherlock almost in disbelief as the back of his hand wipes at his eyes and mouth, and his eyes catch fire when he sees Sherlock’s remorseless, provocative gaze staring back.
And Sherlock punches the pillow because the not sleeping and the not breathing are definitely things that require more data, and he’s not sure it’s data he wants to collect.
"On your knees," John says, and Sherlock sinks to the floor.
!” Sherlock yells.
John waits, his eyes still tightly closed, a moment, then another, and then gasps involuntarily as he feels Sherlock’s flat tongue lick a long, slow stripe up the underside of his erection.
, you lazy genius, just pick something up…”
“Very funny,” Sherlock rolled his eyes as he held the envelope up to the light and peered at it intently, then ripped off one of the short edges and shook the contents into his palm. They were concert tickets. “Itzhak Perlman?”
John has never heard Sherlock make the keening noise he’s making now.
But he was cut off by the slam of a door.
John points at the violin. “No, with that.” He grins mischievously.
“I will not. Get
Irene adjusts the dial down again, but also turns and picks up the vibrator from the bench. Holding it adjacent to the electric wand, she presses them both together to the center of his chest, drifting until the vibrator head touches one nipple clamp, leaving it there for a few seconds, then dragging them together across to the other one.
me now. When you’re here and not…
"Well, you too. It would have been easier for you to ask than to try all eleven numbers in the phone book that correspond to a Holmes living in Sussex."
"Sherlock?"
"How badly do you want to find out?"
(See the end of the chapter for
Mrs Watson came out of the kitchen, beaming. She shakes Sherlock’s hand. “It’s lovely to meet you.”
"Trust me, you do. Now, how about that deduction about the charms homework I did last night?"
19:29 Good. I was thinking maybe you’d like to come around for a drink? Just for a bit.
“Yep, certainly do. I’d be able to see it clearer if you took off those trousers, though.”
“I need you to get in my wardrobe with me.”
John watches with a smile stretching his lips as Sherlock leaves, the door swinging behind him as faint early sunlight streams through the clouds and the cafe windows.
"Not dinner. Not hungry. However," he adds, with a smirk, "I do know an excellent coffee shop nearby. The barista is excellent."
When the police arrive and the criminal is taken away, they end up returning to the coffee shop just to pick up John's cane, then they return to Baker Street, where Sherlock invites John up for coffee.
“Not that you would know. I doubt you’ve met a single other fellow deity since you came down here.” Mycroft looked around with a wrinkled nose, sniffing with disgust at the sulphuric smell in the air. “I don’t know how you’ve stood it for this long.”
"Right. Sorry."
"Relax, they're plastic and little better than children's binoculars. You're not going to stand out."
Sherlock nodded and circled his thumb over the back of John's hand, reassuringly. "He'll pull through."
"No, I'm not."
"Agreed," Mycroft nodded.
Greg grimaces. “Ugh. No thanks. I’m playing a servant or I’m backstage crew. Nothing more.”
Harry: Best case scenario you win the man of your dreams
I know that.”
"Sorry I woke you up, by the way. And your entire family, probably."
“About what?”
John watches with open adoration as Sherlock tunes the violin, the way his long fingers clasp the neck, turn the tuning pegs, then he takes his bow in one hand. He starts to play, a simple melody like a lullaby John doesn’t recognise (but then again, he never does. Sherlock is the musician, able to recognise a classical tune from the first chord.) Rosie soon stops moving and wriggling, and starts to calm down, until her breaths steady and John feels her fall asleep under the warmth of the violin’s tune.
“What can I say, my sense of humour is endless, even in times of extreme stress. Like right now.” John’s face returned to its original pale complexion and he pursed his lips nervously. “I do know the spell, though. I just – want to make sure I don’t forget.”
Sherlock enjoyed being John's boyfriend.
That night, he dreamt for the first time of bullets flying past him, bombs exploding by him, each step he took bringing more dangers and fatalities, but each time John was left standing. He dreamt of the man whose life he couldn't save, and all the others he had let himself forget in the chaos of war.
He stops dead in his tracks. "Sorry?"
“Yeah. Before you, I didn’t really want to do anything except… wallow in self pity until my pensions ran out. I had no plans except to get through to the next day, and even then - well, it’s not the case anymore. Now I’m back on my feet. I have a nice flat, someone to talk to other than my therapist, and now I’m going to get a job.”
Their hands stopped glowing and they finally let go. Alissia's wrist was aching from Moriarty's snake-like grip, so she rubbed it with her other hand, staring straight at Moriarty. He nodded approvingly.
But anyway, what we do is up to you entirely. I look forward to seeing you. It's 27 days to go now and frankly, I dislike the idea of waiting so long. I've never been a patient person but I suppose I will find ways to keep myself occupied still.
Molly frowned at him in thought. "You're missing something. You can feel it, can't you?"
"What is it?" John asked
“Colleague,” Angelo chuckled.
"No." He heard footsteps creak outside, his father's judging by the heavy trod, so he whispered, "I have to go."
“Fine, I’ll leave it. Seriously, though, what happened with the play?”
It was right, John thought, I am a coward.
“No, no, it’s...okay. Really.”
John did not love her.
"Fine, perhaps I am a little...apprehensive. Still, aren't you? I mean, how did your parents react when you told them I was coming?"
Some mild homophobia in this chapter
The whole thing is too much of a blur, like the fading memory of a nightmare after waking up: John's arrival, Sherlock's irrational anger that even now he can't quite think of a reasonable explanation for. He
John's face softens and he swears that he can feel his heart melting in his chest. He stands on his tiptoes and pulls Sherlock down for a kiss.
John came out of the supply closet and took his seat. He decided not to drink that last whiskey - the last time it had made him blunt and unthinking, which he absolutely did not need. Then Sherlock took his seat. To John’s relief, after that everything was consistent; Sherlock's dishevelled appearance, the low swoop in John's stomach as his eyes were drawn to Sherlock like a magnet, the proud flush when John used his pick up line (the same one he had used before. If it ain't broke, et cetera, et cetera...)
He almost laughs. “Well, in case you didn’t deduce it from the way I was
"I'm good thanks."
“Are you sure? I don’t want to just - and after last night - “
None of these people - no matter how relatively interesting the backstory -  can ever make up for the fact that John's life was unbearably, mind-numbingly, excruciatingly dull. He had heard of soldiers struggling to adapt to civilian life, but never of this being due to them missing the war zone, nor did he hear of distressing nightmares that made them feel empty with longing as they stare up at the ceiling of his cheap, run-down flat. All he had these days was this job, his sister's hand-me-down phone, and people watching, and he doesn't even have the comfort of knowing if this is normal.
Jogging to catch up with his friend's long strides, John followed Sherlock through the grounds and up the stairs to the tower.
"The distinct lack of men?"
"Yes, well, it's not exactly been peace and rainbows all around, has it? Yes, we're having conversations and even sharing a couple of jokes now, but I feel like we're on a bit of a tight-rope situation, you know?"
“Oh, yes. My number. I can - “
26 days to go. Be patient. I hope it will be as worth it for you as it will be for me.
“Oh, how romantic, a crowded pub full of drunks celebrating the end of quarantine all at the same time. This is why I suggested the hotel room.”
a bit behind. My space bar stopped working, but I now have a solution: copying and pasting spaces between words. It’s a tad slower but works well enough. Pro tip!
"I'm worried about him. He's probably tired and hungry. I don't understand how he could have gone missing. There's only so many places he can go and he's not in any of them. What if he - what if - "
“That alright with you?”
"Do you?"
“Alright. But that means you have to take a shot too.”
“I’m really not. In fact, I can prove it.”
If I may admit something, I'd like to confess that I would not hate going to the ballet. I'm not asking you to take me - I understand that you'd probably dislike watching it, even if you were able to get tickets. But I think you should know that I actually quite enjoy ballet. From a musician's point of view, the artistic nature of the movements and the rhythms are fascinating. As a scientist, I like to observe how much muscular strength is required to pull off the lifts and turns and actions that could otherwise seem impossible - I doubt any of your rugby team could dance en pointe or carry fellow dancers the way many can on the stage.
John watched as Sherlock laughed, the orange sun beams from the sunset dancing on his pale face (John tried to imagine Sherlock with a tan: it didn't work). He couldn't help but appreciate that even though Sherlock hated most people, he liked John, and John made him laugh. It was an honourable position to be in.
"You do?" John said, surprised.
"I can tell. I'm serious. I know it won't be easy, but at least try."
"How poetic." Sherlock rolled his eyes. "So how will Hogwarts travel, according to your theory?"
"Getting books."
His smile grew brighter. "Excellent. Do you have some time on your hands? I have to introduce you to someone."
"John, not now."
Sherlock looks younger than he has looked in a while, his grin spread across his face and his blue-green eyes bright with mirth. He says goodnight, agreeing that they need their rest now, and John’s eyes follow him as he walks to his room, stripping off his suit jacket as he does -
"You have a very active imagination in the morning," John remarked softly, taking pity on Sherlock as he climbed back into bed, curling up behind him in an embrace. Out of protest, Sherlock tried to hide the hum of contentment, the way he visibly relaxed into the weight of John's arms around him. "Nothing like that will happen, I promise," he said gently. "Even disregarding the fact that I love you too much to limit talking to you to once a month, have you any idea how unlikely it is for soulmates to grow apart during uni?"
He finally arrives at a rundown building that matches the address he’s been given for Sherlock’s hotel.
“If you’d rather go back to sleep -“
A bark of laughter escapes him, startled. "I'm sorry, what?"
"Is this what you've been thinking about while having sex with me?"
The next couple of months were even more of a blur, the fever of work and focus now replaced with, well, an actual fever. Every so often, John would wake up in a haze, his shoulder aching and his entire body burning up. He’d see fuzzy images of panic-stricken doctors around him, barking out orders as they pumped him full of anti-bacterial drugs.
"Maybe." Sherlock tosses John's coat at him with a wink. "But you'll enjoy it."
"You look calm." John observed. Sherlock shrugged.
"I suppose she has her own personal interest in our relationship."
"Very nice, Sherlock." A voice said from the door, causing the bow to leave the strings with a sharp squeak half way through the note. "Is it a new piece?"
"I'm not a doctor yet."
“Don’t what?”
“Oi! Freeze!”
Despite Sherlock’s best attempts to make crime fighting seem as unappetising and dull as possible, there are times where he wishes that he wasn’t at work or at home, looking after Rosie, but instead, out there still. Chasing jewel thieves and serial killers, like in the days before… No, he loves his life now. He loves Rosie. He loves his wife.
John hummed in thought. "Let's hope it's the former one then."
"Since - well, about a month, I think?"
In reality, they first met at a club in Soho, 25th April 2003.
John, shrugs. "Fair enough. Hey, I'm going to get drinks. Want anything?"
"Yeah. Sorry about that. He just wanted to scare you a bit."John sits next to Sherlock and places a hand on top of his. "I think he's intimidated by you."
wolf. He couldn't help the small proud smile at the audience's gasps. The Occamy immediately saw the new threat and turned away from John and made its way towards the patronus. John didn't wait. He ran towards the nest and grabbed the golden egg. The crowd roared. He looked over at the Occamy and breathed a sigh of relief as some people dragged it back into its cage. He smiled and held the egg up in victory, until the pain in his temple came back and he grimaced in pain, dropping the egg to his feet as his knees buckled. He was vaguely aware of someone behind him grabbing his shoulders and walking him to the first aid tent. The nurse there - Madam Pomfrey - replaced the person behind him then led him to a hospital-like bed.
"She's probably a student of Rita Skeeter's." Mycroft cut in coolly.
The next page contains the only photo John managed to take of Sherlock himself, without using the grainy newspaper photos of them half obscured by shadows. It's of Sherlock smiling at a crime scene, looking up from his phone at John with a fond smile. John was able to get his attention with a bad joke he can no longer remember then snapped a picture on his phone just before Sherlock noticed. He did end up noticing, but that wasn't his intention.
"To be honest, neither can I."
“Script? Pah!” Mark gave a short burst of laughter, like a gunshot. “I’m a professional actor. I don’t need to look at my script.”
"Fine, you're right, you're right." John adjusts his hands, and together they begin to sway. "You don't think my dad will notice, will you?"
"'The one' being a human of no relevance to me," Sherlock mumbled back.
“People have tried to kill me hundreds of times before. I just want you home. As soon as possible. When you’ve healed,” he adds quickly. John grins.
As if.
"Maybe not, but you were in a relationship. You two have - or had - mutual affection and respect. Legality has nothing to do with it."
“Oh?”
"She has her own traditions and stuff." He shrugs. "Besides, have you any idea how expensive plane tickets are to get from Ohio to England? It's insane."
He then decided to increase his jogging to twice, then thrice a week, to no avail.
"We can do our own tuning, you know,"
"I'm trying. I actually picked up a book. Doesn't that say something?"
"Good. You may go now."
"Speaking of soulmate, Rebecca - you're from Cardiff - that was originally just a guess but Liam confirmed it. It took you a while to grow to like Liam, so much so you almost considered applying for a new one. However, something put you off reapplying - possibly the time delay it takes to match you with someone new, but maybe it was a horror story from a family friend about reapplication. So you stuck it out. It was when Liam did a grand, romantic gesture you were assured that he was 'the one' so to speak. I'd guess that it was buying you that necklace you're currently wearing."
"Oh. I see."
Sherlock waves his hand dismissively. "Only in title. I knew it was three days because you're ignoring your discomfort in a way that shows you're used to it by now."
"Mmh, very observant of you. So, how long do we actually have before they come back?"
Sherlock narrowed his eyes. “No one has taken it?”
They come out of their hiding place and walk past the various dressing rooms, Sherlock whispering excitedly about the various parts of the ballet he's found interesting so far:
She didn't cry over the Milverssen's announcement. She wasn't that weak.
a murderer?!" John shouts.
"Ow!"
"People are staring at you, and I'd rather they didn't."
"Speaking of which, who do you think will win out of the the two of you?" Mary asked.
"Assuming the murderer is in any way interested in your website and how to identify 240 types of tobacco ash."
"Good."
John opens his mouth to say something, anything, to make Sherlock stay longer, but the announcement comes that the train will be leaving in two minutes.
John exhales softly and shakes his head, resigned to the fact that he is completely wrapped around Sherlock's finger now. "Fine. So. Dead 24 hours from a stab wound in her stomach." He quickly looks over her neck, wrist, nails, then sniffs her mouth. "No sign of bruising or a struggle, and she wasn't drunk or drugged up. So she knew the person who killed her."
(See the end of the chapter for
"I'm not here to mock you." Sherlock's voice sounded soft, calm. Bastard. "Can we just...talk?"
“Victor…” Sherlock said warningly
It was only them against the rest of the world.
“Oh.”
"No, sir."
"Brilliant!" Sherlock's head whips around to face John and for a moment, his calm and focused mask slips to show a small, secret smile and his cheeks turning red. It feels like a privilege to be shown this, just for him.
“Of course I am.”
"Of course, dear. It's nice to get to speak to you at last. Sherlock's been very secretive about you."
Love, John
What always comes but never arrives? Tomorrow.
At midnight, after a long day of avoiding all interactions and pitiful looks from her fellow students, she crept out of her bed, put on a thick jumper and some shoes, then tiptoed out of the carriage ghosting across the floorboards as silent as the night until she reached the door. She barely noticed the cold as she walked to the Forbidden Forest, her heart in her throat.
There’s a pause  that goes on for too long for John’s liking. “I’m on my way.”
Their lips met half-way, and that's when John knew, with confidence, that he was finally in the right timeline, without the need to go back for any changes.
"Confringo!"
"Right. Robert. You're also a rugby player, very dedicated. You're a swimmer too. In fact, you are training to take part in a triathlon, but you never learned to cycle as a child and your balance is too appalling for your coaches to have any kind of faith in you. You're one of the rare few who have been matched with someone so far abroad - I imagine it is your stubbornness and mildly aggressive nature that made you difficult to pair up with. However, you have been matched with a girl in Ohio, who has turned you into the lover of all things romantic, including and especially rom-coms. You favour the kind with a near death scene and a last-minute desperate confession of love."
"Pretty good, considering he had a hole ripped through his abdomen," Sherlock replied drily, glaring at Lestrade.
"Greg asked about your holiday."
Sherlock stormed off without another word.
“Good. Ok, I have to go now. The house is suspiciously quiet, which means I have about an hour of undisturbed study time before some kind of hell breaks loose. I’ll talk to you soon, yeah?”
"Haven't grown since 4th year, you know that." John said.
"Yeah, yeah. Unless - unless you wanted to sleep here?"
He finishes undoing the ropes and waits a moment to make certain that the guard outside hadn’t been alerted, then puts on the man’s jacket, trousers, and hat, tucking his now overgrown hair inside. He doesn’t much resemble the man, but he has faith that the guard outside won’t bother looking too closely. For good measure, he takes the gun from his newly required jacket and shoots the man in the head. When he walks out of the cell, he doesn’t look back.
I’ll see you then,
Sherlock shrugs "Simple observation, that's all." He takes a sip of his coffee and pulls a face, clearly not up to his standards. "You don't have food stains but you do have a slight toothpaste stain." John turns red and attempts to scrub at the small stain. "Someone so careless who ate breakfast should have both. Your clothes are slightly crumpled in a way that suggests you put it on in a hurry, but you have the tired look of someone who did not accidentally lie in this morning, so you dressed in a hurry because you were trying on outfits. As for your watch," Sherlock reaches across the table to pull John's hand towards him, his fingers almost at John's pulse point, "It's an old model, around 20 or 30 years old. It's scratched and well worn, so not recently bought. A watch like that couldn't possibly be afforded at this time, so it's old and a gift. Your father wouldn't have let you borrow it out for the day if he was still technically in possession of it, and something worth so much would have been given as a present for an important birthday. As today's society focusses on the age of sixteen far too much, it's a fair guess to say it was your sixteenth birthday."
"When."
John grins. “I agreed no such thing. Drink.”
He shakes his head. “Sorry, Mary. Sounds great, but it’s my sister’s birthday. I’ll be in Edinburgh all weekend.”
"I'm in the middle of an important potions assessment."
"Yes. I didn't want to, though," he said quickly. "It was a brilliant night. Really. We even exchanged numbers afterwards so we could meet again. It's just that I had to go back for Harry. Her play was on that night, and it went poorly because of the actors' inability to learn their lines and the props being in the wrong place. I sorted it out, helped her get good critical reviews, and tried to leave in time to meet you at the bar again and do the whole thing over, but by the time I got there, you had gone home with someone else."
"Uh - yes. Oui. I am from...Le France." John stares incredulously at Sherlock, who mouths sorry, I panicked. John looks back at the lady before he gives himself away completely, and is pleased to know her face seems to have softened.
"Oh."
Now, in Salzburg hospital, there isn’t very much difference. He’s still aching and exhausted and uncomfortable when he wakes up. The bullet wound in his abdomen throbs with the promise of a new, identical scar to add to his collection. Most noticeably, his throat stings, parched.
"I don't know why I went out with him." Sherlock murmured, barely above a whisper, slurring his words. But John was close enough to understand.
"I'm really not hungry." Sherlock said.
“What if she just left it at the hotel?”
He came out of the bathroom after brushing his teeth then lay flat on his back on his bed, his fingertips steepled under his chin, eyes closed, in thought. Most of the boys were sleeping now anyway, the room completely dark.
I can see why most people would be put off by your cynicism and interest in murder, but honestly I’m just intrigued. Why are you so interested in crime? Do you want to be a police officer when you’re older?
"Of course not. I'll be happy to walk you back to your dorm."
“Perhaps,” he replies. “And you would have insisted on putting it up on the blog, giving it some god-awful name and romanticising every detail unnecessarily.”
"The Beuxbatons' champion is," Mcgonagall said loudly, "Janine Hawkins!"
"I didn't."
Joseph nods, still dumb-struck. “What if she sees me?”
"Better than you getting ill. And look," John stroked Sherlock's hair, "your hair's losing its curl. It will be ruined."
“That’s a little bit pathetic, John.”
"Fine, I would buy the latest broom - the Firebolt 100. For quidditch. Happy?"
My roommate, Bill Murray (not the actor. But he did attempt to convince the bartender otherwise to get some free drinks. ‘Attempt’ being the key word) is in a nursing course. He’s the most extroverted extrovert who’s ever extroverted. Loud, always up for a dare. I guess it’s a good thing. At least I won’t be stuck inside all day buried in textbooks and study notes with him around.
"So do I."
"What? I'm sorry, there must be a mistake. We booked - "
His mind diverted to Sherlock, how he wore a shirt and trousers pretty much everywhere, and how Sherlock would inevitably look better than everyone else in his dressrobes, how the outfit would frame and cling and flow away perfectly in the right places. Merlin.
"Holmes, we're going to need you to move." He heard a voice say. Slughorn? Flitwick? He couldn't tell. He reluctantly moved anyway, allowing his fingers to brush against John's wrist with a sense of finality (John's not dead, you idiot, stop it) before standing up. The stretcher floated upwards and was magically carried into the castle, teachers and healers by its side. The audience was watching, students and the few parents leaning out of their seats to look at the source of the drama, and Sherlock wanted to scream at them. John was not a spectacle, a display for people's attention. Couldn't they see how disrespectful that was? John was hurt. John could be...
"Christ, that was amazing. I can't believe you saw all that."
“And if possible,” John continues, stroking the back of Sherlock’s hand with his thumb (Sherlock watches the movement with wide, disbelieving eyes), “I would like to recover as soon as possible so we can go home and I can show you how very much ‘okay’ all of this is. Also, to get you to safety. I imagine whoever it is that paid Mary to kill you won’t stop with that one attempt.”
Mary shook her head. "Not really. You are, I suppose," she looked over to the table in front of her, stared straight at where Sherlock was sitting and, John assumed, watching, "Are you two a couple now?"
Sherlock felt better later that day. He stayed in bed for hours, sipping on water and taking bites out of food Molly smuggled out of the hall, getting up only to pack his trunk and wander aimlessly around the dorm. Soon, the migraine was replaced with boredom and he resorted to making random objects around the room levitate and dance above his head as he stayed lying down. He almost considered leaving the room.
“Don’t think about it, then.” Sherlock shrugs. “It’s not your fault. None of it is. Just think about the case.”
Mary and John sat on the coach, while Sherlock talked to Janine. Mary have John advice. "Keep your mind clear. Don't think about anything. Just focus on one thing - something simple." She said.
"So Moran had you released from the Imperius upon Moriarty's orders, and you collapsed and fell back into your coma. Moriarty talked some more. He said he is working his way up...something. A criminal hierarchy. He's going to be a master criminal, take over."
Mary smiles, tilting her head condescendingly. "I'll make it simple, then. The broadcast that brought you from exile? That was a fake to get my attention and to bring you back from exile at the same time The photographs sent to Sherlock's door? That was me. And a couple of very talented acquaintances for the photography. I've been planning it for ages, trying to find a way of escaping without causing suspicion, then bringing you right to my front door, so to speak. Now, I have what I want."
"Happy Soulmates day, John."
“Yup. In and out of surgery, fighting off an infection. You've been through it all. You’re a lucky man, John Watson.”
Sherlock agreed. John got his coat, discreetly leaving a ten-pound note as a tip to make up for their inconvenience, and walked out of the restaurant with Sherlock in front of him, leading the way.
The man smiled, his flushed face becoming pinker, which delighted John no end. "I'm celebrating," he replied, his voice a low rumble with a clear public-school diction. He was clearly out of John's league, something untouchable whose legs, crossed elegantly, went on for miles. "Three months clean."
“What for?”
John sighs. "Fine, I suppose so. Deal." They reach across the table and shake hands briefly, then Sherlock reaches for his phone in his back pocket.
“You’ve hardly been subtle the last few months - jogging past, always looking into my flat.” Then Sherlock turned to face John, his pale eyes glaring hotly at him. “Tell my brother that he has no right to be spying on me. I’m fine, and so is Victor.”
“No. Have you seen the paper this morning? They’ve published reviews already.”
"Mycroft, I thought I told you to leave me alone." Sherlock kept the violin and bow by his side.
Love,
The next minute, Sherlock was out of his chair, kneeling in front of John’s and kissing him. It was little more than a closed-mouth press of lips, one that lasted mere seconds, but John was still stunned by it, his lips tingling when they broke apart as he stared at Sherlock, who was equally staring back, challenging him to speak.
“Happy Valentines’ day, Sherlock,” John greets him with a smile when Sherlock comes out of his room. Good mood. No nightmares. He’s even cooking breakfast, if the smell of pancakes is any indicator.
Fourth came someone's screams. It could have been Sherlock. He couldn't tell. All he could feel was the sense that he was falling, falling, falling into a pit of helplessness.
"Yes."
But Sherlock must have paused. He must have stopped to breathe long enough. Or maybe it was Mycroft, whose eighteen years of sitting eating cauldron cakes was catching up with him and causing his exhaustion. Whatever it was, the two brothers were overpowered, and they found themselves forced onto their knees with their hands bound behind their back, their wands cast to the side on the floor. Moriarty came and knelt in front of Mycroft, his head tilted patronisingly.
John snorted. "This coming from the man who beats up corpses?"
"Not if I continue like this! As my emotional state becomes more and more compromised as time goes on I am more likely to make a mistake. In fact, I'm fairly sure I've made more mistakes since. So I'm dedicating myself to my work and not allowing any distractions. In fact, this phone call has already taken too long, I really should - "
I haven’t told my family about us yet, and I’d like you to be there when I do. Not just for moral support (though I think I will need it quite a bit). But I also want them to see what an intelligent, brilliant person you are. I’ve told them about you but I feel like words can only tell half the story. You’re a bit indescribable really. In a good way.
"'Only'" John forced out a laugh. "Honestly, I just want to forget all about everything. Just relax. Want a butterbeer at Hogsmeade?"
"You're different, that's all. Clever. It's not a bad thing."
"Victims?" Sherlock emphasised the use of a plural, questioning Mycroft.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock broke eye contact and looked out of the window. "You'd be surprised."
“Sentimental?” Sherlock suggests with a smile. “It’s fine, John. You’re allowed to be, today of all days.”
Sherlock Holmes.
“Then you told me you loved me.” Sherlock’s face instantly drains of blood. John offers a smile, teasing and self-deprecating, to console him. “While I was dying in your arms. Pretty damn romantic, Sherlock Holmes.”
“Right. Sorry.”
"...Apologies."
"Mary was angry with him. With you," Molly filled in. "Maybe it has something to do with her..."
"So you don't find my deductive powers simple and unimpressive?"
They walk down the street until they come to the theatre, a large queue flowing into it, posters for various plays and musicals and shows adorning its walls and windows. Sherlock blinks in surprise at John. "I thought we weren't - "
Sherlock rubs slightly at the mark, with his gloved hand, and when it obstinately refuses to smudge, Sherlock grins, his eyes widening as though on the verge of an epiphany. "Oh," he breathes. "Oh! Brilliant, John." He grabs John's face in both hands and kisses his forehead, so quickly that by the time Sherlock has stood up John is still staring blankly, trying to figure out what the hell just happened. "Now things are getting interesting. Lestrade, did the other victims have any trace of a tattoo on their hand? Who am I kidding, you wouldn't see it, your eyesight's too poor."
John looked where Mary was facing and sighed. Of course Victor was with the PDA couples. "I think I'll join you and Janine, then."
Sherlock
"One weekend I was staying at my aunt's house. My parents were on holiday. One day my Aunt got an owl and when she read the letter she started crying. It turned out that," Mary took a shallow breath, though her facial features were composed and calm, "They died. In a car crash,"
They talk between themselves the entire rehearsal, despite Harry and Irene’s best intentions to stop them. John is, adorably, slightly fearful of Irene’s temper, so much so that for a few minutes he does stay silent to listen to whichever brainless minor character was saying their lines in that particular moment. But Sherlock is nothing if not a corruptive influence, and they soon start chatting again. He stares defiantly back at Irene whenever she interrupts them - is this not why she casted them as these roles? So they could finally meet and start talking? Besides, he can tell she’s never truly angry at them when they talk over the other characters; her temper is a fearsome thing to behold, and easily spotted from a mile away.
“What?” John shouted from the shower.
"Okay. Good."
"What do darts have to do with Russia?"
"Are you... going to respond?"
"That just sounds like it came out of a book."
"Lila Madison. Dead twenty-four hours," Lestrade informs them from the doorway. "She was found by the postman, who saw her body lying there through the window, and called 999 immediately. The door was unlocked and there was no sign of a break in when we found her, so she obviously knew and trusted the murderer enough to let them in. The same goes for the other two victims."
Americano, not American't
"Yeah, but I'm used to having my hands on the other person's waist. I have experience of this, so I should lead."
"Hang on, what?"
"Screw physics. I've been going backwards and forwards in time for years, and I haven't ripped a hole in the space-time continuum yet. I don't think." Sherlock didn't respond, except to sit down on the edge of John's bed, his hands steepled under his chin. John sighed. "Look, as much as I'd love to think about the scientific implications of my family's genetic ability to time travel, Mycroft should be arriving in half an hour."
"We could do that. We were there, we know what to look for - "
This time last year on Valentine’s day, John was planning on asking Sherlock out properly. He decided to quit his job, stop dating, show him that he’s available.
“Yeah, yeah. I probably need it or I’m going to end up being one of those overprotective parents who end up way too invested in their kids lives. You saw how much I was annoying Mrs Hudson. Still, don’t let me have too much fun. It’s not decent.”
John's smile grew. "So. Three months. That must have been difficult."
"For me, every day is Soulmate day with you," John grins, his voice taking on a teasing affliction with the knowledge of the overused and cheesy line, the one paraphrased in countless films and novels and songs. Sherlock rolls his eyes.
Thanks again!
He then got the bow from the case then started to play. At first he played the classics off the top of his head: Mozart, Handel, Beethoven. But the cogs were still whirring in his head and when he shut his eyes, trying to appreciate the flowing patterns of notes as they were fed into his ears, he still only saw Mary kissing John, John kissing back and his position in John's life becoming smaller and smaller. So he started improvising; he began with long, melancholy notes which ran smoothly into one another. The tune grew, and soon he added turns and trills which echoed throughout the dorm. He closed his eyes again. This time there was nothing except the piece slowly unfolding in his mind.
He carded his fingers through Sherlock’s hair, exhaled softly, as Sherlock preened at the touch. He was distantly aware of himself shaking, his heart beating so hard he was sure John could feel it as strongly as his own. “So where were you? Some exciting case or other?”
Sherlock didn't reply.
Not to mention the small, everyday things: seeing Sherlock curled up on the sofa sleeping, his curls falling in front of his face, or accidentally walking in on him coming out of the shower in the shared bathroom, or when Sherlock would get up each morning, yawning and scratching the back of his head, undeniably human.
The man eventually leaves his seat to go to the loo (proof that he is somewhat human and not some ethereal creature who runs on espresso and goes without normal bodily functions) and John lets his curiosity get the better of him. He makes his way over under the pretence of a refill and looks inside the notebook, left open on a page full of scribbled writing.
"I'm sorry."
"Wait, he is?" John glances over his shoulder at the boy in question, and Sherlock kicks him. "Ow! What was that for?"
"Oh?"
"No. I'd like it." John's smile widened. Then he continued walking again, "but I hope I have more of a role than just publicity."
“No, I did. I do. But I didn’t mean to say it in the middle of a rant about my parents.”
Thank you for sending your x ray, though. It was incredibly fascinating and helpful so I could practice my deductions. I imagine that if I do take up a career as a consulting detective - that is the name I have given it. Much better than 'helping detective', don't you think? - I'd have to examine all kinds of injuries. In terms of what I could deduce about you:
That's not necessarily true, the small optimistic voice in his head said.
Sherlock eyed the envelope suspiciously, then took it from Mycroft's fingers. He studied both sides suspiciously. On the one side was a red wax seal of a magpie, on the other was distinctly masculine writing of his name in black ink.
“Two pounds ten?!” Sherlock splutters while John cackles, the flirtatious atmosphere broken. “That’s the full price!”
"Go away, Mycroft."
Write back soon. I hope I didn't overwhelm you with questions.
Mycroft exhaled - somewhere between a sigh and a huff - and approached Sherlock. "What do you think you're doing here?" He kept his voice at a harsh whisper
“Not at all.” Molly smiles excitedly, clutching her phone in her hand like a lifeline. “I’ll text you when I’m free.”
“Ha, stop that. I’m not in the mood.”
"Nice of you two to join us - Mr Holmes, Watson." Mcgonagall said with a sardonic tone. "If you two could please straighten yourselves out and at least try and behave civilly to our guests - that means you, Holmes," Sherlock scowled discreetly, "then maybe I will let you off detention."
“Oh no, what a tragedy that will be. Me, getting kicked out of a play I’m not interested in - “
"Good. I hate it when I'm wrong."
"Catch. You. Later."
My mum says that she and my dad went to the beach when they first met, but sadly there aren't any beaches in London. What about sightseeing? Or would you get bored staring at a sunset from the London Eye, or staring at statues at Madame Tussauds? There are museums we could go to. There's the natural history museum or the V+A museum - those are popular choices. Or there's a walnut museum if you're into that sort of thing. Please don't be into that sort of thing.
"We started using the term boyfriend on June 23rd, but I suppose technically we confessed to romantic feelings towards one another a little before that. And we kissed - "
Sherlock’s eyes widen in surprise, a small grin growing. “This is going to be a rather long night. Not particularly productive if you want me to sleep.”
Harry grabs his wrist before John turns away. "So are you going to do it then? Tell mum and dad?" She whispers, her eyes wide.
"So you're - "
I promise some form of plot will be coming very soon.
On the day he moves in, John and Sherlock carry up boxes from the delivery van up to 221b. Thankfully, there are only a couple so the trips up and down the stairs are kept to a minimum: John’s clothes, Rosie’s things, including her cot and clothes and toys, and a few essentials he knows Sherlock never remembers to buy, like bleach and kitchen towel.
The crime scene looks exactly like John expects from spending all those days watching crap daytime detective shows, waiting for his shifts to start and the remnants of his nightmares to end.
"Wow. Okay, then," He giggles. "Is this my life now? Breaking the law and catching thieves while doing it?"
"With my tenant, Sherlock Holmes. At 221b," she explains, reassuring him that he is at the right building.
A snort. “Oh, please.”
"Can I finish?" Sherlock pressed his lips together in frustration. Janine nodded. "Thank you. One scenario is that you and Victor take a liking to each other and continue to live happily ever after with John out of the picture, no more than a friend. The other option is that John gets jealous and realises his undying love for you - "
Sherlock makes a show of considering it, pursing his lips as he tilted his head, then smiles back. "I would be delighted."
"Hi. I - I found your number in the phone book. And I thought I could... So yeah. Here I am."
John scoffs. "Oh
“Just a couple of things I’ve collected over the years. Cases, photos and the like.” John scoots over next to Sherlock so he can look at it over his shoulder. “Nowadays I’m doing the obnoxious parent thing of taking a picture of my kid every five minutes for it.”
John zooms into the grainy picture on screen. The woman is at an angle, her face covered by glasses, with her hair dark and at shoulder length. He zooms in further and his stomach flips. The hair may be different, but the nose, the mouth, the chin are all distinctively recognisable. He only needs to look at his daughter for reference.
"You know what I mean. I've seen you. John is your only friend, and soon he'll be going out with her, Mary will be gone back to France once the tournament is over, and all his attention will be diverted. You'll want someone to talk to. Think of this as... An act of charity."
“...Yes. I do.”
“Right. Finally,” Harry says calmly, though John swears he can hear a smirk in her voice. “Let’s start - Greg, it’s your monologue. Act 1, scene 1.”
"I don't know, but Slughorn told me the potion was perfect, so maybe an O? I don't know. Honestly I'm just so relieved it's over."
John: That’s literally the dream
"I heard." He didn't.
"And that makes killing people morally acceptable?"
"No you didn't," Sherlock chuckles, standing up. "Come on, let's stretch our legs. That hiding place is murder on the knees."
“What about that Victor guy of yours? Does he know?”
"Looking around. The quidditch field has been temporarily converted into a stadium. I haven't seen much but I have heard some animals: three of them, different species. I identified them as a Kappa, some kind of dragon and an Occamy. My guess is that you will be asked to pick a creature out of a hat and then expected to fight it. I hope for your sake that it's the Kappa. It's the least dangerous and easiest to defeat."
He ran out of his seat and down the stairs to the stretcher John was being placed in, pushing past whoever had tried to stop him. He heard himself gasping out John's name as he knelt on the ground next to him, hoping those closed eyes would open and give some sign, any sign, that the blood staining Karlssen and the stretcher, was unneeded, unlethal. John's eyes - those beautiful, dark blue eyes that Sherlock swore held entire galaxies - were closed, and Sherlock felt panic rise in his throat. He grabbed John's wrist and felt for a pulse, squeezing slightly too hard and sobbed out a sigh of relief when he found one, though it was too soft and too fast for it to be a complete source of comfort.
"Well you're hardly in enough control of your emotional faculties to be giving yourself advice. Look at you: you haven't stopped crying since I got here."
“Well, for one, you could end up having a case.”
"Rita Skeeter. She is a novelist, but she used to be a journalist. Surely you have all heard of her."
“Only if you do the same. You know, every night for the last three nights I’ve dreamt of you.”
John hums, stays silent for a moment, before finally deciding, “it’s melancholy, I’d say. Dull and drains your energy, a little. But certainly something I’m used to at this point.” John gives a rueful smile. “Thousands of years in thousands of hospitals and thousands of wars. I’m no stranger to death.”
John chuckles, making Sherlock grin softly. “It’s still… a lot. A lot of getting up at night - she is getting better, though, mind you. - Paying for the house and groceries with half the number of paychecks than before. I mean - who knows where she’s gone or for how long?”
John pulled his wand out of his pocket and shouted, "Expelliamus!" causing the Milverssen to fly back away from him and land in a heap in the sand, only to stand back up again with an even bigger grin, exposing sharp yellow canines.
You were there for the nightmares! You still are. Are those in the past, Mary?" She doesn't respond, but her face betrays... something. Regret, perhaps. Or worry. For the sheer satisfaction of hoping to get a response, of hoping to break the cool mask, he adds with a bitter hiss as he stands up, "besides, these photos, these
He reached the doors to the infirmary then checked his watch. 11:58. Good timing. He pressed the door with his hand, and as expected, it opened without resistance. If Madam Pomfrey had locked the doors at one point, it certainly wasn't now. He cautiously entered the room, the door groaning excruciatingly as he entered. The room was lighted gloomily with a couple of lamps and the streams of moonlight coming through the large windows. His heart hammering away at his chest, Sherlock put away his wand into his trouser pocket and turned towards John's bed. For reassurance. Except, the bed was empty. Sherlock's breath caught in his throat, cursing his own stupidity. What else should he expect from being told that John's attacker would be in the infirmary?
While Sherlock launches into an explanation of how he solved the case, the others listen in awe, all attention focused on him, butting in occasionally with questions. Slowly, he relaxes, his posture becoming less tense and his eyes becoming less defensive. He grins as he came to the climax of his story, when all became revealed, and the audience responds with appropriate enthusiasm. John can do nothing except grin up at him, besotted and proud.
“Worth what?”
I suppose, in retrospect, I didn’t factor in the fact that we’re writing to each other and that we haven’t actually met in real life. It’s very easy to distance yourself from the person on the other side of the journal when you’re reading their words in your own voice. People I know in real life at best tolerate me, normally for the sake of copying my work in lessons. Besides, I haven’t deduced you properly yet, as I haven’t seen you in person, and that generally seems to put people off. Something about ‘respecting privacy’ and ‘minding your own business’. It’s not my fault everyone is incredibly obvious.
"Sherlock. It's John. I'm here. Can't you hear me?" He grabbed his shoulder shook him lightly. "Oh Sherlock." The dark haired man looked awful. He was burning up, his face pale and beaded with sweat his curls plastered to his forehead. His defined features looking hollow and dark, losing their natural beauty in the depth of the drug.
Sherlock strokes him through it, then plants his hand back on the bed and begins to pound into John in earnest. John drifts for a long moment, overwhelmed by sensation, then becomes dimly aware that Sherlock’s movements are starting to feel somewhat desperate. He reaches up and grips Sherlock’s neck.
He’s not sure he’s going to reach the point where he’ll have to do something about it right here, even though he’s certain Irene wouldn’t care and might not even notice; she hasn’t looked back at him once since she started.
John starts to whisper “Okay, what should we…” but Sherlock flat out yells: “
* * * * *
The baby isn’t his.
Three months.
He sighs, picks it up, and unwraps the paper.
“Pretty accurate assessment.”
“Sorry?” John replies, pulling his jeans up over his hips.
Sherlock finally looked up and stared back at John’s expression of confusion. “You just said you wanted to make it up to me. Bring me a heart.”
Then he feels Sherlock’s tongue lapping at the water trail.
He starts to work on the right arm. This time, as it lowers, he extracts the piece of red silk from between Sherlock's hand and the cuff, and slips it into his pocket.
“Good,” Sherlock says, a grin ghosting over his mouth. He lowers his head back to John’s chest, laying kisses slowly down to his belly, and without looking up, reaches a hand to the table next to the bed, blindly finding the bottle of lube.
“It’s the most logical deduction.”
John watches Sherlock, tense and wired, and waits for his breathing to even out. He is unsure how much longer he’s supposed to do this, how much farther he’s supposed to push him.
So Sherlock moves his hands to John’s waist and pulls down as he thrusts up his hips, grinding their erections together.
The only thing that looks rather ridiculously out of place is the large open metal cage at the far right end. The cage has three walls, each about a foot in from the walls of the room itself, and a ceiling about a foot lower than the room’s ceiling. There is an assortment of carabiner clips, loops of leather and rope, and adjustable bars attached at seemingly random points around the cage, and there are various gears and a small wheel at the edge of the cage wall nearest the armoire.
Sherlock swallows and looks down at the richly textured pattern, then back at John, still dumbfounded.
Sherlock shrugs. “It’s herbal. You can go back to sleep.”
The motions Mycroft makes when he gets home every night almost never vary.
, probably means he doesn’t want to talk about it.
“No. Look at me,” John demands sharply. Sherlock complies, and his expression is dark, heavy-lidded.
“And…” Sherlock knits his brows together. “Don't let me…” He fidgets, breathes, closes his eyes. “Not tonight.”
“And so you shall have it,” he finally says, in a voice quite intentionally deep.
“All right. I’m going to get your ankles now.” John lets his hand drift up to cup Sherlock’s shoulder as he reaches around to unbuckle one ankle, then the other. He feels compelled to make sure he doesn’t break physical contact, not even for a second. He trails his hand across Sherlock’s back as he shifts from his knees to sit properly on the floor in front of him. “That’s it, you’re completely unhooked. I’m going to slip the blindfold off now, okay?” Again Sherlock nods. He’s still breathing heavily as he reaches up to wipe at his wet mouth with the back of his hand. John moves his own hands up to Sherlock’s neck, and continues one up around his cheek to push the blindfold back and off.
* * * * *
mind. He kept that desire as his focus, his singular purpose. He kept moving, ignoring his own need just until he felt Sherlock’s muscles lock and watched his head snap back and heard a shuddered groan and felt the warm slickness between their bodies and yes, yes,
John continues the simple, familiar melody, albeit haltingly and a bit off pitch. He’s clearly a beginner, hitting an entirely wrong note now and then, playing eighth notes at the same speed as every other note, running out of bow during some stretches. But he corrects himself when he can and eventually makes it all the way through the song, finishing with a long, clear final D.
* * * * *
* * * * *
“Nothing wrong with ice cream for dinner every once in a while, and I promise the presentation will be quite original. Also I’ve often wondered about the melting point of viscous liquids exposed to direct body heat…”
Sherlock blinks at him, slowly, three times, inhales thoughtfully, and replies, “What was the question?”
For once, he runs out of words, and they stand there, in silence, for a solid minute. It’s freezing, but neither notices.
“Do… not… come,” John whispers, mouthing at his ear once more. “Do you hear me? No matter what I do to you tonight, don’t you dare come.” He shifts back up to a sitting position and looks down at his prey. “Are you done fighting me?”
Then, his hand moves slowly over John’s waist.
John sits, at first perching on the edge, then sitting back, so self-conscious that his body doesn’t feel like it belongs to him right now. Irene sits easily beside him, turning to him and leaning forward, resting her elbows on her knees and letting the riding crop dangle casually from where it is looped over her hand. She smiles warmly.
Their kisses are now all tongues and heat and sheer need, as palpable now as it was the first time they ever did this. John moves down to suck at Sherlock’s neck as he ghosts his fingertips down along Sherlock’s straining ribcage, and laughs when he feels a groan vibrate right where his mouth is pressed. He sits up and shifts back to draw his hands down over Sherlock’s thighs, catching the waistband of his pants and pyjama bottoms, pulling them down as Sherlock brings his knees up one a time to help shuck them off.
are here to get your mouth on my cock as quickly as you can. Get on with it. And you can keep your hands behind your back from now on.” John releases his grip with a shove.
He’s angry. He’s so angry, at Sherlock, yes, but more at himself, and he’s trying not to think about that and maybe all he wants to do in this moment is erase the last two weeks. Or the last four months. Or the last two years.
So he climbed the stairs with his absurdly large paper bag containing five boxes of portents of nothing less than weekly doom.
John gives a short, sharp, humorless laugh. “You realize it, do you? Well done. Very observant. You’re a goddamned genius, all right.”
He closes his eyes. Sherlock watches him fall asleep, and finishes his tea, and goes back to bed.
Sherlock is right, as usual, and John’s unease wears off quickly, mostly due to oversaturation; when 93 different kinds of dildos are on display, they tend to lose their shock value.
Sherlock, clearly taken by surprise, has to shuffle forward a bit to keep from falling over. He slowly returns to his default position, back on his heels, his demeanor betraying his confusion and some disappointment, which makes John feel a bit smug, if he’s being honest with himself. Denying Sherlock feels quite good at the moment.
Sherlock stretches his jaw open and closed as John sets everything on the bench. He turns back to take Sherlock’s face in his hands, gently rubbing the joints with his thumbs, then leans in and kisses him as tenderly as he ever has. Sherlock’s mouth doesn’t work quite right yet, but neither of them care.
He decided to start with a simple, “Look, I’m really sorry.”
That’s not why. That can’t be why. Knowing John is out there, asleep, is not why he is in here, not asleep.
Sherlock looks at John for a long moment, opens his mouth and breathes in like he is going to say something. But he just burrows his head into John’s shoulder, and exhales.
“He does, but he’ll be gagged, eventually. Probably sooner rather than later, unless he's changed his ways. At that point I’ll put a small piece of silk in his hand, which he’ll be able to drop if he needs to.”
Two months. No word from Sherlock, or evidence that he’s been to the flat.
“You will,” John whispered back. Another kiss, a longer one this time, until he felt something shift.
Sherlock’s response is equally calm, and an unspoken understanding passes between them.
Sherlock’s mouth opens and closes as though he means to protest, then decides not to. He presses his lips together for another moment. A gleam appears in his eye.
When she is directly behind Sherlock, Irene is more or less out of John’s line of sight, and then Sherlock inhales sharply. A few moments pass where John can guess what it is she’s doing. He tamps down a jealous pang.
The car pulls up to an externally unremarkable row house. Sherlock doesn’t wait for the chauffeur but pulls the car door open himself and bounds out, and John is almost relieved to see a sign that Sherlock might be a little nervous as well. John slides over and exits after him, taking deep breaths as they climb the stairs to the door.
“What? Soundproofing? We’re… I mean, Sherlock’s going to use it... as a lab.”
“Fuck, this is awful,” John says, his voice a bit gravelly from their nap. “The last time I was this hot I was in the desert in full combat gear, not starkers on a bed in London.” He continues to move the glass around his torso, leaving trails of condensation mixed with the sheen of sweat on his skin. He tips up his head to take another drink, then balances the glass on his forehead again and closes his eyes.
Sherlock hands gripped onto John's shoulders to prevent his knees from buckling weakly against him. John's hand was in his hair, tugging lightly and Sherlock couldn't help the gasps which resulted from John's actions on his sensitive scalp. Then Sherlock bit down on John's lower lip - experimental - and the noise John made travelled straight down to the bottom of Sherlock's belly.
“Mike, can I borrow your phone?”
"Where were you then?" John hadn't meant to sound accusing, but Sherlock winced nonetheless, so John breathed out slowly and apologised. "Can we just start simple? Did you eat while you were gone?" John's eyes traced Sherlock's face - Sherlock knew that his cheekbones were now ever more prominent, the dark bags swollen under his eyes, the pale skin that had, since John last saw him, grown ashen and dry. Sherlock felt his face heat up guiltily. "My mother got me to eat sometimes."
"I don't need to. That's your business. Any kind of addiction is difficult to move away from."
"I'll be the first."
“I think it will have to warrant many days off.Either that or I become one of those parents who never sees their kid again because they’re working all the time, just giving the child to whatever nanny or relative or family friend is available then only turning up for birthdays. Christ, she’ll resent me for the rest of her life.”
Other than that, above average intelligence seems a pretty accurate description to say the least. I don't know how you worked all that out and honestly I'm curious to know how. That was amazing. I can't imagine what your more intelligent older brother must be  like or what he would be able to see about me.
"I know."
"Oh?" John allowed himself to grin weakly.
Either way, it managed to turn out… surprisingly okay.
"What is?"
The hand currently still clasped lightly around John’s wrist, fingers at his pulse point answer,
"Hey, my sister's a trumpet player."
“That’s generally what I meant.”
Moriarty cackled. "How adorable. You were right, Sherlock, by the way. There was no point in sparing a potential witness. Madam Pomfrey, was it?" Before the information could properly sink in, the criminal mastermind then flicked his wand, shooting out a spell wordlessly, which Mycroft barely blocked in time. The man grinned. "Very good! But you can't be allowed to continue. You just can't."
Dear Sherlock,
"Right. Okay." John said faintly.
"...I forgot the answer to a question last week."
"Hello, boys!" Sherlock's breath caught in his throat and he felt the blood drain from his face. He turned towards Moriarty, who showed no sign of ever leaving in the first place. "Goodness. Two Holmes brothers for the price of one! Mycroft!" Moriarty smiled. "I have been watching you too. Just a tad."
"Ha! Like you two were any better. Like anyone was any better! Sherlock and I want to go out. That's the whole point!"
“Oh, I don’t know," he snaps, suddenly frustrated that Sherlock is refusing to believe his judgement. "Maybe because you’re Sherlock Holmes? Internationally renowned and revered detective? Because you’re the smartest man in every room you walk into? Because despite the fact that you're acting like a huge cock right now, people actually need your help! And at the moment, you need my help, so if you could get your head out of your arse and let me help you, that would be -” His rant cuts off half way when Sherlock - or maybe John, it’s all so much of a blur - crashes their mouths together.
He smiles. “Of course. I did say -  “ he cuts himself off with a coughing fit that has Sherlock jumping out of his chair to fetch a glass and jug of water from the bedside table. John holds back the urge to gulp down the entire thing in one go; slow sips, softly, gently. “I did say I would be, remember?”
The hours crept pitifully slowly throughout the day. Sherlock was forced to attend lessons, with lips pressed together and meaningless apologies as teachers stopped Sherlock in his tracks from escaping to the infirmary. Or his dorm. Whichever could offer him comfort.
But then came Cassandra.
It would seem obvious if I was to explain the reasoning behind my deductions. A magician never reveals their tricks for a reason, as the audience would find it incredibly simple and unimpressive, and
“You made me run across half of it just now, I know how big it is.” Sherlock laughs quietly, trying to keep silent as they wait for their suspect. “Seriously, though I was never this out of breath five years ago.” They never stood this close to each other five years ago either, but John puts this thought aside
Irene: Or that I was going to say anything. Can’t a girl compliment her friend without an agenda or ulterior motive?
"This is a recent invention of the Ministry of Magic's - using Muggle genetic modification techniques to blend together a regular reptile, a Boggart and an Acromantula to produce this: Araneae cogitatione legendis. Or, to give it its common name: the Milverssen."
"What about your friends? Haven't you already arranged to go and see them."
Sherlock whined, 'No', turning over with his back facing John and curling up stubbornly into a ball underneath the covers, heat be damned.  "This is completely unfair."
John moves in the next day.
John chuckled, crawling lower down Sherlock’s body, pressing an open-mouthed kiss to every place the criminal had punched him, kicked him, slammed him into a wall, the painful memories fading more and more with every brush of his lips and ghost of his tongue. In the back of his mind, he was vaguely aware of the cold metal John’s dog tags against his skin, sending a thrilling chill down his spine. John was right; it did do it for him. “I don’t need convincing, y’know,” John murmured. “I’m back home on leave. We haven’t seen each other in the better part of the year. Just being in the same room as you is enough.”
"It was awful. The police wouldn't let me cooperate." Sherlock complained, and John suppressed a bark of laughter, "They haven't caught the murderer yet. But, then, the murders stopped in late August and there haven't been any since."
"I know - I know. But I promise everything will be explained the moment the nurse says you're in a stable enough condition to hear it. Now, how about some chocolate frogs, eh?"
Sherlock: What?!
“So that’s why you’ve barely been talking to anyone?” He raised an eyebrow.
Dear Sherlock
Please assume that from now on any conversation involving Janine is in French.
“Not good,” the other surgeon responds, a young woman soon to be engaged, if the nails are anything to go by. “Bullet’s wedged right in there. I think we should get -”
“Mmh. Good choice.”
"Me too."
"God, no. This is a read through of your CV. I'd like to recruit you."
“Monday.”
"Anyway, moving on," John cuts in quickly. Obsessed is a bit much, isn't it? "This is Amy and Samantha, they're soulmates, Liam and Rebecca, they're soulmates too. And there's Robert. Whose soulmate isn't here."
“I know,” Harry sniffed. “Back to the drawing boards, I guess. There’ll probably be five, six more performances. Fuck, what am I going to do? I can’t live off my wife’s money my whole life. Shit, we’ll have to sell the house, won’t we?”
"No. No secrets." John shook his head, ignoring the doubtful voice in his head. "This will probably be a very dull round, actually. At least for my go, anyway."
Sherlock is barefoot and pacing, slowly, deliberately, his gaze focused on the smooth hardwood floor. He is wearing John’s now-favorite outfit, the black jeans and black t-shirt.
Sherlock lifts off the backs of his heels until he is kneeling straight up. His eyes don’t leave the floor as he loosens his t-shirt from the waistband of his jeans, then reaches back and pulls it forward over his head. He extricates his arms and drops the shirt to the floor next to him, then sits back again.
“You need to try harder. One more thing to help you focus, I think.” She moves to the wheel and raises the ceiling just another inch. He looks up at the lengthening of his arms, though they are still only on the cusp of being strained in any real way, then settles his gaze to the floor.
“Very nice,” Irene purrs, drawing the crop lightly over Sherlock’s torso, then over his back, as she continues to circle him. “Someone’s been feeding you. You’ve filled out a little since I saw you last. I like it. Stand up.”
* * * * *
So he’s trying to leave the flat at 5:15am and of course it’s raining and as he moves into the living room to grab his laptop from the desk he’s calculating how long it will take him to get a cab and he stops because there’s John again, on the couch, asleep, in very nearly the exact same position.
John leans over Sherlock’s middle and gazes down at him. “Okay?” he asks simply. He wants to give Sherlock a chance to stop him if he isn’t ready, but Sherlock exhales his assent, his eyes closing as he lets his head drop back to the floor. John mouths at a hipbone. “Don’t think, love. Don’t think about anything, just feel me.”
“Not really,” John admits.
In the next three seconds, John does several rather unexpected things. First he lunges up, easily breaking free of Sherlock’s grip, which had relaxed during the detective’s moment of distraction. John rolls them over, reversing their positions, and quickly captures one of Sherlock’s wrists.
“What the
“Don’t worry. This kind of thing isn’t for him, so you can get
He closes his own eyes in the hopes that he can somehow divine the source. He knows if he looks frantically about the club, he’ll never find it. He wants to be able to open his eyes and look in the precisely correct direction, so he can know for sure.
John sighed and looked at him a moment longer, then, without turning away, shouted “Mrs Hudson!” A few moments later they heard her door open, followed by the sounds of a tray being carried up the stairs.
“Sherlock,” he called, but it came out a whisper, besides which he only got as far as “Sherlo…” before the rest was lost to a dry heave.
John looked up at him, his eyebrows pulling together, not quite there yet.
She alternates between running it along his cock and leaving it vibrating at the base, back and forth, over and over. Occasionally she'll switch it off, let him just get his bearings, then switch it back on and start again.
Some nights, though.
John lets him catch his breath for just a second before hitting the button again. He turns it off quite quickly, then waits a beat, turns it on for another two full seconds, then off. He waits six seconds, turns it on for three, turns it off. He continues in an irregular rhythm, watching Sherlock twist his head back and forth, then lift it up off the pillow, then back down. He’s jerking his ankles and wrists away from each other but the restraints hold tight, causing his knees to splay out as his body struggles to find some way to absorb the stimulation.
They need to look at each other, to do this part.
“We’re not okay,” John says, finally.
“It felt like I was being punished,” Sherlock says quietly.
“What’s this?”
“It helps. I can... ignore the endless deductions, the constant mapping of connections and evaluating conclusions. It all… just… stops. It’s the only time it ever does. Someone telling me what to do, restricting my movement, relieves me of making decisions. The pain creates an environment where everything becomes white noise. And the denial, the fight to stay in control, to stave off release, takes so much concentration, so much focus, nothing else can get in.”
Christ, it had been a long day. As much as he hated to admit it, Lestrade was not a young man anymore, and he simply could not run after bad guys like he used to. He had made a good showing, he thought, before barking at a couple of constables to pick up the pace and get after the suspect. He had ducked into an alley, shouting “I’ll try to head him off,” but actually stood bent over, hands on his knees, for two entire minutes, trying to catch his breath.
“What do you mean?”
A small one, a bare blue bulb, just in the upper corner of their bedroom, behind the door.
slamming things almost makes him angrier.
Now Sherlock laughs outright. “With what? Is your clarinet around here somewhere?”
“Yes,” John says quietly. He grins and looks up. “I mean, I’m not going to wear the outfit, but…”
Sherlock is stretched out on the sofa, reading a medical journal. He tilts his head back to look upside down at John, standing in the doorway. “What are you talking about?”
John straightens back up, and his pace gets more frenetic and uneven. He grips Sherlock’s hip with one hand while the other threads up the back of Sherlock’s neck, closes tightly around unruly curls, and yanks his head up. With his throat extended, Sherlock can’t hide the grunted exhales matching John’s thrusts, and the raw, shameless sounds send John careening mindlessly over the edge.
Then, John takes one step forward, closing the distance and forcing Sherlock’s head back, limiting his range of motion. His cock was now half buried in Sherlock’s mouth, and at this angle, with John so close, Sherlock could not move his head back far enough to pull off of it, even if he wanted to.
“Let’s go home,” he says, when they finally separate.
“Nope, not suspicious at all,” John said, picking his newspaper back up and shaking it open. “Look, just let me know if we’re going to be on the news later, okay? I have a Christmas tree jumper I’ll need to put on.”
John looks down at Sherlock, and a wave of concern passes visibly over his face.
“Irene Adler, this is Doctor John Watson,” Sherlock says.
John wants to do most of the shopping online, which is how he had acquired the few things they had already, but Sherlock rolls his eyes and hails a cab.
“I thought I would add a few decorations here and there,” she says, but her voice is uncertain as she looks around the room like she’s never seen it before.
John stares at her a second, the words not quite registering. “What do you mean, ‘gone’?”
John shuts off the vibrator. “What was that? I couldn’t hear you over this,” and turns it back on again, letting almost five full seconds pass before he turns it off. Sherlock’s cock is now rock hard and straight up against his stomach, and his torso is bowed almost completely off the bed.
The mugs of tea were left abandoned beside the armchairs, undrunk and turning cold.
"Oh, shit." John wipes his face quickly and takes a steadying breath, not out of embarrassment, but he is slightly self-conscious of the fact this is the first time he has cried in Sherlock's presence. "I'll just pop out for a bit. Need to rehydrate, probably. Are you alright holding her until I come back in or Mary wakes up?"
"I'm only a year younger than you!"
“Don’t trouble yourself, dear. I’m just happy you’re back here for me to take care of.” John gives a weak smile in echo of Mrs Hudson’s as she sorts through the fridge, thankfully free of decaying body parts. The smell of frying egg and bacon (for Sherlock) and vegetarian sausage (for John) fills the flat causing John’s stomach to rumble in appreciation. Sherlock simply moans and turns his face so it’s pressed against the back of the sofa.
“I don’t care. Eat your food, then go downstairs and thank Mrs Hudson for cooking for us.”
"When will that be?"
I just wanted to say a belated thank you for everyone still reading this. Just so you know, updates will be starting to get slower. I'm not sure I'll get the next update in before December but I'll try.
"No, I - I did this just for me. Just so I can get my fix of adrenaline. And for the ten thousand galleon prize." John answered.
"Of course. But you'll have to compromise on remaining fully clothed and in your chair, for a little while."
"So you did." Mycroft came to sit down on the trunk at the end of Sherlock's bed. Sherlock could have laughed and said something about Mycroft's inability to be active for more than thirty seconds. He wasn't in the mood for laughing.
Just been out, like I said earlier. It was - well, I’m sure it’s your personal idea of hell; crowded clubs full of drunk students and loud music that isn’t Chopin. Even now, I still don’t know if
