Sometimes you just need to be sat down and have things spelled out for you.
Love Cut short.
"Why do you feel like an outsider, Steve?" Tony asked in a soft tone. Steve was taken back by the usage of his name. He floundered for a moment. Tony was asking him to explain why he felt like an outsider? That made no sense. Tony couldn't see it for himself? Was this some kind of torture technique.
"I am not scared. I am just trying to help." Tony said, pushing back against Steve's chest. Steve pulled back, making Tony's elbows collapse into his chest.
That had been a week ago. Now Steve was standing in the kitchen, making a sandwich for himself, wondering how he could repay Tony for all his kindness. Though he wasn't even sure if Tony would even want that. Bruce and Natasha had said to just let Tony do what he needs to do and to not rebuke him when he is trying to do something nice. Steve looked up as Bruce walked into the kitchen, looking worse for ware.
When they arrived at the compound, Tony felt even better because of the number of sentinels and bonded pairs that were there. The Society of Enhanced Humans had set up this compound right after he declared that he would not be able to find a sentinel. It was set up in a way that the bonded pairs orbited each other and the unbound sentinels shielded him at much as they could. Since any sentinel had to be of a higher caliber to even be assigned to the compound, the combined effort worked well.
"All I ask in return is that the first person you do this for is Captain America. Steve is on the verge of breaking down. He was already there when he came out of the ice. Now he is even closer to insanity after using those cuffs for as long as he did. He needs a Bond Mate. He needs to have a perfect match. I was unable to upload his aura into the system, so you will have to go to him for it. But that is all I ask." Tony said in a sincere tone. Pep's eyes softened as she stepped to him and kissed his cheek. She pulled back and smiled before she brought the tablet up and clicked a button. Tony tensed as she took a sample of his aura. She gave him a small smile.
"Stark set aside an entire floor for each member of the Avengers. You included. It's hard to tell you that when you jump on a motorcycle and ride off into the sunset, Captain." Her voice was even, professional.
"Is this like your dream Tony? Hmm?" Steve asked, pushing and pulling his finger in and out of Tony's willing form. The brunette nodded, biting his bottom lip as one of those hand snaked into the soft blond hair on the nape of Steve's neck. Steve grinned a bit before pushing the second one into Tony, who let out another throaty moan. Steve bent his finger, pushing against that spot he knew was there. He never missed. Tony's inner walls gripped his fingers tightly as the other man yelped and panted. Steve pushed those fingers deeper into Tony, pausing before adapting a strong and deep pace.
There was something to be said about being in the tower, surrounded by Super Heroes. No Privacy what so ever. Tony hadn't even gotten the chance to wake up before he was hustled into one of the lower level floors with a single cup of coffee. He was on his second cup when he finally figured out what was going on. Bruce was talking to JARVIS, who was scanning him over. Tony continued to drink as the blue and green light moved up and down his body.
Jet looked up at Zac, who's face turned bright red as Steve slowly retracted his hand from Jet's chest. Zac frowned and walked to Jet, laying a hand on his shoulder.
"Tony, tomorrow, you, Bruce and Jarvis need to figure out what is going on with…whatever you have going on." Steve said, sounding stern and serious. Tony felt his lips twitch.
"Yes, You could...can go for days working and once you got a meal in you...you would doze. Because like food, sleep was forgotten in the haze of your desire to complete your creations." The whispered moved through the air. The spell was broken for a moment as Jet's eyes moved from the the rim of his coffee cup up to Steve's face. The man was looking at him like he was the most precious thing in the world. Jet felt his throat tighten a bit.
"Right" Tony said, finding his gaze captured by Steve's. They remained that way before a small…smirk appeared on Steve's lips.
"Nice outfit Cap, looks like that was in the ice with you." Stark said with a sneer. Steve stiffened before a dark glare settled over his features. He hated how shallow Stark was. Stark wasn’t hero, he was a bully. He wasn't a team player, he was just a cocky son of a bitch who only wanted fulfill his own needs instead of the needs of the team. But ultimate he hated how Stark’s mere presence made him feel even more displaced. He was already a Man out of Time, he didn't need the Man of this Time to make him feel more like an outsider.
"I wish I could hear nothing." He muttered.
"I got a razor you can borrow, since it looks like you brought nothing with you. And an extra tooth brush as well." Zac said, stuffing his hands into his pockets. Jet gave him a polite smile.
Darkness
Tony felt a sickness settle in his stomach as he realized what he had to do. It was funny that it would come down to this again. He tried so hard to be the selfish and arrogant man he portrayed to the world, but he could not. He just could not be that person. It was a great cover, but at the end of the day he was too selfless to be that way. He had finally got together a family that he could call his own. People who understood him. People who cared about him. He could not let them die like this. He thought of Pepper, in the middle of her first trimester. Glowing and radiant. He thought of the joy the entire team felt when she announced it. The look on Natasha's face was pure and unadulterated pride. They both had decided to have kids. They both wanted it.
"Nice meeting you Zac. Sorry I was trying to remember something. I kinda have amnesia. I remember by name and how to fix cars, but that is about it." He said in an apologetic tone. This man was drawing him in. Did he know him? Did they have a relationship? His heart felt like it was fluttering in his chest. There was definitely something about this man. Yet his mind was reminding him that the blue was all wrong. He didn't care at this point. He liked how familiar the man seemed. Yet he was still a stranger. Still someone he did not know. There was still that strange sense of uneasiness.
(See the end of the chapter for
"I...Yeah. I will try to not think about it now. But, I can understand why they came...why did you come?" He asked, hating how timid he sounded. He couldn't help but be unsure with the man. It was like he was fifteen year old high school girl with a crush. He shifted in his chair, taking Steve in. The man was wearing plain clothes. A white shirt and a pair of jeans, yet to Jet he was exuding sex appeal from his every pore. He finished the coffee in his second cup before standing up and tossing it in the trash. When he turned around, Steve was standing right there. He jumped a bit. He looked up at Steve confused for a moment before he felt something touch him. He looked down and noticed that Steve's fingers were brushing lightly over the bruises on his arms. Jet wanted to yanked back, but was hypnotized by how caring Steve looked. The man shifted his touch to reach around and place his hand over the bruise on his wrist. His hand nearly completely covered the bruise. Steve's brow knitted together before he brought his eyes up to Jet's. Jet felt his breath leave him. There were murder and concern in those eyes. Steve's thumb stroked over Jet's wrist for a moment before the larger man stepped even more into his space. Jet could feel Steve's breath on his ear. His heart pounded faster.
"Let go! They are after me. You have to get out of here."
"Yes, you certainly did." Tony in a gentle tone. He felt Love and tenderness wash over him from Steve. He closed his eyes and finally saw a brighter future. One not stark and empty.
"You need to get laid. You're seriously way too stressed. Anyway, this is turning into a very expensive little chat. I'm here to tell you that your lease is up on this place, surprise! You'll be moving into Stark Tower by the end of the month. Fury said he doesn't want anyone on the Avengers playing the lone wolf. Oh and I got you coffee" Tony grabbed the other coffee off the table after stuffing his phone into his pocket. He walked up to Steve, holding out the coffee. "It might help you with the morning grumpiness you got~"
To: Pep   From: Tony
"Yeah...I remember pieces of things just now. Most of it is you being there for me and helping me even when I seemed to not want it. I remember seeing you like this before...twice before. I remember that that...was the reason you and I... did not work." He whispered to her in a hushed tone. Steve and Natasha both had relieved and happy looks. Though Steve still looked a little unsure. Pepper pulled herself out of Jet's lap and leaned down, kissing his cheek softly. She gave him a lovely smile before looking to Natasha and Steve.
"Plus your Match is taking him, she would do anything to keep you happy." Bruce said amused. Natasha was on scary woman when she was on any kind of mission. And when it was a mission that involved Pepper's happiness in an inadvertent way…well Bruce did not want to see the people that tried to step in Natasha's way.
"Because he wants to help you."
"Who is this?" Zac asked as he squeezed Jet's shoulder a bit. Jet inwardly cringed. He almost wanted to keep Steve in the apartment in order to keep Zac's anger at bay. Steve stared at Zac for a moment before he took his sketch book back, closing in and leaning back in the chair.
Sometimes when Steve couldn't sleep he would sit out in the T.V. room, either watching random movies or sketching, Tony would randomly join him. At first they sat apart, Tony would work on his tablet while Steve just did his own thing. But each night, Tony moved closer. One night, the brunette tentatively laid his head on Steve's shoulder. Steve said nothing about it. Instead he just moved his arm slowly from between him and Tony to around the back of the couch, making it more comfortable for Tony. That is how it began. Steve would sketch or watch T.V. and Tony would lay against him or lay down on the couch with his head in Steve's lap. Steve just chalked these incidents to Tony being the insomniac he is. But it turned out that it was more than that.
Tony reached into his pocket and pressed a button. It was a button that Pepper had forced him to install in his personal phone after the terrorists had kidnapped him. It sent a signal to JARVIS which in turn would send an alert to SHEILD. Tony gripped the chair in front of him, ignoring the rest of the room. He felt his stomach revolt as the man brushed passed him. That evil, dark, sickening aura coated over his skin, marking him almost. He felt bile rise up his throat. His phone went off. He picked up.
"Yes, Tony" Steve whispered, his voice seeming to drop down an octave. Jet, Tony, shivered at the tone.
"Hello Jane...Thor." He said awkwardly, keeping his eyes from the other two. He heard one of them suck in a harsh breath before the sound of ceramic breaking could be heard. Jet's eyes automatically flew to the broken cup. The hand holding it was huge. He followed the hand up to thickly corded arms and neck and up to...
"This the the project I want to give to you Pep. I will have nothing to do with it other the providing the equipment. The Society is backing the project. Out of all the people in the world, you Pep are the one who has the abilities and the heart to take this project global." Tony wished, holding out the tablet to Pepper. Natasha had a tiny smile on her face as she looked at Pepper, who was squeezing her hand tightly. Pep looked shocked but took the tablet in her hands. She looked at it then Tony. Her eyes narrowed for a moment.
"We should get you to your Match" Pepper said, her eyes sliding to Natasha. The assassin gave Pepper a smile, one Steve wasn't sure Natasha had in her. Just then Pepper's and Bruce's phones went off with a loud shriek. Pepper instantly turned ashen. Natasha was at her side once more, grasping her Match's elbow. Steve winced as the sound went off again. Bruce yanked his phone open before making a call. While it would have been private if there hadn't been Sentinels and a matched Guide in the room.
"R-really? That's great...Who is it?" He asked, looking from Clint to Natasha and then back at Pepper. Pepper laughed again before grabbing Natasha's hand tightly. It was obvious that she was telling her Match to tell Steve.
"So…you don't remember anything but your name and fixing cars?" Zac said as he got into the driver's seat of the truck. It was a smooth running truck, which made sense since the man worked at car shop. Jet was uncomfortable with the idea of people knowing that about him. He only had to tell them in order to keep for having to deal with the fact he didn't have ID, social security number or anything else. But having Zac know was a little bit unsettling. Jet played it off with a simple shrug.
"You know, as much as I would like to leave this entire situation to Bruce and Natasha's judgment, I got to say you are pretty thick. Out of all of us, Tony is probably the most fragile. If you keep trying to break him, you will find out just how strong his closest friends are." The archer gave him a dark smirk before he was patted on the back and left him standing there...alone...again.
"By muscle memory." He said with an uneasy shrug. If he fixed the car, maybe he could get a rid into town.
"No I don't."
"God, you are pathetic." The man said in a small laughing tone. Then there was a hand in Jet's hair. Jet pushed his head into the touch, needing it. He needed the affection. He didn't want Zac to leave him alone, not after all this. He barely knew the guy, but the sense of semi-peace that he brought. He craved it and was going to try and keep it for as long as he could.
"Thanks. You know…Howard Stark was my friend." He said cautiously. Was he ready to know about what happened to those people he once knew? He sat down on the stale smelling couch. He gripped the edge of it. JARVIS was silent, as if waiting for something to do for him. He could still feel everything. His skin was still inflamed. Seventy years in the ice had caused a deep bone freeze that he figured he would feel for a long time. Every light breeze caused him pain. He was in so much pain. Thankfully JARVIS had shut down all the excess noise. His sense of sight was fine. That was one sense that he had gotten used to being extreme. It gave him the ability to look around a room once and know exactly where everything was. It was his sense of feel, smell and sight that gave him issues. That and...his ability to see the future. It still made him sick to his stomach. That disorienting sense of being outside himself for a moment to glimpse moments ahead of him. He had it when Bucky died. He had it when drove the plane into the ice. He knew that if he didn't, the world would fall to hell. It was why he was so okay with driving the plane into the ice. Being able to see the future was the one thing that no scientist could explain because only top Sentinel had it. He laughed bitterly, secretly hoping the world of today had a way of dealing with it.
Tony was feeling strange having a conversation with something that was clearly not alive. But there was something comforting about the coding that was wrapped around this data stream. Even though it was communicating with him, it was still a set of very complex yet strangely elegant code lines.
He got out of the car before he walked out and tossed the key at the guy, who effortlessly caught them. There was a new man with them. A guy wearing an entire suit, including a tie. The man removed his sunglasses and stared at Jet with a contemplative look before he looked at the other man and nodded.
"Well Played, Mr. Rogers." J.A.R.V.I.S said in a softer voice. Steve smiled, glad he found something he could give the other man. He would give the man the necessities to live when he got caught up in himself.
"Then you better inform him Nat! The Other guy won’t stand for people hurting Tony. Fix this." Rage clear in Bruce's tone. Steve looked back just in time to see Bruce start running down the hall, as if he was trying to escape the situation. He watched Banner vanish, uncertain about what Bruce was talking about. He jerked when he felt a strong grip on his arm. He looked at Natasha only to find her face blank and her eyes staring at him as if he was the enemy. He felt his heart speed up a little bit as felt fear overcome him. Natasha looked like she wanted to make Steve eat the floor of the hallway. Why were Widow and Hulk so upset by what he had said to Stark?
They opted to get a room with two beds, that avoid awkwardness. Plus, Tony still wasn't sure the type of relationship they had. After all, he had not got the chance to ask just yet. He laid in the motel bed, watching Steve as he laid in the bed just across the way. The other man was no longer a dream. No longer something he wished he knew. Steve was there in the flesh and blood. Breathing deeply and rhythmically that was typical of sleep. Tony closed his eyes and focused on the sound of Steve's breathing to lull him off to sleep.
Tony Stark blinked and stared down at the goggles that he had just completed. In all honesty, he had no idea if they would really work or not. He was just going off the information that he found in his father's journal. He tapped his fingers on the work bench, wondering who he should try them on first. The whole reason he had made them was because of Pepper and Natalie. They had come together instantaneously. A Perfect Match that came together to become a Matched Pair. Blue light and all. He couldn't believe it until he saw the security tape. The moment Natalie walked into Pepper's office to take on Pepper's old job, it was all over. Pepper had stood up sharply the moment the red head had walked into the room. Natalie had paused before she stormed across the carpet and grabbed Pepper's hand. A bright blue light shot out from their clasped hands. The Guide part of Tony was upset to lose Pepper to someone else. The Genius part of Tony was intrigued.
"Tony are you okay? You're breathing sounds erratic?" Bruce's voice asked across the line. Tony hadn't realized that he was starting to hyperventilating. Not good. Not good at all.
The feeling of ice on Steve Roger's skin was the first thing he felt when he came to. Then as his mind slowly came to, his senses came as well. It was like a thousand radios were turned on. His skin felt like it was on fire. The radio beside his bed was the loudest. The rest of the sounds were muffled by something. He could smell the laundry detergent that was used to clean the sheets he was under. He could smell the antiseptics that were used. But it was everything else that clued him in that he was being played. The game on the radio was the very game he had seen before the war. The smell of motor grease, sweat, gun powder. The sound of things moving too quickly, rushing feet, metal on metal and the barking of orders. He waited for someone to come in, to give him an opportunity to escape. He watched as a woman dressed as a nurse walked into the room. He watched her cautiously for his upright position. She closed the door behind him. He was ready for anything. He was confused and the influx of information was too much for him. He could tell she was a guide trying to calm his sense, but she was failing at it.
It seemed that out of no where, a massive jet appeared and landed near the fallen men. Out came the red headed woman, Natasha, and her buddy, Clint. They were dressed like…soldiers. No, actually they were dressed very much like…. Tony tensed up for a moment, his mind clicking all the information into place. They were dressed like Black Widow and Hawkeye from the Avengers. Which meant that if he was their friend and his first name was Tony….His eyes went wide as he felt a little dizzy.
Tony looked at Captain America, gleaning the madness that was abating for the blond's emotions and mind. HE could feel a sense of relief coming from him and also a sense of regret. Tony figured that it had to do with the fact that he could not wear the bracelets all the time. He was not getting any thoughts though. He knew that was because the man's mind waves were all over the place. It would be a while before they settled back down into their usual pattern. Then Steve Roger would just be another voice in Tony's head. That was the last thing he wanted to listen to. He did not want to hear about how much he was not like his father or how his father was better then him. No way was he going to allow that to happen. Tony pulled out his phone and started to text his two favorite ladies.
"What was that about? He was touching that silly thing in your chest." Zac said, a dark hiss in his tone. It as clear that the man was jealous. It was hard not to know how jealous Zac was. It was one of the things that Jet did not like about the man. Other then that the man was charming and nice, even romantic. But he had a horrible temper and an even worse jealous streak. Jet never understood where it came from, but he did not like the results of it.
"I don't feel heat like other people."
"I know you already tried it with all the auras you have gathered, but I want to be extra thorough. Just in case someone comes up. " She said in a soft tone. Tony couldn't knock her for it. Pepper was his closest friend and his confidant. He knew that she only had his best interest at heart. It tore her up inside to know the pain he constantly suffered with. She knew that was why he drank and was a playboy. She was not a fool. Even though his aura was so strong that it was nearly unreadable to all other Guides, she could tell by his mannerism how much pain he was dealing with everyday.
"Is there something you are trying to hide?" She asked in a hushed tone. He whirled around with a wretch clenched in his hand.
Fear spiked through his mind. For some reason, his mind was making connection to this subject name. Was that his name? It did not matter. He needed to be free. He moved, feeling nothing restraining him. But his body felt like lead. It didn't matter. Adrenaline pumped through his veins. He stumbled to stand up, fumbling around in the darkness. He hit the wall with a thick thunk. He leaned heavily on it. His body was mostly numb. He could feel his feet and his fingers. That was about it. His mind felt like it was trapped in a strange fog
"Tony." His tone was firm, but he kept his expression soft. He wanted Tony to trust him. He knew he messed up but here Tony was, once again, trying to help him. The least he could do was help Tony. Tony looked at him, almost as if he was taking the man apart before he stepped closer and hid himself in Steve's chest. Steve was a little taken back by all this touching between men. Or rather he was more taken back by how willing Tony was to be this close to him. Steve always hid the fact he was attracted to men from everyone save Bucky. But Tony was overtly heterosexual. Hell the man said himself, that he was a playboy.
"So what have I got? Other then a super awesome personal news feeds."
In 1890 laws were passed all over the world to protect the Guide and Sentinel relationship. While forming a Bond between a pair was sometimes difficult, it was still necessary for the Enhancements. It was even found that powerful Sentinel would fly into a violent and sinister rage whenever their mate was harmed. Needless to say a person with their skill were dangerous.
Chapter 8
That illusion was shattered after another bizarre mission - who used monkeys as henchmen? they threw
The sound was coming from between his ears. In his mind seemed to have it's own system going on. Suddenly, there was a sound and a door opened. He stared at the door for a moment before making a break for it. He had no idea where…
"Thank God" Was all the man said as he held Tony tightly to him. Tony closed his eyes and returned the hug, figuring that Bruce needed it.
Steve snorted at this, but the look Pepper shot him made him shut up and let Bruce continue. Even though he doubted that Tony wanted nothing more then to mock him, he would hear them out. They seemed to know Tony better then he did. Especially Pepper. He had to know that Pepper wouldn't tell him anything that was not true.
"Fine. Deal." No sooner did he say fine was half the sandwich off the plate. Tony took a huge bite and motioned for the soldier to follow. The man began to prattle on and on about something completely over Steve's head. But the blond made sure to make all the right noises to keep the man talking and eating. By the end of it, Tony had scarfed down the entire sandwich, a bottle and a half of water and most of the chips. The man began to slow down. The food obviously starting to make him sleepy. He muttered something about how it was to be done in two days. The brunette was sitting in a chair, slowly munching on one of the last chips, muttering softly about something. Steve waited for Tony to fall asleep. It came soon enough. The man nearly fell out of the chair, but Steve easily caught him. He gathered the brunette up into his arms and headed out of the lab. The lights went off as soon as he left.
"T-thanks" He said softly, glad that he could trust Bruce. He hadn't been sure he could at first, but he knew deep down that Bruce would help in any way he could. He pushed off the chair and put his phone away, glad the guy had stepped outside during the conversation. He did not want to be vulnerable any more then he already was. He waited a total of five minutes before he stumbled outside, knowing that Coulson would be there any moment. He stumbled off to one side, trying to avoid people, but that was next to impossible. His vision was blurring from both the alcohol and the constant influx of thoughts and feelings.
"Good Morning, Captain Rogers. I am glad that you could make it." She said in a soft, pleasing voice.
Darkness. Pain.
Jet shook his head, ending the feed. He did not know how he could do it, but it may have to do with his amnesia, as well as why he looked so much younger then his mind wanted to make him. He brushed his teeth and took a pair of scissors and cut off some of his hair. His hair now fell in small waves around his face, but was off his shoulders. He looked young and dashing. He was a little surprised by that. The most surprising thing he had come to realized about himself came when he was in the shower.
But as he flipped through pictures of the woman's home, which was wall to wall Captain America things, and read the three page article she wrote about him he realized just how little he knew about this time. It served to remind him, once again, he was out of his element. He stopped seeing her. Yet, he knew that she had already sold the story to the highest bidder. His secret identity was gone. His freedom and ability to just be Steve Rogers was gone. He move his arm back to slam the phone into the wall.
"Did you get to see how this ends? Hmm? Did you get to see how I finished you off?" Steve asked as he continued the onslaught of his fingers. Tony shook his head, for his voice seemed to have left him. Those fingers crooked and stroked him from the inside before Steve leaned over a bit, whispering hotly into Tony's ear.
"Tony? Tony! Relax!" Bruce voice called, sounding concerned and scared. Tony gripped the table as his mind recalled what it was like to be betrayed. When his family friend tried to tear his heart out of his chest. Tried to removed the arc reactor. He choked back a sob as on top of that the feeling of water splashing over his face. His breathing hitched as his knees gave out. He leaned his head against the counter, struggling to breath properly. He remember kindness in the darkness of places but it was torn away from him. Tear seemed to roll freely down his cheeks as he clawed at the counter. His panic and his fear gripping him as the memories assaulted him.
"So, you going to spend the rest of your lunch break checking out the place or what? I mean… I could help you, show you all the spots I like to go to." Zac asked, making it seem like he wanted to help Jet. His heart raced a little bit faster at the idea of spending more time with the gorgeous blond in front of him. He nodded with a small smile.
"Look. I made a call to Thor's friends. Some of them want to see for themselves." Jet was about to protest when she held up a hand and gave him a soft smile "Look, Thor's friend was a great man and if you are not him, then we will help you figure out who you are, ok?" Jane asked with a pleading tone. It was clear that the woman cared for Thor a great deal. Jet heart longed from a friend or loved like that. Hell, even family would do. He gave the woman a small smile.
"I think...I've done this before...rested with coffee as you sketched." The words slipped out from behind the haze of contentment. Steve paused in his sketching, not looking up from his work before whispering back softy.
"Wait, how do you know they are after you?" Steve asked, his tone clipped as if he really did not like being kept in the dark about the situation.
"Yeah…I just had a date" He said as he looked around. He was feeling like the world was suddenly more silent for a moment. He felt something grab at him before it vanished just as quickly, the sound of something breaking the wind hit his ears before it was gone. There was a disembodied voice going off. It spoke about someone called Iron Man flying over head heading to Europe. He looked puzzled but soon he was being shuffled into the back of the car, with the strongest two Guides of the bunch. He was taken to an apartment in Brooklyn that was fashioned to what he knew, but a large screen took up and entire wall.
"Sir, Mr. Rogers is here to see you." J.A.R.V.I.S' automated voice said. Tony was elbow deep in some kind of machine, gone to the world. Steve walked to one of the cleaner work tables and set the food and water bottles down. He picked up a chip and loudly ate it. Tony jumped a bit and whirled around, wrench in hand. His arms and shirt were streaked with grease. There was even some on his face. He blinked at Steve, as if seeing him for the first time before he tossed the wretch back into the tool box.
He made it to the road, a little bit rougher for the wear but at least he made it that far. The sun was setting now. He reached up and stroked his beard, pulling on it a bit. He did not like the way it felt. He figured he was more of a clean shaven kind of guy. His hair was longish. It was held back by something rubbery. Not that it matter right now. Now all that mattered was the fact that he could see the road just up ahead. Now all that mattered was that the sun was setting. He stepped onto the paved road and let out a relieved sigh. He had a path to follow. A guidelines to go with. He turned and started walking towards where the town was.
"Yes, Ma'am. I plan on finding a place in Brooklyn." He said, his tone professional. He wanted to be close to the place he once called home. Close to the past, if he was honest. Hill gave him a blank look before she nodded.
"I think he is a great man. He came back from the dead and instead of just falling into a normal life he picked up his shield again. He is nobel and rather kind. I mean did you see the video of him taking a beating in order to protect that group of kids that got caught in that fire fight. I also think he is kinda hot." Tony said as the jacket was rung up. He pulled the jacket over his head, giving Steve a small smile. He snuggled the jacket a bit, feeling it's warmth soak through his cold bones. He noticed that Steve was growing even more red at all this. The man rubbed the back of his head for a moment.
"Good Morning." She looked at her watch, which he noticed was not a version he had ever seen before. "Or should I say afternoon." Her hands clasped in front of her. Military like. Not like any of the of the nurses he had ever seen before. He gave her a strange look. He spoke and noticed his voice was raspy. The wind from the window caused a sense of nausea to over come as it triggered the sense of freezing sensation that went deep into his bones.
Steve looked away, only to spot how hard Pepper was holding Natasha's hand. Suddenly Steve felt sick to his stomach. It was obvious that it had happened before. Steve was no fool. If someone came to realize just how much Tony craved something, they would try and manipulate it. Try and control Tony through it. And if it came to light that that is what was happening, Tony would be devastated. Anyone would be devastated. Steve hung his head and looked at his hands. Tony would try and avoid making friends. Yet…..Tony had friends. A couple, but it seemed that he did not care for them at all. He looked up for a moment.
"I…can't….stop….it" Tony managed to grit out. Steve frowned, not sure what to do. Jarvis took this moment to chime in.
"Dude are you ok? I just wanted to ask if you wanted that coffee now"
"Well we know that since you were wearing the bracelets during your first couple of meetings with Tony that they were the reason you didn't know he was your perfect match. But as for being in the same room for him a couple of days, I have no idea. I mean, only Tony and a group of scientists know how the bracelet actually work" Clint said with a shrug. That was all the other man seemed to know. Which was fine because Pepper made a soft hum before speaking herself.
"Hey guys." He said awkwardly. Tony jerked upright and looked at Steve before he muttered something about needing to get some work done. The man walked quickly towards a door that probably led to a workshop. Steve watched the man retreat. The lights came on and he found himself under the scrutiny of the other Avengers. He swallowed thickly when Natasha and Bruce shared a look. It was obvious that they knew what had transpired between him and Tony just the other day. Natasha effortlessly jumped over the back of the couch and walked to him, a dark glint in her eyes. She stood before him.
Tony swayed a little bit in place, not knowing how that had happened but it made him sick. That strange double echo was a little bit hard to handle. He looked at Steve once the bout of nausea passed. Steve looked around the room.
Steve eventually left. Jet…No, Tony was surprised about how easy it was to just talk to the man. It was nice to just have someone there who enjoyed his company, who was willing to just grin at his strange ways. Zac never did that. Zac didn't like it when he spoke about things that seemed to not make sense. Steve just smiled at him when he rambled on. Tony laid on the bed and he closed his eyes, wanting tomorrow to come faster. He wanted to spend more time with Steve.
"You're the one who picked my lock, aren't you?" Jet said in an accusing tone. He figured the woman was dangerous the moment he met her. Natasha simply leveled him with a cool look. He sighed. "Yeah, hit me with it. Why are you three here to awaken me from my much needed beauty sleep."
"I am so glad you are back. Nice sweater, by the way" Bruce said softly. Clint chuckled off to one side, and Natasha looked mildly amused.
"So, that went well...don't you think?" Jet said hesitantly. He wasn't sure about their relationship. He was sure about his relationship with Pepper. They were once lovers, but now they were the best of friends. The woman basically ran his life for many days. But him and Steve. That was still a mystery he wanted to solve. He suddenly felt fear. He had been dating Zac for a while now. Had he been cheating? He felt sick to his stomach. He hadn't known. Oh god, what is Steve wanted to end things? What if he hated him from moving on? His mind was spinning with all his thoughts before a hand reached out and grabbed his. Jet's head shot up and stared at Steve. Steve's blue eyes were strong and firm, serious almost.
The diner was nice, clean and friendly. He ordered a large BLT with french fries and a large iced coffee. Zac and Jet talked about cars, keeping to a safe topic for now. But Jet couldn't help but feel like Zac was feeling him out for some reason. There was always a reason. But for now Jet ignored it in favor of looking around at the diner. There were people of all types here. But one thing was for certain, they all just came from the desert. Many were still covered in sand. He smiled a bit at the waitress who came to set the plate down in front of him. He ate slowly, again, but quickly. He wanted to get out and learn his surroundings. He wanted to be prepared just in case someone from the group that had been holding him showed up. He may not remember anything, but he looked up information on wounds, and the ones he had on him were caused in the last week or so. That meant those people in that building that self destructed were the cause of them. He would not be caught off Sentinel and returned to that position. Especially after he heard that whatever they had done to him was a success. He just hoped that they assumed that he died in the self destruction.
"Oh it is no trouble at all. In fact we can go over there tonight. You can sleep there and see if it okay. Then tomorrow we can head over to the shop and see if Marco still has that position open." Harold said with a grin, obviously glad that Jet seemed to agree with that idea. Jet returned the smile, making sure to make it charming. He finished his meal and thanked Lisa profusely before Harold herded him into the car again. They were off to a small apartment complex in the area. The town wasn't very big, but it was a hot desert region that people came to ATV in.
"I will tell you if you surrender your sandwich and one of your water bottles." Tony said, striking up a deal. Steve looked like he was considering something. And he was. He was considering how to get Tony to want the other water bottle.
"Let Pepper and Steve know. Excuse me, Mr...?" The man put his sunglasses into his pocket before holding out his hand to Jet. Jet hesitated before taking the man's hand, making sure wipe his hand off on his jumper.
"Let me guess...these two very specific people are here and they want to make sure that I am this person." He said in a hesitant tone. He licked his lips as fear and nerves gripped him. He wasn't so sure he wanted to do this. Wasn't sure he wanted to risk rejection.
"He has to make it! His DNA code is exactly what is needed for this to work!" An aggravated man said.
He walked out of the Helicarrier, ignoring the starttled cries that came from some of the newer members of SHEILD. He felt an impossible amount of joy as he free fell through the sky. He tapped the bracelets on his wrists, summoing his Iron Man suit. He felt so free falling without anything to protect him. It was similar to the life he lead.. He was always falling wihtout something to catch him, always swimming in unwanted thoughts and feelings. He knew that one day either he would fall to his death or someone would make it so that his thoughts and those of his Bond Mate were the only ones he could hear. The suit wrapped around him and soon he was landing safely on the top of the newly remodled Stark Tower.
"He tore it from my chest." Tony whispered softly. Steve waited patiently, even though rage coursed through his veins. He knew that the reactor in Tony's chest was the only thing keeping the man alive. It had, at one time, slowly started to kill the man. But the ever resourceful and genius Tony figured out how to make that stop.
"Rogers, you are creating turbulence. Be still or else" Romanoff said in a cold tone. It was clear she did not appreciate Steve making it harder for her to fly the jet. Steve stopped moving, going stone still. They flew in silence. Steve's mind was racing over all the possibilities and all his hope that he would be what Tony needed. He hoped that Tony was okay with him being his Perfect Match. They hadn't had the nicest first set of meetings, but he wanted to make up for that. He wanted to be the one that Tony could rely on, like he could Pepper and Bruce.
"Coulson is on in route. The safe house is initiated now. JARVIS is being downloaded as we speak."
"They are looking for their friend Zac. I saw him and their group of friends today, they all agree that I am this strange person. Though I still think they have lost their minds." Jet said with a shrug, making light of the situation in the hopes that it would diffuse some of Zac's jealousy.
"Hey, Cap. What brings you down to my domain?" The genius asked, walking to the table. He eyed the food that Steve brought. He looked at Steve suspiciously.
"Yes, Captain Rogers." A disembodied voice said, causing him to jump. He whirled around looking for a person. Soon there was no sound. He heard nothing outside his walls.
They remained silent, basking in the afterglow of what just happened. Tony shifted a bit, moving closer to Steve, who kissed the mark on his neck in a soft….almost loving gesture. Tony smiled a bit.
"Your hands…fingers were…" Tony shifted, trying to get more of Steve's skin on his. It was familiar yet foreign. Yet still so delicious. Steve's hands flexed on his waist, keeping him in place. Those blue eyes stared up at him, lust clear there. But it was laced with something that made Tony's breath hitch. It was more then simple lust. More then he was willing to hope or think about at this time. How could he when those thumbs were rubbing circles against his hips, making his mind swim with anticipation.
"How did we not know?"
"Tony...Jet. Are you...ok?" That voice asked, fear and anger barely hidden in the tone. Jet knew he was shaking, but he shifted and moved deeper into those arms.
To say it was freezing was an understatement. They were heading into North Carolina in the middle of the night and Tony was shivering, badly, on the back of the bike. Eventually Steve felt it necessary to pull off at a rest area that would have clothing. Tony was not exactly happy about that, but he was too cold to complain. He just wanted to get back to the place he called home. They still hadn't talked about his name yet. Steve was very tight lipped about it. It was a constant struggle to even get him to just spill it. But at least they seemed to be growing even closer. He figured that it was bound to happen after everything.
"T-Mr. Snow, I am Virginia Potts. I...well I was close to our friend for many years. Steve here confirmed that you are him but... May ask you to show me...your chest. My friend had a serious injury he fixed himself with a machine. The only reason why I ask this of you is because you look just like him...when he was in his twenties. I...just want to be sure." She said in a sorrow filled tone. He could tell she was haunted by whatever happened, yet there was a sense of resignation there, as if this was repeated often. He looked between the three before he looked at the door. He sighed and tugged off the sweater he always wore to bed. There in the middle of his chest was blue light among the red marks from the carpet. He noticed that Natasha's eyes sharpened a fraction before she looked at Steve. They shared a look before Pepper let out a soft sob. The red head's hand instantly went to the blond's. Jet didn't know why, but that action made him smile. Made him feel happy.
"If only I could have the luxury of turning it off or having a Sentinel. But sadly, I don't." He quipped before he looked over his shoulder. He could hear their thoughts as they walked into the building. Well Pepper's thoughts, Natasha's thoughts were mostly silent. He looked down at the goggles and then spoke again.
"Hey, your car is ready Dr. Foster." Jet said as he walked into the office. Dr. Foster looked from Zac to Jet. The look on her face set Jet on edge. There was something akin to horror there. She looked as though she had seen a ghost. Jet looked at Zac and shrugged, offering Dr. Foster the keys. Dr. Foster stared before she started to speak...well scream.
MSG: I did.
The index finger moved around the edge before it slowly pushed inside of Tony. Tony threw his head back and let out a gasp, pleasure mixing with the burn of penetration. It was exhilarating. Steve's finger worked it's way into him slowly, but it wasn't enough. Tony pushed back, gaining a groan from Steve.
They walked into the living area, noting that the smell of tea and coffee had permeated the room. Tony grinned.
"Tony are you okay? You're breathing sounds erratic?" Bruce asked, looking at Steve, who was now gripping the bed rail tightly. It was clear that the man was readying himself to leave the helicarrier.
The city was beating down on him. He felt maybe ten precent less then without Coulson there. He was beginning to feel less and less as they raced out of the city and headed into the middle of no where. The only place he was safe from everything was 100 miles out of the city and well away from any large population of people. The middle of the no where. That is where he would end up spending the rest of his days. Certainly there was no certain fate then his. He had tried to find a Sentinel that would be able to give him something, anything of a regular life. They had all failed. So he was going to a compound where he would have to remain for likely the rest of his life, except in the case of when he was in his suit. He still couldn't figure out how the suit blocked out everything, but it did. So he would not have to give up his hero duties.
"Maybe one of these night you and I can lay under them." Zac said in a low voice before he walked off of the roof top. Jet stood there for a moment, taken back by how…intimate that sounded.
"Did you just use me as a replacement for him? Huh? TELL ME! " Zac reached back and grabbed the hair on the back of his neck, yanking it back before he bit viciously down on the side of his neck. White hot pain ripped through his body. Fear gripped him. Zac was a strong man. Stronger then himself. He feared where this was going. He knew Zac would be angry that he lied to him, but it was obviously that there was something more there. Something he had done to the man in his old life. The hand ripped off his mouth. He struggled to apologize but a hand smacked heavily across his face.
"What do you mean you do not recall your name? You've been lying the entire time?" Zac snarled at him. Jet colored before he ripped his arm out of Zac's hold and gave him a sneer.
"Well someone has to keep a watch on Pepper at all times. What would happen if you are not there and another Sentinel does not like what she tells him?" He said with a cocky grin. He knew Natasha was not the kind of person to allow anyone to harm Pepper. Even when the super spy was off on missions, someone was looking out for Pepper. He had fucking spies in his building at all times it seemed. He didn't care. Pepper needed protecting. Natasha's eyes darkened for a moment before she nodded in a serious way.
Sleep alluded him for much of the night. He just kept replaying all the things he had ever said to Tony, guilt eating at him. At the same time, he had just been reacting to Tony's attitude. That was it. It was not like he was the only person to do so, right? He was about to find out. He got up early and changed before heading upstairs. He entered the room and was greeted by Bruce and Natasha, as expected. What was not expected was the fact Pepper Potts was also there. The tall willowy blond looked neat as a pin. He was taken aback by this, because he heard about her being Tony’s Best Friend, CEO and Ex-Girlfriend. She stood and gave him a small smile, motioning for him to have a seat.
"Stop staring." He said in a harsh tone. He nearly jumped out of his skin when fingers moved through his hair. He jerked back only to have Zac's arms wrap themselves around him.
Tony waved that away. “Semantics. Now sit down and explain yourself, or let me get in the suit before I hit you. You heard the doctor, you’re not allowed to hit back.”
Well, thank God at least one of them had sense. If Tony had listened to his doctors, he would have taken himself off to a nice hotel in Malibu and eaten his own body weight in Valium.
He couldn’t bring the child with him, not if the swordsman was feinting - and they couldn’t risk leaving him undefended, either. Vision would be able to keep him moving and get him to safety in the event that everything went belly-up. Sighing, Tony knelt on the floor and pulled Steve around to face him. Romanoff, Barnes and Lang continued walking, although Vision and the four guards paused with Tony. “Hey, Steve,” he said quietly. “D’you remember what I told you about finding you if you were stolen?”
Steve mumbled something inaudible into his neck in response.
the child said, pleaded, sobbed, and then Tony was the one with the shield, and he was bringing it down on the child’s unprotected chest with a sickening
The kid prepped and the suit on, there wasn’t anything to do but wait.
He is seriously considering revoking access to his workshop from, oh, everyone. Not Rhodey, of course. Or Pepper, who has access to pretty much everything. But, yeah, everyone other than Rhodey or Pepper (and he refuses to think why his world has narrowed down to the Avengers, why ‘everyone’ is one amorphous mass including both Vision and Barton who are pretty much on opposite ends of the spectrum for basically
Tony had never been much of a church-goer, even back when his mother had insisted on it, but he had had enough Bible verses browbeaten into him by his boarding school Masters to know Mordo wasn’t talking about the modern blonde-hair-and-wings angel model.
. “What?” He asked weakly. His voice sounded strange to his own ears, far away, as if it was being piped in from another room.
The image that sprang up - Steve, pale-faced and too-quiet - instantly killed off any remnants of levity. Tony’s hands clenched on the table-top at the look in Steve’s eyes.
The room was… not a toilet.
“It’s not that easy.” After a moment, Rhodey looked at him and managed a smile. “You remember when I was in Iraq, the last time?” He asked.
“Well, that is one table that will never pose a threat to us again,” Romanoff said dryly, closing the door behind her.
Rhodey waved a hand, a hint of a smile on his smile. “You’ll be pleased to know that this doesn’t even come close to making my list of Top 5 Incredibly Stupid Things Tony Has Ever Done. I’m not gonna lie, you’ve made smarter choices, but it’s not like this is coming out of left-field. You’ve always been a little soft-headed that way.” He dimpled suddenly. “Hey, does this mean that I’m gonna be an uncle?”
“Of course, Dr Stark.” T’Challa waved him to a chair and they sat. “What can I do for you?”
“Like a passive tracker,” Romanoff said. Her face was hard. “Do you know whether the location of the portal makes a difference?”
Out of the corner of his eye, Tony saw Romanoff glance back at them, her expression unreadable.
Mordo - was that
“That’s it.”
After a few soft beeps of delay, he ended up face to face with Sam Wilson. “Oh, it’s you,” he said, unable to keep the disappointment from his face. “Is Rhodey there?”
“What are you doing?” Steve asked drowsily, still half-asleep. He’d slept through the entire night and most of the morning, only stirring when Tony had gently shaken him awake. He blinked in the half-light of the room, watching Tony. “Are we leaving?”
That thought had occurred to Tony as well, but he had dismissed it. “Not if I am to trust him near Steve,” he said sharply. “I need to be sure.” He shrugged. “And, after all, I did see the results. Maybe whoever is in Hong Kong could do with a first-hand account.”
“not gonna work. That’ll make everything worse.”
, and he could have gone to Jabariland and back again easily in that time, taken Steve and -
Or something tied to this Convergence that Dr Foster was investigating? Both of them, not to mention Loki’s sceptre, had been able to open Einstein-Rosen bridges. What if it was another artifact like that one? Or - worse - another powerful entity wielding one of them as a weapon?
Not when Tony had access to everything that Rogers had wanted to record, but not tell anyone about.
“Hey, kiddo, what’s up?”
Barnes shrugged. “Hard to shield either of you if you’re not right next to me. Maximoff is outside the door. The Jabari guards are securing the corridors, and the Dora will be guarding the attacker, once we get him.”
, which Tony had decided to take personally. It’s not like he was absconding with Steve, for fuck’s sake; he had both legal and moral authority here.
Charlie’s mother had said to him - had spat at him, sharp and accusing - and Tony had not understood then. Oh, he’d felt her pain, and he’d felt the guilt of it, but he hadn’t
“You said a bad word, you said
“The local authorities had no reason to suspect it was anything other than a local butcher. There were no demands, no message, no one claiming credit.” She shrugged. “Even Pudozh was a stroke of luck for us; it’s an administrative centre, and one of the dead happened to be overdue on a report. So the apologies for that got escalated and someone took notice.”
And still, Rhodey had signed…
What else? If he played those recordings, what would be on there? Rogers’s thoughts on Barnes, for sure. On Tony, possibly - well, Romanoff would hardly tell him to listen to it if it was just an Ode to Murderbot. On Siberia…?
“The Dora Milaje promise a lot on other people’s behalf,” a voice said from the shadows, and Tony spun around, raising a hand to his head as the dizziness hit. “Are there any wazungu in Wakanda we will not be required to rescue?”
“Well, it sounds wonderful,” Tony agreed. “What else did you see at the zoo?”
” God, he hoped not.
Tony watched him go, smiling through the pain in his chest.
He cleared his throat. “Well, I think my own feelings are pretty clear. I don’t like people who chop up little kids. Kind of a red line for me; I’m funny that way. So,” he brought his hands together, “if you say you’re not one of those people, who are you, exactly?”
Tony got to his feet with a hiss of pain at the stiffness in his joints, pointedly ignoring the quick look Barton threw him. “He’s cold, malnourished and not breathing especially well,” he said shortly. “Did you bring blankets?”
go,” T’Challa agreed. “But perhaps
It wasn't the same thing when it came to Steve, who was heavier than he looked but was still small enough to fit in Tony's arms and slump into sleep, limbs completely askew in a perfect display of trust. Steve, who had no-one, who was Tony's... something. Who was
Tony looked up from pulling on the suit bracelets and gaped at him. “No, he fucking can’t, get away from him with that thing! He’s seven!”
“Peachy.” Tony tore his eyes away from Barnes, who seemed to be trying to disappear into the corner, and looked down at Rhodey, forcing himself to turn away. “How was physio?”
T’Challa nodded at that, looking thoughtful. “You will need Maximoff and Barnes with you, to contain him. And -” his eyes flickered to Barton. “Perhaps one other?”
Small enough to lift and carry - when Tony had the suit on - and certainly small enough to fit in Tony’s arms. And he had no one else.
In an instant, Barton was at his side. “What’s wrong?”
There was a long silence.
Steve made another sharp sound, almost a sob.
“You said a bad word,” a small voice piped up from behind him, and Tony nearly leapt a foot in the air.
“He’s fine, Tony,” Barton said slowly. “Like I said. No injuries. Just has a bit of a chill.” His eyes were fixed on Tony’s face. “Tony? Are you on any medication right now?”
“Statistically speaking, screwing up is pretty much guaranteed,” Tony offered, despite himself.
The lift swallowed him up.
Vision had taken him to an entirely different part of the mountain range, to what was probably the Wakandan equivalent of a kindergarten class. At any rate, there were plenty of children there, all busy finger-painting and getting more paint on their clothes than on the paper. (Steve was mostly covered in green by this point.)
“I guess it must have come as a bit of a shock,” he said slowly, pushing past the taste of bile in his throat. “But anyway, if the murderbot won’t do it, then Maximoff or Romanoff can pick up the slack. I can go talk to Jane Foster.” He swallowed and reached for the rage that seemed constantly to hover nearby, ready to be accessed. “Because if Barnes can’t deal with a kid version of his BFF, I don’t see why you guys can’t pick up the slack. It’s not like Rogers would trust me if he was himself. I - it’s not my problem.” His grip on Steve tightened, belying his words.
As if it was that easy.
FRIDAY’s familiar lilt washed over them both, picking up smoothly from where Tony had left off when reading to Steve those nights back at Birnin Zana.
he thought. Howard and Obie had both similarly guarded access to Tony when he’d been young and impressionable. At the time, Tony had thought it another set of rules to chafe under; in retrospect, he could see it for the attempt it was of structure, of guidance.
“My name is Ndiliswa,” the nurse said with a scowl. “Next, the therapist will come, and you will go to the bathroom.”
He gave up. “Right.” He leaned back in bed and let her position the pillows so his head and neck were supported. “What’s next, Nurse Ratched?”
“There has been a complication.” Tony looked at Mordo, who seemed a trifle nonplussed by Vision’s response. “Vis? How’s Steve?”
(He was at MIT, and he had Rhodey just down the hall, and he had his finals to think about, and as long as he didn’t open his eyes, his mom was back home, just a phone-call away.)
That didn’t seem that likely, though; the kid had been clinging to him more and more vehemently with every passing day. Telling him about the tracker should make him
“Romanoff already went over it all with a fine-tooth comb,” he said quietly. “All that’s left is… I don’t know. Not that.” He was silent for a long moment. “I listened to one. It was short, and I thought… I thought it’d be OK… I don’t know.”
M’Baku made a low sound of amusement at that. “And who is that, exactly?” He raised an eyebrow. “The threat, yes, you have made much of that, and so we will listen. But you must show your worth to us, if we are to have a truce.”
Maybe he hadn’t known exactly where Steve’s room was; maybe he hadn’t had the range, previously. Maybe precision wasn’t something that was guaranteed with these things. But whatever the reason, it was clear that he knew where he was going now. He knew who he needed to get to.
Tony had resigned himself to staying put, and had notified Pepper that he’d be a few days. (OK, he’d told FRIDAY, who’d told Pepper. But sue him; he’d had enough on his plate without wanting to add being yelled at by his CEO to the list.)
“Can we get back to me and the Boy Wonder for a second and leave my teenaged experimentation as a topic for another time, please? I thought we were flying under the radar!”
There was an awkward pause while Barnes seemingly tried to make himself invisible through sheer force of will. Tony didn’t look away.
"And, FRI?"
“Oh, now.” Tony’s brow furrowed. “Not that I don’t appreciate the paranoid stalking, and we all know I’m in no position to cast stones. But, still.” He frowned. “I’m gonna have to do something about that.”
It really wasn’t, Tony had realised with a sinking feeling. He’d shooed Barton out - shoving the entire fruit bowl at him in his haste to get him out of the door - and gone back to packing.
So why the hell did Tony feel like he’d scored a hit? He swallowed and look away.
“A traditional fight?” Tony raised an eyebrow.
Tony stopped in the act of checking Steve’s sneakers to make sure the tracker was still firmly attached. “And that wasn’t a given?” He asked incredulously.
. “Hey, Ninja Turtle, LARPing season is over, time to hang up the sword!”
Hill pressed the intercom. “We’re ready.”
“Mint.”
“Tony…” Pepper had a hand over her mouth, her expression simultaneously stunned and horrified. “Tony, what on earth were you thinking?”
the small voice said, trembling.
Rogers’s eyes widen slightly. Ah, there we go, hadn't expected an
“And you’re the best you could come up with as a ‘friendly face’?!”
“Is Rhodey OK?” he asked urgently. Why hadn’t Barton said anything? Christ, if he hadn’t said anything, that meant - “Rhodey, what happened to him -” He tried to push himself out of bed. His arms wouldn’t hold his weight, and his stomach dropped out from under him.
Tony thought again, and felt a pang of shame. Had he really been so wrapped up in his own mess that he hadn’t noticed at all?
Rhodey nodded stiffly. “He was… the lack of mental health care was always a sore spot for him, you know? He was always so bitter about it. We always talk about how well we look after our forces and our veterans, but the reality is just…” He shrugged again.
Next to her, Happy was nodding vigorously, looking a little more awake but just as rumpled as he squished in next to her on the loveseat. There were pillow-creases on his cheek. “Boss, maybe you should put the brakes on a little bit. I mean, you already have two kids in the pipeline, you don’t need a third just yet. And not,” his nose wrinkled, “not one with that much baggage.”
Steve didn't seem to have any faith in that, but at least he didn't seem to object too much to being manhandled. He simply let himself be picked up, not letting go of his ribs but curling up so his face was buried in Tony’s neck. He sobbed, wet and pained-sounding, his whole body shaking with the force of it.
he thought, appalled at himself.
“So - you can’t vouch for him?” Tony asked warily. Okoye tensed beside him. “Or you won’t?”
Cutting it close, evidently, as he put his body between Tony and the swordsman, and bore the latter backwards. He managed to sweep the guy’s legs out with a move that Tony wasn’t sure was physically possible, and pressed him down into the floor, trying to immobilise him. He had his flesh hand on the swordsman's throat, and his metal one on the wrist of the hand with the glowy shield. “Hurry up,” he hissed, trying to force the swordsman to stay still.
The woman on the other side of Barnes - Tony vaguely remembered seeing her somewhere, although he couldn’t immediately place her - snorted at this. “You think he is an ice cube? It is that easy to take him out of suspension and put him back in it with no effects?”
Tony thought, horrified. He stared at her, at the carved lines around her mouth and the childish rub at her eyes. The tea in his hand sloshed dangerously as he reached out and set the cup gently on the table.
Tony thought, irritated. If they’d done what he was now fairly certain they’d done… Some fucking dream, if Maximoff had been his cruise director... He looked down at the top of Steve’s head, at where his fingers were carding softly through the blonde hair. Sometime in the last few minutes Steve’s breathing had evened out and he’d slumped back into sleep, dozing against Tony’s chest. “Huh,” Tony said, a little surprised. “You weren’t kidding about him being tired.”
“We are grateful for your assistance, your majesty,” Romanoff said smoothly. “And yours, General.”
that’s
It took Steve a long time to process this. He stared down at his feet and didn’t say anything, his brow furrowed.
No, there was no going back to a ‘before’ with Nat, because there was no ‘before’ there. But -
Tony thought, ridiculously, as if having breakfast would somehow safeguard Steve against the pain of losing everything all over again.
“Wilson, then,” Tony said unthinkingly. “Or Romanoff. Or - Barton, if he's still there. Lang, maybe. Plenty of choice.”
“Yeah, Okoye briefed us.” Rhodey frowned. “That doesn’t strike me as the most reliable of allies.”
“Come on, come on,” he muttered, wiping his face. The pebble still refused to connect, flashing through to a
Tony thought, his heart in his mouth. To harp on about privacy having listened to that recording… He should have refused outright, or just deleted the files, he should have done anything other than -
Mordo held up his arms in surrender, faint amusement still on his face. “My apologies. I shall endeavour to restrain myself from over-familiarity.”
“By comparison.” His voice dropped. “What did Sir Stabs-a-Lot have to say for himself?”
kind of trade, old man. I don't do geriatrics.” Certainly not when he still feels like he's bleeding out and standing upright is his achievement of the day. “No, I'm gonna need a favor. A small one, really.” He shrugs a little. “Call it a balancing of the scales.”
Wait, he was forgetting something.
It's been a bit of a long hiatus! Work has been a nightmare with ridiculous hours and a lot of stress, and I've had the builders in, etc etc, you get the idea. Mea culpa for the long delay, and thank you to all those still reading. The longer I left it the harder it was to get back to writing, so I'm just glad to have got the next part out. I'm going to try to get back into a regular schedule of posting as momentum seems easier to maintain that way.
No wonder the child had looked so terrified.
“You will be staying here,” their guide - a tall woman who had introduced herself as Dhakiya - said, opening the doors to the room. “There are two bedrooms and a study to the right, and the kitchen and bathroom are through to the left.” She waited patiently while the porters carried through Tony’s meagre belongings (mostly his undersuit, and the few bits and pieces that Rhodey had brought him) and the small case that contained Steve’s change of clothes (his kid-sized clothes; his adult uniform had been spirited away by the time Tony had thought to ask). The Iron Man suit followed them, standing a discreet distance away.
Tony swallowed and stopped moving. “I’m not. I'm your -” the word stuck in his throat.
Tony looked down blindly at the small child cuddled against him. From this angle, he couldn’t see anything of Rogers in the small face. It could have been any child, anyone’s son…
that same sweet poisonous voice said,
He knew he was asking a lot. He was pretty awful at talking about important things himself; hell, he’d nearly died without mentioning any of it to Rhodey. But he liked to think that this was because he was a complete moron about emotional things, and not because it was everyone’s default state. (He
“You’re not Bucky!” Steve shrieked again, twisting on the bed and desperately trying to get away. Despite his accusations that Tony had lied, he was clawing at the IV catheter and the restraining bedclothes, doing his best to get across the bed and back into Tony’s arms.
Easy, easy now. I’m not here to hurt you,” Barnes said quietly, half-catching the child as Tony startled and decanting him back into Tony’s arms. “Did you… did you sleep? You’re good with him,” he added, as if remembering an instruction.
M’Baku pointed a finger at him, fighting the twitch in his lips. “You -!”
Hopefully they’d have some useful data from the recording, and whatever readings Shuri and Jane Foster would have gathered.
It was the same red magic that still suffused Tony’s dreams, that had made him wake up on more than one occasion soaked in the smell of sour sweat and fear. The same magic that had blown Vision through several feet of concrete, the same magic that had turned Tony’s mind inside out.
He moved away, his hand landing on Tony’s arm for a fleeting moment as he turned to leave.
He had about an hour or so before Steve would wake up. Not enough time to make any sort of inroads on the recordings, but… well, he wasn’t entirely sure he wanted to listen to them. There was something screwed up about it all; another way in which Rogers could have his say and Tony’s rage would have no outlet.
“Sure.” Tony nodded.
part of him telling him that probably the ship of ‘mutual trust and respect’ had sailed several weeks previously - and then sighed and hoisted the kid up in his arms. Barton would shoot him, or not - and it looked like it would be
A truce, of a sort, until they figured out which way the dominos would fall.
her hurt, and therefore couldn’t trust it?
“I have some options for you to look at,” Hill murmured, seemingly discomfited by the change of subject.
Steve stirred a little under Tony’s hand. “Mom?” He asked drowsily. His eyes were still closed. Trusting.
” Her hand hung between them, pale and open and terrifying.
Shuri cleared her throat. “Well… I was also working on a way to restrain the sword guy’s powers, I could talk you through that…” Her eyes flickered to Maximoff. “They’re… they’re pretty similar to the bracelet…”
“Quiet as a church mouse,” Barton said, and mimed zipping his lips. He had managed to get the majority of his injuries seen to so he wasn’t walking wounded, at least, but his black eye seemed to be working itself out the natural way, complete with yellow-green blotching across half of his face. He looked like someone had taken a frying pan to his head.
He tried for petty satisfaction, but it just felt hollow. Barnes’s pain did nothing whatsoever to lessen his own issues; it just made him conscious that there was another variable at play.
“Seven dead, all children, none of them known,” Romanoff noted. “The local law enforcement had a problem, because seven adults were also listed as missing. With a population of under six hundred, not many of them were on any sort of DNA database. One week later, the second event occurred.” Maloshuyka, Russia, flashed. “It’s slightly bigger, but still only a few thousand inhabitants, primarily employed by the railroad. Another seven dead, presumed victims of child trafficking. The missing men have a warrant out for their arrest.” The third location flashed. “Pudozh, eight days later, is when the connections started being made. It’s in the Republic of Karelia, which means that the Finns and Russians were both informed of the killings, and connected the dots. After that,” a case file flashed on screen, taking up the right-hand side, “Interpol opened up a file.”
It took Tony a moment to mentally re-set to the Steve asleep like a sprawled koala in the next room, rather than to the one on the recordings and in his dreams.
"It does appear to be part of Captain Rogers' body armour," FRIDAY confirmed.
He could just imagine how well Barton, Barnes and Wanda would have taken someone messing with their heads.
The same magic that had kept him sane, if not precisely calm, during his concussed delirium.
For a moment, he stayed perfectly still. Everything was exactly as he had left it when setting off earlier. The toys were all tidied away - that’s assuming that Steve had actually played with them - and his artwork of the previous day had been carefully added to the walls, joining a variety of unlikely-patterned animals and a great many superheroes. Steve’s Kevlar-lined winter jacket was over the arm of the chair beside the bed, and someone had folded his jeans and T-shirt neatly on top of the dresser. The red Iron Man sneakers - complete with tracker - were by the side of the bed, where they could be easily put on. The monitoring pebble was on the bedside table, alongside the panic button that would summon the guards.
“It’ll keep the heat in,” Tony said, with more conviction than he felt. He knew the physics of it, of course, but his brain didn’t want to believe the truth of it, not when it looked like what you’d use to truss up a turkey. “It’s a space blanket.”
“Oh, I’m sorry if I gave the impression of caring about any effects,” Tony bit out and then winced at the kick Barton delivered to his shin. “If he’s not gonna help with the kid, what use is he?”
He snorted.
Beside him, similarly ensconced in a child-sized seat and carefully colouring in age-appropriate pictures, Barton smirked. “Yeah, Tony, you said a bad word. Shouldn’t you be setting a better example?”
The light abruptly dimmed, and Tony opened his eyes cautiously. Rhodey smiled back at him from beside the bed. He looked tired, dark circles smudged under his eyes and stubble on his chin. His clothes were rumpled, as if he’d been sleeping in them. “What -” Tony started, distressed. Something was wrong. His arms closed around empty air, the movement strange and upsetting. Where was…? Something was...
From the pilot’s seat floated back, “or whoever is running your New York temple,” in Barton’s dry tones. He, at least, did not seem particularly inclined to launch into a discussion of what Mordo’s motivation - and methods - might mean.
“She’s actually in California,” T’Challa said from the doorway. He smiled down at the tablet held loosely in Tony’s hands. “Dr Foster is visiting our newly-established centre in Oakland.”
“Yeah, thanks FRIDAY,” he said wearily, dropping the kid back inside the chest cavity. “Now,” he said, sitting down opposite the mutinous-looking Steve, “you want to explain why you didn’t listen to me? I told you to stay put!”
the thing-that-wasn’t-him said, and there was something frantic in the way that it wound itself around him, wet and pained and grasping.
He’d told himself after Harley, he’d be more careful. He’d make sure those around him weren’ taking unnecessary risks. And instead… “There’s this kid in Queens,” he said abruptly. “You - you remember the spider kid?”
“I get that you don’t have any special loyalty to me; fine, whatever, we can agree to - look, you can be an absolute bastard to me, I don’t care. But -” He really,
to take an active step in controlling her powers was important to me in helping her and Tony meet halfway. Now all he has to do is trust her with Steve..
The kid nodded seriously, then something very much like fear crossed his face. “But - I can stay with you, right? You can look after me? Until - until I’m grown again?” His voice trembled.
“You said a bad word,” Steve piped up groggily from under the blankets. He blinked up at Barton. “Are you here to rescue us?”
That at least some of them would be better people than Tony - more able to compromise, to forgive - that, he could believe. But Rogers had run off half-cocked to fucking
you what you need. So here's my favor, Cap. A small, simple one.” The gray swamps him again, and his grip on the worktop tightens to the point his hands start to cramp. His mouth feels like it is filled with cotton wool and the bitter tang of bile, his tongue moving so lethargically he worries he's slurring his words. “I've tried everything I can think of. All the possibilities I can access legitimately, and some not so legitimately. So now I need someone to work out what other avenues there are. I need someone to find them, and open them up for me.”
Tony rolled his eyes. “Yeah, yeah. Anything else?”
“Oh, no,” Minoru held up a hand. “No, you misunderstand. I must remain here, I cannot accompany you. But - you will bring him to me, I think. When you understand.” She looked at Mordo for a moment before her gaze dropped. “The loss of life is regrettable, and you have my sympathies, and apologies, for your loss. But I see now why it was inevitable.” That same expression flickered across her face again: black, profound grief, like a wound lanced open to let the infection spill out. “It is always difficult, when it is a child.”
sounded like fighting. And far too close for his liking. His eyes tracked back to the closed bedroom door, Steve still blissfully asleep on the other side.
“Yes, so I see.”  T’Challa frowned.
“Peachy. Glad you found time for the important things,” he said, his voice cold. Rhodey’s grip on his knee increased - in warning? In support?
Apologies for the longer-than-usual gap between parts. I needed to figure out a few plot points before I could continue and knew where I needed to get to, but not quite how to get there. We're back on track now.
) Because it was one thing to seek counselling when not on active duty. It was another thing if you were deployed. And War Machine… War Machine was classified as active deployment.
Something in Tony went cold at that. “You have her looking?”
“Rhodey, don’t you dare -”
. If they could show him that they could knock him out
Tony sighed. Well, he’d tried. It wasn’t his fault he had no idea what to do with a pint-sized and traumatised Steve Rogers. He barely had any idea what to do with him when he was adult-shaped and not in danger of breaking by sneezing too hard. “We’ll fix this, don’t worry,” promised, mentally running through his options. T’Challa, of course - he could mind Rogers until Wanda or someone else managed to turn him back - or maybe he could contact Thor, see if his lunatic brother couldn’t be persuaded to help them out… that was, if Loki wasn’t behind this in the first place.
No serum, no war, no SHIELD betrayal… no mother and no Bucky, either, so it wasn’t all sunshine and roses, but at least the time displacement would be easier on a child.
and you’ve been thawed for three seconds and are already watching 90s sci-fi?” He could hear the shrillness in his voice, the forced levity. Barton was staring at him with a look of dawning horror on his face as he glanced between him and Barnes. Barnes was… not looking at him. But that was fine. It was
Tony laughed. “Don’t you dare, you know I have a heart condition, you absolute asshole.” He shook his head. “Listen, you know you can always tell me if I’m screwing this up - I really
And back, back again - back to Siberia, Tony stripped out of his armour and not a threat at all, helpless and broken in the snow, wearing a Howling Commandos uniform, looking up at Steve, who hadn't done enough (he could never do enough, he could never stop this) -
Then Tony would have been the one pacing nervously outside his operating room and trying to get a hold of his wife and kids.
“On him?”
- when a small, cold child had waved a knife at him ineffectually in a vain attempt to defend himself against the indefensible.
in that voice. As if he’d been thinking it over and over in his head, this perfect impossible ask - next to the
“He could have survived,” you say, and there is an awful note in your voice, too thin and reedy to be true hope. (You don’t dare to hope. You can’t. Not after you watched half the world melt away under your fingertips.) “He could have -“
“Oh, good. As long as you’re using incremental measures for your KPI, and nothing binary like, say, death.”
“He’s asleep.” Which was probably as close to ‘OK’ as Tony was gonna get at this point in time, for both Steve and himself. He glanced across at Barton, who was very pointedly
Mordo... well, Mordo spends the Doctor Strange film being a hero, and then decides that he opposes the Masters on moral reasons and breaks with them to go off and kill magic users because he views them as parasites. So he's not a fan of Wanda. He is, however, very clear on his position that if something like Dormammu were to threaten reality, he'd fight to protect it (because he's a bad guy, but not that type of bad guy, if you follow me.)
had turned out.) And now…
“I’m not quite sure that’s the best thing to do.”
Steve shrugged a little. “Magic,” he said quietly. “I’m supposed to be older, right?”
“You would take their word over mine? We trained together, we
Steve nodded slowly, agonising hope melting across his face. “Okay, mister,” he whispered.
- and taken Wanda, and of course the Dora were making all necessary arrangements for T’Challa. Vision had a body but no legal status, and they had interred him in a vault in Birnin Zana, to be watched and protected from thieves by the Wakandan guards.) Rhodey’s list is a lot longer; a life lived well. (A lengthy, itemised, categorised inventory of loss.)
Judging by the narrowing of T’Challa’s eyes, though, it had not gone unnoticed. “I was detained elsewhere,” the king said smoothly. “Affairs of state.” He offered Tony his hand to shake. “It is good to see you back on your feet, Dr Stark. I was … concerned.”
His mom had said during one particularly angry argument, the words ringing long after the argument had ended.
The connection was perfect, as always. The worry lines on T’Challa’s face were crystal-clear. “My apologies for waking you, Dr Stark,” the king said. “I know that it is the middle of the night in New York.”
“The warfarin,” Tony realised with a sinking feeling. Oh,
What would Tony say, if Steve were to come back?
(See the end of the chapter for
. Tony groaned, shying away from the hand prodding him awake, and tried to peel his eyes open. The light was excruciating, more or less stabbing him in the eyeballs as he blinked himself awake. He was in a bed, weighed down by an impressive pile of blankets and furs, and there was a thatch of blonde hair peeking out from beneath the blankets on his right. And was that - yup, that was the kid’s knee digging into his bladder.
Between the doc, Barton, and now M’Baku…
. Frankly, Tony was feeling a little sick at the thought himself.
It was wonderfully cold and soothing against his parched tongue and he sucked hungrily. He drifted off for a moment - longer, maybe, then resurfaced. He'd missed something, maybe... “Hmmm? You say something?”
human; but then, appearances had been rather deceiving in the past. “Yeah.”
Children were supposed to be resilient, right? They could cope with change.
He rubbed his thumb gently over Steve’s hand, mindful of the catheter. “Come on, kid,” he whispered. “You need to wake up, now.” He bit his lip and reached for the same incentive he’d tried before. It wasn’t even a lie, really; he’d caught Wilson’s slip, earlier. “Your pal Bucky’s gonna come see you real soon, but you gotta be awake for that, okay? You gotta get better and wake up for me.”
Maybe a
“Yeah, OK, fine. But other than that. Why did you call?” Wilson’s gaze was flinty. “How did you say Steve was doing?”
He had no doubt on that score.
the Steve in Tony’s head said, and he was on the sofa in Stark Tower, and he was facing down the Chitauri, and he was in Siberia, and he was smashing his shield into Tony’s chest,
what we’re talking about now?”
“General, are you on board with this fucking nonsense?”
Your hand closes around Rhodey’s gently. “Rhodey,” you say in another man’s voice. “Rhodey, let me do that.”
They waited.
, what the hell,
chose to withhold the source of her power, to pretend that she was somehow morally pure.” His rage was palpable, every muscle in his body taut. “One of the sanctums was destroyed entirely, and the other is still only partly rebuilt. Only New York stands whole, and is protected by someone who is -” his eyes narrowed, “- just like you. And you ask why
he thought, stretching carefully. His ribs ached abominably. They’d healed from the damage in Siberia - mostly - but the bruising had yet to truly fade, and sleeping twisted up had done him no favours. Hell, carting Steve around like a sack of potatoes had also probably not been his brightest move. Jarvis had always complained that Tony was too heavy to carry around as a small child, and Tony had never - quite - believed him. Being balanced on someone’s hip wouldn’t put that much pressure on it, the weight would be spread out, he’d reasoned with impeccable three-year-old logic. Jarvis was just being
She looked at him for a long moment. “You think I will harm him,” she said. There was an odd look in her face, as if she was in pain. “You have been afraid of me for some time, and I thought… I thought you were afraid of what I might do if we were on opposite sides. We had been, and you had seen me work, and so it made sense. But that is not the whole truth, I think.” She reached out slowly, her hand open. Tony kept himself perfectly still. “It is one thing to be afraid of what someone might do to you if they have a reason to,” she said quietly. “But you are afraid of more. You are afraid of what I might do to someone who cannot defend themselves. You are afraid of me. Not of what I might do. Of
He’d wondered whether Barton would make him work for it, pretending that everything was fine and it was all one giant coincidence. “Yes?” He asked flatly, standing up. “You wanted to say something else?”
. At least he was being upfront about things with him, which was considerably more than anyone else had managed. A thought occurred. “Hey, Sam?”
“You’re a lifesaver,” Tony said with real feeling in his voice. “I owe you one.”
“Please,” Tony said gratefully, and awkwardly shook her hand. “Er - Dhakiya, this is Jim Rhodes, War Machine. Rhodey, Dhakiya, the king’s… fixer?” He was fairly certain that ‘tour guide’ was probably wrong.
? Oh, he was gonna fucking
First things first, he’d have to get the kid settled in. Tony plucked at the thin red material of the T-shirt and made a face. “And we’ll get you something else to wear.” Something a little warmer. And less… weird.
“Barnes should stay here,” he managed after a long moment. He addressed Barton, not quite able to make himself face the Soldier. “He should -”
Tony waited until the doctor had left the room to raise an eyebrow at Barton. “Don’t you have a couple of serial killers to hunt down?”
“Well, that’s why I’m taking with me the dynamic duo of Messers Barnes and Barton, marksmen extraordinaire,” Tony snapped back. He stopped, then tried for a more conciliatory tone. “Look, we’ve no indication that Umar is even aware of Steve’s existence, let alone that this might be a problem for her. All we have is Mordo’s story, which I still don’t buy a hundred percent. And, besides…” He shrugged again, settling an arm around the child. “I can’t stay out here, you know,
He ran a hand through his hair before finally admitting defeat and sitting down heavily in the nearest chair. He looked up at her. “Sorry. I just - sorry.” He waved a hand. “Have a seat, Wanda. I think I can guess why you’re here.”
He straightened his shoulders. “I - he’s fine, a credit to the species, he’s -”
Barton rolled his eyes. “Just because you can’t keep your ward in crayons doesn’t mean the kid should suffer, oh concussed one.”
He sat down on the bed and took it all in. This was almost too much. It was stifling how much it made him yearn for the time he felt like he truly had a home. Here it was a mockery of it. He wanted to accept how much this could be his home, yet his mind still reached back into the past; still sought the presence of the Commandos and Bucky. He wanted that back, but even he knew it was easier to move forward in time than backwards. He took a deep breath before he decided to head up to the top floor. Even though it was Tony’s floor, it was considered a common area. Or at least that is what he had been told.
"Oh look who's gotten all Stark-y." Clint shot back. Tony let out a mock laugh before flipping the man off. Natasha looked at Steve. The two seemed to be having a silent conversation between them. Tony rounded on them.
"Coulson is on in route. The safe house is initiated now. JARVIS is being downloaded as we speak." Was all Bruce could say. It was not his place to tell Tony that his Perfect Match was also heading that way. The Safe house was a set up by The Society of Enhanced Human, not SHIELD. Which would mean that there would be a commotion when Steve arrived in a jet. By the time Bruce closed the phone, Steve, Natasha and Clint were gone, leaving him alone with Pepper, who was sitting int he chair beside the bed. It was clear she was frightened for Tony. He walked up to her and laid his hand on her shoulder.
Instantly their hands were back together, electricity ran down them. It was like the first time only without the blacking out bit. Tony rubbed himself against Steve as his lips attached themselves to Steve's neck, intent on marking the man. Eventually he pulled back, admiring his mark. Steve seemed to grow impatient because soon he was back on his back, legs spread wide by Steve's hands. Those eyes roamed over him again, greedily watching him. Tony felt himself grow harder at this, his cock twitching and leaking on his stomach. Steve leaned down and licked a stripe over his cock, lapping up the precum that laid on his stomach. Tony arches off the bed, pleasure tearing through him.
"Widow, make him vanish." A voice almost snarled before Tony was wrapped in the blanket that was beneath him. The smell water and leather wafted into his nose and he...melted. That scent made him just go limp for a moment. Strong arms wrapped around him.
"Clint, make sure Banner enters his code into J.A.R.V.I.S as well."
"There is a meeting at 0600 tomorrow on this floor in that room." She pointed to a seemingly random door before she pointed her finger at Steve. "Do not miss it" With that she followed Bruce to the elevator. When the metal doors closed, he was left in the room with Clint. The man's hand flexed on his shoulder.
"Whatever you say, Cap" Tony said before he paused. He stared at Steve for a moment before he looked down at his sweater then back at Steve.
"No we aren't. You killed for missions, for a cause. I killed out of ignorance and blind following"
"Why are you lying? My machines killed hundreds of people. Merchant of Death, remember?" Steve hid his face in his hand, letting out a frustrated sound. That had been the reason why they did not want to tell Tony his last name. They hadn't wanted him to get the wrong kind of impression of what kind of person he was. All the Tabloids, Newspapers and Articles painted Tony more as an evil heartless man instead of the hero he was truly.
"Why? Why does it matter how I act? I could easily be back in Nevada, happy."
"What is in it for you?" She asked carefully. Tony held up his hands and gave her and impish smile.
A scream echoed off the blackened room. Pain. Endless Pain. Consuming, Maddening Pain
"You okay?"
"Bruce…I…I got a…no never mind. The alcohol isn't working. I'm on the edge of a spiral" That was all he had to say. Bruce muttered a curse before he heard clicking of keys on the other end.
"It's almost a hundred degrees in here. How is it that you are not dying of heat stroke with that jump suit on?" She asked, her tone genuinely curious. Jet looked back into the car with a frown.
"Like this? Is this what you remembered?" Steve whispered huskily against Tony's chest. His larger fingers stroked over his puckered hole. Tony was practically vibrating in place as that finger teased and pushed against him. He wanted more. He pushed back into the finger only to have it move away. Tony whined and looked down at Steve, pouting a bit. Steve chuckled and pulled one of his hands back before holding up two fingers to Tony.
"Very high. Knowing Pepper, she has thousands of candidates already, and more coming in daily. I seriously think Pepper has a super power. I think it is some kind of super multitasking power. She gets a hold of something and it is guaranteed to be a huge success."
"Are you telling me, you want to protect my heart Steve?" Tony asked in a hesitate voice. It was as if the darkness of the night gave Tony the chance to open himself up, be vulnerable to Steve. There was a skip in his heart beat at the idea of being the one that protects Tony's heart. The very heart he had hurt so many months ago. They had come so far, it seems. Because Steve desperately wanted to be that person for Tony. To be the one that protects the most precious and fragile part of Tony. The part no one, save Pepper, had the chance to protect.
"Tony!" Steve said, reaching out to grab the man's arm to prevent him from continuing his tirade. Out of all the Avengers, Natasha was likely the most deadly in a situation like this. Yet, it was Natasha who held up a hand, indicating to let Tony do what he was going to do.
"I suppose I could make a couple pairs for S.H.E.I.L.D and maybe a couple pairs for the Society of Enhanced Humans in specific condensed areas. But not too many because that could pose a problem." He said dull tone. He finished off his scotch before he looked at the goggles. Even with them, he seriously doubted he would be able to find a Sentinel that would be able to handle his Guide powers enough to bond with him. He had been looking all these years. No luck. Even with his money, all the Sentinel that he came into contact with him were unable to forge a strong enough bond with him. He was just...going to give up. It was the best thing he could do. Continue to drink and have random sex. It was all he could do to stay sane. It was all he could do to have some semblance at a happy life.
To:Tony   From: Pepper
"Jesus Jet, fucking relax. God are you stupid or something?" Zac snarled as he stood over Jet. Jet looked up at him bewildered a bit. He stuttered for a moment, before fear gripped his chest as Zac moved to leave. No, he couldn't let that happen. No, he didn't want to be alone right then. He got up from the ground and stumbled to Zac, grabbing his wrist.
MSG: Is Natasha busy? I have a new mission for her. For Captain America.
Someone remember's part of themselves.
Chapter 4
"Captain, you and Potts in the diner yet?"
"Where am I really?" He said. She looked uneasy before she blinked several times. A sign she was out of her element. Out of her orders. That this situation was not going the way she wanted it to.
"It shouldn’t come as too much of a surprise, since I am the closest to Tony. But, I‘m more here to validate what Mr. Banner and Ms.Romanov  are going to tell you. I must point out that I am disappointed to find that the man who stands for all that is good in America cannot bring himself out of his confusion and anger about his current standing in life in order to avoid lashing out at those that only wish to help." She said, still giving him that small smile. He felt like he was just scolded by his mother. He wanted to hang his head in shame. He folded his hands on his lap and sat straighter in his chair. He looked at Natasha and Bruce who seemed to be having a silent conversation with their eyes. Natasha nodded and looked at Steve. A calculated look crossed her face for a moment before she spoke.
All those emotions greeted Tony as he awoke. They were not his own. But the good thing was that they only came from one source. He was even more surprised that he caught only snippets of the thoughts of the source. He opened his eyes, finally becoming aware of the fact that there was a thick arm around his waist and a strong body pressed against his back . It took his mind a moment to bring up the last thing he remembered. He melted backwards as he remembered how Steve came in. The flash of blue light that flashed, indicating them as perfect matches. He couldn't believe it. He was bonded. And not just to anyone, he was bonded to Steve Rogers. Captain America. Mr. Too Good To Be True. He looked over his shoulder, wanting it to be true.
"How did we not know?"
He found that he did not care that Steve was withholding information from him. Anyone else, he knew he would be livid and pushing for more. But with Steve, he had a sense of safety and consideration. Like the man would never intentionally hold sensitive and need-to-know information from him without a reason. Tony rubbed his face against the leather jacket in front of him, enjoying the soft feel of it. He chuckled a bit when he felt Steve's shoulders jump. He could tell the man was tensing a bit, as if not expecting Tony to be this comfortable with him. He noticed that it was getting dark. They had traveled nearly to the Texas boarder. It was getting dark now. They only stopped to get food and stretch their legs, but at night they planned on pulling off for the night at a little inn.
"Yeah. You could say you are a genius when it comes to machines. Scary genius." Steve said with a chuckle.
"That's good."
"God this must be a dream. You only come in my dreams." He whispered, struggling not to cry. A hand came into his line of sight, it hesitated for a moment before it moved to the blue light source. Jet stiffened for only a fraction of a second before the hand came to rest over the light. Unlike Zac's hand, this one felt perfect. Felt right and ok. Tony let out a soft sob as that hand pressed the blue light deeper into his chest, which pushed him deeper into the man's arms.
"So, I make things. But if I make things at the shop, why would that matter?"
He walked into the bathroom, having decided on a shower. He stepped into the tiny closet of a shower and turned that water on, not caring the temperature. The water beat down on his skin. He rested his arms on the wall and stared down, watching the water flow over the thing in his chest. It had been glowing between him and that dream man. While the man was faceless and nameless, he could tell the man was something very special to him. The tail end of the dream had provided at least that much. He was uneasy about showing off the machine in his chest, so he knew instinctively that he wouldn't like anyone touching it. But the man in his dream had no problem reaching up and laying his hand down upon the top of it. And the sense of safety that permeated the dream was enough to spell out the truth of their relationship. He had been in love. Or rather was still in love given his reaction. How could he love someone he didn't remember? He couldn't be sure.
He took a step back as his eyes met blue. The right color blue. They held so much sorrow and joy, that it nearly floored him. He forced his eyes to break the connection to look at the woman. She looked devastated but completely happy. Suddenly she stood up and wrapped him in her arms. He was hit with a very familiar perfume. She felt so...right in holding him. He started to shake as she cried against his shoulder. He felt like he had done this to her many times before. He felt like this beautiful blond had been like this before. Like this was something that changed them forever. He felt all this as he awkwardly patted the woman's back. His eyes once again caught the man's blue eyes. Everything about him was so...right. So much so it ached to look at him. It hurt to see him.
"A little out dated don't you think, Cap?" Tony said, picking fun at the place. It didn't matter if Steve thought of it as an empty box - it was his empty box and to have Tony once again make fun of his choices was like pouring gasoline on an fire.
"I got us dinner, figure we both need it after such a long day" The man said with a chuckle. Jet smiled and nodded, heading into the apartments. Zac parked and handed Jet the food, saying he was going to get a shower in before he came over. Jet nodded and headed into the apartment. He set the food down and went to a shower as well. He scrubbed himself clean and was exiting only to freeze. There stood Zac in the door way. His mind cut off for a moment. Zac's eyes instantly fell to over his heart. There was a plain look on his face. Jet sneered and walked to grab his shirt.
Tony walked to the dresser and pulled the jumpsuit out. Steve nodded and held out his hand to Tony. Tony just stared at it before a small smile bloomed on his lips. He reached out and took that hand. He knew then, that his life was going to be better. It had to be. It simply couldn't get much worse. Steve's phone rang and he picked up quickly, motioning for Tony to follow him out of the room.
Jet stepped back and slammed the hood of the old truck down. It's owner, one would be in to pick it up in another half and hour. He walked to the garage door, watching as thunder clouds rolled in. A desert storm most likely. Jet would welcome some rain and chaos that came with the storm. It matched his current mood. The storm rolled in, but no rain came. None what so ever. Jet looked over the crappy cellphone he bought a couple of days ago. Zac had taken a lunch break before him, since Jet had been intensely focused on the truck. It had needed work and he did not want Dr. Foster to have to come in again. Not that he told Marco that. He normally did a bit more work on the cars that belonged to women and families.
"Because you are not, Tony. You became Ironman to fix the wrongs. You changed your company from creating Weapons to creating clean energy and new age devices. Plus… with us, you are not that man. With us, you are different. You were always the one who gave much more of himself for our sake… You….gave us a home, Tony. You gave us a home without expecting anything in return. You gave us a sanctuary where we could be ourselves. You….gave us that. Gave us more than anyone else has or ever will"
Thirst. Need. Achy.
"In his own way, he looks out for those he cares about. Heck, he annoys and pokes me because he knows that everyone else walks on egg shells around me. He is okay with the fact I am dangerous when unstable, and in turn that makes me okay with….being myself around him. It helps in a twisted way. He helps me be less serious about things. That is what Tony does. He tries to hide behind his mask while still taking care of his small group of friends"
"I don't appreciate you invading my Guide's privacy Stark." Natasha's cool tone said through the speaker. He could already pick up Natasha's anger. But as soon as it came, it was soothed over by Pepper's feeling for him. He felt so bad that he was virtually looking in on their bond. No other Guide to date could do that. Oh how special he was. For all his bravado and mask of a cocky arrogant man, he was not. He stood strong on the things that he believed in, fought tooth and nail to do so. But everything else was kind left to his whims.
"Yeah, just spent the last several hours keeping Capsicle from spiraling into Oblivion. Took a toll on me. Anyways, I brought you here because I want to give you something. More like give you your own baby. Not baby baby but a project." He said waving off Natasha' dark look. He clapped his hand and instantly an image came up. It showed Natasha's and Pepper's waves laid over each other. The words 'Project: Match' were in bold. He waved his hand and the image changed to the bullet points of what he figured Pepper already knew.
To:Tony  From: Pepper
"Custom? Do I do that a lot? Customize things?" Jet asked, curious. This was one of the first things Steve was actually telling him about who he was.
"MY SHEILD BROTHER IT IS GOOD TO SEE YOU! WHY HAVE YOU NOT RETURNED?!" Jet looked at the man confused before he jerked back a bit. Jet stared at the man with suspicion and hope. Did this man and woman know him? Was it possible? Before Jet could say anything, Zac stepped forward. Jet looked uncertain. Dr. Foster seemed to realize this because she also looked confused. She then pulled out her phone and left for a moment.
Steve and Tony bond
"...Jane. I don't remember anything. Like at all. I am only starting to piece everything together. As much as I want to hope that your friend really knows me...I am not holding my breath." He said in a sad tone. Jane reached out and touched his arm softly. Jet felt so...good with contact. It made him weak, according to Zac. But he always needed some kind of physical reassurance. He liked being touched. Not sexually, but he liked physically affection.
"Obediah Stane." Tony said, as if answering the unasked question. "He was like a father figure to me when my father died. He helped me with the company. But then he paid the terrorist to kidnap me. They did this to me. They made it so I have to live with this reactor. Then he ripped it from my chest and left me to die. I trusted him. I trusted him with everything I was, and he tried to kill me twice." Tony whispered in a broken tone. It was clear now, that Tony did not suffer from insomnia. Rather he suffered from nightmares. It made sense now. Tony did not want to be alone. It made even more sense why Tony was Sentineled. Steve shifted and pushed a little bit on the reactor. Tony looked up bewildered.
After the downfall of Loki and the army that came with him, the Avengers disbanded for a bit. Steve hopped onto the motorcycle that Tony Stark had fixed up for him. He never understood why the man had done it. They were at each other's throats the entire time. The only reason why they worked so well was because when they had to, they worked together for a common cause. But after that, after it was over, they moved out. Tony Stark surprised him by offering the avengers his tower, after it was remodeled of course. When it was clear that Thor was heading out, the assassins were going to another assignment and he needed to get out and see how much the world had changed. So, when he told Fury and the rest of the Avengers that he was going to be setting out the parts unknown, he had not been expecting to see a motorcycle sitting in his designated parking spot two days later. On the motorcycle was a sticky note. It read:
"Then I will listen no matter what. You….used to tell me all your dreams. It helped you sleep again." Steve said in a soft voice, as if he was a little upset about not knowing. Did he have bad dreams? Tony wondered. Tony looked away for a moment.
"That…makes sense…" Steve said, trailing off, not really sure what to say to that. Bruce was the doctor who would know more about that kind of stuff then himself. There wasn't much he could offer in the way of an explanation for why he and his Perfect Match had sat in the same room for two days, bracelets free, and never suspected what they were to one another. Pepper was looking at him with the softest of smiles. It was clear that she took this news well. He couldn't help but feel a little bad for Pepper. The woman had to stand by and watch Tony, knowing that one day he may just end it all, and know she could do nothing to stop it.
"Well I can tell you I only fixed cars. I never made anything." Jet said, hoping to sooth the worry that seemed to grow in Steve's eyes. It seemed he used to make things that were dangerous. Weapons would be his first bet. He could vividly think about how to make a bomb.
"I am Jet Snow. Nice to meet you." He said with a tentative smile. He did not trust Harold, but he needed to get to town and this was the way he could go about it.
"Whoa, chill out dude. What the hell is wrong with you all of a sudden?"
Tony was silent through the entire flight home. He avoided looking at anyone in order to keep his mind on the task at hand. Which was to gather as much information about himself as possible. He even got to figure out that his last name was Stark. The data streams that flew through his mind painted a very…depressing and saddening picture. He felt his stomach clench as he saw story after story of all his antics and all the trouble he caused. He now understood why Pepper was so upset by him vanishing. They all thought he was dead. They had to watch him basically explode into pieces. He couldn't figure out how he survived it and ended up in Nevada. He hands gripped his pants tightly. This was why Steve wanted to keep him in the dark about his last name.
Jet went to the bathroom, coming out and wiping his hand on the front of the jumper. He looked into the office, seeing Dr. Foster there and...Zac. Jet could tell from where he was that Zac was making a pass at the brunette. The brunette seemed to laugh it off. Jet felt a little hurt by it, but it didn't matter. He walked into the office.
"If I did collect Heros, you certainty wouldn't be one of them. You're just one successful experiment my father created. And if he created it, I can
He jumped a bit when he heard a knocking on his door. It was solid and sure. Jet stood and walked to the door, figuring it was Zac. He yanked the door open with a scowl only to stare at the rather bulky...awkward blond standing in his door way. In one hand the man then a carrier with two large cups of what smelt like coffee. In the other hand there was a bag with what smelt like food. Tucked under the large arm was a book of some kind. Jet just stood there, taking the man in before the man gave him a sheepish grin. How a man who looked like he could throw a car and still look sheepish was beyond him.
"Clint is talking to Marco right now about your job. We need to check how much work you have been doing and if you did anything...custom" Steve said with a shrug, walking back to the sitting area.
"No dice. Both water bottles and the sandwich for that." Tony said, taking the bait unknowingly. Steve frowned, not letting Tony know he had done what Steve wanted him to. He let out a long exasperated sigh before pushing the plate closer to Tony.
"I am sorry about my friend. He lost his friend recently." She said in a slightly winded voice. Jet gave a soft sigh, looking away. He almost wished that Thor was right about knowing him. He could use a friend like that.
He shook his thoughts away and stepped out of the shower. He had just wrapped a towel around his waist when there was a knock at the door. He frowned a bit, considering who it could be. He felt fear race down his spine for a moment. What if it was those people from the compound? What if they found him and were here to capture him. He hesitated in the doorway of the bathroom. The knock came again, only this time it was accompanied by a voice.
"Three weeks so far. Look, I doubt I am the person you are looking for. Hell I don't even know the name of the guy you are looking for"
"Look Dr. Foster~"
"DONT! STAND DOWN! Let him go" A serious, strong voice said. That voice nearly made him fall to his knees. It was the right voice and everything. Jet ran like he never ran before. He did not know why he was running. He just had to. Had to run away from them. It was too much at once. Too many feelings. But it was the voices that came with the familiarity that was breaking him down.
"I see you found my newest invention. It cost way too much to replace the stupid bags every time you and Thor decide to have a bad day. It was almost too easy to create that. It is a learning bag. It never returns the same way twice and it always comes back with a stronger force than the one you delivered. It is really something out of my pure genius." Tony commented in a cocky tone. Steve looked over at the man who was leaning back against the door frame of the gym. He actually looked at Tony, looked passed the arrogant words and cocky stance. There was a wary look in Tony's eyes, as if he wasn't sure he wanted to be in the same room as Steve. Steve did not blame him at all for the weariness. But there was something else. A kind of hope. As if he hoped that Steve liked the bag. As if he was trying give Steve something that Steve did not yet have. Steve rolled onto his feet and grabbed his towel. He headed towards the door, pausing only to gently pat Tony on the back.
"Found one!" Tony said waving it around. Steve looked up from his phone to Tony before looking back absently. Suddenly Steve's face jerked back up and a blush grew bright across his cheeks. Tony was startled by this. He lowered it.
