It's only gone six in the evening, and the extra shift is already starting to feel like it is going to last forever as John is stomping down the theatre floor's main corridor on his way back from having a quick cup of tea. He's having to split his attention between keeping an eye on a fledgeling registrar and handling a challenging continuous-spinal-and-sedation for a hip fracture. The patient has dementia, severe COPD combined with obesity and sleep apnoea, he's confused and combative, and the sedation has to be adjusted just so that he continues breathing but doesn't try taking a swing at the orthopaedist.
In his room he starts cleaning out his closets, tossing the contents haphazardly into a duffle bag by his feet. There’s more here than will fit in one bag so he staggers back downstairs to grab some black bin bags and then back upstairs. Bin bags, yeah, that's just about perfect. That's where his relationship with Sherlock has been consigned —  to the rubbish bin.
"Edgar needs a good briefing," John says firmly. "He does need to understand the medical side of things — to know what's to be expected."
She smiled at him. “No, you can’t. You haven’t the faintest idea. The church service is one thing, and all those books and websites you’ve been looking at talk about speeches and behaviour at the reception. But the party after is whole different thing. You are not, by definition, a
John let out a slow breath. "Sherlock. I'm not in the mood for games. She's teething which means she doesn't sleep, and I'm just knackered. And poor," he complained, sounding more pathetic than he'd meant.
Sherlock’s focus doesn’t shift from his phone. “Wonton.”
Mary was reaching for the door handle, but turned and gave him an apologetic look.
Sherlock moves to the part of the wall nearest the brocade curtains, which are drawn. "Let's take this one, shall we? It's close enough to home to mean something to you. Eurofins Scientific, which as you know controls half of the whole UK market in forensic services was subjected to a cyberattack—ransomware that infected its systems and shut it down for two weeks in June, delaying more than seventy thousand cases going through the Justice system."
"that the time will come when hundreds of Englishmen will come to Switzerland for the skiing season. I believe I may be the first, save only two Switzers, to do any mountain work, but I am certain I will not by many thousands be the last."
I think the brothers have exchanged enough jovial barbs for tonight. "Good night, Mycroft. Sweet dreams." I take Sherlock's hand in mine and lead him into our bedroom.
Even the DI, the man that Sherlock had worked with for years, had seemed unable to take John's side. He'd pulled him off Moran as if that bastard had not deserved every punch John could land.
? I am what I am. You are who you are. I respect that; I respect you." He shakes the paper. "This is unnecessary. I thought we had a good working relationship, John, and see no reason to change things or to use this sort of stupid agreement that has no legal basis to alter our arrangement. I will endeavour to avoid gratuitously irritating you if you will do the same."
—the one who could be trusted to frame questions so as to intrigue her, to engage her intelligence in answering the needs of the state, and to do it without the end result being a massacre.
------------------------------------------------
I have to ask, "How do you know this will be any better?"
I didn't know anything when you and I talked about it, but Steadman's unit and the Dahl Foundation have asked him to head up a major research project. Or, more accurately, GOSH wants to hire him as the lead for the hydrocephaly unit's research. It would be two days a week, but Sherlock definitely wants to stay here at King's for the other three."
"Some of the Cambridge professors certainly had… personality."
Broken.
thing seems aimed straight at you."
It’s not enough to knock him out, but he crumples, hand up to his nose to stem the bleeding. He's still crouched on the floor tiles while Moran goes over to the basin, calmly washes the blood off his knuckles and then dries his hands at the paper towel dispenser. Moran wads up the towels and tosses them onto John. "Oops, missed the rubbish bin," he pronounces as he walks out of the door.
really does reside alongside Waterloo Station. What do we say about coincidences?
Violet had been even more shocked. "Well, something is better than nothing," she replied. "I suppose I should be pleased that we have talked more to each other here than we have in ages. Is this something you think we should continue?"
"Not hungry right how, no."
A security expert is explaining how someone had copied the post and put it on twitter, and it lapped its way around the world.  As images of the Facebook page are superseded by a graphic—the letter M—the presenter continues, "No one knows who is behind this all-out assault. We only have a single initial. Four incidents within four days. A threat that's specific:
“Than
You take the book if only to stop her from talking more about poetry.
The message is from Sherlock.
John shrugs and says, "It's your decision."
The menu is in a lit glass case on the wall. Sherlock takes his glasses out of his jacket pocket, arranges them meticulously on his features and starts to read. He can't have skimmed more than a few lines of it before he starts shaking his head. "No, no,
Mycroft had calculated our journey time to utter perfection, and we'd turned up at the restaurant exactly at the slot he had booked. By the time we skidded to a halt in front of the entrance, muscles I'd forgot I even possessed had begun to complain, and the cold had started to seep into my bones.
"Stupid," Sherlock mutters. "I hate this."
He knows the order that he has been waiting for has come in when the staff member answering the call straightens imperceptibly, taps in an order which light ups on the screen as the Shangri La suite on Level 39.
He now pushes her hands a bit, to help her step back on the left leg as Irina resumes clapping. They repeat the back and forward movement a few times, each time Janine's growing more confident. It's important to Sherlock that she sees the dancing as fun; he needs her to keep her happy if his plot is going to succeed. If only she were better at it.
Those weren’t the words I was expecting.
Now it is Sherlock's turn to pace. "He's targeted American and British air systems, in order to maximise the pressure on you. Two o'clock was our turn. The balance of probabilities says it will be the American's turn next."
Two years ago, Sherlock had said ‘
Again, a sequence is tapped in, but this one has special commands attached, to bury it deep. It will only wake up when the LTCC is passed control of the two flights. The commands will alter the data being communicated by the flight controllers to the planes, bringing them closer and closer, without any evidence appearing on their screens. No alarms will sound; no warnings will be heard.
"You don't need to prove anything," John points out. "They handpicked you because they already believe you can do this."
) dimension.
"What if those faults are too great to compensate for?"
Pressing the speed dial, Sherlock walked with purpose away from the crowded street. The recipient picked up on the first ring.
The quiet of the Diogenes Club is usually consoling to Mycroft, but not today. Alone with his thoughts, he cannot help but ruminate over all that has gone wrong. His tea has gone cold and there are two untouched Bourbon biscuits sitting on a side plate beside the Royal Doulton ‘Old Colony’ teacup. The blue floral ribbed rim pattern has borne silent witness to many a machination of government since it became ‘the’ china of the Diogenes club in 1959. Carefully preserved since the discontinuation of its production in 1988, Mycroft wonders whether he will be afforded the same respect after he's gone.
“Yeah,,. that's exactly what I'm doing. Ta. Thanks for the invite Greg. Don’t call me, I’ll call you, yeah.”
John wonders. He realises he's making this so-called-friendly-pint into a second job interview while it's not his decision whether to employ Edgar or not. He had been pleasantly surprised at Sherlock's willingness to dismiss the man if John didn't like him, but it's not fair to give Edgar the boot just because of that, is it?
Then she'd asked Sherlock an unthinkably forward question. "Don't suppose John Watson's old bedroom is available?"
As Mycroft settles into his chair, Sherlock swirls his drink and sketches a rudimentary toast, “I stabbed my arm to drink her health.”
I wish I could snap at him, unleash my snark, be a dick because then it would make it easier for him. And for me. Instead, I just sit there, watching, silent. Frozen in place because I must brace myself for the next words I know are coming.
whiteboard is taken up with the man's materials.
Crisis averted (though why it's his crisis he does not know).
He struggles to keep his facial expression neutral as he forwards the message. Anthea acknowledges receipt instantly—he is grateful to have such excellent staff. Perhaps they can unravel the mystery.
He snarks back, "Yes, well, tiny minds would have difficulties in grasping the significance. The curtain is rising; a performance is about to start and someone is interested in making sure we are paying attention."
"You okay?" John asks when they wait for the lift to reach the entrance floor.
?” Magnussen bends down to stroke a finger down her cheek, before giving it a flick that stings.
The answer is on my lips before a conscious thought of it even surfaces. "Please, God, let me live and see Sherlock again."
"I'm… alright."
has been able to bridge the gap between them once the truth of his disappearance had become known.
He takes a long look at Edgar who is looking out the window and sipping his wine, and reminds himself of what Sherlock had commented about his motives for trying on a PA for size: he had told John he did it to ensure his new job wouldn't compromise their home life. Their relationship. Their marriage.
He's always been impressed by Sherlock, has always admired his husband. But now it seems that Sherlock has finally broken through the limitations he had believed he had, demanding that others accommodate his… quirks so that they could make use of his talents — instead of trying to force his proverbial square peg into a round hole to fit in. He had stumbled occasionally in the early stages of this new project, just as John had predicted he would, but wouldn't anyone? Had Sherlock struggled more than any of his esteemed neurosurgical research colleagues would have done in the face of this formidable challenge? After all, a much older and much more administratively experienced colleague who was likely as neurotypical as they came, had failed to get the shunt design unit off the ground.
John is incandescent with rage. As he exits the Diogenes Club his phone pings, annoying him even more. As he reaches into his pocket to switch it off, he notes the sender of the message, Mary:
me my career, along with the fact that I have learned I have considerable skills reading people and anticipating their actions. It's just that those abilities cannot be turned off — it's exhausting to constantly over-analyse everything I and others say and do or don't say and don't do. Thankfully, I can harness those abilities for the use of my employers. My brain would rot in some office job with just a computer to keep me company. Must be on the move, must be with people — doing, doing, doing — that's me; the busy little bee, wondering why others couldn't keep up."
The answer comes to me as my eyes drift from one piece of paper to the next. I spot familiar names of ski routes on his scribblings. In typical Sherlockian fashion, he's trying to
"Did you specialise in obstetrics?" she asks gesturing to the display when he doesn't move off them.
Inspiration for Chapter Seven:
Violet makes a note of her choice of words:
"And if you both miss? In this gloom, it's probably likely."
were the one who made him kill himself on Hampstead Heath. Isn't that right, Colonel Moran?"
"Big steps forward, I see. You must be pleased."
smugness. You can't banish from your head Sally Donovan's comment on that first night you met her: "One day we'll be standing around a body and it will be Sherlock Holmes that put it there."
, he's been using cocaine to work on the evidence board in his Mind Palace. So long as he can delay his come-down, he can spend his evenings with Janine, dancing and trying to get her to trust him enough to let him into Magnussen's office and flat. The work is the only thing keeping his depression at bay. When he and Janine part tonight, he will vanish to a convenient bolt hole with enough heroin to sleep off the cocaine. It's his routine these days. When he wakes up and returns to Baker Street, the cycle will start all over again. As he watches Janine following Irina, Sherlock is confident that he can manage the dancing. It's a known fact that dancing releases endorphins, and right now he can do with all of the natural chemical help he can get.
How could it be that a man so socially oblivious, so communicationally fumbling, so uncaring about even his own health and well-being, could do such things as what he'd done today? How could it be that he'd managed to do them in a way that didn't make John feel more pathetic than he already did? The burden of things he still needed to do to get his life back on track now felt so much lighter.
Edgar is still beaming. "That'd be lovely, thank you. Oh, I don't mind such questions; I will be equally curious regarding your life stories, I assure you."
A wry smile, then "Don't know. Haven't a clue, really. If you promise me you won't tell Sherlock or John, I'll go see your boss, tomorrow night, around eight. That okay?"
Sherlock ignores the barb.
He flips the paper open to the full-page article taking up the entirety of the front page.
"Come again?"
This room lacks any real sense of history. He would be far more comfortable if he were sitting at a table in a House of Commons committee room or even in the more modern surroundings of Portcullis House. He's made a career of facing a row of politicians ostensibly charged with ‘getting to the bottom of things’ but in reality, just seeking a plausible story to placate their constituents. Mycroft is good at meeting those needs.
Thumbing replay, he listens to the voice mail message as a familiar female voice announces:
Sherlock pulls the plug, and I manage to clamber out, my legs quivering as he towels me dry.
Sherlock bends over the open case, and John watches him select the one that Moran had filled. He feels a stab of… what? Annoyance? Guilt?
Drew and Patel exchange a glance. "Well, that's… um,
Jim positions the point of knife in the space just above his kneecap and pauses. Sebastian’s eyes flick from the knife to Jim. Jim is watching Sebastian intently for a reaction, any reaction, as he pushes in deeper, through the quadriceps tendon to the cartilage. It's not as sensitive as it would be without all the damage it incurred during his years of rugby at Eton, but it’s ramping the pain level up significantly. His abdominal muscles clench reflexively, and a hiss escapes his lips. Jim seems to think that things are progressing nicely as he, head cocked to the side watching him, grins.
"I should take it as a compliment, then."
"Yes." Mycroft drains his glass, the remnants of the ice cubes clinking against the side.
John stops at the doorway but doesn't turn. Stands there for a moment, back to Sherlock. He raises his chin and takes a breath before letting it slowly out. “What’s that got to do with anything?"
"My throat's not that sore," he insists, as though he could decide which upper respiratory infections are acceptable for him and which are too pedestrian to even consider.
Mary smiled again and leaned forward.
She hands over a keyring, with one rather old-fashioned skeleton type of key hanging from it. "You'll be visible street side for less than a few seconds. The lock has been recently oiled to improve your speed of entry. The keypad entrance to the garden flat is already programmed with your fingerprint."
"What's the alternative?"
"He's not my parent," Sherlock dismisses, "as much as my mother likes to think she passed on that torch to him."
"You leave a note in any category, and I will address that request. Picking up dry cleaning? A note in #clothing will do the trick. A restaurant reservation for a romantic night out? Just pick the pertinent category and leave me a few words. Perhaps we might add categories such as #on call and #GOSH negotiations?" Edgar suggests. "Just press the plus. I've had a friend code a modification for me that, among other things, hops over some of the steps with inviting people to a new group; it customises things so that your Slack only communicates with mine and John's. Turns out that he was already familiar with it; the administration at King's uses it. Slack makes managing various things simpler and adds a firewall of privacy."
“Therapy.”
"There's no fire! It's just powder — enough to set off the smoke alarms. It's Moran. He's doing this on purpose, mirroring what I did when I broke into Moriarty's flat."
"Again with the bloody Holmes cryptic answers!" John exclaimed. "Explain.
Moriarty spins around and glares hard at Sherlock. "So, mister know-it-all, tell me how I made an entire plane's systems go offline and send it crashing into the earth? That's something that no one's been able to work out."
As he reaches for his cup, Janine looks up with a coy smile. "Like your women hot, too?" There is enough obvious innuendo in her tone of voice to make him realise that she is giving this a sexual connotation, enough to dispel his initial confusion over why a woman's body temperature would make any difference to their appeal.
"No, unless he's annoyed with me.
I don't like the notion that I'm some knight in white, swooping in to save him. Sherlock has worked hard to get to where he is professionally, and he's worked hard to learn to manage with people better. He's also put in a hell of a lot of work into our relationship, more than I have deserved at times. But, of course, I can't deny that those things have been harder for him than most. Maybe it just frustrates the fuck out of me that after all this time, I'm left feeling rather clueless about how to help him with what has happened. If I give him space, he takes it and then demands more. If I try to talk to him, he bites my head off. If I dare to suggest he should talk to someone else, he acts as though I've condemning him to walk the plank or want to lock him into some asylum.
I glance around and realise that Branger's effectively referring to me since I'm just behind Steve
“Greg knows you too well. Maybe if you hadn’t insisted on interviewing him alone With the cameras turned off.” John softens it with a wry smile.
"What are you going to do? Is Mycroft going to bore you again?"
John sighs. "Yeah, that's exactly why we need to have this conversation. And dispose of those gloves properly before you touch anything, or we're both going to end up with diarrhoea.
He slid his finger across the smooth page, counting silently.
The band is playing one of the all-time great pieces of tango music: Oblivion by Astor Piazzolla.
She'd actually squealed, making him pull the phone away from his ear in alarm. Before he could recover to ask who was torturing her, she'd shrieked "Jesus, Mary and all the saints! You're a saviour, Sherlock Holmes. The best boyfriend I've ever had."
“What about the rest of you?” John nods to the parts of Sherlock concealed beneath the blanket.
Moran shifts on his feet, moving the point of the blade to sit just below Sherlock’s right nipple, pressing it in and then scouring a fiery path down Sherlock’s chest with the blade. Sherlock hangs his head down to watch the blood bead at the tip of the blade where it slices into flesh before running free. He can’t stifle the groan that escapes his lips.
Mrs Hudson paused as she stepped into the flat, saucer and teacup in one hand, plate of biscuits in the other. Molly was handing John a cup of tea while DI Donovan was preparing her own cup. Sherlock was walking slowly toward the windows, a bounce and sway in his step, posture crooked back to hold a sleeping Rosie, while sipping from his own cup.
him well, as a teen and a child. I know him
Oblivion(Reimagined) - Zayde Wølf • Oblivion (Reimagined)
"Wait for it," he whispers. He counts it down: "Five, six, seven," then "pause". When Irina claps, he moves his left leg forward. As Janine steps back with her own right leg, he murmurs, " replace."
He's looking out the window, waiting for the coffee to cool just off scalding point, when his phone buzzes. Knocking the macchiato back in one long swallow, Sebastian pulls the phone out of his pocket and unlocks it. No password is needed; Jim had sorted it for facial recognition six months before Apple had first marketed this option.
"Yes, you can. He took his own life;
“Maybe I should just move out.”
He wraps his arms even more tightly around his legs and breathes in the smell of his pyjama trousers. At least they feel (and smell) familiar, comforting — it wasn't as if he had been able to pack a bag before he disappeared. Nothing else seems to be the same though; there is a constant strained silence in the flat, there are no late nights in front of the telly and John hasn't entered Sherlock’s room since his return.
, that exquisite sense of timing that makes all the difference in the execution of the decisive fencing action.
Once that's done, Sherlock eventually — and I am using the word 'eventually' in a rather charitable manner — Sherlock falls asleep. For a while, I think he is feigning, but when he lets out a snore that I recognise from his days in the halo, I know he's truly succumbed. He really does hate to sleep on his back but, as long as his legs and chest need to be elevated, this noise is going to be the norm again. At the chalet, the bedroom cabinet is full of extra bedding, but that isn't the case at home, so I start counting the numbers of pillows at Baker Street and wonder how I can stack them up to mimic the correct angles.
As if he can read John's mind, the Irishman smirks as he goes through the motions of taking aim at a distant tree. "My great grandfather's pistols, by the way. I used to shoot targets with these at the family estate."
"You know that Sherlock went to Ireland to get to the bottom of this ‘
The phenomenal
We're still grinning when we reply in unison, "Happy New Year, Mycroft."
John tells her he will look into it.
Macdonald is a grey-haired man in an ill-fitting hired dinner jacket that can't conceal his paunch. He spends ten minutes waxing dramatic about the future of hydrocephaly research as if he is the world authority on the subject. Sherlock knows his work, based on research done a decade ago. He'd subjected the man's original proposal to forensic scrutiny; it had helped him know for sure what
When she's swallowed her immediate instinct to smack him back —a career limiting move if there ever was one—she manages to say "Give me a break. She got back two days ago. She hasn't phoned." Her face is burning, from embarrassment at being caught in the lie as well as from the flicking finger.
Head tilted, Jim slowly brings a hand up to Carlton’s face. Carlton is still watching him all wide-eyed, but the instant the back of Jim’s fingers brush gently against his cheek, the boy’s eyes slide shut and he leans into the touch.
Fun is what John will
." Moriarty smirks and laughs; there is something manic in that sound which makes John's blood boil. "You want to repeat your challenge? Or have you thought better of it?"
“Do you know if he had used drugs recently?”
“Sweet Jesus.”
"Sorry. Just been a shite day, and now my feet are killing me. Tell the mortician that cause of death was Irina and those shoes. Lethal combination."
Something fundamental has changed.
She is not surprised at the curiosity that can now be felt rippling in the room.
", dropping his hand under the water to grasp my half-hard cock. "You're not going anywhere until I'm done with you."
Molly let herself in the street door to Baker Street and helped Rosie out of her coat, smiling at Mrs Hudson as the landlady came out of her flat carrying a tea tray.
"Before you decide to do something I'm going to regret…"
He opens the app, holding the phone so that they can both see the screen.
There is both a sweetness and a melancholy to the music that suits Sherlock. Victor's arms are strong, the love in his eyes undiminished despite the years, but the sight is an excruciating reminder that Sherlock will never hold John in his arms like this. Tonight, Victor is trying to distract him, but it isn’t working.
"They've all seen me now, on the podium. And possibly heard too much of me. Best leave before I do any more damage."
. At least until they injected some local anaesthetic."
Jim releases his hips and steps back a foot. "Be my guest," he smirks as Sebastian pushes himself back up to standing.
"Monsieur Holmes?" The doctor encourages.
“He drowned on the pavement?” Sherlock mocks, gesturing to the body lying face up on the ground.
Turning the shower on, sits on the edge of the roll-top bath to shed his base layer leggings. He hadn't put on his glasses after coming back; I assume he'll do so after the shower. On the slopes, he has prescription goggles. Before I can repeat my suggestion about him telling me what he's been up to, he strides naked across the stone floor, and into the stream of hot water from the monsoon shower head. The effortless grace with which his gorgeous form shifts stops my conscious thought for a moment.
"I still think the plot is too complicated to be grasped by the modern cinema audience."
“Just stop asking. You know after what he did--”
cost to you."
John is prepared. He grabs the wastepaper basket he'd emptied and shoved an empty Tesco bag into and helps Sherlock leans over the edge of the bed to retch into it. Nothing comes up but a bit of bile — he had refrained from eating for the requisite six hours before sedation, probably even more, since the appointment had been at three in the afternoon.
It’s the first thought that comes to John’s mind as he opens the attached video file and presses play.
He carries on walking down the stairs as he waits for Sherlock to continue. When the silence lengthens, he frowns. Sherlock never calls him during office hours just to chat. Sherlock never calls him just to chat, period. Sherlock never calls
"How do you think that went?" Sherlock asks Edgar as they walk out of the main entrance to Great Ormond Street Hospital. "I have no way of judging," he admits.
Now it is John's turn to sigh. "Is this only a foretaste of what is to come?"
John’s instincts for survival have served him well in the past. First in the army (up until the moment the bullet entered his shoulder, that is) and then working alongside Sherlock. So, when he's in the tide of commuters heading up the incline towards the station, he senses a different kind of presence, one that makes him spin around, only to come face-to-face with ... Sebastian Moran.
He gets a hum in reply and takes in the sight of his partner. Sherlock is wearing an old pair of pyjama bottoms, their fabric thinned, and the dove-grey colour faded by repeated washes. They are hung low on his hips, and his white T-shirt has hiked up to reveal a sliver of concave stomach. John hopes he's not lost weight because of the rush to finish the GOSH project. The man's appetite can disappear as easily as his ability to sleep when he's stressed or very driven. John can make out the faint, mingling smells of Sherlock's salon shampoo, lemon lozenges, fever sweat, aftershave and the very essence of the man. His curls look a mix of frizzed and flattened, and John rearranges his fringe with his fingertips to prevent it from tickling his closed lids before pressing a kiss to the crown of his head. He wraps his arms around him and gives a squeeze.
He knows he has to do something but has absolutely no idea how to make this go away.  Even Lady Wolfson is looking shocked when Sherlock gives her a pleading look. In the past, John has been the life raft, the one who steers him back across the water to the others. He knows that if he tries on his own, he's going to go even deeper over his head. He has never, ever managed to defuse a scenario such as this — he's only made things worse by speaking more.
I am watching this confrontation with a growing sense of unease. Sherlock is ramping up his arrogant son-of-a-bitch act to full volume, and it is going down badly if the look on the woman's face is anything to go by.
The case had been early on, only a couple of months after they started living at Baker Street. A Vatican cleric had been found hanged under London Bridge. When the media went berserk with conspiracy theories about financial misdeeds by the Holy See, Sherlock had found the truth was far more prosaic. Two cameos found in the dead man's pocket had been traced back to the Vatican. Before his elevation to the papacy, the Italian prelate had been papal nuncio in Bavaria and a convinced Germanophile. The cleric had stumbled on an exchange of letters that incriminated the pope; the cameos were a gift from Adolf Hitler. To protect the papacy's reputation, the cleric had destroyed the letters and tried to sell them on the black market but was killed by the fence who turned out to be an Italian Jew whose family had been murdered in the holocaust. From that point on, Vatican cameos had become a short-hand code for someone who was willing to die to protect another who was unworthy of being protected.
When the footsteps keep coming up to the third floor, he knows. Days. It's only been
"I want to try," he says quietly. "I've certainly not enjoyed the way things have been between us."
"The Steadman CEO was here yesterday. He seemed pleased with our progress," states Sherlock and signs out of his computer.
“Oh?” John’s keeping one ear on the conversation and one eye on the road ahead.
He swears he must be hallucinating—not surprising seeing as how he has knocked back an entire bottle of whisky. He hazily wonders how acute the alcohol poisoning needs to be to shut down his organs.
Now, I can hear voices which aren't coming through the phone. Branger's calm voice is telling me to relax; they've got me; it's only a matter of time. His use of the word makes me wonder what time it is. Am I late for John yet? Will he be worried? How worried?
"N't my d'r," Sherlock protests, sighs and burrows his forehead against John's chest.
“John? Are you all right? I’m sure the book was just a misunderstanding. Someone thought it had been binned by accident. I’ve got a patient waiting. I tried knocking, but you didn’t answer.”
"Greg, don't … just don’t. I don't know how to fix this yet, and I'm sure as hell not going to let him use this as an excuse to avoid dealing with the fallout from what's happened. I can't pretend that things haven't changed. They have, at least for me. If you've got any advice on how to get him to stop playing games, I'm all ears."
Lestrade now looks slightly conspiratorial and amused.
John stares at the laptop screen for what seems like forever. It appears that he might have found a lead. And that’s a good thing, isn’t it? Closure? Isn’t it what he’s been looking for?
“Yeah?” John looks up at him from under his lashes and Sherlock steels himself.
For the rest of the night, he stays there, staring at the empty leather and chrome chair opposite him as his mind keeps whirring. Billy Cooper—why is the name so familiar?
"You were seen at GOSH by one of Greg's mates and last night, he asked me, point-blank, if you were interested in the positions being advertised for the new Steadman neurosurgery unit."
A rusting barrel. A bomb? Booby trapped?
"Then try something new." She leans back, tucking her long slim legs beneath the chair again. "It doesn't have to be a blog or a journal; write fiction, write poetry. It doesn't have to be about him. Just write. Let some of what you are feeling out. Expose your thoughts to the air, to the page. Better out than in, as the old saying goes."
"No." You close your eyes, trying to stop the tears, shake your head. "Sorry. I can’t."
Tentatively, I try to move various bits of my body, doing a self-diagnosis. At first, I feel totally pinioned; a momentary sense of claustrophobic panic rises before I can squash it down. I tell myself to stop catastrophising.
They have a safe word. Well, Sebastian has a safe word. But he never uses it. Jim knows just how far he can push a person until they break, which as Sebastian has personally found, is far further than he ever thought it could be. It makes him wonder how Jim misjudged how far he could push Holmes.
"I can't work with Sherlock without your support," Edgar tells him. "And I'm not certain I have it yet."
"I'd like to give you some homework, Sherlock."
if this discussion had been staged at Sussex, instead. She seems to be very on her guard in these unfamiliar surroundings, and Sherlock suspects that she has worked out that Doctor Pichler's approach will be different to that of the professionals she had consulted in his childhood.
Unperturbed by the outburst, the DI says, "But why would someone new want to pretend they're him?"
“And of course, you consider that a hallmark of your
The discarded mask and canister of Narcan are still lying on the bunker floor and in his current position, close to his left shoulder. Shuffling slightly over, he nudges them with his nose, pushing them forward. Then, bringing his cuffed hands down over his head, he uses the bloodied fingernails of his right hand to scrawl an abbreviated message in the bunker floor before tugging the canister and Narcan back over the marks. He’s hoping that whatever is on Moran’s to do list when he returns, housekeeping is not one of those things.
Under the spray of that wide, square shower plate he'd washed my hair; his touch had been sure and sensuous, not to say purposefully arousing. Before I had a chance to take that further, he'd left the glass-walled stall and poured us this bath.
, sinuous figures of eight that allow his partner to show off just to please him. Their connection is exhilaratingly better than anything Sherlock has experienced before on a dance floor, simply because this is
the person on the other end of that call well enough to be able to dispense with pleasantries, so not a superior. Well, that assumes the man actually has people to whom he reports, others to whom he is held accountable. Sebastian knows that Holmes' role within the intelligence services has always been ambiguous. The man seems able to move across the borders that traditionally separate MI5 from its brethren across the Thames at Vauxhall Circus, and equally able to direct the MOD's intelligence system and the National Crime Agency, as well as the Met's Counter-Terrorism mob. Jim has called Mycroft "The British Government, only better" because Holmes is not a politician who can be voted in or out of office.
As John stares down now at the two fortune cookies on the kitchen table, he tries not to think about the fact that there is no one around to pretend to predict them. He rips open the plastic wrapper and cracks open the first cookie.  Uncurling the white paper, he reads: “Depend on the predictability and steadiness of life to support you.”
All I wanted to do was save John Watson, and instead …
. Well, yes, I'd probably be angry, too, but mostly just… do you really understand how much I love you?"
John drapes an arm across his husband's chest, trapping his arms against his sides. He uses his free hand to slide the screen away from his husband's grip.
"He disrespects me. You should have heard the way he speaks to me. Just terrible. It's not how a son should talk to his mother."
“I have been apprised that some … events ... took place during and after the pre-inquest hearing that were … less than ideal. Please note that I will not be allowing this to happen in my court.” She finds Watson at the back with her gaze. “Dealing with the death of a loved one is an extremely difficult thing, and wanting to find someone to blame is completely understandable; however, the sole purpose of these proceedings is to ascertain the identity of the deceased, and how, when and where they came by their death. Neither I as the Senior Coroner conducting the investigation, nor the jury who I will ask to join us in a moment, may express any opinion on any matter other than that.”
Lestrade gives him a funny look. "We haven't had a chance to in ages; so damned busy with meetings and all that. I'm wondering how you two are getting on, that's all."
I accept an offer of sherry. By the time half of it is gone, the sound of the door at the bottom of the stairs opening is enough to make me sit up. The pace up the spiral staircase is familiar, and I am off the sofa in an instant — just as Sherlock comes into view. He's left his skis and all the other equipment in the locked storage in the lobby; saves tramping the place up with melting snow.
He’d seen red when that fucking arsehole Moran had gloated.
"I'm not a leader," Sherlock says, frustration in his tone as he puts the tablet away and stares at the ceiling. "I don't know what to do with people; I don't care enough to be able to predict what their needs will be. They have to be able to tell me what they need, but how on earth can I manage to put that into a job description?  When it comes to the interviews, there are going to be other people on the panel. I can't come out and ask point-blank, '
Sherlock quickly gives John one of his
"Who's going to be the Clinical Director of the unit?"
Edgar replies to his text from the Tesco Metro nearest to their flat, informing John that he's picking up some requested bits and bobs and that Sherlock has mostly been sleeping. John tells him to take the rest of the day off after he drops off the shopping — he's not certain what hours on which Sherlock and the young man have even agreed.
He doesn't like the idea of summoning Edgar for what should definitely be his task — to watch over Sherlock in this state — but it's too practical a solution on which to pass up.
Edgar, looking apologetic, raises a hand to interrupt him. "You don't have to apologise for him. I've worked with people who take advantage of their employees' willingness for self-sacrifice, with only some vague promise of a good reference as the carrot. I have moved past that stage in my career. My contract at the agency allows me to decline a placement for any reason, at any time. I wouldn't offer my services to Sherlock unless I was willing to give it my best, and if I didn't think we could form a mutually beneficial partnership."
don't know, either!" I pinch the bridge of my nose, shake my head. I had tried to convince myself things are alright, that we're still on holiday, that my husband being prickly, quiet and withdrawn shouldn't ruin things for the rest of us and that Sherlock wouldn't want anyone fussing over him, anyway.
“You didn't?”
"How was your day?" I ask.
“Dat’ be grand,” Garry replies. “I'll be ahn me way den. good loehck wit yooehr business matter, Jahhn.”
It's at this point that he realises he has absolutely no idea what she is talking about. Mrs. Hudson takes pity at the look of confusion on his face and slides the newspaper across the table in front of him. First page, face up, headline blaring:
She leads him over to one of the cases and unlocks the drawer, removing a well-thumbed tome, encased in a cover of worn, cracked and peeling leather.
Sherlock's beautiful fingers. How John worshipped them. The way they seem to form part of the instrument. A pale, sinewy wrist turned slightly to the left, the fingers of one hand cradling the neck, the fingers of the other curved gently over the bow. How many times has he watched the navy-blue dressing gown man sway with the symphony?
He shares with John regularly sherlockianly melodramatic tales of woe of how
“No,” he drags his gaze reluctantly back to her.
John chuckles at such breath-taking modesty. If Sherlock didn't believe in his own skills as a researcher, he could never spearhead a project like this.
"Off the top of your head, again: what makes you hesitate the most?"
"Yes, um, yeah, there is that."
done with me, I've grabbed a French terry facecloth and stuffed it into my mouth to stop myself from yelling the house down. It leaves a lingering taste of laundry detergent in my mouth, but it's a very small price to pay.
“Because yesterday you pissed off a whole lot of people by re-directing a flight to Greenland and today you are causing fighters to scramble over London.”
“What makes you think that was me?” he asks, fishing for more compliments.
Jim talks right over him. "Tiger. You wouldn't recognise clever if it got up and bit you on that sexy arse of yours."
Sherlock nods. "Me, too. I keep waiting for something to go seriously wrong, but so far, so good, in terms of work. What about you and me?"
Music for Chapter 11 by johnlocklover221 on Tumblr/Dovahlock221 on AO3
Sherlock pulls his scarf higher against the biting wind as it rushes between the buildings. As they walk into the beige bricked square he takes in the crime scene — bordered on all four sides by large office blocks housing various corporate headquarters, including Google and United Artists, and home to over a dozen retail/food outlets on the ground floor. In calmer weather, it would be busy. As the main route to Coal Drops Yard with over a hundred other shops, businesses, and cultural amenities, it should be filled with throngs of people coming and going from the train station. Instead, the lunchtime crowd is noticeably thin on the ground, eager perhaps not to get caught up in anything that might upset their busy schedules or more likely, Sherlock thinks as he glances up at the walls of glass surrounding them, more than happy to observe the proceedings from the comfort of their centrally-heated offices.
“We don’t really do this anymore though, do we.”
the voice in his head counters.
It’s time. He's not going to regret this.
game that he has to play. Sebastian had managed to salvage one victory out of this afternoon's debacle. While the paper next to the post-it note on the wall had been removed, Sebastian had managed to find something rather useful—Watson's scrawled notes on a pad on the coffee table that did more than suggest that Sherlock Holmes might still be alive. They are now sitting in the bag of his personal effects, along with his wallet and the watch that Jim had given him.
The whiteboards are empty, but there are already traces of lots of scribbles on them, some of which he recognises as Sherlock's handwriting.
"Why me?"
we're talking about here. You've known him longer than I have; surely you should be the one to talk to him?"
“No, Sherlock, I don’t see,” John shakes his head. “What I see is that now you have another obsession. One to replace the last one that nearly got you killed. And what does he want? This second Moriarty?”
"Doctor Watson!" The Coroner catches the eye of her assistant. "Escort him from the room."
With perfectly steady hands, John pulled the tiny vial from his inside jacket pocket and poured it quickly into Mary’s stemmed glass. He slipped the empty bottle into his sleeve and was just reaching for the bottle of wine when he caught a glimpse of Mary’s shoes as she descended the staircase in the rear of the restaurant. He straightened in his chair and relaxed his shoulders, pulling in a deep breath through his nose. He did not glance around to find out where Sherlock had disappeared off to. Better not to know if he had any chance of pulling this off.
. I need to know more about this before a decision can be made. Lady Wolfson is not a medical practitioner; she doesn't know what is involved. Do you?" He hopes his bluntness cuts through all the time-wasting chitchat about that people indulge in; Sherlock needs answers before he can begin to think this through logically.
"Have you been in contact with Violet after our joint session?" Joanna Pichler asks Sherlock.
Sherlock's look says he's taken by surprise. Once he schools his expression, he nods in acceptance.
At three in the afternoon precisely, Sherlock and Edgar are ushered into Lestrade's office by the man's secretary.
He investigates the mixed salad on his side plate approvingly: a mix of edamame beans, peas and lettuce with a mint dressing, delivered in a double-portion pack. Both it and the spaghetti go well with the glass of Chianti that he's poured. That's another innovation of Edgar's: he'd persuaded John to use a Vacuvin system to keep opened bottles in pristine drinking condition for days. '
________________________
The report of the three intelligence services is sitting in front of the Prime Minister. It names Jim Moriarty as the likeliest perpetrator, given the voice analysis of last night's message to the two pilots. The Prime Minister is looking disgruntled. He'd had to cancel a speech in Manchester in order to be present at this meeting. He stabs a finger at the file. "This says he's a person of interest. That means
John keeps walking, pushing through the door and out into the darkening night.
“Just get me back to h— London.”
John followed him up. "What? Where?"
One thing that is definitely his, is now taken out of the cupboard. Sherlock doesn't like whisky much and really dislikes the peaty aroma of Ardbeg, a single malt given to him by Mycroft as something of a peace offering after Morocco. This variety is called
He leads John into a series of
"Esteemed? At King's, I am one of the consultants, no more and no less. Lestrade insists I must waste my time with bread-and-butter things even though my surgical skills are in demand elsewhere, even abroad, for the most difficult cases. He opposes favouritism more than he wants to make the best of my abilities."
Only a few steps, and already the mud has tracked a splattered path up the front of his trousers to the shin. Splatter, he considers as he navigates the path carefully, why is it only blood and mud that splatter? It brings an unwelcome memory of blood on the floor of the Old Operating Theatre, and bile rises in his throat. He’s not being manipulated again by Sherlock, is he?
"Yeah, of course. No problems. Good to be back and all that."
“Safehouse in the Cotswolds." John indicates to the lurking agents, "With a security detail.”
Secrets and Lies - Ruelle • Secrets and Lies
As he did, she chewed slowly on the fresh scone the waiter had brought with the hot water. Funny, he no longer felt hungry. — Glancing down, he saw the plate her first scone had been served on, sitting in front of him and quite empty.
Inspiration for Chapter Fifteen
“I was certainly surprised when you called. Didn’t think I’d hear from you the rest of the day. You looked such a fright when you left.”
He found himself grinning. Why? He was arranging quite possibly the worst nightmare of his life. Grinning was absolutely not the right response.
John suddenly laughs at the concept, shaking his head with a fond smile. Admittedly, a few days ago, he had been in a bad mood at home when Sherlock had given him nary a glance as he pored over tons of documentation connected to the Centre into the late hours. John had gone to bed and brooded for hours, thinking that if Sherlock had stayed full-time at King's that he'd have more of the man's attention when they got home.
In spite of the pink shirt, the soiled shoes, the cracked phone glass, and the bruised jaw, John had smiled at that thought as he opened the door to the post office.
She pushes away her coffee cup and leans forward. Her focus is relentless and a vital part of her commanding presence. "How are you getting on at King's? I hear good things."
Sherlock suddenly stops pacing, his eyes lighting up as he cuts John off, "Of course!"  He bends over the coffee table where his laptop is open, scrolls, clicks twice and then types something in.
"Stay," Sherlock mutters. "You're warm," he adds and reaches for his husband.
Something in John’s voice shifts then and Sherlock can’t help but glance at the ceiling, wishing for a glimpse of his face.
He had shaken his head wryly, “Don’t suppose it’s much of a secret now, with all the hoo-ha in the press. The hero detective — Sherlock Holmes,” he had sketched a toast with his empty glass to the rows of amber liquor bottles on the mirrored wall behind the bar. “Saviour of the world.”
The Coroner resumes her questioning. “Doctor Kaufmann, you have seen the crime scene photographs of the blood pool. Can you estimate the quantity involved?"
Edgar sticks a hand into the leather briefcase he has brought instead of his usual messenger bag and produces a packet of nicotine patches. "I believe it was John's last communique before he was taken into theatre this morning to instruct me to acquire these. He mentioned you might be… tempted, and that these would have a less up-and-down effect on your mood. Shall we say… two?"
This is not possible. It is not your physical injuries that concern me. My other colleagues here have attended to those. I am here to assess the
Now the tears really start to fall, and it is a struggle to even get the words out, "Don't you dare … not for one moment … don't you dare think that I could ever leave. Yeah, I know, I said a lot of stupid things, but that was because I was so hurt, so devastated by your death that I couldn't think straight."
I have to laugh again. "Just think of it as me wanting to appreciate the view. You can tell me all about your thrills of the day."
Or is this the dream, an escape from the reality of the sand, the sun, the sound of gunfire?
“That would be lovely, but I don’t want to intrude if they’re discussing a case.”
, John seethes,
Your shift starts in ten minutes; in your office, you need all that time to get rid of the shakes, driven by adrenaline. The rest of the day and early evening appointments pass in a blur of bog-standard complaints and prescription renewals, soothing you back into a state of comfortable numbness.
Uncle Rudy had steered him into the service because he saw Mycroft's potential—not just as another intelligence operative but as a surrogate for himself when he tired of being Eurus' jailer. He'd been groomed and trained to take on the role of the
"He wasn't put off at all," Sherlock replies; negativity is the response he always expects from people. "As it turns out, he is on the ADHD Spectrum himself. Admittedly, my knowledge in that area was lacking, which I have since remedied. His range of symptoms lacks impulse control and consequence analysis issues which many other ADHD individuals have, and that has allowed him to thrive socially and helped him manage the demands of steady employment and secondary education. Strangely enough, he seems to be so exceptionally good at his job because of the many things he's had to learn to compensate for his weaknesses. He turned his greatest impediment into his greatest asset. And doesn't seem very embarrassed by who he is."
At the bottom of the chairlift, our skis connect again with the ground, and the bar holding us in is released. I always worry a bit at this stage; making a clean exit needs concentration. The result is that I almost ski right by a black-clad figure leaning up against the wall of the chair lift station. His helmet is off, and he's dragging his fingers through a mass of dark curls which would have been squashed flat in it.
"I've never had influenza, and I'm not about to start now," Sherlock announces, as though it is completely within his power to decide which microbes are allowed to take residence in his respiratory tract. He sneezes.
He's in Morocco — Guerin’s place. It seems fitting that it would all would end right back at the beginning, in Marrakech, where his intimacy with both John and Moriarty had begun, Sherlock muses as he runs his fingers over the flocked crimson wallpaper, the ridges of his fingerprints catching in the raised velvet.
“Have we lost them?”
alive. Turn
Lestrade storms out. The front door onto the street slams so hard that it rattles the window above it.
"I didn't mess things up," Sherlock adds for emphasis. Instead of confident and proud, however, he still sounds a bit unsure — as though seeking confirmation and acceptance.
"Next, I want to go back to the other thing I need from you — that issue of the contract? There is something that I would like to make clear: I have no desire to leave King's. I would therefore like a fixed-term contract at GOSH with an option for extension. I will be requesting a partial leave of absence from King's for that time period, rather than a complete renegotiation of my contract. There should be two break clauses: one after the project proposal has been completed, the other at a later date to be agreed once the proposal has been accepted by the Trust and the sponsors, probably after the first major deliverable."
?” John’s tone rises as he uncrosses his arms and places his hands on his hips. “Because this is
Sherlock had then left, slamming the front door so forcefully that the door knocker thumped. He smiled to himself at the image of the note he left atop his Belstaff on the kitchen table when he left, ordering Mycroft to have it cleaned as it reeked of Moriarty.
"Mont Fort Backside is always a bit riskier, but it is the section at Lac de Cleuson that is worst. That is why we have all the liability forms." Branger's tight-lipped smile is apologetic. "Pavel was buried under three and a half meters of snow. We saw it happen, so protocol says we had to find Sherlock first as he had the most chance of survival."
oOoOoOo
“You wouldn’t. You don’t have it in you.”
“And?”
By now, you should have worked out who the "Watchman" is, after reading The Big Issue in my Got My Eye On You series. If you missed it, then find it
A day later, the police find the missing husband and step-daughter shacked up in a romantic cottage in Cirencester. The pair state that Sarah was devastated when Richard asked for a divorce and that the months-long affair with Anne was consensual. At least Anne has the decency to cry when informed of her mother's death.
The first time had come as quite a shock. But that, what he had done to incur Jim's wrath that time, had been the result of a mistake, not a deliberate act.  Not like this. He doesn't have a lot of an idea about what's in store for him tonight, but he knows it's going to be worse, far, far worse. His suspicions are confirmed as Jim strolls into the room, naked, towelling off his hair and tossing it onto the floor. He is looking happier than he has in a long time.
Quickly, he hustled back inside and shut the door, nearly tripping up the steps in his effort to hurry back upstairs. He shut the door, glancing over his shoulder before carrying the white package and the card inside.
I can't resist a dig. "So, while Mycroft and I pootle around on the easy stuff, I hope you are taking time to get your ski legs back."
“Ah, you've seen it too.” Sherlock takes his deducing pose, raising his fingers to his chin. “Interesting, I wonder if the message was just targeted at the London area or farther afield …”
of those failures that need to be considered."
John glances at the caller ID — Mycroft. Sherlock must sense that John wants to be included, (see desperately needs to be included) in the conversation, because when he answers the call, he puts it on speaker.
"Because he knows you'll listen to me."
He sounds distracted, his voice is a bit muffled, husky. I can hear the sound of other voices in the background, but not well enough to make out what they are saying. "Are you helping, trying to find the skiers who got caught?"
"I'm not," Sherlock scoffs. "But I will try."
," Jim professes to the laptop screen in front of him. ""Let's get the world really excited, shall we?" Time to
Sherlock flounced down the stairs to stare at the block of stone. "Well, what do you suppose we do with it, then? Turn it into a side table?"
A constable pokes his head around the door. "Sergeant, you're needed. Call just came in from Islington, a body found near St Pancras station."
Easing himself down onto his bed, his weight loosening the tight military corners, he stares into the mid-distance between where he is and the back of his closed bedroom door.
"Go," I tell Branger.
He opens his eyes.
John had ordered in because he said Sherlock deserved a treat. As for what, Sherlock isn't sure at all. Surviving a meeting? Violet had never rewarded him for just managing. Even when he excelled, it was simply fulfilling her expectations. 'Well done' and other such expressions were a rarity.
“You planned all of this, didn’t you?”
Heading down Sissons Lane, he ducks into a space on the right where the road bends off to the left. There's a wooden door between two buildings with a double row of aluminium spikes laid across the top to deter any incursion over. But why bother going to all that trouble when the standard lock is easy enough to pick?
Confused, Greg pulls out his phone and raises an eyebrow in question.
Sherlock keeps chewing. How is this going to help his negotiations? Once he's swallowed, he answers, "More the latter than the former. He only seems to get involved when someone brings him a problem. He doesn't seem to mind his surgeons having their own approaches to things as long as their reasoning is ethical, medically sound and cost-effective." He's not about to admit to Edgar that more often than not, his interactions with Lestrade have focused on other people bringing to his boss a problem about
"But he had done so, previously?"
To be honest, I had never spared much thought to what it would feel like to be buried by an avalanche. As it turns out, whatever my imagination might have conjured up, the reality is far worse. The sensory storm is overwhelming. Terrified at the total loss of control over anything, my thought processes fracture. Panic takes over and I start thrashing my upper body backwards and forward in the snow that has covered me in the hope of creating some wiggle room in the tight pocket around me.
Unfolding from his seat, he stands and goes to the fridge to see about starting something for dinner. John is working remotely today and would be coming downstairs famished.
"Quit it Sebbie or Daddy'll get angry."
... John hazards a guess that these are likely to be 16 bore percussion pistols, the type favoured by officers at the time.
"You have my sympathy. He is
No sooner have the words left his mouth than alarms start going off all over the building.
He remembers throwing up out of anxiety in the mornings when he'd still had to go to the village school and face his bullies. Eventually, Sherlock was pulled out to be homeschooled because neither the other children nor the teachers knew how to deal with him, but the experience had been long and scarring enough to convince him dealing with other people was never going to be a part of his skillset. He's still extraordinarily prone to suspect that, when all the others in a group focus on him, it means he's done something wrong and while it is obvious to the others what that is, he fumbles around in the dark for his mistake.
Dr Watson & Mr Holmes will return.
He's heard what Jim said. The gloves are back on and he is going to follow orders. But the moment that Watson is no longer of any value to Jim, the gloves are coming off. And Watson is going to feel all this pain and then some.
John raises his hands in surrender. "I do. Just… be careful, love. Things can get out of hand pretty damn fast once it gets out that you are considering this. Once the genie is out of the bottle, it's bloody hard to stuff it back in if you get cold feet."
Finding Jim was the easy part, gaining entry to the suite, though...
What had he wanted? John to forgive him? John to say it was all OK, that Sherlock did what he had to do and that he understood and that he welcomed him back into his arms, his life, his bed? Well yes, he had wanted that, but he had known that would be a little farfetched considering the circumstances. He had expected that John would have been put out, standoffish, hell even fire-spitting, rage-sniffing mad. What he hadn’t expected was the nothing, the cold, the absence of any emotion on John’s behalf. He usually knew what to do, to say, to provoke a response in the man now sitting beside him silently, but nothing seemed to be working and with the water having done little to soothe the now incessant itch of drug-bereft dopamine receptors in his brain, all he had wanted at that point was to be able to ignore the world and slip into his Mind Palace …
Looking around the board room table, Sherlock tries to stretch his abdominal muscles inconspicuously to stifle a tremor-like tic. It's something that happens when he's exceptionally anxious and under pressure. No matter how much he's prepared for this moment, he's utterly terrified that it is going to go wrong.
“You caught me. Can’t get anything past you, can I? Not even a romantic evening for the… the best thing that’s ever happened to me.”
John collapses on top of him and immediately pulls out, rolls to the side, turning his back, without touch. Sherlock lies there, staring at the ceiling while he listens to John’s breaths even out, become deeper. When enough time has passed, he swings his legs over the side of the bed and pushes himself up to sitting, his skin prickles and his toes curl as they touch the cold wooden floorboards the rug doesn’t quite reach. He turns to run his eyes over John’s sleeping form one last time.
An hour later, I have to be glad of Sherlock's insistence. The food is superb, he is eating it with relish, and the beers slip down easily. The place has filled up; he tells me that about half of the customers are local if their accent is anything to go by. Not for the first time, I admire Sherlock's ear for languages.
“Yeah,” Lestrade agreed. “Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference.”
"I couldn't tell you how to get him to communicate. Talking has never been his strong suit or something he has sought out to alleviate his anxiety."
He avoided her gaze, slinging his stethoscope around his neck and picking up a pen and clipboard. He clicked the pen while she talked.
, Sebastian huffs in frustration as he snaps the lid of his laptop closed almost hard enough to crack the screen. Mycroft Holmes is getting him nowhere. Perhaps he ought to concentrate his efforts elsewhere? As he moves to get up off the bed his thoughts go to the shoe box he knows is lying on the floor of his bedroom closet ... Sebastian decides that he's not going to sit at home and pine for Jim any longer. Far more productive activity is needed, something that will make Jim sit up and take notice of him again. Whatever scheme Jim is cooking up, Sebastian wants to be let it on it. Rather than whinging, Sebastian decides to take the initiative and starts gathering all the necessary equipment.
. In Switzerland, the fact that we're married isn't enough. He has to hear you say yes."
Sebastian paces the living room. Finding a contractor willing to come in on Christmas Eve had not been easy and he's had to pay through the nose to get it done. But no way is he going to sit out the holidays in the freezing cold. The temperature in the flat has plummeted, but at least the open-to-the-air circulation means that the lingering scent of smoke is gone. The glass has been hoovered up, the crumpled frame removed, and the contractor is now shaking his head. "Mate, the best I can do for now is to board it up."
Lestrade is frowning. "Looks like the middle of nowhere."
John is shaken by this admission. Sherlock has never discussed his absence, and certainly not his
John knows it’s his fault, he wasn’t watching where he was going, but his vision pools a sea of red at the challenge.
He considers this at face value. Stella is not one to compliment people without cause. Is it possible that she's heard something about their recent family conflicts? He hopes that Violet has not been indiscrete. He wouldn't put it past her to have complained to friends how
"Pointless exercise. There are no such effects. Whatever form you have to fill in to declare that fact, do so,
The Colonel's performance continues, now towering over Sherlock's prone form. "Mycroft Holmes is a liar and a traitor. This heap of rubbish lying here on the floor is the brother he's protecting by lying about my death." Then in a sing-song cadence, the Colonel chants, "Game over; daddy's getting bored."
No further devices come to light.
At least he doesn't have long to wait. Less than an hour after the call, at quarter past seven, the dodgy solicitor arrives. When he is bailed, Sebastian exits the station and a black car pulls up beside him. The solicitor nods to him, "Command performance; get in."
He looks at his phone again:
. God, this was mortifying. She’d told him not to snap so he nodded once, then again.
As he stomps his way up, John is agreeing with her. He does know what Sherlock is like and right now that is bugging the hell out of him. As he marches into the living room, John sees Lestrade staring at the wall over the sofa. The spray-painted smiley now has a caption. In the same yellow paint as the original are the words "Miss me?"
"Offer Mycroft my deepest condolences for my missing his visit and staying in London."
"Yes. During that time, there were no calls regarding a patient whose injuries involved a blood loss of that quantity. And there were also no admissions to a London hospital of such a patient on a walk-in or self-admitted basis, either."
He looks surprised and opens the placket on his jacket, pulling his phone out. "I turned it off just before lunch because the battery was low. I had to preserve it in case of an emergency."
rather than doing. Nothing else matters — my entire existence becomes the sound of the skis cutting through the snow, the sinuous movement of my body in a dance with the mountainside. I am riding the current of the slope, knowing it in my muscles, my whole body, every sinew and tendon, muscle and bone. I am integrated, body and mind merged into one, knowing exactly what to do and when, and how, to make my way down the forty-degree slope without fear, without conscious thought.
Emma wipes her eyes on her stretched, thin cotton sleeves. "Jules is the best thing that's happened to me, and the worst, at the same time. You said it well," she nods at Violet, "I never hate her, just the things she does even when I know she doesn't do them deliberately."
"Well, I do wish he had been so willing that Christmas. We'd all have been spared of much hardship," Violet declares bitterly.
"Sherlock…"  Lady Wolfson interjects. "That's enough… quite enough. From
South London has its own ambiance, swirling currents of commuters going to and from London to the outer suburbs shape the geography; railway tracks demand diversions of road and foot traffic, carve odd neighbourhoods into cul-de-sacs, places off the beaten path. Bridges and tunnels interrupt anyone looking for a straight line of travel. Away from the upmarket homes near the river, at night the thin veneer of trendiness goes home with the office workers. His loose-limbed saunter, cheap joggers and grubby hoodie is a necessary camouflage, even if it meant he'd had to wave cash at the cabbie to take him.
“Well, I imagine she’s still alive too, but she’s…well, you read the file. You won’t see her again. She’ll be properly
Sherlock sighs, “What does he want now?”
That’s what his fortune had said. The capitalisation had seemed bizarre to him, had stuck like a burr in his head, but he’d dismissed it. For months after Sherlock’s death, he had looked for clues, for meaning in everything. He’d been desperate for some sort of sign that it was all “just a magic trick”, as Sherlock had said. After six months or so, he’d stopped. Stopped looking, stopped wishing, stopped hoping. Sherlock was dead. He’d watched him fall.
"Yes, yes. That's on the form," Sherlock says dismissively.
Since Jim had not bothered to answer his question about his whereabouts, Sebastian petulantly decides to wait before sharing the details of his night's work. Given Jim's current mood, trying to win praise about the bugging seems pointless, so he simply answers, “out”.
Sebastian knows it’s a rhetorical question, and he's got his orders to stay silent. All he can do is sit quietly in the corner, at the back of the room, and play witness to the chaos being orchestrated by Jim.
oOoOoOo
“She was saying just how happy she is that it turned out that you weren’t dead, even if you had made a right old mess of her morgue by not putting the body back where you found it. Really, Sherlock, it’s only decent.”
He rises slowly, using his poles to probe where the powder is hiding firm earth and where the wind has banked it up against the side of the ridge. Eleven tentative steps forward, and he reaches Branger and the Czechs. When I join them, the Frenchman is muttering disapprovingly under his breath. Branger glares at him and continues talking very quietly to Forrest. We wait, knowing that he's going to have to walk the American back across the ridge to the peak and then to the lift station. It's obvious his unease has disqualified him from this descent.
"Smoking kills," Mycroft comments dryly, as Sherlock lights the cigarette for him.
He doesn't want to speak for Sherlock; it's going to be up to his husband to sort out his relationship with his boss this time. "I know he doesn't want to give up his clinical work, and that he values what he has here at King's."
He's left me, I realise before I have a chance to leave him. It's like a sledgehammer to my chest and I feel all the oxygen leave.
, and this is
Because he’d been attacked, over and over again, until John.
Edgar is still carrying around what seems to be the same glass of champagne he's been nursing all evening. At least the slight crack at the bottom of the glass looks the same.
Sherlock clears his throat. “To affirm is to make firm.” Pause. “In bed.” The last two words are delivered in a deliberately husky purr, exaggerated for effect and hitting the target flawlessly. He puts down the fortune, and meets John’s gaze levelly. “What does yours really say, John?”
Now, bare feet propped up on the glass coffee table, Sebastian flicks through the channels on the flat screen with little interest and then angrily throws the remote into the arm chair. Television… what on earth could ever compete with the life he's led with Jim? Their partnership of crime is addictive—the two of them taking on the world by the scruff of the neck, making it bend its knee to Jim's genius. There is nothing, nothing that can match the way working with Jim gets Sebastian's adrenalin pumping through his veins. Well, maybe the sex that always comes after one of Jim's triumphs. That's as thrilling.
Valérie Fiedler, with the CRR-Suva service. No one who is in an avalanche is discharged without an assessment. It is the rule, the policy. Sion Hospital includes SUVA, the rehabilitation centre for a reason."
The CSO nods, and then leans closer to the microphone to pronounce a breathy, “Yes.”
you than telling you. You and I both know how good he is."
“Hello!” Surprise and pleasure are evident in her voice. She gives one of her husky-throated laughs, “Chance would be a fine thing, Sherlock Holmes. I’m home alone, just me and a glass of Chardonnay, catching the latest Scandinavian thriller on the box. To what do I owe the honour of a call from the world’s only consulting detective?” There is always a slight tease in her voice; he'd noticed that at the wedding.
Together they manoeuvre the body into the recovery position and then onto his stomach, the man’s sodden wool coat making it all the more difficult.
To my surprise, and relief, it has to be said, cross-country technique is completely different from what I've been doing the past two days. "Nordic skiing" as the instructor, Marie Rochat calls it, "is more like an exaggerated walk. You use arm and leg motion in opposition to drive yourself forward." She says there is another, more modern technique that looks a bit like speed skating on skis, but it would require different kind of equipment. I'm fine with tradition.
“Two years…” He breathed, the words tight in an even tighter throat. “Two years. You let me gr— you let me belie—.” Sherlock’s lips were pressed together and he nodded, his eyes wide.
Janine cocks her head as if sceptical, and he panics inside. Has he just blown the whole thing. Has she worked out that he’s faking this?
"You will report to the Clinical Director of the Unit, but otherwise operate independently of the other departments. The Research Director will also be involved, but more in the way of making sure you have what you need. All of the unit's research work will be able to call on GOSH's pool of resources — including things like regulatory compliance, intellectual property rights, certification procedures, administration and the like. It's up to you in your proposal to specify what you need and what relationships you think would be helpful.  I've been told basically to let you loose as head of research."
"Yes. The air bag has deflated, and I've made the air pocket larger."
“None of that,” Jim soothes, unfolding his legs, getting to his feet and crossing the room to stand in front of him. “You were
"Just promise me one thing."
He glances across the table at Rosie’s artwork. She’s covering it with her arm but he can see a glimpse of stick legs and bright red rectangular feet.
, to be exact."
"Sorry," John says, feeling like a weight has been lifted with this realisation and consequent decision. "All this is just so new. For me. For us."
"Like I said. Competent. But I won't have him intrude in our lives if you dislike him. You were acting somewhat… territorial at certain moments during his visit. I can limit his involvement to that of a stand-in secretary while I recruit someone else."
"I thought it should be yours to resell. Mycroft certainly doesn't want it, so I'm giving it to you. I know you paid for it. And you could do with selling an  investment now."
Once the coffee has percolated, he goes back to the bedroom to shake Sherlock's shoulder where he's now sprawled on his stomach across the entire expanse of the bed. The answer John gets is a flailing, floppy hand attempting to swat him away.
John grabs his keys and hurries downstairs while on the phone. He'd parked on a side street just around the corner. "There should be stuff at the flat he can take; he'll know what to pick, of course. If he's too out of it, just help him shove a paracetamol down every six hours. Just… don't give him any of the pseudoephedrine — Sudafed, I mean — it makes him too perky and then he
Calmly, Murphy answers, "Well, I seem to recall you telling me that there's a lot of handle-turning at the moment. The data is coming in, and the PhD students are crunching the numbers. If you can put in place a successor to manage the last stages of the clinical analysis, then it shouldn't pose too much of a problem. You'll still get the final say on anything that comes out because it's still your valve. Any research outcomes, papers and the like are going to have your name on them." Murphy leans back in his chair. "Forgive me for asking, but these questions of yours… you're framing them in a rather negative way. Are you looking for a reason to turn this down, Mister Holmes?"
He's been spinning a tale of love and romance long enough, postponing the inevitable. With Janine spending her nights at Baker Street, things will come to a head. Tonight he might get away with one more "appointment with criminals", but she won't buy that excuse forever. Somehow, he is going to have to make Magnussen deal with him.
He watches as an expression half-way between a smile and a smirk forms on her lips. "No, sir; but GCHQ is investigating a new hack into the National Crime Agency's secure system, and there has been extensive unauthorised use of the HOLMES2 database."
"I will email him instructions."
"Don't waste any more of my time, " he growls at the A&E physician while buttoning up.
"Go," he commands imperiously. "I can look after myself. Thank you for your assistance. I will be sure to mention how helpful you've been to Mister Lewis."
She moves her eyes from the jurors to the public seating. "I call the first witness of today, Doctor John Watson."
And then the theatrics happened on Hampstead Heath, with Sherlock saying something privately to Moriarty as they'd walked to take their positions in that farce of a duel. Whatever he's said, it was enough to make Moriarty kill himself. Looking at it coldly now, this, too, is more evidence that Sherlock doesn't feel things the way normal people do. Maybe he's been wrong about Sherlock all along. Maybe the fact that he loves the man has blinded him to his obvious faults. Maybe, just maybe, he was wrong to love someone who could be so callous, so unconcerned about the feelings of other people. Can a self-confessed sociopath really love anybody?
"Spare me any more sentiment, Mycroft. I know that you will have conspired with John to be updated. Keep us informed of your work to find Moran."
Charbonnet intervenes. "Please, understand something,
design, not just a tweak to one of the existing approaches. As I understand, Rob van Hoek announced two years ago Steadman's commitment that our unit at GOSH wants to design, build and test a smart shunt. They are willing to put their money where their mouth is, so if the Dahl funds aren't enough to fund your proposal, they'll cover the shortfall. So, together we want you to get going on it. Head it up."
I manage to blurt out, "Sherlock?"
"Good afternoon, John. How was your day?"
Surprisingly, Moran stifles the urge to strike him. So, Sherlock goes at it again, trying to add fuel to the fire to bring it to a blazing roar. “So quick to switch loyalties, weren’t you? The schoolboy crush you betrayed your country for, the one who turned you into a traitor — he isn’t even buried yet and here you are sucking up to his brother. Has he taken you to his bed, too? Is he an improvement?”
Two years ago, Sherlock Holmes and John Watson, Sherlock-and-John, the consulting detective and his blogger, had ceased to be. How could they still be a duo when one of them was dead?
Sherlock suspects that John is still as cranky as he had been that morning. He is back at work after two days off due to high fever, taking antibiotics for his fourth tonsillitis in two years. John appears to have become a mostly asymptomatic carrier of the causative bacteria after contracting it from some teenager he'd gassed for a peritonsillar abscess surgery. He refuses to hear it when Sherlock tries to point out that he fulfils the criteria for an elective tonsillectomy.
Molly looks to Lestrade. There’s wariness in her eyes, and a question. The DI nods and Molly heads for the door with a concerned backwards glance at Sherlock. Sherlock avoids her gaze and moves towards the table, pressing his hands pressed to the stainless steel and hanging his head down between them. The morgue door swings shut leaving just the two of them.
“Sherlock,” John sighed. “These people are struggling. A little empathy wouldn’t hurt.”
"And two million pounds," Sherlock adds. "All Carl Beech's claims had been carefully investigated, but without any evidence anymore, all the cases have been dropped. Moriarty thought it would be fun to twist the tail of the Met, the politicians who were accused of being in the ring, and the media that lapped up the stories for years. All his invention, by the way; he's the one who set Beech up as the source—and then when he'd had his fun, he pulled the plug."
"That's because he thinks it means he can shed his responsibilities about me."
A tiny bubble on the edge of the liquid emerges and as the bubbles continue, he counts to twenty, knowing it will be properly dissolved by then.
him; just conducting a Glasgow Coma Scale, since you can't be bothered to tell me what I need to know. Sherlock… eyes open,
(See the end of the chapter for
"Well; you're breathing and that's all you paid me to do. So, don't take anything more. You've had enough."
“Yes,” he agrees, meeting her gaze. It’s the truth, after all. “He would.”
"Can't do that. I won't feed the trolls."
The Coroner clears her throat in a warning, and the Irishman drops his eyes from Mycroft's. She continues, "Did your brother ever take these ideas further, into an actual attempt to end his life?"
Then.
"What should I have supposedly listened to recently? What do you think I haven't heard?"
The John who inhabits Sherlock's Mind Palace has no reply.
Aside from his vulpine visitor, he hasn’t been able to pick up the signs of any other company through this night vision scope. That’s not to say that there’s no one out there though. Courtesy of his brother’s foolishness and the sniper training provided by the British Army, Moran will be all but invisible. He'd better be out there — Sherlock’s not come all this way to end up empty-handed. Being taken by Moran and delivered to whomever he's now working for is about the only part of his plan that is essential. What happens after that will depend on what Mycroft does when he discovers where he — or his body — is. Whatever happens to him, John's decision to remain behind grants him some safety, which he can only hope that Mycroft will continue to provide, if this turns out to be a terminal mission.
Down the back alleyway and two buildings along, he enters the kitchen. After re-fuelling on a little sushi—what is it about cocaine that makes him hungry?—Sherlock is ready to take the next order out of the Misato restaurant, heading to north London to make a delivery. He's the third Deliveroo courier on a bike to leave the restaurant to deliver something in the past thirty minutes, so no one notices another one.
Next in are a couple whom Sebastian presumes to be the 'medical experts'. An older woman in her fifties and a younger man, thirtyish. Their familiarity with their surroundings and their relaxed demeanor, chatting easily in a room reserved for discussions of death, suggests that they have done this many times before.
In the hours that John has been gone, he has wrestled through piece after piece. Each one demanding, but at least the challenge is a constant. The science of music; the rules, the structure, the architecture. Specific combinations invoking predictable outcomes. Not like human emotions. Messy, unpredictable. Subject to change from one moment to the next.
Mike considers it, then agrees with himself, nodding. “Yes, even that much wouldn't be a problem. It would take a pretty amazing set up, but maybe survival is possible.”
“Yeah, I got lucky. Once she got over the colic and started sleeping through the nights, she turned out to be really easygoing.” John ran his palm over Watson’s blonde head slowly, over and over, occasionally stroking her cheek with an index finger. Sherlock’s own finger twitched, as if to touch John’s.
, and he saw her response and her understanding.
Then he climbs the stairs, slowly, to his room.
They certainly don't sound like anything to have an anxiety attack over. He had re-forged his path after those crises, scraped himself back together. Those hateful things had made him stronger. He had refused to let other people tell him he should quit medicine because of his autism. Both times, it had been a fit of rising anger at the unfairness of it all, which had pushed him past his emotional barriers and his reserves. That first time, he had nearly wrecked himself by not giving in, by demanding justice and better treatment. He'd ended up in psychiatric treatment, which had hardly felt like a price worth paying — until it turned out that everyone else did see how wrong Wilkes had been and how he'd victimised Sherlock because of his autism.
John chuckles, sliding into her vacated chair and pulling her onto his lap. Sherlock watches them with half an eye, keeping the rest of his attention reluctantly on the sizzling sausages. It wouldn’t do to scorch dinner.
have a family, just like he'd insisted to Mycroft when the older Holmes had tried to evict John from the conversation about Eurus.
A rush of fear courses through Sebastian as Jim removes the point of the knife from above his knee and starts tracing the skin underneath it, back and forth across the shin bone from the inside of his leg to the outside.
The conversation doesn't start off well. As far as Sherlock can tell, his boss is visibly angry at him, and he's glad to have Edgar's company even if it's backup he shouldn't need. Somehow, having another person in the room makes him feel that Lestrade might be a bit more polite than if they were just one-to-one. However, as soon as he recognises this relief, he chastises himself. This is what he has to work on, now: not needing others to protect him or to pave the way for him.
Instead of answering, he concentrated on pouring some of the wine into his own glass as she inspected hers, swirling the deep red liquid around the bottom. She gave it a delicate sniff and wrinkled her nose.
He had no option but to agree meekly to the command masked as an invitation. He'd been dreading this moment for weeks. This is the first time the two of them have been alone together since the moment he'd revealed the truth to his parents. The fact that he'd done so in the protective cocoon of the Diogenes Club had betrayed his reluctance to do so, but Sherlock had demanded a neutral ground and Mycroft could hardly deny him. He had also known that if he had not agreed to so inform them, then Sherlock would have gone to them on his own. Mycroft is not a coward but what he feels now, having to face her anger and live through a scene he has often imagined, can only be described as fear and dread.
There’s just one more point to be made—a stop hit that springs the ultimate surprise—and as they take up their positions, back to back, him facing north and the Irishman facing south, he times it perfectly.
He closes his mouth and glares daggers at me, instead.
The penny drops.
Still, it would be difficult to coordinate things between his King's work and GOSH; admin people at both ends would need to work together. He wonders how Marie would take it if his outpatient clinic work was curtailed because his caseload lightened. Wouldn't the most likely be relieved?
"I've run out of nicotine patches."
"I talked to him this morning. I already told him about the offer and that you are thinking about it."
, do you mean lying to me, to Lestrade, making a fool of everyone by pretending to be dead and subjecting us to the ... (his breath catches on the memory of sitting in the witness box answering intrusive questions about their relationship) God, I don’t even have words for how horrible it was ...  the farce of an inquest into your death?”
"Shit! Someone's inside. Greg, call for back-up!" Without hesitating, John throws open the door and charges in, eyes frantically looking for what he is afraid to find, but then does. Down the hall, in the corner near Mrs Hudson's door, the patterned Victorian armchair has an occupant: one elderly woman, bound and gagged with a package in her lap and tears in her eyes.
you, I think I want to give it a go. I don't need you to do it for me, I just need… you. But if it turns out that you think that taking the offer will put this…" he gestures between him and John, "…under intolerable strain, then I will turn it down without any regrets. You matter more to me than any other part of my life, John."
The Security Officer uses his own superuser password, switches into the Admin role and says, "Samuel Wong…." Then he switches into a different program, typing in that name. "…who called in sick today and there's no evidence of him being in the building at all."
"It's beautiful," Janine sighs. "I'd love to do that."
“Why’s your fortune look different than mine? Look, yours has been handwritten. Oooh. Must be the royal treatment from Noble House. ‘It’s Important to be Earnest.’ What’s that mean, then? Like that play? Or was it a book?”
"Not everyone is
, Sherlock interprets. For what part of what he's just told his husband, he is not certain. His first instinct is to flee the conversation, but he reminds himself that he's done nothing wrong. He's had an offer, that's all. One on which he wants John's input.
Maybe he could compartmentalise, but you can't. Sometimes you're so angry with him, yourself and the whole damned world that you think you might explode. And then in the blink of an eye, you're pole-axed with the emotion that makes your eyes red-rimmed from crying.
John goes ballistic. "Goddamn it, Sherlock!! NOW do you see why you shouldn't have let him go?"
"Why?"
"Experience. Having had crap bosses. Hopefully learning over the years not to be a very crap boss myself."
some sustained thought over the past several years, but the sensation in real life was a thousand times more intense, flooding his nervous system with a desire he couldn’t hide.
You sit down, open the notebook, pick up the pencil and write
aware that this report would inevitably be published after the coroner's inquest. It's not surprising that Doctor Watson would convince the Detective Inspector to provide him with a copy when it was completed. After all, he has studied your methods. I can’t just make evidence disappear.”
I have known it is coming since the rooftop. I can pinpoint my errors. The dramatic structure. Fixed in place and time. Morocco. The mood set, the characters; Guerin, Moran introduced. The back-story … how had I relegated John to the back-story. My first mistake.
Sherlock can feel through her hands Janine is tensing up as she listens to the music.
"Peculiar sleeping patterns are a common feature in ASD," Doctor Pichler confirms. "Have you found anything that helps?"
risking Sherlock’s life.
"I'm not panicking, Sherlock."
"But what about… your personal life? That sounds like you have to be able to drop everything at any time, regardless of whether you're with friends or…?"
"No, of course, you shouldn't be embarrassed. I just thought…"
Every fibre of Sherlock’s being is telling him to bolt and evidently John can read it in him too, so he pins him again.
Mycroft makes himself an open sandwich, then eats it by the kitchen counter — exceptionally casual for the older Holmes — watching me as I put food out onto two plates; one for me and one for Sherlock.
Sherlock glances at his watch; their session has run five minutes overtime.
He points at the other end of the corridor to the metal door. "Access stairs there."
John pressed his lips together and didn’t answer, waiting to see if she’d continue. She did.
John clears his throat. "I know you're going to get more information today but help me understand what it is about the offer that is enticing you," he tries.
"There's a smudge on the plaque; someone with sticky fingers must have been mucking about," he announces in a faux-concerned tone.
Movement and elasticity are two key components that I want to ensure are there in the relationships before I say 'yes'. I've had the okay from King's, and GOSH has been willing to be flexible. What I haven't heard is what
"Christ, I wished you'd told me yesterday. Now I'm going to look like a right berk — or worse, a liar — to Lestrade."
Ms Drew continues: "And it would depend on King's agreeing to it as well. It is a
"Take off your clothes."
"Mind your own business."
, in hopes that he can return to London (and let's be honest, to the most important man in all of London). Will his hard work pay off, or will it be too late for John, and for them?
of all the people they'd run across, she's probably the one most qualified to have removed Sherlock out of the Old Operating Theatre and across the road to the ward; she would have the medical training and qualifications to keep alive a person who was nearly dead from blood loss.
Uncle Rudy, who had recruited him into the service while he was still at Oxford, had explained it all those years ago. "Failures? Of course, my boy. There are always failures in this line of work. It is the
______________________
If this version of Victor is a surprise to you and you want to know more, then go explore the
If you are keen on seeing what the artwork above Jim's bed looks like, check out this
"Yes. But people higher up at GOSH are not the ones that matter. They won't be the people who I would be responsible for managing."
Music for Chapter 25 by johnlocklover221 on Tumblr/Dovahlock221 on AO3
Clenching his jaw shut in defeat, he does.
"That's okay, Philippe. Plenty of time for me to get a hot chocolate before Doctor Holmes is due to arrive. Do you want to join me?"
Waltz
Nettled, he said curtly, “
"For me, it is essential to know that I can walk back in here and pick up exactly where I was when I left. It's an important part of compartmentalising two jobs. I can't function in an open office space; I need things to be the way I want them to be."
"Good. I could do with some fresh powder. So far, the pistes have been so groomed and the routes so well-travelled that I might as well stick my skis in someone else's tracks and go to sleep. Boring."
The answer is a predictably breathy "Oh, Yes!" Ambition in one so young and easily fooled is always delightfully useful.
"Your disclosure was a bold move," Edgar admires. "I understand the necessity. The cost of work should not be a compromise in the best way one does the work. I have another theory regarding that meeting, by the way."
as Sherlock had described it.
Murphy gives a little shrug. "That's the point of giving you control of the timetable. If you put in too much, too fast, then you have only yourself to blame. I was told that it would be unlikely you'd accept the opportunity if it didn't allow you to continue your clinical career."
Sherlock rocks forward on his toes as he experiences a stab of guilt at how he had left things with John. Certainly the ‘pretending to be dead' thing will be seen as more than a bit not good. But against the backdrop of their conversation on the roof, it pales in comparison. Deeds can be undone, atoned for, but words, words can never be taken back. Once lodged in John's brain, the words Sherlock had used can't be erased, only forgiven.
"Duty calls. I'll be out until dawn. Make yourself at home."
"Then it may well be that there hasn't been any strain to your relationship."
"No, but they could easily headhunt someone they thought of as the best candidate, regardless of whether they are on the Spectrum or not. It can just be useful information they need to take into account. And that is what you have given them."
John grins. He hadn't quite anticipated how much seeing it in print, on-site, would affect him. Saying that he's proud would be a little… condescending, wouldn't it? Then again, why shouldn't he be allowed to be proud? Sure, he'd expressed his reservations, but they shouldn't be things which wouldn't have occurred to Sherlock as well. He'd been supportive of John when he'd been promoted to Clinical Director and, at first, John had merely felt obligated to return the favour. But now, after seeing how hard Sherlock had worked, particularly in areas where he had to throw himself into something that he found particularly difficult, John's admiration for him has increased immensely.
. He would have sniffed and murmured, "Sentiment."  Anger flares and you reject the idea of taking anything. He's left enough scars for you to remember.
His thoughts trail off again.
He had debated on the way over whether he needed to place a bug in Watson’s bedroom. Probably not necessary for the ‘official’ task but he can’t get the niggling feeling out of his gut that Jim has a personal interest in Watson beyond whatever scheme he is working on. This one is going to take some real ingenuity though, given the fact that the man is asleep in the room.
“Time to finish this, I think.”
"Can I—" Sherlock asks, already hoarse with arousal, and presses their groins together. Both still have pants on but even through the layers of fabric it's unmistakeable that they're both hard. The rhythmic stutter of his hips against John and the way he has wound his arms tightly around John's neck likely signals this is how he wants to come, from rutting against each other, embracing with the entire lengths of their bodies pressed together. John wraps his arms around his waist, presses small kisses along his bicep.
for a change, but I do wonder about the reasons why I found myself initially opposed to it. As listed, there are many benefits. I worry that I am just a coward."
“Leave it
you or
"What?!"
She interrupts. "Could you please use the terms in full rather than the initials."
"He would think you are being sarcastic."
"I get excited about boys' toys; you know that," Greg grins as he stops separating papers into piles, then gives John a calculating look. "So, what is it this time? Problem?"
"Put the phone and screwdriver on the table, and take a seat.” John waves his right hand in the direction of the chair on the opposite side of the table. “You and I are going to have a little chat.”
And thank God for that. At least he has had something to keep himself occupied during the excruciatingly boring period of his death. Over the past seven weeks he has he has combed through John’s extensive wardrobe of checked button-down shirts, rifled through the drawers of questionable jumpers and even more questionable vests. He has summoned the twenty two shades of blue that swim through his eyes, the fourteen variations of blond and five of silver hair that adorn his head and cycled through the infinite ways in which John communicates what he is thinking, how he is feeling, with just a look.
oOoOoOo
"Taking on the responsibility of leading a research unit is not that dissimilar to what John does in his administrative position at King's, is it? He could offer invaluable advice to you based on his experiences."
"Yes. We'll see if two days a week is enough but, for now, it appears a functional division of my time."
"How many appointments a week, and on which days?"
John pulled back with wide eyes and sobered immediately. “Sher—Oh my god, Sherlock. I’m not going to
It's a CV of an actor —
“But you said,” Sherlock starts towards him, hoping what? That he can convince John otherwise by invading his personal space?
“How long did it take you to get from pantomime donkey to the twinkle-toes wheeling Irina around the floor like a pro?”
"I don't know. He never mentioned it to me. In between our time together."
The tone in Sebastian’s words conveys his overt admiration, and Jim basks in it.
The financials had been detailed in an email which had arrived from GOSH an hour before this appointment. Combined with 60 % pay from King's, the GOSH wage would significantly increase his earnings. Not that it's of much importance to him — the shunt royalties would allow him to retire today if he so chose. But John might be impressed. Or envious.
It reminds her of the dancing. Sherlock's hold on her is different. His hand on her back communicates an intention, not an order. His hand holding hers keeps her in balance as they move across the floor. Sherlock is a fine dancer, and he's an even better kisser, but she's given up hope of wrestling him into the bedroom to see if all that smouldering hotness can translate into something meaningful. Even if she did, Janine knows he isn't the husband for her. She has to earn or marry enough money to buy her father's safety, as well as a stable income to fund the home in the country and the creature comforts of being a wife and mother. Sherlock doesn’t need of someone like that.
," Sherlock complains.
"Ready?" Branger asks, planting his poles in the snow.
As John struggles to extract his arm, Moran says, "Hey, man. Relax!" loud enough to be heard by the pedestrians who are staring as they give the two men an even wider berth, passing as close to the walls as possible.
Sherlock's parents had welcomed Rosie as though she was their own grandchild. John had suspected, too, that it may have something to do with neither of their boys being the kind to start a family or even marry.
At least the pet is still around. But If Watson wants to avoid a criminal conviction, he is going to have to lay low for a while and that gives Sebastian … no one take his frustrations out on. Maybe it's time to poke something into life.
Definitely a key sherlockian feature, yes. Words are not his friends when he's upset. "I guess he just needs time to process things."
John is not having a bit of it. “Do. Not.
For those who are interested in poetry, you may be interested to know that I am adopting (adapting?) in this story a poetic form first coined by Bashō in 17th c Japan. The idea of linking a "prose poem" with a haiku is called
It always annoys Sherlock when she sounds like she has a solid theory but is concealing it and trying to fish out his distorted thinking. "Our schedules haven't coincided yet. But there is another reason. I don't want him to think I don't want to work with him or need his help."
. Where is all of this coming from tonight? I wasn't there, so how could you have embarrassed me?"
The website text has a live update that comes up.
Involuntarily, Sebastian brings his hand up to stroke Jim’s lower back, lean muscle under silky shirt, and feels his own tension, over the last week’s happenings, fall away. He lets slip a contented sigh.
He's not going to give anything more to this audience than he absolutely has to. "Yes."
"Black box boogie …" Jim is running the letter opener blade over Sebastian's arse now. "I want to see him
He assumed John had meant to hurry him into the bedroom
When I nod, we agree to rendezvous at the chairs down at the nurses' station.
To his relief, she laughs. "Yeah, I can't see you at a singles night. And as for policewomen… it would be a bit like a busman's holiday."
"Yes?"
(link to playlists in fic summary)
Pity, Sebastian thinks, he was hoping for a bit more of a reaction.
Jim flashes Carlton an overly apologetic smile, rolling his eyes dramatically as he mouths the word, “Work.” Carlton manages a weak smile in return.
“What’s for dinner? And is Daddy going to be done working soon?”
His head is swimming a little, and the time it takes for words to take for is longer than usual.
be? Is there any way to estimate whether that could be possible without delegating all the human factors involved to be managed by others?
His eyes snap open again, and I swear now they are more icy blue than green. "I
“And these would be?” Sherlock regards the contents of the bag with suspicion.
Sherlock obliges, and the effect is to bring DeAngelo even tighter into his chest.
“Delighted as I would be to entertain your suggestion, I regret that I have to decline. I need to have a serious conversation with you, Doctor Watson, no matter what state of inebriation you are in.”
'. How the hell do you get offered jobs without applying for them?"
, the text message bearing the video had read, and John is powerless to do anything else.
“Think we’ve got some of those instant potatoes in the cupboard. That’ll go nicely with these, yeah?” John suggests.
By the time it was clear to him that John had somehow severed ties almost completely, he was six months clean and busy full time with cases, whether private or for the Met. (He was giving Mycroft a good leaving-alone, along with any task Mycroft might try to inflict on him.) His work was back to normal.
It makes him angry. Why can't he dream of the good times? The shared laughter, the exhilaration of
"You're making noise, not music.”
“Can you stand?”
“No, you won’t.” Jim gets up from the sofa and takes the glove from the platter with his right hand and proceeds to slap it against the palm of his left as he paces around the room.
’ and then tried to convince John, the person who knew him better than anyone else in the world… that he was something he was not. A fake. A fraud.
a potential solution, but he doesn't
"How mysterious. And rather inconvenient for your love life."
"Daddy knows best," Jim purrs, tossing the towel aside and padding across the plush slate gray carpet to slip onto the bed, stretching languorously. "The idjits thought they could fool me. Someone worked out that I was targeting that particular flight. When I find out who, I'm going to skin him alive."  He picks up a letter opener from the bedside table and uses it to summon Sebastian to lie beside him.
"He had an EpiPen. Did he have an allergy?"
"Uh huh."
After the wedding, Greg’s low-level worries had started growing again. Sally hadn’t been certain which of the pair he’d been more worried about, but by then she’d known them well enough to know that it didn’t matter. What affected one of them affected both.
Then he shrugs, "
"Doctor John Watson. I'm his husband. He said he was escorting an avalanche victim here."
There are closed shutters and metal security screening on the flat's French doors, and presumably the black-out curtains are drawn because no light is seeping from what appears to be an unoccupied flat. The lights are on in the first floor flat, which Mycroft finds reassuring. It's occupied by a trusted agent who has taken on the role of protecting the unidentified asset in the garden flat who has been entrusted to his safekeeping.
She glanced in as the door swung shut.
I look at my watch. "No. The helicopter trip may be only ten minutes, but Philippe says it will take us at least thirty minutes from Siviez to Sion; we're still in the town now. So, by the time I pry Sherlock away from his patient and then apologise to all the hospital staff he will have riled up, we'll probably hit the rush hour on the main roads back to Verbier." I try to hide my smirk. "Go on your date, Mycroft. We'll be fine."
John shrugs. "He talks a lot."
Mycroft's resignation, no, worse—his surrender—is still ringing in Sherlock's ears. The fact that Mycroft had taken the cigarette was the surest sign that he's given up completely.
She sits back from him. "What kind of appointment?"
The psychiatrist who also administered psychotherapy was Austrian. Her accent was quite subtle, and Violet had stopped paying attention to it quickly.
By the time he walks into the sky-lit bathroom, the final rays of the setting sun are turning the tips of the pine trees behind the chalet a soft pink. The lower parts of the valley are already shrouded in darkness.
“What?” he asks above the sound of the blades when he can’t take it any longer. The microphone that is part of the helmet and ear defenders they are wearing gets the message through the noise.
He puts on a sad face. "I've got an appointment tonight."
An unconscious person could have been carried straight across the street. Between the cars parked on either side of the road, the open space is only about four meters. It could be timed; two taller vehicles—say a van and an SUV—on either side of a narrow gap would have shielded anything going across from the cameras. It was a dark night after all.
“I’m sorry. I can more easily imagine riding a horse to the moon than having this conversation with John.”
"There's an admittedly sizeable house in Shropshire, but I find it terribly stuffy; something of a crumbling ruin, if truth be told."
The soldier in him thinks this is a lousy time to be trying to shoot anyone; twilight will be upon them momentarily. He shakes his head. "I've never seen you fire a pistol. What makes you think that you'd be able to shoot Moriarty at twenty paces in this fucking light? Or, better still, what makes you think that Moran would ever let you anywhere near Moriarty with a loaded gun? He'll kill you first, even before you two get halfway through the farce."
"Wait." Jim issues the command to both the caller and to Carlton as he turns back to the boardroom table and wakes up the last laptop. He keys in a few strokes and up pops the Military Air Traffic Control system. Still with the phone to his ear, Jim drops his gaze down to his right trouser pocket and then back up Carlton, flicking his eyes back down again.
He'd been away at Eton when Victor Trevor went missing, but was home for the summer soon afterwards, and had witnessed, first-hand, the toxic relationship between his two younger siblings. He had seen Eurus' drawings and done nothing, said nothing which could have—might have—made a difference. He had never thought that she would act on her childish fantasies. He had also doubted that Mummy would have even believed him. Eurus was her pride, the pinnacle of her legacy, and she never found it hard to believe his sister's lies and obfuscations regarding who had committed the latest act of mischief. They had all either failed to notice why Sherlock was frightened and miserable in Eurus' company, or underestimated the malevolence of her jealousy. Not speaking up was a guilt he'd borne for a lifetime, and it had motivated so many of his subsequent choices.
"He'll live. Bruises, cold, nothing too serious."
"Half of London woke up in the middle of the night. How do we explain that?"
“He was found face down,” she points out. “And it’s less than five inches deep. There are no lacerations from the brickwork or indication of a fall or a struggle and even if there was, he would have gone in backwards, not face first …”
Well south of the Shard and east of Kennington, where the neighbourhoods of St Saviours, Elmington and Willowbrook come with the tell-tale add-on of "Estate", the area becomes a wild west of no fewer than eight competing gangs. Their battleground is pock-marked with the crumbling remnants of industrial London once serviced by the row housing of workers. Victorian slum clearance down here has left only the concrete monstrosities of sixties and seventies tower blocks and council housing that not even hard-up office workers will try to gentrify. These streets have become the canvas of the dispossessed, the frustrated, the left-behinds.
Perhaps it's because these women trust Doctor Pichler that they so readily accept her.
He'd give anything to be able to do that now, but the place is devoid of everything and everyone that he had wanted to find there. His eyes keep roving around, trying to find some tell-tale clue, some piece of evidence that would have meaning only to him and Sherlock, something to cling to that would say all of what has happened is a charade.
Moran shakes his head. "He doesn't need your help. Bezos will do whatever it takes to keep the Americans from attacking Moriarty, because if he doesn't Amazon will be destroyed. The fate of one Irishman and a bit of money extorted from Amazon on one side of the scales versus the collapse of a three-trillion-dollar company that's one of America's Big Five flagships of capitalist consumerism? Get real."
“Some of Moran’s things, sorry, I couldn’t find anything else.”
"Why? So you could have told me off and salvaged the situation like you always do?"
Watson. My colleague on the next shift will introduce herself."
“Yes!” Her little fist pumps in the air as she clambers back onto her knees on the chair.
According to Laura, he had dozed off and dropped his oxygen saturation enough to warrant supplemental oxygen. In the recovery room, he'd been exhausted and dizzy which had continued well into the evening at the ward, and painkillers had added a bit of nausea into the mix. His blood pressure kept hovering relatively low — but not so low that it would have demanded intervention with medication at the ward. It was only after breakfast that it returned to his normal level. After a good meal and a mug of coffee he finally felt quite tolerable, and would be going home with a newfound respect for how much even endoscopic knee surgery combined with spinal anaesthesia can mess up a patient's homeostasis.
"Don't ask me to stop skiing. Statistically speaking, I am more likely to die crossing a road in London than I am on a ski slope. I didn't stop you from going to Afghanistan, and we weren't afraid to go to Malosa. We can manage this."
To be honest, he'd pleased she's there. Molly had dropped by the flat yesterday after the inquest and hovered in the doorway, seemingly unsure of her welcome. He’d been too exhausted for small talk and had been grateful when had she stated that the purpose of her visit was just to see whether he would be alright if she attended the inquest the next day. He didn't really have an opinion either way last night, but now, he’s quite grateful that there is at least one friendly face here.
It's not working.
Lots of people ski. Accidents happen. Sherlock could've been hit by a car in London, instead, or suffered some other thing that's statistically so much likelier. So far, I've been so preoccupied with just reacting, for being enraged by what I am having to endure and process that I've not yet quite considered his side of the story. It's easier to be angry than it is to really think about what happened. What was it like? When did he realise what was going to happen? What was it that the doctor had said… was it fifteen minutes it took to dig him out? How'd his rib get cracked? What did he think about, buried under all that snow? Fifteen minutes is a very, very long time when you're fearing for your life. I remember very little about when I got shot, but I remember seconds passing like years. I was dimly aware of how fast everything happened, but it still felt like a lifetime, felt as if time had stopped.
Sherlock announces this from a prone position. He is stretched out on the sofa, his legs elevated on some cushions and his head in my lap, where I am idly carding my fingers through his hair. Am I happy that the film has distracted us both from the events of the past few days?
Lestrade is staring at him, concern warring with annoyance in his expression. The DI had turned up the police station alongside Waterloo train station about ninety minutes after John's allotted phone call. John's watch, wallet, keys and phone had been taken from him and he was formally arrested, then put into an interview room until the DI could arrive.
"He's dead."
"I can easily deduce you had an unpleasant shift that entailed staying overtime, and the precise nature of your hardships today is information that neither benefits nor interests me in any way. It also does not benefit you in any way to dwell on those events."
She is elegance personified, and Janine sighs, staring at her own form in the mirror in dismay. “Maybe this isn’t such a good idea. I’m not exactly graceful.”
Perhaps he is turning a corner. Once they get to know him, some people appear willing to judge him on
Behind him, he can hear Jim starting to undress, buttons being prised through stiff buttonholes and belt being passed through buckle. Sebastian squirms in anticipation, seeking the friction of the mattress against his now extremely interested cock, but only minutely so that Jim won't notice. But, of course, he does.
Gagging and short on oxygen, Sebastian is brought back to the now.
“So far? He’s currently tracking down someone in your Homeless Network. Will they talk?”
Patel's eyebrows have been rising throughout this description. When Sherlock finishes, he says wryly, "Is that a case of having your cake and eating it too?"
restaurant has confirmed our table, John. Are you sure you don't want to join us, Sherlock?"
Mycroft slides a file folder across the table.
Inspiration for Chapter Six:
"Good night, sweet prince."
"I don't want to end up in a battle of wits and denial with you today, Sherlock. I have promised to call you out on when your tendency to compensate for embarrassment by dismissing your need for support threatens our therapeutic relationship."
John’s temper finally snaps. "People have
It surprises Sherlock how little anxiety he feels sitting next to his mother in the waiting room of Doctor Pichler's Harley Street clinic. Then again, he has very little to lose in attending this joint session. The next sixty minutes will reveal how much Violet Holmes thinks their relationship is worth. If she refuses to meet him halfway, it will merely confirm his suspicions that it may be a fool's hope that their relationship could improve.
The angrier John gets, the harder Sherlock is struggling to find the right words — the words he'd rehearsed with Joanna. Defensively, he blurts out, "I was at GOSH because of my valve research, and then Stella just sprang this idea on me. I didn't know this was what she wanted to see me about, and she  wasn't even the one who booked the meeting; upon seeing her, I assumed it was some scheme of Violet's. I didn't go there to talk to anyone about any position. There was just the workspace for the research I needed to sort out, but suddenly I'm being coaxed into lead a whole new unit! I didn't know what to think."
Sherlock is a vision in black; the Kjus ski wear accentuates his slim figure. His hair is plastered to his head, curls squashed by wearing a helmet for hours. His expression is hard to read until he sets his eyes on me, and then there is a warmth in those blue eyes that takes my breath away.
When he offers his hand, I shake it firmly.
"Strain?" Sherlock looks as though he has no idea what the psychiatrist is talking about. "Yes, John was worried about the impact of my new job on my stress level and the amount of time that we have together. John can get rather petty about other men directing attention at me, but Edgar has been instrumental in ensuring there is ample time for the two of us to unwind together and John has realised the benefits. I was dubious about the concept of
