"Maybe Steve has some art stuff down in his quarters that she could play with?" Bruce suggested. "I'm sure he wouldn't mind."
. Plus, his back was bothering him, aching in a way he wasn't accustomed to, and so getting comfortable enough to sleep might have been almost impossible anyway.
Tony raised an eyebrow. "While you're keeping in contact with Wilson and Natasha," he said, and Steve grinned.
"See? And Papa says I never listen to him," he teased as he glanced back at the baby, who just turned her head to him and smiled and gurgled in response.
But Wilson just smiled a little and shook his head and murmured to himself, "You got nothing," as he picked up his drink and took a gulp.
Rhodey, of course, was there to tell tales of Tony's stupid college endeavors (somehow forgetting to mention that
But Steve, that bastard, just laughed, and he grabbed one of the hands Tony swatted at him and pulled it to his mouth and kissed it.
Tony slathered cream cheese on his bagel — hey, if Barton could eat breakfast food in the middle of the afternoon, then so could he — and said, "Yeah, but it might not be so bad. She's one of the few friendlies we've got, and at least it's radio. No pictures to worry about."
But Steve just shook his head. "The mother of my child may be a lot of things, but she's? He's?" He blinked and frowned then continued, "
"Good. I'll ask you periodically how you feel, but if there comes a point where you feel like we need to stop, use your safe word. What is it?"
Bucky shot a knowing look at Sam. "Don't knock it 'til you try it," he said, and Sam shook his head and sat back from the group.
"You're crazy," he said with a mutter. "You're goddamned crazy. I'm trying to reason with a crazy person."
"Don't even start," Tony said and reached out to slap a hand over Steve's mouth. "Look, I already told you about my…
Bruce just put a hand to Tony's shoulder and pushed him back down. "I don't know. I don't think so, but…"
an explanation for it." Then he laughed. "Why don't you want to admit that she could have been from the future— from
He still couldn't seem to sleep, so he got up and quietly padded out to the living room. He remembered as soon as he arrived that Barnes was sleeping on the couch, and he stood off to the side and stared at the sleeping assassin, wondering if this was all part of some plot that Steve would never believe — not until said plot was holding a fucking gun to his head, and even then.
Other Tony dropped his hand and shrugged a little, like he wasn't sure how to explain it, and Tony eyed him a moment as he tried to discern the sincerity of his words before he began to collect the photographs and set them back in the box they'd been brought in.
He shook his head and decided it would be better to go bullshit with Bucky and Sam. Sam would nag him about the video, but if he kept quiet enough about it, Sam would eventually give up just because he wasn't getting the desired response. Bucky…he didn't know about Bucky. Bucky, oddly, had all but taken Tony's side in the breakup, and he remembered Bucky just shaking his head at him and saying,
"I don't think you give him or yourself enough credit, Tony. I don't think he wishes you were your father— All right, maybe at first," he added at Tony's unimpressed look. "But I've never once heard him say it, and I've never heard any of the others talking about it."
He nodded his head, his coffee clutched tightly in his hands. "Hydra. They're going to know. They're going to know it's Steve's, and they're going to—"
"Well, he's a gentleman," Sharon said with an easy shrug. She then made a slight face and added, "A little
He huffed a bit and said, "Fine. Let's go to my lab, J. Get some work in before Steve gets home with my feast. Wait! No, on second thought—" He yawned and rubbed his belly. "Penthouse, J. Might as well catch a few more winks until Steve gets back. No shame in that, right?"
"All the written ones," Hill replied, even and businesslike. "I have about five messages on my phone from Trish Walker's producer. I'm not even sure how she got the number."
do anything stupid. He might not recognize you. Don't spook the shit out of him trying to make him remember."
"Nah, I did. That's sort of—" He let out a laugh and scratched at his face with the hand that Tony wasn't working on. "Look, man, that's not my…that's not my deal. I don't care if that's… But that's not my deal. But I gotta tell ya, it…it was sort of…insulting."
He made to go back to the car again, but Steve hesitated a moment then said from behind him, "Tony, I can't. He's— He's my
"Do you think she knew? That Steve was going to… You think she knew that? You think that's why she did this?"
Steve smiled, and he leaned over and pressed a gentle kiss against Tony's lips. Tony returned the kiss in kind before Steve pulled away again.
"Because! It doesn't. Look, Skynyrd isn't exactly Zeppelin or Sabbath, but it's still not— You're from
Tony shot a pointed look at him over his menu. "Steve," he said evenly and firmly like he meant business and he wasn't taking 'no' for an answer, "it's my treat. Whatever you want."
And Bucky, knowing what Steve had run off to do, would be the first one to see it, if only to torment Steve with the knowledge.
Tony slid his hand down over Steve's abdomen then reached beneath the hem of his shirt and slid his hand right back up over the hard, firm lines of muscle.
"Yeah, well, doesn't really matter now. It's all in the past. I'm not really upset about it. It's just… It's something I would have been upset about then — maybe I
He sat there, blinking, holding his daughter in the air, fuses completely blown by what had just happened, and through the muddled comprehension going on in his brain at the moment, he heard Steve say a quiet, "Oh, dear," and set his flatware down to reach his hands out to the baby, who seemed no worse for the wear by what she'd just done, smacking her small mouth and looking over at Steve.
Bruce sighed and set the tablet he'd been holding down on a work table. "No, let's go down to medical. Might as well try to make this somewhat legit."
"Yeah, sure, great job. Hey, you might want to rethink the 'James Anthony,'" Barnes said, making a face as he looked down to where Bruce was, with the aid of DUM-E, wiping off and looking over the squalling new life he held in his hands.
"Hmm…" he said, watching as Steve pulled them from their velvet encasing. "Going all-out tonight, are we?"
He hummed a little more and reached up to nibble at Steve's jaw, and Steve was able to formulate a thought that went a little something like, "You know, we really…shouldn't…do…this here. We should go back…"
Natasha got to her feet then leaned up against the rocking chair and began to run light fingers through his hair. "What do you mean?"
"You wish me to do something to the Chancellor?" she asked the Council, but by the tone in her voice and the flash of red in her eyes, it was apparent that their answer to that query could very well be a matter of 'life' and 'death' for them.
"All right," she said and stood up, that strange sound tinkling in the air. He stole a quick glance at her gown and looked for bells or charms of some kind — something that could be making the sound — but he gave up and shrugged.
Tony grinned and turned to his bedside table. "Funny you should mention that. I was just reading about what we could do to speed up the process."
Tony stared at him a moment, seemingly perplexed that Bucky would even have to ask that question, before he huffed out a breath and shook his head and said, "You people are ridiculous. No, it's not something weird. For god's sake, I have standards."
. You may have the mystery of your mystery woman a little longer." He picked up his spoon and pointed at Rhodey with it. "But seriously, if I don't meet this mystery woman until the wedding, I'm going to be fucking pissed. I just want to put that out there right now so there's no confusion about it later on."
The woman frowned in pity and disgust. "Ugh, the worst of the summer months! My oldest was a summer baby, too, and let me tell you! They didn't have air conditioning back then. It's not fun being sticky and sweaty and your belly out to here—" she held her hand several inches in front of her, "—so big you can't even see your feet!" She patted his arm. "You're lucky. You girls today have things we couldn't have dreamed of back in the day! You probably already know what you're having, don't you?"
"Sure," she said, warmed by the offer, and after a slight bit of juggling, Hill took the baby into her arms and rocked her ever-so-gently, cooing at her and smiling at her while Bruce helped Tony slip into what was indeed some kind of mesh underwear and a gigantic maxi-pad, and he settled back into the bed and sat on the icepack as Bruce had suggested, grimacing a little as he once again decided that making this whole thing and painful and as overall awful as it had been was a
"Yeah, no, not sure that you do, Tarzan. See, my body is not designed for child-bearing — and I can't believe those words are actually coming out of my mouth—"
Steve just shrugged, still pleased with himself for the insult, but then he frowned some and asked, "Is that what Buck wanted to talk to me about?" evidently getting back on track. "That he doesn't hate me, I mean?"
"Well, the wholesome family image, maybe. You're familiar with that, right? Fictional Captain America's World War II exploits were a lot more wholesome than your real-life exploits."
Olivia giggled but seemingly went bashful and turned away to press her face into Steve's shoulder but still peeked an eye out to make sure she didn't miss any of what was going on.
He sat down, tugging Steve with him, and Steve sat beside him and settled Olivia onto his lap. "Rats?"
"Nothing. Just a reminder that there's something living inside of me that's looking for attention. That's all."
Steve gave Tony a pat on the back and said, "Coming right up," before he went over to the fridge and pulled the carton out. Tony stuck a few slices of bread in the toaster then sat back down at the island.
He finished up in the shower, dressed, pulled his damp hair back into a ponytail, and made his way down to the kitchen where Natasha and Bruce sat with their respective breakfasts, and Tony began to hum a pleasant little tune to himself as he looked through the cupboards for something to eat.
"Yeah," Steve said with a sigh as he sat down as the island, Olivia's highchair beside him. She turned her head and smiled at him when she saw him, gurgling and babbling non-words at him.
"Much better," Tony said, a wistful smile drawing over his lips. "At least for me, anyway. I can't speak for anyone else on the matter."
"Just don't tell Steve about it," he said with a shrug. When she didn't seem all that impressed by his suggestion, he added, "Fine. Any Hydra goons within reach?"
"Validation," Tony replied as DUM-E zoomed back to Steve with the ball in his claw, and he dropped it in Steve's offered hand, only to chase back after it when Steve threw it across the lab again.
He sat back some, and he considered Steve a moment before he took the tablet out of his hands and reached out to set it on the nightstand. He then threw a leg over Steve's lap to straddle him, and Steve bent his knees and pulled his legs up to provide more of a balance for Tony as he straddled his waist, his arms draped over Steve's shoulders, and his belly brushing against Steve's rock-hard abdomen.
It was later that night, when they'd all retired to their beds, that Steve had spooned up behind Tony, curling his arm around him and pulling him close, and finally understanding what Tony had been saying earlier without actually saying it, he'd whispered in his ear, "
"Nesting?" Steve asked as he came down the steps, pastel yellow paint splatters covering him from head-to-toe and splotches of pastel yellow dotting his arms.
She nodded, and he stood up and scooped her up into his arms, and she squealed with laughter and cried out a happy, "Papa!" as she wrapped her arms around his neck and let him carry her upstairs.
Tony snorted a laugh and set the iron down to cook. "Yeah, good luck with that. He and the Air Force have this, like, symbiotic relationship with each other. They just can't quit each other."
It hit him as they lay on the sofa that afternoon, she curled up against him, snuggled into that little crevice between him and the couch, a blanket thrown over them, and from out of nowhere, some strange feeling of love and protection came over him. He'd
I made myself clear in that we were never to discuss this ever again, but evidently, you have a bad memory, so let me refresh it: We are
"Los Angeles and Chicago news bureaus getting feeds from unaffected affiliates," Natasha said. "Local stuff is more word on the street," she added with a shrug.
"Maybe someone different?" Steve said. "Like another identity or something. Like a…female identity."
"I think so." He thought about it a moment then snorted a bitter laugh. "What the hell am I talking about? I thought I could
," he said and motioned over himself, "is what you're supposed to dress like when you're going out in public where people are going to see you."
And then there was he himself, shorter and past his prime and maybe a little dumpy, with scars he'd never be rid of and wrinkles lining his face and gray hairs invading his dark hair. Steve could see, couldn't he?
Tony pulled away slightly to have a better vantage point to look at him from. "Wait, you've been reading up on pregnancy and everything that goes along with it since the beginning of the year, and
"What's wrong?" Steve asked, knowing immediately that something was up. Not necessarily because he was good at deduction but because Tony was making it so obvious.
Steve and Tony glanced at each other, their eyes doing a sort of dance as they gave this some consideration, while Bruce said, "So…we have to put up with this crap for the rest of our lives?"
"The worst fucking traitor of all," the agent continued. "She definitely has a world of pain coming to her."
Tony might have been the one to do the work, but he'd been pretty much dead set against reading anything that could be of benefit to him. Steve supposed he understood. Hell, Tony was probably in shock for almost the whole pregnancy, still not believing that it was really happening to him. So, that left Steve to pick up the slack, and he picked it up with aplomb, reading and researching everything he could get his hands on or what came to mind. He wanted to know. Pregnancy and childbirth had been pretty much a mystery back in his day — something best left to the 'professionals.' There were a great many things he loved about the future, but one of the things he loved most was how accessible information was. Everything and anything he could possibly want to know was at his fingertips morning, noon, and night. And so he read. And researched. And planned. And calculated. If Tony didn't want to know, then Steve was going to learn enough for both of them. And it was a good thing he had because Tony, even if he'd never admit it even to himself, had relied on him for information and guidance. No, Steve didn't know everything he was doing, but he knew a lot, and online videos — such a great help. It wasn't always easy getting a visual from words printed on a screen, and the demo videos he'd found online were a godsend. That didn't mean he'd gotten everything on the first try. Diapers in particular were a bit tricky, as was bathing, at first, when she was so young and slippery. He liked to think he was an old pro at things now, though he knew there were still stumbling blocks that lay ahead.
He rolled his eyes and turned to Thor, who was shoving his sandwich in his mouth. "You can keep your postcards. I was just being pissy."
Steve shrugged again but didn't say anything, and Tony watched him eat a moment before he said, "Do you remember going into the ice? Crashing the plane?"
Thor darted his gaze to Tony a moment then turned back to Steve. "I am afraid the Man of Iron shall be…in that form for longer than intended."
. You're still the same person I fell in love with. You just have a different…outer shell. That I still find very appealing."
that team. This Tony Stark couldn't even be bothered to lead his own company. Which was just as well. As far as he could figure, that Miss Potts seemed to be a much more capable and talented leader than Tony Stark had ever been. This Tony Stark wasn't even trusted to be on the team let alone be entrusted with its function and mission and purpose, and quite frankly, Steve didn't
still have children, couldn’t he?), and Steve would name him 'James' in honor of his fallen friend, the one guy that always had his back, the fellow that had promised to follow him 'til the end of the line.
He watched as Natasha thinned her lips in glum thought and said, "Doesn't appear to be," with a slight shake of her head. "Unconnected, but smart enough to take advantage of a bad situation."
"Night-night Unca Rhodey," she said with a yawn and a wave, and Rhodey smiled a little at her and said, "See you in the morning, kid."
Tony sat back at little from his computer. He'd actually forgotten that he'd asked Wilson to send Barnes down, but he pushed that to the back of his mind and said, "Honestly? I know it's only been, like, a month-and-a-half, but it's kind of gotten to the point where when I see or think of one of you, the other one immediately pops into mind."
She patted his arms then made for the direction of her bedroom. "Let me get my bag and then you can buy me breakfast."
look so delectable, I could eat you with a spoon, and I want to show you off to everyone there, so, no, we'll go — at least for a little while."
"I’m filthy from the battle," was all he could think to say, and Tony rolled his eyes and pointed to the bathroom on the side of the lab.
He laughed. "I don't know. I didn't listen to that shit. Steve did. I barely passed that class, which is stupid, when you think about it. I mean, what would they do if you didn't pass? Not let you become parents? Take the kid off you as soon as it's born?"
Tony saved his progress with Bruce's stretchy pants, and he sat up a little, trying to play it cool, but his palms began to sweat, and he wiped them off on his pants then swallowed his nerves and said, "Say, Cap—
He hadn't. He was just assuming as much because…because he had to believe that if this sequence matched exactly, then that meant that this Olivia was that Olivia. There was no possible way that an alternate universe would produce the same exact results. Similar, maybe, but not exact.
"I know. He's old," she said like this was something she had heard from someone else and had taken as gospel truth, and Tony assumed it was him — or alternate universe him — when she added, "but we love him."
Thor exhaled a breath, and he looked at the small group of friends he had gathered around him and said, "I do not have proof, but I believe it to be possible that the scepter — the power contained within the scepter — holds one of the six Infinity stones."
Steve pointed over his ensemble. "That cute little top you've got there with the little bow on the side and, uh — what are they called? — Capri pants?"
They were saved from any more talk by the waitress setting down their heaping breakfast platters, the clatter of the plates against the tabletop snapping them both out of whatever trance they'd been in, and she topped off their coffees yet again before she moved over to a group of tipsy college students that had taken seats at the counter.
Tony settled Olivia in to continue nursing — Olivia not giving him anything that could be remotely construed as difficulty — and he exhaled a breath and said, "I might."
Steve shrugged, attempting to play it off but Tony saw the glint of deviousness in his blue-green irises.
Bruce didn't know the Cap all that well. He seemed like the kind of guy that would be good with kids, but then again, he was part of that so-called 'Greatest Generation,' and history had them as not being the most affectionate or involved of fathers. Still, he didn't think he was overstepping his bounds too much when he said, "I'm sure he misses you, too. And I'm sure he can't wait to get home and see you again."
makeup, sugar plum. It's fun to play with, it makes me look good, and it makes me feel good about myself. And seriously—" he added as he grabbed his clutch to shove the lipstick and the mirror back into it, "—man bags need to be a thing, all right? Like, seriously, you don't have to just shove everything into your pockets,
"I feel like I need to have a lighter out," Tony said and made the hand motion for holding a lit lighter up. "I mean, isn't it customary for this song?" he added, but Steve shushed him, and he huffed and sat back in his seat, watching as they passed through green light after green light on the drive uptown, waiting for the long guitar solo that followed through the end of the song. No way did Steve enjoy
The clerk just sat there, staring, and Tony heard the quiet tick of a clock from somewhere in the vicinity. He started to count out the seconds, and he got up to twenty-six before the clerk spoke again.
"—and she constantly went on about who I think were her favorite aunt and uncle, which, yeah, we know Natasha, but who the hell is Buck—"
"All right, Tony," Bruce said as he poised the wand above Tony's abdomen. "This is probably going to feel a little funny. Try not to move too much."
— and here's an absolutely crazy suggestion — you can let her do it. She does it. She's very good at it. Again,
"Yeah, that's where they're running into trouble," Barton said as he produced a tablet. "They can't get them back. In some cases, they're completely fried. Some smaller substations here and there that seemed to escape, but they don't have the capacity to power the entire grid." He swiped his finger to show Steve something. "Lucky for us, all of New York City is completely off."
The wave of nausea came back, and he grimaced and said, "You know Steve doesn't like to talk about—"
"Oh, good," Steve said with a relieved breath. "I thought it was only me. Boy, those things really suck, huh?"
He screamed and smacked Steve, and Steve burst out laughing and pulled him back upright again. Tony, so surprised by what Steve had done,
He kept the contact for a moment before he broke away with a disgusted shake of his head and got to his feet. Tony righted the suit and stood beside him, and he put a hand to Steve's shoulder and gave it a squeeze as he said, "He'll find you. When he's ready, he'll come find you."
Steve set the tablet down on the bedside table and rubbed his hand against Tony's belly. "I had a feeling you would. Besides, I'm not… I'm not saying it
"Because. Weren't you listening? I saw Wilson, and—" he smacked his forehead lightly like a thought had just come into his mind, "—oh! Right! Need to speak to Barnes about something!"
"It means," Jim said, and Steve turned to him, "that they're fighting over your kid like a couple of toddlers fighting over...whatever the cool, new toy of the season is."
He pressed something, and after a few moments, the phone made a little noise. Tony glanced at it and rolled his eyes.
Steve groaned a little and scratched at his forehead with his index and middle fingers, his ring and pinky holding onto the melting candy bar. "I don't… Look, it's not—"
DUM-E cheeped and beeped and whirred like he'd just won the lottery (he wouldn't put it past that little bastard trying to play the lottery, to be honest), and he sped on over and stopped just beside Barnes, who looked up at the giant hunk of metal above him and made a face at it before he turned to Tony.
"Seems to be," Steve said with a nod then checked his watch. "Look, I know you slept in the car, but I'm about beat. Mind if we turn in for the night?"
But he was definitely digging out that hat to annoy the fuck out of Steve with sometime before the holiday arrived again.
"Nuts," Steve replied and snapped his fingers, a bit of a smirk on his face as the elevator doors opened for him. "Shoulda been unfrozen sooner."
Steve just folded his arms and leveled him with his patented Stare of Disapproval while Tony scooped up another helping of gelato.
"So, what does that mean?" she asked and arched an eyebrow at him. "Would you like to stay this way? I thought your kind mass produces artificial infant formulas for this sort of thing?"
"I didn't really look," he admitted and watched as Olivia drank down the last of the bottle. "I wasn't sure she was old enough yet."
limits the number of places I can go. Besides, I've been dry for, what, a year now? I don't really resent any of you. I'm just being ornery."
He hit the button to pop the trunk, and he heaved out a breath and got out of the car, slamming the door shut and wincing as he used his right hand to do so. He looked down at his wrist and saw the ugly red and purple bruises that had already formed, and he rubbed it a little and went over to the trunk to grab his bag. Fuck Steve's bag. The bastard could grab it himself if he ever decided to come back home.
" Wilson hollered out one more time, but her gaze didn't waver from where it had locked with Tony's, and Tony stared into her placid green eyes and realized he couldn't do it. He couldn't ask Steve to stay. Not when he didn't know how long it would take, and not when Steve could be of better use elsewhere.
She squealed with laughter and pushed against him some more. "No, 'm not!" she said through her laughs. "Pwease, Papa? I like it."
She eyed Tony as she set Steve's license down to the side of her then began to look over his cards and passport. Only the passport, the license, and the Avengers' card had photos on them, all three photos of a serious-looking Tony Stark that did not quite resemble the woman that was sitting in front of the clerk. She took all the IDs and began to inspect them, glancing between the photos and the Tony sitting in front of her as she did so.
"That's putting it mildly," he murmured and looked at himself as Steve had seen him in those early days of being a woman and being pregnant.
Steve did finally show up a few minutes later, and Tony yawned and went to complain that he couldn't get comfortable, but Steve had another pillow with him — one that he'd evidently packed away and brought from home — and he came up to Tony and nodded at him.
"OK, yeah, and in those lifetimes when we're a chick and a dude, he's always the dude and I'm always the chick that he knocks up, right?"
"Well, then," Natasha said and pushed onto the elevator. "Time's a-wastin', boys." She then smiled and cooed at Olivia and said, "I can't wait until you're old enough to help balance out this sausage fest."
Tony sighed out a breath and said, "No. It wasn't. It was just—" He shrugged. "I guess I kind of had a hard time taking some of it seriously. Because, like I said, they want me to envision my cervix
The oven timer went off, and Tony grumbled and pulled open the door and reached in to grab the sheet, smacking it on top of the stove before he closed the oven door.
Pepper frowned and sat up as well, like she'd just been put on alert. "Why? Are you OK? Are you sick? Do you need to leave?"
Tony just looked up and met Bruce's gaze. "You know what other idiot does that? Cap. Always looks up at the ceiling when he's talking to JARVIS like he can actually see him up there or something. And this is the man we're trusting our national defense to."
Steve scoffed and sat back in his chair. "Doesn't matter. It was just a joke, anyway. He didn't mean it. He probably wasn't even talking about me. He probably doesn't even remember me."
He raised his eyebrows and sipped the last of the champagne, and Tony stared at him and said, "I feel like you're trying to tell us something without actually telling us something."
But at least it would be out there, and it would be done and over with. There wouldn't be any of this trying to drum up interest — trying to get people talking, trying to make it so that when they finally did make their announcement, the world stopped to take notice.
"Yeah, but it's still my voice," he said around the food. He chewed a few times and added, "S'not like we can have an actual
"Sickeningly-happy couples are probably the most disgusting couples of all," Bucky said and Sam snorted a laugh in agreement.
OK, he was probably mostly talking about Barton with that, but still, it followed for the others, too. He liked having them there. He liked feeling like he actually had a family — like people he could count on through thick and thin. And he'd gotten used to them popping in and out of his place the past couple days to check on him and make sure he was all right and steal a chance to cuddle his newborn against their chests and coo at her and tell her how cute she was and how spoiled she was going to be. Which was really not a lie in any way, shape, or form. She was ridiculously cute, and yes, even Tony could admit she would be absolutely spoiled with love and affection. She would never be put into a position to doubt herself like he had. She would always know she was loved and supported and
He felt a tug on his hand, and he looked down to where Olivia stood staring up at him, eyes sad and bottom lip pushed out. "Pwease, Papa? I haven't eaten all day!"
"Good girl," Steve said, and Tony felt him leave for a moment before he was back again. "Hold your hands in front of you and put your wrists together."
"A second chance?" Tony asked but still wasn't looking at him. "Look, take it from someone they used to call 'The Merchant of Death.' If I can get a second chance to prove myself, I think you should be able to, too."
that there's anything wrong with, uh, men doing that or anything, it's just if I'm still going to have breasts filled with milk, I'd rather keep this form, you know? I don't know how to explain it, I just… I don't think I'm ready for the whole…whatever that would exactly be considered— I don't know what that would be considered. Do you? I mean, has that ever happened before? A man nursing an infant? I mean, I know there's a theory out there that we have the parts because we used to do it back in the early days or whatever, and there's supposed isolated cases of it happening in remote parts of the globe, but—"
Tony hummed again and made to go back to kissing Steve, but Steve pulled away and said, "He's right."
He let his gaze linger over the cake, watching each of the tiny flames flicker, small beads of wax dripping down them and onto the icing, and with his friends — his family — surrounding him and the world at large seemingly at peace for once, he took a breath and made exactly one wish—
"Given the fact that you know what you would name your daughter, I'm going to have to assume it was Miss Potts that doesn't want a family. Not you."
Everyone nodded their understanding and filed out of the room save for Tony, who sat stuffing the last of his bagel in his mouth, and Barnes, who sat looking a little nervous and unsure about what he was supposed to be doing. Steve just glanced over something on the tablet again, shook his head in disgust, and tossed it onto the table. He turned to Tony, and his features softened as he said, "I'm sorry—"
"You are both old souls that have been though many incarnations together," she cut in before he could muse any more about her being their galactic PA. "You both miss something terribly in those rare lifetimes that you spend apart."
times in the past, but he'd never felt like such a being of pure sexuality as he did at that moment.
"Steve's not here. Steve refuses to accept anything but victory, which is what scares me. If anything ever happened to you?" She smiled a little, but it was sharp and maybe a little disquieting. "I'm not sure the universe would survive it, never mind the world."
"I don't want her to go back," he murmured. Bruce clamped his mouth shut and looked at Tony like he'd expected as much to eventually come out of his mouth.
'know' it's a boy. You're assuming it's a boy because of a piece of paper on the fridge that wasn't necessarily about this."
"Oh, shit," he muttered to himself then called out, "Olivia! Olivia, don't be like that! Your Papa, he…"
Tony could do nothing except ladle another spoon of batter onto the waffle iron. "I suppose," he muttered.
"I don't know! I don't know why rich people do what they do! You saw that woman standing there with him."
Bucky and Sam exchanged somewhat perplexed and worrying looks, and Steve looked between them and said, "What?"
"Right," he said and grabbed what looked like a couple of unused sketchbooks and the pencil case. There was one sketchbook buried at the bottom of the pile that looked like it had been used since it was purchased, and Tony itched to pick it up and page through it, but he knew that would be the utmost invasion of privacy — even more than what he was currently doing — and he figured even the Cap deserved
They both turned to their slumbering daughter at that, and Steve clutched the fork so tightly in his hand that he snapped it in half, startling both himself and Tony, who just stared at the broken piece of flatware before he turned and pulled another one out of the drawer.
"It's as hardcore as we get nowadays. Alcohol doesn't do anything for you — not even Thor's special Asgardian mead — and I…sort of had a problem with it in my not-entirely-younger days."
Natasha just got up from the couch, dropping her tablet on her vacated seat, and she went around and stood behind him and began to rub his shoulders and back.
She shrugged but took his chin and turned his head from side-to-side, a look of intense scrutiny etched over her face. "I don't know if that means anything, really. You just…look like what you would look like if you'd been born this way."
"Fine," he said and went over to the stairs. He stopped at the bottom and yawned again then rubbed his abdomen and added, "I'm going to bed." He pointed at them. "No talking about me while I'm gone."
"Look," he said, "it's not the worst thing that's ever happened to me. Against my will? Yeah. But considering the other things that have been done to me over the years against my will,
"Helps to hear someone else say it every now and then," Tony said and kissed the top of his head again. He stood back then pointed at Steve's plate. "Eat. I know you're starving. I know you guys didn't eat much of anything except Bruce's homemade protein bars out there, and those things are definitely more 'healthy' than they are 'tasty.'"
He went back over to the iron to cook up another waffle, and as he was pouring another ladle of batter onto the cooking surface, Rhodey said, "No, man, it's fine. Not making fun of you. Hell, sounds like a pretty charmed life. You spend all day playing with your kids."
," he said, whining the name, "It's our wedding night. I am sitting next to you in lacy lingerie. Why do we have to talk about this? This is disturbingly unsexy."
interrupted," as he toyed with Steve's erect and very sensitive nipple — if the hiss of breath was anything to go by. "And I'm still a little hot and bothered from earlier."
"So…Steven Grant Rogers, born 1918 in Brooklyn, and Anthony Edward Stark, born 1970 in New York." He shot them both a look and shook his head a little before he scanned over the document. "Joseph and Sarah, Howard and Maria, neither one of you was married before, would like your legal name to be 'Stark-Rogers.'"
, he realized and let out a somewhat hysterical laugh. He'd had a baby. He'd fucking given birth to his own son. James.
Look, he had lucked out. Even he could admit he had fucking lucked out. This could have happened to anyone in the world, anyone that didn't have the barest of means to deal with it, but it had happened to him, and that was maybe one of the luckiest things ever to happen to anyone.
"Nothing ever happened. Honest. Bucky practically grilled Clint about it before he got up the nerve to ask Nat out. He didn't want there to be anything 'weird' between them, but Clint insisted he and Nat were just friends. Nothing beyond that."
"No," Steve said with a slight shake of the head, hand still splayed over Tony's abdomen. "Just… don't have anything to add to that."
He took a sip of water, pursing his lips in annoyance as some of his lipstick came off on the glass — so many stupid things to contend with — and pulled out his phone and began to swipe through the headlines. He was startled a couple times by the kitchen door slamming open and hitting against the chair across from him — the one Steve would be sitting in — and he looked around the restaurant for something else that was open that didn't have a little 'Reserved' card situated atop it. There was an absolutely lovely table over by the front window, and Tony was about to call out to a passing waiter to see if he could upgrade for a decent price, but he watched as the maître d' led another couple over and sat them down, one half of the pair with a miserable scowl on their face while the other had their nose pressed into their phone. Tony sat back in his chair and grumbled a bit. Good things always happened to bad or less-deserving people, it seemed, and he picked up his water glass again to take a sip, the silverware and china on the table rattling as the kitchen door swung open again and slammed against Steve's chair.
He blinked several times and swallowed, and Steve knew an attempt at suppressing tears when he saw one. He hadn't meant for their date to go this way. He was kind of hoping they could just pick up where they'd left off.
As Barnes choked back a laugh, a flush crept over Steve's cheeks and seemed to spread all the way to the tips of his ears. "
, she claims to have bonded this parasite's life with mine so that if I in any way try to get rid of it, I'll kill myself, too."
He cut off abruptly and looked away, but not before Tony had caught sight of the makings of tears in his eyes, and he sighed out a deep breath and said, "I want to protect her, too, Steve. But maybe — maybe — the best way to protect her is to keep her as close to us as we can. Look, babe," he said and got up to sit on the coffee table so that he was facing Steve. He moved the empty bottle aside and continued, "We
"Weak?" he asked, grimacing as he rubbed the spot on his neck that they'd stuck, his gauntlets having been removed at some point, though damned if he knew where they were. "Felt pretty strong to me."
Normally when he dreamt, he saw himself as he had been for the first forty-three years of his life. As a man. As a man with a flat abdomen and pectorals instead of breasts and nothing that would ever even begin to hint at the fact that he was gestating a child in a womb in his abdomen.
," he said, gritting out the words as he shoved against the guy again. He could feel the guy's growing interest pressing into his pelvis, and bile began to creep up into his throat at the thought of what that meant — or could mean for him if he wasn't careful.
"I do not understand," Thor said with a frown. "I have not heard of this famous Native of Midgard. Why might our brother Tony make him cry?"
But it was different being that it was he himself that was going through this. He'd been in denial about it for so long and had hoped and wished it away so much that he kind of forgot that there was an end point and there would come a time that this would come to its natural conclusion.
She turned as soon as he came into her line of sight, and she smiled and babbled at him, and though he smiled back at her, his nose twitched at the realization that, yep, she definitely needed a diaper change.
"Pepper and Maria said they'd handle it," Steve said and hit the button for the elevator then reached up and began to work Tony's shoulders.
"You damned well know what it's for," he said and pointed a little harder at the chair where his clothes were neatly folded and placed.
"So, you're saying it's my fault?" he asked, but while there may have been challenge in his voice, there was no malice — only humor and slight flirty coyness.
He motioned over Steve like that explained what he had left unexplained, and Steve raised an eyebrow at him.
"Tony, what are you talking...about...?" he asked, the last two words coming out slowly and with a hint of wonder as he stepped off onto what had once been his own private quarters and now looked like it had been turned into a studio.
The giggle in his mind worked its way into his throat, and Steve hummed and pulled back a little, lessening his hold on Tony but not completely breaking it as he said, maybe a little embarrassed, "I really wish you wouldn't do that when I'm trying to do this."
Once again, Bruce took it once the others had finished looking and inspected it, finding once again that, if it was a fake, it was indeed a well-done one.
"Convenient," Tony said and untucked the bottom of the box from the top. "Seriously, though," he said as he closed it up, "how in the hell did your family get their hands on these? Are they even real? Did I just spend twenty-five thousand dollars on a couple of fakes?"
"Nope," Tony said and peered at whatever he was reading on his tablet — a recipe, he supposed — one hand on a rolling pin and the other reaching into the pile of flour. "I told you — you feed that baby, you take care of whatever comes of it."
There was a sudden sound of glass shattering and a bright lavender and gold flash, and Tony shielded his eyes from the assault, trying to make himself smaller to avoid any projectiles that might be coming for him because he was pretty sure
"Mmm…little early for that, isn't it?" Tony asked with a yawn and settled into the couch, nestling his head on one of the pillows thrown there.
"Yeah," Tony said, holding metal fingers to the stinging prick in his neck. He tried to take aim with his other gauntlet, but he suddenly couldn't seem to focus the way he needed to. "Guess you guys really fucked that one up, didn't you?"
Tony nodded, and together, they maneuvered the gown to allow the baby to rest fully on Tony's skin. Sure he was exposing himself in the process, but right now, he just didn't care — even if Barnes was able to get a full view of the girls. After what Barnes had watched him do, getting a good look at his exposed breasts was a minor infraction.
Steve looked up from where he sat on the couch, tablet in hand, as Tony stepped off the elevator — shoes in hand because fuck heels — and into the living area later that night. He raised an eyebrow but didn't say anything, and Tony made a face and amended, "OK, it was more that she kissed me and I didn't really stop it because— My god, we really are pigs, aren't we? Men, I mean."
Not a minute later, Olivia came barreling into the workshop, face tearstained, and she ran over to him and latched on, and Tony, in a move that he would never fully understand how he even knew what to do, scooped her up into his arms and held her tight against his chest.
"Yes— No— Maybe— Look, it's just— It's fucking stupid, all right? I get that. I know that. I understand that. Technically, you're old enough to be my grandfather, but I'm the one that looks— And just the experiences that I— I mean, have you looked at yourself? The fucking peak of human perfection and you settle for a broken-down mechanic with a bad liver and a bad heart that somehow breaks everything that he touches?" He flexed his hands again and hardened his jaw. "You could have
Her little mouth dropped open in further insult, shattering the strange illusion that had come over her face, and she next went a little devious, smiling impishly as she looked at Tony and said, "'mna tell on you, Papa."
"Yeah?" Tony said as the elevator doors opened — and come to think of it, shouldn't the car have already been there? Unless JARVIS was doing it on purpose again. He shrugged off his concern and stepped onto the car, Natasha right behind him. "Well, clearly your eyesight is the only decent sense you possess. Your hearing sucks if that's what you heard."
"It is," Tony said then sighed. "Oh, I forgot. You don't know who— Look, I don't understand half this merchandise." He reached into the container and began to pull out other cookies. "They make Avenger-shaped cut outs. We got Thor and Scarlet Witch and Vision and Falcon and Hawkeye and me and—" he pulled one last one out, "—you. I know I'm missing a few, but those must have gotten eaten already. Anyway, the proceeds go to charity, so I guess it's worth it."
Steve snorted a laugh and said, "If that's what you want. I like to think I'd be a little…gentler about it."
Tony adjusted himself against Steve, snuggling closer to him. "Yeah, well, Howard and Aunt Peggy were against it from the beginning. They didn't want anything to do with it, which is why Aunt Peggy isn't in it and Howard was rewritten with a completely different name."
"Tony," he said, evenly as he opened his eyes, clearly having gotten to 'ten' without Hulking out, "I really don't have time for your neuroses. I need to examine you—"
"But this Esmeralda can," Steve supplied, and Tony only then realized Steve was holding his hand and squeezing it for dear life.
He made his way back to the security station, where Bucky and Sam were in the middle of a heated argument over the merits of turning video games into feature-films, with Sam extolling the virtues of modern computer graphics while Bucky was sneering and reminding him that
"Wait, what makes you think he's the father?" Tony asked, but Steve shot him a sour look then turned to the doctor.
Steve didn't know what a 'turn-on' was, but judging from the way Tony tightened his hold and nuzzled into Steve's neck, he took it as a good thing.
Steve walked over to him, and he took the collar from Tony's hands and turned it over in his own, inspecting it, weighing it, almost like he was buying himself time. When he finally spoke, his voice was so low and so full of want and possession that Tony almost sank to his knees.
"And after I just took a nice, clean shower, too," he mused and dipped a finger into the come on his chest. He swirled some on the tip, met Steve's eye, and then stuck his finger in his mouth, and Steve closed his eyes and said, "You're so goddamned lucky I'm done for a while."
Nat smirked and showed her cards. Clint began to protest right as Nat held up a hand and turned back to Tony. “So. Which Stark-Rogers is that face about?”
Sorry if this chapter is kinda short and kinda lame. The muse has been giving me trouble lately and I don't know why? Don't worry; the next one is an absolute disaster in the best kind of way. :)
“Kid.” Tony turned to his son, taking him in. Peter’s hair was still dripping down the sides of his face from his shower. Maybe it was just the refraction of the light in the lab, but Peter’s cheeks looked sharper. So did his jaw.
But he knew he couldn’t fix any of those things. His hair, his eyes, his face… those were unchangeable variables.
Steve never napped. He sometimes ‘rested’ (by reading a book or doing something else that only geriatrics did) but never napped. There was a signature Steve lecture in the archives all about napping and ‘how naps were only for people who couldn’t find the discipline to manage a healthy sleep schedule.’
Peter was reaching five miles on the treadmill, sweat speckling his forehead, and decided to call it, take a break. His heels were sore and he felt dizzy when his feet finally found solid ground. He should have drunk water before he started running.
“Peter. C’mon,” Tony began. “We have to- we have to talk about this. Right now. Whether you want to or not.”
Steve was standing in their kitchen, a mug gripped tight in one hand, the other palm balancing his weight against the counter. He looked like death warmed over.
Tony bit his lip, his foot starting to tap without his permission. “No, no. I’ll talk to him. I’m the teenage whisper here. Also, I’ll burn dinner if you leave me in the kitchen.”
“I ate breakfast with Pops,” Peter snapped. Tony almost stepped back at the shift. He would’ve flinched if he hadn’t been leaning on a worktable. “You saw us. Why are you asking me this?”
It wasn’t much, but it was there. The ripple of a rib when he turned a certain way in front of the mirror. A glimpse of muscle where muscle hadn’t been visible before.
He wrapped his arms around Steve’s waist, latching on like Pops would dissipate if he gave him the chance. Peter knew he was shaking- he always shook when he got nervous- but Steve’s arms came to rest on his shoulders and it helped.
Peter rolled his eyes and crossed his arms. He was being carried like a baby. He wasn’t going to be mature about it.
But Peter had clammed up again. Tony could see the ‘system shut down’ initiating behind Peter’s eyes. Tony wasn’t going to get any more details out of Peter tonight.
And we're back with another chapter! This one felt a bit like a filler chapter (sorry everybody!) but I promise, I'm setting things up for a big, big problem our boys will just have to figure out.
Thor walked over and picked up Peter bridal style before Peter could squawk in protest. “Don’t worry, Captain. I have the spider.”
“Jarvis,” Peter croaked before launching into a coughing fit. His lungs felt like they were stuffed with sandpaper. He needed water. “Tell them I’m fine. Don’t-”
Usually, this was the point when Jarvis would kick in, ask him if he wanted one of his fathers. But Dad and Pops weren’t here. They were jetting across the country, getting ready to or already fighting off bad guys in order to save the world.
It was five am at the tower and Tony and Steve couldn’t sleep. Steve didn’t sleep much anymore period, and Tony was a moonlighting insomniac, but tonight it was more than their owns demons that haunted them.
Before Steve could ask what he meant by that, Peter’s head snapped to the window. “Someone’s climbing the building.”
“Right now, Peter, your body is starving. Cells are dying and not getting replaced because you haven’t been giving your body the fuel it needs. If you keep going like this- eating so little and over exercising and not sleeping- your body is going to shut down. Do you understand that?”
“Peter!” Steve dropped down beside him and pressed his ear to Peter’s chest. His shoulders drooped. “Oh thank God. I thought he was-”
To save himself from saying anything stupid, Peter clamped both hands over his mouth and nodded. Then he realized Tony couldn’t see him nodding because there was
Slowly but steadily, Steve looped the web string around his palms and pulled Peter and Tony up. It was harder than he thought; the slower he pulled, the longer they were out there, but if he pulled too quick, Tony’s limp body might come free from the web strand.
Peter took the subway home despite Steve’s hatred of anyone in the family using the subway. Tony would have sent their driver, but Happy was busy prepping the quinjet.
The quicker Peter woke up, the sooner Tony would have to make him eat something. The scenes over the last few days ran through his mind. Peter bursting into tears over plates of food he would have devoured only a few weeks before.
What was he supposed to do? Steve and Tony would notice if he didn’t eat. They were observant. They were superheroes for God’s sake. Superheroes noticed that their kid wasn’t eating.
His spine was raw with rug burn from doing sit ups in his underwear but it was going to be worth it.
Steve’s nod of encouragement and ‘here, take more’ didn’t help. It was easier to eat with Steve watching his every move. Peter could tell himself it was to convince Pops nothing was going on, instead of the truth, which was he was trying to fill the gaping hole sitting below his ribs.
Tony kissed his hair and got to work. Turning on the faucet and filling the tub with steaming water. Pouring some sort of scented bath salt into the basin so the water was a light purple and nothing like the arctic blue of the ocean where Steve crashed the plane. Gathering the warmest clothes he could find for once Steve was done.
Peter was so busy talking, he hadn’t even touched his food. Both Tony’s and Ned’s plates were already empty.
Ned sat up, his blanket pooling in his lap. “Peter, your dads are Iron Man and Captain America. They’re practically indestructible.”
“Hey, monkey,” Tony said, “you and I need to have a discussion about your sleep schedule because I’m kind of done having you pass out randomly. It’s annoying and you’re heavy.”
“Come with me.” Tony beelined for the elevator. “Steve, I’m taking Bruce to the workshop real quick. I think I might have something for whatever this turns out to be. Get everyone to the lockdown floor.”
. “Try to watch him, alright? Make sure he’s eating something, even if it’s not much. We can handle it when I get back. Together. I don’t want you to have to deal with this alone.”
As soon as Peter cleared the jagged edge, he stuck himself to the floor to anchor his body and to free Steve’s hands to pull Tony the rest of the way up. Maybe the pain was numbing Peter’s brain, but it looked like Steve was fishing. Reeling in the web for what was stuck at the end.
Still, the paunchiness of his gut bugged him, so he leaned forward, letting the front of his shirt pillow open and hide the damage.
Tony texted Happy to come get them at the school with one of the least flashy cars. Maybe the Audi or the scratched Ferrari. While Tony’s fingers flew across the keys, Steve took off his jacket and put it over Peter.
But by the time Steve opened his eyes, Tony already had a fresh towel draped over one arm. “It’s time. Let’s go talk to Peter.”
But two hours of strategizing and bitching later, all four of them were in the woods outside of the base, ready to attack.
Everything was happening so fast he couldn’t process it. The mist of clay and glass made it hard to see but Peter would know the glint of red and gold anywhere.
Peter could tell he was on the verge of tears and the humiliation of crying over snack food made him want to cry even more. Ever since this diet started, he was always crying and panicking and having breakdowns over the tiniest things. He hated it. “Please don’t make me eat those, Dad. Please. I can’t! I can’t eat those. They- they’re bad for me.”
Tony carefully pulled Steve into his arms so his head rested on Tony’s shoulder. He was a heavy deadweight but Tony held him tight like he was weightless.
Nat rolled her eyes at them and went back upstairs to help the S.H.I.E.L.D. agents clear the upstairs.
If that was her… if that was the asshole who took Steve out back on the West Coast… What if she had done that to his son? Peter was special, like Steve, but he was just a teenager.
But Tony was wrong. If he hadn’t been so focused on Steve and Peter and the shitstorm brewing in the tower, he would have figured it out.
Steve had dropped his head onto one of his fists, stifling a yawn with his free hand. His eyes looked more sunken than usual. Less alert.
It was time for young people to have their own heroes. And Brandon and Liz were ready to be those heroes.
Peter was pretty sure resting your eyes was an old people's way of saying ‘yeah, I was totally sleeping’  without having to say the words. “I’ve got a bad feeling about this mission.”
Tony shook his head and Peter’s chest hollowed. He felt like his heart was going to stop any minute now.
Tony rolled his shoulders to loosen the tension. “I don’t know what they want. Fury and his team are trying to figure it out as we speak. All I know is that we need to be ready for when they show up.”
Steve might not be the parent Peter wanted right now, but he was the one Peter had and he was going to be there for his son.
So they waited it out, Tony’s knees achy from kneeling in front of Peter’s chair so he could hug his son tight and Steve sitting across the table, ready to leap across the divide at a moment’s notice.
“Need to what?” Steve snapped. “Please, tell me, Tony. Tell me how I need to sleep more and take my meds and do all the things you refuse to do for yourself. I can’t wait to hear how
Gently holding onto Peter’s bicep, Bruce steered them toward a spot hidden from view by a wall mounted with all sorts of knives and guns.
That was how long Tony laid on the glorified frat couch in his workspace while Steve cut off the circulation to half of his limbs.
And if anything, Steve was more toned then Peter remembered. Abs defined and swollen, back dimpled, nonexistent love handles. Peter fingered his own waist discreetly so Tony and Steve wouldn’t notice.
Peter took his other hand and shot it up, the web catching the protruding lip of the bunker floor’s ceiling.
But it felt harder when things like this happened. Things that confirmed what Steve had known the first time Peter showed promise at a science fair or watched a horror movie without flinching.
“I don’t need your help, Tony! I’m not a child. I can work through my own problems without you trying to micromanage or telling me what to do.”
Tony clicked his face plate back in place. “I’ve got the coordinates. See you soon.” He turned to Peter. “Behave yourself or I swear to God, Peter, you will forget the taste of freedom.”
“So, I’m saying this with kindness, as your husband, but Steve, I think it might be bath time for a certain stinky super soldier.”
“What can I do for you right now? I can draw a warm bath, get some blankets, a mug of tea…” Tony pushed Steve’s hair out of his eyes and tried to get Steve to look at him. The meager lighting wasn’t helping him establish eye contact. “We can sit right here, too. Whatever you need.”
Whatever happened with Steve, it was bad. Bad enough that Tony couldn’t drag himself away for thirty seconds to talk with Peter about it.
Tony wanted to climb in beside Steve, to pillow Steve’s head on his chest and talk in hushed tones until his voice lulled Steve to sleep. He wanted to be there for him. To throw a lifeline and drag Steve back from his mental timeline to the one they currently, physically lived in.
Someone currently fleeing the scene a few miles down on the beach, tract marks along one elbow, blond hair whipping behind her back.
Steve was back to his routine, morning runs and family time and all the other Captain America duties. Tony stumbled into bed right before the sun, murmuring equations until he fell asleep, mysterious mechanical grease always smudged somewhere on his person. Peter was still getting good grades and spent more time out with Ned than ever.
“Go call him, Tony,” Steve managed, about ten minutes after JARVIS tried to patch Peter in. “He’s probably worried.”
One of Steve’s hands came up to the side of Peter’s face as Steve kissed his son’s forehead. Peter would never let him do that if he was awake.
It took too long. The journey for his hand to lift from his lap to his lips. Like it was in slow motion.
“When you’re done stroking your ego, come on over here so we can discuss the case,” Fury continued, flipping through one of the folders. “Trust me, you’ll like what I have to share.”
Steve slowly let the mug clatter to the counter, the rattling of the ceramic on the granite subsiding once Steve released the handle.
Peter’s cheeks flushed as he set the bottle in the sink, arms crossing. “Dad- what are you, uh- what are you talking about? Exactly?”
Tony ran up to the cage, fingers tugging at the metal mesh. It was titanium. He couldn’t melt it. He’d either have to lift it up or-
No one was the wiser that Brandon had cracked the science behind Peter’s spider bite the night before, half a pizza roll dangling from his mouth. No knew that Liz had been writing her intro to sociology essay as Brandon hooked up her IV.
“Peter, you look like a chipmunk with a binge eating disorder,” Tony stated without looking up from his tablet. “Slow down on the brekkie.”
He didn’t process running or pushing the door open or falling to his knees by the crumpled form at the back of the room facing the wall.
Peter laughed and resisted the urge to grab another donut. His stomach was already painfully full. The last thing he needed was a fourth donut.
Watching the hurried streets of Manhattan below him was a much more interesting way to pass the time.
“Peter, you’re smarter than I am, so I’m not going to talk down to you. I’m not going to lie to you. You know that you’re human and not human at the same time. While Pops’ serum and the bite are different in many ways, they are also incredibly similar. One of those ways you and Pops are the same is your metabolism. You know this.”
films for half an hour before Peter let Tony explain some of the newer projects due to come out from Stark Industries. Peter than convinced Tony to let him down in the workshop so they could play around with some robotics.
Peter looped his arms across his abdomen and squeezed tight, like he was keeping his guts inside through sheer effort. “I- I don’t know what to say.”
Launching both of his metal fists off of his hands and at the goons, they were both taking a nice long nap courtesy of metal plated uppercuts within seconds. Tony scrambled to get his gloves back on and began to cut at the door again.
Tony’s eyes softened and he wanted to pull Peter onto his lap like he did back when Peter didn’t go past his hip. “It’s fine. No hard feelings. Just don’t do it again.”
“Why don’t you just let me check you out and you can talk to Tony about whatever you think it is he said to me once all of us are out of this situation?”
. All it would take is one bite and Peter would eat the whole plate. Two whole plates. Maybe even three.
Tony’s thumb began to trace the ridges of muscle on Steve’s lower abdomen and that was it. Steve gave up.
Tony showered in record time, barely rinsing all of the shampoo out of his hair. Usually, the jets of warm water between his shoulders were his favorite part of coming home from a mission. Cleaning the silt and soot from his body as the heat eased the tension in his shoulders.
For the umpteenth time that week, Peter wondered why he had to look the way he looked. He didn’t mind his face; nothing special but nothing horrifyingly repulsive either, but he had never loved his body. He was too small there, not big enough here, and just an awkward-looking doofus when next to his dads. Like the ugly duckling, but instead of a duckling next to two swans, he felt like a malformed baby dodo plopped between a hawk and a bald eagle. Well, Steve wasn’t really the bald eagle type, more an aggressive duck, but whatever. The point stood.
Footsteps came down the hall and toward him. Tony could’ve started crying when Nat’s familiar red hair came into view.
Tony pressed a button and his suit’s faceplate locked back into place. “Tell me something happy, Jarvis.”
He found them at the front of the ship, Nat finally done yelling at the S.H.I.E.L.D. agent and lounging like a cat while Clint toyed with a grenade arrowhead.
“We’re missing something here,” Clint said, scratching an arrow tip along the wall. “I don’t know what, but… something.”
Tony didn’t want to start crying. Really, it wasn’t helping him maintain his dignity. But his vision was blurring in seconds.
Tony squeezed the saline bag harder, figuring the faster Peter hydrated, the faster he would wake up.
He held his shield over his eyes until he could make sense of his surroundings. Outside the cage was a square room, no bigger than their living room at the tower. Which, to be fair, was pretty big. The walls were a dirty grey and the floor, like he thought, was fresh concrete.
“Gentlemen, I hate to interrupt whatever this is, but we need to strategize. We’re in Romanov’s apartment and we have no idea what we’re going to do to get out of it.” Fury knew he was walking into something important, but they didn’t have time for distractions. Especially distractions that left two of his best heroes looking frail.
“Dad. I’m fine. Please. I just-” Peter could feel his chest constricting. Slowly, but surely, like the grasp of a boa constrictor. “Space.” The last word was pushed between his teeth, almost hissed- “please.”
Peter nodded and finally sat in one of the chairs, pulling his feet up onto the seat so he could drop his chin onto his knees.
Using his hand to wipe the condensation off the mirror, Peter dared to look up and took his body in.
“Coming, Pops!” Peter replied and emerged from the bathroom. “Hey, can we watch a movie while we eat?”
Steve wasn’t worried about them finding Peter. Not at all. He was much more worried about what he and Tony would do, would say, when they did find him.
He swore and rapidly scanned the room for some clothes. He had done the sit ups in his underwear to keep his clothes from getting all sweaty.
Tony felt stupid. So, so, stupid. Because there was a perfectly simple and easy to access way to find out what exactly Peter had been up to. “Jarvis, what exactly did Peter eat yesterday?”
With all his worrying directed at Steve, Tony missed all the red flags. Peter’s shifty and bruised eyes, his twitching foot. All the signs something was… off.
Peter jumped up like he had been electrocuted and made it to the elevator before either one of them could stop him.
Tony pulled away and sat at the kitchen table, gesturing for Peter to take the seat across from him.
Tony bit his lip. If he could trust, or wanted to trust, any of the Avengers with what was going on with his son, it was Bruce. Bruce was a doctor, for starters, but he was also careful and sensitive. Maybe he would actually have a clue about what to do.
Peter shrugged and hit the sensor again, waiting until the suit was back to bracelet size. “I know, right? Makes me feel like my dads. Ready to order a pizza?”
Peter was lying on a bench, sticking and unsticking his foot from the wall. He looked exhausted and miserable and decidedly un-Peter-like.
Nat was standing a few feet away, chewing the agent out over the direction their mission took when Steve started to come to.
Now that Peter’s attention wasn’t freaking out over calories and complex carbs he realized how tired Steve looked. Like he hadn’t slept well in days.
Two stacks of pancakes. Three prepackaged donuts. Mounds of sausage. Not to mention puddles of sugary syrup and butter to wash all of it down.
His son had programmed a self-destruct code in Jarvis without his permission. Peter had gotten through Stark firewalls and successfully hacked into the Tower’s defense system.
“It didn’t seem like he was upset about the thing at the bookstore.” Steve had a foamy toothbrush in one hand while the other one ran over his hair. “Peter doesn’t get upset about that stuff. I mean, just the other day, he and Ned were actively seeking out those exact people at the comic store to torment.”
“No problem,” Tony saw rather than felt Bruce’s hand come down on his shoulder. “We love him, too, Tony. We’re here if you need us.”
Steve’s heart was racing but he took a deep breath. Tony, Clint, and Nat were here, too. They’d find him and they’d get him out.
“Oh, Pops, no! It’s not like that. I just didn’t want to talk about it because it gives me PTSD just thinking about it.”
“Isn’t that amazing?” the man said, slinging an arm around her shoulders. “Talented and philanthropic. Her sorority raises money for kids with cancer. Real keeper, this one.”
“A weapon,” the agent said. “That’s all we know. Some sort of weapon being produced in the same lab as the serum.”
Sorry for the missed Sunday (and the short update) but college is upon us and I got overwhelmed with moving in and trying to write. Hopefully, with everything settling down, I'll have a nice long chapter for next Sunday.
Tony climbed in beside his husband. Usually, the heat emanating from the other body across the bed was enough to lull Tony to sleep, just like a lullaby.
Tony didn’t fight when Thor gave him a bone crushing hug, just pat him on the back until Thor put him down.
“The team’s on their way.” Tony supplied. “All of ‘em. Fury sent up the giant ‘A’ for that duo that got you and Steve. We think they’re coming to the tower.”
But he had invited Ned over for a movie night and he would be a bad friend if he let Ned sit out there all by himself.
Tony scowled at Clint before he could stop himself and Clint’s hands flew up in surrender. Both Nat and Clint’s eyes changed from humored to apprehensive.
One of the people was a young guy in a UCLA sweatshirt and skinny jeans. He had shoulder-length brown hair, half of it pulled up in a topknot. Beside him was a blonde girl no older than twenty. She was wearing a hot pink, oversized t-shirt with Greek letters on the breast pocket and black leggings.
Steve tried to push the thoughts of what could be wrong with their son to the back of his mind and followed Tony back to bed.
He slipped into their bedroom again, this time leaving the door open so a sliver of light shone across the bed.
“So, what? We’re just sitting ducks until they get here?” Peter piped up. He was rubbing his scar, worry spread across his features even as he fought to stay stoic.
Peter was convinced Steve just hated the subway since it was underground, but Tony made him promise not to bring it up. They both know Steve has some PTSD from his time in the ice and he would be too proud to tell them if something triggered him.
Steve just sat there, eyes focused on a point none of them could see. Tony could tell he was listening so he took Steve’s hand in his own and squeezed.
Tony didn’t want to know what they wanted with the super serum, with Steve, but he couldn’t focus on it right now. Not with Steve cold and deathly pale beneath his hands. “Let’s get out of here. S.H.I.E.L.D. deal with the rest.”
Tony didn’t notice Peter had only eaten two bites of his breakfast when Peter volunteered to clear the table while Tony did the dishes. He also didn’t see Peter dump the rest of his eggs in the trash before joining him in the kitchen, either.
“Fine people don’t cry over Pop-Tarts, monkey,” Tony said, his voice barely carrying. He looked emotional himself. “But it’s okay not to be fine. I just want you to tell me what’s going on so we can find a way to get back to fine.”
Besides, now that his stomach was empty, he felt somewhat better. Maybe it had been the pizza after all.
“You.” Steve rolled his eyes again but Tony cut him off before he could speak. “You won’t take your insomnia meds for some reason and you haven’t slept for longer than a few hours in days. Steve, you can’t go on like this. You need to-”
“No, it’s- it’s fine. I’m fine. Just sore.” Peter’s eyes bugged out when he realized what he had said.
The last thing they had to get was one of Tony Stark’s suits. Then they could give the Avengers a run for their money.
Tony ripped the nutrition label off the bottle and stuck it into his back pocket. Another insight from Jarvis: nutrition labels were a no-go because calorie counts were a huge trigger.
After checking his phone for any important notifications, Peter made his way back to the residential level. Tony and Steve were both sitting at the table waiting for him.
He took another minute to gather his thoughts, and to recover from the head rush of lurching in and out of the mirror’s view, before making his way to the elevator. They always waited in the lobby for the rest of the Avengers.
Tony was tempted to make him sit down right now, grime and all. He knew Peter and his son’s eyes were dodgy, like a caged animal.
Tony waited. He wanted to cut Peter off- tell him he was wrong, he would understand- but Peter needed to get this off his chest.
Clint swiped a hand over his mouth. There was still one there, dangling from the corner of his mouth. “You’re deflecting.”
Tony picked up a clear saline bag, an IV needle and tubing, some cleaning wipes, and a smelling salt.
Peter disappeared into his room before the first tear trickled down Steve’s chin and he was none the wiser.
Eyes carefully positioned so he couldn’t see Nat and Steve beyond a colorful spot in his peripheral, Tony ran over to Clint.
“Give me a minute, okay?” Peter gently pried Steve’s hands from his shoulders and dropped his face between his knees. “I’ll be fine.”
so he left things vague. Peter was more likely to open up if he didn’t know how heavily the next weeks of his life rested on this story. “I don’t want to make any promises, kid, but we’ll try to keep this between us and a professional. No one else.”
Clint glared but did as instructed. “Do you need something or are you just here to boss me around, Stark?”
It was the ceiling over the bunker. It was fissuring. A slab of concrete, shifting as the weight of Peter and Tony gradually pulled at it.
Tony stood up and found one of Steve’s protein shakes in the fridge. It was an experimental formula that tasted like regular chocolate milk but packed almost eight hundred calories.
“Dad, Pops, I’m fine,” Peter managed. His throat was so scratchy he had to say it twice for them to understand him. “I just overdid it. I was trying to beat my personal-” But the coughing choked off his words and hands were pulling him up until he was sitting, his thighs and ass struggling to keep traction with the puddle of sweat underneath him.
Steve’s skin had been kind of sickly for a few days now, a combination of lack of sun and lack of sleep. Now, it looked ghostly. “They make me dream. Ever since that mission… It’s all I dream about and I can’t keep dreaming about it.” Steve’s eyes with flints of steel when he finally made eye contact with Tony. “Now, what’s your story? I’ve been watching you and you’re taking more than your prescription recommends when you think I’m not looking.”
Steve gently took Peter by the arm and pulled him to the other side of the floor, out of earshot and sight of the rest of the team.
Tony needed to get off the phone. He needed to hang up before he got even more unsettled. This wasn’t a good way to prepare for a raid on a techno-genius’s house. He needed to have a clear head. “Steve, they’re calling us in for a meeting. I promise, I’ll get back to you as soon as I can.”
Tony didn’t know what this meant. Didn’t know what she wanted, if she had figured out what made Steve super, or was super herself and looking for a way to mass-produce it. All Tony knew was
Fury sighed and rubbed his eyepatch. “The bad news is that Beckham’s girlfriend, Liz Wheaton, now has a mocktail Spider-Man cocktail in her bloodstream. We’re not entirely sure how they did it or how long it will last, but we’re sure she can do everything he can. We also have footage of her imitating Steve’s powers but that only lasted a few minutes. Whatever Beckham did the first time, didn’t work long term. We have no idea if this Spidey potion will last or not.”
Tonight, their minds were firmly locked on to a new topic of concern: their fifteen-year-old son, Peter.
Steve shrugged. “It could be. But he hasn’t had a panic attack in months. Once we put Osborn away, the attacks stopped cold turkey.” He pondered it a moment longer. “Besides, he doesn’t seem anxious. He seems tired.”
Tony cocked an eyebrow at Steve. The clock built into the microwave said it was almost noon. Peter didn’t get up before noon, and he certainly didn’t get up to exercise. “Jarvis, how long was Peter working out?”
The overly bright florescent lights of the gym weren’t helping him to focus in on his Pops’ face. Peter blinked until Steve’s worried eyes and locked jaw came into view. “What happened? Jarvis said you passed out on the treadmill and flew across the room.”
Tony slid up behind Steve, his hands slowly creeping up Steve’s chest before gravity attacked and they began sliding downward. “Better stamina. Hmm. Maybe we should test your stamina.”
“You’re right. I saw you this morning.” Tony’s tone was deceptively nonchalant. The tone he used when he had caught someone in a lie and both parties knew it. “But what about yesterday? Give me a summary.”
The sudden light from somewhere deeper in the basement was what triggered the guards to Tony’s presence.
“Don’t ask,” she said before any of four men could even formulate a question. Peter looked like he might stroke out.
“It’s fine. Birdy, Nat, Rapunzel, and I will go.” Clint looked like he was about to protest but Nat shut him down. “Fury, all three of us are human. If they defeat us, there’s no DNA to swipe. Nothing for them to steal. You’ve got babysitting duty, Saint Nick. Watch Cap, Bruce, and the kid.”
Everyone had a different theory on how to go about this. Clint voted they wait it out. Force Beckham and Wheaton to come out of hiding. Nat thought that was a terrible idea because it gave the couple too much time unsupervised in the tower. Plus, they might be able to outwait the Avengers since it wasn’t like Earth’s mightiest heroes could simply take a vacation break and camp out in Nat’s loft.
If they stuck to the plan, Steve was currently coming through the back while Nat and Clint took the second floor from the sides. Black Widow and Hawkeye would take out whoever was upstairs and flush everyone out while Steve and Tony waited on the main level.
Still trembling, Steve’s knees dug into his chest and his hands hadn’t moved from his hair. Tear tracks glistened along his jaw and down his neck. Tony couldn’t see Steve’s eyes from behind his palms and it was a small mercy.
“Just grabbing something different to wear,” Tony said, voice puffed up with enough false cheer to staff Macy’s on Christmas Eve. “I think you got some street grime and blood on him and you know how Steve is with stuff like that.”
Careful that Steve could hear him walk over, Tony sat down beside him, trailing a palm up and down his spine. “I’m right here. I’ve got some blankets and thick socks. We’ll have you sweating in no time.”
Peter was so consumed by anxiety over his escape from the tower and the constant pulse of his hunger that he hadn’t noticed the blonde woman lurking in the hallway when he came in.
The sun was peeking up between the skyscrapers when they made their way off the jet and onto the roof. A cold breeze tugged at the ends of Steve’s blanket and squeezed between the thick knit of his socks.
Tony and Steve had a rule that while they were out on a mission: Peter had to be in the tower. No Spidey stuff, no midnight snack runs. In the tower, the whole time.
“Because… because you’re Iron Man, okay?” Peter shook, trembled painfully, but his voice was forceful. “You can’t understand because you’re
They sat there, letting the silence wrap around their shoulders and calm the air. Tony stared down at his hands, Peter trembled against Steve’s side. It was an interlude to the second half of the confrontation. The half that Tony worried might kill him. Not that there was no choice. If Tony didn’t do it… it could kill his son.
painting itself on the inside of his eyelids as Peter realized the voice was Steve’s but the steps were
Peter always felt smaller when he was crying. Like back when he was a baby and would wake Steve and Tony in the early mornings, refusing to stop screaming and start sleeping unless someone held him.
The mechanics above and in front of Tony whirred and he turned to see Nat and Clint drag Steve out of the way.
“Woah, there,” Bruce reached out and steadied Peter. Sitting up was more difficult for Peter than it should have been. “Did you hit your head?”
Tony didn’t know what to say. Obviously, no one ever wanted to admit to abusing their meds. Ever. But the reasoning was even worse than the abuse itself. Because
“Do you guys mind if I go spend some time at Ned’s today?” Peter hadn’t even checked if Ned was home, but he figured Ned wouldn’t mind him showing up unannounced. “We’re going to watch a bunch of old syfy movies.”
“Finally,” Clint murmured and held up his bow, arrow taut against the string. Nat lowered into a fighting stance and Tony held up a palm, laser warm and aimed.
“Oh, he fell asleep,” Peter said, absently tracing the coffee maker’s rim with a finger. “We stayed up late watching all of the
Peter finally broke the cycle. With a noise like his windpipe snapping, Peter shuddered and finally pulled air into his lungs. His son’s chest expanded beneath Steve’s hand, the prominence of his knobbed spine and the curved wing tips of his shoulder blades sending bile up the back of Steve’s throat.
“It’s from the sit ups,” Tony murmured. “He’s been doing sit ups at night and according to Jarvis, he’s been doing a shit ton of them. If he’s doing it on the hardwood floors in his bedroom, that’s what they’re from.”
“Nah, I’m serious. Beckham and Wheaton are on their way over here right now and we know what they want.”
Tony was perfectly content watching Peter in the kitchen but Steve’s face said it was urgent. “Yeah. Peter, don’t go anywhere, okay? I’ll be right back.”
“Maybe that’s just because running with you is extremely distracting,” Tony quipped. His eyes had found their way from his tablet to Steve. “I mean, honestly. I’m considering reporting you to HR.”
“If it doesn’t send the kid into a fit, tell him hello from me, too,” Tony murmured as he walked toward the elevator.
Eventually, Steve had to reassume the role of team captain and pull himself off the floor. He squeezed Peter’s shoulder before joining the array of angry and exasperated Avengers in the center of the apartment.
Steve’s hands cupped the face plate and he dragged his thumbs all over, searching for a divot or a release switch. He needed to see Tony’s face, needed to see that he was alive and in one piece and…
Tony knew what he meant without him clarify. “Figure it out as we go. He’s our son. Maybe there’s some parental instincts that’ll kick in. And there’s always the internet and whatever resources money can buy, right?”
They looked like a couple you’d see wandering out of a campus Starbucks, not a tech millionaire and his suiter.
Fury shrugged. “The chances of anyone getting onto this floor are minimal. It’s a bunker. Plus, Stark’s tech is locked away and the quinjet isn’t here. Being sitting ducks is the best possible way to make sure they don’t get anything else from us.”
Everything was going the way Peter wanted it to. He was telling stories from school to keep Steve from noticing he hadn’t touched his food. And Steve was smiling and nodding, content to listen.
Peter’s moody façade broke and for a moment, he looked like the old Peter. The wannabe hero with too many thoughts and feelings to put into the world at once so his words always came out rushed and packed. “Why are they coming here? They already got Pops and I. No offense, Dad, but you don’t have any powers for them to replicate.”
Tony’s chest was getting tight. He wanted to comfort Steve, to offer meaningless platitudes and gentle affirmations. But he couldn’t find anything that sounded right. “I know. I’ll be back soon.”
Tony groaned and glanced down, just noticing his shirt looked he had been shot. “Oh, well, fuck. Steve, you got sauce all over my shirt, you perv-”
Steve frowned, crossing his arms over his fresh shirt. “That was definitely weird. Do you think he’s okay? Maybe I should go talk to him.”
Fair warning, lots of triggers in this chapter so read with caution. Poor Steve is going through the emotional ringer. Peter's not doing too hot, and oh, Tony, his time is coming soon too.
Realization dawned on everyones’ faces and all three of them beelined for the south side of the building.
“Uh, I don’t know. Dad, how am I supposed to remember what I ate yesterday? I don’t even remember what I ate for breakfast.” That was a lie. Peter could list off every single item with perfect accuracy if prompted. With the amount of mental energy he dedicated to food, he could probably tell Tony his entire dietary history for the last week.
Some of the milk sloshed onto his fingers as he began to lift the bottle. He watched the liquid hit the floor. Good. Calories lost.
If he was concussed, wasn’t there supposed to be something wrong with his pupils? But they looked fine. Processing and adjusting to the light.
Tony’s parenting sense, much like Peter’s spidey sense, was smelling a story but he couldn’t figure out what exactly the story was. So he let it go.
Tony cocked an eyebrow at Steve as his armor slowly rolled up his body. “Who said anything about you letting me?”
Steve’s eyebrows knitted together. “Peter that was over twelve hours ago. Why didn’t you say anything before now?”
Steve reached for the spare pillow and chucked it at Tony’s head. Tony dodged it at the last moment and guffawed. “Were you trying to decapitate me?”
A nice rooftop lounge. There were plenty of Queens rooftops empty this time of year. He could find one near his school and relax until he was ready to go back to the tower.
“Bleeding?” Peter grumbled. “Why is my- holy crap! Dad! There was this lady and she changed her voice so she sounded just like Pops and then she… oh my god!”
Tony wasn’t sure what it was supposed to do but he pulled his son’s eyelids open, looked into his irises. Brown with normal looking pupils.
He wasn’t dumb enough to do it, and even if he has done it a few times, his alibi was always rock solid. First step: have a reliable witness. “Yeah, Ned will be here in a few hours. We’ve got plans.”
The impact was instant, as if Peter’s words had been the cue. First, a shock wave that sent the room trembling. Then, the sound of concrete crumbling and hot metal ripping like paper as the missile tore apart the structure.
“Yeah, yeah. Says every teenager at the beginning of every horror movie ever.” Tony pressed a button on the suitcase and within seconds, red and gold metal unfurled and Tony was no longer his dad, but Iron Man. Peter could see his plastered smile in the reflective metal of Tony’s faceplate. “Since you chose to ignore this rule last time, I’m going to say it again until it gets through your thick, underdeveloped, teenage skull.”
Peter isn’t eating and now we get to go on a full team mission to stop the motherfuckers who stole his DNA, leaving him here alone to get into all kinds of trouble. Plus, we have no idea what weapons or superpowers these teenaged mutant ninja brats have or what their plan is.”
By the time Ned came out of the elevator, Peter was dressed and ready for their first event of the night.
“So, I brought the ancient radio you asked for,” Ned said, holding up a handheld radio from the late nineties. “I also brought Red Bull. What exactly are we doing with them again?”
Bruce’s eyes were shining with pity by the time he finished. “Tony, I don’t even know what to say. This is serious.”
“Peter, what is it? Is this because of what happened at the school?” Steve didn’t want to embarrass Peter by giving him a hug or touching his face. He knew teenage boys didn’t want their dads comforting them in public.
Peter’s eyes thinned to serpentine slits. There it was. The mean streak that cropped up only when Peter started all of this. Pre-ED Peter would never have made that face. He would have been incapable. “I’m not gonna die. You’re just trying to scare me so I…” But Peter didn’t finish the thought.
This was one of the parts Peter hated most about his diet. Not the sore stomach or permanent headache. The fogginess wasn’t great but he could handle that, too. Even the times where he was in the same room as food he really liked (food that
The bathroom was bathed in shadows, the only light leaking in off the street from the small window sitting above their shower.
It was such an easy way to spend the morning that Tony almost forgot everything that had happened the night before.
Peter nodded and smiled. The more convincingly innocent the smile, the sooner his dads would leave. “I’ll be fine, okay? Don’t worry about me.”
“Fine.” Steve kissed Tony quickly, chastely, before turning on his heel and walking towards the elevator. “I’ll be here.”
“Hmm. How about next time you leave the dregs in the bottle so I can work on the formula and make sure we don’t have any dregs next time?”
Steve shook the thought away and went to tidy up the kitchen. Anything to keep his mind from getting stuck in a rut that
Peter couldn’t see Tony’s face, but he could picture it perfectly- cocked eyebrow, slightly scrunched nose, general air of confusion. “Uh, yeah, bud. I’m good. Alright, when you’re done, dinner’s ready.”
“Uh, sorry, um, Mr. Stark-Rogers. The serum being produced is a bit more like Mr. Banner’s than yours.”
“I can get the cage up for ten seconds before it’ll drop again. Clint, help Nat drag Steve out on my count. One, two-”
Tony rolled his eyes and Steve laughed. Jarvis, despite being an extension of Tony’s imagination, was missing some programming when it came to understanding the mood of a room. “Yes, Jarvis?”
“I-I need to shower first.” Ned leapt out of the bed, finger combing his non-existent hair. He was fanboying. So. Hard. “I can’t see Iron Man like this!”
Pops thought that Peter wasn’t telling him about school because he thought Steve was too stupid to understand it.
“Peter, hey,” Tony pushed the Pop-Tarts to the side and reached for one of his son’s hands. Peter curled his fists against his chest, out of his dad’s reach. “You don’t have to eat them, okay? I don’t want to eat them either. But we need to talk about what you have been eating. Because I don’t think you’ve been eating, kid.”
Peter startled and his eyes went wide for a moment before he smiled goofily. “Oh, yeah, sorry. Sometimes I start talking-”
“And you’re oh so smelly.” Steve would’ve thrown something at Tony again but Tony caught Steve’s face between his palms and was kissing him before Steve could knot his fingers around the edge of another pillow. “Now, c’mon. The shower has room for two and we have at least two more hours before the wild monkey returns.”
Tony cocked an eyebrow. “You guys are going to read fictionalized comics about the Avengers? Knowing every single word is a lie?”
“America’s greatest!” Brandon exclaimed, arms out in welcome. “How kind of you to break into my house and-”
Peter shook his head furiously. “No, it’s not going to be fine! Last time you guys went up against these people- last time you-”
“Can you tell us what happened?” Steve asked, tone reassuring and calm in a way only Steve could be.
His mind was a constant cycle of cultish chanting about food. When he could eat, how much he could eat, what he needed to do before he could eat.
Peter may have slinked out of the room during that one. And aptly put a mild sedative in Steve’s next drink.
Peter wasn’t Peter today. He was scared, and on guard, and irrational. Tony had to put Jarvis under strict instructions not to let Peter leave the tower because he was worried Peter would climb out a window.
“Hey, hey,” Tony cut him off, pulling him in close. Steve was shivering even harder than earlier. Now Tony saw it for what it was: a looming panic attack. He needed to get Steve warm, and he needed to do it now. “Here.”
Liz stared down at her hand. Her fingers had stuck to his sleeve. She was finally starting to get the hang of this sticky skin thing. That, and her nails were perfect right now. “Sounds great, babe.”
Peter’s face went milky when he saw the change in Tony’s face from gentle admonishment to concern. “Yeah?”
If Peter acted normal, maybe Tony wouldn’t pick up where they left off before he boarded the quinjet.
Steve leaned in, kissing Tony softly, before wrapping his arms around his shoulders. “I’m glad you’re here.”
Peter had panic attacks. He had nightmares. He was generally anxious, and messy, and forgetful, and all of those double-sided words that Tony loved as much as he loathed.
, but there was no logical reason to keep Tony from touching Peter. Tony loved Peter just as much as Steve did. He wouldn’t hurt him.
He grit his teeth and screamed when the web connecting him to the building pulled taut. At least one of his shoulders came out of the socket. Maybe both. His dad and the building were using his body as a bungee cord.
What Peter needed was to get up, to do something. “I’ll try to find the spare coffee pot and make you some.”
With another deep breath, Peter followed her and they sprinted to the staircase leading to the street.
Steve looked pale, even compared to that morning when Tony had come in. “Peter is programming Jarvis now? How did he- when did he do that?”
left her lips in a pitch-perfect impersonation of Peter, he still had to fight the urge to look around for his son.
“Awesome planning there, Peter,” he mumbled to himself, shoulders braced against the breeze. “Really, awesome. The school it is.”
The adults started talking strategy and battle plans and yada yada. Peter clocked out. His job as Spider-Man did not include strategizing.
“What did Dad tell you?” Peter demanded as soon as they were out of view of the rest of the team. “What did he say?”
That was enough. ‘Space’ was something they all understood. Tony gently pulled Steve closer to him and further from their son.
“Alright, look out at the skyline with me. C’mon. Turn your back to them,” Steve instructed. “No one’s looking at us. It’s just you and me. Just you and me.”
Of course Peter wanted Tony. They were two peas in a pod. Science and math proteges. Geniuses. Quirky, funny. Wild on the surface, in different ways, but kind at their cores. Both open with their struggles with anxiety and able to be there for each other in easy ways Steve couldn’t replicate.
He wasn’t wearing shoes or a jacket. Just fleece Spider-Man PJ pants and an old MIT hoodie he stole from Tony’s closet.
“I don’t understand why we don’t go in, all of us at once, and overwhelm them,” Thor offered. “Wouldn’t that be much simpler than trying to decide who comes and who goes? We are earth’s mightiest heroes! We must stick together!”
That little cheeky asshole was just sitting on a futon in the basement waiting for them to show up. His feet up on the coffee table, TV remote in one hand, a Mai Tai in the other.
Peter’s blood slowed and cooled in his veins. “Uh, right now? Can’t you just check once we get to Nat’s apartment?”
Tony tightened his hold on Steve’s shoulders with one arm and ran his other thumb over Steve’s flushed cheekbone. “We could always start again. Why don’t we watch a movie tonight? You, me, and Peter. Some Chinese food.”
Tony held a hand up for Steve to wait. “Before we do this… Jarvis, give me everything you have on talking to someone with an eating disorder. I want things to say, things not to say, statistics, treatment plans, all of it. Give me as much as you can in two minutes. Go.”
Before heading back to their poker game, Tony shakily typed out a text to Steve and hit send. It might have been kind of alarmist but he wouldn’t be able to focus on the mission if he didn’t send it.
What Tony didn’t expect was for Peter to lie about drinking it and then dump it down the sink right in front of him.
Y'all, I have had the wildest last two weeks of my life. My best friend and her boyfriend caught COVID so I've been in quarantine since last weekend. I wish I had used all my time spent cooped up to write or read, but honestly, it was hard enough to find the energy to do homework and attend Zoom classes.
Fury nodded. “It is. And here’s the good news. You’ll like it, Stark, because you’re a narcissist and this is all about you.”
“The serum-” Steve’s voice cracked and Tony caught himself before he could say something placating. Steve hated that. “The serum makes me superhuman. Capable of more than the average person.” At this, Steve rolled over to face Tony fully. His hair was in complete disarray and there were pillow marks on his cheek. “Tony, I lost consciousness in under a minute. That’s less time than it would take for a trained, non-serum human being. This guy won because I had a panic attack and knocked myself out before you, Nat, and Clint could get to me. It was my fault.”
“I’ve got an even better idea. Back up all the computers on my server and wipe them. You can reinstate them after Tweedledee and Tweedledum are back on their way to algebra. Or prison. Whichever comes first.”
“You too, Spangles.” With that, the phone finally slipped from Tony’s trembling hand. Tony swore when he saw that a corner of the screen had shattered.
“Okay.” Tony’s hands went up and out in surrender. “Fine. You’re right. Nothing is going on and I’m overreacting. Prove me wrong.”
Thank you to all of the lovely folks who left kudos and comments these past few weeks! They were much appreciated. :)
His spine was mottled like a watercolor from doing sit ups in the dark until he hit the quadruple digits. His hips and lower back were bruised, too.
. “As we speak, he’s cleaning up whatever natural disaster of pizza boxes and Skittles he and Ned made last night.”
“Peter…” Bruce’s cold fingertips touched the soft spot between his shoulder blade and spine. “What happened to your back? It’s covered in bruises.”
The agent nodded, his forehead damp and eyes deer-wide. The kid was maybe twenty-five and probably new to the job. Steve was more inclined to show compassion because of that.
Peter shivered once. The last time JARVIS said one of his dads was upset, Tony was having a panic attack. What was wrong with Steve? “Can I talk to him? Or Dad?”
Peter shook his head and picked at the sticky paste left behind, letting the glue under his fingernails distract him.
He was well underground, alone, and completely unaware of his surroundings in the dark when a titanium cage the size of a double-wide fell from the ceiling and clattered into place. Around him.
“I-I’m-” Deep breaths were hard. Peter couldn’t get enough air to speak. So he settled for shaking his head. Jarvis had cameras, right? He didn’t need verbal commands.
Heads up; this is a heavy one for eating disorders, so read with caution. The next chapter will also be heavy with ED triggers so please practice self care and stay safe.
Tony was leaving his insomniac husband struggling with PTSD flashbacks with his son who stopped eating.
Steve dropped his jaw against his fist. “How much of your father’s fortune can I gamble on him not coming back for at least a few hours?”
Peter threw his arms up and bugged his eyes out in an ‘yeah, I know, tell me about it’ expression. “That’s what I want to know! But he’s a shampoo thief, I swear.”
Within half an hour, the pill had soothed his system, blurring the lines just enough that emotions felt smudged. Peter and Ned were laughing through some story about watching a movie together during a power outage and Tony only heard a little bit of it..
His dads would find him sooner rather than later if he camped out at the school, but it was better than nothing. He could hide somewhere clever and maybe then they would miss him anyway.
Liz set the car down and picked some lint off the collar of her shirt. “I’m hungry. Let’s go get some bagels.”
Weird. Peter was suddenly interested in physical fitness? Since when? What happened to the Spider-Man who only wanted junk food and classic science fiction films?
“Oh. Right.” Peter looked down at the grilled cheese and soup for a second. “Honestly, I feel kind of nauseous.”
Originally, he was going to wash his face and get back in bed like that. But after a glance at his sweaty torso and the small rivulet of sweat trickling from his navel down his inner thigh, Peter realized he needed a real shower.
Without a single question, all three of them scoured the ship. Clint found an oversized quilt Bruce ‘borrowed’ during a mission when he un-hulked in a Bed Bath & Beyond. Nat found a thermal blanket in the first aid kit. Tony found a pair of thick wooly socks from an Alaskan gift shop Thor has forgotten about.
Steve shook his head. “She hasn’t done anything that would prove whether she’s juiced on the serum or the spider bite. I would guess she took after Peter since they came back for a second biopsy and she doesn’t look like she grew or filled out like I did when I was-” he gestured vaguely- “but that’s just a guess.”
Nat rubbed her forehead. At some point between when she took the elevator and when she strode over to the table, she had changed into her usual suit. No one was brave enough to ask where the dress went.
“Alright, alright. You’re okay, buddy.” Tony carefully pulled Peter’s chair back from the table so he could pull Peter into his arms. Peter refused to move his hands from his face so Tony just wrapped his arms across Peter’s small shoulders.
Thankfully, S.H.I.E.L.D.’s blueprints did include the basement’s entrance at the center of the building. The team would rendezvous at the door and face whatever the hell waited for them together.
Tony popped another anxiety pill. It wasn’t a wise choice, overdoing it always made him sluggish and flat, but right now it was necessary. He could worry about himself once he wasn’t worrying about Steve or Peter. That was how this went.
At first, Peter thought it was because Tony was too stubborn to admit that Peter had better endurance thanks to the spider bite, but recently, there was evidence that it was because his dad was genuinely in better shape.
without the Avengers knowing first.” Before he could stop himself, Tony smacked his fist against the wall. “
Steve rubbed his shoulder encouragingly and Tony was chewing on his thumbnail. His dads were paying more attention to him drinking this stupid thing than they had when he debated at national tournaments or gave speeches at school fundraisers.
That perked Ned up. He sat straight up and blinked a few times, eyes trying to catch up with the rest of his body. “Wait, lunch with your dads?”
Tony smiled. “I’m pretty sure Ned would do anything I asked him to. MJ will sell Peter out because she thinks it’s funny.”
Steve shook his head. “Your dad didn’t take the sticker off to hurt you or force you into anything.”
“Stop!” Peter hissed, his legs pumping harder with the adrenaline rush. “Stop. I’m… fine. Tired. Fine.”
Because Steve was taking a nap, and while getting sleep was good, Mr. Righteous and Right sleeping during the day was a red alarm if Tony had ever seen one.
Peter didn’t look Tony’s way, just scratched unconsciously at his neck and began to pace the apartment. “They should have let us go. We could have helped. Your suit isn’t that broken.”
Lately, Tony couldn’t focus on anything between worrying about Peter’s worsening anxiety (or whatever the fuck was really going on with his teenage son) and Steve’s PTSD.
Peter facepalmed. “Just use one of the clean towels under the sink in my bathroom. Don’t waste all the shampoo. You’re bald, dude, and you always use all of my shampoo.”
It wasn’t surprising. Tony figured it would only be half the bottle or so before Peter refused to go on.
Steve came back into the room and glanced between Tony and Peter. He looked worried. “Tony, can I talk to you real quick? In private.”
The suit fit different. It wasn’t as tight in certain places but it was straining to contain him in others.
“Steve, you lost, okay? There was a fight, one we were underprepared for, and you were the loser this time. We’re not going to talk about whether you could have won if things were different. What-ifs are dangerous for people like us. Because every day, we gain another what-if and if we’re not careful, those what-ifs will bury us alive.”
Tony shamelessly shoved past an old man in the bus aisle, and the moment his toes hit the ground, began to run to the school.
“So, we have little to no idea what we’re looking for or what we’re dealing with?” Tony asked. “We’re infiltrating a base- one supported by military safety precautions and the deep pockets of a millionaire- and we don’t even know
Tony sat down in one of the recliners, letting Steve and Peter settle on the couch directly across from him. Selfishly, he wished Steve was sitting at his side. He would have loved to hold Steve’s hand during this.
“Fury, give us a minute,” Tony grunted, pulling himself up higher against the wall. “It’s about this nasty rash I’ve got growing right up in my-” Tony purposefully adjusted the seat of pants.
“Friends! I bring spoils from the greatest bakery on this planet!” Hawkeye thundered in a terrible Thor impression. “Man, that sounded much more god-like in my head, but hey. I tried. And I brought bagels.”
She sat down beside Peter, a tub of cream cheese and a plastic knife appearing out of nowhere. “Split it with me?”
Tony smiled until the elevator doors closed and then dropped his face into his palms massaging his temples.
Tony and Steve were sitting right by the plane’s exit door when Clint and Nat came by, each saying something low to Steve that Tony couldn’t hear. Nat touched Steve’s shoulder and Clint smiled before they disappeared down the ramp and into the Tower.
It felt weird and wrong to take a nap in the back of a classroom, but his legs wouldn’t make it all the way back to the tower. His eyes and head weren’t correct either. So he pillowed his head on his arm, curled up facing the wall, and closed his eyes.
Peter didn’t hear what Jarvis was going to suggest. Before he could finally reach up and hit the ‘STOP’ button on the machine, the black spots grew and took over his vision completely.
“Always.” Tony dropped a final kiss on Steve’s hair, covered him in two additional blankets, and let the door softly click shut behind him.
Peter had been in a complete panic when Jarvis was about to disclose his food intake for the previous day.
Instead, he slung an arm around his kid’s shoulders and they went into the workshop, no attention paid to the napkin Peter dropped in the trash on their way out the door.
Nat stepped forward. “I’ve got a spot but we’ll need to split up. It’s a few blocks from here. We don’t want to be followed.”
Especially when Tony’s fingers shifted as he sat back down and Peter realized Tony was holding not one packet of Pop-Tarts, but two.
But Peter was weird, so Tony shrugged it off, glad he wasn’t playing with C4 in the living room or something like that.  “No, it’s fine. Let him know I’m in the living room if he needs anything. Steve should still be sleeping in the lab so make sure Peter stays out of there.”
Steve clasped his hands and dropped his chin against them. “I don’t think so. He doesn’t seem depressed. But it isn’t his usual moodiness either. I can tell when he’s feeling weird because he didn’t sleep enough or because he’s fighting with his friends. This isn’t that.”
Peter took a moment to school his expression before smiling up at the man, middle-aged and in a suit, and giving him a weary thumbs up. “Yeah, sorry. Stood up too fast. I’ve got a migraine.”
Peter’s head was pillowed on Tony’s lap as Steve wrestled Peter’s feet into two pairs of oversized socks.
“Clint, you go with Cap and Tin Man,” Nat instructed. “Fury, take the doctor. I’ll try to sneak Peter and Thor in through an alternative entrance. I sent all of you the address. Cap, you guys go first. We’ll leave in waves.”
“C’mon,” Bruce said gently, his words low and soft so the rest of the team couldn’t hear them. “I’ll find us some privacy.” A little louder, Bruce announced, “The medical kit is this way.”
“Thor, we’ve talked about this!” Tony yelled, lowering his lasers before he accidentally singed a chunk of Thor’s face off. “You can’t barge in like that when we’re waiting for the bad guys. It’s bad for my heart.”
Fury walked over to the elevator just as Tony instructed JARVIS to take them up to the explosion. The metal doors clanged shut before Fury could reach them.
“Where did Ned go?” Tony finally dared to wonder aloud. He was currently burning bacon and eggs and needed to know if he was making slightly crispy food for two or three.
Peter’s stomach growled, the cramping becoming painful. Peter played it up, hoping to get Ned out of bed. “C’mon, Ned. Don’t you want lunch with Iron Man?”
“We saw her, too,” Steve chimed in. “She made her voice sound like yours during the mission we went on a week ago. The one your Dad was following up on yesterday.”
This whole thing was weird. First, Peter says he’s feeling fine and he looks physically fine. Good color, good mood, all the green light signs a parent learns to read. A bit pinched and panicky, but that’s Peter. But now, Peter says he’s nauseous.
Fortunately, they were dumbasses and announced their presence with a good ten feet between them and Tony.
“It’s fine,” Tony lied, typing out a reply before Steve tried to call. He didn’t want anyone overhearing what was going on at home. It was a family matter. “Just some drama with everyone’s favorite angsty teen.”
Tony hated that. “How about some time with me? If you have breakfast with me, I promise I’ll tell you some of Natasha’s dirty jokes.”
Peter would need to take a bus or the train over to Queens. Usually he would swing, but incognito Spider-Man meant no web shooters. Besides, he had left them at the tower anyway.
“I’ll talk to Peter in the morning,” Steve whispered. “See if I can find out what’s going on with him.”
It was before eight, too early considering Ned and Peter had passed out under three hours ago, but Peter sat up like he had been electrocuted, knuckles digging into his eye.
“We can what, Steve? We can help him? We can find him?” Tony dragged his hand under his nose before Steve could see that he was losing control of his emotions. “In case you missed it, we’re not doing very well on child raising. Our son is gone. He’s starving. He’s
People always said karma was a bitch but Tony saw karma as more of a conniving motherfucker with impeccably poor timing.
Tony’s suit with a chunk missing from the back. Wires and sparks and blood. For days, Tony couldn’t sit down all the way without ripping his stitches. Steve had to help him in and out of bed.
And the first chapter ends! See you next Sunday with some more Superfamily drama. Don't worry, things are about to get a LOT worse for the boys. :)
They sat like that for a minute, both lost in their own worlds before Peter shifted and dared to look his dad in the eyes. “Is Pops okay?”
Back at the tower, Peter was quick to tell everyone he needed to clean his ‘grimy, street child’ body before their chat. With a pointed look at Tony, he ran off to the bathroom.
He settled deeper into the couch, kneading his palms against his abdomen. Maybe he felt sick because he was worried about his dads. Maybe it was just because he ate two greasy pieces of pizza. Maybe… maybe… maybe?
“I know,” Tony whispered back, a cup of coffee clasped tight in his hands. Steve wanted to say something about drinking coffee this late, or early if you looked at it that way, but now wasn’t the time. Not with everything else on their plates.
“Your body is like that, too, Peter. Except you’re a teenager, which means you need even more. You need about six or seven times the amount of calories- energy- a teenage boy eats. That’s not because you’re gluttonous or unhealthy or anything. It’s because your body chemistry is more advanced and accelerated.
“It looks like your appetite came back,” Steve said, a grin cropping up. “That’s good. I thought you might be coming down with something.”
Steve stopped to help the older man off the bus before sprinting after his husband. “Sorry about that, sir. We’re in a rush.”
“Peter, there’s no choice here. You can’t go on like this. If you were human, this would be dangerous. But you’re superhuman. Like your Pops.” The taste of the words made Tony nauseous but he needed Peter to understand the gravity of this. “Peter, you can’t keep this up. You’re going to die if you try.”
After successfully throwing up everything in his stomach, Peter wanted to just go to bed and talk to Jarvis. Maybe even fall asleep with the help of one of Steve’s sleeping pills.
His time in the bathroom reminded him of two things: one, pizza wasn’t healthy, wasn’t good for him. Two, the new Peter Parker was going to be a superhero. Not just Spider-Man, saver of cats and dogs and half-blind old women crossing the street, but Spider-Man, newest Avenger.
“I don’t know what happened or what’s going on, but monkey, you’ve got to let Pops and I help you before… before it gets worse. Can you do that?”
Steve checked his current work. He had put two jackets, two pairs of socks, and a ski cap on Peter. And draped a blanket over all of it. “Is that enough, or should I-”
Tony’s knees felt shaky as he dropped to them at Steve’s side. He ran a gloved hand over Steve’s chest, felt the shallow rise and fall of his lungs.
“Hey, Spangles,” Tony mumbled, his voice barely carrying as he pulled the face plate up. One of his eyebrows was split open and bloody foam bubbled past his lips. “Miss me?”
Steve knew getting irritated wouldn’t do anything, just raise the already high tension to an astronomical level, but he himself was getting impatient. “What are we after? We can’t get it or destroy it if we have no idea what we’re looking for.”
Steve raised an eyebrow but waited until he had swallowed his food before speaking. “You just felt like it?”
But more importantly, Peter had revealed this information in order to hide what he’d been eating. Or, if Tony was on the right track, what he hadn’t been eating.
“I didn’t know we had a new team policy.” Clint yelled. He was covered in cuts from the shrapnel and smoky from the explosion. Someone, probably Thor, smelled distinctly of burnt hair. “Do I get a kiss from you too, Cap?”
They sat there for a minute, Steve’s thumb tracing the knob of Tony’s shaking knee as Tony tried to unwind himself. He was pretty sure his body was just reacting to the amount of caffeine in his bloodstream. People with anxiety shouldn’t drink coffee, he knows, but the ritual of drinking coffee itself calmed him down so there was no right answer.
Right after the words left his mouth, Tony closed his eyes and tried to think of a way to take it back.
“I would but last time I tried,” Peter said, “he threatened to take away my workshop privileges. He said not to mess with his system.”
Tony crossed his arms, his foot popping up and down like a jackhammer as he glared into Steve’s eyes. If he had lasers like that guy from X-Men, he would have burned two perfect holes in Steve’s blemish-free forehead.
Special thank you to everyone who's taken the time to leave kudos or comment these last few weeks. Isolation makes it difficult to find the mental energy to create and your encouragement has been appreciated more than you could possibly know. :)
Luckily, Peter was still coming off of whatever that woman gave him and didn’t seem to hear Tony anyway. Pulling his shaky elbows beneath him like a baby giraffe, Peter sat up and rubbed the side of his face. Tony caught his hand right before he could touch the open cut on his neck.
Peter took charge of lunch, grilled cheese and tomato soup, while Tony cleaned up. Somehow, Peter would come out of the workshop without a fleck of dust in his hair while Tony always came out looking like a coal miner.
“Peter, you’re covered in sweat,” Tony said like it was a question. “Since when is distance running your thing?”
Peter wanted to growl and be a generally moody teenager, but he never could get too mad when Steve was so genuine with him. And spoiler alert: Captain America was 99.9% genuine.
“What are we going to do if they get into the tower? Just let them run around until they get bored and leave?” Peter was scratching at the scar now, his fingernails audibly removing the top layers of skin. “I mean, what if they- I don’t know! Find something else? Corner us?”
Steve hated that an all-knowing AI was watching them, even helping them plan out their sex life. But it was also extremely convenient because Peter still hadn’t walked in on anything. Ever.
Steve gave Tony a pointed stare before Tony could cross over from snarky to snappy. Happy was trying to distract them.
Tony had refused to let the S.H.I.E.L.D. agent separate them, medical protocols be damned, and was sitting on a bench, Steve’s head on his lap.
Cogs spun and whirred behind Tony’s eyes as he tried to piece it together. Why would they break into this level if they weren’t-
Steve grimaced and Tony cringed. They knew exactly what he meant. Both of them knew what people wanted to do to people who were different. As superheroes, as men in a relationship.
“Get down!” Tony cried. He didn’t have time to fly out of the way, just dive sideways as another missile tore the rooftop to rubble and sent him plummeting toward the ground.
Steve smiled at Tony, trying to reassure him. “Sorry. It’s cold in here. I’m going to grab a sweater before Peter comes back.”
Nat pulled two daggers out of hidden sheaths and spun them along the tips of her fingers. Clint notched an arrow and Thor adjusted his grip on his hammer. Tony warmed the lasers at his palms.
She smiled but it wasn’t real. It was the smile adults gave kids when they didn’t want kids to worry along with them.
Peter was leaning over the kitchen sink with what looked like his whole fist down his throat. When he saw Tony and Steve, he immediately pulled his hand free and pretended to cough into his fist.
Ned shrugged, eyes glued to the slasher flick they were watching. Someone was stabbed on screen and the bright blood spray sent red flares dancing across Ned’s eyes. Ned himself didn’t react at all to the gore. “My soul is a void only filled by the talented cooking of Italian grandmothers.”
Peter shuddered before peeking through his fingers just long enough to take the bottle from Tony’s hands. He composed himself, taking deep, slow breaths before running his fingers over the smooth glass. His nails caught over the sticky residue left from the peeled label. “Where’s the-the sticker?”
But Fury and Steve had the same reason to vote none of them went back to the tower: Tony was wearing one of his suits and it was damaged. The suit Tony had on him was probably Beckham’s best shot at getting the tech. They would be walking into a perfectly laid trap and Tony would be the bait.
Most of the time, it was amazing having Iron Man and Captain America as fathers. Tony was one of the brightest minds on the planet. Steve was one of the bravest men alive. Together, they were terrific parents and Peter loved them wholeheartedly.
Steve shifted so his whole body was resting against Tony’s, head pillowed right above the arc reactor. The couch was much too small for two grown men, especially when one of them was the size of a small truck, but neither suggested moving in case it ruined the tentative serenity of the moment.
They sat there, in the dark, with the sounds of sirens and car horns and humming billboards sanding the edges of their emotions. The city had that effect. The noise. The constant buzz of lives being lived. The gentle shine of the moon through Nat’s two windows.
Steve was looking at the wall. If he looked at either Tony or Peter, he wouldn’t be able to stop whatever emotion he was stoppering up. Tony always made fun of his Boomer emotion coping mechanisms, but they were coming in clutch right now.
“Why does Fury need us on this?” Tony swatted Steve’s hand from picking at the healed scar where Brandon had gotten him a week before. “Can’t he just call in birdy and our favorite murderous redhead? What about Rapunzel and the not so jolly Green Giant?”
Same as before, the elevator doors whirred open to nothing. Just cold wind whistling between buildings as Tony searched for any sign, any evidence, that the Dumbass Duo had been up here.
Tony was falling too fast for Peter to reach him. Peter was more aerodynamic but Tony was heavier and had a head start.
Shattered glass and chunks of what had been the living room sprinkled the walls and the hardwood. Tendrils of smoke curled up from scorch marks the missile has left behind. Shrapnel coated the whole space.
“Take a breath.” Steve glanced over his shoulder. No one was looking their way. The team had respectfully turned their backs to them.
I have a SECOND update for this week. That's right; two days after the last one. What can I say? This chapter was both easy and terribly difficult to write.
"Hey Tony." Double f*¢*! Okay, calm down Tony, you can't let Steve see you like this. But I will totally punch the next person I see! Maybe I should try one of those punching bags Steve always uses. Plus, hot damn his ass is on point when he's punching. What, no shut up!!
We couldn't go on to the next street after that, Peter was probably going to get hypothermia if we did. So we headed back home. We got Peter changed while Bruce and Clint explained what happened to the rest of the team while Natasha said she was going to find Thor and disappeared to God knows where. We hadn't thought to bring spare clothes for Peter which seems really stupid in hindsight but he wasn't planning on going out anyway so. Me, Tony and Peter spent the rest of the night in the attic looking out of the window and watching the holiday go by. Until...
"Thanks J." Okay cool, so he's back and I just realised I'm hungry. You know what, I'm gonna try this cooking thing, it sounds interesting and Steve seems to like it a lot. Quick Pasta it is! Oh the elevators here.
"Great..... don't wait up although you probably will anyway and call me if there's an emergency, an actual emergency!" Then I pecked him on the cheek and left.
That's why Clint sent me here, this was his stupid experiment. Wait, if he is nervous, does that mean-? Does that mean he finds me attractive? Wait, that's not necessarily what's going on. I need to know or I'll explode. I guess it is true, curiosity actually killed the fucking cat. Wow. Anyway, down to business. I'm gonna call him out on it directly, no beating around the bush! But before I can start, he talks...
"Pete, your daddy fell of the bed in his sleep and I didn't want to disturb him. But are you okay? Why are you crying?"
"Dad! It's that mean kid and his mother!" I looked to where he was pointing and sure enough there he was, trick or treating. Me and Tony had moved on from the incident, but we didn't think Nat as so we ran down because if Peter could see them, you could be damn sure Natasha could too.
We just had lunch and Aunt Pepper dropped of toys so I played with my new friend. He didn't speak but was very nice and I really liked him. After a few minutes, Daddy(Tony) walked in. "
"Did you just say first-timer!?" Oh My God!! He's never eaten a doughnut! What is his life, he hasn't lived!! How did I not know this?! After, I if course threw another minor tantrum about how his life isn't complete. He had very good replies but still....it's doughnuts! Then, I get Peter a 'Custard Cream' and old Steve an 'Old Fashion' and we all sat down on the couch and ate.
I am soo sorry I haven't written like forever cause I am currently writing two books and one more on the way. My Avengers Highschool AU, my Wolfstar fanfic and one that I haven't yet started, a Malec fanfic because I just watched the series and want to start reading the books. Not sure which the fanfic will be based on cause I know they're quite different but I'll figure it out.
Again, he didn't say anything, but he got up, and walked toward me rather quickly and pulled me into a hug. I stood diagonally to accompany my face resting in the crook of his shoulder. His rubbed soothing circles on my back while held on to him for dear life. "I am so sorry." And for the first time after what felt like a long time, it felt like he truly meant his words.
This seemed kinda short but I'm not sure cause this is my first time and i was so excited to write it so if i do get even one reader tell me is made it too short or was it just right? Keep in touch.
"While that dies sound appealing.... I'm afraid I have a boyfriend I wouldn't dream of trading for a one-night stand." Did he just say that!? Oh my god! Wait what's up with the waitress, did she just- Oh My God!!
"Infant!?" Loki cut in. How nice, he's rude as well as commits first degree murder as a hobby. Must make a delightful brother. Oh wow, for the first time in my life, I feel pity for Thor. Its weird.
I walked back and Steve was already in bed by the time I walked in so I climbed in with him. We talked for a while but he said he wasn't in the mood for *clears throat* so I got closer and whispered seductively...
"Good." He knew this was a big deal for me so I knew he wouldn't say no, but he actually sounded genuine so yay. But I'm glad that was the first one he tried because I don't think he would've like one with too many toppings, even being a sweet tooth. We ate and ate and then soon Steve stopped but me and Peter kept eating.
I led the way to an open area but still visible from where Tony was sitting, it was really nice and the forest behind was so adding to its aesthetic. Also, it was packed with people, perfect. We go around talking to people, they were really polite but I think it was just because he was Captain America. We need more global recognition. Anyway, Tony was looking straight at him, yay!
My head hurts, like not even a normal hurts like a 'I just had a building crumble above my' hurts(Homecoming ref). What's the time? Where am I? Oh crap. Where are my clothes?!
"On the contrary, don't you think it's a little flashy?" He gave me one of his 'are you kidding me right now, you're literally the only one that thinks that and deep down you know I'm right' looks. Yeah, I didn't know a look could say so much either, but it can apparently.
I spent the next days doing everything with Peter. We played together, ate together, shared a crib together and I really liked him. He was always very nice to me.
"Yes sir, he was preparing to make goat cheese ravioli, but may I suggest leaving the cooking to him, it isn't exactly one of your many strongsuits." (who says robots can't make puns?)
"Of course not, dumbo." What the hell?! Oh thank god it's just Nat. Oh and she has a phone with a torch.
"Well, yeah. You know, you're Captain America but more than that, your Steve Rogers. You're sweet, loyal, polite and I'm Tony Stark, why would you possibly choose me!?" Wow, that may be the first time Tony truly came out to me, I didn't think he thought he didn't deserve me.
"How is it?" I swear I'd rather he lied than tell me he hated it because doughnut-loving is essential(doughnut loving is eating doughnuts, not whatever your dirty mind conceived).
Ahh! Drawing. It just makes me feel so at peace, not like I was frozen in the ice for over six decades. And it's a great way to pass time, and if I'm being honest, I don't think I'm that bad. Tony doesn't know because he'd probably wanna do something like buy an art gallery for me but I like how it is now, I have a few paintings here and there in cafes and whatnot. Right as I was saying, it really is a great way to pass time when Tony is tinkering away. An-
We reached Disneyland and checked in into a two bedroom suite. Then we decided to just get some dinner and start bright and early at Disneyland in the morning. I'm actually super excited, ever since I unfroze and Clint forced me to watch Disney movies, I have dying to go there. We had dinner at some super posh place who had extremely exuberant prices with so many zeroes after them... But Tony as usual spared no expense.
"So the baby is Steve?!!" Nat basically shouted at me in the living room while the kids(including Clint) were playing on the floor, and Mjolnir earned a prime spot in front of the coffee table. The entire team was sitting in front of me either gaping or with their jaws dropped.
I was waiting and waiting and waiting until the elevator beeped! Yessss. Oh nevermind, it's just Clint and Pietro. So, again I waited and waited and waited, and there they are! My doughnuts!!!! Oh and family but DOUGHNUTS!!!!! I run up to Step and grab the enormous bag and dig in for chocolate. Yes! He got some, okay.
"I still don't trust him!" I walked up to him and dragged him to our bedroom and just as the elevator was leaving, I heard Peter telling Loki something though it was only because of my super hearing.
"Yeah, just picking out a shirt!" He shouted out without even looking up, not noticing my presence in the room.
Suddenly everything went black and all I could see was the glimmering of light on the elder wand and the figure of Voldemort edging towards me. Then I saw a green flashing light, "Avada Kedavra!!" And I woke up in my racecar bed sweating through my PJs. At this point, anything would be scary to me, you could show me a pencil and I would imagine it killing someone
"I like it when you beg." He smirks. "But I have to say, i was kinda enjoying this hair and I was wondering if you wanna mess it up before you chop it off." Oh my God, Tony's kink is long hair?! But I had no time to react cause he pulled my shirt and dragged me to the bedroom.
"I guess we're gonna have to entertain ourselves some other way." He adds. And no he isn't talking about sex. I think. Is he? Knowing Tony, it might be.
"Are you that brave, child of Midgard? Or are you too stupid to feel fear?" Huh. Okay he's using big words like Daddy. Usually when that happens, Pops makes him stop and then Daddy says they go boop in the bedroom. That's what Dad always says.
"I see you're trying to avoid the topic, fine. Everyone else may be here about that, but you know damn well why we are. Because if I'm being honest, I could have lived with the Accords but what I can't live with is what you did, not only to me but to Peter.", I said with pure disappointment on my face. Okay, so maybe my calm strategy isn't working but let's not give up.
The rest of the Avengers poured out of the house at the noise but I was too busy running downstairs to see. I ran straight to the front door to see everyone surrounding Pops, you couldn't see his head, it was kinda creepy but also really funny. Dad was busy laughing and taking pictures. As soon as I was noticed, all eyes were on me, the presumed culprit as the laughter died down a notch.
"Tony, are you ready?" The post-Christmas Christmas party had just began downstairs. And since I preferred being early, I decided we should have left an ten minutes ago. Early is on time and on time is late; punctuality is a scam. Anyway, Tony just had a bit of last minute CEO business to deal with so being late on one day wouldn't be such a big deal. I walk towards his office sporting a reindeer jumper. He was
Of all days Thor could have brought his asshole of a brother, he chooses the week Peter doesn't have school. He could've brought him any other time when he wouldn't be here for half the day but noooo, it had to be now. Oh look, they're here and Thor again destroyed my lawn. I swear that guy had no regard for lawn maintenance.
"Are you insane!?" Step was mad, like really mad. He was hugging a crying Peter to his chest. When Steve got there, he was hiding under the sun bed scared to death.
"I was hungry." He shrugs it off. I knew it was one of the three and he hardly ever has an itch to burn the Tower down, so technically, I guessed it.
"It was a surprise to me too, why don't we go ask your boyfriend?" She smirked and we walked down to the lab. I don't know why I blush because we are dating but it happens anyway. At least she can't see that I am.
Before the fight, me and Tony started walking to each other. I am so conflicted, I mean I love Tony and I'm still trying to get over the fact that he cheated and here I was thinking he had dropped his 'playboy' act but I was dead wrong, CLEARLY! And to think it was with his ex, I mean worst case scenario when he gets drunk is a hangover. But you know what I'm going to keep calm.
"When he heard you leave." I said kinda impressed. Steve isn't really the 'detective type' and I didn't think he would be one to figure this out.
"I was talking to Peter about the store." I said it clear but his smile didn't decrease in any sense. "So, wanna come Pete?" I emphasized the last word.
"Haven't you got enough of those?" Honestly, he's the only reason I'm not the most sarcastic person on the team.
Peter ran down the stairs and hugged him with all his might. Steve chuckled but hugged back just as tight, both using their enhanced strength.
It's lunch. WHERE THE HELL IS STEVE!! I'm starving! Maybe he left food in the kitchen? No I already checked the kitchen. Wow, I'm talking to myself, this is spectacular. Anyway just out of optimism which I don't have but still, I'm going to check the kitchen again. Sarcasm yay. I walk up to the kitchen and wow, what a surprise it's empty! But this time there's raw food laid out. That means he came and prepped. Which means he should be somewhere around here.
"I love you." What?! Did he just say I love you? Do he mean it or was he trying to make me feel better. Oh crap oh crap oh crap oh crap.
So its an overall very quiet journey to the living room for some reason but we don't enter, we stop at the door. I look inside and see Steve painting. He has one of those humongous canvases on a stand. Suddenly, Clint grabs my shoulder and pushes me in. What the hell?! I don't stop to argue because Steve notices me and all of a sudden, his face goes vermillion(reference, comment if you know). I have no idea what's going on.
"Fine." Followed by a world-breaking sigh directed straight at Tony. "Well since its been an hour since Clint and Pietro left, I'll just go myself, wanna come?" Clint and Pietro was a bad idea, well, learn from your mistakes.
"Well, I'm gonna go back, Pietro is probably worried." I walk back. This is gonna be a looong night!
"What the f*¢*!?!!!" What the hell. Why is he shouting. What is wrong with him. He literally stumbled back at the sight of me. Wait! Is my haircut bad? Oh no, I knew I needed a mirror! Okay? Now he's laughing, maybe my haircut is funny? That's not a good think but its better than being bad so I'm cool.
perched behind his desk, glasses on and the blue screen light illuminating his facial features: he wasn't ready.
Summary:- There really is no summary to this one so let's get right down to business and all you need to know is Peter is around 6 and Tony is obviously filthy rich.
"Hey hon, where are you going?" As soon as I got there, he started undressing and- ooh, look at that ass. Oh My God, all he's wearing are boxers. Why am I freaking out, I've hit that so many times!  Hot damn though, look at that chest!
"So why don't you fly on back with your cute little hammer and bring him down so he can change Stevie back!"
"Sure." Great. We get to the nearest store and in case you're wondering, it was ten minutes away and this is without superspeed. So, we get there soon enough and walk straight to the pastry aisle. I'll be drop-dead honest with you,  I've never had a doughnut so I have no idea what to buy. It's just that back then, I didn't think doughnuts were much of a priority and then the Captain America and the War and just no time to buy anything and now, between Loki and Thanos, it's been pretty hectic. So yeah, I haven't tasted a doughnut but Pete has so maybe he'll help me.
"Hi, who is this?" He was talking to a young-ish guy and hot damn, was he ripped as shit. Like, he was down right shredded.
"Of course I do but-" I'm not saying he shouldn't be mad, no he has every right to but 'Love conquers all evils' right? I think.
Summary:- Halloween Special! And obviously it's a Superfamily and well trick or treating. But I'm not doing the thing where they go as themselves because that's a bit typical.
We reach home and see the rest of the team sitting on the couch, watching F.R.I.E.N.D.S, eating pizza and they barely take any notice as we walk in and say hi. So I go unpack but Steve takes all the toys he bought and shows them off to the team.
"No need, I got it." I get the ball and barely look at Tony which was noticable. During the game, I wanted to make Tony as jealous as possible. I told Pietro to aim for Steve's head and whenever he got hit, I used to go up to him and rub his back even though it was completely unnecessary. You know cause he's a super soldier. Soon, we got a bit bored so we decided to go check out the beach, not in the way Tony was doing.
Meanwhile with all the commotion, the entire gang ended up at the doorway and were simply watching and cheering but soon went back to what they were doing except Clint and Pietro who made their to the bedroom... (Bow Chicka Bow-Wow) Tony went back to business and Steve, well Steve was on the bed embracing Peter tightly and just happy that his son lived to see another day...
"Yep." That was his response? Yep? "Come here, I'll get it." Get what? What is he gonna get? I'm kinda scared. He comes over and reaches over to my hair and starts pressing on my head, almost looking for something. I crouch so that its easier for him. Wait, okay I think he found what he was looking for because I kinda heard a click. He hums in approval. Yep he definitely found something. There's another click, and another one and another one. Okay, let's just settle at there are a lot. After he was done, he pulled at something and all at once my head was like fifty times lighter.
"What." He replied with a 'what'? Oh hell no. Just because he's rich, doesn't mean he can do anything he wants.
"Did you happen to go the salon on 550 Central Park West by any chance?" How the hell did he know? This is creepy but I still want answers.
"We discussed this, you'll be able to bathe alone when you're seven and not before." Steve says this while putting Peter on his lap to wash his front. Peter simply grunts but doesn't give in and after trying and trying and trying, Steve is fed up with his son and lets him do what he wants. Of course being the overprotective father though, he decides to sit in the bathroom to keep an eye on him.
"What the F-word?!!!!!" There were Iron Man helmets everywhere each painted with a cartoon character. What is wrong with this guy.
"What? Ew no! I don't even check them they're only for emergencies! And yes Steve in the shower is an emergency and he must always be monitored" I cried out.
Its been a while before I've written. Right? I think. Anyway, hope you enjoy it! But no pressure, except on my friends, you guys better like it! I'm serious.
"Let's play a game!" I already knew what we were gonna end up doing and I also knew Tony wasn't gonna like it. Slyness coming through.
"Steeb Wogers!" He said happily before grabbing the lollipop from Daddy and tearing it open. Now I'm hungry.
Summary:- Steve needs a haircut. Badly. But he doesn't know a professional place so he just wings it.
"Yeah, I do, wanna know why? Cause we've been married for FOUR YEARS!!! And I thought I had taken out the 'playboy' side of you but I was CLEARLY MISTAKEN! And if that wasn't enough, you had to screw Strange, your ex. You know what, I'm just realizing that I actually trusted you? You know what this was all my fault."
Summary:- Peter wasn't adopted, he was a surrogate of the merged sperms of Tony and Steve. So naturally he inherits a lot from them including their nightmares.
"Sorry?" It was genuine, actually and I really hope he accepts it. Thankfully his anger died down but I could tell he wasn't done with me...and not in a good way. He doesn't even reply but the rest of the day goes great. Clint and Pietro came back soon enough with obviously leaves and twigs and all kind of natural crap in their hair. Of course it didn't last because as soon as Pete was in bed in New York is when my slow death began...
Daddy looked very confused until he walked up to us and sat on the floor. He smiled at me and kissed me on the forehead before picking the other child up and holding out a lollipop from his pocket. Awww, I want a lollipop too.
Summary:- Steve of course loved drawing, it's how he spends most of his time with Tony in the lab. But what happens when there's a power cut so big, even the great Tony Stark can't control it.
"Me too, I didn't mean to insult you." Okay. But back to topic, damn I really need a haircut, usually Tony would come cause he knows the best places but he's working on a kind of high tech, expensive.....something. He's working on something. So, I guess at this point I'll have to go myself, not that I'm mad but I have no idea where to go. You know what, I'm desperate and need this haircut. Plus, what could go wrong.
"I like 'em. Well, I've got to find a new CEO so I'll see you later." I don't want to leave!? I wanna stay here and lose myself in his eyes and then have him slam me against the count- wait what!? Uhhh, shut up mind! I'm straight and I love Steve as a friend....with benefits and someday have him fall in love with me and we get married under the suns- I need to desperately rethink my sexuality damn it. I've got to get out of here before I jump on him.
"NO!" That was- shit. You didn't need to know that. Anyway usually I'd be up for Steve in the shower, maybe even join him but my starvation is growing by the second. You know what?! F*¢* Steve! Figuratively and literally. I stomp to the kitchen with the utmost confidence which is when I realise I can't cook. Darn it.
Its Halloween! I know I shouldn't be this excited because I'm an adult but it's just that I haven't experienced Halloween in like a hundred years and well, I want to know what it's like but of course we couldn't go trick or treating from the tower so Tony
"Wanguage!!!" He screamed out, pointing the hammer towards me. A burst of lightning shot out and missed me by literally an inch. Steve was utterly confused and stared and the hammer with horror, confusion and amazement.
Yess. Finally, I can go out after like two weeks. Tony has been sick and I have been home taking care of him not that I'm complaining cause I love him, I might not have said it out loud yet but yeah, I do. So today, I'm going out with Bucky, Sam, Clint and Scott. I don't know what it is but something is going on between Sam and Bucky. You could cut the sexual tension between them with paper.
So anyway, this month, the rest of the team were all on a mission leaving only me and Tony in tower. This would be fun. It was about 5am. Shit, I rushed and ran out the door for my run. Usually I leave way earlier, I'll probably have to cut down my route, damn it! Thankfully, the morning was amazing so that made up for it.
"Stop acting like your 'sorry's matter. I don't need them, You don't have to say sorry to me, I just want, no need you to come up to bed and eat dinner with me and all the small things. Because believe it or not, I would love you more if I got to see you once in a while without having to bring you food and coffee to your lab. I miss the old Tony. The Tony that used to organise picnics in the park for dates which I cherished more than any expensive restaurant, the Tony that made me a hand-made photo album for Valentine's Day as opposed to a store bought card and a plastic rose. I don't need big grand gestures, I just want to know you've put thought into your present rather than just list it to the end of your priorities. What happened to him?" He said nothing, just looking at me straight in the eyes for the first time. I was on the verge of breaking down to be honest. My sobs started hitching in my throat, my eyes welled with unshed tears and my arms were used for the sole purpose of drying them.
"Let's just say their house looks like cotton candy on steroids right about now, and I'm not just talking about toilet paper, beleive me." For those who got the joke, which is everyone except Bucky, Thor and Pete who didn't know what steroids were, laughter erupted. And soon enough, it was time to go back to the Tower.
The air was chilled and crisp. It was amazing. I took my usual route through about ten parks, I usually do almost double but I have to get back to make breakfast. Tony gets really cranky if he doesn't get his breakfast. I get home at around 8am and go straight into the shower, no matter how much I run or how little I sweat, I always feel disgusting after running. Sometimes Tony joins me but I didn't see him today morning actually, he wasn't in bed so that meant he was...SHIT! I jump out of the shower and throw the first thing I find, which was underwear. Then I run, like bolt to the kitchen hoping what I already knew wasn't true. But of course, the universe is cruel and Tony was in the kitchen a pan on the stove and an egg in it. Just in case you're wondering, the fire wasn't on and the egg had it's shell on. Where did the term 'Genius' come from?
"J, get Steve down here. No hell get everyone down here ASAP and tell Nat to get a bottle of warm milk while she's at it" At least if everyone's there I make a big scene while firing Steve.
"Okay", Tony says paying for the toy and looking around for me. He sees nothing so he starts walking towards the snack stands with the guide and Peter.
"I am a Frost Giant! My kind have killed many and most children scream at the mere thought of one!" He actually seems really nice. Also, his face is turning blue and some black stuff is coming out of him. He looks really cool. I like blue.
"Well, I was just playing around. Why? Wanna test it?" What is he talking about. He must've read my expression cause he added, "Meet me here at five." Okay? Before I even replied, he turned towards Pietro talking about stuff I wish I could erase from my brain! Uhh.
"We're not mad, just make sure it won't happen again." He nodded in shame. That meant he felt bad which meant I was doing this right. Even though what h did was wrong, it would have been funny and well deserved, oh well.
I flipped through the album with Pops(Steve) and it was so cute. It was filled with baby pictures of me and all sorts of stuff. Pops was on the verge of crying, he didn't show it but I could tell. I knew he missed Dad but I'm honestly kinda scared he may never forgive him, not that think what Dad did was a good thing but they're meant to be together.
"What do you want Tony?!" He spat out and the whole time, I don't think he made eye contact with me.
Summary: It's never too late Christmas!! And also because I forgot to write this during actual Christmas. SOOOO....Christmas!! Yay. This is not Superfamily and since the Avengers were working Christmas cause Nick's a byotch, late party. But Steve and Tony get into a huge fight because Tony is overworked and Steve hasn't been getting enough me-time which he needs because he's just a big teddy bear. Also, post wedding. Also Also, I couldn't help with the pun, I apologise.
Everyone chuckled before going to the living room and watching all the footage of Steve and laughing away. The only down side was Peter no longer had a friend which Steve probably noticed so...
"He seemed OK, I'll be dropping you of to meet him at Stark Tower this Saturday at least until we get the custody part sorted out."
Damn it, what's taking them so long? Come back!!! Oh no, now Steve's talking to people, ooh, he's cute. Oh crap! He's cute, way cuter than me! This is bad, like really really bad. I need to go over there. Right now. No I shouldn't, I should trust Steve, right? Okay, to be honest I wouldn't trust myself with that hot piece of ass. But Steve isn't like me. Maybe that's why he's flirting, uhh. Frick it, I'm going over there.
I woke up the next morning but realise there's nobody next to me. Oh God, oh God, am i dreaming? Is there an invasion? Or worst? Nope who am I kidding and Steve probably just went for a run I thought, so I get up to wake Peter when I hear sobs. What's even weirder is that it was coming from the bed. My superhero reflexes kicking into action, I swiftly turn around and see a lump on my bed that kept rising and falling. I ease myself and walk towards it. God I need to stop overreacting.
"Hey honey!" Tony calls out but his back is still facing me. Opportunity. I run up and hug him from behind really tight.
The catch is I still haven't told Tony, it's not like I'm scared he won't let me go but it's the fact that he'll be super worried until I get back and the worst part is he'll be worried because he thinks I'll cheat on him. And it kinda upsets me that he doesn't trust me. But what can you do.
"Steve?" I heard Tony say but it was coming from ahead instead of from the person I was hugging, so I looked up to see Tony standing there with a confused expression. Then out of nowhere the person I'm hugging suddenly starts giggling. What is going on, is this the voodoo thing Tony warned me about?
"Don't take that tone with me, Tony! It won't land you in a good position, trust me!" I raised my voice a little and kept it uniform but he got the message.
Summary:- This is I think my first one where they aren't dating...yet. And the picture says that anyway but if I'm being honest, I just liked the picture and decided to write something so get ready to be surprised cause I am too. Also, since I'm evil, I'm writing this in one POV so you have no idea how the other person feels.
Yay! Another based on an image but again, don't read if you don't want to. But I think its good plus the title is like, at least in my opinion, amazing so yeah, that's that.
"How's dad?" Peter asked, his face dropping immediately. He was dreading asking the question but it was inevitable that the topic come up.
