a power-up you needed: telepathy. Why is it you always manage to come out smelling at least a little like roses no matter how much shit someone tries to drown you in?”
“Moron,” Clint says, snagging the charter from Rhodey and scrawling his signature without hesitation. “I have the attention span of a hyperactive gerbil, and you’ve somehow managed to keep me around for thirteen years, more or less constantly entertained. No discussion, no debate. I’m in. Give me the damn pen, Rhodes.”
next to the fact that she just took a cup of coffee out of his hand without waiting for it to be placed next to her.
, Bucky thinks, but without any real anger. What he’s hearing is really goddamn enlightening. In some ways, maybe Clint has a better claim to the title than he does.
He waits her out, because he’s been with her long enough to know when curiosity will eat her alive. Steve passes them on the back lap, pauses long enough for Bucky to see the faint frown of concern, but he doesn’t stop when Bucky minutely shakes his head. Steve just nods, still frowning, and keeps going.
He learns that Clint will sometimes look very far away and stop responding to questions, but that Toni and Natasha will talk to him as though he is still part of the conversation. He learns that it’s because Clint is an assassin, has a very bloody past, and is sometimes lost in bad memories of haunting jobs.
“Stop arguing with me,” she says, even though he hasn’t said a word, “and get your ass under the covers before I crawl back out there and make you.”
The mutants in the bunch have been giving Tony a wide berth since their arrival, but Erik Lehnsherr stands and moves out of the cluster of the in the opposite corner from the Guardians, stopping just shy of standing beside the chair in which Tony is slouched. “As much as you prefer to believe otherwise, Captain Danvers,” he says, folding his arms and choosing to split his glaring time between her and Tony, “you are just as susceptible to jumping to the wrong conclusions as anyone else. You’ve been wrong before. What assurances do any of us have that Stark is not another Dark Phoenix? Another Ulysses Cain?”
“You look stunning,” he says honestly, eyes the way the folds fall around her legs and bends to carefully outline them on his page. “I’m just a little distracted.”
“Oh, thank Christ and all the saints,” Rhodey says with real, palpable relief, sinking back against the couch and scrubbing his face with both hands. “I love you, Tones, I do, but the thought of being your soulmate scares the piss out of me.”
Toni’s mouth curves up on one side, because she can’t help it. “Plus, Clint and Tash keep you up to date on how I’m doing like the nosy little busybodies that they are.”
“Happy to kick you off Bird Squad as quickly as I signed you on,” Clint says cheerfully. “What are you planning on doing while we’re doing all the hard work?”
The next thing he knows, he’s standing outside Toni’s workshop, still holding the crushed remains of the broken phone. He’s half-expecting Clint to be inside, and his imagination helpfully provides all sorts of images drawn from the messages he read that make him want to scream and punch something soft and Clint-shaped until it isn’t Clint-shaped anymore.
“You think you’re the only one feeling this? You think you’re the only one who hates sitting on your ass while this shit is going on? You’re not! You’re just the only one who’s being fucking selfish enough to hide away and wallow alone, you
“Sorry,” he says sheepishly, and concentrates on making sure the aristocratic tilt of her head is at the right angle on paper.
“Don’t be a smartass, J. Nobody likes a smartass.” Toni knows JARVIS knows she’s lying. She wouldn’t have programmed him with sass and snark if she didn’t like it.
She’s tried to sleep, laid down on the couch, curled up with Bucky, curled up with Clint and Natasha, taken melatonin, warm milk, half a Valium, everything but booze. (She can function while drunk, but she needs better than functional. She needs to be at the top of her game, sharp and crisp and clear.) No matter what she tries, sleep evades her. Sleep attacks her. Sleep sends her screaming back to consciousness, gasping for air and looking for enemies to fight.
“Yeah,” she breathes. “Kay.” She licks her lips, and it feels like cotton over sandpaper. His hands feel good, remind her of all the times he's been there, remind her of sunlight and beaches and her mansion on the cliffs. She misses it, suddenly, knows it's probably just the drugs, but misses it desperately, because everything was simpler and brighter. She wonders if he misses it too. “Hey… ever wanna go back?”
Toni frowns and opens the throttle, diving to skim along the rippling surface of the ocean. “Okay. Is there something wrong?”
He breezes past her, pushing the rabbit into her arms and heading for the living room where, if he remembers correctly, there are floor to ceiling windows. He wants open air to be a pane of glass away if Carol decides she's still angry.
One of the nice things about Stark Tower, a feature that the mansion in Malibu and the Manor don’t have, is that all the training rooms, ranges, med labs and science workshops have observation lounges built above them. Natasha is positive that Toni is not the one who designed them like that; she thinks Pepper might have had some say, a last-ditch effort to keep some semblance of an eye on Toni’s workshop binges, though Toni’s workshop never did have its observation lounge constructed.
He learns to get used to a disembodied voice talking to him at odd moments. Learns that JARVIS is his own person. Learns that there’s nothing JARVIS wouldn’t do to protect Toni, who created him. Learns that he wholeheartedly approves of this purpose.
And Toni’s smiling too. Because she can smell the baby genius on them from here. Knows without having to ask that they’ve both acquired at least one PhD before eighteen. Knows they’re overachievers, driven to create and design, innovate and invent. It’s a siren song, rare and beautiful. She knows her own when she sees them.
His disquiet only grows as he walks through a silent and still series of corridors. Even without all the mission-critical repairwork that needs to be done, these sections should be bustling with agents and crew, moving to and from hangar decks, laboratories, medical facilities, communications stations. But it’s just him and his shadow and the prickling sensation of being watched that lifts all the hair off the back of his neck.
The woman opens her mouth, but Rhodey’s suddenly there, clearing his throat nervously, wrapping his protective one-armed hug around the woman’s shoulders. “Toni, this is Carol. She’s my soulmate.”
She swallows hard against the dryness of her mouth, has to force it down past the heart that insists on hammering in her throat. “No,” she says. “You’re not misreading anything.”
“Good thing my ego doesn’t ride on making sure I have your undivided focus, Rogers,” she says primly, and he can
“Yeah, just like we were discussing. Okay, that’s enough business for now. I’m going to go play with my toys”
Fortunately, with his enhanced vision, Steve could make out the outline of the window from the little moonlight that was escaping between the storm clouds. It shone to him like the lights on a buoy and hope surged through him as he drug Tony's wounded body closer to him.
He could hear Steve fighting against his bonds, begging Tony to stop. Begging Tony not to do it. His mouth was stilled gagged, but Tony knew what the super soldier was trying to get across. His lover was being forced to watch what was happening and what was going to happen in approximately five minutes when Justin got back.
to crack into? What the hell is this cruise ship-“ he looked back at Steve momentarily, “- Is this a cruise ship for the fucking CIA… no, not even the CIA. You could break into their system within minutes buddy.” Tony scratched his head, seemingly concerned by the amount of effort that went into protecting the residents aboard the ship.
?” Tony sputtered as Hammer jerked him up by his dark, sweaty hair. Hammer yanked Tony’s head back, exposing his neck as Hammer bit into it roughly, circling Tony’s adam's apple with his tongue. He left moist streaks of spit grossly along the skin surfacing his carotid and Tony, surprised and appalled, groaned.
The bookshelf began to slide to the side, apparently on some sort of mechanical track. What Steve saw made his jaw drop open. He began yelling for Tony.
Tony moved his head to the side in disgust and rolled his eyes. Justin leaned towards his ear, lips grazing his sensitive lobe as the villain spoke, “You are going to love what I have in store for you buddy…” he took a nip at Tony’s auricle, catching the genius off guard.
Chest-to-chest, both men stared into each other’s eyes. Steve’s lungs burned when the breath was knocked out of him and Tony’s arm lay awkwardly above his head, throbbing in pain. But if they were honest, neither were paying attention to their injuries.
Steve shook his head, realizing his focus had shifted from the battle in front of him towards the emotional battle that raged in his mind and chest. He thrusted his shield into an opposing agent with a little more than typical aggression.
Steve slowed down, let go of the tie, and rubbed circles along Tony’s back. His breathing slowed. Everything slowed. Tony’s body was blown from three full orgasms and he found himself stumbling forward toward his knees. Steve caught him around the waist, pulling his dick from Tony’s ass with a suctioning sound that was appeasing to both of the spent men. The weight of Steve’s arm around his abs, forced Steve’s semen, once loaded into his ass, to spill out, down his perineum and sheath and drip-dropping to the ground in a puddle.
“JARVIS can handle it, Tony. We will go get some food and run some surveillance while he figures this all out.” At his counterpart’s sour expression, Steve placed a hand on the shorter man’s shoulder and patted it. “It will be alright.”
Tony looked up at Steve, worry present in his eyes. “JARVIS has been hacked and shut down. We just lost our fastest method of finding these bastards… and our biggest communication tool with S.H.E.I.L.D.”
“I want only to please my boss, you ignorant American. That is all we want. That is all we henchmen ever want.” He hissed, raising Tony up and dropping him, but again caught his pants leg with what Steve now noticed were metal, cybertronic fingers.
The chemistry between the two men was just odd. Steve could feel an attraction, this desire to be more to Tony than just a super soldier that helped him fight battles against the world’s baddies. At the same time, Steve often found himself irritated and loathing the man; his attitude, his outer show of arrogance- all drove Steve nuts. His thoughts dimmed the laughter from Steve’s face and he coughed before drinking some ice water from the etched, crystal glass beside him.
“Come on Seth… let’s get on board before they leave us behind and you only get to admire the ship’s ass as it sails away from you.” Tony slid his arm into the crook of Steve’s and started pulling him up the ramp.
There was silence between them for a moment before Tony opened his mouth to speak again, “Those bodies are going to start smelling and attracting disease...”
Steve wrapped his arms around Tony, lifted, and, despite Tony’s raspy protests, drug him back to his station by the gauntlet.
Steve smiled and shook his head. “Tony, it’s going to be okay. What would help? Do you want me to call a priest tomorrow?”
, but no shame if I was you know. No need to make a big scene.” It was all overly defensive and Tony settled back into his chair with a satisfied smirk on his face. He shifted slightly since there was a bit of excitement stirring in his swim trunks; both at the beauty of Alphonse and Steve’s obvious jealousy.
Steve could see that the pain was too much for the genius as his eyes rolled into the backs of their sockets and Tony’s body fell completely slack. Steve lowered him gently to the floor and rested on his knees by Tony’s side. He blinked, quick thinking momentarily gone as he tried to conjure up a plan to get an unconscious man and himself, hungry and bruised, out of their current situation.
Steve cursed inwardly before using the only defense he had accessible to him; he started blowing air at it, spittle flying from his mouth. The bird looked at him as if he had lost his mind, before settling on a nearby branch, seemingly taking pity on the large man.
that Tony had gone through Hammer beating him like a Whack-A-Mole. He had lost the ability to hold his head parallel to his spine, so it sagged back, pulling at his sore chest muscles. He kind of wished his neck would just break at this point. He could feel bruises forming all over his body. He was naked, hurting, and humiliated. Humiliated in front of the man he admired most.
“TONY!” Steve’s cry repeated itself multiple times before Tony’s muscles got the message to move and move fast. Tony bounded from his current spot by the door and quickly did a mental calculation to determine where the stairs were since they were slightly hidden beside the mini-bar. Tony took the steps two at a time. He slid to a stop at the top of the stairs, glanced at Steve sitting on the bed, and then shifted his eyes towards where Steve was looking.
Tony stood on his own and seemed to have been drawn out of his panic attack by the pain of Steve yanking his arm.
Tony chuckled again at his inner monologue. His chuckles soon died down as a sour expression took over his face.
Steve acted as if one of his lungs rose in his throat and he was suffering to get it back down. “He’s a
Punches flew between the two men, fists slamming into each other’s bodies. Steve was bleeding out of the corners of his mouth and from his nostrils but refused to give up beating on the man who had killed Tony. His friend. His… Tony.
“I would appreciate your sobriety… we can actually continue talking in coherent words and not whatever language you speak when you drink….”
integrated JARVIS with the ship’s controls.” He sounded more proud of the first accomplishment rather than the latter.
.” He stalked after Steve when the larger man began walking up the ramp, stifling a giggle at Tony’s indignation.
Hammer was touching him lightly again, hands running along his body, until they settled on his butt cheeks again, pulling them apart in a sadistic, yet tender fashion. Hammer let go of one and pulled a tube from his pants pocket, popping open the lid and turning it so it saturated his fingers with a clear liquid.
Tony was cursing inwardly, brain barely functioning as he tried to pull against his chains when he saw the henchmen run in with the pressure washer. Tears were pooling in the divot of his clavicle.
“Oh, bah.” Steve stood up and walked a short distance to the window. “Do you have an electrical breaker or some complicated piece of tech that no one can figure out but you?” Steve huffed in a light laugh, face falling very slowly as he realized Tony was unresponsive.
They had rushed to the dock after running Steve through a shop for some “cruise clothes”- as Tony had put it- complete with a straw fedora and matching sunglasses. Steve felt like what kids nowadays would call a “tool”, but the shop attendant had swooned. Even Tony’s eyes had glazed over slightly when Steve had come out of the dressing room in his selected outfit for the day: white linen pants, leather flip-flops, a gray, form fitting shirt, and a light-weight white sports coat to complete the look.
“You look good.” Steve looked at Tony, eyes shining in the dim lighting that softly lit their suite. Tony wore his typical dark suit, but there was this glow about him that Steve couldn’t help but notice.
The guards barely hoisted the form up and rushed it against the wall, the bag slamming with a thud and a pained hiss against the hard, concrete wall. The bag was then slid over and nestled into a waist restraint hooked into the wall. The men clicked the metal ends together, locking it with an oddly shaped key that they then tucked into their front breast pocket. Another restraint, further up on the wall, was then bound against the top portion of the body bag and yet another towards the bottom.
“You can stay, y’know… it’s a king bed. There is room enough for both of us… no need for the couch. It can be our little secret.” Tony put a finger up to his lips and winked.
The hand went down further, grabbing blindly at Tony’s shaft and beginning to stroke his flaccid cock up and down as if attempting to wake a dead man. Tony shivered at the light touches and hissed when the lips and teeth traveled a spot that was bruised.
After a few minutes of collecting himself, henchmen brought hammer a dampened rag and the man wiped himself clean, stuffed his cock inside his boxers, and zipped his pants, satisfied for the day.
They positioned Steve so that he was bent over, arms wrapped up behind his back and feet bolted into the ground so that his backside was exposed to everyone present. Steve’s head hung low.
Steve could hear light murmurs, and, after a few minutes, Tony’s breathing slowed, shoulders hunching forward in exhausted defeat.
and poured himself a quarter tumbler before sipping it gingerly. He puckered his mouth and shook his head at the strength of the first swallow. He then brought out his phone and walked over to the digital panel for music control.
“Seriously.” Tony blinked. “Seth. You will have plenty of opportunities to go in the future. I will take you myself, but right now we need to figure this out.” He snapped his fingers in front of Steve’s face, with the soldier turning his attention to Tony promptly.
Tony fell to his side again, this time settling on his good arm and curling into a fetal position, bringing the kitten close to his chest for warm. He willed tears to seep from the corners of his eyes, but his body was to devoid of water to do so, so he went into a feverish sleep instead.
As Tony calmed from his orgasm, he sleepily and repeatedly told Steve what an asshole he was. Each time, Steve would simply respond with an ‘okay’ and a small smile. The super soldier had slipped his arms under Tony’s knees and shoulders, much as he did after Tony’s bath, and picked him up, placing him out of the hole before crawling out himself.
There was silence between them for a few minutes as the two men digested their current circumstances. Tony tried to kneel back down but the pull on his shoulders and his bad wrist proved too much to bear, so he remained standing.
One of the girl’s arms was outstretched into the dark and Steve trailed the flashlight along the pale stick-like apparatus until he saw, one by one, eight bony fingers grasping a humanoid neck. Two of her fingers dug into their upper cheeks, blood pooling from the stabbed flesh.
Steve promised mentally, and for only a brief second, to attend church more regularly when and if he made it back to New York. He raised one hand and placed it on the hilt of the knife and, with further praying, yanked it out while hoping it hadn’t hit anything major. He groaned and squeezed his eyes shut as pain spidered its way along his body.
wrong way.” Steve cracked his knuckles, an uncommon fury written across his features. He picked up the pace, eliminating the distance between himself and their captor until Justin Hammer pulled out a gun and aimed it straight for Steve’s head.
He turned his head to the opposite side and saw a large boulder next to his head. Without much thought, he began beating the rock on the boulder, forming loud clangs as stone struck stone. Above him, the sounds echoed into the dark night sky.
“STE-!” Tony gurgled as the water finally rose above their heads and entirely flooded theship with one last burp of air from the holes in the hull.
The genius’s pupils moved up and down in beat with the caroming shaft. “Look Hammer. I know you are fucking with me. What is it that you really want? We can avoid all of this drama and the show you are trying to put on by just getting straight to the point.” Hammer was silent and did nothing but move closer and closer to Tony’s exposed rear. “So, what is it? Money? Designs? Plastic Surgery? A bigger cock?” He couldn’t help the jab.
People screamed as the cronies ran for Steve together, legs and arms blindly kicking into the soldier. Steve blocked their attacks with finesse and strength, none of their blows striking their targets.
He was so close that Tony could count Steve’s eyelashes. They blinked rapidly. Nervously. The blue eyes behind them glanced down towards Tony’s cracked lips and the mechanic heard the super soldier swallow drily.
“What?” Tony looked up at Steve with mild worry, “Oh, yeah that’s no problem. We can rotate on who has the bed versus floor, or maybe the couch if there is one?” Steve felt a slight twinge in his solar plexus but he smirked and nodded his head downward as he saw Tony’s face contort to the idea of sleeping on a couch.
The soldier felt a hand slide into his and squeeze tight. He looked to his right and saw his husband next to him, smiling softly, seemingly admiring Steve’s naivety.
As soon as they had stopped the water torture, however, his body parts had gradually increased their blood flow and pain throbbed over his whole body.
Tony laid in Steve’s arms, breathing fitfully. They had grasped hands after Steve’s declaration. No words.
Tony blinked his eyes open slowly. They were gooey and crusted over, so it took a little while for the first ray of light to make it through to his retina. He smacked his mouth; his tongue felt like sandpaper.
Hammer snapped his fingers and one of the stooges came forward and placed the cold metal muzzle of a handgun against Steve’s temple while gagging him with a dirty cloth. The super soldier quieted but his face still held an angry ferocity.
“I thought you were watching your alcohol consumption…” Steve stated, not really a question, more of a reminder.
“That’s a little homophobic, don’t you think, Cap? Canceling the whole honeymoon idea just because it’s two guys? That may actually conceal our identities better… no one would suspect my playboyish self to be into someone so… Buff? Manly?  Prude?” He flipped his sunglasses back up on the bridge of his nose with a casual flick of his head. “I came from Pep’s birthday party on this emergency call, only to find Captain America getting overruled by the queen of spies? Looks like we won the vote, Rogers. I’ve never been on a cruise ship other than one I personally owned, so this should be a new experience at least…” Tony stepped into the room during his rambling and put a hand on Steve’s shoulder, slowly sliding his arm around to the other side to pull the super soldier into a one-armed, side hug. “Let’s go dearest lover. We depart port at 5:00 PM… Pack up Capsicle. SHIPS AHOY! SAIL AHEAD! INSERT OTHER BOAT LINGO HERE!” Tony pecked a struggled kiss on Steve’s cheek, which subsequently flushed a deep pink. Everyone stifled tired chuckles and grins as they sauntered out of the room, leaving Tony, Natasha, and Steve as the remaining occupants.
“When you are feeling better, I will show you the camp. It’s definitely four-star as far as beach hotels go.” He winked, face faltering when Tony started up in an another fit of coughing. The hand on Tony’s chest lightened and rubbed in circles.
He wished that they had at least set his legs back down to the floor so that his weight wasn’t being supported solely by his joints connected to the chains. His bones ached, his joints burned, and any point that Hammer had contacted with his stupid, fucking mallet felt like it was on fire.
A strangled and disturbed cry came from Steve’s direction and Tony dropped his head further, wishing he could just self-implode and end all of this. For a moment, he let himself look down, inspecting a crack in the concrete, but soon felt his defiance flare again and he raised his narrowed blue eyes, turning his head back, to meet Hammer’s hardened brown eyes.
The attendant seemed to notice Tony’s gaze and tugged his white dress sleeve down over his wrist, fiddling with his cufflinks as he walked off.
He patted his pants from the previous night, feeling nothing, dug in the pockets, and then started chucking clothes over his shoulder as a slight panic set in.
. In the depths of his soul, Tony was secretly grateful for the rock; while it seemed to make him insane, it also kept him sane in a way, he supposed. Without Steve to talk to, he needed somebody. Even a giant fucking rock.
“It’s our honeymoon. Married last week!” Tony took the lead and reached across the table to touch Steve’s left hand softly. As he brushed his thumb over Steve’s knuckles Tony noticed two things: Steve’s arm got chill bumps from the touch and, more importantly, neither of them were wearing a wedding ring
Steve woke up, a killer headache working its way through his skull’s occipitals. He grumbled, unaware of where he was for a moment. He blinked his eyes open and noticed that they stung with dehydration, lids raking painfully against his corneas.
“Shell-brain?” Sam glanced over at Natasha who raised her eyebrows and pressed her lips into a lopsided smile. “You know if Tony was here, he would correct you. I am just trying to make it seem like a normal-ass meeting and not one called at
Glancing towards his counterpart, Steve noticed that the lift still wasn’t enough to allow Tony to sneak out from under the metal. His steady groan turned into a full out scream as his muscles strained to lift. Eventually Steve raised it high enough that Tony wiggled his face under the bar and slid out. Steve let it down gently, still afraid of collapsing the structure on their heads.
Steve had held his hand the whole time. Just as he was now and just as he would continue doing until Tony finally woke up.
The recording blared over the speakers, causing Steve and Tony to grab their ears and groan. The speech continued for several minutes, letting passengers know where to go, what to do, what to bring for this port day, the weather, and the atmosphere of the location.
Billie, of course, didn’t respond, but looked encouraging to Tony with his bloody smile and large, cartoon-esque eyes.
“Like… if I wasn’t me… and you weren’t you….I would hit on yewwww…” Tony pointed a finger at Steve and winked from over the pair of sunglasses that he had popped on after exceeding tipsy status.
Steve wrapped his fingers firmly and pulled. Tony’s lip bled as his teeth dove into every nerve of the soft tissue.
Tony felt at a loss. For one of the first times in his life, he didn’t know what to do. He didn’t know how to get them out of this mess. Typically, he could fashion something out of nothing, but this time he didn’t even have a ‘something’ to work with. Now, Steve was injured and bleeding out and he couldn’t walk over to tourniquet the wound or even comfort the man.
Speaking of which...he probably had four or five broken ribs in addition to the cuts and broken arm. Great.
The pressure washer… the nightmares… none of those compared to the look in Tony’s eyes when their head captor would come into the room. The glowing sapphire that Tony’s iris contained dimmed to a dull navy and his lids would fall heavy as if he were millions of miles away, but from the way he would turn his head away from Steve and the way his whole body would turn red in shame… Steve knew that Tony was present. He knew that Tony was trying to keep Hammer pissed and focusing on the genius of the two instead of the supersoldier.
They stared at Steve like they knew him, and he suddenly found himself swallowing down his anxiety, broadening his shoulders, and solidifying his stance.
“Then we have to play it safe. He could kill me easily, and he could kill you too. I can’t. I can’t lose you. We have to get to somewhere safe.” Tony started hyperventilating, still crying from his previous altercation with the metal clad man.
“What?” Steve moved his hand gingerly up Tony’s body, feeling several concerning wet, sticky spots before finally resting on a hard bar pressed hard into the man’s neck. Tony was choking from a metal bar that had hit his neck, collapsing his trachea. Steve scrambled quickly to his knees, hissing as pain shot through his left ankle before he felt around and grabbed the bar holding his friend and lifted. The bar was unmoving. It was stuck to something, Steve didn’t know what. If it was a support, the whole bunker could collapse on them. If it was just stuck to a piece of concrete… Tony could die.
“Oh god, Tony, please. Open your eyes- god you are freezing.” Steve’s hands moved carefully along Tony’s bruised and broken skin, ultimately settling on his shoulders. Steve shook the man gently, trying to encourage him to wake up.
Steve had been shocked. His mouth had opened and closed repeatedly as Tony looked at him with hopeful eyes. Tony had stammered, speaking quickly as soon as he noticed Steve’s lack of response.
The mechanic continued coughing, until he was woken up by the fit that wracked his body. Tony tried to sit up but cried out when his arm drug from its stationary spot on the ground. His arm burned like someone had lit it on fire and his chest felt as if he had been sprayed with shotgun pellets.
Tony’s eyebrows shot up, however he found himself unsurprised by Steve’s revelation. He looked out over the stick wall and saw that the sky was a light lavender and pink, orange sun setting in the distance. Their encampment must be out of the outer rim of the west side of the island.
Tony was the first to speak, “I am fine. Just a minor panic attack… watching the news. That’s all. What do you want?”
Diving his tongue tantalizingly slow in and out of his anus, Steve made Tony want even more than he already was. He raised up, spit a long stream of saliva onto his dick and lined his dick up with Tony’s warm and welcoming hole. He moved into him and Tony could swear that the dildo he had been on previously was molded on Steve’s dick. He felt full yet again, but this time there was no over stimulatory vibrations from the motorcycle’s engine.
At first, he had laughed, but over the course of a week, Tony too had started referring to the boulder as Billie. He felt as crazy as he was sure Steve had; talking to a fucking boulder. Occasionally Tony talked to Billie when Steve wasn’t there, even singing to Billie an old Italian song his Nonna had taught him as a child. Steve had caught him once, smirking at the melody that slipped between Tony’s lips and the accompanying whistles. Tony shut up immediately when he saw the super soldier watching and both men had silently gone their separate ways.
“Yeah, seriously- YEAH!.” Rhodey obviously didn’t appreciate Tony’s sense of humor today but yelled the latter sentiment cheerfully as a plane exploded and fell in an orange heap on the white laden ground. Steve swallowed at their jokes, feeling the responsibility of the battle calling for him over the awkward banter between him and Tony.
“Yeah…. Not near enough Captain. I’d take some time off from my fuck toy and screw with you instead…. But I have a feeling that physical pain isn’t much for you, what with your serum and all. Emotional pain is better suited for your fancy ass. What better way to target you than to hurt the man you love most?”
Tony coughed and spit, groaning as he rolled over onto his back. For a moment his mind was silent, just the image of the backs of his eyelids floating around in his brain. He slowly regained his thoughts and realized he was on something hard and wet. Something kept tickling his feet and his skin felt itchy. He slowly wiggled his fingers, willing life back into them, and noted that one hand was asleep. His toes wiggled just fine, although it felt like one was restricted by a sock.
Justin raised up from where he was leaning and said nothing, eyes twinkling again and suddenly Tony was fearful. He knew it showed in his eyes, but the silence and stare were making his shivers turn away from thermogenesis and towards terror.
“Yeah...” Steve rubbed his nose with his arm and stood. “Let’s get this done Tony. The medicine should have had enough time to kick in as much as it’s going to.” He hoped Tony passed out and didn’t have to worry about it, but he felt like the mechanic wasn’t going to be that lucky.
“Please, no. Please…” He began to cry in mantra. After a few meters of Steve limping and dragging the man towards the only stable wall in the immediate area, Tony went slack into unconsciousness.
Steve stood there for what felt like forever, hands trembling and breaths coming quickly. His eyes caught sight of black fibers on the concrete railing of the balconies below them and he didn’t know if it was from where Tony had banged into the railing before falling to his death or if his friend had somehow managed to avoid the water entirely by falling into the other balcony. The latter defied physics, but Steve held onto the hope.
Steve flushed and sharply turned, seemingly like a robot, and left the hut without so much as another word.
He sighed, letting his head gently fall back against a rock. Looking up into the blue sky, Tony thought that he appreciated the serenity of the island (despite Steve) and that it was a nice refresh from his normal, paparazzi-frequented life. However, his lab and the bots, the team… he missed them all and, in his melancholy, began to close his eyes thinking happy thoughts of being welcomed back from their extended “vacation”.
He’d hear the snapping of branches and, semi-delirious from lack of water, would rush to the side, hiding behind trees, logs, or bushes. Occasionally he would hear the sound of bug wings or see a bird flutter above him, but for the most part it was quiet.
He looked up and saw ceiling-secured chains bound to a set of manacles restricting his wrists. His fingers were already pale from lack of blood flow to them and he was sure that half of his light-headedness was the result of blood rushing down the veins in his arms and to his head. There was red crusted around the edges of the shackles and Tony didn’t know if it was his blood or the person’s before him.
The pressure washer was wheeled over by a second set of chains that were strung up in the opposite corner of Tony and revved up until it was ready to go, water jetting out of the nozzle.
Eventually, after waking himself up with his own breathing, Tony was able to pop one blurred eye open. All he saw was green. Green very close to his face. He shook as much as his weak body was able to and the green fell away, revealing a high sun overhead and crystal clear water before him.
Tony screamed, eyes and mouth popping open and veins bulging by his temples. After a few seconds, his head thudded back against the hard floor as he passed out, but Steve had managed to free his arm.
Ten minutes passed before the door locks began to clink again. Tony blinked open his eyes, which were surprisingly feeling a bit better since Steve had come into his cell.
Tony, despite the delirium and pain, smiled softly at the statement. Remembering his earlier promise to an unconscious Steve Rogers as concrete littered their surroundings.
Tony wished he knew what the fuck his captors wanted. They hadn’t asked for anything. Hadn’t made any demands or told him anything. There were three of them. Two were obviously low-level minions and the other was some dude with half his body made out of metal. Tony had originally deduced that it was aluminum based on the feel of the metal when it struck his bare abdomen.
Confusion was only with Steve for about thirty seconds before he realized what was going on. He had seen the clouds covering the night sky seconds before Tony had been dropped to the lower balcony. Either this boat was unequipped for a storm, or someone had fudged up a checklist for boat preparations.
Furrowing his brows, the super soldier rolled off the couch and stood carefully, still orienting himself to the slight sway provided by the waves hitting the side of the cruise ship. He walked over to the digital panel that Tony had been messing with yesterday and looked to see if the panel said anything; it looked the same as it had yesterday when they first arrived. To be fair, Steve didn’t really know what it looked like after Tony had integrated JARVIS in the system. The digital display did contain the time and Steve grunted at how late in the morning it was at 10:45 am.
It was as if Steve had been struck in the gut with an iron crowbar. For a second, he couldn’t think, his pupils trailing the crimson dripping from the right side of Tony’s abdomen.
Steve stood in the darkness. His breathing quickened, and he found himself slowly falling into a panic attack as he realized he didn’t know where he was, and he didn’t know where Tony was.
“No time like the now, Friday.” Tony tread lightly towards the large bunker door, eyeing the design of it to choose the best spot to proceed with his metal soldering.
Tony swiveled on his heel and started to run back to the room entrance, however as soon as he rounded the corner of the door he bumped into a large red, white, and blue brick; the impact sent him flying backwards into one of the computers. He fell ungracefully with a crash and sent one of the monitors flying to the floor. Glass shattered.
Spit was congealed on his eye now and he had not a hand or arm to wipe it away. The vision in the spitty eye was blurred, so Tony closed it, and then decided that maybe if he tried hard and if he closed both eyes, he could imagine that this was Steve instead. Steve making love to him instead of raping him.
“Please… please stop! Who is your boss? I can get you out of whatever trouble you would be in with your boss. I will take care of it, just don’t hurt him.” There was desperation in his voice now.
“Really buddy? You aren’t offended that I grab your dick, but you are about me slapping your ass?” Justin laughed out loud, cruel eyes twinkling in a way that made Tony even more uncomfortable than the ass-slap.
The lights above him remained flickering, but the lights several meters away were gone, generating a dark tunnel for the rest of the hallway. The hallway was tilted downwards and various items slipped down the slope towards the darkness.
Tony tried to speak but all that came out from between his lips was a whimper. He tried again, “-was jus’ thinkin’ ‘bout him…or her… it…God”
mistress to buy a smaller, but equally as nice, room.” Tony rambled on and subsequently came to a realization that he had not considered before. “And uh… I just realized that there is only one bed because it is literally called the “Honeymooners” room. One bed, one bath, I assume a closet and maybe a dining room- “
The arm against Tony’s chest was damaged badly and Steve couldn’t help but wince, gasping slightly and subsequently remembering his own pain as blood slithered down his chest.
If the ship was rocking this much, then the storm must be bad. It was a cruise ship, so they should be prepared for storms like this, but who knows what tech Kang’s cronies had fiddled with on board. They could have messed with something that they had no idea its use.
Steve whispered, “Don’t call me Cap… I’m Seth Richards, remember? We are close to the ship now. Disguises?
The lab was quiet at the standoff aside from the whirring of multiple tech gadgets and the occasional
The soldier winced, feeling guilty for the pain that he was causing the man beneath him. Tony’s arm flexed in between his legs, attempting to pull away; Steve held it firmly.
The genius’s eyebrows furrowed, and his mouth set in a thin line. The Captain and him had been meeting together a lot. Steve had requested they watch movies he had never seen, or played board games, sometimes even video games. Tony had always been up for their sessions, but lately it had seemed a little close for him. He didn’t want to get close to anyone so soon after Pepper. The closeness had felt awkward and bizarre to Tony… the dreams and his seclusion were not the only reason he had canceled.
Steve’s free hand moved towards Tony’s and he threaded his large, calloused fingers between the small, tinkerer’s fingers. It wasn’t often that Captain America’s mind lost itself to its negative recesses, but he couldn’t help it now. The super soldier looked down briefly and took a deep breath, trying to compose himself.
Steve smiled, proud of his work. “You aren’t the only engineer that exists on this island. I’ve been taking care of us.” He said it almost protectively… dominantly. As if he were the man of the island taking care of his ill lover. Which is basically what it was, Steve thought. Unrequited lover, maybe. But after almost a week, there was no other way to really describe their situation.
Steve’s eyes had filled with gravity defying tears and he had continued his work unceremoniously, trying to ignore his lover’s heart wrenching cries. Within 5 minutes, Tony’s bullet wound had been flushed and taped with gauze. Steve wrapped a spare pilot’s uniform around his massive chest and cinched the belt snugly to his slim waist, feeling protected and comfortable for the first time after weeks sitting in the body bag and vulnerable nudity.
“Don’t have to call me God…” a raspy, sarcastic answer fueled by fear. Tony smiled up at Steve but faltered when he began coughing.
Steve pulled Tony upwards and shoved him through the hole formed by the broken window, following closely behind. Steve barred his arms against the window frame and pushed himself out, looking up to see Tony swimming weakly.
The sun was setting rapidly now. Steve could see the eastern border of the sky, stars peeking out into the blackness that was taking over his world.
As expected the larger hand slipped into Tony’s and Steve found himself being gently pulled up (no easy task, but Tony managed). They maneuvered around the people walking and slipped their feet into the main pool, walking slowly down the concrete stairs and hissing as the cold water lapped at their warm flesh.
At this point in time, Tony would typically roll his hips to shove Steve over, taking control of the situation, but as he was surrounded by the hole’s sandy walls, his movement was greatly inhibited. He bucked wildly instead, unsuccessful at inciting anything from the man teasing him.
Silently, Tony began digging a few feet away with his single hand while his injured arm was tucked up next to his chest in the sling. Unfortunately, while the mechanic began to shovel, the tossed sand proceeded to fall into Steve’s already dug hole.
Tony parted his lips and a rush of fruity, cold liquid spilled into his mouth, dribbling down the sides. He swallowed and the more he swallowed, the thirstier and more ravenous he got until all of the liquid was gone. He smeared the remains over his tongue and sighed.
They had left him for the time being. He was shivering uncontrollably, and the tears had dried on his cheeks and lips, white with salt. He tried to slow his breathing, but he couldn’t help the hyperventilation from blood loss.
The room was large enough to hold each of the founding Avengers, plus Sam Wilson, Vision, and Wanda, for an impromptu meeting that Steve had summoned everyone to.
I only want you, Tony….I want you to feel used and abused. That’s all I want to pay you back for the humiliation you make me face. Every. God. Damn. Day.”
“Okay.” Steve lowered him to the ground slowly and Tony found himself on his pallet. Steve had carried him the whole way. Tony’s groin was splayed out and, as Steve discovered, was red, hard, and throbbing. He could see the major veins pulsating.
Cum laid on Tony’s stomach, mixing with his body hair and settling into a little pool formed by his belly button. Tony’s head sagged backward, unsupported, as he moaned groggily.
After Tony’s silence, Steve walked back upstairs, “So, we have no phones, no functioning tablet, no JARVIS. Do we have any way to contact SHEILD if we need them?”
No matter the quantity of minimal sedative that the medical staff could afford to deliver, Tony wouldn’t stop crying and jerking his limbs through the air. Streaks of salt-water streamed down his cheek bones as his wide eyes searched the room for solace. Steve would reach out to wipe them with his pointer finger, helpless tears streaming down his own cheeks.
“What is a kitten doing here?” He croaked and looked at it with softened eyes. It was small, around three months, and mewed softly in response to him before hissing and causing Tony to drop it in his lap.
“SHIT!” the expletive was followed by Anthony Edward Stark’s infamous giggle and a sheer howl of enjoyment. The e-tron quickly recovered and zoomed forward yet again, gaining the altitude needed to make it to the peak of the hill.
Tony went flying into one of the previously dug holes, landing with a thud and a yelp. Scared, Steve ran over to him, ready to jump in the hole, only he lost his footing by sliding in the sand and fell into the hole on top of Tony.
Tony tried to ride the dildo, trying to slide up and down, but could not get the proper footing to do so. It was all too much. The thrill of being out in the open while having Steve Rogers touch his warm groin and also having an engine driven vibrator up his ass- it was all too much. He felt the hot, blazing cum seemingly build in his belly and rush through his core and out straight into the open. His blast was so strong that it spread in white, viscous streams across Steve’s chest and face.
Days passed. On the third day, Steve could swear that he could hear someone shuffling above them and his hope for rescue increased. On the fourth, it was silent, and he found himself going crazy with anxiety that help may not be arriving. The fifth day, Steve felt nothing. He was numb, both emotionally and physically. His toes and fingers were blue, as were Tony’s.
Steve woke with a start. Breathing heavily. His dreams weighed on him. Water had washed Tony away from him and, while he screamed and screamed, Tony drifted further and further away. Then Tony’s head had turned into a volleyball, taunting him with sobs and tears.
There was the typical king-sized bed covered in soft cotton layers, a crystal chandelier overhead, and a bookshelf with various works ranging from
It wasn’t often that Captain America found himself overwhelmed… but he was now. He was overwhelmed by the complexity of the cruise ship and felt himself getting excited as if this was an actual vacation.
A few weeks passed, and no one came to the rescue. They lit giant bonfires, screamed into the ocean as loud as they could before breaking down into tears, and spelt out “help” in sticks on the shore. No one heard their cries. No one came to help. Steve had stopped sleeping next to Tony weeks ago. Morale between the two men decreased until, instead of building up their base and attempting contact with the modern world, they began laying in their respective pallets silently in the morning.
?” Justin stroked himself, trying to wear off the pain that threaded its way through his shaft. He tried once more, again his member bending awkwardly as it bypassed Steve’s hole completely.
The super soldier slipped into the bed beside him and held him for an hour until he finally cried himself to sleep against Steve’s chest.
The robots had been destroyed by helicarriers and Nick Fury's quick thinking; the world had survived without the Avengers before and they could survive without them now. The city had seen worse, although the damage to surrounding structures was totaled in the trillions.
Occasionally Tony would find release in his sleep, but never for very long. He would start shaking, throwing his head around and begging with whimpers and loud ‘no’s that would echo through the concrete cell.
Steve moved in and out of him with sharp bursts. Steve wasn’t going to last long. The sights that he had seen and the cum he had tasted proved to be too much. He saw Tony’s tie lie along the smaller man’s back, as it had somehow whirled around from the front, and grabbed it. He began to pull it, bringing the smaller man back on his dick quicker. In addition to the increase in speed of the pounding, Tony got a small choking in- his favorite.
“I don’t even know what that means, Tony…” Steve smiled and rolled his eyes, suddenly feeling self-conscious.
The mental image that he conjured up of himself involved him looking like a bulky, steroid-induced child. His cheeks were still round with what some would call “baby fat”, even after his 70 years sealed in the Arctic ocean. With the lack of hair framing his face, it just made him appear rounder and fuller.
He yelled up the stairs to Tony, “I can’t find mine either. Someone must have swiped them. I didn’t even pull mine out last night.”
As if on cue, the recent events played out in Tony’s genius brain like a projector. The explosion, him covering Steve’s body with his. The splintering pain that coursed through his arm when the rock landed on it and the fear that plagued him when the metal bar collapsed on his neck. Tony felt his wounded chest seize as his eyes trailed over his body and towards his arm. The arm was awkwardly shaped and there were several gashes from which shards of bone stuck out. It wasn’t shattered, but it was definitely broken in multiple locations.
There was no answer, so he opened his eyes a little further and looked around. First, he glanced down, seeing his torn arm in a makeshift sling made from torn cloth. He threw his head back and groaned. The cuts were bright red, and he could practically feel the infection pulsing through his veins. Especially through his forehead which was so hot that it burned his eyes.
Steve was slightly impressed with Tony. Sure, Tony came off misogynistic and like a playboy, but obviously, there was more than meets the eye. However, this drama was not helping this case at all. He muttered Tony’s name under his breath, hoping the other man would hear him and calm down.
His hands clenched the railing tightly and instead of shaking in fear, began shaking in rage. He turned slowly to the pig-faced man, eyes a dangerous shade of blue, but Steve saw nothing other than red.
Steve wrapped his arms gently around the mechanic, avoiding the spots of broken skin lining Tony’s torso. Steve allowed himself to pretend for a moment that they were back at the tower. Lying in Tony’s double king-sized bed. Laughing. Smiling. Tony’s smile could light up a whole room, Steve thought. And when it did, Steve would nuzzle his lips into the crook of Tony’s neck, softly lining it with kisses, licks, and nibbles as the man moaned beneath him…
Confused, Tony raised his head and found the head of Hammer’s dick coming straight towards him. He turned his head, but hammer grabbed him by his cheeks, popping Tony’s mouth open and shoving himself in deep, all the way to the back of Tony’s throat.
He might give this beard thing another go after this mission was completed. His normally scruffy hair was gelled back, and he had his stylist trim the sides of his hair.
Steve’s eyes stung, and his lungs began throbbing as he realized through the adrenaline that he was on the lower levels of his oxygen stores. Looking up, he saw that they were only about 15 feet from the surface of the water. Below him was pitch black save for the disappearing end of the ship. Steve kicked towards Tony, reaching out for the other man's waist, when all of the sudden the other man began spasming and jerking around. Steve withdrew his hand, frightened for a moment, before realizing that Tony was drowning. He fought through Tony’s flailing limbs, wrapped his arms around him, and kicked hastily until his head broke through the ocean's surface.
Tony still stumbled over some of his words, but the message was clear enough. “Yeah… you two were friends. But he used to beat the shit out of Mom. He was a piece of shit- at least he was after you went bye-bye into the world’s biggest slushie.”
“We have to get this off you, buddy.” Steve slipped his hands under the metal framing of the table and lifted. It was a heavy son of a bitch and he determined he would have to put in more effort than normal to lift it. Taking a deep, searing breath, he lifted, ignoring whatever was splintering across his chest and into his lungs. Tony helped despite his anxiety, assisting by pushing the table towards Steve’s direction.
“Here we are, gentleman.” He read off their orders and preferences as he set the platters in front of them. William asked if they needed anything more as he pulled his hands back from the table.
Tony felt his eyes glaze over and he couldn’t hold it anymore. His third orgasm wracked his whole body as his semen spilled out beneath his bent over body. He felt Steve pulsing inside of him and felt the man’s hot liquid pool out from his dick and into his open belly.
Grabbing the cum-soaked cloth, he hesitated before applying it gently to the wound, increasing pressure as time unfolded to ease Tony into the pain slowly. He wasn’t sure the genius was even cognizant until a small whimper escaped his clamped teeth.
The mechanic licked his lips and swallowed as he dared look up into Cap’s soft eyes. Tony could have sworn that he could feel Steve’s heart rate speed up. Unblinking, they looked at one another for what felt like minutes. Turns out it was only a few seconds.
Thank you for reading! Please leave a comment or kudos if you liked it. As always, I accept constructive criticism or grammar reviews in comments or PMs. I really appreciate all of you.
Steve smiled and gave a mental whoop at his fortune. Now how to get to the coconuts was a different question. There were about four on the underside of the tree, begging Steve to come get them down and drink from them.
“What happened down there? You seem different and… well… your bond with him is particularly changed.” She glanced at their clasped hands.
Slowly, very slowly, the genius’ head shifted, turning to face his make-shift medic. His eyes were full of unshed tears and vomit-mixed drool streamed from the corners of his mouth. There were dark circles rimming the bottoms of his eyes.
A cell, what a surprise, with the normal concrete walls, iron-barred door, and red stained floors that sloped towards the middle of the room for drainage. Whether the red was from rust or blood, Tony didn’t really know but he speculated the latter. He tried to tell himself that none of this intimidated him. That worst-case scenario, he died. Best case scenario, his peeps were already trying to rescue him and breaking into wherever the hell he was right now. Considering the complete disdain that he had for himself 99.9% of the time, he really shouldn’t care if the worst-case scenario occurred, but he couldn’t help but suck in a sharp breath as his lungs and throat seized in what was the beginning of a panic attack. His and Yinsen’s time came flying back to him and he felt his arms start shaking.
Hammer walked back over to Tony and dove his knee into the smaller man’s gut, causing him to sputter and cough from the shock to his ribs and internal organs. Next came a swift kick to his knees, causing them to crack painfully as Tony fell forward, supported only by the chains on his arms. His bad wrist was yanked by the manacle and Tony cried out in discomfort.
With his acute level of hearing, Steve could hear the trickle of water and fear spiked within him. It had been a while since he had been trapped in a giant body of water, but the thought still terrified him.
He couldn’t really help himself from getting excited again. The ship had been nice and overwhelming, but he had never been to the Bahamas before. Tony had always freely offered the Avengers access to his private beach homes in Hawaii, the Bahamas, and Fiji, but Steve had never taken him up on any of them. The soldier often found himself too busy with avenging for frivolous vacations, however, because this was a mission in conjunction with a tour of a beautiful set of islands, Steve thought he might let himself enjoy the beauty of the port.
“P-p-please Justin…. Please no….” He stammered, tears still pooling out of his eyes, spit washing away from the salt water that poured along his cheekbones. “Whatever you want… whatever…”
Tony felt that the story Steve’s eyes told was very different from his own. Embarrassed and ashamed of his muddled blue eyes, he looked away.
Tony hadn’t realized the dropping temperature before but began shivering when he noticed that he could see his breath puffing out in front of his face.
The ship was pure white, multiple long anchors running from all sides, and had red and blue stripes (Steve appreciated their color choices) running parallel around the hull. Above the hull, ten levels of balconies wrapped around the surface of the ship, comprising most of its mid-section. The bow had tall glass panels surrounding it, so Steve couldn’t quite determine what was bow-side yet. The stern had shorter, angled glass panels around it and it appeared to be some sort of viewing deck. The back of the ship read
Steve had never been on a cruise ship before. This one was extremely exclusive compared to the other cruise ships that Steve had researched. It held approximately 10,000 people and had a little over 5,000 rooms on it. Children were not allowed on board, which was probably good since children seemed to recognize Captain America more often than any adults did. There were multiple pools and bars on board, a casino, an art gallery, stage shows, gyms, and even a mini-golf court. Steve didn’t understand how they fit all of these amenities on a boat until he saw the massive size of the ship. He thought he had seen big ships when he was fighting in the war and when Sheild’s Helicarriers temporarily stanchioned down into the water, but neither battleship compared to the size of the cruise boat.
When they argued, Tony would clench his jaw and smile slightly as he tried to impress his opinions on Steve. The tension was always extreme when they would argue- but Steve always felt some sort of stirring going on in his lower gut.
They had cut him. Broken his arm. Doused him in freezing cold water as they waterboarded him. The icy water had slightly helped with the pain from his lacerations and arm as it had numbed his nerves.
“I would’ve rather you did…” Tony moaned out, dick pulsating between Steve’s abs and his own. Steve chuckled and let one hand fall from cupping Tony’s ass. He slid two fingers into his mouth, thoroughly coating them with his spit. Tony watched in awe as the man’s pink lips slid over each digit.
“Tony!” He rasped, knowing the other man was being choked to death and was in no condition to respond. Steve backed into the cracked wall behind him and slid down until his legs and butt were flush with the ground. His hands continued reaching around beside him until one encountered cold metal. He grabbed and pulled softly, the piece coming towards his chest.
The tension was awkward, angry, and sad. Neither man liked it, but both were too stubborn to talk about it. Instead, Billie became their therapist. In Tony’s mind, the boulder wasn’t that much different than a real therapist; both parties had stoic faces and shitty senses of humor
Swinging his garment bags around on his broad left shoulder, Steve had paid the attendant with cash and a bashful smile. Tony had been uncharacteristically quiet behind him, mouth set in a thin line and eyes treading over the expanse of Steve’s new wardrobe.
“Fun game… we are on our honeymoon right? So we might as well talk about our past together.” Tony whispered and then winked multiple times. When the larger man smiled and nodded in understanding, Tony spoke up, “Remember that time you got drunk and peed on the couch because you thought it was the toilet?”
For now, the thing that piqued his interest was a dark form between the trees that disappeared almost as soon as he saw it. Tony immediately began running for the trees.
He felt sick. He felt the sperm crawling their way out of his throat again and he turned his head to the side, throwing up pure, hungry bile in a pile on the floor.
The concrete blocks fell all around them, covering their immediate area. Somehow, by some miracle, the stones failed to hit them. Instead they made a small enclosure, trapping both men in an even smaller area than they were in before, one where they could barely move without hitting stone slabs beside them.
“I felt dirty. I took their clothes off of them before I buried them... there were faces I recognized.” Steve’s eyes filled with tears as he spoke. “That lady... the one who told us to dance? She-she...” Unexpectedly, Steve broke down. It was like years of emotional and mental pain came out in one sitting. He cried and Tony kept his distance, unsure of what to do. Tony wasn’t good with emotions.
Cap met no resistance as he charged up the stairs, completely avoiding the elevators. People moved over to let him by as he took the steps two at a time, ascending to the level that their room was on.
Steve realized he had dropped Tony’s name and smiled sheepishly before continuing. “You have been quiet today. You alright?”
feelings and about how he wanted Tony too. About how they were a team, colleagues, but that they could make it work. Steve knew he loved him that much… if they made it through this, they could make it through anything.
The bigger man grinned, eyes half lidded with want. “Cum again for me… then I will fuck you for your last orgasm.”
Neither man said a word as Tony parted his lips, raised on his toes, and moved closer towards Steve’s face.
missed Steve too. He missed the jokes and the laughter, the wrestling over Monopoly money, and the little jolt he got when he brushed arms with Steve while watching Avatar. These feelings…Tony disregarded them as his typical desire for human connection after being physically ignored for so long.
This dream had been plaguing him for months now. It was a dream based on reality. The man had pulled Tony aside after a press conference and revealed that he was being haunted by ghosts. As a scientist, Tony had dismissed the man altogether, but the last sentence that Mr. Likart had spoken to him, struck a nerve that he couldn’t satiate. Try as he might, Tony couldn’t forget the conversation. A conversation that he had with an individual who was now dead. Potentially because of Tony.
Steve’s eyes narrowed dully, “You are in a cast and a wheelchair. As much as Stark and Banner tried, there was no quick healing options for a shattered femur. So, you are out of the question. Sorry Barton. Bruce, you are also out of the question since- well- the Hulk on a ship sounds like a tragedy waiting to happen.”
” His answer was firm, but still had an air of respect for the MD. Steve sat down carefully in the warm crevice of the hunter green cot he had been sitting on, right next to Tony. His hand slipped under the mechanic’s and gripped tight, as if reaffirming his decision to stay with his lover. “He needs me.”
Steve shivered from the cold, but knew that he had survived worse, so decided to toughen up. Tony needed the warmth more than he did. He could barely feel his skin as this point. It wasn’t tingling like it normally did in the harsh cold; his nerves were beyond the numbness.
Tony found himself incapable of speaking and thus waved a lone hand to signal JARVIS to send his friend away.
They made their way up to the encampment, Steve sliding into the sand as he walked. Tony’s head nodded against his chest and the soldier was 99% sure that he had finally fallen asleep. Quietly he approached Tony’s pallet by Billie and laid him down.
He focused on Tony’s threats, trying to distract his mind. He couldn’t help but smile a little at Tony’s promises of death and destruction. Tony was always a damn drama king, even in his intimidation tactics.
Tears had started spilling from his eyes several hours ago. He couldn’t help it. Tony was never really a sentimental guy, but he cried occasionally; these tears were out of pure pain. Pain and fear for what was to come.
Making sure they had their keycards for access and phones in their pockets, both men left the room with JARVIS bidding them adieu. Tony flipped off the ceiling in response.
“Friday! Warn the team!” Tony’s command was too late as, what Tony assumed to be advanced technology blockers, took his trusted AI away from him in the blink of an eye. It soon took his suit from him as well, the ground shaking as the metal clamored to the floor in pieces.
It took about five minutes before the super soldier was knocked out on the floor at the pig-faced man’s feet.
Steve stared at the man sitting on the floor in front of him. Tony looked small. He had pulled his knees to his chest and wrapped his arms around them.
“You are delirious...” the super soldier slid his arms underneath the smaller man’s knees and shoulders and lifted.
Despite their proximity and the desperation of their situation, they had remained mostly silent since Steve had tried to kiss Tony. Steve, in a fitful dream, had murmured the name “Billie” over and over again until finally, when he woke up, Tony questioned him into revealing the boulder who had become Steve’s friend during Tony’s coma.
“Huh?” Steve seemed to be intentionally distracted, not looking into the genius’ eyes as Tony lowered his hand down Steve’s back and his other arm around the super soldier’s neck.
The boat shifted, presumably hit by a large wave, and sent both men tumbling off from the safety of the ledge and into the cool water. Steve lost his grip on Tony with a yelp and grasped around in the dark water blindly to try to find the man. His fingers touched fabric and he gripped hard, yanking and pulling Tony towards him while he kicked towards the surface.
“You really try to get straight to the point, doncha Tony?” Hammer’s face stretched into a sinister smile and he walked up to Tony, pulling his hand from his pocket and outstretching it towards the genius’s face. “Not yet friend…” he slid his thumb down Tony’s cheek.
Tony was coughing up phlegm and proceeded to spit it behind the boulder and out of his mouth. It tasted metallic and Tony immediately began to worry despite his delirium.
The supersoldier’s head shot around and he immediately rushed to the man’s side. “Tony, Tony Tony… stop! I can do this. You need to lay down.”
Unfortunately, he would have to leave Tony alone to perform any of them. Not knowing if they were the only survivors made Steve wary about leaving the mechanic out in the open, so he took palm fronds and stanchioned them in the sand, covering Tony’s form seamlessly. It was mostly inconspicuous, if you didn’t look too hard.
Running was an option, if he could see better. He could walk but that would take forever. His speed was also confounded by whether or not he knew where Tony was. There had only been one call, and he had no idea if it came from the center of the forest or the outskirts.
Hammer came and came hard, filling Tony with white-hot semen that seeped out as the villain still thrust into him. Justin had been saving up his fluid for this very purpose and hadn’t engaged in an orgasm since Tony had taken his dick deep into his throat last week. He moaned, pulling out slowly after a few twitches inside released a little more liquid into Tony’s insides.
With that, Steve yanked, chains snapping easily under the combination of his weight and the force he put behind it with his rippling arm muscles. He elbowed back, slamming into Justin’s groin. Steve yanked one foot up, the bolts flying out from their seated position and allowing Steve full freedom of movement. Steve proceeded to take out every henchman with ease, naked body flying with precision and energy.
Tony felt full and tears of pain and pleasure escaped the corners of his closed eyes. Steve licked up his cheeks, absorbing the salty liquid onto his tongue. Tony’s eyes opened and he gave a nod of okay to Steve.
After a time, Steve had lost faith that anyone was coming to rescue them. He was always one to remain hopeful and optimistic in the face of uncertainty and torture, but the days had worn him down and he was no longer sure if there was any possibility of their friends coming to save them.
Steve sniffed in approval and shuffled back over to the rock pile, moving piece by piece with a robotic stare.
The sun was setting behind him, so all that Tony could really see was his large outline sitting on the bike. Had he not been so pissed or shocked, it would’ve been a beautiful scene.
Tony cried out as the sensitive organ was stroked roughly, cock hardening to its full potential. He cried out one more time in hopes that Justin still had some sort of heart, “PLEASE JUSTIN… PLEASE STOP!”
“Baby… how do I help… how can I help? You sacrificed everything to keep me alive…. To save me… I don’t-I don’t know how to help, Baby.”
The doctors had successfully removed the bullet from his abdomen, but he was far from recovery. The staff had to inundate Tony’s rectal lining with cream and antibiotics twice daily to heal the lacerations that lined his soft tissue from Hammer’s vicious poundings. He would always cry and beg when they would touch him down there. Steve would clench his hand tighter in an attempted means to console him, but it never worked.
“Swallow.” Hammer butted Tony in the head with the gun, earning a strangled cry of shock at the sudden strike.
There was a main living area with a marble-top coffee table, surrounded by two antique style love seats and a full-sized chaise sofa. The walls were laden with taupe colored paint and covered with elaborate artworks framed in white-washed wood and intricate gold. Two sliding glass doors were on the far wall, light streaming through them despite being covered by cream-colored sheer curtains. Beside the doors were floor to ceiling windows, also covered by sheers that prevented Steve from seeing the oceanic view from their suite room.
A week ago, Tony had finally confessed his feelings to Steve. They weren’t feelings of irritation or condescension, as Steve often wanted to expect from the genius, but feelings of admiration. Love.
Still under light sedation, Tony had fluttered his eyelids and moaned Steve’s name, occasionally whispering “Justin no…” as he rested fitfully during the brief translocation from the warehouse.
“When asswipe grabbed Patricia like that. Reminded me of Dad. I hate that shit. I don’t get it. If you love someone- or
The whole scene had reminded Tony of Titanic when Jack sketched Rose, making him giggle a bit as Steve brushed the graphite pencil across the coarse paper. Steve shushed him, smiling a bit towards the end. He raised the drawing for Tony’s eyes and the genius could admit that he was shocked at the amount of detail that went into it, especially the detail that Steve put into Tony’s eyes. The drawing was an exact replica. Feeling shy, Tony jibed that maybe he should have worn a blue diamond around his neck; Steve didn’t catch the reference.
A lady twirled by them in what appeared to be a poodle skirt (wrong era, but who were they to tell her that), laid a hand on Tony’s arm and whispered softly, “You two should really be out here… no one judges. You are both adorable.” She was subsequently whisked off by her husband as they rotated around the wooden floor.
Steve knew that the water was warm, but that the drop into it head-first would shatter Tony’s spine and break his neck. He knew that if, by some miracle, Tony’s neck didn’t break, the waves would churn over his unconscious body, rolling him towards their depths. If he managed to survive all of that… the sharks and other predators would feed off the genius’s flesh until there were only bones remaining.
The first thirty minutes had been the hardest for Steve to witness. Tony floated in and out of consciousness and every time he was in, would scream bloody murder. He screamed things relating to Justin. He screamed for Steve and Steve’s safety.
Good thing this was his internal monologue because Steve definitely would have scolded him for his stream of expletives.
“Not quite. My feet aren’t bound and that’s about the only positive with how I’m strung up… which is saying something because you know how kinky I am.” Another exasperated sigh from Steve. “My arms are chained from the ceiling. That’s it. I can stand or kneel, but the kneeling takes a toll on my shoulders.”
Apparently, Tony could not get himself up the stairs, since he had remained face down on them, drool pooling at the side of his mouth; he snored slightly. Steve slid an arm below him and hoisted Tony up, dragging him not so gently up the stairs, the drunkard groaning and mumbling grumpily along the way. Steve positioned him in his arms carefully and then let Tony drop onto the bed where he bounced up and giggled. Sliding his feet over the foot of the bed, Steve removed Tony’s shoes and yanked the blanket out from under him to cover him up.
Steve smirked a little and raised from his stationary position on the desk, striding over towards Tony with one hand out.
Sighing, he sat up and examined the bedside table. Oddly there were four buttons lining the area underneath the lamp. He pressed the first and the lights turned on, he pressed the second and could suddenly hear JARVIS replying exasperatedly to Tony over the bedroom speakers, and the third button opened a wooden cabinet in front of him, revealing another flat screen TV. Steve’s finger hovered over the fourth button before he finally pressed it.
Hammer stood on his tiptoes and settled his face mere centimeters away from Steve’s, staring him directly in his icy blue eyes. “The same thing you want Captain Rogers.”
, let’s get to our room.” Tony frowned and let out a very low-pitch, pining whine as Steve drug him to the Honeymooners suite in room #1013.
He could have cried in happiness. Tony, beard extremely long and disheveled from the cruise disguise and the days without trimming, was staring at him, eyes brown and wide. Tony blinked, confused, and shifted, leaning his back against the boulder. He drug his injured arm with him, moaning in discomfort as he did so.
Tony’s breaths came in hitches and the tears flowed harder as he pressed his head firmer against Steve’s. “There’s nothing. I don’t think I will ever be helped. Just... hold me.”
Weight hits her back, driving her to her knees. She burns the jets, then abruptly slams the stabilizers, jerking her to a stop. The momentum carries Steve right over her shoulders and flings him off. He twists like a cat in the air, lands on his feet, perfectly set up for a double blast of repulsors. Two more smoking holes appear in his tactical vest, the skin red and raw and smoking beneath as he picks himself back up off the floor.
“I did,” Phil says, sits in the chair in front of Toni’s desk, and takes a sip of his own. He immediately has to fight not to let any number of filthy moans out of his mouth when the flavor bursts across his tongue. He should have known Toni would have orgasmic coffee in her private office. It’s difficult, but he manages to hold them all in. “This is good,” he says, proud at how mildly polite his tone comes out, and takes another sip.
One halting step towards them leads to another, and then Toni’s smothered in arms and hands, the tickling brush of long hair and the tang of leather armor and sun-warmed metal, chins digging into shoulders and awkwardly grasping fingers pulling at already sore muscles, but it doesn’t matter, because there’s nothing but joy singing through her soulmarks.
“Good. Now… Close your eyes, sweetheart,” Bucky says, and turns his head to rest his cheek against her hair. “Been a rough day, and you’re on overload. I gotcha. You can let go.”
be lucky. I’d have a hell of a lot of fun tearing through their oversized hot air balloon. Now I’m kinda hoping it leads me to the Helicarrier, so I can punch holes in the hull. Maybe that’s something else that’s worrisome. Hey, you’d stop me, right J, if I went all supervillain and started shooting holes in the Helicarrier?”
but I’ll give you points for getting it close.” Her face softens, her voice grows less sharp. “Dr. Cho is just about ready. Toni’s going to be undergoing treatment in a few minutes. I thought I’d come see if you wanted to be there. You know, moral support for both your soulmates?”
In the reflection, Steve moves into the doorway for a moment, as if he’s peering in at Tony, and his shoulders go whipcord tight, but he keeps his head down until Steve turns back to his aide, until Tony can’t see any part of him anymore. Until he’s completely out of sight.
“Thumb drive,” Clint cuts in helpfully, sliding it towards her. “I pulled it all off the Helicarrier servers myself, Carol. Scans of the Phoenix Five, scans of Tony before
“Nothing in particular, ma’am. I apologize if I startled you. I simply wished to express my relief and gratification that you are doing well.”
his twitter account, let alone think it a good idea to hit send, but he ruthlessly chokes them back. It’s none of his business. It really isn’t.
“That’s the one.” Steve’s back to smiling again. “Maybe we should take a page out of their book, see how that goes. I don’t want to fight with you anymore, Tony. It never leads anywhere good.”
“I understand,” Rhodey says, and Toni thinks that the warm, soft tone means that he’s telling the truth. “You know where I am when you are. G'night, Toni.”
said a deeper, unfamiliar voice, and a man bigger than a jotun loomed out of the dark. His hand came down on her, gentle, so gentle, and she howled as the agony of untold lives crashed down on her, grinding her apart, tearing her into molecules, into stardust, and as she fell into nothing, six gems gleamed, glowing bright and virulent, until all that was left was their light in the dark.
“No,” she replies, because she always refuses. Then, grudgingly, “Probably. But I’m here, I’m present. I haven’t had coffee. So I’d really rather not right now.” She shifts and burrows tighter in a ball. “How was Bolivia?”
Toni’s memory is excellent, she never fails to recall a single thing. Even the things she might like to forget, like the look on Daddy’s face that day just after her fourth birthday and he catches her in his workshop building her very first, fully-functional circuit board (
Toni pulls and pushes the blue lights, bringing elements from one set of programming to another, stitching together her coding fluidly. “It’s a novel experience,” she says. “I mean, I’ve been angry, and I’ve been furious before. I flip my shit on Clint and his apple-theft eighteen times a week. I threaten to kill people a lot. I’ve
“Good,” she grumbles. “See that you do.” She pushes away from his arm, and looks blearily around her workshop. It's disturbingly empty, only stocked with the very basics. She hasn't had time to properly equip any of the rooms in the Tower yet. JARVIS isn't even online yet, is still busily uploading himself onto the servers, because while it had always been her intention to shift everything to the Tower, it hadn't been planned for weeks to come. She thought she'd have more time.
Toni’s vision shimmers with sudden tears, and she wonders when she ever did the miraculous thing that rewarded her life with the presence Natasha and Clint. She turns her hand under Natasha’s, laces their fingers together, lets her hair fall over her eyes. “I don't know what I would do without the two of you,” she says quietly.
Bucky reaches out, sets his hand gently over Clint’s face, then shoves him backwards, through the door and back into the room. “Two smoking hot women in your bed, and you're out here trying to impress me. You're greedy, Barton.” Humor drops from his voice as his hand falls back to his side. “Take care of her, huh?”
Rhodey runs a hand down his face. “More of the same, Tones. They want to take apart the suits, put them back together, keep us away from ‘outside influence not contracted by the military’.” He makes air quotes with his fingers. “I told them that, after the Hammer disaster, I’ll let the suit fall to pieces around me before I let anyone but you fiddle with it.” Toni feels a lump form in her throat. She knows all of this, trusts in all of it, has faith in Rhodey and Carol’s friendship, but it’s quite another thing to hear it in a room full of her friends.
It’s a little frightening how all three of them are managing to wear the same expression, stone-faced poker player. Especially Clint, who rarely manages to conceal anything he’s feeling from her, is wearing the blandest, most neutral expression she’s ever seen.
He pulls back, flushed and breathing raggedly, cups her face in his hands before smoothing them over her back, ending with a sharp tug at her waist to pull her firmly against him. A soft whine resonates in the back of her throat. “Doesn’t matter,” he says, and she probably shouldn’t find that possessive tone such a turn-on, but it never fails to set her trembling. He bends, pushes the hem of her yoga tank top down with his chin and presses a soft kiss to the soulmark. “You’re mine. I’m yours. Everything else is negotiable.”
expression, she doesn’t think, she just reacts. She settles one hand on his chest, over where her soulmark is hidden beneath his shirt, and the other slides soothingly up his back over his spine. Realizes quite suddenly that Steve is not Bucky when he stiffens in surprise. She blinks, and her hands freeze. “Uh…”
“Just bruised?” Something about that seems wrong, because she’s pretty sure that there was an entirely different, sharper pain in her side in that dark Russian hellhole. Toni gingerly presses a hand into her left side, feeling the tight bandage under her shirt, but the ache is dull. “You sure?”
There are two of him, no four, no, now there’s just the one, and Toni grinds the heel of a hand into her eye. “Shit,” she mutters, feeling the trembling in her arms, the wheeze of her lungs, the sharp twinge in her chest, the inconsistent flutter of the arc reactor. “Fucking concussion. Fucking Hydra. I shouldn’t have come here.”
He laughs when Clint just gives him a flat look and pings his bottle cap off Tony's forehead. “Seriously, Stark. Why are you here? We haven't spoken since the trial. And you weren't particularly friendly then.”
Rage chokes his throat, steals his breath, his sight. This will never be who Captain America is, not so long as Tony has the ability to do something about it. And he does.
“If your father were alive,” he growls, leaning forward a little more with tight shoulders and a dark scowl.
Tony hangs in the air above everyone, floating in a shifting cloud of amorphous fire,  stretching out with every sense he possesses -- technopathic, telepathic, physical, all of them at the same time -- and waits for Kobik to show herself.
“Miss Potts expressed her desire that you be given space while in the Cradle, ma’am. She was quite intimidating. Per your standing directives, whenever someone successfully frightens Natasha, I have archived a recording of the event for you to watch at your convenience. They have instead gathered in the den to celebrate your felicitous return from injury.”
He’s heard the stories, passed down in his family, rumors and legends of famous semi-mythical triads in history.
Agent Morse’s image animates, her voice low and urgent. “Director Fury, I am breaking radio silence to report that Hydra has somehow managed to get their hands on Captain America. They are in the process of breaking his loyalty, using subliminal protocols and an unknown drug to manipulate his mental state and turn him to their side. My intelligence suggests that they will soon send Captain America after an asset they lost, which is being kept at Stark Industries. I recommend immediate recovery and extraction. My cover is intact. Co-ordinates to follow.”
Pep. What ever happened to your hardcore ‘I don’t care if I ever meet my soulmate, I’m too busy to bond with them’ attitude?”
Under Steve’s palm, Toni’s heartbeat slows. She goes statue still, but Steve can feel the fine tremor still shaking her to pieces inside. The cold leaching in, her skin paling slowly, and he can’t help but flash back to that horrible night he found her dreaming of the ice. He can all but hear the silence shutting down her mind, can almost see her drifting away into the dark.
Clint doesn't look down, doesn't look at Bucky or Natasha, just stares straight ahead with a pleasantly neutral smile. “That's because I do. I've been told that reaching for lethal weapons when anxious is antisocial and dangerous, but hey, everyone has to have a security blanket.”
On the bright side, he has a week before he’s due back to let Toni convert Lola’s engine to accept reactor tech in place of Howard Stark’s brilliant-but-antique systems. Plenty of time to figure out how to tiptoe around this particular caffeine-fuelled minefield.
Carter doesn’t start, or jump, or look guilty, or look surprised. Her face is utterly schooled. Toni snorts to herself; a schooled expression is a tell all on its own. Carter’s good, but Toni lives full-time with the reigning empress of microexpressions. Carter’s
She impacts off the corner of an intersecting hallway, and winces as she feels the armor crunch, hard enough to squeeze the air out of her lungs. Her HUD careens wildly, screeching information, threat assessments, searching for targets, calculating damage reports. “Stealth mode,” she wheezes, spots dancing before her eyes.
“Our honeymoon-“ Steve and Tony responded at the same time, glancing at each other before breaking out into forced grins.
Tony, having downed his first olive martini, moved brusquely over to the mini-bar and inspected his options, finger pointing at each label as he moved across the row of alcohol bottles. Finally, he settled on some
The fire had died out. He frowned, disappointed in himself for letting it do so. Grabbing sticks, he began to try to light it again. He rubbed them together in attempts to create a spark, but the friction was not successful.
He sniffled occasionally and muttered small words asking for Steve to respond to him. His crying seemed to worsen the dehydration that was already taking its toll on him and he soon found himself crazy for water. When he finally stopped crying enough to stand, he noticed the tree line that laid before him. There were coconuts on the tops of the trees, but none on the ground, which he normally would find interesting but couldn’t give a rat’s ass about now.
He slowly pulled his hand from where it attached to Tony’s, a frozen layer of sweat between the appendages causing his hand to stick. He pulled firmly and with a snap, they separated.
Steve nodded, setting his lips in a thin line, and walked away. Thought he didn’t trust that Tony would be alright and, despite their altercations, sat on a nearby rock, facing away from the mechanic.
“’Sup buddy. Hey, I know you are just now entering the system, but can you hack into any of the other onboard suites’ speaker systems? This mission is easy peasy, Cap. Seriously, with JARVIS we can figure out where Kang’s guys are in a matter of minutes.” Tony looked over the rim of his sunglasses and smirked. “Then, we get to call S.H.E.I.L.D., have them come get these bastards, and
“Hey, say, can we never do that whole bit in a collapsed bunker again? That wasn’t fun. The whole bone setting thing and freezing to death thing is a bit hazy for me, but I don’t think it was too fun either…” Steve stood up, leaned over the stammering man, and slowly pressed his lips to Tony’s.
“Don’t be. We will figure it out and JARVIS will be alright. He is probably back at the mansion now alerting SHEILD to our lack of communication.” Tony smiled a little and nodded, seemingly sad to lose his AI.
In the distance, Steve could hear people being awoken from the anti-toxin and breathed a sigh of relief that at least Bruce had done his job and had successfully imitated a useful form of the liquid. The recovering individuals seemed to be confused, which was only worsened as they witnessed what was, in their eyes, a super hero thrashing about like a maniac as doctors performed open abdominal surgery on him.
Thanks for being patient with me as I updated this! I know it took forever... new job and trying to finish the good ole thesis takes a lot of my time these days.
Tony had raised his head and looked at Justin, rolling his eyes. “Can I at least have a coffee first? Maybe dinner if a coffee date is too cordial for you?” His eyes narrowed, glanced at Steve, and then shot venom towards the villain.
The genius’s blue eyes were intoxicating, and Steve found himself lost in them for a moment. The moment was over as soon as he smelled the liquor on Tony’s breath.
On this day, they were using it as soap. Tony had slid off his pants with one functioning hand and proceeded to self-consciously cover his genitals with nearby leaves. Steve returned with the seashell container and kneeled by the water.
They talked about everything, ranging from the drink specials to politics (bad idea), and on every point, Tony and Michael disagreed. It became heated several times, Patricia and Steve exchanging apologetic, albeit worried, glances.
Tony struggled as his feet dangled above the ground, gasping for air as the knife-like fingers dug into his throat and cheekbones. His dark brown eyes begged Steve to help him.
Billie was the boulder in the corner by Tony. Billie was yet another reason why Steve thought he might be going crazy; he named a boulder and often talked to him like he would an old friend. Reminiscing of the past. Talking about Tony. Looking forward to a future where he would be saved by his teams. Billie never responded… he was a good listener.
Angry, Steve leaned forward and shoved Tony, only this time the opposing man went flying backward with a scream. Steve had underestimated his own power.
These emerging feelings exacerbated the anger that Steve had for himself. During the soldier’s fitful rest during the previous night, he kept thinking of sharing the bed with Tony. Those thoughts would move into Tony accidentally touching him, then intentionally touching him, followed by things that made Steve blush from his head to his toes. The sex closet
He glared at the story Tony chose to formulate for this conversation, “But at least that was better than the time you threw up a whole burrito on the couch.”
Steve could barely open his eyes with the light streaming in through the window sheers. He sat up slowly, rubbing his eyes and wrinkling his nose to clear the inflammation caused by his minimal hours of sleep. It had to be around 10 in the morning by the way the sun angled into the living room.
The arm looked like It had three breaks in it, two along the forearm and one right beneath his bicep. There were two gashes that bone protruded from and Steve was immediately concerned for infection. The infection would only become worse if the pieces of bone were left where they were: they would have to be reset.
“His heart is beating, but barely. No respiration.” Clint made hand signals and soon a helicraft flew down, setting down what was nearby judging from the thrumming sound of the propellers.
I was originally going to make this 3 chapters, but I will be adding a fourth to finish the story up. Look for it over the next few days. Thank you everyone!
The smaller man rolled his eyes, turned on his heel, and began to walk up the stairs. The walk eventually turned into crawling, slipping, and then cussing out the stairs. Tony laid face down on the stairs “Mmmfh shlep hur.”
Steve began to look into Tony’s eyes and breathing deeply in attempts to calm the man. His warm hand rose and fell with each of Tony’s breaths and after a few moments, the breathing had slowed and Tony found himself sleepy from the sudden endocrine change.
“Put your shirt on, “Tony flung the blue article off of him and onto Steve’s lap, “that will help… nngh.” Tony fell to his side, supporting himself on his good arm. He looked down and noticed several bloody spots dotting his torso.
Steve swallowed his pride- and fear- and confidently grabbed Tony’s arm before pulling him backwards, spinning him around, and facing him with a soft smile. “I know that it’s been a hard and awkward last couple of days… but I am having a fun time. Please talk to me.” The latter statement was said softly and with downcast blue eyes.
After a brief glance among them, they turned, locked arms, and walked down the closed ramp to the ID scanner that allowed them to enter port. Halfway down the walkway, the metal covering opened to reveal a bright, shining sky. The sun blared down on Steve’s shoulders and he couldn’t help but close his eyes into half-moons and smile in happiness.
Justin could feel Tony’s tight heat surrounding him and the defeated air surrounding him was intoxicating. He felt strong, powerful, and dominant as Tony’s walls clenched, the cramped friction rubbing the head of his penis in just the right way.
Hammer reached up and slapped him across the face hard. “Disgusting whore.” He spat into Tony’s face.
“Didn’t mean it… just needed to distract you.” Another snap and the ulna was aligned. The radius was going to be difficult, Steve thought. The shards of bone were overlapping, the muscles acting like a rubber band around the break; he would have to pull the arm to set it. Steve raised up and sat on the other end of Tony’s arm, hands clasping his swollen appendage.
“Your ID, sir.” He held out an unamused hand while Steve rummaged in his pockets and pulled out the tiny piece of plastic. The man ran it through the scanner before a piercing beep rang out. “Your ID will not let you access this port. Go to customer service.”
“YES, TONY?!” He called, continuing the habit from his dreams, before calming and seeing what was occurring before him.
“The way you two act, it’s hard to distinguish you from lovers. This little shit sat up here sniffling like a wounded babe until I got here. I knocked him a good one… so hard that maybe he will forget who you are Captain Rogers.” The villain’s voice was thick with an accent, although Steve couldn’t tell which. Captain came out as
Tony closed his eyes and tried to rest before Hammer came back. He wasn’t a praying man, but he at least hoped that SHEILD was coming to rescue them soon.
“You are having a panic attack, Sir. I will let Captain Rogers in now to administer medical help, per order execution 564.”
They were standing on the ceiling, the angle between the water surface and the mid-line of the ship increasing second by second. Both of their shoes had been thrown off long ago. They were on the bottom level of the ship, which was now the level closest to the water’s surface seeing as they were upside down. The ceiling was raising like the high end of a see-saw and the men were having to angle themselves, half crawling, to push forward towards a set of upside down stairs that, when right side up, should’ve lead to the upper decks.
“There should be an escape hatch somewhere, about two levels above…er….below us? But that is only an estimation since I am not 100% sure where we are right now…”
Steve looked up from his wood pile where he had been staring for about 5 minutes, thoughtless. He swallowed and looked at the tangled mess that was the mechanic’s left arm.
“Open wide!” Hammer took his fist and dramatically shoved it into the side of the genius’s ribs, earning a muffled cry and clenched eyes.
He didn’t know how long he was staring for, but pretty soon a face was hovering above his, lips moving but Tony couldn’t make out the words. He could barely make out the face but discerned that it must be Steve from the worried blue eyes that were inspecting him.
The rocks ended a few feet behind him and met softly worn sand and seashells. It would have been a beautiful landscape if not for Tony’s situation and the fact that the whole beach was littered with wood, random pieces of technical instruments, and a dozen or so dead bodies.
Steve Rogers was proud when he finally found out what had transpired while he and Tony were in Hammer’s clutches. The reverse was true when the citizens found out that Steve had grabbed the anti-toxin from the abandoned missile silo where the two men were kept captive.
“Tony!” Steve shouted, knowing that his next step, besides getting out of the chamber, was to get the genius. The pain of shouting was almost too much for Steve and he coughed violently, blood spittle staining the metal surface nearest him.
Steve was the first to break eye contact, apologizing as he slid by Tony and pushed himself into the entryway. “Alright… let’s get you up to bed. Can you make it upstairs and wash yourself up?”
He went into a sort of stupor. Listening to the waves crashing on the shore and the bugs buzzing around. His lids felt heavy and began to lower and he slid into slumber soon after. Light danced behind his eyes as sun shot through gaps in the frond ceiling and he parted his lips slightly to allow for shallow breaths to escape his mouth in puffs.
Tony cried, tears staining the dirt beneath him and pushed himself up with his good arm. “Steve...” he swallowed between gasps.
The figure went completely still and then a muffled “…Tony?” came back in response. Tony could hear how nasally Steve’s voice was due to the nasal inflammation from the gun strike. “Are you okay? What’s going on? Do you know where we are?”
At least that is what he told himself. He had dreamed of this moment. Not the whole injury part or the little hope of rescue before he froze to death part… but holding Tony. Being able to breathe him in. Despite the grime and sweat and the whole damn shitty situation, Tony smelled like sandalwood and vanilla. His sweaty curls brushed against Steve’s nose and he smiled softly, burying his nose into the dark strands in welcome.
“Tony… tony stay with me.” He shone the gauntlet onto Tony’s now slack, unconscious face. Beads of sweat were formed on the mechanic’s upper lip and forehead. They dripped down and mixed with the blood caked along his brow.
Steve gasped as his head popped out from the bag and his lungs filled with fresh air. He opened his mouth to speak as his eyes darted around the room, but one of Hammer’s stooges quickly forced a gag into his mouth, silencing him. His eyes finally settled on the beaten form of his lover, taking in Tony’s various bruises and bloody wrists. Steve clenched his fists and turned his gaze angrily to Hammer.
The super soldier blinked slowly, methodically, as the gears behind his eyes chugged along. A firm determination set into the lines on his face and he reached out a gentle hand, stroking Tony’s good shoulder. “It’s going to be okay. I will keep us safe.”
What was above the water’s rocking surface didn’t bode much better than what had been inside the ship. The sky above clamored as lightning splashed across a dark background and thunder rumbled. The waves roared as they swelled to threatening heights before washing away everything in their path.
He looked down at the throbbing mass and inwardly cursed, the image bringing tears to his eyes. His arm was a mangled and broken mess still, made worse by the water and its symbiotic bacteria that now infiltrated Tony’s open wounds. The wounds oozed and were surrounded by bright red swells of inflammation and blood. Tony set his arm gently in his lap and looked outward.
He crawled into the pallet behind Tony and nestled up against him. Despite his throbbing balls being unreleased, he felt comfortable. Better than he had in weeks. He just hoped Tony wouldn’t regret it when they woke up.
you with the same shit you have done to me and anything that you have done to him! I have a lot of shit at my disposal, do-not-doubt-my-words!”
Alphonse was clear of any tattoos. Clear of body hair too. Tony nodded in admiration as he scanned the man’s muscular body up and down over the tops of his sunglasses. When Alphonse turned and walked away with a quarter of the glasses and Steve’s new drink order, Tony looked at Steve and smirked. “Alphonse is… like caramel. Like a little French, caramel nougat. That I want in my mouth. Can he be our personal bartender?”
But that apparently was not the villain’s main intentions, as he reached around under Tony, cupping his ass and squeezing gently, prying the cheeks apart. He slapped the round flesh harshly, earning a sharp glare from Tony and pursed lips.
Every time this would start, Steve would always try to console Tony. He wanted nothing more than to run over to him and cradle him, to protect him from Hammer.
“I tried rebooting him multiple times with no success. My tablet was also screwed with; I can’t even run through the software to figure out what time JARVIS went down. I connected my spare system too and it’s like my whole tablet went haywire.” Genuine confusion was splayed across Tony’s face.
Clint slumped back into his wheelchair and contemplated rolling out of the room, instead settling for another sip of coffee to avoid any unnecessary, middle-of-the-night drama. Bruce nodded in understanding, seemingly relieved.
Steve pursued his lips and avoided looking at or speaking to Tony the remainder of the time. He focused his brain on trying to get them out of their predicament. He strained against the bars holding him. Tried wiggling his fingers to see if they could slip between his flesh and the restraints. Nothing worked, but Steve wasn’t the type to give up easily, so he kept trying until exhaustion overtook him and he found his head sagging in the black plastic folded around his neck.
Various sentences left his mouth, all offering different things to his captors in exchange for Steve’s safety. Twenty minutes passed, and Steve’s screams grew louder and louder, pain seeping behind every cry. Tony’s throat grew even more hoarse as his begging and his pleading turned desperate.
Thank you all for reading! I am not very good at the whole comfort part to hurt/comfort.... so I apologize for that. But I love you all and I am so thankful for each of my readers and their kind words! Please leave a comment or kudo if you liked the story. I am sure I will have more Tony angst and whump coming up soon. Currently my story, The Honeymooners, has some good angst and beat up of both boys, so feel free to check that out.
Suddenly, a hardness took over Steve’s heart. Responsibility weighing on his shoulders. Tony would have to deal. The water filtration was more important for his and Tony’s health.
Tony’s eyes rolled into the back of his head as each stroke brought him closer and closer to finishing into Steve’s palm. When his eyes would roll back down, he would trail over Steve’s broad, hairless chest and his abs, glistening with the sweat from their intimacy.
Tony’s breath came out in a relieved woosh before he relaxed, shoulders falling and neck muscles releasing. “Yeah. Yeah, I am. I sound like a nut… but I am terrified, Steve.”
Steve held Tony on his abdomen and rolled onto his back in an attempt to float the two of them. He slapped the side of Tony’s face gently, but the man was unresponsive. Steve blinked and fought back tears.
strange….” Tony laughed at his own joke and was obviously the only one doing so. A joke about not being Steve’s mother but willing to be his daddy popped into his head, but due to recent circumstances, Tony decided to keep it to himself.
He covers July. Toni’s birthday is in May. Clint’s is January. Bruce, if Steve can talk him into it, covers December. How Pepper knows Natasha’s birthday is in November, he’s a little afraid to ask, because even her official SHIELD file doesn’t list that information. Pepper slipped her own name onto the list to cover February, with a sidebar stating it’s to keep Clint from complaining that, as an archer, he should be Cupid. And she helpfully points out that James Rhodes, Toni’s best friend who he still has to officially meet face to face, has a birthday coming up in October.
Footsteps thunder in the hall, voices calling excitedly, yells back and forth that echo and rebound through his ears. He tenses, crouching on the floor like an animal, head swinging back and forth until he locates the door. He is all instinct now, tight and ready to bolt the moment he has an opportunity.
Sweat pops in chilly beads on his forehead with the effort, and his eyes burn. Hot, tight knots of emotion hammer at him from either mark, fear and panic and arousal and a whole bunch of other things too tangled to name scratching across his suddenly-raw nerves and clenching around his lungs. It’s never been this strong before, from either of them. Jesus fucking Christ, have they lost their shit completely and are finally trying to kill each other?
He closes his eyes, splashes more water on his face, and reaches for the white towel hanging on the rack. The nurse, to check his vitals. “I’ll be out in a moment, ma’am,” he calls. Debates not going out at all, because he doesn’t want more pressure cuffs or questions checking his memory. He doesn’t want the injections Fennhoff prescribed to help with the nausea and the headaches. Doesn’t want more blood drawn.
The sink goes on, a glass fills, and Clint drinks it all in a single pull. Natasha is silent, and so is Bucky, mostly because he wouldn’t know what to say even if they both walked out and saw him standing there right this second.
“It happened,” Peggy says softly. “To the first Captain America. Steve, he died almost seventy years ago.
She nods and, because he still looks a little uncertain, lifts her head and presses her lips to his, soft and quick. “Come kiss me again,” she says, nestling her head back down. “Just don’t expect your job title to change. I don’t need a kept man. I need a personal trainer.”
The man breaks into a smile. “Excellent,” he says. “I’m impressed with your work. You have managed to salvage the situation Agent Sitwell came perilously close to destroying. I will remember to make mention of that in my report to the Councillor.” A pause. “Is he mission-ready?”
Phil thinks about Toni, asking for help, begging for him to call the shots. He’d known what she meant when she said
), blinking heavily to try and clear the grit from her eyes. She props her hand on her chin, elbow on the desk, and lists to the left as she watches the progress bar of the diagnostic program running on her code – the most complex code she has ever written – creep towards completion. She’s too tired to turn her head, so she paws around her desk for her coffee cup, finds it the fifth or sixth uncoordinated plop of her hand onto the desk, and slides her fingers through the handle. It’s weighty enough to still contain coffee, so she lifts it to her mouth and drains it in one long swallow.
Phil Coulson doesn’t consider himself a violent man. He’s a reasonable guy, able to think about the big picture while still attending to the little details. He’s capable of violence, of course, because it’s part of his job. But it isn’t his first reaction. He doesn’t reach for his gun the minute things go pear-shaped. He doesn’t panic when an operation goes south. He relies on cool, rational thinking to keep himself and the men and women under his command alive. It’s one of the many reasons he is considered by most of his colleagues to be the best handler SHIELD employs (though he, self-effacing, always says he’s just doing his job to the best of his abilities).
“When he came to the Malibu house, he gave her a file he said had the information she wanted and then took advantage of that to try and kill her
She waves over her shoulder as she rounds the corner and walks into her room. And stops dead, because James Barnes is sitting on the edge of her bed. He’s clean, and in Clint’s sweatpants and a black tank top, barefoot and hair tied back, and looks hellaciously stiff and uncomfortable.
His stays in the chapel grow longer, and he spends the time between his customary prayer and his eventual departure with his sketchbook in his lap, humming hymns and detailing faces and locations in dark, thick, smudged lines. Sometimes there are other people when he arrives, kneeling or sitting in silence, and he always tenses up, unhappy and disquieted, until he’s certain they’re not there for any reason but their own.
“NO.” Tony screamed this time as he went into a full panic attack. His chest seized, arms curled around his body, and shoulders began quaking.
They were taking turns torturing the two of them. Which Tony decided may actually be more torturous for him than physical torture. He couldn’t stand the mental images running through his mind: Steve getting beaten, Steve getting cut, Steve with a broken arm. His heart, beating rapidly, felt like it was going to fall out of his chest. So, he took a chance and cried out again. Cried out anything coming to his mind.
So, basically it was now 4 in the morning, they had learned nothing, and Tony was singing and overcorrecting his balance as he attempted to dance. Fortunately, the rooms lining the hallway seemed to be semi-soundproof, as no one had come out to yell or complain at them.
The bartender laid their tumblers down on the counter and slid them along salt and ice, each man catching the glass in their hands. They were impressed by the finesse of the bartender. It was rare that a man behind the bar would actually try to show off anymore; mostly they just handed you your drinks, took the tip, and moved onto the next customer without any flash or pizzazz.
As soon as he grabbed Tony’s wrist, below which was the first break, Tony’s eyes clenched shut and large tears began pouring out of them. Tony moaned from behind closed lips, sheen thick along his brow. His eyes opened slowly and looked straight into Steve’s.
Words were coming in and out of his head now, but they were still garbled and Tony couldn’t put them into a coherent sentence.
“I’ll give you the suit! I have what you want! You can have me, just let him go! I have a new technology that would prove very useful to you or Kang or whoever the fuck you bastards are!”
Hammer ignored him and walked over to Tony. Tony’s eyes followed him weakly and he parted his lips as if to speak.
“You are gonna have to bust that window and swim. I will be a bit slower, but I will be close behind okay?” Steve recognized Tony’s bluff and wrapped his arm around the smaller man’s waist.
The man glared at Tony, then Steve, and then at the people who had stopped playing their games and were staring at the drama. The man dropped Patricia’s wrist forcefully. Patricia gingerly rubbed at it and looked down, seeming defeated and embarrassed by the ruckus. The man was still staring down at Tony, awkwardly close, and Tony thought for a moment that the guy was going to punch him in the face.
He hurt and was hungry and thirsty, but he could barely focus on his own pains. Tony had been rotated so that he was facing the front of the room and Steve positioned to his right. Tony had spoken some, but barely, and when he did speak his voice was hoarse and phlegmy, as if he still had Hammer’s solution stuck in the recesses of his throat. Tony had made subtle jokes about their predicament, but Steve knew that there was inner turmoil within him and that he was trying to mask the fear, the pain, and the shame with a plucky attitude.
“Obviously my first attempt at shutting you up by shoving my cock in your pretty mouth wasn’t enough. Perhaps instead of fucking you senseless right off the bat, we’ll have some masochistic fun first.”
He moved his eyes upward from the mess and, as Tony’s form spun to face Tony against Steve, saw the man’s eyes, open and unblinking. Tony was in a daze, unresponsive to Steve’s stare. The super soldier could have sworn he was dead were it not for the shallow breathing coming from between the man’s shivering, blue lips.
“POWER DOWN JARVIS.” Tony heaved and subsequently shoved Steve’s hand off of his chest. He twirled around in his chair, facing away from the super soldier and steepled his hands together, head at the center.
The area around the door was quiet and almost serene, with all of the outdoor agents rushing to meet the other Avengers. Snowflakes softly settled on the ground beneath him as he checked over his shoulder to ensure that there were no enemies at his back before leveling his arm perpendicular with the door.
Tony’s body slumped towards the ground, clearly unable to support itself, but before it could, Steve’s strong arm had wrapped around his waist. His hand was still holding the dirty rag against Tony’s torso, but Steve couldn’t help but lighten the pressure when the smaller man started gasping for air.
They played, unaware and lackadaisical, as three figures watched them from the shadows cast on the far side of the pool deck. The figures appeared to be studying the men and as a malevolent smiled spread across the center figure’s face, it was apparent that malicious intent was directed towards the two superheroes.
Steve lowered back down and whispered into his ear, “No one can hear you… moan for me.” Tony’s member throbbed harder at the request.
Brahn stared at him with the same lackluster face before swiping Tony’s card and having the same piercing sound fill the air. “You both need to go to customer service.”
Tony screamed, throwing his head back with his eyes fluttering in pain. Steve began to walk, and Tony calmed down, eyes settling on the strong jaw of his rescuer.  The man looked down into Tony’s eyes causing the mechanic to smile and subsequently pass out.
Steve smiled lightly at Tony’s sarcasm, the only positive thing from this whole experience. Steve looked exhausted. Like he just wanted to fall over and sleep for days on end, but Tony knew he wouldn’t.
He charged the man without his usual calm demeanor and tact, giving his enemy an advantage. The pig-faced man was better at hand-to-hand combat than his predecessors that Steve had fought, thus Steve was struck solidly in the face by a steel-toed boot. He spun and saw stars.
“I’m peachy keen, honey. You’re the one who just got smacked in the face by Sir Dicks a Lot.” Tony paused at Steve’s exasperated sigh to Tony’s always present ability to make fun of desperate situations. “Wish I could take a look at your nose, but I am a bit tied up right now. Are you hurt anywhere else?”
As he had made his way through the woods, he left himself markings on how to get back to Tony. There were various broken limbs and gouges in the tree trunks that helped guide his way.
Steve rolled onto all fours and speedily crawled towards the man, smiling every moment. “You’re awake!”
“Although it would hurt Tony a lot if I split your ass with my fist, hm?” The words were spoken as if they were a promise and Tony yanked forward, his shoulders pulling taut against the bondage, and let out a guttural growl.
The trees were thick and their canopies were very lush, causing the inner part of the woods to be very dark compared with the shore. He could still see fine, but the atmosphere gave him a strong sense of foreboding and not knowing what dangers lie in the woods made him even more uneasy. He brandished a large stick with a sharp end, holding it out like a sword as he made his way along the forest floor.
“Hello?” he croaked. He had barely gotten the word out before a hand slipped over his throat and squeezed tightly. The fingers were cold and hard.
The anti-toxin was used to wake Bruce up, who then recreated the anti-toxin with ease; Banner was disappointed that SHIELD hadn’t created it sooner. It had been 4 weeks of coma induced New Yorkers and only 16 hours to wake everyone up. Everyone but Tony.
“I was able to allocate two tickets to the digital shopping cart-“ Natasha smiled at Steve’s weird phrasing, “- I was thinking a honeymoon cover-up, so maybe Natasha and Sam? Natasha and myself? The cruise leaves at 5 PM which gives time for fake identity generation, passports, some packing, and mission prep.”
Steve squeezed the metal piece into his chest. At first all he could see behind his eyelids was a soft blue light. He thought maybe he had died from stress or shock and was finally meeting the good Lord above, but lid by lid he opened his left and then his right eye and saw a glowing orb in his lap.
Steve’s index finger slid along Tony’s chest, lining the moles and freckles. Tony shivered with the light touch and looked down at Steve’s large hand caressing him. He looked up into Steve’s eyes.
He had placed sea water in a pot that he had found on the shore; it boiled over the fire and steamed upwards, hitting a frond and slowly dripping off into another pot. The water would cool overnight and be ready for drinking in the morning…
Tony’s coughing eventually lessened, and he lowered himself slowly back down onto what he now noticed was a thick pad made from various articles of clothing. Steve had taken clothing out of either peoples’ luggage or, Tony shuddered, from peoples’ corpses. Hopefully the former.
Steve had not asked him to help re-bury their cruise-mates. He had just sat up and walked out, telling Billie he would return, and set to work. Now, Tony and Billie watched him, muscles rippling as he dug new holes.
Tony’s head had turned briefly around at first, interest piqued by Steve’s choice of ‘vulgar’ words. “I’ve been busy designing new tech is all.”
There were many arguments between them. They were short. One of them would become an emotional turtle, just hiding in their hypothetical shell, while the other was the aggressor and would give up trying to argue with their reserved opponent. The arguments never addressed their silence or the kiss (seemingly the root cause of the problem); they were arguments about being tired of fish or wanting more fronds on the roof to block out to sun or who was going to refresh their supply of coconuts. Stupid.
After a few tries, a splitting crack resounded and the coconut broke open, liquid sloshing out of it. Steve rushed back over to Tony’s side and held the coconut to his lips. “Here, drink.”
Eventually Fury had approached him and, in typical Fury fashion, verbally smacked Steve into calm submission. Fifteen minutes later, the Director had Tony on one of the few spare cots left, anti-toxin in the hands of the doctor, and nurses on their way from toxin victims and towards Tony’s more immediate situation. The bunks were stationed in a cleared out warehouse nearby the SHEILD headquarters, rows of army green cots filled with victims lining the floor.
“I am trying to make something to give us fresh water. I am going to put it over the fire to evaporate it and then catch the droplets. I saw it in a movie once. Some film with a friendly volleyball, I think.”
Tony looked a little flabbergasted as the AI alerted him to this hiccup. “You can’t be serious. A system so advanced that it will take you
I'm so sorry that this took me so long! I am in the midst of my Graduate Thesis, but wanted to add a quick chapter. I will be posting a new chapter soon to try and make it up to y'all. The next few chapters will be pretty dark to counteract the Stony fluffiness that has been going on, so be forewarned.
help with minor moments of panic and when his brain was running a million miles a minute… which was all the time but that was beside the point.
Tony choked on the sip of whiskey in his mouth and laughed, a little of the elixir spilling from between his lips. He wiped it clean with his bare arm as both men calmed their breathing, sighing with each exhale. “I mean, hawk….ostrich…I don’t see the difference.”
It was dark, but there was a soft hum and glowing orb in Tony’s vision. He wondered briefly if he died and the afterlife
He would wait. There would be a right time and when it happened he would destroy them… emotionally, mentally, and physically. This new found relationship would make it even more easy. They would wish they had never stepped foot onto that cruise ship.
He let the sheer fall from his hand and then made his way to the mini-bar, pulling a water bottle from the fridge and flipping it in his hand before snapping the cap off and guzzling. To the left of the minibar was a set of iron-banister stairs and Steve assumed that they led up to the master bedroom. He made his way up the stairs quietly and was immediately impressed with the master bedroom.
He shook, extremities tingling and eyelids threatening to spill the tears that they held back. Biting his lip, he rode the anxiety out, waiting until only his light sniffles and the slight ringing of the jarred chains filled the sparsity of the room.
Tony reached out with one arm and pulled himself up onto the ledge, quickly followed by Steve. Tony’s mind was moving a thousand miles a minute when he finally spotted an exit. It was a small window that would have been on the wall adjacent to the stairs but was now at the top of the tunnel like a hatch beckoning them forth.
Steve shined the light to Tony’s other arm and only saw a large rock setting in the way. “God…” Steve grimaced thinking of the mangled mess that must be the mechanic’s left arm. Tony had always had some problems with that arm, but now he
Justin had grabbed two items off of the table and walked back over so that he stood by Tony’s left oblique. “Most people think of torture as it having to be bloody to be painful. It is painful if it’s bloody… but also life threatening and I don’t have the time to waste on healing you up before beating you down again. Are you aware of pressure points Tony?”
the train of thought stopped and the events from the last few days played out in his mind in rapid progression, flashing from memory to memory until finally the storm and the shipwreck burned so brightly that he was forced to sit bolt upright screaming.
Okie dokie. One more chapter and then it shall be done. Thank you all for your comments and kudos; they are always appreciated!
He walked over to the table in the far corner and nodded towards his associates in some sort of confirmation. One of them went to some sort of locking mechanism on the wall and keyed in a code, a screen sliding up in its place. He pressed a button and the chains binding Tony’s arms and legs pulled even tighter, stretching Tony up so that he was hovering painfully off the ground, splayed out so that every part of him was fully exposed. He was having to support his neck solely from his back muscles and Steve could see his veins popping from gravity’s strain.
Steve was unconscious now and Tony had never been so glad for that. Selfishly, he didn’t want Steve to see him like this. He didn’t want him to see Hammer shove into him. He didn’t want him to see Tony unintentionally harden as Hammer slipped his mouth over Tony’s well-sized dick and deep throat the genius as he rolled his hips into Tony’s cheeks.
As he moved, Tony noticed a tattoo on William’s wrist. He was unable to determine what exactly it was, but it looked similar to a sword. He wanted to ask the waiter what it was, as he normally found tattoos pretty interesting, wanting to know the stories behind them and what they signified. Tony didn’t want to offend or embarrass William though, so he just smiled and denied anything additional that the waiter could offer.
“You royally pissed me off these last few weeks…” Steve said coyly, smirking at the irritation on his lover’s face.
After 5 minutes, he was dry and the fan shut off. Tony let out an audible sigh through chattering teeth. “I f-f-fucking h-h-ate you.” He managed to get out.
Tony’s comm crackled, “Tony, where are you? We have to beat these guys before we head in.” Steve sounded muffled as he groaned through his current battle with three armed soldiers.
morning since it’s after midnight?” Sam pursed his lips. The Captain sighed, brushed a hand along the back of his own neck, and exasperatedly smiled at him.
Steve teetered behind Tony, half from the instability of the ship and half from blood loss. There was a small ledge to their right created by a wall connecting to the ceiling. It could just barely fit two people but seeing as the ship’s angle was becoming more vertical, they would soon slip down their post on the ceiling like a slide or, if enough time passed, eventually just fall as if through an elevator shaft.
“I mean, after everything that I’ve been through, I wouldn’t rule out the occult. There is a God that leads the good, so it is likely that there is a big bad leading the bad and that sometimes, those bad things come to this world.”
Ultimately Tony’s gaze unwillingly settled on Steve’s groin and the soldier grinned at him. The grin lacked its usual bashfulness and was instead confident as Steve strolled over to Tony, fingering some fuzz off his shoulder.
.” The genius stood up haughtily, chucked his phone on the couch, and then walked over to Steve, extending his hand.
Air puffed from between his lips, “St-steve…. This is bad…. Nngh...” The genius raised his head one last time, until the shock wore him down and the back of his head thudded yet again against the cold concrete beneath it.
Mrs. Likart looked no better. She was suspended on the kitchen fan solely by her hair, scalp slowly pulling away from her skull. Her limbs were bent stiffly and strictly against their normal positions; knees bent backwards and elbows snapped in half.
Finally, Steve’s military prowess and experience kicked in and he began thinking more tactically. He needed to move them both away from the crackling debris that still crumbled from the rafters above them.
Tony’s thoughts were barely coherent and various sentences, jumbled and scared, flew through his mind. One word echoed repeatedly.
Hammer raised up and walked lackadaisically away from Tony and towards Steve. Tony wanted to call out and direct Justin back to himself but knew his arms competitor wouldn’t listen and wouldn’t care.
Steve almost argued but closed his mouth instead and nodded. “Let me build the fire first and see if I can find any-” he coughed uncomfortably “-tools on the shore.”
Steve noticed the covers pulling down on Tony’s chest. The dark hair that curled along his breastbone and the adorable freckles that dotted his pecs like constellations. Steve wanted to trace them. Found himself tracing them as Tony’s hacking slowed.
He blinked. His mouth gaped a little, half from the burning acidity settling into his taste buds and half because of his surroundings.
Steve needed another distraction. It may not help Tony very much, but it made Steve feel less guilty. Maybe it lessened the pain. He didn’t know. What he did know was that he couldn’t have any resistance from Tony and that he would have to do this very quickly to ensure the proper bone setting.
“Don’t change the subject from you. I’m fine. Super soldier with super healing, remember? What do you mean tied up? Like me in these wall restraints and a body bag?”
After the assorted martinis, shots, and cocktails that Michael had supplied, Tony was now stumbling in front of Steve through the halls and singing a song that Steve had never heard before. They had learned nothing of importance from Michael or Patricia, nor the various others that had surrounded them at the bar.
“No, Tony and I are not going on this mission together, no matter how entertaining the idea is. One of us needs to be here to monitor. Sam, I apologize for interrupting your beauty sleep but you know that a plan needs to be in place by tomorrow morning.”
Tony woke up a few hours later and, emotions dampened, he sat up. Staring blankly at the now setting sun in the horizon. It was beautiful. He thought that this would be a good way to die, staring at this sunset. He willed himself to kill over right now but found himself continuing to breathe. He looked down at his throbbing body that was itching from the sand caked onto it and wondered what he should do. He was a genius, but the shock and dehydration had worn his mind down to nothing. He was at a loss.
This chapter is extremely non-con and was hard to write. It isn't as long as the other chapters for this reason. Please be cautious when reading.
“He… raped him. Daily. Sometimes multiple times a day. Multiple times an hour. Sometimes with lube… sometimes without. He used toys. He used tools… once he used a hammer as if he thought it was a joke that it matched his name. He would bleed every time. He-… I couldn’t help him.”
Slowly, he felt Hammer’s hand slide ticklingly down his arm and then run across his wounded side. He bristled at the touch, both from nervous anticipation and from pain. Lips began to nibble at his sore neck and collarbone and Hammer’s tongue left trails of cold saliva across his bare nipples.
, just let me leave, Tash. Just let me get some distance so I can figure out how to live without him. I can’t do that here, I can’t…”
Hogan peers at him over the top of his sunglasses as he approaches the car. “All done, Captain Rogers?”
“Good, good,” she says, and turns back to the single holoscreen floating above the workbench. “I’m going to spend my time productively and finish the House Party protocol.” She sucks in a shaky breath, squeezes her eyes closed, crushes down on the utter fury and sheer murderous intentions throbbing at the base of her skull. “I’m going to spend my time productively,” she says grimly, “because if I spend it looking at all the structural damage and bloodstains and scattered weapons and the fucking
here since Toni’s mark first manifested on his skin all those long years ago. He risks squeezing her hand gently, and is rewarded when she squeezes back and smiles at him like he hung the moon.
There’s a sigh that almost sounds like a sob. “You didn’t know her when she wasn’t trying to drink herself to death before the palladium killed her,” Clint says tiredly. “You didn’t know her before Obadiah fucking Stane ripped her arc reactor out of her chest and left her for dead on the floor of her own fucking house. You didn’t know her before a bomb blew up in her face in Afghanistan, and she was tortured and beaten and fucking
Toni’d probably want to do her own punching, though. He keeps forgetting this is a time when the ladies want to look after their own slugging and slapping.
Steve replies with nothing but pure relief and absolute faith, and he holds Tony's hands tight in his own as Kobik’s lies turn to ash and stardust in the Phoenix fire surrounding them.
located the wreckage of an aircraft that fit the profile of the plane Captain Rogers was piloting when he disappeared in 1944. During the course of salvaging the plane, they also discovered what we thought were the remains of Captain Rogers.”
“That’s what happens when you let Hydra dick around with it,” Bucky replies, though not without sympathy. He knows better than most people what Steve’s going through right now. “Doc says you’ve got another day or so before all that shit’s out of your system. But you’re not talkin’ to people who aren’t there anymore. That’s something.”
Toni watches them, eyes flicking back and forth as they speak. She spins to look at Coulson and slings her arms around them, hugging each one possessively. “Phil, you can’t have them back. They’re adorable. I’m adopting them. They’re mine now. I’m going to hug them and squeeze them and give them labs and write them blank checks.”
“And then Obadiah fucking Stane broke her to pieces. SHIELD had already snatched me up. Apparently, being the soulmate of a really fucking rich businesswoman while also having the exact skills a covert organization needs for assassins is a thing they jumped at. I wasn’t even fucking home when she got taken, you know. I was in Beirut on some bullshit assignment. I heard about it two weeks after it happened. Cos fuck a soulmate needing to know their other half is missing. Why would I fucking need to know?”
“Good idea,” Clint says, and hunches into his hoodie, pulling the zipper to his chin. “Can we go do that then and get off the roof? This wind sucks.”
Obadiah chuckles and moves further into the room, setting his cigar down in one of the several monogrammed ashtrays Howard kept in easy reach. “You’re not upset Howard’s giving the company to your cousin then?”
, he wants to say, because he can still feel her pulse fluttering against his crushing grip. “Yeah,” he says instead, and hates himself for the weakness. He raises his head to watch her approach, seeing the bruises and the scrapes and the dark circles under her eyes. Sees the careful way she favors her left side, drowns in shame because he’s the reason she’s injured. He pulls his knees up to his chin, hugs his arms around them.
“I think so. They stuck me with something that’s fuzzing my head. Haven’t quite burned through it yet. They also did something to my arm. It’s dead.”
“Always,” Natasha says without hesitation, and her eyes search Bucky's face. Whatever she's looking for, she finds, because she gives him a satisfied nod.
“Let him know I’m on my way back, would you, J? There’s a good kid.” Just because she can, she engages in more aerial acrobatics on her way back to land, reveling in the intuitive response of the armor. “The drones will be in range in thirty seconds.”
She swipes it out of his hand and unscrews the cap. “Still can’t believe you put that under Hobbies and Skills,” she mutters, and tilts the bottle into her open mouth. “Not really the recommended wording for professional resumes, you know.”
“I get the feeling,” Fitz says quietly, “that the jog this morning with Colonel Danvers was not an anomaly.”
It’s not the first time Toni’s been certain of her own death. If she doesn’t get killed here, it’s probably not going to be her last. But she’s never been so
She slaps it back down on the desk, slightly gleeful to see Carter jump at the bang, and scrubs her face. “We're not doing this,” she announces. “I am officially off the clock as of
, only to have to rebuild him from the ground fucking up when she gets him home? Why can’t she have like, a cellist or a writer or a guy who’ll sit at home and look after the cats while she’s out conquering the known fucking world? Why does
not back then, anyway. Minute I saw him in that ridiculous fucking suit, it made sense. Guess the other makes sense now too.”
Toni skitters back, stepping into a defensive crouch and flipping the knife back to rest along her forearm. “Make a move, Terminator,” she snaps. She’s pretty sure Red Star can -- and will -- mop the floor with her, but she isn’t going to beg for her life and she isn’t going to give up. She’s going to go fighting.
“I know, I know.” She closes her eyes and regrets it immediately, because the world lurches to the right. She saves herself from falling only by flinging her hand out to catch the wall. Her ribs protest with a sharp twinge. She leans against the wall, faceplate pressing into the concrete, and concentrates on breathing through the waves of pain washing up her side. Her mind crunches the numbers, figures how long it would take Clint to fly her jet to Russia, how long it would take her to convince him to take one of her suits instead. Too long, too long. Where’s Rhodey? Afghanistan? Pakistan? Back home in the States? It’s been too long since she checked in with him. Not since War Machine had its last upgrades.
Toni smirks as she regains her altitude, watching the two drones plummet into the ocean. “How ‘bout that, kiddo? I killed two with one blow.”
“It would be my pleasure, Clint,” JARVIS says, and the far screen flickers on. Toni eyes the ceiling, eyes Clint, wondering if she should fear for her life with her AI and her…boyfriend? friend with benefits?... conspiring.
The speakers chirp and the desktop screen shifts accordingly. “Loading infomatic protocols. …Updating program. …Update complete. Unit technical designation: Just Another Rather Very Intelligent System, mark 1.0. Unit familiar designation: JARVIS. Unit primary purpose: to learn, to grow, to evolve. Unit secondary purpose: to monitor, protect and assist my creator Natasha Antonia Stark, also known as Toni Stark. Personality matrix installing. Installation complete. Integrating new paramaters. New parameters accepted. Reboot required. Rebooting.”
“Starting to get that,” Bucky says, then shakes his head in amusement. Wasn’t he just thinking he was going to have a quiet week with Steve and Toni gone? Looks like he spoke too soon.
He feels like he’s living in the stories of Edward Page Mitchell, carefully cut from the pages of old copies of
People wander in and out of his awareness, and eventually he starts recognizing faces as his body and senses finally begin the process of adjusting to the clamor and clang. He talks to some, answers questions, makes simple requests for books and writing materials when he feels like conversing.
“Good to know,” she says, and throws her arms out, palms down. “Do me a favor while I’m out, J. Go ahead and copy all of Bucky’s permissions, and overwrite them on Steve’s access. Skynet it.”
“You can’t fight your way out,” says a gruff voice over her shoulder, and Toni leaps nearly out of the suit. She unlocks the elbow of her armor, dumps the Winter Soldier onto the floor, dances back into a defensive position.
“I studied footage of you too, Toni,” he says quietly, and there's a look in his eye, a distant and angry look that sends chills down Toni's spine, even though she knows it's not directed at her.
. It’s obvious from the way his eyes bounce back and forth between them like he’s watching a tennis match, the increasingly ashen hue of his skin, the increasingly horrified widening of his eyes.
- Discussion of the aftermath of Toni's time in Afghanistan. Jealousy. Rage. Mentions of violence and aftereffects of Steve's mind-control.
“Not your fault,” she says, and crazily, she sounds like she believes that. She coughs again and clears her throat. “I should have gotten out of bed before you woke up. My mistake, not yours. You with me now?”
Tony grinds his teeth together. “For the last time,” he says with exaggerated patience. “Scans have been provided for you all to look over. If you do this very simple thing, we could put this Phoenix bullshit to rest once and for all. I
Out of her one good eye, she sees him clearly for the first time. The Winter freaking Soldier, face slack and blank and half hidden behind bloody hair streaked with dust. He crouches on her chest, pinning her wrists with his knees and keeping her flat on the floor with his right hand. She’s given him hell – he’s streaked with blood and looks dazed, if the way his eyes keep crossing are any indication – but he’s still fighting, and she’s out of options.
“I had to,” she says softly, unhappily. “One twitch, one shift, one flutter the wrong way, and you’re damaged in ways I don’t think even you can heal from.”
SHIELD, I don’t need Fury, I don’t need your goddamn business. I have clients falling all over themselves to contract for arc reactors, satellites, phones, and skinweave gel. If I never design
Toni is supposed to be learning etiquette, posture and appropriate presentation with Mrs. Jarvis while Mama entertains Howard's business guests, but Toni is running for the garden as if running for her life. She hates dresses and she hates making sure her shoulders are back and she hates having her hair brushed and she hates the thick creams and powders she’s supposed to know how to use on her face. It feels sluggish and wrong on her skin, and wearing makeup makes her feel like her face is going to crack. The only makeup she can stand to wear is the stick of concealer her mother taught her to use to cover the soulmarks below her collarbones after they manifested six months ago.
Clint arches an eyebrow and holds the bottle out to her. “Because I’m a born performer who’s circus-freak bendy and I’m
Steve moved to stand directly in front of his boyfriend, breathing along his neck and whispering into his ear“-you’ve never had a problem with it before.”
Grabbing the pressure washer, one of the men aimed the stream right for Steve’s crack and washed, laughing maliciously. He sprayed the water over the super soldier's body, welts forming much like Tony’s own and the genius cringed, tears welling in his eyes, as he remembered the feeling of the water pelting into his skin.
Tony, eyes on Steve, nodded slowly as if in a trance. Guilt for having caused lover’s pain and a potentially fatal wound washed over him. His eyes became half-lidded and he looked to his other side, away from both men.
Tony turned his head away from Steve in a sort of tantrum and grunted. Steve rolled his eyes, determining that if Tony was strong enough to be his normal, pain-in-the-ass, stubborn, childish self…. He was okay to be solitary for thirty minutes.
He groaned and slipped a hand over his eyes as the cloth floated down and landed on his head. If he laid here, just listening to the chirping and whistles, he thought maybe he could just die of dehydration happily.
One more curve and he was there. He raced up and skidded to a stop, right before the final edge of the meeting point. Or more accurately, right before Steve Rogers sitting on his motorcycle seat. The black beast was propped up on its kick stand and Steve sat gingerly on its leather seat, arms crossed and smirk plastered on his face.
Hammer’s cohorts set up a powerful fan and aimed it on Tony, drying him quick enough to ease Justin’s patience and slow enough that Tony felt like he was freezing as the water evaporated off of his skin. He shivered, trying to keep his body warm.
“Like someone broke my arm during torture, I fell out of a boat, and then laid shivering on a god forsaken beach for ten fucking years,” he rasped.
Tony smirked and tightened his tie on his neck. They had dinner in their suite tonight, catching up and cajoling as they hadn’t done for quite a while. Steve and Tony never really had the opportunity to hang out, just the two of them, so they reminisced about prior missions, as they had done in the pool, and talked about their pasts, finding things out about one another that they never knew.
Steve settled Tony down, peeling off his red, white, and blue top, balling it up, and placing it underneath the critically wounded man’s head. His fingers began to move through the air over the broken arm as he thought of what to do.
“For throwing your sand in my hole. I’ve been working out here by myself for an hour while you were playing housewife in the hut; I don’t need your help.”
“It’ll be okay…. It’ll be okay...it’ll be okay.” The mantra was repeated over and over as Steve’s panic attack worsened and then quelled over time. Eventually Tony was sewn up and Steve found himself sitting solemnly on an empty cot, tears soaking his pants and nails chewed down to his fingertips.
Steve was so enthralled into his task that he didn’t notice the small man behind him, limping towards him with a fixed, dead gaze. Tony began to lift smaller rocks with his good hand and chucked them away.
The lights in the penthouse snapped off and the only light was from the overlooked city several miles away.
Tony raised up, eyes watering from the lack of oxygen. He strolled over to the shelving and picked up a floppy purple piece of plastic.
It had been days. Maybe a week. Every day they would come in and scrub Tony down, welts and bruises dotting his body and only getting worse with each day that passed. He would always scream even though he would never speak to Steve when they were alone. He would cry. The henchmen would take the pressure washer and spray it into his mouth and face as he screamed and they would laugh at the sight of drowning him in the high-pressure wash.
The sun began to rise, casting once again deep oranges and yellows over the sandy shore. A few hermit crabs skittered across the mounds and fish began jumping from the waters, creating crystals in the sky as they settled back down into the ocean.
“Yes. I know. Go wild-but not too wild.” Steve waived Tony to go to the bar for drink orders while he inspected the casino. There were probably 150 people crammed into the small space playing slots and blackjack among other games. In the middle of the casino was a winding glass staircase, leading up to other venues and a 20’s themed speakeasy. Steve made a mental note to visit the speakeasy if he got a chance.
In his head he heard a light stirring. Imagined Tony waking up to look at him curiously. Imagined them on the ship the night of the storm, Tony in front of him in his suit, lips soft and supple, begging Steve to take them. He felt a smile creep across his face as he moved forward, centimeters away from the mechanic’s face.
Justin groaned as his breathing quickened and he fired away, pushing into Tony with increasing speed. Tony could feel every curve of his dick as it slid into him with slick, lubed up, heat. Tony’s toes curled desperately and his every muscle spasmed, yanking against the chains and attempting to pull away from Justin’s support on his back. He arched and jerked, tears and sweat flinging off of him like crystals in the white light glaring down on him.
Steve braced himself for an expected impact from the demon, arms folding in front of himself protectively, but nothing ever came. He opened his eyes one at a time and aimed his light back into the corner.
In the shadows of the campsite, he watched the two men settle down for an afternoon nap. Rage surged through his chest and he clenched his fists.
Steve awoke to the door handle jiggling and several twangs as the barred entrance opened to reveal their captor and several minions following closely behind him.
They had both just sat on their respective couches, barely speaking, until Steve’s stomach began complaining.
“Oh yeah, I didn’t think of that.” Steve rolled off the bed and thundered downstairs like a child at Christmas, before scrounging through his neatly folded clothes by the chaise.
Once the figure was secure and standing upright, one of the guards took his gun from off of his back and used the butt to slam into what Tony assumed was the person’s face. A surprised shriek sounded from the bag and it slumped slightly, although, with the restraints in place, it didn’t slump very much.
“Yeah Cap… you also said if I wanted to feel the “thrum” of it, I would have to ride bitch and no way am I-“
Tony had popped on a suit similar to what he had worn the day before, while Steve had opted for some breathable shorts, flip flops, and a tight-fitting shirt. His counterpart had been uncharacteristically quiet for most of the morning, even considering his omnipresent hangover. His communications with Steve had all been related to the mission and work, rarely anything else.
“I’m gonna. Get. Back into. My car.” Tony panted, head lolling backwards as Steve cradled his lower back, keeping him from falling into the dirt below them.
Hammer was a raging dick monster, but at least he hadn’t sexually violated Tony this time. He wasn’t sure how much of that he could take. Physical beatings hurt and knocked him down a few pegs, but it was the sexual stuff that made him want to go into a faraway mental cavern and never come out.
“I tend to function better socially after drinking a little, you know.” Tony tipped his head and looked up at the super soldier with a small smile.
“It’s decided then!” Sam clapped his hands and started for the door at a near jog. He decided it was in his best interests not to argue for the cruise ship because a) he was exhausted from a three-week tirade in Monaco and b) no one argued with Natasha except for Tony and Steve. The other Avengers shrugged and sluggishly moved towards the metal door.
Tony was in bad shape. His face was littered with cuts and scrapes and deep bruising was settling in a thick line along his throat. His arm, still stuck under the rock, was bent at odd angles leading up to the stone that pinned him, and blood stained the tight black body suit that he wore under the metal panels of Iron Man. He wheezed methodically as blood dribbled from the corner of his mouth.
The doors to the e-tron opened up overhead and Tony, clad in a suit, rolled up and out with a bitter look. He shoved his hands in his pocket and continued chewing his gum.
He lost it. He couldn’t hold it anymore. He screamed loud, cry emanating from the hole and out into the surrounding island waters. The screams were unintelligible at first, yelps rolling off his tongue, but as soon as the first scream echoed around them, Steve begin enthusiastically stroking Tony’s member; his screams became Steve’s name.
The doctor was awkward and patted Steve’s shoulder in a ‘there there’ fashion. “I understand that this must be hard for you. But… I do need to know everything that happened to truly, and efficiently help him.”
The headlines had been mysterious, but fortunately Tony always had access to more resources than the normal person. He had hacked into the local police station’s records and brought up the reports outlining Mr. Likart’s death. Bold letters lined the page stating, CONFIDENTIAL, UNDISCLOSED, UNDETERMINED, UNKNOWN. The report Tony had just skimmed over- it was the associated pictures that made his blood turn cold.
Tony had fallen back asleep, fortunately. In addition to the light, the temperature was also dropping. Steve brushed his arms, warming them with his palms.
By this point in time, Justin was immediately behind Tony and began to softly stroke his back with the ghosts of his fingertips. Tony shivered as tingles flew up and down his spine. Justin abruptly ended the soft caresses and dug his nails deep into the skin lining his erector muscles. Determined, Tony left out a soft hiss but nothing more. Understanding that Justin wasn’t going to stop toying with him, he decided he would at least minimize the man’s satisfaction by staying quiet and not giving in to the cries that wanted to betray his lips.
He grabbed a slender stick and began drawing in the sand, numbering his steps for his and Tony’s survival.
Tony had let his eyes close for some amount of time until the clank of the door locks and an angry shout emanated from outside his cell. While his eyes were still swollen from his previous beating, the genius could still see the bars swing open, the bottom scraping the floor in a cacophony of screeches.
Steve cared about Tony’s pain threshold, but at this point in time, the more imminent danger was the sinking rig they were sitting in. He yanked the chains roughly against the pipe, baring his teeth and grunting as he did so. The chain pulled against Tony’s arms and he cried out in pain, but the pipe eventually snapped.
Steve’s heart had burst when Tony confessed what he did. He felt the same way towards the smaller, darker haired man.
Tony pulled back quickly, putting on the breaks and throwing himself into reverse. Tony’s hand shot down from Steve’s neck and he looked at the side of the soldier’s face, baffled.
As he stood up, he heard a hacking cough behind him. He turned sharply, fists at the ready in defense. There was nothing behind him. Only bodies littering the ground. But in the distance, he saw a small form, curled in on itself. The cough came from the little person pile.
“I am going to kill you.... and then I am going to kill Captain Rogers... and then Kang is going to kill all of the Avengers... think about it Mister Stark... think about your precious Captain bleeding from his eyes as I crush his throat... his face is purple and swollen just like those bodies on the beach. I will
Familiar brown eyes looked deep into his, but they were bloodshot and full of fear. Tony Stark stared back into Steve Roger’s eyes and if it were not for another slight breath of air, Steve felt he could have stared forever.
“Tony! Wake up!” Tony’s eyes shot open as he took in as much air as the bar would allow through his trachea. His eyes were wide. “I am going to lift this as much as I can, and I need you to push yourself out from under it. Can you do that?”
Steve unwrapped his arms from himself and instead wrapped them round Tony, careful to avoid the wounds and his arm.
The table was a high-top, base composed of a whiskey barrel and surface of glass. It was silent between the two men as they watched the husbands and wives dance and kiss one another.
Tony, in his own mind, admitted that it was a reasonable use of their apparent free time now that following Patricia and Michael off the ship was out of the question.
The panic attack hit him in a wave. He shot his good arm out to his side and felt around the ground, looking for anything that may help him. He grasped what he suspected was a rock the size of his fist and brought it up in front of his face. The edges of his vision were beginning to darken as his blood pressure skyrocketed and circulating oxygen decreased, but he could clearly see the rock he was shakily grasping.
Steve moved one of his hands and brushed along the genius’s forehead, trying to comfort him. “I will… hold as still as you can for me, alright?” Steve spoke softly, and, as if on instinct, leaned down and pressed his pink lips to Tony’s temple. The mechanic’s eyes widened, softened, and he then nodded stiffly and turned his head away from the waiting injury, clenching his eyes shut and biting his lower lip in anticipation for what was to come.
It went on the whole time… Tony trying to talk to fill the awkward silence. The supersoldier hadn’t known what to say and thus remained silent for a full five minutes before finally speaking.
“Sorry, kid,” he says, and grins when he finds the vanishing point in the lines overhead. “As much fun as this has been, I have to see a star-spangled man about a plan.”
He turns off the radio before Peggy can convince him to find a parachute, or bail out before the crash, or anything else that might preserve his life. He’s weary of it all, feels Bucky’s loss like a sack of stones roped to his throat, feels the empty place his unknown partner should be. He’s tired of fighting. Tired of choices and decisions. Tired of his miracle health and peak condition body, wishes for the old sick scrawny Steve again.
“Malibu. Just me an’ you. Before…. everything.” She sighs, sinks into the pillows, closes her eyes. Barely notices Clint’s soft, choked cry. “Was good. Easier. Ever wanna?”
Well, he wanted Tony Stark awake to see what he was doing. The Phoenix Force is a complication, but maybe he can turn it into a boon. If he can secure Tony’s loyalty, which shouldn’t be that difficult or time-consuming, Steve’s plans come to fruition much quicker and with more chance of success than his previous assessments calculated.
It’s harder than it should be to force herself back to her feet, but she does it. Forces her hands up, forces her eyes to focus. That last one isn’t as successful as she wants it to be. “JARVIS, give me an IR scan and find that fucker,” she rasps.
Her head is pounding, temples throbbing, skin tight and hot and itchy. “Get him on the line,” she says thickly, and the link pops up almost instantly.
Of course, Carter has to protest. Of fucking course she does. “These are time-sensitive arrangements, Stark, and you can’t just--”
He watches through the window as Toni’s head comes up, as she turns around and sees him through the window. Her whole face lights up with a wide smile and she slides off the stool to pad over to the door. “Hey, James,” she says, eyes bright the way they get when she’s been awake for too long and has guzzled too much coffee. “C’mere, I want to show you what I’ve been working on.”
“I have one more stop to make first,” he says, digging in his pocket for the piece of paper he wrote the address on, then holds it out to Hogan. “Do you know where this is?”
He hands it over, frowning in disapproval. “Somehow, Howard left that detail out of his story about how he created the shield,” he says.
“I am feeling slightly cramped, ma’am,” JARVIS says, and his intonation sounds ever so slightly aggrieved. “While the storage and processing capabilities of this server far exceed current market recommendations, I do not think I have sufficient space to properly execute my primary purposes. My program occupies nearly 80% of available system resources.” A beat, a pause. “I am a growing boy, but I have no room to grow.”
He throws his arm up, and it snaps tightly against the bracer. It hits hard, enough to bruise even him, and Steve grunts as rocks him back a little. “That will come in handy,” he says, pulling the shield off the bracer again. Can't help a slight grimace as it jars the sore spot. “If it leaves my arm attached, that is,” he says with a smile.
Toni does not miss the utterly filthy look Carol side-eyes him with, and the corner of her mouth curves up into a smirk. Oh, she and Carol are going to get along
“Okay.” She pushes off the bench, staggers as her head swims, pushes gamely towards the couch. “Wake me in three hours.”
“You don’t know Toni yet,” he replies. “I’m pretty sure that you beating the shit out of her might make the top ten list of times she’s been hospitalized, but it definitely doesn’t crack the top five. Number six, maybe.”
He knows the hook’s been set when Tony beams at him, his face lighting up with gratitude. “Yeah, Steve. That’d be great. I really appreciate this.”
.” He scrubs his hands over his face, blows out an irritated breath. “I don’t know what the fuck is wrong with me.”
“Your practice is fine,” Steve says calmly. “You’re too tense and you’re overthinking it. It’s muddling your timing. Quiet your mind.”
