“Happy Christmas, Love.”
“Hello, Jack,” calls his father from the living room.
“Oh yeah,” nodded Dean as the memory came floating back to him. “Figured they’d blister your hide and send ya to the infirmary.”
“Y-yghh,” was all he could grit out around the shaft choking him. But, his cock was suddenly throbbing as his brain processed the idea that he might finally be fucked. Suddenly pulled up by the hair, Dean’s mouth gaped open and he panted heavily as he met the man’s heavy stare. “Split me open,” he challenged, “Make me scream.”
“Night, Cas,” says Dean, watching him get up and leave. In hindsight he realizes that it might’ve been rude not to get up and see the man out. But then again, he’s apparently the blushing virgin in this encounter. Being tucked in seems to be one of the perks.
“In the drawer.”
“Basically.”
“Those seem viable, yes.”
Striding forward to get a closer look, Dean let his eyes rove over the audience as he tried to choose which he favored today.
“Pick up the pace, boys,” said Michael, urging them not to fall behind.
“You brushed your teeth too,” he noted, leaning in as if to peck Dean’s cheek. Clearly thinking better of it, he changed his trajectory at the last second and reached for a gaming controller instead.
“Phone’s dead. I’ll check it after my shower.”
He needn’t have worried though, because Cas seemed to have a similar thought. Dean wasn’t sure if anyone could see the moment when Cas decided to stop trying and just let himself be thrown, but Dean saw it plain as day. Applause swelled and a chorus of people cheered for Cas as he clambered to his feet and stepped toward the exit.
However, on his way back from the bathroom, Dean heard something and froze like a statue in the middle of the hallway. A whisper and then a soft moan carried down the hall followed by obvious sex noises… or jacking off noises. Dean wasn’t sure. But the sound of lube and skin squelching was unmistakeable. Yeah, it sounded like someone jacking off with too much lube.
For the past few cycles they’d been stationed at The Boneyard. This had always been one of Dean’s least favorite sites. But, it was a little bit different this time. With each new cycle, a small group of Learners was formed who would leave the monotonous work of The Boneyard to follow Builders out into open waters. The groups were simply meant to tag along and learn how to seed a new reef, but anything out in open water was enticing to Dean. He waited impatiently, hoping for his name to be called, eager for his turn to go. After his talk with Sammy during the resting cycle, the last thing Dean wanted was to work a monotonous job where his mind would be free to revisit all his troubles. It would be much nicer to have a little adventure today.
“Don’t,” begged Cas when Dean made to extract his finger.
Their eyes eventually connected and he smirked to show his confidence but also dipped his chin to demonstrate his willingness to submit. Sadly, though she sent him an approving look, she didn’t give him any sign that he was welcome to join.
“No. I mean, I knew she’d left with a mark. I had no idea it was your brother.”
Ugh. It’s been almost two decades since he lost Kelly and still, it hurts to think of her. “No,” he answers, trying to recover, “That was when I first tried dating a man.”
“It’s our third date, Dean. I’ll give ya three guesses.”
“I know,” he sighs. “I just want good things for him, you know? He deserves it. If I had my choice, I wouldn’t leave until he’d found somebody.”
Dean could picture two women together easily enough in his mind, and the visual stiffened him further under her hand. But then the image of her face popped up to ruin the fantasy. No matter how he tried, he simply couldn’t think of her that way. She was a sister to him. In fact, it was almost weird to have her touching him at all. But, despite her preferences, she was deft at her duties and his cock liked her hand on him, even if his brain didn’t particularly enjoy it.
“I’m right off 65 at the Ohio river crossing. There’s a scrapyard…”
Laughing beside him, Ron added, “When you took off your pants to get in the shower, did they stand up on their own?”
Already his heart was laboring heavily, lumbering in his chest as he drew closer to the lair of Mr. Crowley. This must be what it feels like, he thought, to be a prisoner on death row being marched to his execution. It was as though his entire body was slowing down, hesitating, dragging out each step and each breath and each heartbeat for no better reason than to add another minute to his life.
Stepping up behind his lover, Dean wrapped an arm around his waist and peered over the man's shoulder. The first thing he noticed was how quiet the night was. There were stars overhead and the moon glowed softly on the peaks of surrounding tents. It was peaceful.
She unlocked the door and stepped aside for the boys to enter.
With that thought in mind, he climbs into the good car and backs it out of the garage. He’s had this sedan for almost a year and it looks as good now as it did the day he brought it home. He cleans and maintains it meticulously which seems appropriate given that he’d spent over forty thousand dollars on it. That makes this late model Lincoln the most expensive car he’s ever owned. .
“What are these?” Cas asked her, pulling the heavily garnished purple and white drink to his lips.
“Sure. Thanks, Dad.”
“None of your business.”
Dean grins as he sends an angry brother themed gif and, finally goaded into responding, Sam responds with a bad teacher gif.
Dean watched Claire’s bright blue eyes settle on Jack softly as she took a seat at the table. She seemed mesmerized as she leaned close and said, “Do what?”
you gettin’ out of it?”
“You look into all those disappearances and UFO sightings?”
Dean was sore. Noticeably so. But still, he didn't care. He loved it. The soreness, if anything, was just a reminder of having been taken, of being given what he wanted. And, he couldn't help but feel a little proud of himself for being able to take a pounding like he could. It made him feel like a man. He smiled with pride as he thought of how he'd taken it, bent in half under the weight and still holding his frame up under the punishing thrusts.
Dean must’ve been doing well, because Pam was writhing in his arms. Overcome, she arched her back in pleasure and let out a shout. Dean looked up then, his vision framed by Pam and Cas both looking down at him.
“I knew you were carrying a fiery torch for somebody. I just didn’t realize that it was my brother.”
“Yeah. And apparently he doesn’t give a shit what world he settles down in.”
“Dean,” he said firmly, deeply, “I want to know what you were thinking when you answered the phone. Did you know it was him calling?”
“All afternoon.”
“From adults,” Dean laughed. “I’m taking you on an adventure.”
“I know,” he sighs. “Just humor me,” he adds, and then he doesn’t speak again as they close the distance. When the brothers finally get within ear shot of the gate, a familiar face comes barreling out to meet them. It’s Garth.
Anger surged in Dean as he read the note. He’d been told to take care of his brother but had no idea where he was. He had things to tell him too… things that seemed like good news. Irritated, Dean was tempted to crumple the letter up and toss it to the floor. But, for some reason, that seemed inappropriate. After all, if the worst happened, how would Dean feel if he had to un-crumple the last words his brother had ever written him? Reverently, he placed the note right back where he found it. Taking his phone from his pocket, Dean pulled up Sam’s number and hit the call button. Generally, calls to his brother went to voicemail and were returned at a later time. Today was no exception. Even angrier now, Dean shoved his phone back into his pocket while grumbling about people who have cell phones and don’t bother answering them.
“Or porn,” Dean added, thumping his brothers arm.
Over the next few hours, Dean lingers with the townspeople as Mary and Bobby answer their questions. He learns that the easternmost settlement in the St. Louis area is in contact with Mt. Vernon and that despite a sizeable ‘dead zone’ between them and Louisville, there is a huge population of people surviving there. What Mary seems to have brought, more than anything else, is hope. But, she’s also brought horses.
“Okay,” Cas agreed, finding himself excited about more time with Dean.
Those electric blue eyes were glassy with drink and his cheeks were flushed with color. Every time Cas stepped up to speak to Jimmy about something, he greeted everyone in Jimmy’s cluster smoothly and stayed to chat for a bit before being called away. This was the most time Dean had ever spent in the man’s presence and he found that he really liked this unmasked, unbuttoned version of the doctor. He was both smart and funny, evidencing a dry humor with flat delivery that Dean loved. Cas was full of one-liners and sarcasm, both delivered with a straight face that made Dean feel as though every punchline was a secret for only the two of them to share. He found himself smiling warmly at the man several times throughout the evening, unashamed because of all the liquid courage he’d imbibed. His smiles were graciously returned and in response, Dean felt his insides melt down and begin to simmer.
He’s really not sure if Dean is listening at this point either. He’s taken his stand on the one point he fully understood, and is not backing down.
“I love you Cas. I’ve been in love with you for so long I’m not even really sure when it started. I was never brave enough to tell you until now and that was almost my biggest regret, the one I would have taken to the grave. You always deserved to know, even if you didn’t feel it back. I just wasn’t as brave as you I guess.”
“Jesus. Sorry Cas. That scared the shit out of me.”
Dean leaned into Cas’ space and whispered directly into his ear on the pillow.  “You like that Cas? You think you’re the only one who’s thought about this?  I’ve imagined you coming hundreds of times in my mind.  So come for me, Cas.  Let me see what I’ve pictured over and over.”
Sam smirked. “You aren’t as subtle as you think you are.  In fact, you aren’t subtle at all buddy.  You gave up heaven for him, you gave up your grace for him, really you gave up everything for him.  And don’t try to tell me you gave all that up for both of us, for the world or whatever. I know the truth.  You’ve been in love with him this whole time, I’ve always known it.  He doesn’t, if that’s any consolation.  He’s too busy hiding from his own feelings to see how you feel.”
Spending time with Cas has been somewhat… painful. They’ve never talked about Cas’ pre-death confession. That’s probably mostly on Dean but Cas does look distinctly uncomfortable every time an adjacent subject comes up. All the same, Dean has loved their time together building. Cas has settled in to human life: changing clothes, showering, eating, the whole deal. But in some ways that’s making everything harder. Dean feels like they’re building a life together here, a home, and as far as Cas knows they’re just best friends.
“With specific instructions.  Apparently I’ve squandered my resurrections in the past.  If you could call saving the world squandering…” Cas trailed off and glanced Dean’s direction.  Finally Dean glanced up with a weak facsimile of a smile planted across his face.
“Your wings! Your wings were burned on the ground, Cas! How are you alive? I don’t understand!?” Sam asked frantically.
“Dean, I’ve waited for this for so long. I want to see you come.  I want your cock in my mouth. You don’t know how often I’ve thought about this.”
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Shhh Cas it’s ok, he’s out in the library.  He was a little upset when you weren’t waking up after we killed the demon.  His pacing was driving me nuts so I sent him out there.  He wanted to make sure you got the comfortable bed while you rested though.”
“Dean, you complete…”
Before Sam could fully complete this thought, Dean was behind the wheel of the impala and turning the ignition.  Sam glanced frantically between Cas’ prone form and the rumbling impala.  In a split second he made a decision, and stepped forward.  Once Dean acknowledged what had happened they wouldn’t have time for a hunters’ funeral or a burial.  The police, electric company, or whoever was likely on the way towards this house.  You can’t cause a power outage to the entire Pacific Northwest without someone investigating eventually.  With a sickening twist of his gut, Sam mused that perhaps the discovery of two bodies would be enough to keep the authorities from digging too far.  With a swift glance towards the water (at least on Sam’s part, Dean never wavered from his determined forward gaze) the impala pulled away into the dark night, short one Winchester.
Dean laughs and Cas shoot him a glare. “I think we both know who the “nerd” in this relationship is here Dean Winchester.”
Cas tilts his head and scrunches his brow in confusion.
Dean was never sure what Cas’ confession meant that day. He’s been over and over it a million times in his head. He supposes Cas could have meant he loved him as a friend, as family, but somehow that doesn’t seem right. Dean always comes back to the beginning of his speech, “The one thing I want, I know I can’t have.” What did he mean? Dean was too afraid to hazard a guess, and too afraid to ask, so he was stuck in this stalemate. He was so close to what he’d always wanted: a life where Cas sticks around, where Cas is always by his side. He can admit to himself now that is what he always wanted. Just Cas. Just the (former) angel he loves to stay with him until the day he dies. Now he even hopes that day isn’t too soon.
Cas seems totally wrecked and hangs on for dear life, scrabbling at Dean’s back for purchase, and groans deeply into Dean’s neck. A few more strokes and he’s coming between them, almost jack knifed in half from the pleasure. Just the sounds and feel of Cas coming have Dean shooting over the edge as well.
Dean looks devastated when his eyes meet Cas’ again, he’s not entirely sure when he focused down on his shoes but apparently eye contact was just a bit too much. As soon as he looks up Cas is hauling him to his feet by his arms and places both hands (paper towel covered or otherwise) on either side of his face. He searches his eyes for a second, Dean’s not entirely sure what for, and then says:
And they were for the most part.  Cas settled back into the routine of eating, sleeping, showering, and everything else that came with being human.  Dean repressed his feelings about the situation, as he was wont to do, and accepted their new reality.  Heaven was sealed off, and some day Cas would die.  The second part was harder for him.  However, he managed to mostly keep his feelings about it under wraps.  That is until Cas did something stupid, as HE was wont to do.
“Hey Dean-o.  Good to see ya.”  Dean was happy to see she seemed a bit choked up as well, at least he wasn’t alone.  After a minute or two of just staring Dean realized some things weren’t adding up here, and also that Charlie had been talking for a solid 30 seconds.
Cas slowly smiles and responds “I’ve got you Dean.”
Dean had allowed himself to fantasize about this moment, and he was in no way disappointed.  Cas immediately sighed into the kiss and rapidly moaned when Dean felt the urge to lick across his bottom lip.  The surge of lust that rushed through Dean caused what had been a chaste kiss to escalate quickly into something much more.
Dean smiled. “I love you too angel. Sorry you thought I didn’t for so long.”
At the last word Dean finally looked up and took a rapid step back, almost as if he’d been struck.  “Easy!? Giving up your grace was easy? You’re human now Cas! Again. You can die, get sick, starve just like the rest of us. Why would you possibly want that?”
Sam knows it’s a deflection so he lets it go and responds, “Fucking, screwing, making love, whatever you want to call it dude, you guys should have been doing it years ago. You didn’t really think it would bother me did you?”
With that Dean turned and walked down the hall towards the bedrooms.  Cas’ shoulders slumped forward with equal parts relief and disappointment.  He looked towards Sam with a minute eye roll and Sam smirked back.
“Of course you do Sammy! Of course you want that. You can have that now and I’m so happy for you. Just don’t move too far away, ok?”
“You’re right, Sammy.  Mom needs our help.” Dean stated.  His voice was flat, with zero inflection.  Sam was shocked to see his brother eyes were dry but glazed over, as if he hadn’t slept in days.  He’d seen the look in the older man’s eyes to know what was happening, Dean was repressing all his “undesirable” emotions.  Again.  Not for the first time, Sam silently cursed their father’s impulse to seek revenge rather than healthily process feelings.
Sam’s head ping ponged between his brother and their best friend. He was used to this, this was how they operated, but nothing about this interaction was normal.  Sam knew how this ended, and it wasn’t going to resolve itself like every other time. Cas would be gone once he made his decision.  Knowing Cas, there was really only one decision he could make.  The self-sacrificing bastard was going to seal himself on the wrong side of heaven, save the world or whatever, and break his brother’s heart.
Before Charlie could launch into anything else, Dean suddenly snapped back to himself.
Cas and Dean were sat across from each other in the library. Dean in front of his computer while Cas sifted through a leather-bound volume in Enochian. Dean smiled at his brother as he and Eileen came into the room and stopped at the head of the table. Sam looked at Dean and signed as he spoke, “Can we talk to you guys about something?”
Sam rounds the corner, Miracle hot on his heels, and freezes before the open bedroom door. He heaves a sigh, as if to brace himself, and then enters Dean’s bedroom. Everything looks the same, and somehow that feels very wrong to him. How can everything look the same when his brother is just… gone. Permanently this time. All because of some stupid vamp and a fucking piece of rebar. This wasn’t right or fair and nothing could convince Sam otherwise. His rage was simmering under the surface again and he was tempted to sweep everything of the desk in the room in anger. Instead he forced himself to calmly walk over and glance at what his brother had been reading before he… Before they left for that last hunt.
“Dean” Cas sobbed.
“Well, I think he and I may have that in common.”
Cas closed his eyes a minute before responding. “Thank you for taking care of me.  I’m still not used to having to accept that help as a human.”
Cas’ radiant smile was making another appearance through tears and he looked just as content as he had at their previous goodbye. Dean couldn’t help but return the expression.
“God damn it, Cas.  You are my friend, you’re the best friend I’ve ever had.  I’m sorry if I didn’t ever tell you that.  That’s never been all I’ve wanted though, as much as I’ve tried to fight it.  I’m in love with you too, Cas.  I should have told you that before, you deserve to know.  But how do I let go of everything else?  All my hang-ups, baggage, and self-hatred.  That’s not all just going to go away if we’re together Cas, why would you want to deal with all that?”
“I’m sorry, what? How did I get dragged into this?  Where did this come from exactly?”
Heading off his brother’s possible retort Sam kept talking swiftly “We’ll still hunt! Or likely we still will for now. I’ve been thinking about law school again and Eileen would like to visit Ireland. We just want to live our lives…”
As Dean pulled back again he sighed softly and said, “Now if only Sam were here this would be perfect. Don’t get me wrong, I want him to live a long and happy life, but I’ll miss that giant moose.”
“I understand, Sam.  He perhaps needs some reassurance.  I think I would like to speak with him in private.”  With that, Cas gracefully stood and followed the path Dean had taken moments before.
“Shhh Cas, I know. Ah shit, I’m not going to last long. Are you close, baby? Please tell me you’re close.”  Dean was breathless and all Cas could do was nod his head in response.  He moaned into Dean’s shoulder as he picked up the pace, both of them were now rocking into his motions, incapable of staying still.
Dean sat next to Bobby, his Bobby, on the front porch of the roadhouse and smirked as he sipped his crappy beer.
“Dean”
Cas glances up at him, “Do you want to stop?”
“It’s you Cas.”
Dean’ mouth drops open. “What!?”
“Oh fuck, Cas. Yes.” Dean yelped as he made contact with Cas’ lips again.  Cas hummed in agreement as he dove back in.  He kissed along Dean’s jaw up to his ear.
Dean chuckled to himself. Apparently inability to relax was a hazard of the hunter lifestyle, and not a trait unique to him.  He supposes that’s something.  “Yeah I don’t know Sammy. Does seem different doesn’t it?”
He supposes he shouldn’t have been surprised when he chose the latter.
Rather than respond to Cas’s words directly, he moves the situation along. “Take of your clothes, Cas.”  He grins salaciously and Cas licks his lips before he nods.  He pulls his trenchcoat and suit off so quickly that Dean only has his shirt off and pants unbuttoned when Cas is naked, but that’s ok for what he has in mind.  He drops to his knees, eye-level with the most perfect, hard, cock he’s ever seen.  Figures the guy would be perfect here as well.  Dean strokes up Cas’ chest and he teasingly licks the pre-come off the head.  Castiel seems unable to control his response and moans, eyes rolled back in his head as he leans fully back against the bookshelf again.  Pleased with the response, Dean takes all of him he can into his mouth.  He reaches up and teases Cas’s nipples as he bobs up and down on his cock, growing harder and harder with each moan escaping his perfect angel.  He supposes he should be self conscious, having never done this before, but apparently being dead solves more than one problem.
Dean is turning the words over and over in his head and slowly they’re starting to make sense. Cas can tell though that Dean’s reaction isn’t normal, especially considering the trauma they’ve seen. Suddenly Dean slumps back against the counter and wipes his hand across his face.
“Cas if you’re sure this is what you want to do, you know we’ll stand behind you. But it’ll never be the same here without you man. We love you.”
Before Dean can even argue with him again Cas has shoved his hand down his sweat pants and past his boxer briefs and has a firm hold of his cock, stroking quickly up and down. Dean jerks forward and involuntarily grasps both of Cas’ shoulder blades under his shirt to hold on.
“Wait! Ash? You know Ash? Is he here? You never even went to the roadhouse when you were alive! Charlie, what are you doing here?”
It takes 2 months for Dean and Cas to find the perfect site. Just outside of Lebanon, which, turns out, is only a 15-minute drive from the house that Sam and Eileen bought. It’s rural but still close to town, surrounded by trees, and within walking distance of a secluded lake (complete with a private dock actually in pretty good shape). The instant Dean sets foot on it he knows it’s right. In fact it looks eerily similar to a place he once dreamed about…
Cas looks like he just got punched in the gut so Dean figures he might as well keep talking.
“Charlie?” Dean managed to say finally. He knew there was probably more to say but he realized he might have to clear his throat about twenty times first.
“Cas, you awake buddy?”
“Nope, no, absolutely not.”
Dean isn’t just content, he’s happy. He’s got all he’s ever wanted. Cas happily stares out at Dean’s unfinished room (hopefully now soon to be both their room) and asks “Do you think we should add a bookshelf in that corner? I’m getting very adept at woodwork I bet I could make you one.”
Finally, Cas appears to be at a breaking point and bodily hoists Dean to his feet with both hands under his armpits.  Before he can think, Dean is completely engulfed in another filthy, open-mouthed kiss.  Apparently Cas has had a few fantasies of his own, because quickly his hand is rapidly moving around both their lengths.  Dean is shocked at how close he is already.  In fact, it’s maybe only 30 seconds before both men are moaning and breathing heavily as they orgasm.  Could joint orgasms be another heavenly perk?  Dean didn’t really have the brainpower to tackle that one right now.
“It’s ok Dean, Dean I’m not going anywhere, it’s fine, you’re fine.”  Castiel was a little alarmed at how frantic his own words seemed but he supposed 10 years of pent up feelings being released all at once might have some unforeseen side effects.
Dean looks panicked, “Tell him!? What if he doesn’t feel the same way?? I could mess everything up Sam!”
“You’ve seen much, much more gore than the average person. You’ve seen death, destruction, and hell. What just happened?”
“Guess we ARE both idiots.  Sam will probably be insufferable now.  He’s apparently known for years.”  Cas mimed quotation marks at the last three words, a fondness lit up Dean’s face at the action.
Cas closed his eyes tightly and twisted his head to face Dean and then kiss him right as he came.  “Fuck, Dean!” He mumbled against his lips.  Dean smiled and leaned in again, he used a hand on the small of Cas’ back to roll him towards him and slid a hand into his hair.  They kissed lazily and stayed pressed together as close as possible. Neither seemed to want to separate in any way.
“Dean!”
Dean take a sharp breath in. “Your purpose? How many times Cas… You’re not a tool to be used!”
Sam nodded and quickly stood to exit the room, Cas thought he might have heard him mutter “finally” under his breath.  Sam shut the door shut behind Dean, forcing him to fully enter the room.  The click of the latch seemed to loosen Dean’s tongue.
A charged silence hung in the air after that simple statement and Sam wasn’t entirely sure where to look.  It was clear to him that though Cas had maybe tried to keep his admission ambiguous, that he was really only talking to Dean, about Dean.  Cas had given up his grace to return and stay with his brother.  He had no idea how Dean would handle that.
“The roadhouse.” Sam said on an exhale as his lips curled into a smile.
Cas looked both entirely stunned and ecstatic.  Dean took that as a positive sign, and surged forward to capture Cas’ plush lips with his own.  He’d probably spent days and days, weeks maybe, imaging this moment.  However, he was still woefully unprepared for the reality.  A surge of lust and arousal hit him hard as he pressed Cas to the bookshelf, and a moan was ripped from his throat when Cas instantly kissed him back.  They were both desperate for more as Cas’ tongue stroked Dean’s lip, and he opened his mouth without question.  His hands were deep in Cas’ dark, thick hair and Cas’ had somehow migrated up underneath his flannel and t-shirt.  Nothing had ever felt more perfect.  Apparently in heaven you didn’t need to break for air, but Dean broke away anyways.  He’d been dreaming of tasting his angels’ jaw and sensitive pulse point for too long.  As his teeth scraped Cas’ neck, Cas seemed to expel all his breath on a moan.
“No you know what Cas? My turn. I get to talk now, so shut it. Your purpose? You didn’t have a “purpose”. You’re family, man! You, me, Sam, Jack, Mom, everyone. We’re a FAMILY. Isn’t that really what we’ve been fighting for all these years? A choice? And fine you made a choice to sacrifice yourself for me, and let me tell you something- I hated that, but it was your choice. Unfortunately I have to respect that. But would you stop with this purpose bullshit! You deserve just as much happiness and contentment as the rest of us Cas! You told me I’m not Daddy’s blunt instrument, and you know what? I finally believed you. I finally understood that you were right, that everything I’ve ever done has been because of love, not anger. Despite Chuck’s best efforts that’s always been the case. But I’m here to tell you that you aren’t Daddy’s blunt instrument either Cas. You’ve defied Chuck’s plan at every turn. He even said it himself! Every other version of you fell back in line, but not you. You defied heaven, you gave up an army, you sacrificed again and again. All for us. For me. Did you really think I don’t love you back? That you couldn’t have this? That you don’t mean everything to me Cas?”
As he said it he knew this was right, that this was the next part of his journey. Dean looked over to Cas who looked positively glee-ridden that Dean was choosing to do something for himself.
“Enough with the self sacrificing crap! You got it Cas? Chuck’s off the board and we’re all in this for the long haul now. No more apocalypses, no more unnecessary deaths. Understood?”
“Cas, no, for the last time fixing heaven does not fall to you! Yes, you had a hand in where it is now but you didn’t cause this single-handedly. Those archangel dicks did! You know that, we all know that!”
From behind him, in the dark, Dean heard Cas tip the bottle back again.
As the two mermaids veered off together, Dean pushed himself to swim a bit faster and catch up with Cas. As he approached, he heard his friend chatting with their usual group and speculating on where they might be headed.
Cas’ exit was not set to the dignified cheers of a winner. Nope. As Cas released his lobster and spun away, it clamped firmly onto his tail fin. The crustacean was difficult to remove, with Cas screaming and flopping around in the water. But eventually Dean and the others did manage to free him from its iron grip. Red-faced and cursing, Cas swam home to his mother and left his friends to continue the game.
“There’s more to it than that. More than I can even convey to you in a single meeting. But, yes. When it’s all said and done, I hope you’ll do the right thing.”
Had it simply been that they are both women and lately he’s been fantasizing about men? That seems too arbitrary to really be the answer, even if it’s the most obvious connection. Turning onto his side in the bed, he continues rolling the question around in his mind for a long time before an answer finally comes to him… one that strikes a chord of truth.
Each cycle when he returned from school, he’d wait for a chance to hold the slippery little sucker before swimming off to play. Then when he returned from playing with his friends, Dean would tickle his brother’s chin. Sammy would coo and giggle and laugh out loud as his tiny tail fin twisted and twirled in the water, his small body bucking away from the tickling touch even as a wide smile played over his lips.
Doing his best not to dwell on the bigger reasons that he wouldn’t be a proper husband, Dean accepted Pastor Jim’s words with a solemn nod. “Got a call from Sammy today,” he said brightly. A change of subject was needed anyway, and Dean was thrilled to be able to tell someone about the highlight of his day. “Things are going good for him… he just got a promotion.”
“Yes Dean?” he prompted.
His eyes traveled hungrily over the man’s ass and the cock that hung beneath him, slowly dribbling opaque liquid to the library's hardwood floor. The ‘librarian’ customer was obviously enjoying both her audience and her contentedly submissive whore. Dean’s throat went dry as he watched her tease that riding crop down the man’s back, between his cheeks, and over his hole. She was a natural dominatrix, he thought, commanding in presence and creative when playing. With a firm but soft voice, she reminded her subjugate that he must be quiet in the library - then she then snapped the crop to his puckered hole several times in quick succession.
Winding their way through a maze of cubicles wasn’t new to Dean at this point. But, these were much smaller than the living quarters he’d been given. Each stall was roughly large enough for one portable desk and one folding chair. The ownership of each space was denoted by paper signs, each hung on the exterior walls with a single piece of tape.
“I got this in the mail,” said Sam, unfolding something from the pocket of his shirt, “It had no return address, but I know what it means.”
“Dude,” winced Dean, “I forgot you can read my mind now. I’m not so sure that’s gonna work for me. I mean, a man needs some privacy.”
Cas nods with a thoughtful look on his face and then steps out. Dean follows and is handed a towel. As he dries off Cas steps out, heading back to his bedroom and tying a towel around his waist as he goes. Dean finishes drying off on the bathmat and then steps into the sweats he’s been given. He takes his time in the bathroom, even using his finger and Cas’s toothpaste to freshen his mouth. He looks at himself in the mirror. Dean knows he’s a handsome man. But even at his best angles, he’s not sure that he’s worthy of being considered, ‘the most beautiful man I’ve ever seen’. But, the words are still knocking around in his head.
“Nope. My dad volunteers and he got me into it. He’ll be there too. I mean, at the adoption event.”
"I wasn't the only one, Dean. There were more mothers than mine who were willing to trade their children."
“So, what’s the plan for tomorrow?” Cas ventured as he worked his way through his frozen drink.
"Not long," chirps Jess. "Can you do me a favor?"
“You heard?” he asked.
The guy wanted him, it was all over him. The two had obviously chosen Dean together, both of them attracted to him. Glancing down at his own cock, Dean enjoyed both the look and feel of it slip sliding along as it moved lazily between her holes.
“He did. And, he looked at you more often than me.”
Sometimes it was the scent of Cas's skin, or the tickle his leg hair, or even just the sound of his breathing that got Dean thinking of dirty things. Other times, it was the memory of things they'd promised to do to each other later when there was more time. In this instance, it was the gentle stroking of Castiel's hand on Dean's hip.
“Ya don’t even need to tell me, Dean, I already know.”
Sam nods agreement, swipes the back of a fist across his cheek to wipe off an errant tear, and then follows Dean out into the night. They drive back through the gate, out into the dark. Once again free to drive faster, Dean does, and beside him in the passenger seat it’s all Sam can do to hang on. He smacks his head on the roof a few times, cursing aloud but never suggesting that they slow down.
As Dean watched, the two locked hands and smiled warmly at one another. Dean had rarely felt such joy as he did in this moment. Seeing Cas finally sharing a healthy relationship with Claire was very fulfilling. Deep down, Dean knew that Jack was right about helping others. He’d always been more invested in the welfare of others than of himself and, he thought, how incredible would it be to see everyone around him living by that same principle?
Suddenly euphoric as he realized that he was going to get what he hoped for, Dean tightened his grip on Pam. He was suddenly very grateful to her for giving him this chance to be with Cas… in any capacity. It was a precious gift.
“It’s eight am,” Ron answered. “I usually have to be in at seven but I called in late.”
“Mexico,” he laughed.
“But I’m your mother,” she pleaded.
Adjusting himself closer in the seat and dipping his head, Jack seems to physically bask in Cas’s words. Then, he speaks softly as he says, “Dad, I’m not in love with Claire. I do love her, I know that now, but I’m not actually in love with her.”
His cock was heavy and bouncing with him, and he grabbed it again, sweating and grunting from the exertion as the feeling of building pleasure became a physical weight in his belly. He wasn’t feeling like a cowboy anymore, he was feeling like a wild, bucking bronco.
“Can you give  me a plate number?” she asks.
“Oh, I love a man that knows how to lie to me,” she purred.
“I’ll keep that in mind,” grinned the companionable stranger, resting his hand on Dean’s shoulder for a second when he stepped out.
"I can understand doing some pretty awful things in your position" admitted Sam. "And honestly, I think I could forgive you for most anything... even for what you did to me. But do you really think I could ever get past the fact that you would've sold our own child into hell, just to save yourself?"
“I’ll go make some coffee,” said Jim. The others all followed him out of the office, heading for the restroom and then back to the coffee machine. Pirating day old bagels from the box behind Becky’s desk, the men converged in Jim’s office once more, ready to go over the plan one last time.
Thinking of these things as he labors in the afternoon sun, Dean can feel himself succumbing to bleak depression he’s been fighting. He tries to think about something else, but it’s useless. The stink of hot tar around him isn’t helping either. He’d had help melting down the ingredients over an open fire, a thoughtful but crude combination of scavenged plastics and rubbers, but once a suitable patching compound had been ready for use, each man had filled a container and scampered off to some pre-determined location to hurry and complete repairs before the stinking tar-like substance could cool off and lose its workability.
“No, Sammy. You’re wrong. Just because we miss hanging out with them doesn’t mean they miss hanging out with us.”
“Aw, c’mon Sammy. There’s a damn big wall between us and them. Besides, you’ve got me lookin’ out for ya. You’re safe, I promise.”
“Bet they called that guy So-So because he was a lousy lay,” chuckled Dean, bracing the door open with one leg so he could wheel in his friend.
“Well, Bobby and his crew. They came for me and killed Azazel. It was the first successful mission they’d had in a long time. They liberated the prisoners and since Mary and I were in the same cell –
“Yeah, but it’s still fun,” Dean countered as they pushed back farther.
“What’ll they do?” asks Sam.
“Why?”
"Yes," said Cas, returning his attention to his food, "I guess so. What about you Dean?" Cas asked. It would seem that his friend thought this was some kind of fun game where they’d each take a turn telling their preference. The poor guy didn't even realize that the younger Winchester was hatching diabolical plans as he questioned them.
With this having been said, Sam popped his last bite into his mouth and smiled. Seeing a genuine smile spread across Sam’s face had him feeling better. Pushing away from the table, Dean carried his empty plate to the counter and added it to the pile. He stood there for a moment and stared at the daunting mess in the sink. The rhythmic thumping of Sam’s feet on his chair was the only noise for a blessed moment. Then, John resumed his snoring.
“Me too,” he smiled as he set down his menu.
Elated that he’s set the wheels in motion, it’s hard to keep from skipping as he heads for the sidelines and over to the bleachers. Dropping there for a moment, he sends a quick snap to Claire checking to see if she’s ready to head out. When she snaps back, he gets up and walks back towards the parking lot so he can meet up with her.
Dean watched the back and forth for a moment. Mary was speaking to the group, but her eyes were on Yeager. She was fiercely determined as she spoke. “All I’m saying is, it’s too soon to sit back and celebrate a victory. Yes, the gates are shut. But all that really means is that the number of angels and demons is finite now. It doesn’t mean we can all relax and reopen Disney World. We need to be focused and we need to be prepared. Lives can still be lost. We must remain vigilant.”
“So,” said Donna, her eyes fixing on Castiel, “are you staying in the bunker permanently now?”
“Dean, you used to hang out with us all night. You’d stay til you could talk some sweet thing out to your car or back to your place. But now you just have a few and go home, night after night. You look at me too… sometimes… as if maybe you’re thinking about me in that way. So, I gotta ask. Are you hung up on me?”
“Let’s clean you up, shall we?” offered Cas with hint of a smile.
“C’mon Winchester,” he chortled, “give the new girl a few days to find her sea legs before you start in with that shit.”
Stepping out into the garage, he begins the process of changing seasons. After all these years, the process has become routine. He pulls out the plastic storage tubs that are labelled for winter and begins unpacking them. When the tubs are empty, he changes the labels from winter to summer and proceeds to pack away things like tiki torches, citronella candles, sunscreen, and bug spray. After spending a few minutes arranging the winter supplies on easy to reach shelves, he trades gardening tools and rakes to the back of the storage cabinet so that shovels and bags of ice melt can be pulled to the front. He packs an emergency kit into the trunk of his car, taking a mental inventory of the contents to be sure he’ll have everything that’s needed when the blizzards start to hit.
“Me too, Dean.”
“I’m aware,” he chuckles, already noticing a persistent ache between his cheeks.
“Do you think that this sorry pile of monopoly money is even tempting for me?”
"Yeah Cas, home," he answered, loving the sound of it. Cas seemed to warm just from hearing the word. He glanced over at Hael before answering. Once she gave him a nod of encouragement, he got to his feet, whispering a 'good night' to his sister. Dean held out a hand and Cas took it, allowing himself to be pulled towards the exit. They left together, Cas looking back at his people once more while they climbed the stairs.
“I’m good, Dean,” Cas said with a smile, leaning back on the railing. “You go ahead.”
“I can guess what it’s about, yeah.”
The saloon type room they’d just passed through had been tame compared to what they found here. This time, Dean's feet didn’t falter. They carried him swiftly forward as he wound through a series of passageways. This huge tent was divided into small booths, the walls of each being nothing more than sloppily hung curtains. As he frantically pushed through the space, eyes probing for some sign of an exit, he couldn’t help but notice how little privacy these little rooms afforded those who used them. The mismatched and well-worn curtains hid nothing, huge gaps allowing too much to be seen by anyone who passed. Dean had never seen so much skin in his life and even at the tender age of twelve, Dean knew a whorehouse when he saw one. These were hookers. With customers. And the three of them were in some deep shit.
“Mmm,” he hummed, digging into his eggs, “I’m gonna get a big fat burger.”
“What dreams do you have, Dean?” she pressed, ignoring his sarcasm.
“I’m tired of being what everybody thinks I should be. I think it’s time for me to be what I
It was a quick stop, both brothers taking semi-edible food with them in the car. Dean drove for a bit longer while he ate, allowing Sam some time on his laptop to check the news out of Memphis.
Taking a deep breath and letting it go, Ron looked him squarely in the eye and said, “I appreciate the pity fucks, Dean, I really do. But I want you to know that you don’t have to do it. You can stay here as long as you need to, even if we never fuck again.”
Always, I have to thank Destiella for being amazing (and so very patient with me)!
“Here,” Dean said, holding out a marker, “Do me a favor and cross China off my list.”
“I’m putting yes for that one because you already said you feel like shit. Question three… Are you agitated, do you keep moving around?”
Shortly after that, Cas abandons the kitchen completely. He’s left the dishes stacked in the sink and gone out to the garage. Hastily pulling the tarp off of his ‘78, Castiel sets it aside and digs out his trench coat. As he gets ready and drives across town, all he can think about is what Mr. Winchester might be doing on a Tuesday night.
Selecting one he hasn’t seen too many times, Dean pops it in the player and undoes his jeans. Kicking them off as he climbs up onto the bed, he peels off his underwear and socks as he waits for the opening sequence to be over. Once the good stuff starts to play, he relaxes onto his side. Reaching behind himself, he lazily begins teasing at his hole with a lubed up finger.
So, in ever widening circles, the men of Dean’s stronghold ventured out to cut wood, scavenge empty homes and stores, even shoot animals. All in the desperate attempt to keep warm. Keep eating. Keep living.
“Where will he end up if he keeps going?”
“… And that’s how it all works,” Jody concluded as their tour came full circle. “Now, for the playbreak, we’re not staying here. We’re in for a real treat. As you’ve been told, our Preparers actually go out and gather quite a bit of what we eat. So, we’re going to be following some of them to a Garden. First you’ll have some time to enjoy it and then, when your break is finished, you’ll all be broken into small groups to learn some of the strategies used when harvesting from a Garden.”
Looking around, all he can see are happy wagging tails, floppy ears, and inquisitive eyes. Every dog he makes eye contact with seems to come alive at the prospect of having his attention for even a second. They’re eager to form a connection with him, and it’s harder than he would’ve expected to keep walking, rather than bend to one knee and accept the love that they seem so eager to give him.
Here's a pic of Charlie and Gilda swimming ahead of the group as they explore the Big Garden while ditching school.
“Dean,” says Sam firmly, stopping in his tracks. “Give me the odds that he’s gonna live.”
Already trailing Cas, Dean decided to stay the course. He ignored the yellow blur of Gabriel’s tail and surged forward with all his might in the hopes of closing the distance between him and Cas. He was close. That blue tail was working hard, the black outline blurring as it cut through the water. He pushed his arms faster until the muscles burned and when he was within arm’s reach, he made his move.
Casting a sidelong glance at his baby brother and seeing his features lock into a patented bitch face, Dean relented. “Okay, okay, Sammy. I’ll be on best behavior. Besides, now that you’ve gotten a peek at Minnie’s knickers, what’s left to see?” smirked Dean.
“I’m hungry,” complained Sam as their tiny house came into view.
Glancing at his watch, Dean realized that it was almost show time. He bought a lemonade and began hiking up the long path toward the main part of the carnival. In doing so, he left the adults-only section behind him. Gladly. He hadn’t even walked past the tents where sex was for sale.
Seeing their human packmate plus two more brings a few snuffs and wooffles from the group. Sam might not perceive it yet, but Dean knows that they're not exactly thrilled to see the number of humans in their midst increasing again.
“And what happens when that time is up?”
The room is silent while the students work and Dean spends that time covertly texting his nerdy brother. He sends gif after gif, chuckling under his breath as Sam sends him back repeated warnings to knock it off.
“That’s rough,” whispers Dean, unsure what else to say.
“Dean,” said Cas softly, reaching out to touch his arm. Turning, Dean tried to put on a poker face and not be observed chewing his lip.
“Do you need any help getting packed up for the tournament?”
Nothing was actually new anymore. They’d seen all the locations and had at least minimal exposure to all professions – the safer ones anyway. Training for a dangerous profession was only for senior students and prior to embarking on that, candidates had to be reviewed. So, as far as the routine life of grown up merfolk, there were no big mysteries left. Well, except the mating ritual. They’d not be seeing that until they were old enough to participate. Each cycle, they still traversed to Hot Waters with the rest of school. But, sooner than later, Dean would be a full grown merman and need to choose a profession that he could stick with. Permanently.
“Yep.”
From beside him, Sam softly says, “It’s way past lunch.”
Cas’ heart fluttered in his chest at the invitation, and he took his place there between the bowlegs he’d lusted after. Dean’s hands were poised in the air, waiting to see what Cas would do before he settled them anywhere. So Cas moved forward a bit, working his arms under Dean’s legs and planting one elbow into the mattress on either side of his body… framing the other man with his forearms and lowering his head between the legs that were now draped over his shoulders. He glanced at Dean’s hungry eyes one more time before slowly tipping his head down and taking a heavy cock into his mouth.
“Alright, alright,” says Dean, interested in the discussion but unable to deny that it’s time to reign these kids in. A quick, short blast from his whistle and the room falls silent. “Take your seats,” he orders.
Dean’s knees buckled as he realized what the future really held for him. From a few yards away, Castiel whimpered. Dean was loosing precious moments as he withheld his agreement and who could know exactly how many more precious seconds the Demon Crowley would wait before snapping his finger again to summon John and Jim into their midst. Dean was going to say yes eventually, Crowley was right about that. But the words, he just couldn't speak them. He simply couldn't utter the single syllable that would accept the deal, even though he knew that nothing better would be offered.
“The Boss, Benny, I need to know who that is.”
As his Teacher droned on and his fellow students asked questions, Dean was five worlds away. He was swimming out into open waters… bravely battling predators… seeing new sights and finding brilliant treasures with his best friend at his side.
Evil was everywhere and Dean could feel the weight of it all around him. As he contemplated just how fucked they all really were, Dean remembered Crowley's earlier proclamation that only the good souls were valuable. With sadness, Dean came to understand that the more comfortable Sam became with trading other souls for his own, the less valuable he’d become to Crowley. Unfortunately, his value to Dean had not diminished at all. Even now, seeing his brother at his worst, Dean would still give his own soul to save Sam.
"Or what?" Dean's voice was gruffer than he meant it to be, but his fear was starting to bleed through. Anna looked at the floor, avoiding eye contact with him, and when she spoke it was in a whisper.
"So... you wrote another chapter?" Dean asked, impatience getting the best of him.
"No, it isn't, for the first time, I feel..." Castiel trailed off and Anna sighed.
"So you're possessing some poor bastard?!" Dean's voice was harsh and judgemental, and Castiel instantly understood how the word vessel could be misconstrued with demons.
at him. He found himself wanting to shout
"Okay," Dean said, with a tone full of attitude, "Who are you and why the fuck should I care?" Uriel's fist clenched and he looked like he about to smite something, so Castiel quickly stepped in, subtly positioning himself between Uriel and his mate.
"I understand you not wanting to take Castiel as a bond mate," Anna looked at Dean thoughtfully, her hand sliding down to his shoulder, "but you've got to figure out a game plan here, or you'll die." Dean rubbed his face and looked at the not-quite-angel, green eyes sad.
Dean stomped out to the car, fighting tears. Ruby was gone, and only Sam stood there, leaning against the Impala. "Dean?" Sam asked, worry written all over his face, "what happened?"
Dean bantered with Alistair, keeping his voice as firm as he could, forcing his hands not to quiver, demanding answers again and again, and of course, the demon being who he was, quipped back every single time, laughing at Dean, insulting him. Dean was good, he was holding his own, and then Alistair mentioned his father.
"Slaughter House Five Vonnegut, or Cat's Cradle Vonnegut?" Dean asked suspiciously, and Sam gave him a look of surprise.
His last year with Sammy was a good one, and when the hellhounds came for him Dean found himself replaying it in his mind. Lilith laughed as she opened the door for the beasts, and as they tore through his clothes and into his chest, Dean thought of the small things: Sam laughing with bright eyes, brotherly pranks, watching Sammy fight and claw his way through anything in his path, ever the hero. It was worth it. It was always worth it, anything for his little brother. When Dean's heart stopped beating and his eyes glazed over, as his soul dropped into hell, he hoped wherever this Castiel was that she would forgive him for leaving before he could meet her. He was glad she didn’t have to be torn up the way Sam was about Jess.
"Bobby, whatever this is, whatever it wants, it's after me. That much we know, right? I've got no place to hide. I can either get caught with my pants down again, or we can make our stand," Dean's voice was firm, and Bobby knew the Winchester well enough that he had no expectations of Dean being persuaded away from this suicide mission.
"The raising of Samhain; have you stopped it?" Castiel asked, gazing unblinkingly into Dean's green eyes.
"How else do you explain it? I write things and then they come to life. Yeah, no, I'm definitely a god. A cruel, cruel, capricious god. The things I put you through... The physical beatings alone, the mating bond shit, the CABIN-" Chuck ranted until Dean cut him off sharply.
They ended up calling it opposite day, trying everything they could imagine to avoid following the manuscript. Dean ordered a tofu burger, for fucks sake, and even THAT didn't work. It quickly became irritating, and then concerning, and then downright annoying and frightening in a gut churning sort of way. By the time the evening rolled around, Dean literally had no patience left to give. He drove the broken impala to Chuck's house, stomped in, and slammed him into the wall. "I was just hit by a mini van. I was covered in pink bandaids. My baby is missing her back windshield. Tell us how you fucking know all this!"
know?”
"It was a test," Castiel explained, voice lilting a little now, and a small smile played along his chapped lips, "to see how you would perform under, battlefield conditions, you might say. "
"We both need a break, Dean," Castiel told him, and he wasn't lying, his very essence was exhausted, "whether we spend it talking, you sleeping, or consummating the bond, I think we just need some time away. This place is warded and only I am aware of its location. We have time."
"I have been alive since before humans were evolved into intelligent beings," Castiel told him, "I know how sex works, I just have yet to put in into practice." Dean shuddered, and Castiel licked down around his balls and back up to the tip, Dean twitching at the teasing flicks of his tongue. "There is one thing I have always wanted to try, though," Castiel whispered, and Dean looked down at him, Cas' expression absolutely mischievous, "I want you to...
"It's just an expression," Dean sounded just as fed up with Uriel as the angel was with him.
Dean snuck out of the hotel when the sun rose the next morning, going to the nearby park and settling on a wooden bench, eyes trailing over the people. As the morning wore on, moms with their children started to arrive, and he found himself watching the kids play, a subtle reminder of what he had saved. He knew the moment Castiel appeared beside him, his stomach leaped, and he ran trembling fingers through his short hair. "Let me guess," Dean said, feeling drained, "you're here for the 'I told you so.'" He glanced sideways, and saw Castiel watching the playground, sun playing patterns across his face.
"What's the matter?" Castiel couldn't stop himself from moving forward, stepping into Dean's space, the need to reassure his mate almost overwhelming, "you don't think you deserve to be saved?" It was a question, but Castiel said it as a statement. He could clearly see that Dean thought himself unworthy, and Castiel found himself thinking many of the scars on that beautiful soul really must have been from life. He wanted to tell Dean how wrong he was, prove it with sweet words and gentle actions. Only the knowledge that his garrison was close by and the firm belief that his offers of comfort would be rebuffed kept him from reaching out.
"Whatever. How do we get around this?" Dean seem to decide to put the complicated things behind him for the moment, which was, frankly, not unusual. He was now leaned so far into Castiel that his whole weight was practically on him, and he put his arms around the hunter's waist for more comfortable support.
"I think I'll go seek revelation," Uriel said, tone light, "we may have further orders."
"I am not here to judge you, Dean," Castiel replied, and Dean heard the unspoken undercurrent to his words,
"He went to receive revelation," Castiel said, and he couldn't help his wince as an extra sharp scream rang through the building.
“Are those... real guns?” Chuck whispered, as if he were afraid to ask.
“You got me,” Sam muttered, face buried in his laptop, distracted.
, he thought, hands quivering with the urge to smite Anael where she stood. He refrained, killing her would do nothing for his relationship with Dean, and all he wanted right now was to run his fingers over that stubbled jaw like Anael was doing. He left abruptly, Uriel would no doubt be wondering where he was, and he had some explaining to do. The feeling followed him all the way back to Russia, his thoughts full of the way Dean had smiled around someone other than Castiel.
Castiel nodded, stricken speechless, and Uriel smiled at Michael, "We understand brother. As you say, it will be done." Michael dismissed them with a wave of one of his hands, and the two lesser angels catapulted back down to Earth.
. I'm full-frontal here, dude!”
Dean wanted to scream in exasperation, but instead he wisely responded, "I'm dreaming, aren't I?"
Dean was stunned at Sam’s priorities and a little hurt too. But he agreed to have Sam back in time. His little brother always deserved better anyway.
Castiel remained in the next room, tense as stone, and when Alistair's screams began to ring out through the building, they seemed to cut right through him. He imagined his handsome mate cutting into and torturing the demon, and for the first time in his exsistence he felt physically revolted, felt the unpleasant sensation that he might vomit, and he clutched his hands to his mouth, praying fervently to a Father he hoped could hear him.
All too soon, the kiss ended, Dean slipping away with a sigh, and Castiel almost had to physically restrain himself from pulling him back. Dean looked at the angel, those brilliant eyes dulled and fatigued. "Tell Uriel, or whoever, that you do NOT want me doing this, trust me," Dean told him, and Castiel shut his eyes for a second, his grace literally howling inside him, instincts of a mate fighting instincts of a soldier.
“Because I fucking hate it. It’s not my scene. I’ve just always done it because everyone tells me I should. I mean, is it just because I’m blonde? Does that make me an automatic cheer clone?”
“We’ll have our chance,” promised Cas, “Sam and Eileen will have to leave the bunker at some point.”
“No, it’s a containment pad. And if you want to eat breakfast, it’s a necessity.”
Shortly after lunch on Sunday, the doorbell rings unexpectedly. When he answers, Cas is greeted by Jody who is flanked by Claire and Kaia, each bundled up tight.
“I know. Me too,” he told her. “Let’s go get some.”
“Trust me when I say this,” Victor continued, “Halfway through the ritual, the mermaids will be so crazed that they’ll stop counting how many they’ve had. Even the ugly dudes are gonna get laid. Just remember what I said, okay? Watch where you put your cock. Shoot your load where it belongs okay?”
“It can’t be the devil,” continued Jim, walking back and forth behind Dean’s chair. “He’s bound in a pit. The scriptures all agree… his influence plagues the earth… but he doesn’t walk it.”
As if from a distant dream or memory, nostalgia washed over him as he heard the words, “Hello, Dean.”
“Well, I suppose I’ll have to take what I can get,” the coach replies, giving an affectionate slap on the back. “This is your senior year, Jack. You’ll be lookin’ back on it for the rest of your life. So, I hope you’re living it in a way you’ll be proud of later.”
He was only a heartbeat away from a climax when the man suddenly pulled his cock all the way out and painted Dean’s backside with his cum. It was always hot to have someone shoot it on him like that – to feel it splatter on his overheated skin and dribble sloppily around his hole. He smiled as it happened too, picturing what he must look like. He even twisted around to try and catch a glimpse, then locked eyes with the man as he released his own swollen dick in favor of dragging a finger through the man’s spend, spreading it around a little and eventually bringing his finger to his tongue for a small taste. But, despite his award winning act, he was left disappointed. He hadn’t even come.
It didn’t take long to find the gazebo he was looking for. The early evening sun was sinking fast and arcs of soft light were dancing over the water and filtering through the lattice of the gazebo. Jess looked like a real-life princess in her dress, and Cas walked straight to the happy couple to congratulate them. Dean snuck up behind him as they were speaking and snaked an arm around his waist, lips pressing to the side of his neck in a quick peck. They stood together as Jess and Sam told Cas about the wedding and thanked him for coming. He laughed as he apologized for his attire… his t-shirt and shorts looking far too casual next to the wedding party in their tuxes and silky gowns.
“I guess. M’not sure I can explain that,” admitted Dean, starting to relax again in the churning hot water. “But, I think I can feel it comin’. Like, I’ve got friends here who accept me for who I am - and that’s kinda new for me. I like my jobs too. I mean, it’s not like my dreams all came true, but I think I’m happy enough with the work. Hell, maybe someday I’ll even settle down with somebody… raise a couple of diaper fillers… who knows, right?”
By the time it was their turn, Dean and his friends were actually bored. But moving to the front of the group cured that quickly. They followed along behind a Guardian, their skin tingling from the heat, and moved out of sight from the rest of the group. It got hotter and hotter until Dean could barely stand it. Around him the waters were fizzing and churning and his ears picked up a strange sizzling sound that grew louder as they swam.
“Nope.”
“You just need to decide where you want to be. Once you know that, it’s just a matter of walking the steps to get there.” Dean was silent for a moment, contemplating what Cas was telling him. “You know Dean, you’ve got more inside than what you show people. You act like this is all you are… just sex and good times. I’m not sure why you do that, but deep inside of you there’s a good man just dying to get out. I can see him. Right now you’re like Pinocchio, Dean, just a plaything. But you could be a real boy.”
“I dunno man, it’s probably just a pipe dream. I’ll probably never be anything but a grease monkey or a bar tender. I’d like to save people… but…” Dean’s voice trailed off. He had visions of himself as hero from time to time but those were just daydreams. Deep inside, Dean knew what he was good for. Hustling pool and pouring drinks were really more his skill set.
The driver of the car must’ve seen him race out onto the lawn because suddenly its engine is roaring and its tires are spinning on the slippery road as it tries and fails to speed away. Despite its powerful engine, the vehicle isn’t able to build up speed on the snow and ice covered street and Dean is closing in. He veers to the left a little, prepared to come around behind the vehicle and get it’s plate number. Just then, a tinny voice comes through his phone. “Valley Falls Police Department.” His call is connected.
“Two.”
“Yeah,” he answered dismissively, “just a bad dream, I guess.”
Castiel allows no time for a response from Dean. He just leans in and firmly connects their lips. The kiss is close-mouthed, warm and pleasant, and it’s clearly a good-bye.
Mr. Winchester seems to know a lost cause when he hears it. He doesn’t answer right away. But, more interested than ever in keeping the man’s good favor, Jack adds, “I’m pretty sure I’ll still be with you for basketball, though.”
“Would you come clean as you did with me and profess to like it? Or would you leave the job ashamed and beg your father for forgiveness.”
“Yeah, yeah,” he replied, reaching out to thump his friend as he swam past. He then had to watch as Cas and Gabe circled to come around and give Sam a victorious reach-n-slap.
“Just hold still, Sammy,” he says, watching closely as Cas begins to sniff at his brother. Dean smiles as he watches Sam lose the last of his inhibitions and embrace the experience. He knows it’s a heady thing to be close to these intimidating animals. They’re huge, for starters, far bigger than the regular wolves of the past – the likes of which Dean has only seen on television. But in addition to their hulking size, obvious strength, and terrifying teeth, the eyes of these creatures are intimidating too. They’re intelligent and aware on a level that most animals are not. You can actually see them thinking things through – see the gears turning in their heads as they figure out complex things and apply what they’ve learned.
When everyone had grown quiet again, Victor continued by saying, “I hate to think you boys need me to explain this to you, but I’ll do it anyway. Take aim carefully. Whether you’re one-on-one or doubling up… hit the right hole gentlemen.”
The man stood up straight and looked down at him, once again the very picture of a dominant male; confident and self assured. Dean felt small. He knew he looked pitiful, sitting there in a wet spot of his own making. His dick still stood tall and proud in it’s cock ring, a sharp contrast to the defeated slump of his shoulders.
“For some reason, I thought we’d see him here.”
“I guess that’s sayin’ something, huh?”
“Can I see more?” he asks.
“So come.”
“Are they the right color?” he asks, leaning in. He’s got the receipt if they need to be exchanged. Considering that the price tag was almost four hundred dollars
“You don’t?”
“Do you live around here?” he asked.
“I can make my peace with that,” his friend replied as Dean backed out of the parking space.
“Of course ya did. All that sounds normal to me, so I just gotta ask, when did ya know somethin’ wasn’t right?”
Michael was the Rear Teacher. While the Front Teacher, Jody, was concerned with teaching and leading, the rear Teacher, Michael, was primarily in charge of order and discipline. He kept to the back of the school as they swam and made sure everyone stayed together and that all attention was focused on Jody.
Standing side by side, the brothers watched the light as it lingered for quite a while in Texas. Then it relocated to Wyoming, North Dakota, Wisconsin, and Ohio. The light lingered for several minutes in each location. They’d been standing here watching for quite some time and the tension in Dean’s neck was making his shoulders ache. Resting in western Tennessee for over five minutes, the light seemed to have come to a stop. Dean looked over at Sam and said, “Did he just drop anchor in Memphis?”
As if she can read his mind, Claire says, “Wanna burn one?”
Below is another unused manip of young merman Dean. I made several versions of the same image of Dean. Couldn't stand to throw away the ones I didn't use, so I posted them here.
The question itself seemed relatively innocuous. After all, the guy was right. Dean had known the risks of sending a warning and that’s why he’d been so very cautious about the manner in which he’d done it. The call to Sam had been untraceable and he was sure of it. But, even if he were wrong about that, the content of the call had revealed nothing.
Cas. Cas who had kissed him and accepted him and wanted him. Cas who had the most beautiful eyes he’d ever seen. Cas who he’d thought of and dreamt of and wished for ever since. Thoughts of his blue-eyed boy pulled Dean to the admission gate like a moth to a flame.
It was already late, but instead of going home, they went out to celebrate. Cas wanted to bring Hael along, which ended up being a good idea. It gave them an even number for pool, which they played all night without keeping score. Dean was riding a high and so was everyone else. That, plus a few drinks, had them talking too loud and laughing too long. And it only got worse when Benny came in from his shift and insisted on buying another round for them in honor of Dean finally coming out of hiding.
“Good tips?” muttered Jimmy.
The first few snowflakes of a pending storm had been falling as they’d walked into the bar a few hours ago, and now that they were leaving, snow was piled up six inches deep on the ground. In the open spaces it was drifting heavily. Benny drove Dean home, and the two wound up creeping along behind a snow plow. The ride seemed to take forever.
by a demon? Will he mourn your passing? Put flowers on your grave?”
Dropping to one knee, he fumbled through the pockets of the dead man at his feet. Then, he swiftly moved to the other body and repeated the action. Taking phones and wallets from them, Dean shoved them into the little can with everything else and then easily slipped the liner out. Leaving the canister behind, he carried a clanking, clunking bag of miscellaneous junk with him and followed his friend out into the stuffy Louisiana night. When passing through the doorway, Dean pulled his hand up into his sleeve and grasped the doorknob. Tightening his grip and twisting his clenched fist, he did what he thought was a decent job of getting rid of any fresh prints.
It wasn’t until the everyone else at the table rose that Dean realized the meal was over. Casting a glance at Cas, Dean could tell that the angel had been reading his mind as he ruminated on things. It was all over his face. When their group exited the building, Cas placed his hand on Dean’s shoulder. It was a gesture the two had long used to communicate solidarity and encouragement. Dean gave his angel a nod of appreciation as he soaked up the reassurance.
In the days that followed, Dean did his best to focus on other things and distract himself from thoughts of Cas. It was futile, but he tried. Most of the next week passed as usual until the following Thursday when he received an exciting call from his brother. Sammy confirmed that his holiday visit was a sure thing. Dean could barely contain his joy as he scribbled the dates and flight information on his calendar. When his younger brother asked about his love life, Dean found himself actually telling Sammy about having spent an evening with the man he’d been wanting, including the fact that they’d kissed. Sam updated him on the latest with his girl too and, after the call, Dean rode his emotional high all the way to work. He was just tying his apron when Max stopped by to tell him that he’d received a package and that it was waiting for him in the back office.
Guardians have one of the most dangerous, and thus exciting, jobs that merfolk can have. They literally guard the citizens. The Boneyard was probably not the most challenging detail a Guardian could have; it’s not like sharks prowled the area looking for meat. No. In this area, any blood had long ago dissipated or been ingested. The threat of predators was minimal here.
As he fucks himself in slow motion with the plug, Dean is moaning aloud and thinking about how badly he wants to feel a real cock slide into him. He’s also thinking about what it will look like when it happens… what the man sinking into him will see… how pink his hole will be as it’s stretched thin around a fat cock… the shape of his ass as his back bows under the weight of the man mounting him… just thinking these thoughts is erotic and when he feels his spent cock twitch and start to fill, he’s floored.
Dean nodded agreement and tried to keep his eyes from dropping down to look at the boys lips. He failed. He was watching when the flash of a pink tongue darted out and wet those lips. Snapping his eyes back up, he found Cas leaning towards him a little.
“Both of us?” questioned Cas.
“Toy Story?” Kevin asked tentatively.
Each resting cycle, Dean would swim back to his cavern. He’d eat a meal with his family and note his mother’s belly, which seemed to swell bigger with each cycle. Between the meal and sleep, there was free time and, most often, Dean’s free time was spent playing with his friends.
“I guess,” agreed Castiel half-heartedly.
"Anywhere you want," Sam was saying, still answering the hypothetical question Dean had posed, "I owe you my life Dean, this one and the one after it. Anything you need, man, it's yours. A trip, a house, a new damn car, anything."
“And pie,” he replied with a trademark wink.
“That’d be a dick move, right?”
As he trudged along with his group, looking forward to the next pub, his eyes followed Sam and Jess. They were sweet together. He smiled watching his brother pull her close and plant a kiss to the top of her head, ringlets of curls cascading down her back and hiding Sam’s hand as he worked his thumb up under her bra strap absentmindedly. Dean knew Sam was doing it, even though he couldn’t see it behind the curtain of her hair. He knew because that was one of his moves; Sammy had learned that from his big brother.
“Bug eyes?” repeated Dean, stunned at hearing that description attached to Cas. Cas, after all, was the handsomest of Dean’s friends… he’d just recently decided so.
Chuckling, Dean looked him in the eye for the first time since they left the civic center. “I guess you know me better than I thought.”
“Good one,” Dean laughed, shaking off his loss and giving Sammy his own reach-n-slap.
Dean chuckled but didn’t give any indication as to whether he liked the idea. “So you’re pretty busy today?”
“You’d better leave it open,” he tells her. “The sign says we’re open until five. I will lock up when I head out.”
“Perhaps not. But as with most things in life, the anticipation is half the fun. Why do you think edging is so intense?”
The rest of the survivors settled down on the ground to wait their turn. Dean and Cas turned to the wheelbarrow and pushed it over the Impala. Pulling some unused rope from the trunk they managed to secure the bundle a little better and get it loaded into the trunk. Then, with nothing left to do but wait, Dean put the key in the ignition and turned it backwards so that he could play music without actually turning the car on. The music seemed to have a calming effect on the group as they waited, keeping an unnerving silence from pressing in on them. Dean settled on the ground, leaning back against the driver’s side door and Cas slid down to join him.
When a chill sets in, Dean rolls toward his mate and the great beast opens his paws to him. As soon as he's snug against the soft, warm underside of his ware, those mighty paws curl protectively around him, circling him in warmth. The tender way that Cas closes his eyes as he begins to lick Dean's face speaks volumes. There’s undisguised reverence in the act and Dean surrenders to it. Revels in it.
“Yeah, yeah,” her rough voice was chuckling in his ear, “give yourself some time or this party will be over before it starts.”
“Nope just rested up a little.”
“Well then, it’s a good time to ask how you’re doing and get an honest answer.” The line went silent for a beat before Sam continued. “Dean? How are you?”
“Let’s not jinx it,” he sighed. “Let’s find somewhere we can get some sleep for now and see what comes of it tomorrow.”
“So Dean, let’s say you come out to your family and things play out the way you’ve described.”
Despite the constant cool temperature of their subterranean lair and the harshness of concrete floors, Dean had always felt cozy in his room here as long as there was soft lamplight shining. That’s why the lamp remained on almost constantly, sometimes even during the night while he slept.
Considering how quickly Dean had lost interest in the careers of common merfolk, perhaps it was time to think about himself in a more dangerous role. Thus far, the concerned look his mother had pointed at him when he mentioned such things had been a deterrent. But now, following along behind a precocious little squirt and biding his time, Dean had to admit that the only future he could really imagine for himself was one that held excitement. Danger. Uncharted waters.
“S’good,” nodded Dean. “Damn good. But you didn’t need to wait for me just to cut the cake.”
Dean watched the instrument panel light up. As the monitors blinked to life, he looked over at Benny. The man’s face was glowing warmly in the low lights. “It’s that easy to hotwire a damned boat?”
“Are you hungry Dean?” asked Cas without tearing his eyes away from the window.
“Yeah,” he answered, relaxing next to Dean. “Yeah, I can do that.”
The look on Lizzy’s face was comical as she glanced back and forth between Dean and Ash. “You two?” she asked. “You two are together?”
Time was passing, though he wasn’t sure how long he should wait. For a while he’d only been content to hold his new brother and keep him safe. But after he calmed down, he let Charlie take a turn holding the little sprout too. The babe was hungry, but all they had to offer him was their fingers to suck on. They sang softly to him and tried to keep him quiet as they waited an eternity for word from anyone regarding Dean’s mother and father, and the battle for their home.
“He probably went for a few drinks after his shift,” allowed Dean, “bein’ a cop is rough. ‘Specially on the night shift.”
“No. I was never looking him for him. But you’re wrong about my motivation. He wasn’t leverage. He was a distraction.”
“Sure thing.”
As time went by, Dean found himself hovering around one continuous thought. I. Am. So. Unhappy.
When he gestures to Claire, she says, “Isolation.” Unlike Krissy, she waits for him to nod permission before she sits down.
Chuckling in the dark, he speaks aloud, turning his head to aim the words over his shoulder at the hungry wolf behind him. “What, here?” The answering nudge is more of a shove. Dean’s grinning ear to ear like a kid with a dirty secret. It’s nice to know he’s not the only one who’s been needy for the other during their long days apart. He arches his back and presses into the snout at his rear. It’s a filthy invitation to his alpha wolf. “Aw’right then,” he whispers. “Come ‘n get some.”
"It's okay," whispered Cas.
He made a play for a chiseled specimen in the front row that looked like he was up for a rough ride. But sadly, the winning bidder in today’s auction was a heavy-set woman in a leather bustier. Her breasts were mushrooming out of the top along with a generous roll that went all the way around. Dean flashed her a wicked smile as a way of masking his disappointment.
It hadn’t taken long to get to the next beer cart, and when they swarmed up to it, Cas watched Sam order local beers for everyone and pay while his bride passed them around. Jess was clearly enjoying the outing even though she couldn’t drink, letting Sam cross off the countries for her as she babysat in them rather than drinking in them. As Jess was handing Cas his cup of frothy beer, Dean stepped up behind his brother and ordered two shots.
“What do you think?” prompted Sam, pulling something out from behind his back, “Wanna have some fun tonight?”
When he finally spoke, Novak’s voice had grown terse. His dominant side seemed to be reasserting itself. “That’s fine,” he said, “it really makes no difference to me.” Novak continued by saying, “At this point I can only assume that you’ve alerted your father about my last visit?”
“It’s not like I said yes.”
“She was,” agreed Sam from behind him, “And look at her now – a real actress – in an actual movie. She always said she was going to Hollywood, remember?”
“No,” Cas said softly from beside him. “I can see what you’re thinking. Don’t do it.”
“Maybe you should come to the march. We’ve got a great speaker lined up. She’s incredible. Inspirational. I bet you’d get a lot out of it.”
Sadly, the time investment that Cas has made with this man doesn’t pay off. Not only does he not offer to buy the car, he doesn’t even bother trying to haggle. After they say goodbye, Cas parks the car and covers it back over with the tarp. Then he pulls his newer one into the garage beside it and heads into the house.
Many, many thanks to Destiella. She's wonderful to work with and I've been SO LUCKY to have her with me on this project.
“I’m gonna get me some of that,” Cole said wistfully.
“He’s in here,” says Sam firmly, pressing his palm to their mothers heart. Internally rolling his eyes at the cheesy sentiment, Dean knows deep down that his brother is right. A piece of their father lives in both him and Sammy too. And now, surviving only in their memories, John Winchester is a much better man. With his shortcomings overlooked and nearly forgotten in death, he's become the very best version of himself.
“We only have two cameras,” she replied. “There’s one positioned with a view of the cash register and the other’s out back, where the trucks unload.”
Survival instincts were starting to kick in now. Finally. Feeling the need to focus, Dean shoved away the hands and mouths that were servicing him. Immediately he began to notice his clouded mind clearing. Rational thought was returning. Memories of the temptations he’d been offered still swirled in his mind and Dean had to acknowledge how much he wanted some of those things. He’d been offered a charmed life and part of him longed to accept it.
She looked him up and down. “Great job growing up, Dean,” she flirted. “I could really teach you how to use some of this equipment.”
Dean pulled him close again, kissing him more deeply. When they pulled apart for the last time, Cas whispered, “I’ll be dreaming of you…” and then he turned toward the darkness beyond the parking lot and was gone.
“Say my name, whore.”
“No problem,” she answered, oiling up her hands to get started. She might have been new among the brothel staff, but this girl knew how to give a massage. As she set to work on him, Dean closed his eyes.
Then, with both men laughing, they got back underway. Baby crossed the Florida state line that afternoon under a hot sun. Zeroing in on the coordinates, they exited the freeway shortly after that and headed south towards the water. The city was bright and colorful, locals and tourists mingling in the congested areas. They were about halfway across the bridge that connected mainland Pensacola to the isthmus where its beautiful white sand beaches lay, Dean turned to Benny and said, “We gettin’ close? ‘Cause we’re runnin’ out of road.”
“Answer me when I ask you a question, Dean,” commanded Novak, stepping around to put his face in front of Dean’s.
Suddenly thrilled because he knows what’s coming, Dean adjusts his stance to Benny’s height. With Benny a bit incensed, he’ll likely be rough. A cold sweat breaks out over Dean’s skin as he contemplates an anger bang from a man of Benny’s size.
Dean was still in between Pam and Cas when she pulled him up by the chin. She didn’t speak, but she looked deep into his eyes as she reached out and stroked his cock, taking a firm hold of him at the base of it and pulling him forward by it. He grinned stupidly at the gesture, giddy in the moment. The first push into her brought with it an intense rush. She removed her hand from him as he sank into her warmth. Dean felt his body become sloppy, like an octopus or a jelly fish, just completely shapeless. He slid into her waiting arms with a soft moan and surrendered helplessly.
“For you? Hell yeah,” answered Dean without hesitation.
“Does that come up frequently?”
“Dude, there’s a circus here too?”
“Water.”
When they reached the door to the master bedroom of the house, Castiel stopped and turned, waiting for Dean. Approaching the doorway, Dean felt trepidation and was glad when Cas reached out and placed his hand on the small of Dean’s back, ushering him into the room.
“Don’t be,” he said boldly. “I ain’t like these other whores. I can handle myself. Now, how ‘bout you tell me somethin’ useful before I lose my patience and just walk outta here.”
“No thanks,” Jack answers. “I just had McDonalds with the guys.”
With his old friends, Dean had never given much thought to the hierarchy of their group. But, in hindsight, he realized he and Cas had been the top of it. He’d never consciously worked towards that or made his decisions with that mindset though. Now that he was gone, he was sure that someone else had moved up to take his place at Castiel’s side. Since he worked hard not to look in their general direction though, he had no idea who it was.
They ate lunch together in the suite and then Cas headed in for a shower. Gabe gave him a clean pair of shorts and socks and laughed out loud when Cas showed him the t-shirt and undies he’d bought in the gift shop. He took his time in the bathroom, even laughing out loud at his own reflection when he combed out his hair. He looked even more like a tourist with his t-shirt on, but his laughter was inspired by picturing Dean’s reaction when he saw this particular t-shirt. It was heather grey and in huge block letters it proclaimed, “Real Men Wear Mouse Ears.”
"What, forever?" Ruby was sarcastic as usual, just as annoyed as everyone else.
" I invoke, conjure, and command you, appear unto me before this circle. I invoke, conjure, and command you, appear unto me before this circle. I invoke, conjure, and command you, appear unto me before this circle," Pamela chanted, eyes shut, voice confident and clear. Dean jumped as the TV flipped on, static buzzing loudly in his head, eerily familiar. His stomach leaped into his throat, eyes squeezing shut, lungs burning. In the background, he dimly was aware of Pamela still speaking.
"Or we hurl him back into damnation," she said, and Sam inhaled sharply at the same time Dean growled in frustration. Anna looked up at Dean and he looked over his shoulder at her, and her eyes spoke more than words could. If Dean died and got thrown back into hell, Castiel might perish too.  Dean didn't quite know how to feel about that, and he shut his eyes, stomach churning. They needed a plan.
When Castiel pulled off, he looked absolutely wrecked. His black hair was even more messed up than usual from Dean's rough handling, his chapped lips were swollen and red, his blue eyes crinkling around the corners as he gave Dean one of his rare smiles, and he had saliva and precum smeared all over his face. Dean thought he was
"Looks pretty over to me, junkless," he told the angel, stretching easily as if he had no care in the world. Uriel scowled and vanished abruptly, leaving Castiel standing there, staring at Dean in that uncomfortably intense way he seemed to have.
“I reiterate,” Dean said with a huff, “fucking insane.” Dean read the script on the web-page thoughtfully, silent for a moment. “Hey, check it out, there's actually fans! Not many of them, but still.” Dean read further, and paused, face crinkling in confusion, “what the fuck is a slash fan?”
Dean awoke in the dark- his mouth dry and panting heavily for air. He flipped on the lighter that was somehow miraculously in his pocket, and quickly realized where he was.
“That's just sick,” Dean scoffed, “we've gotta find this 'Carver Edlund.'” Sam looked fakely wounded, clutching a hand to his chest.
"Look at that," Uriel's quite unwelcome voice sneered, "it's so cute when monkeys wear clothes."
"What visage are you in now?" Dean asked, "what, holy tax accountant?" His voice wavered interestingly on the words, jaw clenching, and Castiel observed this with curiosity.
"Nah," Dean muttered, "he's better off where he is." Dean didn't want Sam to see this
Dean never wanted this to end, but he knew right beyond that door was the worst nightmare of his life. He clutched the lapels of Castiel's coat and kissed him right back, losing himself in the warm, glowy feeling of
Dean blinked, vision fuzzy, and he swayed dangerously, leaning against something warm and solid. As his head cleared, he realized he was clinging onto Castiel's shoulder, and let go like he'd been burned. Dean scowled, turned on his heel, and stomped away, "Where's the fucking door?"
,” Sam repeated, firmly, and Chuck looked horribly confused.
Dean bit his lip, almost thinking he could wake himself up that way, "yup, that's right. Besides, you're junkless down there, right? Like a fucking Ken doll."
"It gets worse. Choosing your own course of action is confusing, terrifying," Anna told him, and a half smile appeared on her face, "but I think you might find Dean is worth the trouble."
“How much do you know?” Sam asked, brow furrowed, “Do you know about the angels? Or Lilith breaking the seals?” The writer stopped in his tracks, staring at Sam as if he were an alien.
"What do you mean I can't go home?" Jimmy crossed his arms and scowled, looking horribly like Castiel when Dean annoyed him. "I don't think that you understand. I've been shot and stabbed and healed, and my body has been dragged all over the Earth. By some miracle, I'm out, and I am done. I've given enough, okay?"
"Good," she told him, and Castiel shook his head.
"Dean, he's your bond mate. I know he is. I've seen the way you are around him. You know it too," Sam's voice was soft, understanding in the way only Sam could be. Dean scowled.
Alistair's surprised and nervous glance at the syringe in his hand made Dean smile.
"Everybody's dying these days. And hey, I get it. You're all-powerful. You can make me do whatever you want. But you can't make me do this," Dean snarled, shoving at Uriel's chest furiously.
"Try the other way around," Anna said with a smirk, and Dean couldn't help but grin.
"You are really not going to like this," Chuck bit at his lip.
Castiel worked it all out, and it helped that he had had suspicions from the very beginning. Uriel was behind all the murders, some twisted sense of duty driving him, and killing each angel that refused to join him in his mad quest to bring back Lucifer. Uriel used Lucifer's angel blade to murder his own brothers and sisters. The battle with Uriel would have killed Castiel, he would have lost and left Dean behind, and as Uriel slammed his fist again and again into Castiel's face, blood pouring from his vessel, all Castiel could think of was Dean, how he had to get back to him, had to live in order to see him again. Castiel raised his hands in one last, weak defense when a blade pierced Uriel through his throat, light flashing and his vessel dropping to the floor dead, Anna standing behind him. Castiel blearily looked at the floor, at the ash wings burned on either side of Uriel, and silently wondered how many more of his brothers needed to die.
"I don't know what to do, tell me what to do!" Castiel whispered fervently, and Anna shook her head at him.
"Oh...no, I just kind of...overhear them," Anna replied, frowning, "it all started on September eighteenth."
"Why?" Dean asked, voice sharp.
"Nope," Dean raised an eyebrow, suddenly worried about the writer's sanity.
his brain whispered at him
"Thirties, forties, nineties. I will be here regardless," He reminded his mate, who gave him an unreadable look with curious green eyes.
"It's weird... like a recording... a loop. It says, 'Dean Winchester gives us Anna by midnight, or...'" Anna trailed off, face so grave that Dean's stomach dropped.
Anna was an angel. Just like Uriel, and just like Castiel. Dean really didn't need that shit.
"You can do that?" Dean asked dubiously, still more than a little taken aback at this whole situation. At least his fever had died down with Castiel far away from him, and the hex bags that Ruby gave them were keeping the other angels from finding them again, "so, what, you're just gonna take some divine bong hit, and, shazam, you're Roma Downey?"
In the end, the Winchesters fail. Dean really should have seen it coming, should have seen that Sam wasn't magically cured and that he couldn't fix everything. Samhain was raised, even if he was defeated the same night, and with the raising another of the angels' precious seals were broken. Dean wants to not care, but he thinks of the earnestness Castiel speaks with, and the mate in him makes his stomach churn. Dean goes through the motions of salting and burning the entire mausoleum, zombies destroyed for good, and he tries to focus on the fact he saved the town, and not look at his little brother wiping blood from his nose in the aftermath of sending the very powerful demon back to hell. Dean was terrified of his own brother, he was probably going to die from bond refusal because he was never ever going to let a creature who wasn't human claim him, and now he had the seals breaking to worry about as well. Overall, this had been a really peachy couple of days.
"We just got back from Pamela's funeral," he explained, sighing.
“The question is,” Dean replied, trying to keep his voice level, “how do
Castiel reached out a hand, curling his palm around Dean's cheekbone, brushing a thumb over the corner of his mouth, and Dean felt the sickness and pain ebb away, body strong and vitality restored in a matter of seconds. "Please," Castiel told him, eyes flickering from Dean's mouth to his eyes, "don't do anything that might put yourself in danger. I have been rather... distracted with worry."
"Look Dean," Sam kept his tone level and even, "we catch a fresh trail-"
"Take care of yourself, Dean," Castiel replied, and when Dean turned to scowl at him, Castiel was gone.
Sam stepped between Dean and Castiel, and Dean knew that look. That was Sam's
"Dumb sons of bitches didn't even salt and burn me..." Dean muttered to himself, clawing his way to the surface as quickly as possible. His arm was throbbing but there wasn't enough light to see by, and other parts of his body, like his dry throat, were of much more concern. With tenaciousness that came from long practiced years of escaping difficult situations, Dean dragged himself upwards, and after what seemed like hours his hand broke free and he yanked himself up, gasping in lungfuls of fresh air, almost crying with relief. He pulled himself the rest of the way out, spat out dirt, and looked around.
“Sounds like you landed yourself a nerd, dude,” Sam teased, and Dean socked him lightly in the arm before half smiling.
"You-" Castiel started to say, and then mentally reminded himself there was another human besides his mate in the room, "uh- both of you- need to leave this town immediately." Dean looked startled, and then suspicious, and Castiel despised the distrust his grace mate already harbored for him.
"Oh, so you call that thinking?" Ruby's expression was close to a snarl, and Dean was about to punch the bitch when Sam interrupted.
"They're coming," she whispered, bordering on hysterical, and Dean felt his stomach drop as the door burst open and he saw Castiel and Uriel on the other side. He had to turn to the side and heave for a second, body quaking violently, and he saw Castiel's hand reach for him for a second before he pulled it back to his side again. Dean wiped his mouth and forehead with his sleeve, and noted how big the jacket was hanging on his skinny frame, and he forced himself to look up at the angel.
"Cas always runs to you," Sam muttered, "fucking soulbonds. What happened to trusting your brother, Dean? What else did he tell you?"
Anael was touching his mate. She was carefully binding his broken ribs, laughing and talking with Dean, the Winchester's face and expression light and smiling in a way that it never was around Castiel. Castiel felt his grace churn unpleasantly, the urge to defend the so far non-existent claim on his mate almost overwhelming. Anael was whispering to him, and Castiel turned his hearing away, he really didn't want to know. He watched as she kneeled next to Dean, easily touching his face and shoulder, with a familiarity Castiel desperately wanted. He understood what this emotion was now, the angel had heard of it enough times to know.
"Well, I can see that. You want to explain why you have that stain in the room?" Uriel scowled in an arrogant sort of manner, and Ruby tensed, Sam shifting closer to her. Castiel stepped closer to Dean, violating his personal space, as always, so close Dean could smell him, lightning and rain and fresh earth.
"Well, we know who she is. If we work together we can-" Sam was cut off my by Uriel whirling and glaring at both the humans.
"This...this is a vessel," Castiel answered hesitantly, unsure how Dean would react to the fact that this was not really what the angel looked like. Dean's eyes had been traveling intently up and down Castiel's form, but when he spoke they snapped back up to his face with a look of disgust that surprised the angel.
When his older brother Lucifer fell from heaven and from grace, all the angels mourned his loss, and several hundred more followed suit, spiraling down and down, below the Earth, into another realm completely. Castiel’s brother Michael called this realm
"My superiors have begun to question my sympathies," Castiel whispered, trailing long fingers over Dean's cheekbones.
"You're some heartless sons of bitches, you know that?" Dean was angry now, and if Castiel were any kind of lesser being, he would have felt rather threatened by his tone. Instead, he just felt wounded by the words coming out of Dean's mouth, how his mate truly thought of him.
“Chuck,
Dean was always surprised when he was recognized, and this young redhead knew not only who he was, but Sam as well. "You're
. Castiel turned and flew to the surface, intent and vicious as he plowed through. He no longer thought of the great reward waiting for him. He screamed to his siblings:
"You're NOT a god." Sam sighed, his patience reaching its limit very, very quickly.
And then the demons joined the clusterfuck party. Alistair's eyes landed on Dean with a proud sort of smirk, and Dean wanted to vomit. He watched the angels face off with the demons, each posturing, sizing each other up. Castiel offered the demon an out, told him to leave, and as was typical, Alistair just laughed it off. When both sides finally leaped at each other, clashing in a battle that could be pulled straight from the Bible, Dean picked up an iron crowbar. He might as well join the party, after all, screw the weakness he was feeling at that moment.
"Hey! Hey, hey, hey! Stop that!" Sam pleaded, puppy eyes set at full blast. Dean scowled at him in defiance and Ruby sighed.
“I don't think Cas would take kindly to
If Castiel had ever thought he'd experienced bewilderment before, he knew it could never top the confusion he was feeling at this moment. Dean Winchester was nothing Castiel had thought he'd be. Castiel could tell at some level Dean knew he was his mate, the human's soul had leaped in joy at the sight of Castiel, somehow impossibly even brighter now in life than it had been in hell. Still, Dean shot a gun at him, and despite the obvious trembling in his muscles and the instincts screaming at him, the man had stabbed Castiel's vessel directly in his chest. The angel was indeed confused, a little hurt, and immensely impressed.
As Sam dialed 911 and Bobby spoke to Pamela, trying to keep her still and calm, Dean covered his eyes and cried silent tears.
Dean turned up the radio so loud he couldn't hear Sam if he was screaming at the top of his lungs, and from the corner of his eye he saw his younger brother heave a huge sigh.
Unfortunately for Sam, the fact that Jimmy was gone when they woke up said quite clearly that he didn't give a shit what they thought. Dean thought faintly it was a little funny, thought of how different this man was than Cas. Softer, attached to his family, hungry, and so HUMAN that Dean couldn't even picture him as Castiel anymore. He didn't want to think about what happened to his mate. The blood, the blown up room, the empty vessel; it ate away at him until he had to get moving. He had to get Castiel back, no matter what it took.
"I'm dreaming, aren't I?" Dean asked, looking to the side to see Castiel's face, handsome as ever but set into a serious expression.
"So this is about your buddy Lucifer again," Dean sounded disappointed, and Castiel wished he could visit Dean just once on his own, court him like he deserved.
“Castiel,” Dean said when he could breathe again, “her name is
"Maybe we should stop," Bobby's voice was concerned, and Dean agreed with him, though he couldn't vocalize it, he was having a hard enough time squeezing air into his lungs.
Dean would rather be anywhere else than standing in a concrete room looking at the one thing that terrified him most in the universe. Yes, the archdemon was trapped and motionless except for his head, but Dean's very core was trembling, some unpleasant mix of fear and hate churning together inside him until he felt ill. Alistair watched him come in, singing playfully, laughing, smirking, completely unafraid. Really though, why should he be afraid? Dean wondered to himself, setting up his cart and doing his best to ignore the demon.
"You should talk to your plumber about the pipes," Alistair laughed, and he tore into Dean. The next thing Dean knew, pain was exploding through his body so badly he thought he was in Hell all over again.
,” Dean ranted, flopping onto his back, “everything from the racist truck to me having
Dean worked well into the night, slicing, dicing, injecting holy water under skin, flaying flesh and doing everything and anything he had in his learned arsenal of torture. He grew colder and more harsh with each drop of blood, face set like stone, mouth in a permanent snarl. Alistair continued to taunt him until it was difficult to speak, until Dean finally struck fear into him. And still, Alistair didn't tell Dean who was killing the angels. The thought that Castiel might be next on the list made Dean slice that much harder, relishing the violent screams from the bound demon. When the faucet behind Dean turned slowly, water dripping from above, it went completely unnoticed.
"Please tell me you're here to help. We've been having demon issues all day," Dean's voice was rough and hoarse, and he saw Castiel wince slightly. Uriel just looked plain irritated.
Dean had been tested with holy water and silver more in the past twenty four hours than he had been in his entire life.  Several shallow slices were on his arms from the silver knife, marring the already torn up skin. He still had holy water in his hair, and now he was blinking it out of his eyes for the fifteenth time.
"Exactly. Someone could be listening," Castiel's head lifted towards the sky as if he expected someone to speak.
Dean rubbed his eyes with the heels of his palms, groaning in irritation, "then why are you here?"
“Dean,” Castiel said, and his voice was rough and broken, “I could hurt you. I have never done this before, and I am much stronger than you.”
It had been centuries since Castiel actually had time to come down and look at the world, and even now he was keeping several pairs of eyes in each direction.. The angels had learned the hard way that most humans could not look at them or listen to them safely. This had led to the necessity of vessels, devoted, religious human beings that connected with the matching angelic being. Castiel looked around now, up in the sky were contraptions the humans called airplanes, and he remembered the labor and time those took to create. Down below him were the vehicles called cars, and houses made of sturdy materials, and humans living everyday lives none the wiser of anything out of order. Angels were something no one had ever seen except in the odd, not quite accurate book they called the Bible, and monsters were things to scare small children. Only the few hundreds of those that were called Hunters knew of the abominations that were scattered across Earth. Castiel watched these most of all, impressed at the ingenuity of the kills, the soldier in him pleased with their sense of duty. When he was called back to heaven, he was reluctant to go.
“What will you guys do? Will you stay here?” Sam asked.
After what seemed like minutes, but was in reality likely only seconds, Cas spoke.  His voice echoed directly into Dean’s ear (and if he was feeling like a chick-flick moment he likely would have said the words echoed directly into his soul as well).  “You didn’t lose me, Dean.  I’m here, in your room, holding you.  And I love you too, every part of you.  Even the self-deprecating part that just made you give that guilt-ridden speech.”
“Oh my god, get up here you son of a bitch.” Dean stated as he pulled Cas up and into a deep kiss, tasting himself on Cas.  As they kissed Dean rolled Cas onto his back and then promptly rolled off.  He reached behind him into the nightstand and pulled out a bottle of lube.  He tossed his head back to Cas and said: “How the fuck are your pants still on by the way.  Off. Now.”  Cas smiled and worked to comply after a sarcastic salute.  Just as his pants and boxers hit the floor Dean rolled over onto his side by Castiel and wrapped his dick in a lubed up hand.  It was Cas’ turn for his head to hit the pillow. Dean set an unrelenting pace up and down Cas’ throbbing and leaking cock.
Cas chuckled, “Maybe, Dean.  But I think it had more to do with the lecture Sam just gave me.”
Cas ignored him, threw open the door to Dean’s room and shoved him inside, closing the door behind them.  “You’re an idiot Dean.”
As if waiting for permission, Dean came in thick ropes between them.  His head was thrown back, eyes closed as he panted and moaned Cas’ name.  The mere sight was enough for Cas to join him, throbbing powerfully as his orgasm shot through him.  He knew his sexual experience was limited, but that was by far the most overwhelming thing he’d ever felt.  Cas collapsed onto Dean’s chest briefly before he found the strength to roll over on his back, quickly turning his head to view his best friend.  Dean seemed to be struggling to regain his breath as well.  Eventually Dean turned, a wide smile across his face.  He leaned in and lightly kissed Cas’ lips.
Dean hadn’t said Castiel’s name in 5 months.  Sam and Dean both knew it, but it was an unspoken rule that no one acknowledged it.  Sam had attempted his normal emotionally sensitive approach to the angel’s death, but clearly all his attempts at conversation had failed.
Dean was so close to Cas he was having trouble processing his words, but he knew this was important.  He had to fight the urge to forego this conversation and just close the very, very short distance between their mouths.  He gathered his thoughts enough to answer. “Of course that’s not all going to go away Dean.  It’s not like I don’t have baggage of my own.  But there are no secrets between us anymore; we’ve been there for each other for most of the terrible experiences in our lives.  We’re both going into this with our eyes wide-open and we’d figure it all out together.  We love each other despite, and because of, all those things.  What’s keeping us from letting ourselves have this if we both want it?”
Sam released a heavy sigh and ran a hand through his hair. Finally he said “When are you two going to own up to how you feel? Honestly it’s getting a little ridiculous, and I’m tired of watching you dance around it.”
Dean lay pinned on the ground beneath the largest of the four demons. Honestly where had he even found a meat suit that large? The man looked like a pro-wrestler at the very least.  Dean was struggling to keep the man’s forearm from crushing his windpipe and Cas followed his innate programming without thought, save Dean Winchester.  He dove at the demon with his full body weight rolling him to the ground and off of Dean.  He managed a cut to the demon’s chest and forearm before he was rolled to his back.  His fatal error was lifting his head to try and push the man off him.  Rather than move, the demon pushed back, and with a sickening crunch he felt his head hit pavement.  He thought maybe he heard someone yell his name before he passed out, but he couldn’t really be sure, head injuries were funny like that.
“He hasn’t been in a good place since you…”  Mary faltered with her explanation.
Dean looked confused. “Lecture? About what?”
There was nothing special about that morning.  Sam, Mary, and Dean sat around the map table, drinking coffee and casually surfing their computers for potential cases.  Right up until the bunker door swung open with a loud creak.
“I’m so glad you’re here Cas. I really thought I’d never see you again, never get to tell you…”
Sam sees the clarity come across Dean’s face and rolls eyes. “Wow I think he finally got it.”
To Dean’s utter surprise, a small but confident smirk spread across Castiel’s handsome face.  And Dean lost what remained of his control.  Before he could second-guess his actions his hand was grasping Cas’ hair and pulling him towards him.  Cas got the hint and moved in closer, meeting his lips in the middle.
“I love you so much Dean.”
Cas ignored the confusion in Mary and Sam’s faces, instead staring wholeheartedly at Dean’s firmly closed eyelids.  “Hello Dean”
He was caught totally off-guard, then, when Dean strode across the room and entangled both his hands into Cas’ wild hair while roughly connecting their lips.  His body firmly pressed Cas’ into the door and he nearly gasped in relief at the feeling.  He’d always imagined kissing Dean would be amazing, and frankly he’d imagined it a lot.  However, nothing could have truly prepared him for the zing of electricity that coursed through him as their lips met again and again.  He was so shocked it took him whole seconds to respond and move his hands to Dean’s hair and then back.  Castiel was nearly frantic with the feelings and lust coursing through him.  He wanted Dean, badly; he always had but had forced himself to temper those feelings in order to maintain their friendship.  It seemed he wasn’t alone as Dean pulled back to place their foreheads together, panting.
“Well you are an idiot, and you needed to know it.  But that’s not why I dragged you in here.  I dragged you in here to tell you you’re wrong, about everything.  You’re father too.  You’ve made me happy since the day I met you, Dean Winchester.  I didn’t even know what happiness was until I met you.  I want to be with you until the day I die, and every decision I’ve made for the past 10 years has been made to stay by your side.  I don’t believe a word of what your father told you. You can be happy, whether you’re a hunter or not, and there is nothing wrong with loving a man if that’s how you feel.  You deserve to be loved more than anyone.  But really I just wanted you to know that I will have lived a long, full, and happy life if you’ll just let me stay with you.  As your friend, or as anything else.”
“You know, Cas.  I really thought this was it, that you were in the empty and I’d never see you again.  Instead you’re up here just living in our home and waiting for me to bite it?  I’m not sure if I’m the happiest I’ve ever been or just totally hallucinating.  But mostly I’m just really, really sorry.”
“Unh… shit, Cas!”
“You’re wrong Sam.  Dean is attracted to women, not men.  And he certainly doesn’t feel anything towards me other than kinship and brotherly love.  I’ve had to accept that, but it doesn’t change the fact that I’d do anything for him.”  Cas glanced at his hands wrapped tightly in the bed’s comforter and loosened them so he could run a hand through his disheveled hair.  Finally he looked at Sam with wide, and sad, but resolute eyes.
Sam approached his kneeling brother cautiously, as if approaching a skittish animal.  He pretended in his mind that was solely for his brother’s benefit, but really he needed the extra time to coach his swirling emotions to emerge in a normal sounding tone.
They’d fallen into a routine of sorts.  While Dean hadn’t died, he also hadn’t yet chosen to live.  However, both Sam and Mary believed he was heading in a positive direction.  His hunts had become less reckless, and he was accepting help from his family and other hunters.  He was sleeping again, at least for his personally prescribed four hours.  He still wasn’t cooking, but he would accept food, and occasionally pie if placed in front of him.  Still, Dean would never acknowledge that anything was wrong.  In fact Dean acted as though nothing had ever changed.  It made Sam feel sick to his stomach.
“Dean?” Sam finally asks after clearing his throat. “Where… where are we?”
Dean knew he was fully crying now, but couldn’t seem to find it in himself to care.  Particularly when he saw who was seated in front of the bar but looking his way, Ellen’s daughter Jo. She too had a smile firmly in place but seemed to sense Dean needed some space to process.  As he did every time he was overwhelmed, Dean looked to his brother.  When Charlie had attacked him he’d seen his brother get similar treatment out of the corner of his eye, but he couldn’t tell who it was that had grabbed him.  The reason no sounds had penetrated his talk with Charlie soon became clear, Sam was rapidly conducting a signed conversation with a giggling and ecstatic Eileen.  Neither even looked over at his discovery.  As his head swam, Dean finally canvassed the entire room.  He nearly passed out when his eyes met Bobby’s as he stepped up behind Ellen, then Kevin’s-seated at a booth with Ash and Pamela.  At the next table sat a strikingly pretty blond girl with a coy smile on her face.  Despite her confident air, Dean could tell she was slightly uncomfortable as she watched Eileen and Sam catch up.  Dean couldn’t place her immediately until Charlie moved to sit across from her at the booth and placed her hand atop hers on the table.  The comforting gesture as his brother enthusiastically flirted in sign language jogged Dean’s memory.  Jessica.  The pretty girl was Sam’s Jess, just waiting to be noticed.  Dean’s heart sank a bit but he wasn’t ready to process that emotion.
Cas gazed back at Dean, because let’s be honest, Sam thought to himself, all he ever did was gaze at Dean. There really was no other word for it.
Dean’s smile grew impossibly wider and another tear broke loose. He leaned in for another kiss now that he could.
When Cas was positioned across from Dean he stopped, waiting for some sort of response.  He was rewarded a moment later when Dean slowly lifted his face and connected his weary green eyes with Castiel’s vibrant blue.
Sam tried to takeover.  “Cas he was sure you were gone for good.  I didn’t think he’d come back from that.  You… you were gone, man”
Cas squinted his eyes in confusion at the unexpected question.  Dean laughed, Castiel was again surprised by his behavior.
Bobby glanced back with an exaggerated eye roll. “Probably because that angel’s always been a Winchester and none of you could ever follow the rules?”
“Longer than I thought. No wonder he’s so upset with me.”
Dean wiped his eyes and walked out of the room without so much as a glance back.  Cas gently let his head rest on the headboard and cursed his head injury, and John Winchester a little too.  If nausea weren’t entirely debilitating him at the moment Cas would have been chasing Dean down that hallway, as it stood he was useless for the moment.  He had never realized how deeply John had truly inserted himself into Dean’s psyche.  Obviously he knew the damage the man had caused, anyone who met either brother did to some extent, but this level of destruction was new information.  Dean thought he was unworthy of love, incapable of making him happy, and incapable of loving a man? Because it was wrong according to his father of course.  Cas was furious, unfortunately anger with a dead man didn’t have a great outlet or purpose.  This wasn’t over like Dean thought it was.  Once he could move out of this bed Dean and he would have another little chat.
Dean seemed unsure how to respond to Cas’ last comment.  He opened his mouth and closed it several times before his shoulders hunched forward and his face fell.  Finally he looked across the table at Cas with wide and, judging by the brief flash Sam saw as he turned, watery eyes.
Cas pulled back just a fraction to reply. “Me too Dean, I really was prepared to spend eternity in the empty. But the thought of never seeing you again…”
“Yes, yes, yes” Cas chuckled a bit at Dean’s new affinity for speaking in triplicate, but took his words to heart as he more rapidly disrobed them both.  Finally they were naked from the waist up, chest-to-chest, and all the breath left Castiel’s lungs.  Dean seemed to be in the same boat as he exhaled harshly and moved to Cas’s neck, sucking hurried kisses up to his jaw.  Dean’s hands stroked in tandem up Cas’ chest and bracketed his face as he pressed another soft kiss to his lips.
So as Dean came to in the Impala, Sam rapidly sitting upright beside him, he knew exactly where he was.  Should have known anyways probably, downstairs was closed for business of course and he wasn’t an angel or demon (at the moment), or a ghoul, vampire, werewolf, shifter, or leviathan (again, at the moment).  So, yeah, he guesses he should have known.  All demons were stuck in hell, angels go to the empty, monsters go to purgatory, and apparently Sam and Dean Winchester go to heaven.  Huh, who would have guessed it?  To be honest though, Dean’s not psyched about this outcome.  Sure, it’s better than the alternatives he supposes.  But being hermetically sealed in solitary, even if solitary had a cushy memory foam mattress and all the busty Asian beauties he could handle, sounded like crap to him.  In fact, why was Sam even here? Was this like some pity move from the angels? One last romp down memory lane with his sasquatch brother?  Because this wasn’t how it went down last time they made a cameo up here, and Dean was suspicious.  Funny, guess even in literal heaven Dean can’t let himself relax.  Figures.
Cas smiled softly. “Hi, Sam. I feel ok, my head hurts though.”
“Dean, you know you have no control in this situation. This is MY call.”
The next time he opened his eyes the brightness was much less and the pain much more bearable.  Now he could see Sam was the one who had spoken.
Sam raises his eyes skyward and heaves a put upon sigh. “You’re really telling me that after everything we’ve been through, after everything Cas has done for you, you think he’s not head over heels in love with you?”
Sam trailed off and met Dean’s gaze. He wasn’t expecting the full and genuine smile across Dean’s face as he stood up and hugged him.
“We’re both fine, don’t worry.  I caught up with you both right in time to see your head hit the pavement. Between Dean and I we killed the demon quickly, got you in the impala and brought you back here. Mom, Jack, Dean, and I have been taking turns watching you until you woke up.  It’s been almost a full day, thus Dean’s pacing.”
Dean smiled back, “You know, I really did miss you buddy.”
Dean’s in panic mode now, shoving Cas’ hand under the faucet and trying to wash the blood away to find the source. He’s sure Cas has taken a nail through the hand and in his head he’s planning fastest routes to the closest hospitals, thinking about whether he should take the nail out or leave it in, if he still has dental floss in his first aid kit… Where is his first aid kit!? He’s so panicked it takes him a second to realize, there is no nail in Cas’ hand. The blood is coming from the webbing between his thumb and pointer finger, the nail just nicked it. He’s so relieved, so quickly, that he feels nauseous and jittery and as he begins to focus on his surroundings he feels Cas’ other hand trying to turn his head to face him.
Cas heaved a heavy sigh but looked relieved for the opening.  He looked quickly between both brothers before answering. “Yes, Sam, I believed that to be the only way.  However, when I got to heaven it turns out Naomi had been holding back an alternate solution.”
There was a lot of conversation after that, mainly due to questions asked by his brother.  Dean couldn’t form a single thought and refused to leave Cas’ side.  That seemed to suit Cas just fine.  The conversation finally caught Dean’s attention when it turned to the changes Charlie had mentioned in heaven.  Their very own Castiel had apparently had a major role in that, and those “residents” Charlie spoke of were essentially just everyone currently in this room.  Dean had no complaints.  Eternity with his loved ones was infinitely better than the crapshoot those winged dicks were running before.  Oh, and Castiel’s appearance in heaven finally made sense too.  He had a soul.  He wasn’t entirely clear on when that had happened.  Either Chuck finally gave them a fucking break, or it just came with the territory of being human- no matter for how short a time.  All Dean cared about was that he was here, and he was here for good. He was here, with him or,  you now, with them.  Ok, who was he kidding at this point… he was dead for Christ’s sake!  Him, his angel was finally fucking here, with HIM.  At his honesty with himself a huge relieved smile spread across his face, he probably looked insane but couldn’t find it in himself to care.  This feeling of warmth and released tension was spreading outward from his chest.  How messed up was it that for the first time he was happy and relaxed, in death.  Ellen handed him a cold pint of beer and the feeling spread even further.
Cas may not have been as strong as he once was, but he was still a skilled fighter and he still had his angel blade.  Between the two of them they were able to quickly take down the first two demons, the remaining two were a little trickier.  Cas took a moment to take a quick breath, and spared a thought to Sam elsewhere in the warehouse.  Hopefully he didn’t have his own demons to contend with by himself.  After the thought crossed his mind he pushed it aside and jumped back into the fray.  Luckily his fighting skills had always relied more heavily on his speed and cunning rather than outright strength, and in a matter of moments (despite sustaining a few heavy blows) he sunk his angel blade into the demons chest.  Before the life could even finish sparking out of his assailant he heard a cry behind him.
looked at Dean, and all Dean could think for several seconds was how blue those eyes were, such an odd shade that he couldn't help but get distracted. Mentally, Dean kicked himself, this thing wasn't even human, and since when had he even been attracted to men at all anyway?
There was miles and miles of unmarred, gorgeous skin, paler than Dean's own. Cas wasn't nearly as slight as he looked in the hideous too-large suit he normally wore, he actually had a very sturdy frame, and his muscles were toned, not an extra ounce of fat anywhere. It was a runner's body, and Dean took a moment to watch the muscles ripple as Castiel shifted his weight. Inevitably, Dean's gaze trailed lower, and he bit his lip as he caught sight of Cas' cock, standing hard and flushed, curving towards Castiel's stomach, not as large as Dean's but still a very respectable length and girth. Dean's mouth was suddenly very dry, and he buried his face into the angel's neck, taking deep breaths, trying to steady his nerves. Cas held him out at arm's length, cupping his face in warm hands and stroking thumbs along Dean's mouth, brow furrowed in concern, “Dean, you don't need to do this right now. I don't wish for you to... regret this later.” His voice was just as rough and raw as Dean had hoped, and Dean looked up, meeting Castiel's eyes, smiling at the longing there.
"Hello, Castiel," Anna replied, and Castiel turned to look at her, making sure his expression was impassive.
"Umm...guys?" Anna piped up, voice unsure, "the angels are talking again."
"I know," was all Anna said, a little sadly, though Dean didn't think it was because of the rejection, "Castiel is a good angel. He's a good soldier...but he's always been a little off, a little different. Give him a chance, Dean, you never know. You were crafted for him after all, and that would make you two a first. Angels have never been crafted to couple with a human in the entire history of Earth." Dean pressed a hand over his mouth, trying to breathe. "Be careful, Dean," Anna whispered, and she walked away, gravel crunching under her feet, and Dean slumped across the hood of the car.
“I still don’t understand why Father would make such a confusing way of finding who you are meant to be with,” Castiel grumbled under his breath, but he put the thought to the back of his mind and concentrated on keeping up with Gabriel.
"Well, what are you waiting for?" Dean smiled innocently at Uriel, "go get Anna. Unless, of course, you're scared?"
” Dean snapped, and Sam didn't even disagree.
"Winchester and Winchester," Uriel said, inclining his head in arrogant recognition. Castiel shifted uncomfortably, shuffling a step towards Dean, face conflicted.
"Yes! Okay? Yes. The way you've been acting lately? The things you've been doing?" Dean's voice was dangerously close to a shout now, "I know how you ripped Alastair apart like it was nothing, like you were swatting a fly. Cas told me."
Sam Winchester?" she asked, looking at the taller Winchester, and when Sam nodded she looked at Dean, gaze intense, "and you're Dean Winchester.
"No, no way, you can't ask me to do this, Cas. Not this, anything but this," Dean whispered, pinching the bridge of his nose.
"No thanks to you," Dean answered, his voice raspy, and Cas frowned.
“Look,” Sam butted in, tone a little kinder than Dean's, “we just wanna know how you're doing it.”
"What's... going on?" the man blinked familiar blue eyes, and Dean wanted to believe everything was okay, that Castiel was unharmed.
Castiel's mate consistently disproved his expectations, and it was both impressive and infuriating. To the angel's frustration, after his first time meeting his grace mate in that warehouse, it was weeks before he saw him again, and then it was only to send Dean back in time. Dean was quite displeased with the suddenness of the event, and when Castiel told him about the seals and about the work that the angels were passing to him, Dean had resisted, he hadn't wanted the job. That had been completely unexpected. It seemed to be the Winchester way to do the complete opposite of what was asked. They were at odds right now, Dean Winchester struggling with the angels and the seals, and Sam Winchester struggling with the addiction to demon blood and unhealthy attractions to the demon Ruby. Castiel had yet to meet Sam, but he knew Dean's feelings about his brother, and while the angel in him was repulsed by the abomination that was the man with the demon blood, his grace was also telling him that he should treat his mate's family like his family. Castiel had to admit he was probably just as much at war with himself as the brothers were right now.
When the boys got back to the motel, they packed their duffle bags to leave the next day, exhausted and aching from the fight. Dean wasn't sure whether right now he'd rather be alive or back in hell. When he fell asleep, he dreamed of cutting into souls, torturing and maiming, and he dreamed of warm light cutting through the bitter cold. He woke up with his arm burning and in a terrible mood.
"Nothing I don't already know. That you've been using your psychic crap, and you've been getting stronger. We just don't know why, and we don't know how," Dean snapped, crossing his arms. Sam just mirrored his look, scowl and all.
“The Chuck Shirley who wrote the 'Supernatural' books?” Sam added, his tone barely any nicer than Dean's.
"I'm considering disobedience," Castiel told her, and Anna nodded.
"I wanna talk to Cas alone," Dean announced, glaring at Uriel as if he was daring him to argue.
"You're worth it," the angel responded, "you've always been worth it." In the next moment, Castiel had leaned forward, and he was kissing Dean, lips chapped but so soft, and Dean smelled and tasted ozone and electricity, like he was tasting the sky.
"Anna, Anna, please," Castiel prayed, begged, and the streetlight above Castiel flickered, Anna appearing behind him.
He startled violently as the TV flipped on, static spitting at him. When the high pitched ringing started, he almost thought it was the TV overheating, until the pitch grew so loud he shouted and covered his ears, his eyes squeezed shut as windows exploded and shattered around him, glass cutting into his skin with tiny slivers. He curled into a ball, pain running through his body- not just his ears and the little cuts in his arms, but his stomach and chest. They constricted, making it hard to breathe, and he panted for air, and for one ear shattering second he thought he heard his name. Abruptly, the sound stopped, and Dean carefully took his hands off his ears, listening as much as he could with the fuzziness now running through his brain.
The siren tried to attract Dean to a woman, strippers with little clothing and glitter everywhere. It made Castiel feel ill to see Dean around these women, the type of women the human would normally enjoy being with. The siren couldn't sense the bond because it wasn't complete, and Castiel saw it become very confused when it couldn't attract Dean to its womanly form. Instead, it went for a platonically friendly form, a man with the same tastes as Dean, and when Sam and Dean were pitted against each other, Castiel watched in horror. Sam could easily kill Dean in his condition, and that would be heart wrenching for everyone involved. Castiel had flown to the scene of the fight, just in time to see Bobby Singer kill the monster, Dean and Sam both worse for wear. Two days later, Dean began coughing up blood.
"Was it the demons?" Dean asked, voice trembling.
"What do you want from me, Castiel?" Anna's voice was impatient, and Castiel swallowed hard.
"I have his permission," Castiel smiled, "not that it was easy to gain." Dean laughed at that, and finally looked over his shoulder at the angel.
"I don't want to be paired with something that's not human," Dean said, voice soft, "or, I didn't. I'm still not sure, Castiel. I haven't seen much to prove why I should choose someone like you besides basic biology."
characters!” Chuck told them, sounding exasperated and a bit frightened, “I made them up! They're not
"I'm just thinking out loud!" Dean snapped, rubbing his throbbing temples.
"You mean,
Castiel was experiencing another unpleasant emotion he wished he would have never discovered in his entire exsistence. He and Uriel were tossed into the far corner of Russia by the banishing sigil, luckily still in their vessels. His grace hurt with the forced flight, but the minute Castiel became aware of himself again, he took off, disappearing without a word to Uriel, worry over his mate giving him focus. Dean didn't know it, but Castiel had been monitoring him for some time now, trying to keep him as safe as possible with the bond withdrawal weakening him more every day. He knew precisely where the group was headed, despite whatever spell was now blocking him from sensing his mate. Castiel flew directly to Bobby Singer's house, through the floor into the basement, to what they called the "panic room," and that was where he drew to a stop, instantly masking his grace to not alert Dean he was there through the bond, and making his vessel invisible and soundless.
your-" Sam started to say, and Dean cut him off with a sharp shake of the head and a glare. "But, Dean, he's a-" Dean scowled furiously and Sam finally shut his mouth and frowned, eyeing the angel as if sizing him up. Castiel couldn't resist standing a little straighter, reminding himself he could take down this man with one finger, even if the human was half a foot taller than his vessel. Dean cleared his throat and Sam's eyes softened, and he stepped closer to the angels. "Oh my God," he said, reaching a hand out to Castiel, "I didn't mean to... I mean, it's really an honor to meet you, seriously!" Castiel stared at the hand for a second, his limited human interaction made him awkward to human tradition, and when Sam mimed a shaking motion he finally remembered the proper protocol and shook his hand. The angel wasn't sure whether Dean's brother was treating him so fondly because he knew he was supposed to be Dean's mate, or because he was an angel, or some combination of both. Still, Castiel's grace recoiled a little bit at the touch, and his vessel's skin crawled.
"What the fuck, Cas?!" Dean exclaimed, looking around at his surroundings in confusion. "Where are we? Why did you bring me here?"
"Don't wanna talk to or about the son of a bitch," Dean growled, "I'm
Dean got into the Impala with Sam, and true to form, it wasn't long before Sam caught on to a lead in the case, all from the condition of the bones in the hex bag. Dean really wasn't much help, he was too busy trying to crush the butterflies in his stomach, kill the tingling in his fingers and toes. He hated this feeling; he hated it with a passion. "I didn't think they'd be such dicks," Sam muttered as they drove back to the school to follow the lead on the witch, eyes locked on Dean.
... my mouth," the angel told him, and Dean hissed between his teeth, eyes wide both from hearing the angel swear and from what he was proposing. Dean swallowed hard, looking at his mate.
"I'm not sure what I can do. It's a prophecy. I can't interfere," Castiel admitted, and Dean's anxiety abruptly flared into anger.
Sam rolled his eyes at Dean, motioning towards the laptop, “The books are pretty obscure. I mean, like almost zero circulation. The writer went bankrupt after publishing the last book, ‘
"So, it looked like an angel royale battle back there. Wanna tell us what happened?"
, Sammy. Don't you dare fucking try to tell me he's meant for me. All of that is crap," Dean fumed, eyes focused firmly on the road, " You saw what a dick he is, and that body isn't even
Dean cried out again, hand slipping off the knife. Some kind of expression crossed
Dean didn't respond to this, apparently having come to the same conclusion. Instead, he fixed green eyes on Castiel, expressionless, and asked again, with less bite in his words now, "who are you?"
"We're wasting time with these mud monkeys," Uriel piped up, and Dean saw Castiel twitch, the angel's eyes narrowing at his colleague.
"Your orders were to follow my orders?" Dean questioned disbelievingly. Since when did heaven ever listen to someone like Dean, even if he was a hell of a lot less dickish than the angels he'd met?
'" she told him, eyes boring into him. "Castiel was shouting that so loudly it was impossible to miss." Dean coughed again, eyes watering. He hated hearing that name. That name made his heart leap and stomach churn, and he felt sick enough as it was. "Dean, is he your...?" Anna placed a gentle hand on his arm, and Dean struggled to breathe for a second.
"You know, the only thing I remembered in Hell was that name," Dean muttered, head throbbing, "he sure isn't what I pictured. Not at all." Anna smiled, her hand sliding up to cup Dean's cheek, eyes soft.
"Is it true?" Dean's voice was little more than a whisper, and Castiel trailed his hand through Dean's hair, "did I break the first seal? Did I start all this?"
"He's a devout man. He actually prayed for this," Castiel hastened to reassure his mate. He hated the way Dean was currently looking at him.
"A little scared, I guess. I wanted to thank you," Anna replied, eyes on Dean, traveling over his face. He swallowed hard and forced out a laugh.
"Somehow I don't think you'll try. Where is Uriel?" she asked, and Castiel frowned.
"One day these books will be known as the Winchester Gospel," Castiel announced proudly, because after all, it was his mate it would be written about, whether Dean disapproved of some parts or not. Unfortunately, this seemed to alarm the rest of the room.
"Out of all my brothers," Anna murmured, eyes locked onto his, "trust me when I say you landed the best choice." Dean frowned, brain turning this over, and was interrupted by Sam calling them over.
Covering the distance at a quick pace, tugging up his collar to block the cold wind, he marches around behind the neighborhood in question and circles far out of his way to be able to approach as if coming from Gordon’s place. He knocks on the door, rubbing his palms together in an attempt to use friction for heat. His fingers have nearly gone numb. This is why he’d been so careful to clean his knife and keep clear of the kill. He’d known he’d have to keep up appearances. If he’d returned home bloody, he would’ve had to explain Gordon’s death. Clean like he is, Dean only has to let slip that the man is missing.
“Oh fuck. Cas. Caaaaas.”
Cas must be feeling pretty cocky because he’s smirking again and definitely not slowing down. Dean wants to retaliate but his brain is currently a pile of mush. Instead he uses the leverage he has from under Cas’ shirt to pull it off, causing them to temporarily break contact. He pulls his own off while he’s at it and when he resurfaces Cas has also pushed his shorts and boxers down past his own cock. Dean almost chokes but instead pulls Cas in from a brief but steamy kiss. Then he sends out a quick prayer to whoever is listening now (hopefully not Jack…) that gay porn is a little more accurate than straight porn tends to be, pushes his own sweatpants down, and grasps both their cocks with his hand. He resumes the pace Cas had set, and something must be going right because Cas moans and lays his head down on Dean’s shoulder as if he can no longer support his own weight. Dean turns so he can speak directly into Cas’ ear.
“And yet, here you are.”
Finally Dean paused as if to let Cas answer, but apparently no answer was forthcoming for the moment.  Sam finally took pity and asked Cas for clarification.
Finally, on a solo visit to see Sam and Eileen (for some reason Cas actually likes staining wood and wanted to keep working on his own…), Dean feels like it’s time to come clean to his brother.
“Heya, pal.  Get sick of Sam’s touchy feely crap already?” Dean was attempting a non-chalant and off the cuff facsimile of his usual persona, and Cas wasn’t buying it.
“Wow ok. You’re more of an idiot than I thought Dean.”
“Jesus, Cas.  I’ve never felt anything like that.”
“Cas “helped”, huh? Why am I not surpised?”
Cas shrugged and replied, “I suppose you might see it that way, yes.”
“Oh yeah… that guy was huge.” Memories started to trickle painfully back into Cas’ brain and he shot up quickly, nausea shooting through him. “Dean! Is he ok? Where is he?”
They both stopped laughing but still had smiles pasted on their faces.  Nothing could stop their relief now that everything was out in the open.  Cas wiped the liquid from the corners of his eyes and spoke up.
Dean smiled and answered easily, “Sure, what’s up?” as Cas signed “of course” across from him.
“From the sounds of it, it came from years and years of pent up exasperation and frustration.  With the both of us.  And I don’t know if it’s this screw that got knocked loose, the lecture, or the mere fact that I’m short on time now that I’m human, but I’m rather sick of hiding how I feel.  Maybe you are too based on what Sam just said to me.”  Dean looked momentarily panicked. “However, I’ll just speak for myself.  I’m tired of hiding the fact that I’m in love with you Dean.  That I have maybe been in love with you for over ten years.  To be honest I’m not entirely sure when it started, but it seems like it’s time for me to be open with you and myself about it.  No matter how you feel.”
Sam looked over Dean’s shoulder at Castiel, shock clear on his face. Cas echoed the sentiment but then smiled at Dean’s back. Cas was so proud of Dean, he was finally letting go. Dean finally realized that his brother was never truly leaving him just because he wanted to live his own life. Stepping away Sam cleared his throat as Dean also hugged Eileen in congratulations.
“Cassss. Fuck. We should, we should move to my room. Slow this down probably.”
“I’m so glad you’re back man.  He is too, you know that. But he has no idea how to process that we almost lost you again.  He thought that was it, for real this time.”
They had been pursuing a fairly steady caseload with all the hunters from apocalypse world now living in the bunker.  So it felt only natural to Cas that he join the brothers on cases.  He was after all a “hunter in training” as he liked to joke.  Dean never seemed to find it as funny as he did.  So when a couple of demons were wreaking havoc in Wichita, Cas tagged along to help take care of it.  Things were going fine, until the demons got the drop on them in an abandoned warehouse just outside of town.  Of course it had been a trap, Dean would beat himself up for that later.  But regardless, Cas and Dean ended up trapped in a room alone with four demons hell-bent on ending the Winchesters and taking the credit.
Once he finds the place Dean launches into the process of construction. Sure he doesn’t really know what he’s doing, but between his googling skills and Cas’ infinite knowledge of structural engineering he thinks they do pretty well. They frame out a four-bedroom house and a huge attached garage and by the time winter hits they actually have a structure to live in. Even if the plumbing isn’t exactly hooked up yet. By the time the new year rolls around they’ve even got that too.
Dean cleared his throat.  “uhhh, Cas. Your heaven… your heaven is the bunker?”
Housework can wait for the rest of the day so they lay down to regroup on Dean’s bed. Well it’s really just his memory foam mattress on the floor at the moment, but they’ll get there. Cas lays his head across Dean’s chest and Dean feels as though he absolutely could burst. He can’t physically stop himself from blurting out “I love you Cas.”
It took a long time for him to admit to himself he loved Cas, and an even longer time for him to accept that he was very, very attracted to an angel in a dude-shaped vessel. He’s still never told anyone that out loud. But with each passing day pounding nails and sanding boards Dean is losing a bit of his will power. It wears even thinner as spring approaches and Cas’ outfits evolve from thermal shirts, to rolled up sleeves, to tank tops and shorts. Jesus Christ that man’s thighs and forearms should be illegal.
“Jesus, Cas.  That’s not what I’m sorry for.  I will never, ever be sorry that you’re here with me.  But I am sorry.”  Dean walked closer to where Cas stood in front of a bookshelf, bathed in perfect afternoon light.  “I am so, so sorry Cas.  I’m sorry that I never told you I loved you when we were both alive.  That I never told you I’ve been in love with you for years, forget that brother bullshit.  I’m sorry for everyday that I didn’t press you against this bookshelf and kiss you until you couldn’t remember your own name.  I’m sorry that we both had to be dead for me to stow my crap and admit the truth.”
Cas replied, “Of course. I’ll go with you Dean.”
“Oh come on, Dean, did you really think you were being subtle? You two stare at each other CONSTANTLY. You two are so incredibly obvious I’m frankly shocked you haven’t already been banging for years!”
“Although, the existence of angels is at this time purely theoretical, many have theorized as to the final resting place of these creatures in true death. As heaven is the location angels likely would carry out their “lives”, so to speak, it is believed there is likely a location antithetical to both heaven and additionally hell. This location was once dubbed “the empty” by Men of Letters Scholar Jeremy Titus in 1928 and the name has carried forward in the pursuit of scholarly angel studies.”
Bobby turned his head to the left just a second too soon to catch Dean’s confused expression, eyebrows scrunched. His eyes lifted to look beyond Bobby’s chair and were met with a pale tan against the beautiful mountain landscape. His breath caught as he took in the sight of his best friend standing at the end of the porch, looking directly at him with a small, sad smile on his face.
“Jesus, Cas.  I’ve wanted to do that for so long.”  He kissed Cas again, almost as though he couldn’t stop now that he’d started.  “I’m so, so sorry I wouldn’t let myself accept this before.  I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry.”  Dean seemed desperate now and punctuated each new apology with another kiss.
Dean’s face fell and he began shaking his head.  “Don’t.  Don’t do this.  Cas, please. Please, don’t.” Once Cas’ name crossed his lips it was as though Dean collapsed in on himself.  His back arched, his hands reaching to grip tightly to his knees.  He was gulping down air with deep shuddering breaths, almost as if he couldn’t get enough oxygen.
Cas looked briefly confused, “Dean you have no reason to be sorry… you’ve saved the world, again.  You did everything you were meant to do in life, and in the process you helped redeem an angel.  You gave me an eternal life, where I’m not forced to sleep forever in nothingness.”
Cas tilted his head in acknowledgment of the question and glanced at Dean who turned his head to look back at the former angel. Dean really hadn’t thought too much about the future but he had known he would never leave the bunker as long as his brother was in it. But now that Sam and Eileen were leaving there was something he’d always wanted to do…
“Huh?”
“Why didn’t we do that when we were alive?”
Cas glanced out of the corner of his eye down the path but didn’t move away from Dean and smiled.
His eyes roamed again to the bar as someone emerged from the back, and another casually took a seat next to Jo.  The bottle of Johnny Walker emerging from the door flap gave away the new entrant even before Dean could see his face.  Rufus gave him a sarcastic salute as he uncapped the bottle.  His half brother Adam had taken the seat next to Jo with a conspiratorial glance at Dean.  Again, so not ready to process what that meant.  Finally his eyes hit the pool table in the back.  For about the 20th time his breath entirely left him.  His mom sat with a hip propped against the edge of the table, a beer in hand.  Next to her stood his father with a cue pool.  Both looked the happiest he could ever remember seeing them.  That broke him.  He didn’t burst into tears exactly, because he was a full grown man, damn it.  However, all of a sudden, he found himself across the room being embraced by BOTH of his parents for the first time since he was 4 years old.  His trek across the room must have been loud and obvious, because all of a sudden his brother was there too.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Dean sat heavily in the chair next to his own bed.  He looked at Cas, and then abruptly down at his own hands, which tightly gripped his thighs.  Cas didn’t speak, merely let Dean work through his emotions in his own time.  Eventually he met Cas’ gaze but Cas was surprised to see his eyes were filled with tears.  Dean bit his lip and tilted his head to the side, then wiped his mouth with his hand.  When he spoke his voice was choked with emotion. “I’m sorry Cas.  Whatever Sam said to you, I’m guessing he wasn’t wrong.  That kid knows me better than I know myself if I’m honest, which maybe I rarely am but I owe you that.  The truth is, Cas, that we don’t get a happy ending. Not with the life we lead.  Maybe someday Sam could get out, hell he’s done it before, but I can’t.  This is all I’ve ever known, and Dad drove a few points home when he raised me as a hunter.  Happy endings?  Ain’t gonna happen.  Long-term relationships?  Not in the cards.  And definitely not with other men.”  Dean gave Cas a pointed look. “Maybe at one point in my life I could have accepted that part of myself, but I think it’s too late.  No matter how strongly I feel about you.  I want you to be happy Cas, more than I want anything I want that.  But I know that I can’t make you happy, not the way you deserve.  I’m so sorry Castiel.”
Once the excitement had died down, and everyone had calmed, they settled around the table with whiskey and beer in hand.  Dean still had not made eye contact with Castiel.
“Yeah, well.  Welcome to the world of the non-extraordinary, I guess. It sucks.”
“Is he… Is he here?”
“Dean?” Cas asked again for the second time since entering the room.
Cas smirks, “Here’s fine.”
“Well personally I prefer oblivious.  Less dumb. Less ass.” Cas grinned.
“Oh shut up, Dean, and stop being such a drama queen. Don’t pretend you and Sam don’t get hit in the head all the time. I’m totally fine.  Oh and while we’re at it, quit it with the self-sacrificing bullshit.  It’s not your fault I got hurt, and I’d do it again a million times over.”
“I know, Dean.  Remember how I said Chuck thought I had squandered my previous resurrections?  He may have admitted to being a bit of a romantic, and to maybe hoping that we’d finally get our shit together as he put it.  I didn’t believe that you could possibly feel that way about me until you said the words.  I guess what I’m saying is I’m a little in shock, but there’s nowhere in the world or the universe that I’d rather be.”
“I guess, I never really knew how you’d react. We never talked about things like that, my fault I know, but I always knew how Dad would take it. Badly. So I guess I never said anything, to anyone, and figured I’d probably die before I had to deal with it anyways.”
“Oh and by the way, took you guys long enough! I mean sucks you’re dead and everything.  Condolences I guess? Maybe I should be better at this greeting newly dead people thing but I’ve never really gotten the hang of it.  Nice job with the hell thing though! We were all rooting for you up here.  Ash said there was about a 70:30 chance you guys would be up here for good this time after that stunt, suppose he was right.  Damn, I guess that means I have to track down Euclid’s heaven for him.  Crap that’s going to take FOREVER.  Those old timey heavens are buried so deep! And everything is coded in Enochian… shoot I never should have agreed to that bet in the first place.”
Cas sat stunned for a minute.  He finally tried to speak but had to clear his throat before any words actually came out.  “Sam, I… I mean, uh, Dean doesn’t.  I don’t… How long have you known that I’m in love with him?”
Dean decided Cas wouldn’t be finishing that excruciating thought and briskly closed the gap between them, connecting their lips. Cas gave a soft sigh and somehow both sobbed and moaned through his tears. They both stilled for a moment, just taking each other in, until Dean whined and pulled his angel closer. His arms slithered under that ever-present trench coat and pulled Cas in tighter, probing deeper as Cas reciprocated. Slowly they pulled apart and rested their foreheads together.
Cas smiled and closed his eyes again. “When will Dean realize he IS worth being saved? I’ve only been telling him for 10 years.  I’d do anything for him, sustaining a head injury actually ranks pretty low on the list.”
“I’m in love with Cas” he finally blurts out. They’re sitting on the steps of Sam’s front porch, a beer in each of their hands. Eileen had gone inside to take a call on her cell phone and Dean had found himself just spouting out the words. Sam pauses with the beer halfway to his mouth and then blinks and sets it back down on the porch.
Dean was fully crying now as he looked at his angel who also had tears in his eyes. “I’m sorry if I ever made you feel like I didn’t love you. And I’m sorry that I was too scared admit it before now, that my stupid baggage wouldn’t let me admit how god damn in love with you I’ve been for years. But of course you can have this. You’ve always had me. If that’s still what you want?”
Dean nodded his head, forehead placed against Cas’.  “mmhmm” he said.
“What did you do? Your grace? That’s it, isn’t it? You stupid, stupid, son of a bitch. You gave up your grace??”
“Of course, Cas. You’re family, and you’re only human because you sacrificed everything to save the world.  Plus you only got hurt because you were saving Dean’s life, he was about 10 seconds away from passing out from lack of oxygen.  I think that may be the part he’s struggling with the most to be honest.”
Cas again looked like he was trying to answer, but once again Dean didn’t allow it.
Cas’ expression wasn’t changing, he was still wide-eyed and shocked.  Dean waited him out, not like he could leave this room with tears now streaming down his face.  Just as Dean opened his mouth to speak again Cas whipped into motion.  Before Dean knew what was happening he was surrounded by firm, muscled arms and his vision was obstructed by Cas’ angelic smelling mop of hair.  He wrapped his arms around in return, and buried his smiling face into Cas’ neck as tears continued to fall.
Dean doesn’t find out a complete what though (though he has some ideas: idiot, moron, asshole, take your pick), because Cas very soundly and firmly kisses him. Dean’s kissed a lot of women, sure ok not recently, but he did just fine a few years back thank you. This isn’t like that and it’s frankly about a million times better than his feeble brain had been able to imagine. The contact zings through him completely and all he can do is hang on and pull Cas as close as he can get him. Cas doesn’t even really know what he’s doing, but damn it doesn’t seem to matter. Dean finally gets with the program and joins in, licking the seam of their mouths with his tongue and deepening an already intense kiss. He can feel Cas’ deep groan throughout his entire body. The bathroom they’re in isn’t overly large but Cas has him fully pushed against the vanity so it doesn’t even matter. Dean snakes both hands under Cas’ infuriating skimpy tank top and presses and feels the firm and corded muscle of his back. The pressure causes Cas’ leg to slide between his own and press against his groin. The moan he lets out is 100% involuntary. Dean’s not sure he’s ever been this turned on in his life.
Dean hunched forward an imperceptible amount and shifted his weight to his hand on the table. Sam could see him struggling to rein in his emotions with rapid breaths in and out.  Sam knew he needed to take the lead here.
After several hours of chatting, and smiling so hard his face hurt, people started to trickle off.  To their own personal heavens he supposed.  He, Cas, and Sam had squeezed into a booth with Jess and Charlie.  Dean was approximately 5 beers in and feeling pleasantly buzzed, maybe heaven kept you from getting sloppy drunk.  Jess and Sam were pushed together tightly on one side and were trading goofy grins every 20 seconds.  So, when Jess indicated her intention to leave, Dean was not at all surprised when Sam gave him a wide-eyed pleading glance.  With a quick jerk of his head, and a roll of his eyes, Dean gave him permission to get the hell out of there.  Sam smiled shyly and exited the roadhouse quickly behind Jess.  Once Sam was gone Charlie executed an exaggerated stretch and yawn.  Dean rolled his eyes again when Charlie gave him a knowing, and extremely obvious, glare.  That girl was really too intuitive for her own good.
Dean was breathing hard and rapidly, but looked panicked like he had no idea what to do.  He glanced to Sam as if he had an answer, but Sam just looked back wide-eyed and resigned. He knew Dean would either finally tackle this tension head-on, or use his usual deflection approach to hide any real emotions.
Cas returned his smile. “I suppose we’re here now and that’s all that matters. We have time now Dean, finally.”
As Cas opened his mouth to respond Dean shot to his feet. He was looking only at Cas with a hard, closed-off expression. “What did you do Cas?”
While Dean’s internal monologue had been happening apparently Sam had decided to assess their surroundings.  When he didn’t answer Dean’s questions, Dean followed his line of sight and felt the bottom drop out of his stomach.
One month later, their mom was back.  In the end, it was nothing they did that brought her back.  Turns out, Lucifer knew a thing or two about inter-dimensional portals.  Unfortunately, for him, he wasn’t able to cross through before the angels of the alternate reality decided he belonged in the cage with his identical counterpart.
“Shit, sorry. Hang on”
“He don’t worry about it man.  Sam’s seen me in worst positions if I’m honest, and if we’re being REALLY honest I think he’s known how I’ve felt about you for years. And if Chuck knew, and Sam knew, who else knew? Was it just us with our heads in our asses?  We really are a couple of dumb asses aren’t we?”
“Dean, that reaction was somewhat out of character for you.”
Cas’ smile fell off his face and his gaze dropped to the dirt. After a heavy sigh he responded. “I apologize Dean, it wasn’t my intent to burden you with my feelings. I knew they weren’t reciprocated but saying them aloud… it was the only way to save you. And I would have rather had you unharmed and uncomfortable than within Billie’s grasp. I am sorry that you didn’t get to stay on earth longer but you did save the world one last time. We never have to speak of that night again but I am happy to have served my purpose. I don’t regret my choices.”
Mary had been a soothing presence in the bunker since her return.  She refused to leave her remaining boys and had outfitted her new permanent residence in a spare room.  The return of their mother had not given Dean peace as Sam had hoped.  Instead, Dean had thrown himself into hunting with an alarming and reckless ferocity.  Mary occasionally tagged along to supervise, but the truth of the matter was Dean didn’t want the help.  Those outside of the Winchester family wouldn’t have noticed, Dean was after all a professional at pretending he was fine, but Dean was hollowed out on the inside.
Cas averted his eyes when he replied, “Something like that, yes. You’re welcome to see it before you retire to your own heaven.” Finally, at the end of his sentence, Cas glanced up at Dean.
“There he is.  How you feeling, man?  You scared the shit out of us.”
Finally Cas coughed at the awkwardness and decided he needed to break the tension. His deep voice broke through the dead air. “Speaking of repression Sam, how long have you been holding that speech in?”
They pull Cas out of the empty on a Thursday. Dean will ruminate on the irony of that later, instead in the moment he just clutches Cas to him for all he’s worth. Sam has an arm around Eileen, almost giggling in relief as he watches his brother separate from Cas with a few rough pats to his back. Dean pulls back but leaves his left hand to linger on Cas’ shoulder as he points with his right.
Jimmy leaned back on the counter next to Dean and they clinked their bottle necks together before taking the first drink. “Restaurant busy today?” he asked.
He wasn’t surprised when the mechanic, Benny, told him it would be a few days for the repair. That was how Dean wound up renting a motel room in Pontiac, Illinois and paying by the week instead of by the night.
Shortly after leaving the volcano, the hot water began to grow cooler. Back in the cavern, the temperate waters were comfortable and everyone was tired. When the sleep cycle commenced, hardly anyone stayed up. Dean stayed with his friends, who chose to curl up near the mouth of their favorite little cave.
“G’nite Sam.”
“Gross, Dad,” Dean muttered with distaste. Just as they were all rising, Bobby the Singer moved past the mouth of their cave. The crescendo of his song indicated his passing. Bobby’s voice was the most familiar to Dean of all the Singers because his father and Bobby were the best of friends. In fact, Bobby was more of an uncle to Dean than anything else. This wasn’t something they acknowledged out loud, it was more of an undercurrent that Dean could feel.
Here it was. The moment of truth. Taking another deep breath, leaning back on the cool brick exterior of the bar, Dean said, “Sammy, she’s a he.”
“Yes,” Cas whispered as he felt Dean’s warm body pressing him into the door.
“Right, right,” he said, not meeting Dean’s eye anymore. “Sorry. Since I was transferred, I didn’t get the same training that a brand new handler would get. I mean, they mentioned doing this, but I completely forgot.”
“Dunno, man. I guess I’d just never thought about it before. I knew there were brothels back then, had been to my share, but I’d never thought about actually workin’ in one ‘til I talked to that guy… found out what it was like… how much he made.”
"I realize that, but you’ve said yourself that the adoption process is sticky and slow even in the best of cases."
“Another day in paradise,” he sighed. From the next room, he could hear Bobby running water in the sink, getting John Winchester cleaned up and into a uniform. Once the two were out the door, Dean set to work cleaning up the nasty mess in his room. Unable to stand the residual stink, even after the additional scent of household cleaners had been layered over top, Dean opened his window to air it out and closed the door behind him. In the bathroom as he showered and brushed his teeth, Dean thought about last night. He could clearly remember going to the carnival and fucking the dude who looked like Benny. The events after that were fuzzy though, blurry around the edges and hard to sort out. The feeling was reminiscent of a half-forgotten dream, a few glimpses of memorable moments but no chord of continuity to hold the events together or help them make sense.
That’s why it’s really it seems of odd that the school still orchestrates a bloated commencement service for each senior class. Cas honestly wonders why - is it just tradition now? Why does our society make such a big deal about this event? Why do parents plan huge receptions, complete with extravagant cakes, when high school graduation isn’t really the kind of monumental achievement that it was generations ago?
“I don’t,” he answered as he let them in the front door. “I live with my brother. He’s a doctor. A specialist, actually. Orthopedics.”
“Go play,” she told him kindly. “I’ll be alright.” As always, when they parted, she kissed the top of his head sweetly. Knowing she was in good hands with the Attendants, Dean swam off to join his friends in the exploring.
“Ready to head home?” he asked his brother, turning his gaze from the alien sky.
“You don’t know me,” shouted Dean angrily through his open window. “You don’t know my fuckin’ life. I am a damned good person, you sonnovah bitch.”
Cas’ head fell forward between Dean’s shoulder blades as thrust and Dean could feel he heavy breaths on his skin. Dean, feeling Cas start to falter, took one hand from the wall and circled his cock with it. They were nearing the end and finally stroking his heavy dick brought a pinpoint to the dull ache of building pleasure in him. It drew the pleasure downward as he stroked. It tightened in him and channeled the feeling toward his tip where it burst from him with a wave of euphoria.
Alone now, Mildred indicated he should take whichever seat appealed to him. Selecting the chair instead of the stereotypical sofa, Dean settled in and she pivoted her chair to face him.
“He’s a lawyer. That’s how we wound up on the West Coast in the first place. He went to Stanford. I went with him, but only to a tech school. I dropped out after a year. School was never really my thing.”
“Yeah, sorry man,” he said repentantly.
“Yes, Dean,” said the pastor, getting to his feet to come around the desk, “You can tell me. It’s alright, son, you know you can talk to me.”
Waiting was right. Dean was drawing this out. It increased his need, and he smiled as he felt the anticipation churn in his stomach.
When Chris navigates the truck into Jack’s neighborhood, he begins gathering his things. Then, he watches out the window for his house to come into view. Exiting the truck at the end of his driveway is a shock to the system. The cab had been uncomfortably warm and as he hops to the ground, Jack absorbs an icy blast of frigid air that seems to blow right through his coat. Shouldering his heavy bag, Jack runs for the door.
The various answers provided to that question are quite humorous, whether they were meant to be or not, and the class laughs away its forty minutes easily as the introductions give way to discussions of how everyone spent their summer.
“I’d like to see it,” says Cas, leaning closer.
“No.”
“C’mon Dean,” said Sam gently. Dean allowed himself to be tugged out of his room. Glancing back at the heap of John Winchester, Dean noticed the man wasn’t moving and for a moment he felt a fleeting joy at the thought that maybe he’d killed him. On the heels of that was the crushing weight of guilt, and that’s what stayed with him as he stumbled down the hall with Sam. At the sink in the kitchen, Dean splashed cool water on his face and washed the blood from his hands. Sam, leaning on the counter next to him, handed him a towel when he’d finished.
“Alright,” she concedes, “but tell me again how good I am first.”
“Red meat too. I love a juicy steak.”
Sadly, the resounding answer is ‘not much’.
This was really not the kind of sloppy service one paid top dollar for, but hopefully this guy already liked him enough to overlook it. Staying put on his bed of shag carpet, Dean looked up at Ronald and extended his hand. “Little help?”
“It’s too cold to really sit down now anyway,” she tells him - and she’s right. The temperature has been steadily dropping since they left school. Less than two hours ago they’d walked in sunshine and a gentle breeze, but now it’s dark and the wind is cold and biting.
“My dad seemed proud,” Dean tried, not wanting to be a downer.
By the time he arrives on the scene, Dean’s feeling beat to all hell. His feet have been slip sliding around inside his wet boots and there are blisters on his blisters. His ankles above the rim of his boots are shredded from having tender wet skin force their way through brambles and thorns. There’s literally weeds and stems wrapped around his ankles at this point and he’s dragging them with him as he trudges through the underbrush. He’s breathing so hard that he can barely speak when Sam comes stumbling up to him.
“That’s fair,” she nodded. “My only other concern based on your daily charting is your lack of time off. You’ve got over six weeks of paid time off available and another two weeks that will drop at the end of the fiscal year. Is there a reason you aren’t using any of it?”
“Actually, I do.”
In response to that, she let out a single huff of laughter as if to imply that his response had been absurd. He didn’t bother continuing with her, choosing instead to look back down at the papers he still had clutched in his hand.
Standing nearby to watch, the man’s actual death had sickened Dean. But he’d chosen to steel himself against the brutality of it rather than allow himself to feel pity for the man. After all, if he’d watched Dean with this pack for any length of time, as his words would indicate he had, he should’ve known that Dean was a powerful enemy to him. He should never have tried to corner Dean, and he certainly shouldn’t have been stupid enough to follow him over the wall.
“Then why did you?”
Dean took his eyes off the rift for a fleeting moment to meet eyes with his brother.
"We'll just have to see," said Jim sagely. "He and I have been talking a lot about what kind of life John wants to live. He's out of work at the present time and that's a good time for change if it's needed."
“Good-bye,” calls Cas, but it’s already too late. His son is long gone and the front door is slamming shut behind him.
“Alright then,” said Novak, finally taking a seat. “Tell me what I want to hear.”
“Now look who’s repeating,” he chuckled lamely.
“I’ll sleep over,” he says without breaking eye contact.
Dean could feel the man’s presence as he came up behind. He pressed his ass back in the hopes that he’d be able to at least feel the outline of the man’s dick against his crack. Then he’d at least know how big the guy was. Knowing what he had to look forward to might make it easier to get through the inevitable waiting.
The man’s face held so much pity that Dean wanted to puke. “Don’t look at me like that,” he barked. “Haven’t you ever done somethin’ stupid like that? Made an ass of yourself over a chick?”
There was an announcement by Amara during the Gathering about the shark attack, during which she applauded the bravery of the Guardians who had managed to pull all the injured Learners from the scene of the attack without a single casualty. This feat was met with applause and cheers by the crowd.
“Yes,” chuckles Cas. “The dreaded condoms.”
Perhaps this is a one-time thing and perhaps it’s not. But he’s not going to waste it second guessing. He’s going to make love to Castiel.
“Yeah, guess so. Awesome night huh?”
Dean halfway sat up again, bracing his elbow on the mattress and using it to hold up his heavy head.
“Yeah,” she nods, retrieving her book and pen. “Jack,” she says, keeping him waiting for a minute or more while she scrawls a few more lines, “If life isn’t at least a little bit scary to us, then we’re probably not doing it right.”
“Yeah, whenever we go through the buffet, we stop at the cash register and give our number. They pull up our chart and hand us our pills. I'm assuming they make a note that we've eaten and taken pills, but I've never really watched to see.”
Dean felt a smile tugging at his lips and he hated it. He wanted to be James Dean again. That thought alone sent him over the edge and into a fit of laughter.
Dean nodded agreement and returned his full attention to the road. Before long, Sam was closing up his laptop. “I’m gonna try and get some sleep,” he said, leaning back in the seat. “You’ll need me to drive soon.”
“Me neither,” he answered honestly, glad he wasn’t the only one. “I know what I
Looking around, Dean entertained a passing thought that this room was just as sterile as the halls outside of it. The woman, D. Simmons he assumed, didn’t acknowledge him for quite some time. Devoid of emotion, her attention was locked on her computer screen. Her smooth skin made her seem young at first glance. As did her jet black hair which was tightly coiled into shiny little ringlets, the style reminiscent of an afro but dramatically updated with bold layering. Overall, she embodied a youthful and fashion-forward young woman. But, her style simply couldn’t compensate for the stern face and cold indifference that Dean thought marked her as being quite a bit older than she may have initially appeared to be.
“Dean, seriously, what the fuck?”
This time, he could faintly hear his brother’s response. Moving quickly over the hard floor, keeping his gun out in front of him, Dean headed out into the hall. Casting a glance in each direction, he confirmed it to be free of danger before turning to face the direction of Sam’s room. The lights were flashing in synchronization and the strobe effect made Sam’s movements appear jerky and robotic as he emerged from the darkness and closed the distance between them.
