Cas wasn’t sure what to say to Dean right now. Anything he thought of just didn’t feel right, so he decided not to speak. Instead, he reached out a hand, placing it on Dean’s right knee which was still partially bent. He stroked it gently with his thumb, trying to provide him with a sense of comfort as he did so. He kept his gaze locked on Dean as he did this, offering him a small smile. Dean’s hand started to slide up towards his knee then, towards Cas’ hand, but then he stopped, dropping it back down a little so his hand rested on his thigh. They stayed like that for a moment, both of them frozen until Dean decided to continue.
to get taken, it just happened okay? I just- I thought I heard you talking to me so I like- followed it and then I guess it wasn’t actually you…”
It was rare that Cas left Dean feeling this speechless and in moments like this, it’s almost as if Dean felt himself falling in love all over again.
Dean swears if it were possible for someone’s eyes to shoot out of their head, his would have at that moment. Especially considering he hadn’t expected an answer anywhere near that in response to what he had said. It was a fucking joke, but it was no longer funny, if it had ever been funny. Which it probably wasn’t.
It was about three weeks later that Dean and Cas were set to leave for their little getaway. Jack was a little sad that he wouldn’t get to see them for two weeks, but Cas had promised him that they’d call every day, just to check-in. That seemed to make Jack feel a bit better.
Dean and Cas had decided to go away for a few weeks. They needed some time to themselves. To get away from Sam and Jack and just spend some time together. This thing between them was still relatively new, they’d only been together for a few months now, and it was difficult at times to be sharing a living space with your boyfriend, your brother, and a Nephilim that the three of you basically adopted together.
Dean got up, pulling out his cassette player, putting this one inside and pressing the play button. Then he walked back over to Cas, sitting next to him once more. They sat there in silence while the music started playing.
“Well, it’s just that I haven’t talked to him since… you know… and he wasn’t doing too great back then.”
With that, Cas started to move his hips, shutting Dean right up and turning the rest of his words into a strangled gasp. Cas seemed pleased with himself, as he slowly worked up to a rhythm, his head falling back from the pleasure. Dean felt so hot and tight around him, it was almost too much to bear.
“It’s okay, you don’t need to apologize for that, it’s not your fault and it wasn’t your job to do that.”
Dean got tired of waiting, anger started to boil in his veins, he couldn’t believe Cas had just left him there. AGAIN, without any explanation.
it happened. That didn’t matter, though, because, at some point, a huge crack had appeared down the side of the sink.
I'm not gonna lie but somehow this fic has been so unsmutty that just writing well THAT was weird, but don't worry, I will soon be changing that! I hope...
Sometimes Sam would pray to him, just so he knew that if he ever decided to come home, that they would be there. They would always be there ready to welcome him back. Jack was family and they loved him.
Dean couldn’t speak, maybe it was because of Rusty and the blood loss or maybe it was from the shock of seeing the angel. Rusty couldn’t be completely sure, but he decided that it might be a bit of both.
"Maybe it was a werewolf, or, more likely, a wendigo," Cas said as soon as she left and Dean gave him a glare.
“Anything you say to me can be said in front of him. We have no secrets, the two of us. We learned how badly that could affect us long ago.”
Once it was all mixed together, Dean grabbed the bowl and poured the egg mixture into the large pan on the stove. He and Cas checked the bacon once again, and he told Cas to flip it once more, saying it should be done in just a few more minutes.
Sam could see that he was in pain, but he didn’t know how to help or how to make Dean better, so he did little things, hoping that they might make Dean’s life even just a little bit easier or a bit less lonely.
“Dean, I- I’m sorry- I didn’t mean t- I shouldn’t have-” Abruptly, Cas stopped speaking, looking completely frozen in place. A look of panic washed over his face then, as he grabbed at the sides of his trenchcoat, quickly pulling it together and turning away from Dean.
“Thanks,” Dean said quietly once he was standing, looking Cas in the eyes and offering him a grateful smile as he did so.
Once they had disposed of the bodies, they went back to the motel to clean up. By the time they were done, it was early in the morning. It had been an all-nighter, but they really just wanted to head home so they did a slightly early checkout and piled into the impala to start the drive home. The drive was only a little over eight hours, with the few stops they made along the way, so it was just past five when they made it back. Sam had slept for a few hours during the drive, but Dean powered through so by the time they were back, he was ready to pass out.
“Just… tell Sam that I’m sorry, I- I heard him, but I just ignored him. Tell him that I’m sorry, tell them both that and also tell them that I love them and I miss them too.”
“I didn’t. I- felt something, a change of sorts, within the Earth. Like a surge of angelic energy. I needed to come investigate, to find out what was happening.”
The errands they ran took up most of the afternoon. They made a stop for beer, the store for food and general supplies and then Dean also decided they should make a stop at a local pet store to grab a few things for Miracle as well.
On the way back to the motel, they picked up some pizza and beer and tried to do some more research on the family. There wasn’t much to find, they seemed to keep to themselves, for the most part, not finding many traces of them online. They decided they’d try again tomorrow. Dean and Cas would try asking some of the locals and Sam would try and find some property records for the family.
Cas nodded and grabbed an egg as well, giving it two light taps on the counter, just as Dean had done. It didn’t crack as much as Dean’s egg.
In the end, it was just Rusty and Dean, no Castiel in sight. All those years Dean and Castiel had known each other and Rusty was finally the one to nail him. Rusty had gotten more contact with Dean than Castiel ever did, they finally got to nail the hunter. It took years but it finally happened.
Dean felt his eyes flutter close then, his breath was shaky, but he knew what he wanted, what he had to do. He rested his forehead against Cas’, their noses bumping into each other and then-
They spent the day sitting in the den, watching several different Christmas movies, first up was Elf, then Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer, which Cas seemed to enjoy, not that Dean noticed… and then a few others which Dean couldn’t recall the names of.
Things were getting more heated this time, as Cas parted his lips and swept his tongue against Dean’s lips for the second time that day. Dean eagerly opened his mouth, granting access to Cas, allowing him to explore his mouth.
Once again, their bodies were pressed flush against one another, but this time there were no shirts in the way.
Cas’ reply was short. He really didn’t want to explain what specifically woke him up, the things he was feeling when he woke up, the things he could feel from Dean.
They managed to find a small motel in a nearby town in Ontonagon. It was small and pretty rustic looking.
Dean pulled Cas closer to him, holding him right up against him with his arms around the angel. He was quiet for a moment before he started to hum a little tune. One Cas couldn’t quite place at first. He was about to ask Dean what it was when Dean started singing softly, right next to Cas’ ear.
It didn’t take long for Dean to actually finish eating and then almost immediately pass out. He was exhausted, after all, it had been a long day. Cas couldn’t wait soon enough for him to fall asleep though, for him to no longer be at risk of Dean noticing the way his body decided to fuck with him. He prayed that he didn’t.
The journey was exhausting, but Cas knew it was well worth it. Both for sending John to where he truly belonged and the chance for him to see Rowena again. The latter he was a little nervous about though. He just hoped she didn’t notice anything about him that was different like she did last time. She was very observant, nothing seemed to get by her.
. So much so, that he even had a few dreams about it, ones that ended in him actually storming into Cas’ room and having his way with him.
Dean paused, thinking about why John would need to come back, why he’d choose to come back here, especially when he and Mary must’ve been having a hell of an afterlife together in heaven.
“Dean, do you think it’d be alright if I stayed? Just for tonight…” Cas softly spoke, looking down at the chair sitting by Dean’s door.
“Dean…” Cas’ voice was low and deep. “I know you well enough by now to know when something’s wrong.”
Dean sucked in a breath, trying to keep himself from squirming beneath the angel or from pressing his hips further up in an effort to increase the pressure because fuck, Cas was being super freaking light with his touches and it was driving him crazy.
Those few words, quiet and defeated, broke his heart. Seeing him like this was something he never wanted for Dean.
, you have to pray. I can sense you and figure out where you are, but as long as you're not in pain, I don't know what's going on."
A noise from beside him broke him out of his thoughts. Turning his head in the direction of the sound, he realized that it was only Cas. He was sitting upright again, his eyes blinking before finally settling on Dean who was already staring back.
Dean’s face had heated up significantly in these past few moments, he could feel it, which only made it worse. Why the hell did he have to just talk so much, why did he have to say
“Your money, huh?” Eileen smirked, a glint of something in her eyes. “Twenty bucks that Dean will do it first.”
The drive out was really quite beautiful, even though it was only mid-March and there wasn’t much new plant growth yet. Still, it was nice to be away from the city, the smell of the cleaner air out here was worth every second of it.
“Maybe we could start with the berries and grapes? I don’t think bananas like to sit out for too long.”
Cas was the one who spoke next, the first to speak since David had begun, his voice softening as he looked at David who was sitting on the adjacent sofa.
Now that the lamp was on, Cas was able to see Dean’s features more clearly. He noticed his eyes were a bit puffy and shiny, and his lip was trembling.
Then, the silence was interrupted as the barn door opened. Rusty just assumed the clowns had returned, but when they actually saw who it was, oh lord have mercy on Rusty. It was the Winchesters, the famous brothers. Rusty had heard about them their whole life. Rusty was in awe. First, they saw Sam. He was just like they pictured, just as tall as they imagined. His hair too, oh gosh, how Rusty would like to touch it, to caress it and feel the soft locks that fluttered in the breeze.
Not long after he’d neatly hung his clothes over the back of a chair, Dean had emerged from the bathroom. Castiel looked up from his phone, he’d just sent Sam a quick text that they had arrived at a motel for the night.
But this picture, Dean remembered his moment fondly. He had made Cas wear that hat because Dean loved cowboys...maybe loved them a little too much. Cas seemed very unimpressed about Dean dressing him up like that, he was maybe even a bit embarrassed when he first saw himself in the hat, but then he saw the smile Dean had on his face in that moment, and maybe that smile was enough to make him okay with it. Maybe even made him enjoy wearing the hat a little bit. In the photo, Cas had a bit of an annoyed face on him, but Dean could see the hints of a smile forming. Just as Dean took the photo, he remembers Cas trying to swat away his phone and Dean burst out laughing, managing to get the picture in time. This was a good memory, hell it was a good day! They got Cas back and Dean couldn’t imagine ever letting him go again.
“Jack. You wanted my help to build a heaven that they could be at peace in, so I’m telling you this. If John Winchester is here, then this will never be heaven for Dean or even for Sam.”
How could Dean have pushed him away? How did Cas let Dean push him away? Did he know that Dean might come around or that something would bring them back together when he walked away from the bunker, from Dean? Or did Cas truly believe that this is what Dean wanted, that he would truly be happy if Cas was not in his life, if he left and never came back.
Cas sighed and leaned forward, his elbows resting on either side of his own plate and his hands folded under his chin.
“Those thoughts you’ve been having, well they were so loud and full of longing that I was able to pick up on them as I would with a prayer.”
It was Bobby. Cas hadn’t noticed he was even here until now, but it didn’t matter. Nothing else mattered right now. He just tried shrugging Bobby’s hand off of him.
On the fourth day at the cabin, Dean had woken up earlier than normal, he checked the clock, 6:04 am. He was a little chilly in the bed, he must’ve shoved the blankets away at some point during the night because now his body was bare.
He and Cas sat in the library together until Dean was sure Sam and Jack were really out for the night, then, without a word, he looked at Cas and got up, grabbing his hand and pulling him up.
I feel like a lot happened in here and my brain cannot process it all but like John in hell and DeanCas reunion. That's all that matters right now to me so I don't even mind.
Cas paused, not saying anything, just looking at Sam, knowing that as he did so, Sam would see the truth behind his question. Sam only looked back at him for a few moments before speaking again.
“God, why are the fucking bugs so bad out here,” Dean began to complain, swatting at another bug that was buzzing around his head.
Castiel, fortunately, didn’t ask what he was thanking him for, instead, all he offered in return was a soft smile and a quick, “Of course,” before standing up and walking over to the nearby chair, content to sit there, reading a book for the rest of the night. How he did so in the fucking dark still amazed Dean, but he knew better than to question an angel about seeing in the dark.
“Look who’s being a fucking tease now,” Dean groaned out, trying his best to sound somewhat in control but ultimately failing when Castiel grinded his hips down on the hunter, causing another moan to erupt from him. “Cas- just- do something, please,” Dean whined out, finally having enough.
“Yeah sure,” Dean brings the phone slightly away from his mouth for a second, getting Cas’s attention. “Jody says hi,” he spoke, looking at Cas, seeing a small smile on his lips.
but you also abused him? You broke him, you beat him down, for what? Because you were afraid that he might be happy? That maybe he might love someone who you don’t approve of, someone, who I might add, actually loves him back? And then you abused him? A child.”
“Is there a reason she would mention anything about you?” Cas questioned back, while not really answering his question.
A few days later, Cas was about to check something on his phone when he realized that it was almost dead, huh, how did he not notice earlier. He was certain the last time he used his phone charger was in the library, so off to the library, he went in search of it. Once he got there, he noticed that it wasn’t where he’d last left it. Feeling as if maybe he had been thinking of the wrong spot, he looked around the library for a few more minutes but came up empty. The charger was nowhere to be found.
As Dean looked to his right, he noticed what his head had been resting on. Dean froze. It was Cas. Dean’s eyes widened when he realized what had happened. He had fallen asleep, and at some point ended up on Cas. He was practically laying on Cas. It was then that he looked up at Cas’ face, noticing his eyes on him.
Dean’s voice got a little louder, with the next part, pulling back from Cas a little, grabbing one of the angel’s hands in his own.
Jack knew he couldn’t fix that, but he could try and give Sam and Dean just a little piece of hope, some sign that he had been listening, that he still cared. So, he focused for a moment, remembering that dog that Dean had found at the gas station. It was a miracle really, finding that dog that Chuck missed. He hoped they would understand the message that he was trying to convey to them, but if not, then at least it could offer them some form of comfort.
This was so much worse than the last time. Dean had felt hope, he was hopeful about having a future with his angel, but that was gone now. He was never coming back, it was just his mind playing some sort of sick joke.
Once they finished decorating, Dean had pulled the little angel out of the bag he had been hiding it in, showing everyone.
Dean left no space between their bodies, he could feel every inch of Cas pressed against himself, but he wanted more, he needed more.
Okay, okay, so I really had the intention of updating sooner but apparently, I was too busy fucking dying after talking to Misha on zoom because no, I was not prepared for that and no, I am still unalive.
I'd just like to say I really was going to post this on Monday because Jensen's birthday but I blame Misha for all of it.
Dean’s voice trailed off and then he heard a deep breath before Dean’s voice returned, angrier this time.
Slowly, he lowered himself down, not breaking eye contact. It was a struggle, for both of them. The waves of pleasure they felt, it was almost unbearable. Dean knew he wasn’t going to last long, feeling the tight heat of Cas surrounding him was too much, especially when Cas started to move.
He stayed there, his heart racing in his chest as he continued to listen, hoping to hear more about it, feeling more thankful than he’d ever been when he heard Cas say that he hadn’t listened to it yet. That calmed him a bit, but not much, as Cas could still listen to it at any time.
There John lay, bloodied and bruised on the ground in a heap. His breathing was ragged and he was hardly moving now, but he was still conscious. Mary, Bobby, and Castiel stood above him, towering over him.
Cas wasn’t entirely sure if Dean was still wearing the panties, however, the thought alone of that being a possibility was taking over his brain. When Dean changed that morning, Cas knew that he grabbed some clothes from his bag before heading to the bathroom - the same bathroom that Cas had embarrassingly cracked a sink in, to which he still had no explanation for. He also knew that he was relatively quick with grabbing his clothes, so quick in fact, that he hardly even looked at what he was grabbing which meant he might have forgone the extra effort it would have taken to find a new pair of underwear. I mean, it is also logical to think that since Dean has only just changed into those panties last night, he would keep them on for a full day before changing. That logic was only furthered along by the fact that he knew Dean. He’d known him for years which meant that he also knew that Dean typically packed light when it came to a case so it wouldn’t be smart for him to be changing his underwear so frequently.
Ha hello everyone! I’m finally back with another chapter, sorry about the long wait! Also, sorry but it’ll be a bit of a wait for the next chapter too. I have 3 essays and a test all within the next 2-3 weeks so I’ll be too busy to write until after that’s all done, but I’ll be back either the weekend of April 10th or the 17th, depending on how well the next chapter goes. But for now, please enjoy and don’t mind any of my errors, it was a rushed editing job.
Cas didn’t know how to thank Dean for this, but he also didn’t know if this tape was really made specifically for him. Maybe Dean had just had it laying around or maybe he had just thrown together some songs and as an afterthought, thought maybe Cas would enjoy them.
A wave of curiosity washed over Dean then. He decided, for some reason his brain hadn’t been privy to, that he should follow Cas, and follow he did.
“Well, Sam was talking about some weird plant food recipes he wanted to try and I was busy ignoring him.” Dean then leaned closer to Cas, lowering his voice to an almost whisper that they all knew was still audible to Sam. “Thanks for saving me by the way.”
His mouth seemed to go dry at the sight, but soon it was gone. Cas pulled Dean off the table, flipping him around so his ass was pressed against Cas now.
"So, two people went missing, then a group of campers, right? Any thoughts?" Dean watched as Cas tilted his head to the side and did that little eye squint, which was not adorable at all.
Dean took a few steps away from Cas then, focusing on where they were supposed to be headed. Of course, another bug decided to bite him just then, so Dean swatted it away, furrowing his brows as he did so.
Dean was being especially rough with Cas, not careful at all when it finally happened. The moment Rusty had been waiting for. Dean nailed Cas right into Rusty. Finally, they were one. Rusty felt complete.
Once Dean nodded his head, Cas continued until he was fully inside of Dean, pausing again, looking for any sign of discomfort on Dean’s face.
Dean moves back slightly, still in Cas’ space. Cas looks down, a smile forming on his face and a blush spreading across his cheeks.
Cas needed to make him feel something, anything, but this. He couldn’t stand the thought of knowing that Dean was in this much pain and he was almost completely certain that it was his fault. He left Dean, he left him all alone. Cas knew that Dean never coped well with his death before, but he thought that Dean would be able to get over it with time, but this? This was not getting over it. This was just worse, it was worse than anything he had ever imagined Dean would feel.
With the left side of his body leaning against the half-open doorway, his head thrown back, his eyes closed and his bottom lip being worked quite roughly between his teeth. That wasn’t all though. His wandering eyes continued their descent down his body, and that’s when he saw it. From his spot on the floor, directly across from the hunter, Castiel could clearly see the zipper of Dean’s jeans undone, causing them to hang loosely on his hips and reveal a pair of panties that Cas had not yet seen before today. God, he looked so fucking hot just standing there like that, coming undone before Castiel’s eyes, the light blue fabric of his panties becoming darker by the second, the newfound wet spot now completely apparent and practically screaming at Castiel for attention as he watched with wide eyes.
Dean let out a heavy sigh, dropping his head back against his bed frame, tilting it away from Cas. He ran a hand over it, before leaning down and resting his face into his hands, his arms kept up by the support of his bent legs. He stayed like that for a bit, breathing deeply. Cas was beginning to think that that was the end of their conversation when he heard a whisper.
“Got a case. Go grab uh, whatever it is that you need and we’ll leave in an hour. ‘M gonna let Sam know.”
“They’re not- I just-” Dean started as he began to walk closer to the angel, slowly, as if approaching a wild animal that might startle at any moment. The closer he walked, however, the more confused he got because the darkened look of Castiel’s face was becoming more apparent now. Neither one of them looked away, their gazes locked onto one another as if daring the other to look away first and admit defeat.
That night, Dean and Cas spent their time cuddled up in front of the fireplace, sharing lazy kissing with one another while they just enjoyed each other's company, grateful for these little moments that they could spend together.
“Okay fine, just like, go sit down or something. Over there.” Dean said gesturing to the armchair that was only about five feet away and still facing his bed. “You don’t need to stand right there, do you? You’re gonna give me a heart attack, man.”
“Hey,” Dean started, but his eyebrows furrowed when he saw how stiff Castiel looked just standing there. “Everything okay?”
It was all just too good to be true and yet, it was true. It was really happening. Cas was really back and alive. Dean could see him, hear his voice, his laugh. He could touch him, feel the warmth of his skin beneath his hand. He could smell him, that distinct scent that just screamed Cas. It was a mix of pine trees and freshly washed laundry and a hint of something else that Dean could never quite place. All he knew was that it was Cas.
Slowly they went, they had to go slow as John was limping from the beating he had taken. The only option was to move at a sluggish rate. Eventually, they made their way into a larger open area, one that had several different doors attached to it and another hallway leading into darkness.
“I know Chuck probably seems harmless now, but it wouldn’t be wise to underestimate him and I guess I’m just a bit disappointed that you didn’t learn from our past mistakes.”
When his first creation stood before him, he smiled, so proud of himself. He did it. It took a few minutes for the new angel to become conscious, he was a bit worried at first, but then he reminded himself that Chuck told him it was normal.
Just like he’d expected, there was still no sign of the angel when he opened the door and stepped into the small motel room, walking over to where his bag sat on the bed. He opened his bag and as he was rummaging around for some clothes, he noticed a flash of soft pink wrapped up inside a shirt. Instantly knowing what it was, he unravelled it completely, feeling the soft lace brush against his fingers.
“Okay, well good. Just don’t bother them too much. If we’re lucky maybe they’ll sort their shit out while they’re alone and stop dancing around each other,” She said with a smirk.
They decided to head out for breakfast and some coffee before they really got started. That also meant that Cas had opted for changing into a pair of Dean’s jeans, leaving the sweatpants that he had been wearing behind for later. After breakfast, they headed back to the motel room, spending the rest of the morning there sorting through the information Jody had sent them and looking for some of their own. It was really quite a productive morning.
Cas muttered under his breath, not entirely meaning for Sam to hear, but also not too concerned about if he did hear it.
Among the groups were who they presumed to be the most recent family that’d been taken, the ones whose belongings they’d come across earlier that day. Along with them, they found two other smaller groups of people,
Dean had to pause. He needed to take another breath or else he wouldn’t get through what he was trying to say.
Cas really did mean that. He was more than happy to just be here. Sure, it hadn’t been an easy trip getting here, but he’s come to learn that in life you have to fight for those you love, and that’s how he viewed this.
Cas had been so preoccupied with his thoughts that he hadn’t even realized that the car had stopped moving. It took a few minutes of Dean just staring at him, and then when he still hadn’t snapped out of it, Dean tried to say his name to get his attention. When even that didn’t work, Dean had to actually grab onto his arm and shake it to finally snap Cas out of his thoughts.
Dean hoped that Cas knew what he meant, he hoped Cas didn’t die thinking that he wasn’t wanted. He knew Cas didn’t know the full extent of his feelings for him, but at the very least he deserved to know that he was cared for, that he was wanted, that he’d be missed.
Dean pushed back the covers from his body, shivering as the cold air hit his exposed skin. He swung his legs over the side of the bed, standing up, and walking towards his dresser to take out a shirt, pulling it over his head. Then, he grabbed his robe and put it on, content with the barrier it provided from the cold air around him.
After the dream, Dean was different. Sam hadn’t seen him in a week, and he was growing even more concerned. The only way he knew Dean was still alive in his room, was when he heard those sobs, usually late at night, but they were happening more and more frequently.
Dean had lost count of how many times he had called Cas. Just once more, he’d tell himself each time, but there was always another time.
“Dean, he uh- I- I made a choice, back when I was alive to save someone that I loved and that choice, it came at a cost. I thought that it was only a cost that I would have to pay, but it ended up hurting Dean, as well…” Cas wasn’t really sure how to explain it to his brother, he wasn’t sure if he would actually understand it if he went into the details.
Dean promptly looked away from Cas as well, shifting his attention back to the list and whatever the hell they were supposed to be looking for down here. Remembering what they were looking for, Dean went to the other side of the aisle, grabbing the box of Corn Flakes that Cas had been reaching for before he was almost trampled. Placing them in the cart, Dean continued rolling it down the aisle, searching for the last two kinds of cereal on the list with Cas trailing a few steps behind.
With a huff, he got up from his bed, setting down the bottle of whiskey on his bedside table and walking to the door. He opened it cautiously, just in case Sam was waiting for him or something.
Castiel took a step towards the man, leaning down to pick him up off the ground. John flinched away from him.
“Hey, you never know. Maybe Dean will get enough sense to realize that Cas isn’t going to run away.”
Hearing those words meant that Dean couldn’t allow himself to deny that he was loved, even on his darkest days. He had heard them from Cas, he had felt every bit of love that Cas had felt, had felt it from his words, the meaning he put into those words, and in that moment there was no kidding himself with who they were meant for. Him. Only him. It wasn’t like those other times when Dean believed or tried to tell himself that Cas was speaking to everyone, Sam, Mary and Dean. But now Dean saw it, he really saw it. He knew what Cas meant back then. It was always meant for Dean, it was always directed at Dean, but Dean was too stupid and doubtful to see it.
Reluctantly, Dean followed, finally noticing the aroma that filled the air as he walked closer to the kitchen.
In the end, they decided they would have to tell Dean and make him see this little dog. It was, after all, the dog that he found at first, he was the one who had wanted to keep it, and if anyone needed a miracle right now, it was Dean.
Jack sighed, “There’s still a few things that I need to take care of before I can really remove myself. I’m glad you’re back, Cas. I really am, I wanted to get you out, I swear I was trying but I wasn’t able to yet, I- I didn’t know how…”
After their little talk, the rest of the drive went by a lot better than the beginning. The awkward tension was gone at least and was replaced by something else instead. A warm feeling. They didn’t talk much for the rest of the drive, but it was fine. It was a content silence and they talked when they wanted to, keeping the conversion light after that. Dean explained to Cas a bit more about the case and they decided that they’d get a quick lay of the land when they got there and get Dean something to eat while they did a bit more research. They’d go check out the newest crime scene in the morning.
Cas paused for a few breaths, but Dean stayed silent through this, even as he glanced over to see Cas was still gazing out the window. He wasn’t used to Cas talking this much about something so personal, none of them ever really did this, but it was nice. He didn’t want to miss a word and he really didn’t want Cas to stop.
“Alright,” Cas agreed, still shifting uncomfortably and making a point of not looking at Dean. Dean decided it would be best to change the subject.
“T- tombstone?” Dean stuttered out, his voice going two octaves higher than normal. He cleared his throat, hoping that Cas hadn’t noticed the change in his voice. “Yeah, we could- we could watch that.”
He moaned out in pleasure, body going slack against the table as Cas started working it in and out of his body. One finger turned into two, then somehow turned into four as he stretched out Dean.
His mouth already watering, he picked up his burger, but right as he opened his mouth to take a bite, Cas spoke again.
Sam slipped away, finally heading to the bathroom, before heading back to Jack. They watched the movie in Sam’s room and at some point, Sam dozed off.
“Hey, don’t drag me into this,” Cas protested, but he couldn’t help the laugh that escaped his mouth.
Apparently, his body decided to function without the consideration of his brain then because his hand was now reaching out towards the panties, picking them up. They felt different than he imagined, and yes, he had imagined that many times since his first view of them. Not that he’d ever admit it…
Dean gasped when he noticed he had been caught after he finally gained control over his body again. He didn’t know what to do or what to say. His mind had gone completely blank, not a clue of what to do in a situation like this, so he fled. His panties still in full view of any wandering eyes and before Cas could even think to say anything, Dean was gone and out of sight, his rushed footsteps echoing down the hallway, followed by the slam of a door, presumably his own.
I think, or at least I'm REALLY gonna try or I'm gonna make Jas kick my ass to update every two weeks from now on. This may or may not happen because the two of us are starting a new very long fic project soon which I hope actually turns out well, but either way, I think I can manage them both since I usually juggle writing like 4 fics at once, I'll just have to put one or two of them on hold for now so this one doesn't suffer.
“I wanna see you,” Cas murmured, sliding his hands along Dean’s thighs and up his body. Then, he leaned in, placing a chaste kiss on Dean’s lips and then continuing down to his neck, Dean tilting his head back and to the side to give Cas better access.
“To put it simply, yes. But either way, it was not the vessel that I saw and perceived as Meg. I was able to see her true form and who she was.”
He thought he was actually quite sneaky here, being all ninja-like. A sense of pride swelled in his chest before he realized he was on a mission. Mission: find out why the fuck Cas is acting like this.
Cas halted his movements, glancing over at Dean, and seeing that, in fact, all of the blankets seemed to be piled on top of him.
“Do you see that?” Cas asked as his gaze stayed fixed on something far away in the bushes as if he thought it would disappear if he looked away.
At that, Castiel finally broke, the tears escaping and flowing freely. It was the first time that he had ever heard Jack call him that and he was afraid that it would also be the last time. He hoped that it wouldn’t be but he needed to be practical here. He knew what Jack wanted to do going forward, how he didn’t want to be involved with things. He couldn’t help but feel sad, to feel like he was losing a part of himself.
“So, we can talk about it later then?” There was a note of hope in his voice. Dean knew that if he didn’t agree then Cas would only bring it up again later, so he had no choice but to agree. At least this way Cas would wait, at least a little while, for Dean to bring it up on his own when he was ready. Or at least if he brought it up again, it would most likely be when they were alone.
to watch a movie or Jeopardy with him, or join him in the kitchen in the mornings while Dean was silently sipping on his cup of coffee. He just wasn’t following him around like a lost puppy all the time and it all just felt different. It wasn’t the same as before the hunting trip. Dean knew why he was feeling weird and acting different, but he didn’t understand why Cas was too.
Once, Dean had been singing softly, a small smile on his face, with Cas in the passenger seat and without thinking too much about it, Cas started singing along with him. Dean halted his singing at first, completely taken aback. He was probably shocked that Cas even knew the words to the song, but it passed once Cas shot him a questioning look. Then Dean started up again, both of them growing louder and louder until they were practically shouting the words out. One probably couldn’t call it singing at that point, but that moment, that moment was something they both needed. It was as if nothing else in the world mattered, it was just them, in the impala with huge goofy grins on their faces, trying to keep from being consumed by the laughter they both tried to contain.
More silence. He stood there in silence for a few minutes, looking down at the dog who was looking up curiously at him.
, and you don’t even think he could love you back,” John snickered. “You’re even worse off than I realized. No wonder that no one could ever love you, that you’re always alone. Who could ever love someone this damaged?”
Cas just sighed. “Dean, that’s not how it works, standing closer to me won’t repel the bugs from you.”
Cas leaned over to grab it and give it to Dean, and when Dean reached for it, their fingers brushed lightly, only for a split second before Cas left go.
Jack didn’t know what exactly to do, but he knew he had to do something and do it right away. So much time had already passed since he’d left them. It had been a few weeks and not a word or sign or anything from him.
“Hey there,” he said, bending down to the girl's level. I think I have something that belongs to you…” He reached a hand into his jacket, and within a moment was pulling it back out, only this time it contained a small stuffed cat, the same one they’d found hours earlier. He’d held onto it this whole time. The only difference from then to now was that the small stuffie no longer had any trace of the blood and dirt that had covered it before.
He walked over to his bag, finding semi-clean clothes to wear. Pulling some boxer on underneath his towel first, before throwing it onto the bed. When he did, he noticed Cas’ eyes were still on him, but not on his face. They were trailing along his body, not looking away.
“Stop being so ungrateful. I made you who you are. At least the only part of you that’s actually good at something. You probably would’ve been killed by some monster long ago if it wasn’t for me.”
Cas only ignored him, however. All his attention was on John. His eyes narrowed at the sight of him, trying to hold himself back from attacking him, but he kept walking closer and closer until he was right in front of them.
“No but’s Sam, you need to try harder, make him understand. He needs to know that this is killing Dean. I’m worried, not just about him, but about you too.”
“Hello, Castiel,” she said, pulling him in for a hug. Cas was unusually still at the contact. Mary could feel it, sensing that something was off.
The walk to Dean’s room wasn’t long and he arrived there rather quickly, which might have been helped by the above-average pace he had taken.
It only took them two more days to wrap up the case, but those two days seemed to last a week. Sam kept giving him and Cas little smirks whenever they got too close, which seemed to only be happening more often since Cas had flown away the other night, which Dean didn’t actually think was possible.
Dean still, despite Sam’s efforts, spends a lot of time sleeping or at least trying to sleep. It’s hard some nights when his mind won’t shut off. A lot of the time he’ll just drink until he passes out or until he feels numb inside. He spends the majority of his time drinking now, it doesn’t matter what time it is. He just needs to lessen the pain.
He watched as Miracle got up and walked around in a few circles before lying down on the end of his bed, closing his eyes.
Cas knew that he could just use his grace to fix the problem of the spilt beer, which apparently Dean had forgotten about. Sure, he had attempted to remind Dean of that, but he’d been cut off. He clearly felt bad about making a mess, and after Cas had snapped at him, he didn’t want to make Dean feel any worse. He decided upon wearing the clothes, if not only to please Dean.
The longer he listened, the more he knew that Cas was right about him leaving. That he shouldn’t have left, or at least not yet, and not like that. He abandoned his only real family and they were suffering. Sam and Dean both. Jack heard everything Sam said, some things he knew already, but others were quite shocking to him. He had no idea that Cas had felt that way about Dean, or even Dean about Cas. He wasn’t sure what to do with this information, should he say something to Cas? Maybe not… It probably wouldn’t be best to meddle, they would need to figure it out on their own.
When he woke up, he was a bit dazed, his eyes fluttering softly, still remembering the dream, still feeling it. Then his gaze shifted slightly, his eyes had adjusted to the dark room and there standing at the foot of his bed was the angel he had been dreaming about. Cas. He was just standing there with his eyes glued to Dean, his gaze unwavering.
They finished their meal in relative peace after that, Sam now knowing not to mention anything about Dean’s wellbeing while Cas was dead. They kept the conversation light and easy, catching Cas up on some of the things he missed in the past few months that he was away.
Castiel remained silent for a few moments, thinking about his response. He didn’t really want to talk about this, but it was Dean and he knew that he would probably ask him again at a later point in time if he didn’t say anything now or he wouldn’t and would just think he fucked something up.
Now that his head had jumped back to the book, he couldn’t help thinking about the drawings that he had seen inside, not just the most recent one that Dean had actually caught him in the act of drawing, but the other’s from before Cas had- left… as well. Honestly, even now he was still surprised that Cas was even able to draw, let alone draw so damn perfectly, I mean how did he even learn to do that? Was it just an angel thing? Was he just able to do it naturally? Or did he have to practice and work at it for months maybe? He didn’t know, but god how he wanted to find out more, to just ask Cas about it.
Sometimes he would be the one staring first though. He’d be doing something and then glance up at Cas’ face, maybe not even meaning to do so, and then he’d be stuck, he wouldn’t be able to look away. He’d go over every detail of his face. The little crinkles by his eyes when he’d smile or laugh, usually at something that either he or Sam had done, the little furrow of his brow when he didn’t understand something, the way his eyes would shimmer in just the right lighting, making the blue hue become even more intense. Sometimes he’d even catch the little dart of his tongue to wet his lips and his eyes would instantly be drawn to it, catching every movement, which would sometimes be followed by a little lip-bite.
“He may not actually be human, but he sure is a hell of a lot more human than you. At least he actually gives a damn about our sons, about his family. At least he actually cares. He’s done more for Dean in these past few years than either of us have in his whole life.”
Trying to distract himself from whatever this was that he started, his mind started to wander. It didn’t wander far though, really only to the back seat of the car and what was sitting precariously in the middle of the seat. It was that fucking bag that Cas had brought. Where did he even get it from? It didn’t look new, he could tell that much. It was a dark blue colour, with a few loose threads here and there. He could see it had been worn down a little. Maybe he had borrowed it from Eileen or something, he sure as hell knew that it didn’t belong to Sam or him.
“Woah, way to make a guy feel special,” Dean joked before closing his laptop and getting up, slapping a hand on Castiel’s shoulder as he walked by. “Come on.”
It most definitely wasn’t there when they’d arrived at the motel or before he’d gone into the bathroom last night and judging by the look on Dean’s face, he knew that as well. He was just waiting for Cas to come up with some kind of explanation. An explanation of which he did not have.
“Look, I don’t wish to argue with you about this. I had my reasons. I was not going to just sit around and have you become subject to his abuse once again. You have had such a difficult life, I don’t want death to be the same. You deserve some peace. You deserve to be around those you love and who love you back. Not someone who wishes to shame you for who you are, who you love.”
Once Castiel was certain that Dean had fallen asleep, he got up from the chair, deciding to go for a walk. It was a beautiful night, the sky clear, the town quiet. He knew that they’d be doing a great deal of walking the next day or two, but he didn’t care, it wasn’t as if something like that truly made him tired. Things were also different at night, he enjoyed the quietness that came with it. It was peaceful, the world asleep around him.
He also couldn’t help but wonder if he’d been the only one that had been so blind. Had anyone else figured it out? Or had Cas told someone else before him? He reminded himself to ask Cas about it later, specifically if Sam knew about it.
“The movie ended a little while ago and Jack wanted to go play with his bunny before he and Sam started to make dinner. Sam went with him. They didn’t want to wake you, and neither did I. You looked very peaceful.”
,” John spoke with disgust evident in that one word. “Is not even human. He’s some creature, something that we hunt.”
He thought about those lips around him, the image of those eyes looking into his as those perfect pink lips were wrapped around his cock, his head bobbing back and forth. How he looked down and watched as the angel took him apart completely with only his mouth, how he watched as his tongue flicked out and ran against his slit. It had all felt so good, he couldn’t take his eyes off of Cas, he tried so hard just to keep them open, not wanting to miss a moment, finding pleasure in watching him, in
“Well, I was going to give this to you later…” Cas put his phone down, before standing up and rummaging around in his pockets for something, his bottom lip between his teeth in concentration until a smile spread across his face. He pulled both hands from his pockets, one of them containing a small box.
Once they were done opening presents, they all helped clean up the mess from the wrapping. Jack was very distracted by one of his presents though, as he half helped clean, and half poked at the little bunny that Sam, Dean, and Cas had decided to give him. They weren’t sure if they’d ever seen Jack so excited about something in his life and as they cleaned, Jack kept asking them what they thought of his ideas for a name.
“Looks like someone likes you,” Dean chuckled, looking fondly at the two. It was quite cute watching them interact with one another with Miracle happily pawing at and running circles around Cas and Cas looking a little taken aback by the dog while also trying to keep up with it.
The room was filled with the sounds of gasps and moans from the two of them, as Cas’ movements became faster and more erratic. Cas wrapped a hand around Dean’s cock then, trying his best to keep some focus on him, but it was hard, he was so close, and judging by the sounds Dean was making, so was he.
“No, I need your help to get back to him, I need a lot of help, actually. We need to wake up the others, as many as we can. I’ve escaped from here once before because I annoyed the Empty, but I don’t think that’ll work again. We need more noise. If we can get enough noise, then I think it’ll have no choice but to let us out.”
“Dean, you’re not getting any younger and neither of us want you dying from a heart attack. Just eat the salad, or maybe next time that’s all I’ll get you.”
Dean doesn’t know what to think anymore. Everything plays over and over again in his head, the good times and the bad times, and fuck were some of them bad. Even the good was wrapped up and twisted with the bad so many times.
“Dean… your face is rosy, you’ve been shivering already, and now you’re trying to keep your hands warm by putting them in your pockets,” Cas stated, completely misunderstanding half of those things. Dean just let him believe though, it was better than the real reason his face was red and why he shivered when Cas was so close. Maybe he was starting to get a little cold, but that hadn’t been the reason, not by a longshot
Cas looked anywhere but at Dean. He refused. He was so nervous for this, letting Dean have a glimpse into his mind, his heart. It was terrifying. He wasn’t even sure if Dean would understand, if he would even begin to understand why he chose these songs specifically. He hoped he did, but he also hoped he didn’t.
Dean rounded the corner to see Cas fumbling around the kitchen, bacon burning on the stove as he frantically removed the pan from the hot element in an attempt to prevent any further damage.
When Cas still didn’t say a word, Dean got a little concerned, which thankfully provided him with a bit of a distraction.
area due to a rabid bear in the area. I guess that makes our job easier, fewer people in the area to be hunted and we also know where to go.”
“I’m an angel, remember? And those thoughts you’ve been having these past two weeks... well, let’s just say they were not easy to ignore.”
“D- Dean what-” Then Cas cut himself off, his brain and mouth finally catching up with one another and registering that he can’t just out and ask Dean about what he just thought- no, what he
"That's because usually, you don't know it's happening. This time, you were aware of what I was about to do, so you could actually feel it."
It was messy and rough, the anticipation and desperation that both had been feeling the past few weeks coming out in that one kiss.
His eyes snapped up almost immediately, as he pulled his coat just a little bit tighter around his body.
Well, hello there. I finally came back with another update and I’m sorry I take so long, but apparently, my brain just likes to self-sabotage when it comes to writing these days and also GISH… I’m gonna partly blame GISH because I can and because I love it and I’m happy now since I have a cute little robot that I made during Bobak’s little segment that I shall love forever. And maybe that robot made an appearance that we don’t talk about because I’ll cry again…
“Look, I’m sorry, man,” Dean started saying, rushing to undo any damage that had been done. He placed his right hand on Cas’ knee, trying to get his attention. “I didn’t- I didn’t mean to snap at you. I just don’t want to talk about it. Not right now.”
“Okay, I’m saying this in the nicest way possible, but shut up. You’re an even bigger idiot than I thought you were if you’re about to tell me that he hasn’t been in love with you since he met you. Cas, I hardly even knew the man, and even I could see it.”
Dean breathed in a shaky breath and his left hand went to rub against his side. He saw how Dean’s face changed, the tension leaving it, almost looking emotionless.
Sam sighed, “Dean I’m not here to judge you, I know that I don’t fully get what you’re going through, but I’m here to listen whenever you need me, anytime. Okay?”
“Look, Cas, I don’t know how much Dean has told you, but knowing him it probably wasn’t much… but it wasn’t- things weren’t easy for him- or any of us- when you were gone…”
“Dude, what the hell is going on with you?” Dean asked once Cas’ now confused eyes focused on his own.
The cave wasn’t really much of a cave, to be honest. It was more like a series of interconnected tunnels with a few larger cave-like areas - like the area Dean had been in. It didn’t take them long to find the other groups of people though. They were scattered about in two other areas that were near each other. They didn’t find everyone, they hadn’t expected to find everyone even if they never said it aloud, but they found more people than they thought.
“I am going to strip you of everything except those panties, and then watch as you squirm under my touch until you’re
Dean slowly went to tear back the wrapping paper, something about it made him feel like he needed to be gentle with it. He wasn’t sure why, but it felt wrong to just tear it apart quickly.
The amount of utter shock and fear he felt when he opened that door was completely unexpected. Dean was devastated, it wasn’t Cas. Cas was still dead. He felt his heart shatter once again, but it was worse this time, so much worse. This time he had dared to hope, to dream. He dreamt of that moment that he saw Cas in the doorway, how badly he needed to hold him, he dreamt of saying those words back to him, hoped that Cas still felt the same way, still meant what he said. He had hoped for a future, one with Cas. This was the biggest mistake Dean could have made.
Dean sighed, ignoring the angel at first, but then he heard him once again, this time coming from a different direction. He decided not to test Cas’ patience at the moment. He knew better than that.
David just laid a hand over Roger’s, grabbing hold of it, grateful to have his husband here with him now.
Slowly, he walked around his room. The space was pretty plain. There wasn’t much in his room, just a few small personal items scattered in various places, but overall, it wasn’t much.
He did it without thinking at first, but then he realized, he realized why he had placed it in that spot. It was for Cas. He hadn’t even mentioned anything to Cas about it yet, hadn’t really thought about it, but it felt right. It felt like that’s where the angel should be. Just there, watching over him.
Cas had to do this for Dean. Dean deserved so much more than this and he had to do this one thing for Dean, he needed to show Dean that there was hope.
“It’ll be okay, you know it will. He’s with Cas. Do you really think he’d let anything happen to him?”
“When you first came back… you said something that uh, caught my attention and I guess this just kind of reminded me of it…”
“I know, but uh, I can’t help but wonder… How did you manage to do all this? To do this all by yourself? Where did you even know where to start?”
“Sorry, Dean. I do not wish to “give you a heart attack” although I don’t see how doing this would…” Cas furrowed his brow a bit, thinking about what Dean meant.
It also did not help that Cas seemed to be breathing down his neck the whole time. He couldn’t escape the angel, he was always just so
“I don’t have to know whatever this is about to know that I care about you, Dean, and nothing could ever change that. And either way, am I really one to judge? After all I’ve done, all the mistakes I’ve made in my very long life, how could I possibly judge or think ill of you?”
Dean grabbed his boots and a hat and put them on. He also grabbed a pair of gloves and put them in his pocket for now. He was already wearing his cozy sweatpants and a sweater so he figured he’d be warm enough as it didn’t look too cold out today. It seemed a little gloomy out, but he didn’t want that to stop him. He went out into the little shed there and grabbed the shovel and then went back inside to go out their porch door.
“I know and it's understandable that you still care about him in some way. I’m sure he wasn’t always like this… I guess one thing we’ll always have in common is understanding complicated relationships with fathers.”
Dean seemed to consider that for a moment before his chewing froze. Slowly, he swallowed the food down and looked at Cas wearily.
Cas brought a hand to Dean’s chest, holding it over the wound. He closed his eyes as he concentrated, his hand glowing as the wound closed up on itself, the flesh binding together.
“Please stop… don’t hurt me,” he replied weakly, but the words weren’t directed at Cas, they were directed at who was towering above them both. John Winchester. There was a sick smile on his face as he looked down at Dean who was still crumpled on the ground.
They stood there, mostly silent while the food cooked, and Dean decided maybe now was a good time to cut up the bananas that they neglected earlier.
The memory that sticks with him the most though, well that was the last memory he had of Cas. Right before Cas had been taken from him, taken forever. Cas was taken because he sacrificed himself to save Dean. Dean. The righteous man. The man he loved.
Something definitely felt off, so he walked towards the direction that he last saw Dean, hoping that maybe he just didn’t hear him or was still quietly brooding.
“Morning,” Dean replied. His voice equally, if not rougher. There was a small smile on Dean’s face as he spoke, one that had been there for a few minutes now.
“Ya uhh…when uh two people are- when they are under th- the mistletoe at the same time…they’re supposed to uh kiss…”
They both let out a simultaneous groan, both finally getting what they had been craving from the other.
Then Dean pulls away, looking Cas in the eyes, cupping his face. He couldn’t believe that he was really here. He was finally able to look into those ocean blue eyes, getting lost in them. He could see that he wasn’t the only one overcome with emotion and being flooded by tears. They made Cas’ eyes sparkle though, making the blue stand out even more, just like the last time he had seen the angel, except this time, his eyes were filled with happiness and he wasn’t having to say goodbye.
“No, I know. I just wanted to see how the case was going, make sure they didn’t need anything. And okay maybe I am a little worried and I know I shouldn’t be but I can’t help how I feel. I just needed to hear from him that things were okay.’
“Oh, I’m sorry about that,” a woman with short, pastel pink hair interrupted as she came up to them. “I swear I have no control over them most of the time.”
Cas shivered at the memories, his greatest failures in life, most seeming to circle around the older Winchester brother, all the times he let him down, he failed him, the rage, the disappointment he saw in his eyes when he looked at him. It haunted him.
“I think you know what it was, Dean. And it’s okay if- if you don’t feel the same. I just- I needed you to understand. I need you to know that no matter what, no matter what happens, I’ll always be here.”
Dean began to walk towards Cas then, but it wasn’t necessarily Cas that he was aiming for. More like the bag of food that Cas had dropped on the floor upon his arrival.
“Hey there, buddy,” he laughed as Miracle decided to take advantage of this newfound height difference and started to lick Dean’s face. Dean gave Miracle a few last pets on the head before standing up and looking back to see Cas watching the two of them with a surprised, yet warm smile on his face. Miracle seemed to notice then too that there was another person in the room, a new person at that.
The last few days had been a whirlwind of emotions. It still didn’t seem fully real to Dean, at some points he was sure he’d wake up and realize this was all a dream. He knew it probably wasn’t good to be thinking like that but he couldn’t help it. Good things never lasted, there always seemed to be a catch. Some fucked up condition to his happiness. That’s how it had always been.
“I remember everything,” David said simply, his voice hollow. “That night has played over and over inside my head for over fifty years. I know time can change things, that I was young, but I remember it. I couldn’t forget even if I tried.”
It didn’t take him long to find Chuck, it was relatively easy, especially considering he hadn’t even tried to ward himself, but even if he had, Jack was now God. it wouldn’t have made much of a difference.
things felt so awkward, or at least why it was for him. It didn’t take a genius to figure out when this started. If he had only just left that stupid sketchbook alone and not looked at it, everything would be fine right now. But no, he always seemed to find a way to fuck things up.
While Dean was showering Cas decided he would go to his room for a bit. He hadn’t been in there yet since he got back and now seemed like a good time for it.
Cas did not have to be told twice, the anticipation taking over, which was only increased by Dean’s encouraging words. His fingers disappeared from inside Dean, a noise of dissatisfaction heard from the hunter, but it was soon cut off as Cas finally brought his leaking cock to nudge against Dean’s hole, pressing lightly to warn him for the coming intrusion.
The sun was beginning to set once they’d gotten everyone out of the woods and called for some help to come get them all. Once they were sure everyone was fine, they drove off, heading back to the motel for one last night, planning to drive back to the bunker the following morning. Dean was exhausted from the day, not just from the hiking, but also from being dragged through the woods. Cas may have healed his wounds from earlier, but his body still ached all over.
Unsure of what to do, Castiel just stood beside him for a few moments, knowing that he didn’t like seeing Dean in pain, but also knowing that waking Dean wasn’t usually a good idea.
‘Mary, you can’t just expect me to go back and tell him I love him again. Not after... not after he said nothing back.”
Dean had been sitting on the kitchen steps with Sam, just thinking and talking about what had happened, still trying to figure out their next move with Chuck. It had felt so hopeless. What did they even have left to give, what options did they have? They had his death book, but they had no way of getting it open to see the ending, to see how he was going to die. They were completely and utterly screwed. It seemed as if all hope had left the building, all hope of defeating Chuck and saving everyone that he hurt. Everyone that they lost.
There was also last night. Now that he was thinking of it, he didn’t say 'I’m going to bed' when he was trying to escape the conversation, he included Cas in that. It was an invitation for Cas to follow him to bed, to stay with him once again, even if he hadn’t explicitly said it that time. I mean, he even left the door open for Cas to follow him, he didn’t even try closing it to keep him out.
It had been difficult enough to control himself when Dean was right in front of him, nearly impossible if he was being honest, but somehow he managed, that was until now. Now he was completely exhausted with keeping himself in check and he just needed to fucking let go and do whatever his, well… not his brain, wanted to do.
“I wouldn’t be who I am today if it weren’t for you. You- you taught me what it was like to care, to care about everyone. You taught me how to love. None of this, nothing in the world would be here if it wasn’t for you and your ability to love so fiercely.”
Cas flinched under the sudden touch, something he was grateful that Dean didn’t seem to notice. Quickly, he stood up from the chair, but not forgetting to readjust his coat as he did so.
Then both stood there, the phone still to their ears, just staring in disbelief at each other. Dean seemed to remember the phone was still to his ear as he spoke.
“I’m over-” he began to say. That was until he felt a sharp pain across his side, followed by the hard thud of his head colliding with a nearby tree. His vision blurred and faded to black.
"It still works," was all Cas said and just then, Dean noticed that he had dropped his burger. A little flustered, he picked it up again but didn't go for another bite just yet.
Castiel had put him together piece by piece, body and soul. He knew Dean better than Dean knew himself in some aspects and he trusted him. Cas grew to care for him in a relatively short period of time, at first he was just a mission, but then it grew into something more, a friendship, one that definitely wasn’t perfect, but their hearts were in the right place. Those feelings that he held became more powerful, however, as the years went by, as their relationship continued to grow.
Dean just made a face at the angel, and even though he knew that Cas couldn’t see it, it still made him feel just a little bit better.
“Dean, after all those years, after how he treated you growing up… why would you care what happened? He abandoned you and Sam for weeks at a time, he abused you, both physically and emotionally. He was a monster and I will not let him hurt you again. Not ever.”
“If it’s bothering you, we can just forget about it. It’s alright, I don’t wish to make you uncomfortable.”
He looked Cas in the eyes, as his grip tightened on the blue tie, as he said “Merry Christmas, angel,” and leaned forward smashing his lips against Cas’.
After whatever they actually decided on, Dean would start getting tired. He’d try to hide his yawns from Cas, but Cas always noticed, telling Dean he should get some sleep. Dean, of course, would usually insist that he wasn’t tired, or not super tired just yet and he’d convince Cas to just let him stay up for a bit longer.
he told me something. I was just so shocked and confused and everything had happened so quickly, I didn’t have time to process what he was saying-”
“Dean,” Cas called out, yet not too loudly as he rushed to his side, taking a better look at him and his injuries as he did so. The head wound was the worst of it as far as he could tell, but it didn’t look too bad and was also accompanied by a few scrapes and bruises that came from being dragged through the woods at such high speeds.
After Dean had talked to Sam about what had happened, things started to become slightly better. He was able to manage it all a bit better and he felt comfortable talking to Sam again if he needed to. He even managed to stop himself from calling Cas’ phone again.
not okay, I mean if we need a sign on that just look at him or even just the way he is now, how if you’re not within his sightline he’ll get all fidgety and weird until he can see you. Cas, that’s not normal behaviour.”
Dean was laying in bed, getting a little worried. The sound of Sam’s soft snores provided him with some background noise as he tried to fall asleep, but he couldn’t. His brain wouldn’t stop thinking and overthinking everything. The dreams, the feeling of Cas standing only inches behind him, his breath ghosting on his neck, how close his face had been to his earlier that day when he crashed into him. They were so close. Their bodies were pressed against one another, similar to how it had been in his dreams. He could still remember the heat radiating off the angel’s body, the way his cheeks had gotten a slight pink tinge to them before he had flown away. Just as he was thinking about that, he heard a noise. A whoosh and he felt a sudden change in the air. His breath caught in his throat. He knew exactly what that meant. Cas was back.
“I-I never got a childhood, not a normal one anyway. Sammy and I, we were both still kids, but dad would leave us for weeks at a time. Drop us off in one town in some crappy motel room with some cash and then he’d be gone. We never really knew how long he’d be gone for and it could be days before he checked in. I had to grow up so fast, I had to be there to take care of Sam. It was my job, he was my responsibility.”
Dean knew that eventually, he should probably talk to Cas about everything that happened, what Cas had said before the Empty took him, at the very least, but he still wasn’t sure how or even when.
Dean took a few steps closer to Cas, putting a hand on his shoulder and tilting his head down to catch Cas’ gaze and bring it back up to him. “Look, I know you like guinea pigs for… whatever reason… but we can’t get one. Maybe one day, but I think we’d all have to discuss it first, okay?”
Cas stayed silent before realizing that Dean was looking at him expectantly and then it sunk in that Dean was asking
“Y-yes, I’ll behave,” Dean stuttered out, much to Cas’ satisfaction which only increased when Dean let out a surprised whine as their hips aligned and their erections grazed against each other.
Dean choked then, on completely nothing. He could feel a flush climb its way onto his cheeks at the words. Since when had Cas been such a cheeky bastard? He tried to ignore it, not wanting to think about what he had just done.
“I was always walking on eggshells around him, always so worried that I’d say or do the wrong thing. I always had to watch everything I did. Sometimes one thing would set him off and another time it wouldn’t. It was exhausting, I couldn’t monitor myself all the time, I was young and I was stupid sometimes. It was hard for me to control my emotions.”
“Uh-huh, okay. Are you sure they don’t need your help in there? I promise I’ll be fine if you go check-”
Rusty couldn’t believe it. What was happening? This had to have been a dream. Rusty didn’t know what to do, they couldn’t move, they couldn’t look away, because Rusty was actually able to move.
Cas placed hot, open mouth kisses over the bulge of Dean’s pants, while Dean writhed beneath him, pleading Cas to stop teasing and just touch him.
Walking towards his room, he didn’t hear any noise; no voices, no footsteps, so shuffling around. Nothing. It was completely silent apart from the odd creak from the old bunker.
It took a few minutes for him to decide and click on the button that would bring him to his unheard messages. The message had just been about to play when in walked Dean, causing him to turn his phone off immediately. Since then, he just hadn’t been able to bring himself to listen to it.
Cas halted, surprised by the shift of Dean leaning closer into his hand, his eyes fluttering softly. “I- I never expected that it would be like this, that it would be so overpowering.”
He chanced a look down at Cas then as the angel stood there, watching for his reaction and then Dean noticed something. Cas was fucking hard.
He knew by now that Cas must’ve been following him because of the creaking of the door he heard only a few moments after he made it outside. Pausing, Dean waited beside a tall oak tree for Cas to make his way closer. As he stood there, he remembered that it was still only March, so it was a little cold and he hadn’t bothered to wear a jacket. He didn’t care though, at least the sun was still out and even if it wasn’t, he was not going to turn around to go get one.
So much had happened in the past few days. Dean didn’t know how to process it all fully yet. Lucifer and Michael were dead, they beat Chuck, and now their kinda-sorta son, who was literally 3 years old, was the new God.
That seemed to break Cas out of his trance, shaking his head and not meeting Dean’s eyes. Before he could say anything, the door opened and in walked Sam, hands carrying coffee.
“So...what you’re telling me is that you only told him that you loved him to save him? And then he watched you die. You left the man who’s been in love with you for years and didn’t- you didn’t give him a chance to say anything back?”
Raising a brow, Dean sat up fully before leaning a bit closer to Cas to hand him the book. With a smirk on his face, he kept his eyes trained on the angel, examining his reactions. There was a mix of fear, surprise and something else. It was a little amusing, but Dean was not without a heart. He did feel a little bad for invading Cas’s privacy once again.
Jack knew that in any other circumstance he wouldn’t be able to trust Chuck, but because of the spell, Chuck couldn’t betray him.
Dean gasped when he felt himself spring free from the confines of his pants, cock bouncing against his chest.
It had been about a week since their last case, so Dean was ready to get out of the bunker, It was really nice at first, just having some time off to do nothing but sit around and watch some movies, but after a while he just wanted to get out, change up the routine a bit.
“D- Dean, I didn’t- what-“ Cas finally tried to speak. Not doing a very good job of it though. The words were broken, his voice was low and hoarse and god would Dean have loved to hear his voice like that in a completely different situation, one that required less awkwardness and fewer clothes, but that was not where they were and that was not what was happening.
Cas had been walking down the hallway of the bunker one night, it was late and everyone else had gone to bed already, so he was trying to find something to do.
He decided to keep searching and to look around the rest of the bunker, starting in the war room, and then the kitchen. He had almost all but given up when in walked Dean.
Mary, Cas and Bobby went to find John after they had finished their talk, wanting to deal with him sooner rather than later. It didn’t take long to find him, he hadn’t gone very far, probably because he didn’t really have anywhere else to go.
Cas' voice was loud enough that the whole diner went silent for a second, and when Dean looked around, all eyes were on them. Out of embarrassment, he quickly sat back down.
“I’m talking about how you raised them, what you did after I was gone. What you said to them, to Dean! Oh, we both know who he is and you-”
Reluctantly, Dean let Cas pull him closer and back towards the direction of the bunker. Dean did notice, however, that Cas did not remove his hand from his body, instead, it just slid further up his arm, until it was snaked around his shoulders, Dean realizing that it was Cas’ attempt to keep him warm until they got back. The thought made his heart warm inside. Cas was so overprotective sometimes, but sometimes, Dean had no problem with it.
Thanks for reading everyone! The next chapter is gonna be a bit longer than all the others and I'm almost done so that chapter should be up on time. Hope everyone has a great week!
“I’ll just go sit over there then,” Cas spoke softly, as he was moving to get up. He was completely off the bed when one of Dean’s hands shot out, grabbing the angel's wrist in a tight hold.
He knew he should have called Dean or Sam, but he didn’t. He needed to see both of their faces, he couldn’t just do it over the phone this time because things were different now. He needed to see Dean’s face, he didn’t want him to lie over the phone and tell him everything was okay, he needed to see him and know that whatever he said wasn’t just to cover up his feelings or to spare Cas from whatever pain he had caused.
After they left, they headed back to the motel, picking up some food on the way. It was getting late already and they needed to be up early tomorrow to head out to the woods.
Once they were out of sight, Dean and Cas decided to head to the kitchen to finish cleaning up. They had started walking over, when Dean noticed Cas had paused.
He was back. It wasn’t a dream. This was happening. He was really here and- oh. Dean was holding his hand. He was holding it tightly and he still hadn’t let go.
His name, carved into the table with their other family members. Cas was part of their family, had been for a very long time, for what felt like forever to Dean. There was Sam, Mary, Jack, Dean and Cas. It wasn’t a perfect family, but that’s what they had.
to find them Cas, I swear, I just, I noticed there was a bit of a lump one day on your bed and it was annoying so I just checked to see why and then I just- I found them. I’m sorry that I took them, I just- I didn’t know that you’d- you were
Castiel also tried to make amends with those who were affected by his ignorant actions when helping Metatron. At the time he thought he was doing what was best, but it was all a lie. He didn’t wait for Kevin to finish translating the angel tablet or for Sam and Dean’s help, he had wanted to do this without them and he paid for it dearly, but he was not the only one who paid the price. Sophia, Azriel, Ezekiel, they were all killed in the fall, they were all killed because of his recklessness.
He really hadn’t thought too much about it when he had packed for the trip. He wasn’t going to bring any of them at first, but then as sort of a last-minute thing, he went back to his drawer and grabbed a pair. He hadn’t worn any of them very much recently, mostly due to the fact that Cas had been in his room with him most days now and he hadn’t wanted him to notice, but now, the angel was gone, he was nowhere in sight so what harm could come from it?
When Jack was done, it was quiet for a few minutes. You could have heard the sound of a pin drop, but then the silence was broken.
“Hello, Sam,” Cas responded to him. He started heading down the stairs towards where Sam was now standing at the bottom, near the map table. Dean followed behind him a few moments after, trying to collect himself before he had to face his brother, worried that he had seen what was about to happen.
Dean didn’t have long to dwell on these thoughts though, he didn’t have the time. When he saw the face of who was really greeting him, the face of another angel who he presumed was long dead, who he thought was going to stay dead.
Castiel flinched visibly at Dean’s response, leaning away from the man and instead shifted his gaze down to the table and the food in front of him.
what I’m talking about. I knew you were soft when you were younger, impressionable, but to grow up with these same urges/ It’s disgusting, Dean. I raised you better than that.”
Sam went off easier than Dean, leaving them both alone for the first time since he arrived. Attempting to fight off the awkwardness that he feared would come, Castiel stood up and physically pulled Dean off his chair in order to get him to head to bed. He even walked with Dean, just to make sure he was really going to his room. That’s what he told himself at least. He just told himself he was following Dean to make sure he would get some sleep. He tried to ignore the feeling inside of him that didn’t want to leave Dean simply because he didn’t want to be apart from him, not just yet. It didn’t work very well though. This inner voice, this feeling wouldn’t go away, not until he acknowledged it. That’s why he found himself speaking these next words to Dean.
He didn’t have a plan, all he knew was that there was no way he was getting out alone this time, he didn’t think it was enough for him to just annoy a cosmic being until it let him go like last time. He would need something bigger than just him. Cas knew he needed help so he did the only thing he could think of, something he had done once before when he was here, he called out. He would call out to the other residents of the empty, call out to his brothers and sisters, he would call out to any being there that could hear him or until he made himself heard.
Okay, yup, he was. Before Dean’s brain could even finish that line of thought, Castiel was leaning back down, but not towards Dean’s face this time. No, he was going to clean up his mess and he was going to fucking enjoy it.
"I haven't thought about it yet, but it seems like whatever it is, it doesn't plan to stop anytime soon."
All these little things he did, all of them, it was his way of trying to let Cas in, to open up just a little because it was the only way that he could
They didn’t only gather angels though, there were a few demons too, not many, and to be more specific there were only two, but hell if those two didn’t matter. Crowley and Meg, he couldn’t forget about them, both had sacrificed themselves for him and the Winchesters, they weren’t completely consumed with hate or evil like most other demons, they had some good parts to them too. They did look slightly out of place though amongst the hoards of angels and Castiel had to be careful. He tried to keep them away from the majority of angels, in fear that some would not agree with this one choice, but they had done much for him, how could he not try to repay them. He also knew that he could count on them to help, even if Crowley may have only done it for selfish reasons, or at least, that’s all he would admit to. Meg, on the other hand, had shown such kindness and care for him on Earth, and he would never forget it.
“Yes, but either way, do you really think you can come back from the dead and have me not know about it?”
Castiel sat down in the chair, it was facing Dean’s bed already and he didn’t bother moving it. He stayed right there in that spot as Dean quickly got ready for bed which involved him stripping halfway. Castiel averted his eyes when Dean did that, not wanting to make Dean uncomfortable. He kept his gaze trained firmly on the floor until he heard the rustling of the covers being pulled back and the creak of the bed as Dean slid into it.
Cas looked back up at Dean’s face, his eyes still wide, like a deer caught in the headlights, as he noticed a slight blush paint its way across the hunter’s cheeks, subtle, yet still there.
Dean scooted over a little, over to the left side of the bed, giving Cas some room so he could sit more comfortably and lean against the headboard, then he laid back down, turning his body away from Cas.
With that, Castiel closed his eyes and the hunter could feel his whole body tingling within seconds. It started at his head and travelled down his whole body, just like some kind of goo running down his skin, but much more pleasant.
Dean wanted to get away from the bunker, away from his endless thoughts, and he needed answers, to which questions specifically, well, he had a few in mind, starting with the one that made the most logical sense. The one that was about the beginning of this all. How the fuck did Cas manage to wake up?
“Cas…” Dean grumbled out. Dean didn’t even have to open his eyes to know Cas was in the room. He could just tell by now, he could feel his presence and those eyes trained to the back of his head. “Tell Sam that if he doesn’t shut the hell up I’m going to shove his phone down his throat when we get back.”
“You better not have fucked up my burger…” Dean muttered out as he proceeded to walk over to the table to eat.
Cas had wandered off at some point, Dean not noticing at first, not until he turned around, about to ask Cas for his opinion on which leash he thought they should get, but when he did, Cas was nowhere in sight. Sighing, Dean had a guess of where the angel may have gone off to.
The whole drive all he could think about was Dean. What would happen when he showed up? Would Dean hug him and tell him he missed him, would he brush it off with a quick handclap on the shoulder, not paying much attention to it and ignoring everything Cas had told him before he died? Or would he be angry and yell at Cas for leaving? He had no idea, there were so many ways that this could go, so many things that Dean could say or just not say. He was terrified, but also, so excited. He just wanted to see Dean, it really didn’t matter what happened or what Dean said as long as he saw him, just to see his face once more, just to hear his voice.
“Cas, come on, back me up here man,” Dean nudges Cas’ shoulder with his own. “You must’ve had scrambled eggs once when you were human right? I could’ve sworn I even cooked them for you once.”
Cas walked over to the desk, turning on the lamp and then opening the top drawer. Inside he kept one of his favourite things. It was the mixtape that Dean had made him a few years ago. Next to it laid an old walkman he used to listen to the tape sometimes.
Cas took this opportunity of Dean being right side up, to walk Dean backwards until the back of his legs hit the bed. He placed both hands on Dean’s, now bare, chest and pushed him down onto the bed.
“Nah, she’s been doing some research for a friend of hers. I was gonna go help her out so I’ll just take this to the library to eat. You two have fun though,” Sam winked, before grabbing two plates and heading into the hallway.
He nodded timidly, feeling vulnerable now. After all that he said, now he felt vulnerable. He was letting Cas in once again, letting him know that he needed him, just how much he really needed him and it was terrifying.
After a few moments, a low groan interrupted his examination of Dean’s injuries, which was then followed by the hazy blinking of Dean’s eyes as he attempted to take in his surroundings.
“Geez Cas, a little creepy don’t you think?” He snapped it out, a little too harshly maybe, but Cas didn’t seem to notice.
"I- I just wanted to make sure that you were safe," the other man mumbled, and now, it was Dean's time to blush. Without another word, he looked down at his burger before taking a bite, carefully though, since the sauce had now begun to drip all over the place.
Also, what about all those other angels that came back? Cas said that he had known some of them, but what about the others? How could they be sure one of them wasn’t just at the very least, pissed about being dead and just wanting some payback. Cas really did have a hand in a lot of angel deaths over the years, what if-
The sensation of kissing another man was a bit strange to Dean at first, the feel of stubble scratching at his chin, the feel of a flat chest pressed against his own, and- oh. There was certainly still something pressed against Dean now, but it was not in an area he was used to, it was further down, pressed up against this thigh.
want to look at Cas right now, he couldn’t. He was lucky he was even able to be in the same room as him right now.
Dean was the one who lost that game first, but to be fair it wasn’t his fault. He had no control over Cas deciding the perfect moment to bite his goddamn lip was when Dean was two feet away from him. He couldn’t stop his eyes from following the movement that seemed to last for ages, and to top it all off, was followed by the quick dart of his tongue to the same area.
Sam sighed, looking down. He knew Cas was right. If Dean didn’t want to talk about something, then he wouldn’t. They couldn’t force him to. They really just had to be there for Dean, to show him that they were there.
“No problem,” Sam turned around to start walking out of the room, before turning his head back to Cas one last time. “Just let me know if you change your mind.”
“Really, Mary?” John spoke, looking at his wife. “You’re gonna take the side of this thing? He’s not even human.”
Dean felt the tears starting to swell in his eyes as he looked down at the floor, anywhere but at Sam.
Despite Dean’s words, he still let out a noise of disappointment when Cas removed the pressure and lifted his hips in the air, just high enough to not be touching Dean. The kisses halted as well, as Cas looked into Dean’s eyes for a few seconds, before using that mouth to place gentle kisses all around Dean’s body, making his way from his neck, to his chest, stopping along the way to dart his tongue out along Dean’s nipples, before continuing down to his torso.
Quickly, Cas stood up, pulling the chair that had been so inconveniently placed with him. His eyes, flashing back to the sliver of red as it disappeared with Dean’s movements.
“Hey, Dean, there’s no need to worry, I’ve got you. I promise to be gentle, alright? And if you need me to stop I will, just say the word.”
He cleared his throat before speaking. "Alright, but I'm gonna give you some clothes later. I’ll take care of yours, don't worry."
Both of them were bare-chested now and breathing heavily as they took a moment to breathe, but only a moment because soon Cas was back, pushing into Dean.
“Right, yes, good point,” Cas replied, fidgeting with the edges of his trench coat sleeves while he thought about where to begin.
Dean had been sitting in the library, alone, flipping through the news for anything that merely resembled a case, but was coming up with very little.
Cas couldn’t get any words out, his brain still in the process of trying to comprehend any of what he just witnessed a few moments ago. His gaze shifted back down to Dean’s waist, trying to get another glimpse of the vibrant red against Dean’s tan skin, but all that he saw was the dark blue of his jeans and the black fabric of his shirt that was now resting over top of them, no skin exposed for his eyes to see now.
Dean felt the tie trail along his thigh before anything else, the first point of contact. Then, it was Castiel’s lips, placing light kisses on his stomach, and then, it was his tongue. Darting out quickly to remove all traces of come from Dean’s stomach. The longer he worked, the closer he got to Dean’s panties.
“You don’t need his approval. You don’t need to try to please him anymore. He isn’t your family. Family cares about you, they support you, they don’t put you down or hurt you for who you are.”
That didn’t mean… did it…? No. Cas was family, they all were. I mean he didn’t only draw him, he drew Sam and Jack and Claire too. They were Cas’s family, of course, that’s what he meant by that.
Dean was about to go give it a little shake when Cas quickly placed a hand on his arm, halting his movements.
Then, his brain went somewhere else. Why the hell, of all the reactions Dean could’ve imagined, was that the one Cas had? I mean, yeah, maybe he was shocked or whatever at first, but this was pretty consistent by now he thinks and he shouldn’t be shocked after the third time of seeing his fucking panties. Maybe… there was another reason for this reaction Dean thought. Maybe he could ask something…
He really was doing a horrible job at this, he knew the moment he said it that Cas saw right through it.
After everything was done, Sam and Jack both gave Dean their gifts. Both wondering, yet never asking where Cas’ gift was. It was getting late then, Sam and Jack both decided to head to bed for the night, but Dean wasn’t quite ready for that yet.
“Please, Jack,” he whispered out. His eyes were filled with concern and love. Jack faltered for a moment. He knew that Cas wouldn’t ask this if it wasn’t important and for a good reason. He needed to trust him.
Castiel looked down at his hands, letting Rowena’s words sink in. She was right. He never thought he deserved Dean, even now he still wasn’t sure that he did. After everything he had done, after the way he just left Dean. Again. He always just left him, sacrificed himself and he knew Dean hated it, he knew that it hurt him, yet he kept doing it over and over again.
Before he could embarrass himself any further, Cas quickly and carefully cut the rope that was holding Dean up and soon, Dean was ungracefully being sent to the ground as his legs gave out. Then, he was falling forward, his face about to collide with a rock, but Cas was faster, managing to catch Dean just in time.
When he finally glanced up and noticed Dean’s bright green eyes looking back at him, he visibly jumped in his seat, dropping both his pencil and the book onto the ground as he scrambled to hide it from Dean. He sat there in shock for a few seconds before sliding off his chair and down to the ground to pick them both up.
Almost an hour later, Dean had talked to Sam, found something for lunch, packed a bag and some snacks and was ready to go. He hadn’t seen Cas since he left him in the library, but he assumed he would know well enough to meet him at the Impala.
Dean was bored, and honestly, he still had quite a few questions about the circumstances surrounding Cas’s return from the Empty. He had held off on asking too many for now, even that first night, he and Sam tried to hold off a little so they didn’t overwhelm Cas. Plus, they were still processing themselves and after that night, the more Dean thought about it, the more questions he came up with.
They told Rusty how the older Winchester stabbed an angel, right in the heart and how he didn’t even flinch. Oh, how they wanted to be that knife, to be the one that was used.
me to remove those too. Only then will I do so, and fuck, the things I’ve been waiting to do to you after that… The things I’ve imagined...”
All of the time he had spent with Dean, all of the memories he had of him, they were the best memories he had.
John just chuckled darkly at that. “You really think that was by accident? I knew what you were back then… I saw it in the way you acted, in the way you looked at other boys… I thought sticking you on that case when you were older would help straighten you out… but I guess not.”
It was then that Cas realized that Dean must’ve hurt his ankle earlier because it was now very visibly swollen and bruised.
Dean had been so adamant upon him wearing it, saying that they needed to blend in, that the local police wouldn’t trust them or something if he didn’t wear it. Cas to say the least, wasn’t convinced, yet there he sat in the Impala as Dean plopped this hat on his head. He hadn’t even needed to see himself in the hat to know how ridiculous he looked and Dean had even agreed after examining it, which really didn’t help with his embarrassment.
Dean and Cas just looked at each other, nothing else mattering to them at that moment. Cas felt as Dean’s knee bumped against his, nudging him. Cas nudged him back.
He was able to sleep better because of it too. Having his angel there helped him in so many ways, so when he made this change to his room, he knew exactly why.
Dean just stared at Cas, his mouth slightly ajar. He wasn’t sure what to say after something like that. Somehow Cas always seemed to surprise him, without even trying. And somehow he had actually improved his people skills…
Roger reached a hand over to David then, placing it on his knee and brushing his fingers against it softly as a form of comfort. He knew it was still difficult for David to talk about this, even if he didn’t show it.
ha okay so I KNOW it's been a while since I posted so I'm sorry!! Life has been kinda crazy with exams and essays due and then I got sick but I'm fine now and I'm done school so yayy! So here's another chapter and I'm sorry for making everyone wait but I hope you enjoy this.
Cas paused, looking around to try and determine which way to go, trying to remember from the last time that he was here with Sam and Dean.
Still, silence. Dean turned away from John, not wanting him to read it all over his face what he was really feeling.
Dean wasn’t sure what to do, but then his body seemed to react without consulting his brain and his hand tugged again. Another moan escaped Cas and then he heard the sound of a zipper. It was Cas’ this time.
some form of love as an angel, but that it was still nothing compared to what humans felt or what Dean felt.
In the background, there were trees, a lot of them. Evergreen trees, he thinks. From what he could tell, they were surrounding the grassy area. It must’ve been a little clearing in a forest somewhere. At least he imagined it was somewhere, someplace that Cas had actually visited. A place where he sat in the middle of the clearing, just sketching for hours. He also liked to imagine that one day Cas would take him there, that Dean could lay in the grass, in the warm sun as Cas sat there beside him, just drawing again. Maybe drawing the bees again, or maybe drawing Dean there with him. It was a nice thought to have, and it was one that had used to be filled with sadness, with the knowledge that he would never know if the field was real or not and that Dean would never get to see it, but now there was hope. Anything was possible now, anything could happen and it was the greatest feeling.
That’s what he thought of until he fell asleep, which, in hindsight, probably wasn’t the best thing to be thinking about because yet again he woke up, a panting mess, feeling the warm, sticky liquid in his boxers. He groaned as he rubbed a hand down his face, trying to collect himself. It had been about Cas, once again, but it had been different from the last two times. Those times in the dreams, it had only been hand stuff or one of them blowing the other. This time, however, Cas had had his mouth around him, Dean was laying back on the bed, with his knees bent, and then he felt something new. It was Cas’ finger, pressing against him, teasing at first, and then slowly he pushed inside Dean, causing a loud gasp to escape the hunter’s mouth. It had felt surprisingly good in the dream. He wondered if it would actually feel like that, he wondered how it would feel if Cas really did that to him, if he would squirm or moan out in pleasure. Then his thoughts wandered to something more. What if there was something more inside of him, what if there was more of Cas?
“I dunno, just like, the circumstances leading up to it and I guess you were gone longer than you’ve ever been before. I’m just saying, if you’re having any trouble dealing with anything, it’s understandable.”
Cas could tell that he was close, so fucking close, so he reached down between them, wrapping one hand around Dean’s leaking cock, giving him just that little push he needed to send him over the edge and coming between them, similar to what Cas had done earlier on that very table. The eventuality of Dean’s orgasm had him clenching down on Cas as he did so and then Cas wasn’t able to hold back either, spilling his load inside of Dean’s ass, as his sporadic movements continued as he rode out his orgasm.
“Okay, come on. I’m starving. Feels like I haven’t eaten in days,” Dean muttered out, finally turning back around, heading towards the kitchen, with both Cas and Miracle trailing not far behind.
“If only humans had created something that would help prevent bug bites in the first place…” Cas muttered out. “Would’ve been quite convenient…”
Cas just let him do it though. He knew that if they got too lost and it became too late in the day for them to get back before dark, he could just fly them out of there, that is if Dean let him. But he wasn’t really planning on giving Dean a choice if that happened. He was not about to spend the night in the woods with an unprepared Dean who would no doubt spend half the time complaining. And also there was a wendigo running around. They didn’t need to spend the night there with that roaming about.
they don't kill their victims right away, well, most of the time.. So, if I just go willingly, then it won't even hurt me."
“Cas… come on, man. Just cut me down.” Dean looked at him with pleading eyes before realizing that yes, he really was being serious and would leave Dean hanging here because he could and there was really no imminent threat to either of them if he did.
Dean felt a sharp tug on his ear then, it was Cas. He could feel his teeth sinking in lightly, as a whimper escaped him.
Cas had been silent for a while now. Dean assumed that that was all that he was going to say so he let the silence fall over them, thinking over what Cas had said. It took a few minutes for him to realize something that Cas had said… he drew some of the things he loved most in his life…
It was fairly quiet on the walk back, aside from the small discussion that they all had regarding what they’d need to tell the authorities about what happened. They decided to keep their stories similar to what was already assumed about the attacks since it’d make everyone more willing to believe it. They’d say that a bear got into their campsite or wherever they were at the time and in their escape, got lost in the woods without any gear. Eventually, they’d found other people and that’s when they managed to find their way back.
“C- Cas, I-” Dean stuttered out, completely surprised by the angel's sudden appearance in the room. “What the hell are you doing back?” he yelled out before he was actually able to contain himself.
He didn’t really feel the need to hide things in his room, he didn’t really have much of anything worth hiding from anyone, but there was one thing that he felt was too personal to keep out in the open. He wasn’t sure how Dean would feel if he found it and he was sure that Sam would have some questions about it if he saw it.
Lifting his head, bringing his eyes to meet the gaze of Dean’s that he knew were following his every move, Cas brought his head back to meet Dean’s skin in one last kiss, just above the waistband before placing several open-mouthed kisses over Dean’s clothed erection that had him muttering a quick ‘fuck’ and had him squirming beneath him in a way that not even he had dreamed of.
It was a night, just like any other. Rusty was bored. There were these weird second grade monster’s that had been visiting their home recently, but they didn’t like them. They wore these god-awful masks. Rusty joked with themself, thinking that they looked like mimes, but they liked to refer to them as clowns. They made him laugh, they were funny to watch, always coming up with these elaborate plans that were completely unnecessary.
Once Dean had been gazing at his lips, thinking about what they had done in his dream the previous night when he noticed a little smirk spread across them, then a moment later Cas’ eyes focused on him as if he knew what Dean was thinking about at that moment. But there was no way, that couldn’t happen.
I've edited most of this chapter fairly well, but I also really wanted to get it posted so I rushed it a bit and I'd apologize for it being a little long but like I have a feeling that nobody's gonna be complaining about that, especially when you get to the end and see what I've done. Anyway... ENJOY (I really did enjoy this chapter)
When Dean noticed Cas was still following close behind him, he turned around quickly, causing Cas to crash into him, not expecting him to stop walking so suddenly.
Just like that, all of the worry that had been bubbling inside him just moments ago, drained from his body, leaving him in a state of relief.
Dean should have said it back. Even in the past, even when he could convince himself it was because he was family, but he never did. He never once told Cas that he was loved. He could never get the words out, because if he did, he was scared of what they might mean, what he would have to admit they meant. He was scared that someone else might see what he was feeling and he was scared that he would be judged or rejected. Once he said those words, there would be no taking them back, they would be out there and there would be no denying it. But now all he feels is regret over this decision.
“Of fucking course they don’t come near you… you and your perfect angelic ass…” Dean muttered out, still angry about Cas’ fancy bug immunity.
No. He needed to stop that train of thought. That really wouldn’t do him any good. He needs to stop and clear his head and apparently sitting here with his own thoughts was not going to do much so, not feeling like sitting around the bunker any longer, Dean got up, heading towards the stairs to the bunker door. It was quite abrupt, causing him to startle Cas out of his book, who was sitting in one of the more comfy chairs a ways away from Dean.
Without warning, Dean pulled him into the tightest hug, not seeming to care if Castiel could breathe or not. He gripped him tight, his chin resting on the angel’s shoulder. It took Cas a moment to register what was happening and then when he finally did, he wrapped his arms around Dean as well. One hand found its way to the back of Dean’s neck, stroking it gently, trying to calm him as he felt a sob escape his body.
“Dean. is-” Cas’ words were ripped away from him, completely forgotten as Dean turned around, his face finally coming into view. His eyes were glassy and red, tear tracks on his cheeks. His bottom lip was quivering a little as he looked at Cas.
Castiel certainly seemed to snap back into reality quite quickly. Before Dean was even able to turn off his annoying phone or even take it from his pocket, Cas was fleeing the room and out of Dean’s sight.
“I met some of the other angels while you were gone. You did a good job, Jack. They were wonderful.”
When it dawned on Dean what Cas was saying, what he had never even let himself hope for, it was too late. He didn’t think Cas would say it, say those three words. He didn’t completely think that he would say those words, thought that maybe he’d leave it up to Dean to interpret so as not to scare him. But anyone could see that that’s how he felt after a speech like that. Speeches like that aren’t meant for platonic brotherly love, they’re meant for the love of your life, a soulmate. The one who you’ve seen every part of, the good and the bad, and you still love them, you love them even more because of all of that. That’s what Cas was telling him. Those three words, they weren’t needed to get the point across, but they were needed for Dean to hear, they were needed for Cas to feel free. They were needed because Dean would never hear them from that angel again.
“You have a family now, Dean. A real family that loves you for who you are, not for what we think you could do for us or what we want you to do for us. I- We love you. All of us.”
He waited there listening to the phone, feeling Cas’ eyes on him the whole time. He got up out of the chair, shuffling a few steps closer to Cas as he waited. He tried looking down at the ground so as not to make eye contact with the angel who was surely nervous about this. He had to be at least a little nervous, right? Dean for sure felt nervous. He hadn’t actually spoken to Claire since he called her to tell her what happened to Cas. Back then, he was hardly able to get the words out. He was a mess, just rambling on about some stupid shit because he wasn’t ready to talk about it but Claire, she knew. She knew something was wrong, she practically forced it out of him. Still, he hadn’t actually gotten to the words, he broke down before then. She guessed what had happened quite quickly after that, staying on the phone with Dean until he had calmed down. He knew she must’ve been quite hurt by it as well, yet she stayed there for Dean, maybe doing that one thing comforted her, being able to do one thing. He wasn’t sure, but after that call they hadn’t talked. Probably mainly because Dean wasn’t talking to anyone. He knew that call was one that he had to make, but after that, it was too hard, he knew he couldn’t again.
Dean didn’t know what exactly he was thanking Castiel for, maybe it was for bringing him back to reality and waking him up, maybe it was for not judging him for not being completely okay, maybe it was for the way he still made him smile when that was the last thing he felt like doing or, maybe it was for the way he so fiercely protected Dean from the things he feared most, even when he never asked. He wasn’t quite sure, but maybe it was a little of everything, plus a bit more.
Over in the corner of it all, Castiel saw Balthazar looking at him with a proud, knowing smile as he watched the commotion and the hoard of angels start to gather around Jack and Castiel.
Rusty could hear the gasp that came out of Cas at the unexpected contact, but Rusty wasn’t worried, they knew that they couldn’t truly hurt Cas.
He backed away until he was just around the corner, poking his head around, just to keep an eye on the dog until Dean opened the door. He was still sitting there happily wagging his tail.
Cas just let Dean guide him around the kitchen, not sure what else to do. He couldn’t seem to get anything right with this, he just kept messing up and he just wanted to be able to do this for Dean.
I'd just like to say if I never post again it's because I died because Jensen decided to break his silence and tweet. but maybe I'll come back as a ghost and write... maybe.
Dean glances at Cas, a proud smile on his face, before turning to Jack, “So, kid, what’ll it be? Sam’s boring eggs or something delicious?” Dean smirks looking at Sam, thinking that he’d won.
“I wouldn’t be upset if you did,” Cas quickly added, not wanting Dean to think he would be angry about something like that.
A loud knock on the door startled them both. They broke away quickly, but not before Sam had barged in, seeing the state of the two of them. His mouth was hanging open, the words he was about to speak, forgotten.
“It’s nothing, Cas!” He snapped out a little too harshly. Immediately, regret flashed across his face, not meaning to snap at Cas, but he just didn’t want to talk about it, he didn’t want Cas to feel bad or worry about how bad off he had been without him.
“Why don’t you just blow out the candles already then. You don’t have to make a wish. Then we can eat.”
This must’ve been going on for a few minutes because Dean was feeling out of breath now and was getting even more confused by the second.
“I’d say see you in hell… but we both know you’re the only one going there,” Bobby smirked at him. This would be the last time that John saw either Bobby or Mary’s faces.
Dean got up from the bed, walking over to Cas. He placed a finger under Cas’ chin, tilting his head back up so he could look him in the eye. “I’d love that. Thanks, Cas.”
“Dude, what the he-” Dean started, but quietened when he managed to get a look at the expression on Cas' face. “What’s wrong?”
Another few days had gone by and Dean was just returning from a quick beer run. Cas must’ve heard him open the bunker door because as he was setting the beer down on the map table he saw Cas appear from the hallway. It was the first time he had actually seen him that day.
He arrived in his room, not bothering to close the door, knowing that Cas was following a few meters behind. He kept his head down and his back turned to the door. He could feel eyes boring into the back of his neck as he made his way over to his desk, opening the middle drawer and taking a deep breath before reaching down and pulling out the two sketchbooks. Holding onto them tightly, his knuckles turning white, he walked towards Cas, keeping his eyes fixed on the sketchbooks in his hands as he went. He did
Once he had managed to mostly calm down, he looked up at Cas, feeling his cheeks flush with embarrassment. Cas only looked innocently back at Dean.
Rusty couldn’t have that, they couldn’t let these clowns take Dean away just when they had finally seen him. Maybe they were clowns after all… maybe they were just pretending all along, just working to conspire against Rusty. Rusty wouldn’t let them take Dean away, not now, not ever. Rusty had to save Dean from them, but they didn’t know what they could do to save Dean. Rusty couldn’t move, he was stuck to this stupid post. All Rusty could do was stay here and watch as the clowns attacked the brothers, tried to kill them.
Cas wasted no time after that, slowly pushing himself inside Dean, pausing once the tip was in just to give Dean time to adjust, this was, afterall, much bigger than just a few fingers could prepare him for.
Cas could feel his heart breaking inside. He never knew… he didn’t know things had been this bad for Dean, that he felt so broken, so undeserving of anything remotely good, remotely close to being loved.
Castiel also knew that heaven could use every last angel it could find, but he didn’t want to put it in harm's way again because he made another mistake, because he chose someone who could cause an even greater problem than before, someone who could do so much harm. He had to be careful, after all, the road to hell is paved with good intentions, and that seemed to be his life. Always with good intentions and most of the time, something went wrong because of it or because he was too blind to see other outcomes.
Mary wasn’t the only one surprised by this revelation it seemed, as Bobby had now fully let go of Cas, his body turning towards John, his eyes narrowing as he did so.
Everything seemed to fall into place now as Jack kept thinking about it. The fights they had that seemed to explode, the way that Cas wouldn’t just stop caring about Dean even when that happened, how he always came back. Cas was always so understanding with Dean, always putting him before himself, even when he shouldn’t have. That’s what he did until he died. Cas died not knowing how Dean felt, he died before Dean had the chance to say anything. All those years that they had known one another, they kept it quiet, neither one saying how they truly felt, always dancing around it.
“We were all sitting by the campfire. It was a nice night, the sky was completely clear, not a cloud in sight. And I remember how quiet it was out there... the only sound the crackling of the fire. I remember thinking it was odd though because I didn’t hear any animals nearby. We went camping out there every year and it’d never been so quiet before. I guess at some point I fell asleep and when I woke up, it was to the sounds of my mother screaming in the distance.”
close. Why was he so close? Gosh, his lips were so close, just an inch away. If he just moved just a bit closer-
They were in their own little bubble until Jack had disturbed them. It was almost as if Mary had woken up from a dream when that happened, remembering her life, her whole life, not just the good parts, but the bad parts too. She had almost forgotten them while being here. It was a bit confusing at first, but she managed. She was doing quite well with it all and that’s what Jack told Cas when he asked about her.
“Okay I uh, I had an idea... about heaven. We can talk more about it when we all get back and get everyone settled and caught up on what’s going on. We should tell the others that it’s time for them to come home.”
He started to find that it didn’t even matter what he brought him or how much he loved the food, he’d still hardly touch it. Sam even went as far as to bring him pie once, and still, Dean had only taken a few small bites, before it was forgotten.
“Cas, look out,” Dean rushed out, shooting one hand out to grab him by the wrist and pull him back. Cas stumbled a little from the change of direction, losing his footing, but thankfully, Dean was there to catch him before he was able to not so gracefully fall to the floor.
It took him a minute or two before he managed to find the right area and there, just like he expected, was Cas crouching down and looking at a furry brown and white guinea pig with wide eyes.
Cas’ hand slid down off Dean’s arm, coming to rest on his knee as Dean carefully opened the box. There was a bit of tissue paper inside, hiding whatever was wrapped inside of it.
Privacy, to say the least, wasn’t the easiest thing to come by for Dean and Cas. This is why Dean tried looking for a cabin that they could rent for a week or two, something away, where it could just be the two of them, with no disturbances.
The next morning was awkward, to say the least, the events from the night before still fresh in both of their minds. Dean tried his best to avoid eye contact with Cas from the moment he woke up, which, was a little difficult since he had felt the weight of the other’s gaze since consciousness took over. Once he was awake enough to move, he muttered a quick “G’morning” to Cas before going over to his bag to grab what he needed and then headed straight to the bathroom.
“Yeah,” Cas agreed, glancing over at Dean for a moment. “It was personal, it was mine. Sharing it would’ve been like sharing a piece of myself with the world, one that I wasn’t ready to share. Even when I was with you or Sam, I’d wait till I was alone or until you were asleep to pull it out.”
Quickly, he reached for a few napkins and walked around the table, but Cas stopped him with one hand, pressed against his chest. Just then Dean noticed how stiff the angel was sitting there, almost as if someone had shoved a stick up his ass.
Dean just watched him from the bed, eyes glued to the other’s chest, watching him fumble with his belt, before unzipping his pants and shoving everything down to his ankles, and removing the last of his clothing, his dick bouncing as he moved.
Eventually, Cas continued. “Even after I got my grace back I continued, it was basically a habit by then. I never did it when anyone was around though, and I always made sure to keep the book hidden. I don’t know why… but it was just…”
“Dean, slow down, it’s okay,” Sam said in a gentle voice, as if he was afraid at any moment Dean would turn around and run and never come back.
Cas knew there probably weren’t many there who would even want to help him, but he had to try, he had to try for Dean.
It was Jack, slowly emerging from his room, glancing at Sam with soft eyes as he noticed him standing in the doorway. He walked closer.
“Hold on, okay! I never hit Sam, I don’t know what you heard, but I never laid a hand on that boy at least.”
It was then that Sam walked over to Dean and pulled him into a hug. Dean didn’t know it, but that’s exactly what he needed. He just needed to feel like everything might be okay again, he needed to feel something that wasn’t this emptiness and for a few minutes he did. He felt loved and he felt like a weight had been lifted from his shoulders.
He wasn’t entirely sure where Cas was at that moment, but he was pretty sure he had wanted to call Jack to check up on him, so Dean assumed he was off somewhere doing that.
When they were ready, all aware that they couldn’t really know for sure what would happen, they all called out together, all at once. They yelled and screamed and shrieked until their throats were hoarse, and even then they kept on going, they weren’t sure how long it would take, as this plan wasn’t very specific, so they had decided on different groups taking breaks at different times.
Slowly, the amount of noise they had been making grew as their numbers increased. They tried to be as quiet as possible, trying not to all be calling out or talking at once, but still, they weren’t very subtle. They weren’t sure when exactly the Empty would show itself to them because of this, but they had to be on high alert the whole time.
Dean couldn’t get that kiss out of this head the whole time they were washing the dishes, every little bump they made into each other, made him blush. He could hardly look Cas in the eyes the whole time.
“Dean I need to hear you say it, I need to hear that this is okay with you,” Cas said, leaning down to press a kiss to his shoulder this time.
did Cas even manage to wake up in the Empty this time? He hadn’t thought to ask before, but now that he was thinking it over, he remembered that when angels or demons died, they went into an eternal sleep, one that he has heard is very unpleasant.
The loud sound of the doors of the barn crashing open startled everyone. Sam whipped around, alarmed, probably thinking that more clowns had shown up, that it wasn’t over, but it wasn’t a clown, or at least, the kinds of clowns that they had just killed. It was Castiel. He was here. Maybe he had heard Rusty’s prayers.
Honestly, he hadn’t really gone too far from where he’d been standing before, but it was far enough that if he looked back, he would no longer be able to see Cas through the thick forest.
Dean reluctantly removed his mouth from Cas’ cock, but not without placing a small kiss to the tip of it, while looking directly into Cas’ lust filled eyes.
Dean took a sharp intake of breath at the sight, here was an angel at the foot of his bed, stroking himself, getting ready to fuck him. Dean’s brain didn’t know how to process this information, just in the span of a day, they had made out twice, and now Cas was going to be inside of him. Yesterday, if someone told him this, he would’ve called them crazy, yet here he was, laying naked in his bed, waiting for his angel.
Cas just ignored him, grabbing his collar tightly and hauling him up and then in a blink of an eye, they weren’t in heaven anymore.
“Yes, well, it may be difficult to start waking the others up. It took me hours just to get to you, but hopefully, some of the others will be willing to help, if not for my benefit, then maybe at least for the chance to be sent back.”
His mind wandered back to Dean bent over again, imagining this time that Dean was bent over because of him,
With that, the conversation was over, for now at least, but neither one could stop the questions that were racing around their heads. There were so many things each wanted to say, to ask, but couldn’t. Not tonight. Both of them stayed silent for the rest of the night, lost in their own heads, in words unspoken. Both of them left to wonder about what the answers might be, if it could be what they hoped or something completely different.
One of Dean’s hands wound their way into Cas’ hair, pulling. He didn’t even mean to, but the sound Cas made, the moan followed by the vibrations that surrounded Dean’s dick made him do it again. He tugged harder this time, causing a louder sound to erupt from Cas’ throat. He had no idea Cas would be into that, but now he would never forget.
Hello, everyone! I hope everyone enjoyed the last chapter! Que the rest of the breakout! Let’s get Cas back to his hunter!
“I have a bit of a confession to make… When Jack came to see me, he told me a few things that I didn’t mention. He might have told me what happened between you and Dean before you died, and a few other things that Sam had recently told him…”
The way Cas healed him amazed Dean. It wasn’t one specific thing about it that really got him, it was a series of things. The absolute focus that seemed to take over him for those few seconds, the way that his touch was always so gentle, even when his grip was firm, the warmth of his skin on his own and the way that warmth only increased when the healing began. But it wasn’t just that, it was also the way that Cas just did it, without Dean even asking, sometimes even when he told him not to. Cas still did it, even when sometimes, maybe he shouldn’t have because it caused no benefit for himself. The act itself was selfless, pure even. Dean could feel it each time it happened. He could
“It’s not foolish. If this is what keeps them with you, if that gives you even the smallest comfort, then it’s not foolish. Holding onto a piece on someone we lost doesn’t make us weak, it reminds us of how much we loved them and how important they were.”
Dean’s voice sounded far away, like he was reliving it, like he was stuck inside the memory, so far away from Cas. He needed to bring him back, he didn’t want him reliving that. Cas moved his hand that had still been on Dean’s knee, moved it down so it could grab hold of Dean’s hand. It was tentative at first, but then he held on tight, wrapping Dean’s hand in his own. The touch startled Dean out of his thoughts, his gaze darting down to where their hands were joined. Cas thought he was going to pull away, that maybe he went too far, but then a fond smile came to Dean’s face and he tightened his grip around Cas as well.
UPDATE: I’m not gonna be posting this weekend because school is kicking my ass with the end of the semester. I was hoping I’d be able to finish the next chapter but that ended up not happening so I’ll be updating on March 20 or 21. Sorry!!
“Did, uh… you wouldn’t happen to know what happened to the sink, would you? I mean, I’m pretty sure it wasn’t like that when we got here,” he choked out with a laugh.
Here they were, rutting against one another like teenagers, and Dean was trying his best to keep himself together, he didn’t want this to be over so soon.
Before Dean could respond, Cas was pushing his back down so his chest was pressed against the table. Then he felt one of Cas’ hands trail their way down Dean’s back and he ground his hips against Dean’s ass once, causing him to shudder as his dick brushed up against his rim.
“You know, Sammy you could make those giant trees you call legs useful,” he joked, thinking it was only Sam who walked in. When he got no response, and also had no luck in that cupboard, he closed it and turned around. The sight he was greeted with was not Sam though.
“You,” Cas stated simply, as if it were obvious, stopping Dean from the slow pace he had set. “It was your voice. I know, maybe it sounds crazy, but it’s really not. I just- over and over again, that’s what I heard. It was just you calling my name, pleading my name, invading my sleep until I awoke. It was very persistent.”
They just stand there, holding one another for what felt like hours. Both of them finding comfort in the touch of the other.
“But I think we can fix that… if you’d like to? And I also think there’s still more you should know. That both of you should know.”
“You hurt Dean and you hurt Sam. Dean’s whole life… it was corrupted by your touch, by the things you said, the things you did to him. You will
He kept walking, every sense on high alert, ready to catch any sign from Dean, no matter how small. Cas followed the symbols Dean had been drawing, making it to the fourth one, but then he noticed they just stopped. He should’ve had two more to go, but there were no more in sight. That’s when the panic begun to set in, attempting to take over as his eyes frantically searched through the thick trees.
Some, he was sure, didn’t matter too much, but there were others too, things he was curious about, things that seemed to have huge gaps. Things like how
Dean’s love of old Western movies was no secret. That whole case Dean was so excited, so full of joy, he was like a kid on Christmas morning, and Cas found it endearing.
“Why’d you draw me?” Dean heard Castiel’s breath hitch as soon as the words left his mouth and Dean froze. That was not at all what he had wanted to say, yet it was too late now because he knew that the angel had heard him. Frantically trying to make the situation not any worse, he started speaking again. “I mean I know it wasn’t just me but- I just- fuck,” he cursed under his breath.
Dean froze once again, but luckily there was no food in his mouth as he’d just swallowed the last bite of his sandwich.
“Part of the reason why I didn’t fight him was because I knew I probably deserved it for whatever reason, but it wasn’t just that... It was also to protect Sam, better me than Sammy. I couldn’t let him hurt Sam, couldn’t let him do that to him too. Sam was my responsibility to protect. I had to protect him from that, I had to protect him from
Breaking from his lips for only a few seconds, Castiel lined himself back up and pushed himself back inside Dean, a soft groan escaping from his lips as he did so because how the hell could something feel this good. He really hoped that this would be happening again. And again. And again. Because having Dean in his arms, holding him, being able to have him so close in such an intimate way was something he was never going to not want.
. It was Dean. The smile on his face faltered when he heard him. There was something so broken and raw to that little prayer, but Jack also felt something else. He felt a warmth inside it, very deep down, but it was there.
After hanging up the phone, Dean closed his still opened laptop before standing up abruptly, getting Cas’ attention.
“I didn’t fight my way out of the empty and spend weeks just wishing I could be there with you, for you to just act like an idiot and not even see me.”
Thanks for reading and thank you to anyone who's left a kudos or a comment! Feel free to yell at me there, I don't mind.
“Sounds like a good idea. I’m sure she’d be happy to see you too. I’ll drop by later to see her. Maybe let me talk to her about John, okay?”
After they had beaten Chuck, they saved everyone and Sam got Eileen back, but then Jack had left them. It seemed that they couldn’t catch a break. Just when they seem to get a win, something happens, they lose someone. He knows that Jack wasn’t dead, that he was still alive and he was at peace, but it still hurt him, he couldn’t help but feel like he had lost a son because in a way he had. Jack had chosen to leave them, he thought that it would be for the best, but Sam still misses him.
“Okay nevermind, just forget it. Could you just like, I don’t know stop staring at me or something?”
The small touches and glances at each other, the way they make breakfast together most mornings as they bump into each other in the kitchen, or the way one of them lights up when the other walks into a room. The inside jokes that have and the way they’ll just start laughing for seemingly no apparent reason, an inside joke probably. They’re in love, they’re happy, and they’re free to make their own choices and live the lives that they want.
The kiss didn’t leave Dean’s mind for the rest of the day, and to make matters worse, when he and Cas finally made their way into the den to join Sam and Jack, the only spots that were available were on the small couch, so they had to sit there together. The only other option would be to sit on the floor, but it was cold and very uncomfortable, so Dean decided against it.
“It’s fine, I’ve survived with less,” Dean spoke gruffly as he slowly sat up, stretching his arms out as he did so. “So, what do you wanna do first?”
For the rest of the case, that dream was all he could think about. It was all Cas, everything he thought about somehow related to Cas and worked its way back to that dream. He couldn’t get the angel out of his head. It’s all he could think about.
Jack must have stopped walking because now Cas was approaching him, his eyebrows furrowed as he placed a hand on Jack’s shoulder.
Slowly, Castiel’s hands moved further and further down Dean’s body, until they were cupping his ass and then, with what seemed like no effort at all, Cas was picking Dean up. Dean’s legs wrapped around Castiel’s hips almost immediately, searching for something to latch onto and god, he hadn’t thought about the implications of doing such a thing because that contact had them both moaning into the other’s mouth at the pressure.
Castiel couldn’t imagine the pain they were causing and he was beginning to wonder why it hadn’t given in yet, how it had held on for this long and then he saw white.
Dean was groggy when he woke up, but he was also completely aware of what was going on. His dad, the insults, the beating, Cas, all of it. He was almost afraid to wake up, partly because what if Cas wasn’t really there, but also partly because what if he really was.
He shut his eyes quickly, pretending to be asleep. A few moments passed of silence and then he heard a few footsteps coming closer and then felt the right side of his bed sink down a little.
Once, the mess had been dealt with, Dean suggested that Sam go show Jack where they set up the cage for the bunny, along with some toys, rabbit food and anything else that it might need. It was in it’s own separate room, so Jack could let it roam free in the room whenever he wanted, without having to worry about it escaping and getting into something it shouldn’t or getting lost in the bunker.
“Cas,” Bobby warned, placing an arm around the angel to pull him away from John who was still crumpled on the ground in pain.
“You know what? I could yell at you till I’m blue in the face but none of that would matter if you had no intentions of fixing things. So… do you intend to make it up to him?”
He missed Cas’ hugs, the warmth he felt having his body pressed against his, arms holding him tight. The last time he got to feel this warmth was in purgatory, that was the last time he had gotten to hold his angel. They had held each other so tightly then, both thinking they might not see the other again. With the way things were left between them, the thought of not being about to make things right was unbearable.
He was about to call out to Dean to let him know that he was done when something on the screen caught his eye. He knew he shouldn’t snoop, but Dean did give him his phone after all so he didn’t think Dean would mind him seeing something out in the open. It’s not like he was searching his phone for private things.
Cas continued staring into the little glass cage. “Do you ever wonder what it’s like to be trapped inside a tiny cage your whole life with giant ape-like creatures staring down at you, poking at the glass?”
Cas took a step back then, finally noticing something different about Jack. He was radiating power, he could feel it even a few steps away. This was definitely not normal, he was getting a bit concerned. What had happened while he was gone?
Dean choked out a noise of surprise, as he was reminded of where Cas’ hand was placed on him. All Dean could do was lay there and watch as this angel knelt above him, with one hand disappearing behind his back. He saw the waves of pleasure on Cas’ face as he stretched himself out on his own.
“Of course I did. How could I not?” Cas’s voice was quiet, sad even. He had noticed it all his first morning back, he’d probably been too distracted and too happy to be back at first to notice it all.
him, his chest laying on a table as his own hands were grasping onto his hips, able to feel the textured material beneath his fingers as Dean ground back against his own clothed erection. At that thought, a loud moan managed to slip past Castiel’s lips, one that he had failed to control.
He glanced up at Sam and noticed him wipe away a few tears of his own. Dean wasn’t sure what he expected to see on Sam’s face when he looked up, but he was surprised by the look of understanding and the lack of surprise.
Cas just raised a brow at Dean, clearly questioning that last point, but not verbalizing his disagreement.
“Your wings, Cas. Let’s call it one last gift, to you and all the others. You all deserve to be free as well, to be able to fly, the way you were meant to.” Jack was beaming at Cas as he spoke.
The room was quiet and dark when Dean woke. His eyes were fairly well adjusted to the darkness so it wasn’t hard for him to glance over to the chair beside his bed and see that Cas was still sitting there, just like how he left him except for that now, his eyes were closed and his head was now tilted to the side a little. He wasn’t sleeping, Dean knew that, he was probably just thinking or listening to angel radio, but he looked almost as if he was sleeping. Another thing that Dean noticed was that the sketchbooks Cas had been clinging onto so tightly the night before were now gone. Where? Dean didn’t know. He just knew Cas must’ve hidden them somewhere.
Rusty thought, Rusty couldn’t stand it, they were so close, yet so far away. He was so close to achieving his life’s dream, but it was snatched away, or so he thought...
Seeing Cas like this, riding his own fingers, it was tearing Dean apart. Dean hadn’t been touching himself while this was happening, Cas had said no touching, and Dean was pretty sure that applied to both Cas and himself. Dean couldn’t take it any longer, he needed to feel him right now.
“He started to talk about me, then... about… about how- how he saw me. I didn’t- I never saw myself in that way… I never saw myself to be driven by… by love.”
“It went well,” Cas replied simply, sitting down on the opposite side of the table of Dean and placing his phone in front of him.
He walked over to the other side of the room, next to Dean’s desk. He looked on top of it and nothing. Then, he opened up the drawers one at a time. He really wasn’t sure if Dean would want him going through his desk, but Dean had told him to go look and it wasn’t like Cas hadn’t poked around in his room before when Dean was actually there. He didn’t seem to mind much, at least not anymore… Maybe he did at first, but Cas couldn’t really remember.
Fuck. There it was. His angel's voice, that voice that he missed so much, that voice that he needed to hear. He needed that voice to tell him that everything would be alright, that he would be okay, that it wasn’t forever, but Dean knew that wouldn’t happen. That it couldn’t happen, Cas was gone
Dean knew well enough by now how well that would go. Sam would stare at him, asking questions here and there, wanting to know if Dean was “fine,” and Dean would no doubt lie through his teeth but it wouldn’t matter because they’d both
Wanting to give them a bit of privacy Dean clasped a hand in Cas’ shoulder as he spoke. “I’m gonna go grab something to eat, let me know when you’re done, okay?”
saw the hunter wearing - the image of that red lace flashing across his mind once again.  He especially couldn’t ask him in front of Sam of all people.
“Even if I weren’t an angel I’d be able to see Dean is not physically healthy. We both know he’s never been the epitome of health, but now- Sam I know how bad it is or was…”
Dean took his time working his way up to Cas’ mouth. When he did, their lips locked together once more, with Cas biting gently, as he tugged at the hem of Dean’s shirt, lifting it up over his head. Their lips parted for only a moment and soon they were pressed together once more.
He was walking past Dean’s door when he heard a noise. He halted his steps, pausing near the door, just listening for a moment to make sure nothing was wrong. Then he heard the noise again, it was a whimper of sorts. He thought Dean must have been having a nightmare.
We’re gonna take a little step back from Dean for a little bit I think, maybe get some other people in here. Could be fun, could be horrible, only one way to find out! Enjoy!
Once they had returned to the bunker, the two of them unloaded the Impala and put everything away. Between the two of them, they only had to make three trips, which all-in-all wasn’t too bad.
“Ahh I see, yeah pineapples are a bitch to cut up,” Dean paused for a second, assessing the situation and thinking about all the food Cas had planned to prepare. “Well how about we prepare most of the fruit first, before we move onto the cooking?”
Closer and closer, Castiel walked, until he was on the other side of the bed and able to see Dean’s face. His eyes were closed, he was asleep, but he could also see the tears. He could see them slowly sliding down his face and collecting on his pillowcase, creating a dark, damp spot.
But before that, and maybe a little bit afterwards, words needed to be spoken and Dean was more than ready to say them. It had been one of the only things he had been able to think about these past few weeks. Dean needed to tell Cas, he needed to tell him everything before it was too late, before something happened that tore him away from the angel again.
“Kinda… I just- there’s just still so many things I don’t understand,” Dean let out a frustrated groan.
Dean’s room was relatively clean, aside from the pile of laundry on his bed that he assumed was clean and a few other belongings scattered about.
Sam had managed to kill the last of the clowns on his own as Rusty held Dean up. It was the least he could do. Sam came over to Dean then, a look of relief on his face as the clowns were all dead. He must not have realized what had happened to Dean yet, that he had been nailed by Rusty. The moment he did, horror washed over his face, he didn’t want to let Dean die, he couldn’t, but Dean had given up, he didn’t care anymore, he just wanted Sam to let him go.
With a quick kiss to Dean’s lips, Cas departed from on top of him altogether, standing up fully. He made quick work of discarding the rest of their clothes but slowed when it came to Dean’s panties, just standing there, appreciating the view of the hunter spread out before him, his lip coming between his teeth as he did so.
Once Cas was done slicking Dean up, which he sure took his damn time with, he shifted so he was right above the other man. Dean’s eyes had opened once more, wanting to look Cas in the eyes for this, he wanted to see him, he didn’t want to miss any part of this.
"Dude! Get out of my ass!” The hunter began to yell at, but just then he noticed that he had knocked over his beer, which landed right in the other man's lap. With wide eyes, he picked it up so that the liquid would stop flowing, but it almost didn’t matter by then. The damage had already been done, as he could clearly see that Cas' clothes were now covered in beer.
“An eight-year-old boy. Reports say he was found huddled around the campfire, not a scratch on him.”
“Are you serious? You didn’t raise me. I raised myself. And Sam. You weren’t even there most of the time!”
Bending over, he grabbed the towel and that’s when he heard a noise. One that he hadn’t heard in what felt like forever. He froze for a mere moment wondering why the hell that sound was there and that maybe he imagined it. That was until he heard a shaky intake of breath that had him dropping the towel, bolting upright, and turning around, using the sweatpants to hide the only article of clothing he was wearing. An article that had most definitely been seen by the angel that had suddenly appeared in the room, judging by the flushed colour of his cheeks, a shade, which he might add, that was extremely similar to the pink of the panties that he was currently wearing.
Cas started kissing his way down Dean’s neck, making his way slowly across his chest, then his chin bumped Dean’s erection through his sweatpants. Dean couldn’t hold in the gasp he made.
As he and Jack spent more time together, planning extensively, and then finally starting with the rebuilding or “remodelling” as some had liked to call it, his feelings about the situation seemed to ease, but not disappear completely.
“Yeah, don’t worry about it. It’s been a while since I’ve been out, I could check it out myself.” Dean brought the phone away from his mouth once again, looking up at Cas. “What do ya say, Cas? Up for a little trip?”
When Jack found him, he was certainly not doing well. He was living on the streets, somewhere in Delaware, a bottle in hand, drinking the rest of his life away.
He felt a weight against his back as Cas collapsed against him for a few moments before he heard a noise. He was certain this time he had heard something.
Dean tried his best to be cautious when Cas was around, not wanting to say the wrong thing, or do the wrong thing, or literally do anything. Maybe he was avoiding him a little.
His hands held in so tight, Dean was sure there would be bruises later on, but he couldn’t care less. He just needed Cas, needed everything he would give him.
Cas must’ve seen one of them because he went out to reach for something on the other side of the aisle, but apparently, he hadn’t been paying full attention to his surroundings. Luckily, Dean had, as he noticed two small girls were barrelling down the aisle, giggling about something and heading straight for Cas. Dean acted quickly.
The burnt bacon had mostly cooled while they were prepping the fruit, so Dean was able to scoop it out and toss it in the trash. He instructed Cas on what to do and got him to place the slices of bacon in the pan as it was heating back up.
Jack offered Cas a small nod as he left. Once Cas was alone, his mind couldn’t help but wander to the night he spent with Dean, the night he told him everything.
Rusty was brought back to reality once he heard another noise. It was the clowns. They were back. The clowns did not look happy, not one bit. Rusty started to worry.
“I-I’m not good for you, Cas,” he breathed out. “I’m not good for any of you. I’ll let you down, I’ll let you all down. It’s just what I do, I let down the people I love. Then they get hurt and it’s my fault.”
Since they were both completely unclothed, Castiel wasted no time. He pulled Dean down from the table, so that he was on his feet in front of Cas and then turned him around, bending him over. His chest and face were now flat on the table and his ass sticking out in the air, ready for Cas, just waiting.
They didn’t talk about it, didn’t even try to mention it without actually saying it. Neither of them was prepared to have that conversation, and they probably never would be.
Cas’ response was simple. He had every intention of holding Dean to this agreement and he was pleased that he had managed to agree in the first place.
“I, uh, I don’t think it was intentional or that you were consciously aware of it… It just- Okay, maybe I should just start over,” Cas paused for a minute, gathering his thoughts before he spoke once again. “I was asleep, just like before, just like all the others, but then something... a sound pulled me out of it. It woke me up.”
Dean let go of Cas’ wrist, scooting over even more to the left side of the bed, making room for Cas to sit down fully on the bed now.
That’s not to say that he never actually talked to Cas during this time or spent any time with him because he did. Cas would occasionally join Dean in his
He knew that Jody was concerned about him and in all honesty, he had been expecting her to call ever since they gave the news to Claire about Cas’s resurrection, yet again.
I just had to slip a little bit of dad Sam in there, I love the dad moments that we get with Jack from all of them, so this’ll have to satisfy me for now.
It was because he missed his angel, he needed him back, he needed him close. But alas, he knew, that this was as close as he could get. He couldn’t have more than this. Just this small comfort, that’s all he needed, it was enough to get him through the day, knowing that by the end of it when he slept, his angel would watch over him.
At this point, Cas must’ve had enough of Dean’s shit that he was now doing completely on purpose because when Dean had turned back around, Cas was standing impossibly close to him, staring him directly in the eyes. This new proximity startled Dean, resulting in him taking a few steps back which were matched by Castiel until Dean’s back had hit the wall beside the stairs, with Castiel’s hands finding their way to his shirt, pushing him back just a bit more and keeping him from escaping.
He was so close and then there was a light knock on the bathroom door, a voice coming through, right as he was on the edge.
“Hey, Cas?” Dean asked as he reached out a hand to stop Cas from getting up. Looking back at Dean, his eyebrows knitted together, he was about to ask why when Dean spoke first.
Castiel also made sure that he took this chance to apologize to certain siblings that had been hurt by his actions in the past, whether it was directly or indirectly. He may have been doing what he was told at the time or doing what he believed right, but he knew that either way, many of his brothers and sisters had suffered because of that.
The focus shouldn’t be on Dean and his stupid feelings, although he really was alright now that Cas was back, the focus should be on Castiel. This was the longest he’d ever been dead before coming back, that must take a toll on anyone, whether they’re an angel or not.
But on a more happy note, I hope everyone enjoyed the wedding yesterday. I really would've updated yesterday but somehow I just kept ending up on Twitter and becoming consumed by the wedding which was beautiful by the way and the PIE oh damn that was good.
All sensible thoughts were slowly fading away until he was left with only one thing. A strong sense of desire. Damn, he really,
Dean also had this interesting obsession with anything to do with the old west, specifically old western movies, the ones with cowboys.
Cas gave Dean’s bare arms a disapproving look then and Dean decided to give in, even if he didn’t want to head back to the bunker just yet.
Cas must’ve noticed the look of panic on his face because he sat up beside Dean to place a gentle kiss on Dean’s lips.
A loud sound, combined with a sudden loss of balance broke Castiel from his thoughts and also his sightline to Dean and his interesting new panties that had now begun to take over Cas’s mind.
After that funny thought, the realization started to occur, followed by panic. If Cas had only acted like this three specific times that Dean could recall… and one of those times he knew the exact reason for it…
“Yea- Yes. Everything is fine.” He said, coughing slightly, still shifting in the chair and now adjusting the leg of his pants..
“I would if you both would just be quiet,” Dean argued, deciding it was worth it to sacrifice one of his pillows by throwing it in Cas’ direction. Even half-asleep, his aim was pretty damn near perfect, and, if Cas wasn’t a fucking angel with perfect reflexes, it would’ve hit him square in the face, but instead, Cas just caught it like the perfect son of a bitch he is. Dean just sighed, giving up and rolling back over.
Cas stopped in his tracks, his eyes going wide at the sound of Dean’s voice, clearly not expecting him to be awake right now.
With that, Castiel was just left to sit there on the floor of his room, a total mess, wondering what the hell had just happened.
Dean took the short trip down the kitchen steps, a smile light on his face, as he slowly walked over to the angel, who was still standing near the stove.
“Sam, I-” he paused, trying to hold himself together, he didn’t want to lose himself, not right now, not with Sam right there.
They came to an agreement, binding it with a spell so neither would be able to go back on their word. Sure, Jack probably could have broken it without penalty because of his power, but he didn’t really want to risk it and try, he also didn’t see any reason why he should go back on his word.
“Fuck-” Dean gasped loudly. This feeling was new, it wasn’t unpleasant, but it was foregin. His body didn’t know how to react to it.
“Cas…?” Dean asked this time, his voice becoming more serious, losing the humour that had filled it previously. “What’s wrong?”
As Dean felt himself losing control, he still didn’t miss the way that Cas was already so far gone, how he’d already looked that way for a few minutes now. His legs were shaking, only just barely holding himself up and he could tell that Cas was doing everything he could to keep himself standing, using the wall as a support, practically doing all the work for him.
Cas shifted on the bed, bringing his right leg up onto it, keeping his knee bent as he scooted ever so slightly closer to Dean, his leg now brushing against Dean.
He pressed the answer button, still unsure about what was going to greet him on the other end of the line.
“Yeah, everything's uh, pretty great actually,” Dean spoke, a warm smile creeping onto his face as he glanced over at Cas who was standing only about two feet away.
He was just about to pick it up when another something caught his eye. A flash of red fabric caught his attention, and a sense of familiarity washed over him. Almost instantly, Cas realized what he was looking at. It was that pair of red lace panties that Cas had seen Dean wearing about a week ago and now he was getting a much better view of them.
It seemed like Dean didn’t need to know what exactly to do here though because Cas knew what he wanted, and he was going to take it, he was going to take control of the situation and Dean was all for it.
Dean froze halfway through that sentence. The memory resurfacing of the last time that he saw Cas act the way he was in this moment. The words were caught on his tongue, destined to remain there, to forever be stuck. This is because the last time he had seen Cas act like this, it had been in his room only a few days prior. That whole panties fiasco that Dean really never wanted to relive. And then it dawned on him. He had seen that look on Cas’s face once before that day as well. It was weeks ago in fact. That day Cas had run into a fucking chair in the library. That was a day to remember because Cas never did that.
“God I’m glad you guys finally figured your mutual pining shit out, but really? You couldn’t have, oh I don’t know, gone into your room, Dean?”
isn’t the time, that thing could be back at any moment and I don’t really wanna be stuck up here when that happens.”
Every so often, Dean heard the rustling of the bushes from the angel, something which may or may not have had him jump into alert mode the first few times. He wouldn’t ever admit it, but maybe Cas did have a point. He was still getting used to being back on the job. Somehow, over the course of the past few months, his reflexes had slowed, ever so slightly, his strength had weakened, and his tolerance for eerie silence had all but disappeared, leaving him with nothing but the crawl under his skin at the sound of anything that broke the dead silence of the forest.
