Sherlock blinked again. The off switch in the palace sputtered a second time, flickering on and off, like a bad connection or a lightbulb that was on its last legs. "Oh," he fumbled, and damn it, he had never hated sounding stupid more than he had right in that very moment.. "Like
"Sometimes, you need to. Sherlock, the other day, you said that Mary... conferred a value onto your life, or something like that, when she saved it, and-- no." It was hard to swallow, but he still forced himself to meet Sherlock's eyes or at least watch his face, because this was
John sat back himself; his head was spinning. No Janine. No Irene. No beautiful, clever, strong-willed dominatrix with sharp eyeliner and red lips that would whip Sherlock across the face and make him beg for mercy right there on the desk. Twice.
He's heard it all before, all of these useless, well-meaning platitudes. Sitting here mute and useless ten months after the fact isn't because he is crazy or a freak or abnormal, it is an understandable
"John," he sighed. He turned to face John head on, squeezing a hand over his face, drawn up to his full height, and breathed in a long, preparatory breath. "Milgram is not real."
He sits in his armchair, and plays quietly enough that no one can hear him. His posture is dreadful, and his left arm appears to be actually trying to kill him. His fingertips wear in new callouses until they are sore as he plucks through a notebook full of new compositions, gently and inexpertly, the strings complaining after so long left unattended. He's going to need to buy a new bow.
But Francis, once again, only answers by being even more unimpressed than before. He traces a thumb up and down the side of his glass, looking at Sherlock in a way that is very difficult to define. "Then you don't need to ask him for further support. He can be as involved in this, or uninvolved, as you want him to be. But from what you've told me of him, I think he would be very glad to know what you're trying to do."
Francis is watching him quite closely, his eyes lingering on the long string of text he can see scrawled from where he sits opposite. Sherlock glances through the words again, sentimental nonsense, all of them, and simply shakes his head, turning to another clean page. No.
After another brief silence, when it must become evident that Sherlock is not going to respond, Francis tries another tactic. He sits forward slightly, looking closely at Sherlock, just closely enough that he starts to fiddle with his pen, just to keep his hands occupied.
"I thought he was a graduate student," he rasped. He closed his eyes for a moment, raking through every word of the last week in his head. "If I'd had any idea... he told me that he'd been involved with Dr. Wilson while in university, and I just assumed. I thought... twenty-five. Twenty-six. Not--"
Mycroft?" he spits. Now Sherlock isn't the only one shaking. "Because the way I hear it, Sherlock got clean because Lestrade gave him an ultimatum. He got clean because
He'd stitch what needed stitches, he'd deliver antibiotics for infections that needed stamping out- he'd even left the door open for having an oxygen set-up delivered, should Sherlock ever contract a severe cause of pneumonia, bronchitis, or the plague. But he wouldn't treat head injuries. Not before Sherlock had been bullied into accepting an examination at A&E, all to confirm that he wasn't
John is home. John Watson is home. John Watson is home to stay. John Watson looks unhappy and tired and is wounded and has both the worst ex-wife and the worst best friend in the entire history of recorded time. John Watson is home and not wearing his wedding ring.
Sherlock cleared his throat after several moments, looking particularly ill at ease, as if he could barely look John in the eye. "Then... why
"It's... complicated. Sexuality is complicated." Sherlock stared at him, and then down at his hands, like he was witnessing some sort of marvel. "I deduced that there had been men. But a sexual attraction isn't the same thing as being willing to establish an emotional connection. And my own deductions regarding peoples' personal feelings and intentions towards me have never been sound; researcher bias, inability to be impartial. I..." he swallowed again, this time like a fine shiver, running through him from head to toe. "I think I would... like to..."
proud of himself. He beams at John the second he appears in the doorway, like a smug and naughty teenage boy, and--
"Sherlock Holmes, you will put that bloody book away right this moment and listen to me, or so help me I will use it for firewood
Sherlock was balled up on the sofa, huddled underneath blankets with his back to the room and his face stuffed into a pillow. John stepped into the flat to relieve Mrs. Hudson, and found their landlady waiting for him in Sherlock's chair, a magazine in her hands and slowly draining a cup of tea. She shook her head sadly at John, plainly unhappy, and John's spirits dropped as soon as he'd gotten them up.
John rolled his eyes back, grinned, and tried very hard to ignore the tiny knot of misgivings still sitting in his stomach.
John was right. A piece of paper meant nothing to him. He had never needed Cambridge's permission to call himself a scientist. He'd also never cared about prizes, or overpriced pomp and circumstance in Sweden, or proper credit. It was true, though, that Victor had made the initial discovery and had the initial idea, that had solidified Oscar's prize, and from there his career. Sherlock had been the one to discover it in his notebooks, and figure out a way to prove it. Victor's idea, Sherlock's work-- Oscar had done little more than just follow the instructions that Sherlock had already laid out. He'd been annoyed about it at the time, that Sherlock had insisted on working on Victor's project instead of devoting himself entirely to Oscar's own, and wound up refusing to help him on it, in his way. Meetings cancelled or shown up late to. The few that did happen derailed with alcohol and touching. Oscar sneering about it and mocking his progress whenever Sherlock tried to bring it up.
John rolled his eyes, not looking particularly impressed. "Yeah, well, turns out when a girl asks for an exciting date, she means to the new Thai place instead of Italian. She's not quite so keen on being kidnapped by-" He broke off to scowl, his mouth twitching as he rubbed at his eyes again. "-Korean bloody mobsters."
He tells the others at the surgery that Sherlock's laptop's microphone is broken. It's enough. For now.
It was just like that day at Cambridge. He felt well enough to work a case... but something about this one made him say
Sherlock solves three cold cases without getting out of bed, considers braining himself on the nearest sharp edge he can find, and hacks into NSY.
John steps out of the elevator with takeaway in hand and takes a full three steps past Sherlock before finally reeling to a stop. He does a double take, staring back with wide eyes, and Sherlock only just barely has enough pride left to manage a raised hand back in answer.
Sherlock is folded up next to him, pen stuck in his mouth and journal in his lap. He is wide awake, as per usual, probably having not slept any more than two or three hours, but his eyes are bright and he looks as well-rested as a man in bed late Saturday morning should look.
thing to say to Sherlock, then that's it. He's done. If she opens her mouth and even starts to say the word
"All right," Ella began again, after a long, careful pause. She took a sip of water, watching him with a gaze that didn't entirely feel like a triumph. "In any case, John-- I think that you are jealous, of Dr. Wilson. I also think that you are genuinely worried about Sherlock, and for good reason. Sherlock should be focusing on taking care of himself right now, not putting himself together for the sake of a relationship. Especially one that sounds as if it might have been founded on a severe power imbalance and might have ended for very good reasons."
John thought sullenly. He turned his back again before Sherlock could see his face fall, pulling out the kettle.
John waited, for a minute or two. He watched Sherlock out of the corner of his eye until the hard lines of tension began to fade, as Sherlock understood an interrogation was not forthcoming. He watched and drank his own tea and waited for Sherlock to reestablish himself, and remember that, if noting else, he was at least safe with John.
he whispers. It comes out as nothing more than a faint breath of air, landing gently on John's sweaty, still back. The words settle comfortably in his throat, not sticking like glue to keep him silent but instead flowing as they are meant to do. He chooses another.
Sherlock is not listening. Sherlock can not hear him, and even if he could, a conversation is clearly far away from what he's capable of right now.
Sherlock's own triumphant grin wilted, just a little bit, and his smug sanctification wilted with it.
Sherlock's arms instantly lower to squeeze around him, his head of wild curls burying down into his shoulder. He can't see Sherlock's face anymore, he can't tell what he's thinking or what he feels, but he doesn't have to to know to hug Sherlock back.
He wondered if Lestrade would be all that upset if he stopped by the suspect's room on his way room to give him a second knock on the head.
He cushions his thumb in the curve of one of the familiar furrows, stroking it up and down, and listens to how it feels against his hand. He hears the smoothness of it over the words in his mouth.
He starts to step forward, already sifting through a few choice words for what's best to say to keep everything calm. The girl does need looking at, he is a doctor... if he volunteers, maybe he'll be able to put the budding explosion on ice until the police arrive. Or perhaps--
Thank you so much for all the comments/kudos!!! Onwards-- this chapter is a bit slow, but it's just before things kick up next chapter :)
They will find a way on from today, and it will not be with anything Sherlock's sodding brother has to offer.
He tilts his head back and spits out a silent laugh, his throat sore in the cold and his teeth chattering, and texts the damn reply.
He squirmed back onto his other side to wave a white flag all in one. He couldn't quite look at John, so glared into the darkness instead, his fingers still caught together and each breath wrenched through clenched teeth by sheer force of will. "Won't happen again."
Sherlock narrowed his eyes through a brief breath, his hand winding even tighter into his shirt. "What?" he snapped again, and there was a solid chance that Sherlock really didn't know what
Sherlock is once again reminded on how he thinks the entire scientific field of clinical psychology isn't worth the paper it's printed on. If he wanted Hallmark greeting card tripe, then he'd have bought one.
"Oh..." he drawled, hunting somewhat pathetically for the words. "I'm... sure it's not as difficult as you'd think."
It's not a good idea. It is, in fact, a horrible idea. Sherlock is not ready for a case. Sherlock still can't
Sherlock settled himself on the cold floor next to the lab table, so low down he'd just about made himself fit underneath it. He squirmed down as securely as he could, making a nest right there into the corner with his jacket and backpack and very, very sore face. Head still down, he swallowed what would've been one very painful yawn, and dove a hand into the lab fridge, digging down into the very bottom with a flannel to grab a carefully selected handful of ice.
"You're the one who disappeared, not me! I came back from my honeymoon, you knew the date, you booked the bloody plane tickets, and
Slowly, the pieces scattered by his drunk best friend began to make sense. John put the puzzle together in his head, still on edge and entirely too worried.
That night he had been the most remarkable, fantastic diva that John had ever met. Tonight he's had nightmares for three nights in a row, and John knows about every one. That night, John had moved in because all he'd wanted was a breath of fresh air, and Sherlock had given him a car chase through half of London. Tonight he's kissing John at the foot of the stairs because the cold makes his leg hurt if he stands for too long. That night, John had taken one look at him and stayed, because Sherlock was
inside him but in just this exact moment that he has right now, he doesn't need to say anything at all.
Mycroft looked away with a scowl, a stiff, an especially unhappy scowl. "Sherlock has never told me what happened, but yes. It is exactly the same. He went in for his final committee hearing, just a few weeks before graduation, and right before the meeting Dr. Wilson told him that his progress on his main project wasn't satisfactory, and he wouldn't be allowed to present. Dr. Wilson gave him some of his own data to present instead, but it wasn't a project Sherlock knew anything about, and half an hour wasn't enough time for even him to learn it well enough for a presentation where he was meant to be showcasing years of experience and expertise. The committee all but laughed him out of the room, and Dr. Wilson announced in front of the entire panel how disappointed he was in Sherlock. How much of a failure he was, and how badly he had let him down." He paused again, glancing at John, as if unsure if he should go on and explain what happened next.
"All right," he announces at last, clearing his throat in the quiet. There is simply nothing else left for him to even pretend to do. "That's... I guess that's... that, then. You ready to go?"
John doubted that any of this was actually news to Sherlock. He had never talked about it with him, not once, but Sherlock
If he's being sarcastic, it doesn't show. Today probably has turned out miles better than he had expected.
It's breathless and the warmest thing in this damn alley. He breathes in sharply, tasting John, and John kisses him until the despair in his head is entirely eaten up and there's nothing underneath it at all but how
Mycroft, he--" He trails off and nearly chokes on the madness of it, wanting to tear his own hair out. How is this happening?! This can't be happening!
He exhales another lungful of smoke and lowers the cigarette, tapping it against his bare wrist. Why the hell doesn't he? Why
he laughs, ducking under the hand that tries to swat his arm. "Jesus, I'm coming! What is this one, a ten? Tell Lestrade to warn a guy next time!"
It was just touching. People touched all the time. That was what normal people did. He didn't want to be a
Sherlock moves at John's shoulder suddenly, tense and jerky with those wild eyes, but he's trying. He's scared, but he's
Another few moments passed in complete quiet, uncomfortable enough to hear a pin drop on the street below.
John has spent four months unable to talk to Sherlock. Sherlock has spent the same period of time unable to talk to
For a long time, that grief, and that guilt, had been the worst he had ever felt in his life. His best friend had killed himself, and maybe John hadn't pushed him off the edge himself, maybe John would've spoken to him differently if he'd known, if he'd realised, if he'd
"But it's no worry, love, all of this. I'm sure you'll be feeling much better soon. You always heal right up so quickly... and with John
"I don't know why you want me to go back to Mary," John says finally. His voice is rough again, and he continues to stab at his food with unnecessary vehemence.. His face is very little short of anguish. "I don't know why you're trying so hard to convince me of it, why you apparently don't care enough about yourself that getting shot doesn't even matter, why you're so sure you're-
John looks tired again. Tired the way he had in the last weeks leading up to the wedding, and the morning he found him in a drug den. He looks tired again just thinking about it.
The strangest thing about it was, Mary had actually liked Sherlock. They could've been good friends, if the situation had been different. But she hadn't liked what he'd been for John, and... that had taken precedent.
Mycroft moves to the kitchen instead, his back still to Sherlock. His hand passes over where the bag of flour sits, hidden away in the cabinet, lingers for a moment, then moves to the kettle instead. "Yes, I know. Sentiment is a defect in the losing side, Sherlock. I'm well aware, brother mine... that does not make voluntary. As you very well know."
"It's... yes. It is." The grad student behind him coughed, and there was a rustle of papers again. Still shuffling through the pile in his hands; still barely even listening to Sherlock. "But I really don't think you're a good fit, for Dr. Wilson's lab. We need to move on now, all r--"
John's eyes turned away, his fingers still jittering nervously on his thigh. He clenched his jaw and looked as if he wanted to hit something.
John swallowed again. He thought about Sherlock, unshaven and bloody-eyed in his chair, looking confused and small and insecure, a mug of tea in his hands as he looked anywhere but at John. Fuck.
He catches a glimpse of John's face out of the corner of his eye and groans in abject despair. Oh, not
By the time he's finished with the email, John is finished with whatever it is that he's writing, and they switch off. And at first, Sherlock has no idea what he's reading. It's a grocery list, milk, eggs, tea, and so on, but that's not all that it is. Each item is, very oddly, because John does tend to do very odd things, marked with directions.
"This is your scheduled dose. If you want to talk about skipping that dose, we can have that conversation in a few days. Right now, you're taking it."
Her eyes flutter, an odd mixture of expensive mascara and red and puffy. "Would you?" She hands him her phone, already pulled up to her most recent conversation, and Sherlock decides that being human isn't all bad after all.
Sherlock frowned. "Only an idiot would walk into a door." His professor pulled the ice back a bit to get a better look, a severe grimace settled onto his face. "It was a junior getting out of class. Sebastian. I ran into him and deduced his girlfriend was cheating on him. She was wearing a pink jumper."
Sherlock stands in a barebones, depressing corridor. The rest of the palace at his back is ornate and opulent and luxurious, but what stretches out before him now is tired and ugly. The functions of an exhausted, sleep deprived mind, that did not have it in him to tear open great glass windows, or sunny skylights, or curtains that flutter in warm breezes that are just the same pattern as Baker Street. The doors are heavy, industrial, each one bolted shut and locked three different ways, and the waiting door behind him is ready to be locked shut as well and branded with all the warnings he has to stay that way.
. He doesn't need to. They can make something else work. They are Sherlock Holmes and John Watson. Whatever they need to make work, they
Mary shot Sherlock through the heart. Sherlock forgives it, because he's in his thirties, now, and has never once grasped how to care about himself.
Sherlock looks as home as he ever has. If John hadn't known any better, if he were just passing through, then he would've assumed that the beanpole in the coat was a deaf, especially stylish constable. And that's-- well, he feels
manage to get sustenance down the bastard's throat, especially when Sherlock is like this. He'd probably starve himself out of defiance alone.
he did, but nothing was different at all. Except my stomach hurt, because I wasn't supposed to be drinking at all, and..."
that John promising an easy out if he needed it made him feel this much better. First date of his life or no.
It wasn't as bad as it could've been. He wasn't really touching Sherlock's skin, and the thick, white cover of shaving cream distorted his features and his mouth in particular. It was easy enough to distance himself, and treat him as he would any other patient. Even if Sherlock was the only patient he'd do this for.
he told himself, willing the concern to settle. Setbacks were normal. Bad days were expected. They just had to get back on track. "Come on, onto your back, sit up a little. You know the drill."
"Anyone that I know?" he asked finally, and rather stupidly. What, did he think Sherlock and Lestrade had had a fling on the side? Sherlock had just said that he hadn't in a while.
She was right. And she'd phrased it exactly in that way because she knew that was the only way he couldn't disagree with.
this was a step too far, now. Ordered back home to look after their supposedly fragile house plant, he could take, but now insulting his detective work?! Even if it was, perhaps, technically true, that John knew what they were looking for better than Sherlock himself-
"God, no! No, Greg, the cases are great, seriously, we'd both go mad without them!" John shakes his head, almost dizzy at the thought. Sherlock, without cases?
It was just Sherlock being Sherlock, John told himself. That was all. He'd seen Sherlock like this before after all, hadn't he? He could sulk when he didn't get exactly his way, and pout out the window like a child. It didn't mean something was wrong.
Never mind that Mycroft's watching. He tentatively reaches a hand out, just barely touching the small of his back. "Sherlock, it's--"
Something must've shown on John's face at that, because Mycroft rolled his eyes again, shaking his head. "Nothing as dramatic as you're thinking. This isn't a movie. He didn't hurt them, John. He just... drove them off. After years of abuse, it wasn't very difficult. Most that I could track down had dropped out or transferred to another program. Almost none of those that had stayed with him were successful." Mycroft turned sour, setting his cup down with a hard, cold
he misses how it sounds when he's excited and railing through a series of deductions at light speed. He misses how it sounds when Sherlock is bellowing his name from across the bloody flat to demand tea.
Sherlock sniffs desperately into his hands, all limbs and misery on the floor. His breaths still race, so shallow and stricken they're not getting in any air at all.
"Is that what happened to Sherlock?" John started, grinding his teeth. "He told me he had no respect for Dr. Wilson's science; is that why?"
John trudged back in just after nine, with his jacket over his shoulder and rubbing at his heavy, bloodshot eyes. He looked especially beaten down and exhausted, his hair on end and his shirt still wrinkled and splattered with dirt, with a faded bruise on his cheek that hadn't had time to form the night before.
He grits his teeth, and sweeps downstairs after the worst and best big brother the world has to offer.
John sighs, staring down at his hands. Sometimes, it's a struggle to find the words himself. "It's day by day," he settles on, watching Sherlock flit about just out of the corner of his eye. "Some being better than others."
to mean every word of it, and in fact, he probably thinks he does. John is probably sincere in everything that he has just said. And there is certainly a very big part of Sherlock that wants to embrace it all at face value, let John kiss him again like he so clearly wants to do, and then
The next morning, John's arms around him don't stir until his alarm goes off on his phone. Sherlock has half a mind to banish the phone and the noises it makes to the nearest beaker of acid, but John only groans into his shoulder, reaching all the way over him to turn it off.
When he finally does agree to participate, he passes every assessment with flying colors. Every single test that does not require Sherlock to speak or write, he does so in full form, with hard, angry eyes, and hands that twitch like he wants to snap the offered pen in half.
The entire room, just about, blinks together as one. Even Sherlock manages to stop panting, his upset ground to a halt with shock instead.
"But you said--" He snapped his mouth shut, his white face flushing faintly pink. It was one of the more endearing things that John had ever seen, and he rolled his eyes back.
He's grinning, though he's trying not to show it. And with half his hair stuck up, his face as white as the floor and his eyes bloodshot and watering, and his current attire being ancient pajamas and his dressing gown as a blanket...
The crux of the matter was, John wasn't going to have that happy ending. Not with Sherlock, not in that way.
Sherlock closed his eyes, hunched over as much as John knew his healing ribs could take. His hair hid his eyes and he yanked the towel out from around his neck with an angry tug, twisting it between his hands.
"So I'm not waking up an elderly woman in the middle of the night just because you can't be arsed enough to keep a house plant alive!" John set about crumpling his sandwich wrapper next, very likely in case he decided he needed another projectile weapon. "You know what? No. I'm not going, this time. You are."
The room is ludicrous in its luxuriousness, but it is also still a hospital room. There are not exactly many places to hide. The corners are big and empty, the curtains are paper-thin and white, and there's not room for him to be hiding under the bed or sofa. John remains confident that Sherlock would not have been able to stumble off into the corridor somewhere, so...
"Mr. Scott Holmes," the doctor says, observing him over wire-rimmed glasses and the neat fold of his hands. His office is suffocatingly friendly, with an overstuffed couch, a box of tissues, and a motivational quote framed on the wall. He also has a doctorate in molecular biology (see: non-idiot), a fierce moral fiber (see: John), and a coffee addiction that he treats with heart-attack inducing cappuccinos from an expensive, environmentally friendly cafe every morning. "It's a pleasure to meet you."
John's footsteps were heavy and irritated, seventeen rhythmic thumps on the stairs that belied the wounded look on his face from before was not over. He came up to the door and slowed to a halt, just looking, just watching.
John freezes right there on the spot, just like Sherlock. And it might make him the worst boyfriend in the world, but he freezes right there in the face of Sherlock's breathless panic, and instead of moving forward to put an end to it-- he waits.
people do and I am not normal does not mean I am immune to it. A premise I didn't think I would have to explain to you, given that you are both a doctor and someone who has repeatably tried to impress upon me that I am not a machine, but, well, here we are. I am just as human as you and just as unable to stamp out the urges of the transport as anyone else."
He also so happened to not be in a particularly forgiving mood. And maybe he couldn't take back Mary's DVD, and maybe he couldn't take back what he'd done to him in that morgue, and said in that letter. But he could, at least, do something about Dr. Andrews: smug little shit, and probable reason why Sherlock had been so reluctant to come here today.
Another moment of silence. Sherlock did, indeed, hold perfectly still. He kept his eyes closed, this time, long lashes against his damp, now clean cheek.
Sherlock continues his silent, seething stare-down. He clearly has absolutely no desire to unfold from the sofa, and he's not about to let John so much as an inch away, either.
John, do you see? I absolutely could not risk you... going away. Which is, again, what people tend to do. I... John. I am interesting company, and exciting company. But one thing I am not is
"...Sorry," John finally forced out, unfurling his fist finger by finger. He stared hard across the room, trying to control his breathing. It didn't go very well. "Continue."
"That wasn't why." He curled closer into himself, his knees pulled up and his face almost hidden behind them, his big, expressive eyes still watching John. "That wasn't... entirely why. It was... I only wanted to see if I could do it. Specifically with him. I wouldn't have seen him again after that night regardless, but you said I should do it and I... wanted to see if I was capable of it at all." He lowered his eyes again, his mouth twitching. "Experiment failed in that regard, I suppose."
sinking deeper into his coat and wrapping tighter around the muffins. He looks almost like a child playing dress-up, in a coat that is much too big for him and a high collar that curls around his sharp cheekbones and gives him something to help him hide. An especially big, especially sullen child.
Mycroft said abruptly. He passed a hand over his face again, squeezing the bridge of his nose, and for one bewildering moment looked, not alarmed, but exasperated. "Are you
They pelt through London together, handcuffed and hand-in-hand, and he's higher than high, he's better than cocaine, but this time Sherlock falls from a rooftop and
John took another deep breath. Forcibly, finger by finger, he unclenched his fists in his lap, and dug his hands into the arms of his chair instead. He still badly wanted,
The look on Sherlock's face said, quite clearly, that he was just as relieved for the change in topic as John. "Evidently not." He grimaced, though perhaps it was closer to a pout, and held up his hand again for John's inspection. This time, there was just the slightest waver of his fingers that hadn't been there before. "Everything else is getting better, but... my hands have decided they still hate me, it seems."
Is it any bloody wonder why he tries to swear it all off, this caring lark, when it always ends this badly?
He closed his eyes for a moment, forcing himself to be calm. Sherlock didn't want apologies from him. And right now, apologies weren't at all what Sherlock needed.
None of this would've fucking happened if Sherlock had valued himself enough to open up his mouth and say
He sees it in the low set of John's shoulders, day after day. He sees it when the look on his face when Sherlock is reduced to turning to
Of course he doesn't want to talk about it! Why would anyone? It is shameful, humiliating, disgusting! Why should he
John's hands lace over his, his fingers wrapping into his hands. They are sturdy and strong, almost burning hot, and Sherlock could melt into those hands. He could melt into his surgeon's hands, and let John stitch him back together, every freakish piece by every freakish piece, and he knows that John would make it right.
"...Rosie?" Sherlock asked, when John didn't go on. He sounded like he was very carefully prodding the air, as if searching for stable ground. His throat moved and he shifted in his chair, starting to sit further upright.
It made sense. He absolutely hated it, but he could follow Ella's line of logic step by step through all the way to the end, and her conclusion made
Sherlock wants to be touched. He only wants to be touched a very exact amount, in very exact ways. Before, he was an over-excited puppy, always preening to be scratched around the ears or pet, and now it's like he's metamorphosed into an overgrown, sulky cat. One that purrs delightedly when touched just the right way, but will snap and bite his hand off if it stays for too long.
Mycroft sighs, long and heavy, when Sherlock's eyes go back to meet his own. "I was not able to find you until it was much too late for it to matter. Then my agents botched the extraction mission, and managed to kill every
Sitting there in the dark, listening to Sherlock walk steadily up the stairs, John didn't know what he was about to see. An upset Sherlock, after a long and nerve-wracking date... or a contented one.
Sherlock has also tried chemical intervention before. Some months ago, he'd hypothesised that alcohol could be a brilliant aid, lowering his inhibitions just enough to loosen his tongue. He even had prime experimental conditions-- once he no longer was taking any medication for it to interact with, John had been more than willing to have a drink with him, right there in the flat. He'd seemed glad to, even; relieved that Sherlock had wanted to do something that could be considered
Ella was right. This was the third time Sherlock had used in a year and no matter how much John wanted to blame himself, no matter how much it
"You want me to Skype you?" he tried, and without much hope at all. "We've done it before. And I wouldn't mind--"
He's tired. That much is obvious. He's tired, and his shoulder hurts after a day of lugging boxes, and he doesn't know what to say or how to look at Sherlock.
would be much more interested in your internet star detective than they would an old professor about to retire." He shook his head disparagingly, already starting to turn away. "Whatever childish aspirations you have about ruining me, all you'll accomplish is dragging him right down with me. You want all those readers of yours to know that he had to sleep his way through school, and even then still couldn't cut it?"
Sherlock stares at him, his thumb still pressed to his throat, and says nothing. He never, ever, tries to say anything.
It was closer, more intimate, somehow, than even when he'd all but had his tongue in Sherlock's mouth just that morning. He slid his hand over Sherlock's, the subtle warmth of his palm, the graceful curl of his fingers around his that he got in return.
How could anyone ever believe that this man is a heartless sociopath? How could anyone ever spend more than two minutes with him, and actually walk away believing he doesn't care about anything but himself?
thing from university that Sherlock really absolutely must find an excuse to burn. "Thought you'd gotten lost in there. Or gone to sleep with your eyes open."
he was tired of this game. "The last time I considered it was with Victor. We talked about a collaboration we would do together. But I'm sure you heard how that ended up not working out."
"He put himself in a serial killer's hands, again because of me. The only reason he went after Culverton Smith to begin with was because of me, and the only reason he ended up there alone with him is because I left him there. I looked at him in a hospital bed and I left him there alone, and I didn't mean to come back.
And as they go on, Sherlock fumbling to talk and Donovan struggling to translate, John thinks he understands. It is the entire reason Sherlock had manipulated and schemed him out to this scene today in the first place. Sherlock knows he is still hurt, and he knows he is still struggling-- just as much as he knows he probably will continue to be, for a very long time. John has refused to let himself acknowledge this. He's refused to look at Sherlock's inability to speak as anything more than a temporary problem, because... because
Sherlock stares back at him, his eyes hard and glassy. He looks like he's teetering on an edge, hanging by just his fingertips and not sure of which way he's about to fall. A broken edge to him softens, somehow, the look on his face wobbling to reveal the smallest of cracks.
"Look," he says. He takes a deep breath, and lifts his head up to meet his eyes. It's uncomfortable and awkward, but he has clearly spent a long time thinking this through, and has decided this is something that is Important. This is something he Has to Say. "I'm frustrated. And I feel useless. I'm not saying this to make you feel guilty, I'm saying it because it's true. It seems like nothing is getting better and I'm supposed to be doing something but I don't know what that is. I want to help, and I know you're trying, but it feels like you're... stalling. That we're getting nowhere. And that worries me. Because I know you're not happy like this, you can't possibly be, and--" He curses under his breath, suddenly aggravated. "Am I making sense? I'm not making sense, am I?"
It was over as soon as it had started. Just a quick, light hug between old friends, and then Oscar stepped back, giving the both of them a parting, perfectly smile. "Lovely to see you again," he said again, and then he was off-- hurrying off on his way just as quickly as Sherlock had left John with Dr. Andrews.
The consultants have never seen brain activity that looks like Sherlock's before. They can't tell the difference between abnormalities in the scans because he's a cracking mad genius, and abnormalities because something is
Sherlock waits for what he knows will be next. John, again assuring that he's not about to expire of hypothermia, and then managing to help him hobble up to his feet. John, explaining to him as he crutches his way out of the alley that he's sorry, but Mycroft insisted on coming, and he's still waiting in the car. Perhaps an awkward attempt at an apology for earlier today, because Sherlock is
He does not mention enough, how much he both loves and hates his brother. He also definitely does not mention enough how much he absolutely
"The Williams case?" he asks at first, perhaps only two paragraphs into it. He glances at Sherlock, bemused. "That's what this is all about? He pled guilty forever ago. I think Lestrade said something about him starting to sing a whole different tune when he realised Daddy wasn't coming to bail him out."
The right thing for John to do would've been to take a few days, get his thoughts in order, and only let himself head back to Baker Street when he knew exactly what he was going to say.
So far, he's managed to keep this a secret from his readers. There have been no headlines, proclaiming that the great hat detective has lost his voice; there have been no nosy reporters shoving microphones into his face to try and force him to talk. Mycroft's worked his magic, Lestrade gives his officers their orders, and the nature of the story does the rest. It takes a higher quality reporter than the tabloid trash that tends to stalk Sherlock, to realise that their subject has not spoken in so long that it can only mean something is wrong.
Sherlock's mouth flattens, and the look on his face turns from calm boredom to something that edges on hostile.
He's still bleeding at the bottom of the stairs, and is shaking too badly to climb up them to get out.
"Lestrade," he muttered, right into the cushion. This was a good cushion. Good, solid, dependable cushion. "The case is now over. I haven't slept in days. If you leave now, then I'm going to bed, and not coming out of it for three days."
Greg wasn't sure what to say. Sherlock clearly had something on his mind, but he also, just as clearly, was not going to just come out and say it. But whatever it was had obviously upset him. Whatever it was was probably the reason Sherlock had turned up on his doorstep, angry and bleeding and hostile, and flinching away when Greg so much as tried to hand him an icepack.
Over watery soup, linens starched within an inch of their lives, and a much reduced morphine drip, Sherlock gathers himself up enough the next morning to make the mandatory announcement.
Mycroft glowers and is breathless, milk pale and just as angry as his brother, but beaten. He knows when he is beaten and that is the look on his face as he stands upright in a quick, graceless jerk.
with Rosie. I've barely even let you be there and you've still been amazing. I know you'd never do anything to hurt her." He closed his eyes again, trying to press out the memory of Sherlock's shaking voice on that horrible phone call. The muted fear underneath as he'd croaked that he couldn't lose either of them again. "I'm not naive, okay. I know... I know those cravings are always going to be there. And I know that someday something might happen, and you might slip. Setbacks happen, Sherlock. But as long as you keep trying, as long as you're serious about getting clean and staying clean, then neither of us are going anywhere."
He'd lost any right to ever hoping he could have something with Sherlock the day he'd hit him. The day he'd written that letter. The best he could hope for now was to just be Sherlock's friend again, and do what he could to make sure he was happy.
Sherlock is not his patient, so at first, John keeps his mouth shut about it. After all, the more data they have, the better, and he does understand the team's reluctance to accept such a grey diagnosis. Some part of him very much wants for it to be a physical problem, too. Something biological, that he can read about in his textbooks from school, that has a black and white cause and therefore a black and white solution. Anything at all, other than just
He kisses John's wet face, and then, snatches up the crinkled papers again, to redraw his attention to the very last line.
"Sherlock!" John looks at himself in the Skype call's mirror, unable to help it, and-- come on. The shirt is not
John hesitated again, still lingering beside Milgram. He looked at Sherlock in a way that was entirely odd and unreadable, his eyes warm, and in a word, he was- unsure. Unsure of himself, and what he was about to do.
Sherlock still waits an extra eight minutes, long enough for John to have made it to the taxi queue on the kerb outside, and exactly as long as his patience can stand, to turn on the tablet.
Sherlock didn't care that their suspect was in a bed down the hall, watched by a constable and waiting for a head scan of his own, with a bruise in the imprint of the barrel of a gun swelling on his forehead. What Sherlock
The case ended up being not quite as good as Lestrade's text had promised- it hadn't ended up being a locked room after all- but it still promised to be a decent enough puzzle. It was the theft of a counterfeit painting, after all. Why steal a counterfeit painting? Why go to such lengths for a painting that one could not sell?
He kissed him again, just one more time, standing on the sidewalk with the door open and the cabbie watching them both. "Lovely," John said, smiling warmly against his mouth. He stepped back again, with one last fond squeeze of his hand. "I'll see you tomorrow, okay? To start really writing up the case."
It feels like his heart is breaking into a thousand pieces. He just wants to pick Sherlock up and haul him back to bed, because he is
He can only hope that getting the hell out of this hospital will help. Because at this point, he does not know what else he can do.
"Stanley Milgram conducted an experiment into obedience to authority figures in 1961. As I've said, though you never listen, highly criticised now as unethical, but I'm sure it doesn't surprise you to know that I'm not interested in the ethics of behavioral psychology."
John doesn't bother trying to draw him out. Instead, he simply searches through the fridge, throwing together a dinner as quick as what he has the energy for, and he doesn't bother trying to be quiet, either; Sherlock can't hear him. The only time he needs to careful is when he gently makes an approach to where Sherlock still sits in his tight ball, a bowl of biscuits cradled under his right arm.
It's not the most brilliant of aliases, no. Scott Holmes. SH. And here he sits, famous coat and scarf and all. Just about all he's missing is the hat.
"I'm sorry," John landed on finally, his voice low, as neutral as he could. "Of course you can... have feelings like that. I didn't mean to imply otherwise. I'd just never see you be interested in anyone at all until Irene Adler, and then never anyone else after her, and I... assumed. I'm sorry."
What he doesn't forgive is that the bullet went straight through Sherlock, and smashed a second gunshot wound directly into John Watson's life.
Sherlock waved him off again, now starting to really get annoyed himself. "It was fake info. Feel free to check it for yourself- the only thing actually classified on there was Mycroft's favorite cake. Strawberry shortcake, by the way."
He can only hope Lestrade is the one who catches this case. The story of him apparently kneeing Mr. Mountain in the crotch to bring him down after a punch to the face hadn't been enough really isn't his best, but Lestrade will let him go home before dragging out his statement. Maybe Sherlock will even concede to getting the shopping.
But Sherlock had looked at him, and read him, and recognised that he was angry-- but thought it was at him.
John shrugged back, at least a little in sympathy. Prevailing wisdom was probably that Sherlock deserved it, and the longer he had to last through the withdrawal, the likelier he'd be to resist the urge to use again the next time it came. But the look on Sherlock's face was just a little bit
He tries to say it. He signs the first two words and then mouthes the last, tasting their shape and weight on his tongue. It is just his name. Sherlock Holmes. That is all it is. He has known it since infancy, since he was a baby running outside with Redbeard and stumbling through the difficult syllables, softened into
It moves on like it did when he stepped off a rooftop and forced John to watch. It moves on like it did when he stood up at a wedding and gave a bloody speech
John had done to him, it still wouldn't help. Sherlock would physically go to a therapist's office and make an appointment and stand up and walk inside, sure. But he wouldn't take it seriously, that wasn't something even Sherlock could force himself to do, and if he didn't take it seriously it'd be a waste of time. He'd sit there spending the hour deducing the therapist, then skip off and snag some Chinese on the way home.
He'd have smacked himself, if that wouldn't have gotten Molly's attention and ruined his whole entire plan. Slapped himself across the face to knock himself out of this falling spiral, to just dislodge the words he
Sherlock put the towel and his tea aside, suddenly, folding himself up into an even smaller, safer ball. He tucked his chin onto his knees and locked his arms around them, wrapped up to look wounded and guarded and small. "I know Lestrade wouldn't," he said. He barely moved his mouth, chin still smushed against his knees, and his voice came out muffled. "I thought he was like Oscar. When we first met, a year after I dropped out. I thought he was the same. He said I was brilliant and that he wanted to help me, and he told me to call him Greg. Oscar said the same. He wouldn't let me call him Dr. Wilson-- I had to call him Oscar."
John doesn't sound like he wants an argument, this time. He just sounds tired. He sounds and looks just as tired as he has ever since the shooting, and Sherlock is increasingly the cause.
"You okay?" he asked Sherlock, setting the takeaway in the nearest chair. He shouldn't have been lying on his side like that, not with his ribs. "Sherlock?"
"All right, all right--" John raised his hands in the universal gesture for peace. Sherlock clearly was not in the mood for teasing. "I'm sorry, I'm not laughing at you, Sherlock. It's just a little surreal, you know? You're a bloody genius and you fight serial killers for fun, but you still get nervous over a first date, just like everybody else."
John strides back into the bedroom a moment later, laptop charger in one hand and a freshly washed blanket over his shoulder. His brow furrows as he looks at Sherlock, budging the sweaty, filthy sheets back. "You okay? Thought I heard..."
He had someone sitting on his sofa that was smart enough to win a bloody Nobel prize, and he was wasting every bit of himself into smack and heroin. "But the career. Discovering things, naming stuff after yourself, being a scientist. You know, productive member of society 'n all..."
John inhaled sharply a second time, suddenly reaching up to rub his face. It was a very transparent attempt to cover a grin with his hand, his eyes bright with brilliant amusement, and it didn't actually cover anything at all.
John collides into him, and he doesn't know anything at all beyond the slam of his fist into his jaw. He punches him in the face once, and then again, and he just goes
That night, Sherlock finds himself draped over the sofa like a blanket, his feet in John's lap. They're not like this every night, sometimes they both need space, but John has seemed to want very much to be close to him ever since the full explanation of what happened ten months ago, and Sherlock has no issue providing. He lets John have a hand on his knee or absently stroke his calf or use it to muscle him into eating an extra biscuit, and
"So," Oscar began. Thirty-five minutes in. Finally-- cutting to the chase. "I was curious, Sherlock. I searched your name up, a few days ago, and I saw that you're still publishing. Are you with a university, or...?"
John squirms out of bed, fumbling for his dressing gown from the floor and his phone from the bedside table. The weight in his chest has become so familiar to him now, he hardly even recognises the pressure as it builds behind his sternum.
Sherlock hands flutter even faster, all but overflowing with excitement. He's signing so fast John barely catches more than one or two words, and none of them build up enough to make a coherent picture.
Silently, utterly, perfectly silent, the only noise at all the hoarse gasps of air sucked deep into his throat. But he's crying.
what's wrong. He doesn't want to have to slow down and write, he doesn't want to have to force his shaking hands to wrap around a touch screen.
Sherlock tugs on John's hand to attract his attention, frowning out the window after them. It's a group of three men, idiots, as usual, though these are below average even for London's criminal classes, but they've lucked into a scheme that is far above their competency levels, and one that has been absolutely delighting Sherlock. He swallows another bite of cake, watching very, very carefully as they congregate on the street.
dragging him back to his feet. He doesn't push him to explain, doesn't do anything but sit there and dig a hand into the plastic bag of takeaway and settle himself in for what is absolutely clear is meant to be the long haul.
John kissed him. He set the takeaway out with Sherlock's help, the kitchen table overtaken by an ongoing experiment into viscosity levels, so they settled at the desk instead, eating over case notes and Sherlock's charging laptop. He didn't pour himself a drink, despite Sherlock still owning a few dusty bottles of ancient whiskey rattling around the cabinets somewhere, assorted gifts from clients. Sherlock couldn't be positive, but he was at least somewhat confident that John had not had a drink since that night with Oscar, now weeks and weeks ago. Sherlock hadn't, either.
John stalked to the door, barely even remembering to grab his keys on the way out. "I'm assuming you know the fucking restaurant?" he tossed over his shoulder, phone shoved into his pocket, heart still lodged in his throat. "So we can--" Mycroft's phone rang, and whatever was left of John's patience completely and permanently snapped. "God damn it, Mycroft,
"The silent treatment?" Mycroft tries next. "Quite mature, Sherlock." He rises to his feet to begin to pace carefully about the room. The powdered sugar in the ashtray is ignored, in a very blatant slap to the face, and he moves instead towards his violin sits, cushioned on the sofa. "Music. What a lovely, healthy, scientifically supported thing to try. Have you ever considered that?"
"Oscar?" He re-evaluated in his head, adjusting the timeline. "So you would've been a grad student, then? And he was your supervisor, or something?"
John waits again. Sherlock has no idea what he's meant to say, if there is even anything for him to say at all. He keeps his mouth shut and continues picking at the blanket, and John still looks at him. Waits.
Oscar flattered him, first. Careful compliments, designed to make him feel important and special; telling him how wonderful he was, how unique, how
Sherlock huffed under his breath, silent as he watched Lestrade leave. Taking John for granted? Ridiculous. This had been the entire point of the Milgram experiment, after all... which, admittedly, was not working out as well as he had hoped. Not if John could so easily abandon him for five days straight, for what truly sounded like the most
"I'm okay," he promises instead, curling a hand around Sherlock's. "Concussion. They just discharged me."
And John's not making much sense, either, but Sherlock isn't a genius for nothing, and he grins back. "Yep." It feels like he's floating and he pulls John back down on top of him; the only words he wants to say now are ones into John's mouth. "Had to be sure."
Lestrade glances away, when Sherlock does not deign to look up from the pictures. He's still a little shaken, clearly having not expected this turn at all, and spends the next several moments just sitting there, hands wrapped together and eyes narrowed.
No. He shouldn't have been drinking, barely a few days after stomach surgery. He shouldn't have been there at all. He should've been home, somewhere safe, with someone to look after him, instead of trying to make his case that he deserved to be treated with respect to this
Sherlock is his emergency contact. They had called Sherlock. Who, of course, would not have been able to answer the phone. Who now only has a single voicemail to go off of, telling him that John has ended up in hospital with a head injury.
The last time he had cake, it was wedding cake. He'd thrown it up the next morning... though that might have just been the heroin.
Sherlock gives him back a wicked smile, his eyes bright and leering, and John only knows to smile right back.
for John, which was more than a certain someone could say, all without realising that it hadn't been a joke. It had possibly never once been a joke.
John nods. "And one more thing, actually-" He palms his phone and chopsticks in one, balancing his takeaway on his knees. It rings, already put on speaker, and John settles it on the bed between them. Each ring joins the peals of the heart monitor, off-key and off-center, and Sherlock doesn't know what he's supposed to do but stare.
John tugged him to the sofa, after, the takeaway containers binned and plates lying mostly empty on the desk. He sat closer than friends could sit, but that was okay, it was
But John came over, wearing his favorite dark-blue shirt that was becoming one of Sherlock's favorites, too. He appeared with takeaway from Angelo's, as promised, and the first thing he did was kiss Sherlock, and tell him he looked amazing.
It was a transparent lie. And what was worse, it was one that Sherlock had no reason to think he would fall for. John knew very well what drugs exactly Sherlock was suffering in withdrawal from, he knew exactly what the detox had and was going to look like, and he'd been making a chart of his recovery to keep a close eye on it. He knew that Sherlock was through the worst of the withdrawal, and while he still would have bad days, the severe symptoms were beaten down. He was well enough to work a case so long as it wasn't physically intensive, and a few sit-down interviews weren't physically intensive. He wasn't only well enough; it was
"I see you finally found your taste for whiskey," Oscar pointed out, amused eyebrow raised. "You're welcome."
They sit there like that, Sherlock on the floor and John's trembling hands in his hair. Sherlock desperately doesn't want to see the devastated look on his face, so he doesn't look up. He just breathes in John's shirt and shakes his head.
It takes a few moments for Lestrade to be the one to clear his throat, breaking the silence. "All right," he says, handing their suspect off to another officer. "Let's just all calm down, now. We've got a case to work on, yeah? Sherlock, do you think you can give me a quick statement, so we can hold him on the assault? Or..." He curses under his breath, turning back and forth on the street. "I guess Donovan's not here? I can call her, or an interpreter--"
John tosses a pack of cigarettes into the basket, just for him. There are worse things, than indulging in a nicotine addiction. He does not reply, when the cashier makes a comment about how poor Mr. Holmes is relapsing back on the smokes again.
it's that he never bloody well asked Mycroft over here to scream at him for his life choices, and he certainly didn't invite him in to ask his
And she has to hold his hands to stop him from scratching his own throat to bleeding shreds, because he just
"How'd you know that? How'd--?" John started to his feet, craning his neck as if he might be able to see out the window from here. Sherlock looked even more smug. "You hear the car outside? You never can resist showing off, can you...?"
"...All right." She cleared her throat when he did not, watching him almost too closely, and in a way he didn't entirely like. "Have you considered that you are--"
"You won't." He started to draw back further, already withdrawing into himself, his shoulders lifting and his jaw tight but there was just the faintest quiver in his voice that betrayed everything underneath it. "You're not remotely like Oscar, or Mary, or-- whatever it is that you think you'd do, John,
And then, just a few hours ago today, John had all but grabbed him by the scruff of the neck and thrown him out of the flat. Sherlock had told John in every way that he could that he hadn't wanted to go. He'd told him that he felt sick. He'd told him that he thought he was going to throw up. He'd stood there at the door and needed to be all but pushed outside, and John hadn't realised. John had never realised something was wrong.
needs flipping. That's all he needs. Just one line. Half a line. Half a line, and then he'll speak and then he'll stop.
"It is mandatory that we commence in copulation post haste, like proper degenerates, so we may relish in debauchery."
but before his very eyes, he watched as Sherlock withdrew back until he was so far away behind his defenses that he might as well have been across the city, for all that John could reach him.
The sounds of his footsteps down to the street were loud and obtrusive into the silence, the swing of the door shut downstairs nails on a chalkboard. Sherlock stayed curled on his side, squeezed into a ball now so he no longer had to fight the cushions for space, exhaustion and fury and an anxious sort of squirming fear all torn inside his stomach. And John...
But what did that have to do with Sherlock? What relationships was Sherlock looking at beyond his own? For a case, maybe? But Sherlock was insistent that the murder here had nothing to do with an affair. Or--
Despite himself, John laughed. It wasn't very funny at all, and it came out small and caustic, but he couldn't help it. "Sherlock would camp out in a blizzard if it was for the purpose of avoiding you."
But he wonders, sometimes. He thinks about what it might be like, if for these past eleven months, the suffocating silence of the flat had been broken by the panting and skittering paws of a dog.
He has been away for two years and counting. And the fact that John is home, now, John is smiling at him again, everything is so close to right he barely dares to believe it's true-
The question is determinedly casual. For someone not in the know, Lestrade is just asking after how a colleague's week has gone.
Sherlock has never been stellar at knowing what exactly it is that he wants. For many years, the height of that question was answerable in
Sherlock scowls deeply into his hands, shoulders hunched. His fingers are wrung so tightly together that it hurts.
He listened with his face still in the pillow, archiving and storing the words as John described in a long, tired monotone how he had ended up wearing a Semtex vest poolside. He'd already deduced the shape of the story on his own, and the small details were unnecessary seasonings that did nothing but confirm his own guesses.
But Sherlock wasn't listening to him, because he'd called Mycroft. Because John was the reason he was out there drunk out of his mind in the first place.
Okay, so the whiskey had definitely been a bad idea. Maybe all of this had been a bad idea. "All right, let's just... just take a breath, Sherlock. Calm down, okay? It's only one date." Now definitely not amused in any way, shape, or form, John got back to his feet, moving around to gently rub his back. Sherlock flinched a little at the first touch but did not throw him off, so he kept doing it, gingerly circling the tense, locked shoulders, willing him to take a breath. "Seriously, it's just a few hours at a nice restaurant. What's the worst that can happen?"
Then he re-caps the pen with his teeth, slaps his notebook shut, and folds around, to curl with his head in John's lap instead of his legs.
And they give him the label anyway, because Sherlock refuses to even try to communicate in any meaningful way, and that leaves them unable to give him any other diagnosis except this one.
His mouth moves soundlessly, cracked lips drifting through motions that are too slow and sluggish for him to ever translate.
Sherlock reads over the paragraphs again, dust and grit collecting in his throat. They are disgustingly sentimental, and already something that he knows he would never be able to say aloud to a therapist. He likely wouldn't be able to even say them aloud to John.
But if playing the violin is akin to speaking, then it only makes logical sense, that composing would be akin to writing.
And there was more to that, more guilt and horror and shame, but John didn't have the words for it. If he kept trying to find them he was probably going to end up breaking into tears, and the one thing he'd already sworn to not do today was
John let out a very long, very fond sigh. "It's only for a few hours," he said again, crouching closer. He gently turned Sherlock's head this way and that, getting a good look at his eyes and the glorious swelling on his own forehead. Sherlock was pretty sure a quarter of his hair was matted together in one blood-crusted clump. "Assuming everything looks good, we'll get everything wrapped up, and then you can come home and whine all that you like from bed, love. I'll even make you tea."
John stares at him in silence, waiting for his answer. Sherlock works his mouth, the words rolling over his tongue clumsy and stale, because he certainly must say
Dr. Wilson emerged around the frame of the door, bag slung over his shoulder and clearly on his way out for the night. He stopped by to flick the lights off, offering Sherlock a perfunctory, tired smile, and kept on walking.
This time, there was no part of him that even tried to argue back that it actually hadn't been his fault.
He focused on that, and the unsteady pattern of Sherlock's tear-thick breathing, and for just that moment, tried not to let himself think about anything else.
get off, thinking he can storm in here and do this to him? These past ten months he has existed only as a specter nun to whack him with a ruler when he gets out of line. What on
It's getting a little old, to be honest- Sherlock is not going to make a third break for it, because he's not that stupid, he is not a child, he is not needlessly self-destructive. He knows exactly what state he is in and has no wish to extend his recovery by another month yet, not now, that
"The offer stands, then," he murmurs, his voice like ice. He nods once at Sherlock, in a way that is not pleasant at all. "Brother mine. Dr. Watson."
take Sherlock away from him. "Then you should've asked one not on your payroll. He's not a danger to himself or others and you can't force him to get treatment that he doesn't want."
Which makes it all the more baffling to John, that Sherlock has willingly jumped at the opportunity to force himself into a crime scene.
He tugged gently on his coat, wrapping it even tighter around himself, and forced his leaden feet to move.
Sherlock is barely listening to the reprimand. He's back to being one bristling ball of impatience and nerves, but the urgency in him has vanished like water rolling down the drain. He's no longer even trying.
So boring that I can only conclude they were unsolved because the original officers keeled over from lack of stimulation and died on the spot,
When Mrs. Hudson started to use Milgram as a pseudo-Christmas Tree mid-March, hanging little lights and papery ornaments from its stiff leaves and even leaving a biscuit at the base,Sherlock threw up his hands, and gave in the fight.
"Thanks," he rumbles, then coughs, making a face. "Sherlock Holmes, making me tea. And I can't even enjoy it. Worst day of my life."
It doesn't quite come out, the words still jumbled in his throat, but he's too high on his victory to care. He inhales John again, every
at a crime scene, and talking to her because he can't talk to him. He sees it in how tired John is, in his face over Skype and in the over-eager, almost desperate replies to his texts, because that is now the only way they can talk.
Mycroft had snipped, and, well, there had gone whatever bits of peace there'd still been left in the flat. John made him eat, sit down and mechanically lift up bites of food and put them in his mouth, he made him go through it all at least
"What was so important that you had to do it right then? That you had to do that to John, Sherlock? I'm sure you had to do it, you always do, but... you just can't keep making him watch as you hurt yourself, Sherlock. You can't keep doing this to the people that love you."
"You can sit down, you know?" he prodded gently, glancing at Sherlock's stiff back. "You don't have to leave for another two hours, yeah?" But Sherlock did not answer him, he did not even move at all, and John's bemusement started to fade into concern. Again. "...Sherlock?"
Sherlock settles back down at the kitchen table, a hand on his microscope. His wonderful, familiar, chemical-scarred table. The pattern of acid stains on one corner, paling the wood; the little furrow he uses to space his test tube rack from his notes. The chemical smell. The claw marks from when he'd needed to examine the exact appearance of glass shards scratched against wood.
wants John there on a case. What he doesn't want John there for is to play witness to him searching out all the dogs in the park. Sometimes one will bound over to him, licking his legs and shedding all over his coat. His dry cleaning bill doubles, and he finds air. "There's a good boy," he says, or "Good girl," or "Your owner's a bastard that's cheating on his wife." Perhaps they really should get a dog.
It was clearly meant to be supportive, and encouragement. She was telling him that she had faith in him to do the right thing.
And Sherlock sees the gaping hole in his logic. He says John has already been put under too much stress, serving as nearly his sole support system for a year? It follows, then, that he should have
Sherlock had already said he forgave him, without reservation or hesitation. Maybe Ella was right after all, that this went deeper than what John had done, but into why Sherlock had been and was so willing to let him. And as much as John hated it, maybe the best he was going to get was Sherlock making an effort to pretend he hadn't forgiven it the moment John's fist had collided with his cheek. Maybe asking him to accept he'd been hurt by one of his only real friends was just one step too far to ask of him. Especially right now, when he was still in pain and hurting and reeling after one of the worst periods of their lives.
John is in such a dizzy rush to make it to the door, he doesn't even process what he hears going on behind him until he's a step outside, and it's almost too late.
It wouldn't be the first time that John had helped Sherlock shave. That dubious honor would go towards last year, when Sherlock had been in hospital, in too much pain to sit up straight and too drugged for fine motor skills involving a straight blade and his face. There'd been a lot of firsts, back then. Tasks John really should've just left to the nurses, but how could he have? It was
He weighed the letter in his hands. He felt the smooth paper, the smooth lines of the typed address, the creases of the envelope and the heaviness of the contents inside.
hard onto his back, squeezed tightly all around and kissed hard on the mouth, John's hands suddenly on his face and hair. John is absolutely ecstatic and over the moon, kissing him all over his face now but Sherlock can't stop. He doesn't
I wanted to see you but you never reached out and what was I supposed to do? I thought you were fine! I thought it was like Moriarty all over again- that you were busy and
He'd checked three emails, and started to reply to another, when Sherlock finally jerked back to life.
any more! From the outside, he and John look exactly what two ordinary people engaged in a sexual and romantic relationship ought to look. He has tried as hard as he can to give him as much
"I haven't seen Mary since that night, Sherlock. You were all so upset- John was shouting, he was so, so
Sherlock catches his fists in his hands, pushing them both down. John is shaking and staring up at him with horrified eyes, and Sherlock
Sherlock doesn't react at all, beyond a slow, still hostile blink. He looks as if Mycroft has done nothing more groundbreaking than announce what he'd like for Christmas. He doesn't even look like he
"But I have in the past, Sherlock-- and I don't even mean just intentionally! You voluntarily got up and went on a bloody date with him, you didn't to so badly you almost got sick, but you did it anyway, all because you wanted to make me happy. You didn't want to tell me no. This after you just as good as told me you never wanted to have sex with him at all, but you never could properly tell him no, either!" The very idea of that happening with Sherlock, of thinking it was something that Sherlock wanted to do, that he was making Sherlock feel good, only to find out later he hadn't wanted any of it, that he'd only done it because John had wanted him to...
It's a complicated case. Even without Sherlock being unable to vocalise it, he's seen the frustration on his face mounting as he pieced through files at the Yard-- he's as happy as he is stuck, and this is sure to be a case that'll keep him busy for the week to come.
John ground his teeth again. The anger in his stomach was so familiar it was almost comforting. Righteous, this time, a righteous, protective anger, at someone who deserved it, at someone who he could punch in the face and
The heart attack is instantaneous, and John steels himself against the swoop of nausea. His first instinct is to be alarmed, because it's
Over two cups of bitter tea, in a completely overturned sitting room, books on the floor and Sherlock's skull on its side, and with Mycroft settled in Sherlock's chair.
And what it boils down to is that John has barely got more than a nod or a shake of a head out of the man that he loves in over four months.
"Upstairs?" John murmurs, one hand slid between his sticky collar and his throat. The other curls possessively in Sherlock's hair, his strong fingers tugging him closer, close enough to feel the steady pattern of his heart.
"Right," he said again, breathing deeply. "Because it seemed a little- I guess, in a way- I thought you might look at Irene like-"
But they were rare, and there was no excuse for one to go untreated so for long that it turned into emergency hospitalization. Sherlock would've been experiencing stomach pain and nausea for months. It would've hurt to eat, it would've hurt not to eat, and he would've been throwing up enough that somewhere in that genius brain of his, he would've
stop running off to try and get yourself killed?! Don't you ever get tired of it, Sherlock?! No, of course you don't, you
"Can you hear me, Sherlock? It's me. It's John." He watches his face, very, very closely, but there's not a single twitch. John hesitates, hand hovering as he searches for the safest place to touch. In the end, he settles on nudging the backs of his fingers to one narrow shoulder. "It's okay if you can't say so. You're on some pretty heavy drugs. But I know you, yeah? I bet there's something in there that's awake. You're tolerant to everything under the sun."
He doesn't know the exact time. Prolonged stretches in the palace will always throw off his internal clock.
Francis hands back the collection of sheets he's gathered over the session, when the hour is up-- it was one of the conditions Sherlock had had, upon agreeing to therapy in the first place. "I'll see you next week, then?" Francis holds his hand out for Sherlock to shake, as he readjusts his scarf and tugs his coat down and his suit jacket straight. There's something curious on his face, for just one moment. And then:
After another few moments of waiting in useless silence, John found himself with no choice but to just turn back down the stairs without another word.
Ella waited politely a moment longer. For some justification, perhaps; at least an explanation as to why.
"Sir, sir, please calm down! If you can just explain what you're looking for-- you can't touch that!
But it also at least meant that he respected this enough to not lie about it, and that at least had to mean something.
It doesn't even look like Sherlock. Not really. Everything familiar about him is underneath wet gauze or machines or hurt. The black stitches that twine through his skin, fucking
Sherlock does not respond. He does not give any sign that he is in any way aware of John at all. He just presses back against his corner, panting in whines through clenched teeth, his blue eyes wet, blown wide, and staring at something that is not in this room.
Sherlock stares at him still with those wild, stricken eyes, angry underneath the messy fall of his hair. He bares his teeth when John inches a step closer and jerks backwards, attempting to lash out but managing nothing more than dislodging his own precarious ball. He looks like a cornered, wild animal, injured and caught in a trap and reduced to nothing more than fight or flight.
John's clinks his nails on his tea, and the right thing for Sherlock to do, right then and there, is to shut up.
he wants to reach down into his own throat and tear them out, bleeding and dripping with stomach acid, hold them in his own two hands to scream them to the world at large. He wants to scream at poor Molly until she cries and scream to Mycroft to go
"Hmm. No. He didn't." Mycroft smiled, very slightly. But it barely looked like a smile at all, and he folded his hands behind his back with a look on his face that lowered the room's temperature by ten degrees. "You assumed that he was. And he let that assumption pass without being challenged."
He just... he needed Sherlock to hear it. Not just to realise that what Oscar had done to him had been abuse, he realised, but to hear about his marriage, too. He wanted Sherlock to know because he didn't want to keep secrets. He didn't want to found a relationship,
"I'm so worried about you," John murmurs to him, his voice hushed underneath the spray. He doesn't think Sherlock can hear him at all. He thinks Sherlock is still lost in his own head and that's the only reason he says it, cradling his hair and forehead pressed to his. "You have no idea, do you? You don't think I pay attention but I do. I'm so worried about you but I can't read your mind, Sherlock. I know it's not fair to ask you to do any more than you already are but god, love. What do I do? What... what do you need from me?"
Well. He had defended himself against the baseball bat with John's gun. But that was bit beside the point now, wasn't it?
Because the difference is that Sherlock loves John, and John- well, John is supposed to love Mary. Was supposed to.
Waking up alone next morning, alcohol in his stomach still scarred from surgery, and on his way to a panic attack.
"Yes, it is rude. I was more surprised than anything else, to be quite honest with you. I told her if she tried again, then I'm siccing my guard dog named Sherlock on her." He glances to the closed door of his exam room, making sure there's no one listening in, even as Sherlock silently smirks and shifts and preens, just a little. "How'd you know?"
"I said no!" Sherlock shouted, and just like that, the other shoe fell. The angry, hostile boy from before was back, on the defensive and very, very ready to go on the offensive instead. "I said no, did you hear me? No! I am not doing anything official. I will not be at anyone's beck and call, none of you will be able to tell me what to do, you will be on my time, do you understand me? I don't want to be paid or get credit. You will listen to me when I have something to say and then you will leave me alone." He reeled backwards again, rocking back and forth, starting to pant as his rant turned wild, his eyes manic and glowing in the dark. "I know what you want from me," he spat, "I know it. It's what
What's he supposed to do? Drag him off to a cab? Yeah, sure, that'll end well. Get Lestrade to throw them out? Yeah. Sure. That'll end
He cuts himself off from whatever he's going to say, shaking his head again as he turns away from Sherlock. He rubs his hands together and wraps his arms around himself, but if it hadn't been for the brisk cold, he'd be up and pacing right now.
He wanted to just sit here and hold Sherlock and let Sherlock hold him. Because they'd been through enough, hadn't they? The last week, the last month, the last
"...Hey. Sherlock." God, but carrying this conversation out while in a crowded corridor of a crime scene and holding the lift doors open wasn't exactly a good idea, but they didn't exactly have an alternative, and his concern was well and truly awoken now. "Listen, if you really don't want to take this case--"
For the first time that Sherlock can remember, upon being shot in the chest and left to die, John leaves for the night.
What had Sherlock deduced about him that it had taken John this long to start to accept himself? Had Sherlock deduced men in the military, that had always been assuredly Not Gay as long as it was in the dark and they didn't speak the next day? Had Sherlock deduced John's own attraction to him before John had even realised it himself?
Once again, John couldn't help but smile. "Drink some water and wake up a bit. You'll feel much better." He started towards the kitchen while keeping an eye on Sherlock, making sure he didn't actually keel over to form a new home on the floor. "How much
Why? Why is he doing this? It's only been a couple weeks, and Sherlock's already just throwing in the bloody towel, giving up the fight? He's barely been discharged from hospital, and already he's just shrugging his shoulders, and learning a whole sodding new language rather than fighting for his voice back? This is
Sherlock ducked his face back into his tea, taking a particularly loud sip. He'd gone back to not quite looking at John, stretched back in his armchair and little finger stroking a very quick rhythm along the cup. It wasn't the tremors, this time, but just a habit he'd noticed from Sherlock many years ago. A fidgeting that, ironically, seemed to help him keep still.
He wanted to be at Angelo's. With John. Or nowhere at all. He wanted to be in the flat. With John. And Rosie, with Mrs. Hudson downstairs. He wanted it to be before Mary and Moriarty, where he could just eat takeaway with John and shred that horrible late-night show he watched and it was comfortable and easy and-- and
man. And there'd been a moment, or... or much more than just one... where he'd wanted to kill Mary for it. Where he even might've done it, if she hadn't been carrying their child. His child.
Sherlock stared back at him for several interminable, utterly silent seconds. He said nothing at all. But the look on his face, in that one moment-- the way he looked at John--
John stiffened again. "You just said that I did. You just gave me ten different reasons why Sherlock shouldn't be seeing him."
His mouth moves again. John takes this as a yes and moves quickly, snatching up a cup of ice chips to push even closer, very gently nudging one at his mouth. "Sorry," he murmurs, "no liquids just yet. You don't even know what I'm saying, do you, love? You're high, god. It's okay. Let us take care of you, Sherlock. It's going to be okay."
and he was nearly thirty years old and still couldn't describe a singularly more horrid way to spend an evening. He would genuinely rather be kidnapped and beaten with a tyre iron.
John waited in the silence again, his fingers wound back together in his lap. He couldn't quite look at Ella again, the discomfort of it stuck in his throat. But he knew what was next. It had to be.
And then there were the tidbits about him being sickly and unwell, and Mycroft having to pull strings for him, which... what was
It felt like his chest was caving in. It also felt like Oscar Wilson was in a very immediate danger of having his teeth knocked down his throat.
Then she is out the room and down the stairs, and John is left with a silent Sherlock over his shoulder, who looks considerably better than he has all day.
"And you just let this carry on, then. You knew your little brother was being sexually abused and manipulated and you just let it happen," John snapped. "Because-- what? You didn't want to sully your reputation? You--"
, your responsibility, Sherlock-" he stopped, staring across the room in ever increasing bemusement. "When did you even get this?
"No, I just--" But he was right, of course. Sherlock had gotten clean before, for two, three week stretches, but it was always only ever so Greg would let him in on a case, and with no disguising the fact that he would be sauntering right back into a crackhouse the moment it was done. This was the first time Sherlock had ever said he was trying to actually get clean for good.
Every last one of them is dead. Now, they will never know. Not unless Sherlock is able to impart the information himself.
Seeing that is just about the only thing that allows John to hold his tongue, and stop himself from hauling the sly, procrastinating twat up the wall.
When everything that the morning demands is taken care of, he gets back up to his feet, and returns to face Sherlock.
It wasn't just having Sherlock be so excited and alive for the first time in weeks, though the brightness in his eyes was certainly good to see. It had been weeks since the Culverton Smith case, and months since anything before it. It had been
He coughed and shifted, staring hard at the road. "It's nothing. I'm sure." He offered John a very strained smile, his fingers tapped hard once along the steering wheel. The same sort of strained smile it felt like he'd been getting all fucking day long. "It's--"
"You had an ulcer," John cut in, unable to stop himself. And probably an anxiety disorder, by the sound of it. "Your stomach tissue was irritated and there was nothing you could've done to stop that. Yes, Sherlock, even you."
"That's... somewhat of a non-sequitur." She hesitated, searching for the right words, while John just turned away and returned to staring at his knees. "How did Sherlock's romantic life--"
"John." He drags out each word, enunciated forcibly through gritted teeth. "I'm. Fine." He opens his eyes, and there he is. Lovely, dependable, calm John Watson, his face white in the glow of the monitors, still blinking the sleep out of his baggy eyes.
"All right," Ella at last began, when it finally became clear that John was not going to remember yet another confession of yet another
"That was never--" Oscar stopped and swallowed, clearly made uncomfortable by the continuing silence, the expectation for more. "That was never even a real relationship, you know. Which you didn't want anyway, did you? You were never normal."
Sherlock closes his eyes, forcibly piecing the sentence together in his head, sticking each syllable together and spelling them out under his tongue. John waits above him, still holding his hands, and when the stupid words aren't laughed at it's like another piece is coming unstuck in the dam in his throat. He inhales and he can
His therapist insists that is exactly the point. That speaking, writing, about something that hurt him, and acknowledging that it had hurt him, that he was still hurt by it, is an important step to take. The scars are there whether he acknowledges them or not, but he can't start to truly treat them until he acknowledges that they exist and where they came from.
"John, there is presently nothing that I want more than for you to remain my flatmate. The past several years have been the worst of my life precisely because you were not in it. I don't know how to make it any clearer that my happiness appears to be contingent on your continued existence adjacent to mine, given that I started kipping in a drug den the day you got married, but if you want for me to dictate and sign a statement on it do feel free to let me know."
Ella cleared her throat again, her eyes softening. "It's also natural to be wary of relationships you see in others, John. Sometimes, you might even look at relationships that you see your friends have, be reminded of your own, and see abuse when there is nothing there."
On one hand, John would love to be gentle about this, but on the other, Sherlock is very unwell, and even in this posh place, the doors to the patient bathrooms don't have locks for a reason. He's not going to stand here being kind to a shut door when Sherlock could be bleeding and need attention on the other side.
An awful feeling of rage and grief collecting there inside him, John settles back on his heels, showing Sherlock his hands. "What can I do?" He forces himself to remain still. He needs to make Sherlock feel safe. Everything else comes after this first step. "Tell me what you need me to do. You're safe, Sherlock. We got you out, and you're in hospital. You're okay, or you're going to be, just as soon as you stop bleeding on the floor, love. Okay?" Sherlock blinks again, his glazed eyes jerky and hostile, and John slowly lowers his hands, just an inch closer. "Just tell me what you need from me to prove it to you."
Somewhat unsurprisingly, Sherlock's only answer is to roll his bright blue eyes. He's not taking it seriously, because he doesn't take nearly
John ducks his head back into his hands, suddenly dizzy, and he sits there in this dreadful plastic chair and fights for each breath, and he doesn't want to do this. He can't sit there and look at Sherlock's devastated body and recognise every single thing that's wrong with him. Every single invasive, painful thing this hospital has done to keep him alive. Every single hurt done to him that he knows the fucking textbook on, so he knows how long the recovery is going to take. How much permanent damage there is likely to be. How much it's going to
"I'll be back soon," he murmurs. He can't-- he can't look at Sherlock. It hurts too much to do it so he talks to his hands instead, feeling absolutely
He might have treated Sherlock horribly in the past. Unforgivably, in ways he could never make up for. But one thing that John knew was that he'd
He stares at John, fish-mouthed and dumbstruck, and he swallows nothing air. "You... moved back in."
be grateful for Rosie, but he couldn't be glad for the rest of it any more. He was tired of this dance, he was tired of that look on Sherlock's face, and right now, he was tired of Mary.
Sherlock's deduction, of course, had been spot on. Only a few moments after they'd heard the door open and shut downstairs, Greg appeared, stepping into the flat dressed as if he'd just come in from work. By the time, he was surely still on duty. "John," he started, grinning, "you're here, good," but Sherlock had already straightened up as if electrified.
Sherlock still won't look at him. He's unnaturally still about it, hands utterly motionless in his lap. John put two and two together a long time ago that it hurts him too much to fidget them the way he normally wants to.
He let him go, and looked down at him on the ground-- writhing and pale and pulled back, bleeding from the mouth. Just like Sherlock had been.
Sherlock rolled to face the back of the couch again, bunching his knees close to his chest. Looking at John right now was culminating in an indescribable weight inside his chest, a protective fury and self-loathing disgust and a seething horror that tingled in the very tips of his fingers, the need to snap Moriarty's little neck, and-
When his attending tries to schedule him next for a lumbar puncture to search for another possible culprit, a very painful procedure that carries a small but genuine risk of paralysis, John reverses course, and puts his foot down.
It was simply a fact of life, now. As surely as the grass was green, and the earth went around the sun (or vice versa), Sherlock was going to kill Jim Moriarty.
And he looks particularly gutted when he says it, like he's trying to smile but it's just not working, and Sherlock turns away, shrugging off John's hand. This is not what he wanted to happen tonight. "You're phrasing it unnecessarily charitably. It's not
It takes him a hatefully slow moment to even nudge his brain into understanding what Mycroft is trying to say. When it does click, it's with an uncomfortable heat rising in his cheeks, and he rolls his eyes again, lowering his face to tuck it behind his knees.
Sherlock has found himself an anchor. He breathes easier and slower, his bright eyes still wide and a little startled, but now given a way forward he's finally able to actually think and slow his hands down. He has found an anchor, and it is not in John and Greg, trying their very hardest but ultimately he might as well have been just babbling to a brick wall, but
Sherlock reeled left, then right. He sucked his lower lip in, looking confused and more than that, exhausted. He dropped his hand.
The first punch is lovely, and Sherlock just about preens with delight. The second punch is twice as lovely as the first. He truly loves how
Not in a worrisome way to bring cause for alarm. Not at all. And John, he could tell, was not worried himself. John, in fact, was as perfectly relaxed as could be. He'd come over to Baker Street that evening without Rosie in tow, though Sherlock wasn't sure what the point of the pretense was-- he slept better the nights he stayed over, and 76% of his possessions were already in the flat. Perhaps it was part of what
He would never in his life want to have that. He didn't understand why John wanted it, either, because John did not like boring or mundane things and there was no other word to describe it. But John went on dates anyway and Sherlock hated it, because Sherlock could never do it.
"Well," Francis begins again, very solemn, "as I've said before, the two are closely related. You've already expressed yourself how it is that you lost your voice for him. It only makes sense that he would be a helpful support network now, as you try to recover it."
His experiment notebook is open in his lap, and tucked into it, where John can not see, is a sheet of staff paper.
You just did! Sherlock--" John grabs both of his hands, pushing them down mid-sign to keep his fingers silent. His grin is bigger now and he encourages him again, the shock blossomed into sheer excitement but even more than that,
"If we're going to do this." He felt Sherlock stiffen slightly, the muscles under his hand tensing, and John rubbed his hand down again and leaned his face against his wild hair. "And
John kept his eyes turned away and his mouth shut, something uncomfortable throbbing in his chest. She was right. Once again. Sherlock would do quite literally
He discounted this plan, because Mrs. Hudson probably would actually murder him if he burned down her flat for the sake of an 'experiment'.
A silence settled in the flat, Sherlock cold and perfectly motionless, his face tilted up just enough to look at John. He looked up at him with those wide, vulnerable eyes, his arms still clutched around him and his white face drained, but beat by beat, John saw his walls start to come. He sat there
"No, Sherlock, I mean I'm not meeting you in the lab." She raises an eyebrow, pinning him with a no-nonsense sort of glare. "Not unless John gives the okay."
It's enough for him to squirm back around, frowning at Mycroft sideways. He is of the opinion that Mycroft has much to apologise for, most notably being a Meddling, Nosy Tosser that Meddles. But Mycroft disagrees on that note. So what is it that he thinks he has to apologise for?
Their suspect is not an intelligent or quick-witted man. He is a very dull, vacuous creature, who has every reason to want to run from the police, and enough stupid bravado to try to punch his way out of trouble instead. According to all of Lestrade's dithering back there, they do not currently have enough to arrest him, but Sherlock is confident all the evidence they need is in his flat. All they need to do is to stall him here until it's found.
"Oh, don't look like that, Sherlock," he chided, and patted his arm again. "It's all right. I wouldn't do this with just anyone, you know? I told you-- you're special."
Another spike of frustration stabs through him, joining the nervous twitching already in his hands and knotted in his stomach. He tears on straight through to a clean page, skipping ahead in his head without bothering to even address that first question.
Sherlock tries to sign something. But his hands are shaking and he still can't properly move his left arm, wincing badly every time he tries. John tries to keep his arm still but it's not working, and whatever he wants so badly to say isn't coming out.
He stared into Sherlock's eyes, not letting go, not letting him shy away. Because this was non-negotiable. He meant this and he
"I think it prudent to explain- I was not actually experimenting to determine your obedience, John. Rather, I was relying on it. You see. I wished to... provide you with a proper incentive. So as to not leave. You used to do that quite a lot, if you remember. That is what people, in general, tend to do. I simply presumed I might be able to increase the proportion of your time spent at home if I provided a reason for you to be here. Something that required your attentions, so to speak.
In his mind, that meant calling for takeaway, giving Rosie a kiss goodbye, and swinging over for his shift with food in his lap and ready to give Sherlock a distraction.
he sighed, giving in. Clearly, the cards here were already laid. Sherlock let out a little whoop, clapping his hands and squirming on his feet, and the sight was so ecstatic that even John felt just a little bit lighter. He could never say no to that face. "As long as it's just looking at the scene and talking to witnesses, okay? No running off, or I
, seemingly only to have his back to John. He'd known Sherlock wouldn't be happy to hear it, because it was everything that Sherlock would hate. It was being treated like there was something wrong with him. Something fragile, a broken piece, that needed protecting.
Sherlock kept his smile forcibly arranged, twisted and fake and dragged through molasses. It felt like he was chewing glass. "If you truly insist, then perhaps-"
He didn't have all the pieces yet, but maybe with the set he'd amassed so far, he finally had enough to get Sherlock to give him the rest.
John starts to sit up after him, but Sherlock has not set his sights far away. He paces directly back to his desk and scrawls something, his hand trembling and the script long and loopy, and before John has even gotten all the way up he is back, his eyes red and stricken but piercing. It is Sherlock, and he is back.
He let Sherlock handle the shaving cream, partly because he knew that he could, mostly just to avoid touching his face as much as possible. Sherlock probably could deduce how uncomfortable he was, but for once the genius kept his mouth shut about it. He must have really wanted his face clean. Surely, John could provide at least
and he keeps it out of his voice with every fiber of his being. "Are you with me? It's all right, it's only me. It's John. Take a deep breath, now."
"No, it's about bullet wound, actually." She paused, her mouth twitching a little. "And it maybe is about the heroin too, a little."
He sat forward again, catching himself just in time, but for a bizarre moment wanted to pull Sherlock into a hug. "Wait, really? You actually mean it?"
He's slaughtering a particularly difficult composition of his one morning, testing harmonies and chord progression, with John down at the surgery and London's criminal classes horribly well-behaved. Sherlock tests the theme out once and scowls, tucking his violin against his stomach as he goes for his pen instead. "Should be second position instead of third," he mutters, notating it down. Stupid,
and when John kisses him back it's as if he goes from swimming to drowning. He shrinks underneath his hands, gasping into his mouth and kissing him like this is his last chance and if he doesn't do it now, he'll never be able to do it again.
The pictures themselves are of two men, both older than John, and both very resolutely dead. He's sure there are any number of deductions to be made about who they are and how they got that way, from the bruises on their faces, the short, military hair, the bloody fold of the sheet. John doesn't care. For a perverse moment, he wonders if Mycroft could get an arm or a foot for Sherlock to experiment on to his heart's content.
Sherlock wasn't exactly the sort of distinguished alumnus to often get flattering letters in the mail from his alma mater.
The first thing the evidence suggests is probably that both Sherlock and John need to work on their measures of self-esteem and self-worth, but that's neither here nor there.
"And... actually... there's one more thing, Sherlock. I--" He grinned at the look on Sherlock's face, but it was over something that ached, deep in his stomach. "Almost done, I promise. It's just about something else you said."
"John Watson," he murmurs. Filling the space in his ribs, his lungs, his heart with everything that now fills his arms. "You keep me right."
Oscar did, at least, have the good sense to shut his mouth. He stared up at John with hard eyes and a rapidly swelling lower lip, but he kept his mouth shut, and when he showed that he'd learned to keep his silence, John let him go. He freed the fist in his collar and watched as the man scrambled back, stumbling up to his feet only when he was far enough away to not get struck again.
Sherlock is not exactly up to talking, so John has to watch him, waiting for the light to shift in his eyes. When it finally comes, it's like breaking the surface, oxygen after hours of dust and suffocation, and John beams.
lookit me. I'm so--" he laughed again, still hysterical. "I hate it. I tried to be normal. J'hn said so. He said it was all normal, Mycr, I asked him so and he promised it was. Why? Why would anyone wwwant to feel like this, I-- I
breakdown. Molly had to restrain his hands to stop him from harming himself, and both John and Molly can attest to a temporary break with reality. He knows they'd spent a good few minutes wanting to sedate him. Is this the eventuality that Mycroft has been waiting for, then? Is this his victory text, to precede the delivery of his ultimatum that Sherlock either go to his cushy hellscape of a clinic willingly, or be forced?
With a roll of his eyes, Greg settled back against the wall, playing with where the Belstaff hung just next to him, waiting on a hook. "It's fine," he said, to John, not to Sherlock. "It's just a scene I could use a second pair of eyes at; it'll be safe. But it's a bit of a high-profile case, and we think there was poison involved, too--"
John looks at him, where he sits in his chair. The very picture of who used to be Sherlock Holmes, sorting his way through books and files and articles that only he can see, his staring eyes glinting with excitement as the pieces of a glorious puzzle click together in a way only he can work.
Sherlock's body couldn't handle another relapse. He'd barely survived the last one. If he dosed again...
The inspector coughed twice, seeming torn between wanting to go and wanting to stay. "Right," he said, shifting in palpable discomfort. "Well, you two look... done in. Really. I'll just- pop in tomorrow, then? After you've gotten some sleep?"
He certainly did look better. He wasn't skin and bones anymore, or pasty white, or wilting under greasy hair or watering eyes. He was fully dressed and there was even a bit of product in his hair, and-- why was John noticing that? Why was John thinking about that?
Not just a relationship; he'd once had something with this man, specifically. This well-respected college professor, back when Sherlock had been a grad student.
"I've missed you," John says. He strokes his his hands around him in tight, suffocating hug. "I've missed you. A lot."
He drew himself up to his full height, and tried very hard to look the right way. To arrange his face the way he was supposed to, the way he'd practised in the mirror. Smile. He was supposed to
John reads what Sherlock can not say, and stays just as silent and still with him. He lets Sherlock hold him, he lets Sherlock stand there, and he waits.
But blaming Mycroft wouldn't get them anywhere closer to helping Sherlock. And that was the only thing that mattered.
John winds up catching the flu going around before Sherlock. It's not exactly surprising-- while John gets his flu shot every year, and is in fact required to by his job at the surgery, it can only be so effective when he's exposed to every bloody strain of it from his patients. It comes on quickly and furiously, as the way influenza tends to do. One evening, John frowns at his dinner, just halfway finished and with clumps of rice sticking to his fork, and proclaims that he's just not hungry. The next morning, Sherlock is woken up at half past four by John all but stepping on him to get to the loo in time.
Doesn't John understand that Sherlock is the one who should be sorry? Doesn't John understand that he's already done everything that could've been expected of him and more, and
Mycroft spat, forming the very word as if it was the foulest oath in the world. He looked disgusted. "And if you enjoy your continued existence anywhere remotely near this city, then you will cease
the look on Mycroft's smug face. But right now, all this is about is getting Mycroft the fuck out of this flat. Everything else will wait.
Mycroft is capable, of course. And though he is a smug, arrogant prat, he likes to be smug when Sherlock is present as a captive audience, from one of his ridiculous rooms at the Diogenes. Not at all via text message while Sherlock freezes himself to death twenty steps away from a crack den.
"Sherlock..." John looked back up at him, finally pulled away from his phone by the sting of concern. Whatever excitement and energy there had been in him before had completely evaporated, and he sat in his seat now absolutely still, his jaw clenched and little finger back tapping in his lap. He looked twice as uncomfortable as he'd ever been back in the flat. "Sherlock, what's the matter? You've never said you don't go to Cambridge before."
One of Sherlock's shaking hands lunges to clutch over his. It's ice cold and clammy but it hangs on for dear life. He can't say anything, and John can't make him. This will have to be enough.
He remembers, later, trying to stagger away. He'd barely been in control of his own body but the one thing he'd still known, then, was that he wanted to be alone. He
ever since that visit to Cambridge. Continuing to talk about it now, insisting to John that he had had relationships before, that he was capable of it, that he was still capable of it.
"God, no, he was a horrible student. I never had him myself, to be honest, but I heard the rumors. His brother had to try to pull some strings, to get him to pass, but even that wasn't enough. Nobody liked him back then, he was always a bit odd, you know..."
Sherlock's head bounces in an absentminded nod. It might be a response to John. It might, just as easily, be nothing of the sort, Sherlock having completely tuned him out minutes ago.
He could track down Lestrade, and attempt to sway him towards handing over another case file. Hiding in his office for half an hour would be easy enough.
But this hateful, loathsome tension is still there between them, and John still looks exhausted, and Sherlock still
He went back to the kitchen, going after the stock of ginger ale while deciding what to say. Sherlock had probably already consumed copious amounts of it, but there was no harm in trying-- or, John considered, perhaps he'd not had any at all. For Mrs. Hudson to give him some, he'd have had to do more than grumble at her. Instead, there was only an almost entirely untouched cup of cold tea by his side.
"I'm going to need a science consultant no matter what," John started again. The way his eyes were watching him was very careful, almost wary, but at least he did not let go of Sherlock's hand. "Inorganic chem isn't really a focus in med school and I'm a bit over my head, to tell you the truth. I can find someone else if you'd prefer, but... if you wanted to help me in properly sorting everything, then it'd be really appreciated. I think Oscar's organisational system is worse than yours."
They go to Dartmoor. Sherlock doesn't have a panic attack and send John away. John doesn't miss that he's having a panic attack, and he doesn't let Sherlock send him away. Sherlock doesn't attempt to drug John. Bit Not Good. It's his fault.
It wouldn't have ended badly. Of course it was dangerous; how could it not be? Magnussen isn't the sort of person that can be taken down safely sitting behind a desk. Of course there were ways it could've gone wrong, but it's not as if Sherlock enjoys getting hurt or nearly killed. He plans to try and prevent it, and his plan against Magnussen had been the same.
has the look of someone who has been wide awake for the entire night. There's even the textbook in his lap, the last necessary piece of the all-night cramming puzzle... or it would've been, if John didn't already know that Sherlock's entire existence was the oscillation between all-night cramming and crashing.
He had quite a lot of questions that he wanted to ask her, actually. But once again, John held his tongue, and just kept on smiling.
Sherlock barely glanced up from the documents now spread in his lap. "That was an emergency. None of yours had ink that bled properly. I needed to test... what?"
He had never been called special before-- not once in a voice like that. Freak, faggot, queer, psychopath, weirdo, machine. And, yes,
Which is why John is completely and utterly sandbagged, when one morning Sherlock prances right up to his feet, ducks into his coat, and texts to John one single word:
"Don't use senseless metaphors. There is no cat, and there is no bag." Sherlock frowned at the letter again, unease whispering in his ears. John: keeping a secret from him. With
Mycroft nodded once, his mouth thinning. He did not look remotely happy, but John wasn't exactly looking for happy, here.
There's a loud thump from upstairs. John can only imagine whatever the hell Sherlock's doing up there. Not something that someone who is still meant to be
But John was gone, now, already off to the kitchen to half-fill a glass of water, looking amused and fond and exasperated all at once. Sherlock swallowed down his protest, because while he was still familiarizing himself with John's many expressions, he already knew this particular one very well, and it promised that there was no room for argument.
Oscar sat fully upright, withdrawing his arms from around him. It was an instant relief, but the sensation was short-lived, as he only reached across the scattered papers towards his previously abandoned drink, and the bottle of whiskey next to it.
"Of course," he said, so easily, "of course. You always were a bit of a loner-- couldn't play nice with others." He paused for another moment, clearly piecing together the request in his head.
His features reduced back to ice cold, Sherlock smoothly extricated himself, and turned his back as gracefully as a hungover, sleep-drunk man could look. "I'm going to take a shower," he announced, his affect flat, and strode away without looking back.
tethered to life with an encrypted text message conversation with the world's nosiest prat of a human being, and he can't stand it.
He can't even begrudge him for it. Much. He wants John to be happy, and that- the person he's woken up to in this room, time and time again- he has not been happy. He is tired and grey eyed, living out of a duffel bag with tea in plastic cups and he holds his shoulder when he thinks nobody can see. He tosses and turns at night and when he looks at Sherlock it's as if the sight alone makes him want to vomit.
"Of course I do." He wets his lips again, struggling to swallow. "I told you to move back in, didn't I?"
Francis sets about pouring himself a glass of water, then offering it to Sherlock to do the same. He does, though he's not sure why. He's not going to be doing any talking. Of course. Even as he sits here, imparting his
Dinner. Sherlock hated fancy restaurants. He barely even tolerated dinner. Dinner. With a fucking candle for the table.
Sherlock sat, again, very, very still. His little finger was the only part of him that moved at all, incessant strokes along the mug, up and down, and his wary expression faded to unreadable.
Sherlock looks, and there he is. Curled up loosely in the bed adjacent, the blankets mussed and his mobile under one hand. It's hours into the night, leaving his shirt a wrinkled ruin and his hair a wreck and his face creased from being pressed into the abomination of a pillow. He looks like a doctor. He looks like a wonderful, amazing, dependable friend. He looks like bone-tired, sleeping in a button-down and his belt only half-way undone, his mouth slack and almost drooling for the almost empty coffee resting on the bedside table.
Sherlock hummed again. "It was always a very situational partnership. I left school and started working with Lestrade, and he wound up getting a Nobel Prize. Our paths didn't exactly cross often at that point, and we grew apart."
John wondered if he might be able to call Mycroft back, and let him know that if Oscar Wilson showed up again, then he was just going to have to figure out how to get them another pardon for murder.
He rips John's clothes off two minutes before the police arrive. Lestrade walks in on him dissecting the Semtex vest, wire by wire, and it's not enough. He tears the vest apart down to the threads, until there is nothing but a mountain of fraying green cotton in his arms, and further still; he rips them apart until it is nothing dust, nothing but
wrong. Something specifically with Oscar. He'd thought he was just being jealous, but that wasn't it. That wasn't--
Lestrade joins them, looking almost as exhausted and relieved as Sherlock. The ride here must have been maddening. "Jesus, mate, you gave us a real scare, you know that? You never take a day off, do you?"
Oh, it's definitely not good that that makes him proud, a little, isn't it? He wants to show it off, the same way John sometimes shows him off. Divorced. Because Sherlock is important to John.
Oscar made a small, disparaging noise, the corner of his mouth tight. With his lip still swelling and bleeding, it didn't come out looking all as confident as he probably wanted it to. "As if I would want to," he murmured, which was probably the stupidest, most ill-advised statement anybody had ever said in the history of recorded time. "As I recall, Sherlock was the one who called me."
John's not going to let that go unanswered, of course. John is a good man and a good doctor, and therefore is going to make this into a
"I love you, you ridiculous git," he mutters, exactly as loud as he dares. He settles the bowl down next to him and gently, carefully, lifts Sherlock's hand up beside it. It's long and limp and strong, his fingers dangling like loose puppet strings, fingertips clean and pale. The nails have almost entirely grown back.
He leans closer, not touching him just yet, his hands hovering while he keeps his voice just next to Sherlock's ear. "That's enough. Calm down, now. You're safe here. Safe with John."
"But I do," Sherlock spluttered, his eyes blown wide. "I do. I do. I feel the same. I am--" He reeled to a stop to blink at John, mouth moving silently. He looked like John had just tugged on the hard reset switch in his brain. "But you're not gay."
John kisses him again, his smile imprinting warmth into Sherlock's skin, and when he reels back he's crying. He's
He leads the way right out of the room and from where Sherlock sits silently, cold-eyed but increasingly ashen-faced as his physician had described the risks of what he was ordering Sherlock to sign off to. "Sherlock Holmes is one of the most intelligent, resourceful people on this bloody
They sit on the floor together for a few minutes, John carefully steadying Sherlock while Sherlock looks anywhere but at him. Sherlock, clearly, is in pain, embarrassed, and humiliated. He doesn't want to be here anymore, and all the officers between them and the cars outside are a minefield that he doesn't have it in him to traverse. He still can't seem to bring himself to look at John.
The seconds roll by. A cold sweat breaks out on the back of his neck and his tongue feels swollen to twice its size.
He sits forward, and kisses John. He kisses John with all the force and desperation of a dying man, his hands tangling into his hair and face with a possessiveness that is hungry, that
He also looked absolutely unsurprised, but he supposed this was to be expected-- he'd probably figured him out by the sound of his footsteps alone. "You're here."
Sherlock smirks faintly. He does not move his hands this time, and he doesn't have to. They can all hear what he means, clear as day.
He could speak now. He could clear his throat, and speak up. Give them a way to communicate, when John is obviously too tired to sign or to text. Give John a reason to smile.
This, with John's arms around him, and the heat of his kiss still lingering on his throat, and the look on his face quite possibly the happiest thing that Sherlock will ever see in his entire life, is enough.
"Well, you can't starve yourself, Sherlock." Nevertheless, John was now glad that the takeaway he'd gotten was sandwiches. Something that would keep in Sherlock's fridge for at least a day or two, and that Mrs. Hudson could get out for him when he felt a bit better.
was. Lestrade had given in sometime ago to pillow his head in his arms, half-empty cup of coffee cradled in his hand, to try not to fall asleep at the table.
a smart-mouthed provocateur and a bastard that gives as good as he gets-- but there's a time and a place. Now is not it.
"Oh." No, Sherlock didn't remember. Must've deleted it- obviously; why would he bother to archive something like this? No matter. Irrelevant. "You won't go, obviously. Now we've got a case!"
Sherlock is a cross between incredulous and fuming, and his hands fly now, the keyboard clicks suddenly deafening.
"Sherlock," he started, cutting him off right then and right there, because he couldn't hear this anymore. He moved around to join him on the floor, and he met Sherlock's steady, absolutely beautiful and absolutely cold eyes. He knew him well enough by now to know it was all an act. "Rosie, can you give Sherlock your bee?"
John understood the sentiment. He even agreed with it, a little. No matter how much responsibility he felt over it, Sherlock had still made the choice to relapse. Of course he didn't want Sherlock to be in pain, but maybe the hell that detoxing and withdrawal was would make him think twice the next time.
Silence spreads again. There is nothing but electronic heartbeats, the soft hiss of oxygen, and the even softer drip of medication.
"...Yes. Yes. It's me." Suddenly there was a lump in his throat. With how little he'd been here since Mary had died, he could hardly believe she still looked up at him and could remember
John doesn't hear him, of course. John is not telepathic. Though it would be incredibly convenient if he were.
then just shook his head. Experimental protocol, to be adjusted as needed. He could explain more later, if John wanted to know.
said. Not just about Sherlock, but about himself, too. About being frustrated, and feeling (utterly ludicrously) that he is
John sighed. "Yes." There was no point in trying to hide it. Even in this state, even over the phone, Sherlock was clearly capable of this deduction. "We figured someone should let him know the next time he contacts you he'll get hung for it. And then Mycroft will expatriate him and deport the body to outer Mongolia."
Oscar barely even glanced at him. Now that he'd learned he wasn't going to be able to use Sherlock to boost his reputation anymore, he'd completely flipped the switch, from adoring back to barely disguised disgust. "Hmm," he murmured, and took another sip of his own drink.
not rolling around in Dr. Slug in a Suit's bed. His long, pale back, gleaming with sweat, arcing above the sheets.
If Sherlock had had a knife, or been hopped up on more stimulants than depressants, Greg suddenly got the very strong feeling that he would've found himself knocked to the floor.
"Sherlock, you said you were so scared of what this could be that you would rather be with someone that you can't fucking stand than me. And I know we don't really talk about things like that, but if this is going to work, then I sort of think we bloody well need to talk about that."
Sherlock shrugged. "You said I never had. And it's true that I haven't in a while, but I have. Had relationships, I mean. And sex." He paused for a moment, stroking his long fingers along the table. "Not that there is anything wrong with asexuality. But I'm not asexual, John. I just don't shag idiots."
He leaves the bow in the case, tucking the instrument under his chin to play pizzicato instead. Because John is surely asleep, and he doesn't want to wake John. John and Mrs. Hudson are always telling him to be considerate and not to play in the middle of the night, aren't they? This is the polite thing to do, the normal thing to do.
on Sherlock's face is what makes John's world invert, pulse, and contract down to a needle point of fury.
"He played chess with me when I was in hospital. Before, I mean. While I was... away." It's uncomfortably quiet, and he can feel John's startled eyes on him, even as he refuses to look back. "I was bored and wanted to come home then, too. Sometimes he humored me and let me win."
Sherlock snorted into his tea. His startlingly bright eyes stayed turned away and he switched hands, gripping his tea with the other while he supported the icepack against his face.
It takes a moment, for what Mycroft is truly asking of his brother to register. Once it does, John can hardly believe his ears.
"Come on. I know I'm not as good at it as you, but I know you can suffer through it." But his smile, that wonderful, small little smile that Sherlock would and has done
They're still monitoring the pressure inside his skull. If Sherlock can't keep it under control, they're going to have to start drilling holes in him.
John still tastes faintly of soap, which mind palace John never does, and he's not as demanding as mind palace John. Because it's not what he wants, not at all, but it is what he needs. Sherlock needs this, now, the control of it, and John lets him have it without question.
"That remains to be seen," he sniffed, huddling down even smaller. Perhaps if he looked small and pitiful enough, John would have sympathy after all. "It's
"It's... it's really nothing," Greg said again. But it was a transparent lie and he still wouldn't look at John. He flicked the turn signal and stared hard at the road and
, and grew incredibly hostile when that viewpoint was confronted." He sipped his tea again, looking away. "Believe it or not, John, I was worried about Sherlock. I always worry about him. He just makes it especially hard to express that worry in a productive manner. I timed my visit along with forecasts for a terrible snowstorm, in January-- between the ice and the snow, I would be stuck in Sherlock's room, and Sherlock would be as well. Classes would be cancelled, and he would have nowhere else he could go. He would be forced to have a prolonged conversation with me, with no opportunity for distraction or retreat."
At first, he thought Sherlock had just zoned out-- it wasn't exactly uncommon with him-- and needed just a snap to be pulled back into the room. But the first tug accomplished nothing, and when John did it again, it was like he'd struck him. He reeled back on the balls of his feet, breathing in a stuttery, unsettled wheeze, coming back online with the look of someone who didn't realise he'd ever gone off. "I..."
Then, with a long, sleepy snuffle, he rolled back around to his stomach, nestling his slack face even deeper into the pillow. One limp hand smacked Sherlock right across the face.
If he can do anything that he puts his mind to, then he should have no trouble at all opening his mouth, and talking.
It's an irrefutable fact, though. Sherlock Holmes is completely, utterly, and hopelessly in love with John Watson, and he knew it the second his tablet's screen woke up in the middle of night they took him off his constant infusion of painkillers with a notification for a game of cluedo.
John didn't stop in to visit Dr. Andrews. He was pretty sure he'd well and burned that bridge already.
Sherlock turned slowly back to him, hanger in hand. The shirt on it was, indeed, blue. A faded and worn blue, that looked like a pilfered uniform shirt for a factory worker, and a name tag that said
Like Moriarty's cell, in the deepest basement, he can not delete it. But he can do everything in his power to sequester all that these rooms are, and keep them that way.
: Sherlock Holmes. I don't know what you remember about last night, so that's all that I know to tell you-- I am head over heels in love with you, and I am so sorry it took me so long to tell you." John took another risk, but if he thought about it, it wasn't really a risk at all. He reached out across the table to hold one of Sherlock's hands, just because it was there, just because he
"Come on, Sherlock," he prodded. His fingers had gone cold and John wrapped them up in both of his. "You're telling me you never deduced it?"
Lestrade suggested, with the sort of tone that said it wasn't really a suggestion at all, "John's annoyed because of that article. Remember the one? You two found a woman that had been kidnapped by her husband, and it called you the genius detective and him your bachelor assistant?"
fault, but he couldn't help it anymore. He just couldn't. "That he see a therapist himself? Have a nice chat with one about loving yourself and positive thinking?
John sat in his own chair. His own chair, that was still right here. The armchair that had been set right here, impeding the path to the kitchen, from the day that Mary had shot a coin in a dark and abandoned house while Sherlock bled out for the second time in a week across from her.
John sighs. "As long as you're here, eat something, will you?" He hands Sherlock a styrofoam container of something or other, and now his face is doing that
The other shoe did not drop until midway through April, and Milgram's continued existence in their lives had been boiled down to nothing more than an unavoidable fact.
"My own career was going very well, and I had made connections at Cambridge specifically to watch out for Sherlock. I heard what had happened, and finally intervened. But it was too late. All Sherlock needed to do was show up for his last few weeks of finals, and the school would allow him to graduate with full honors, but he refused to do so. He cleaned out his room the day of the hearing, left a note for both me and the school full of several more choice words, and dropped off the map." Mycroft swallowed uncomfortably, his gaze dropping back down to his lap. "By the time I was able to track him down, it was two months after he was meant to graduate, and he was living with Victor Trevor. Another man nearly twice his age; this time, the one who had introduced him to cocaine. I'm afraid my offers of a government job were somewhat less enticing." He narrowed his pale, angry eyes. "Shortly after I found him, the news broke that Dr. Wilson had published again, this time with a groundbreaking article that was the talk of the entire field. Sherlock was mentioned only as an unnamed undergraduate in the acknowledgements, but it was his work. All of the paper was his work."
John doesn't know how long they sit there on the floor, Sherlock gasping his breaths back underneath control, his wet, miserable face still tilted away. He's embarrassed of it, ashamed, and there's nothing John can do to fix that without calling attention to it in the first place. So he sits there and lets Sherlock hide his face, and he rubs circles into his back and kissed the exposed skin, occasionally, whenever the moment is presented. Warm, chaste kisses pressed to the slope of his neck, the curve of his shoulder. Slowly, bit by bit, Sherlock calms down.
He crouched closer, still, to where he was still sprawled on the pavement. He seemed to have decided staying down was his best chance at not getting hit a fifth time. And he stiffened, when John reached for him again, he flinched away, but all John did was re-grab him by the collar and haul him back up off the round to force him to look. He would look at John. He would meet his eyes. He
," and his nails claw into Sherlock's shoulders when he uses his tongue instead. He scratches him and it is
John's mouth tightened, another awful feeling sinking in his stomach. He shook his head once, unwilling to say it, but then the words just came out anyway. "He doesn't... we haven't even talked about it, actually. But I know he doesn't blame anyone. It wasn't even a relapse, to him. He'll say it was all just for a case."
He was... tired. Of putting himself out there, and-- it ending in him getting pummeled. Every time. Even his friendship with Sherlock. It was tumultuous and terrifying, and he had no way of knowing which phone call would be the one telling him that Sherlock was in hospital, 50/50 chance because of something the mad git had done to himself. If Sherlock would decide to take another purposeful fall off a rooftop, or overdose again, or get himself hit by a car, or whatever the fuck it was that went through his genius brain, usually all on purpose. Which day would be the last.
"Changed my mind, actually. You don't need to call me back, Mycroft. I have your answer right now: I want to be involved. It's my son or daughter, and I want to be involved however I can. But I don't want anything to do with Mary. She tried to kill Sherlock. End of story." John stares at him hard, and no matter how badly Sherlock wants to squirm away, he can't. "Is that enough for your negotiating table, then?"
It's not more dangerous than what he gets up to with Sherlock, though, and the reminder just gives John another reason to frown. Sherlock's going to be more than a bit put out that John won't be there at crime scenes for the next several days.
Sherlock's head hurt, from the inundation of flashing police lights and the wail of sirens. His head hurt, his eyes hurt, and the crash of adrenaline had left him shaky and nauseous for hours in a way that was utterly unforgivable.
"The last few years have been very painful for you, and many of the tragedies were in some respect my fault. It was an understandable--"
He's healthy, too. He's likely healthier than he has ever been since early childhood. He eats regularly, and he sleeps, and though cases still throw a wrench into it all he has a schedule, daily minima, and he tries to stick to it, because Mycroft can go and choke to death on a poisoned cake
Sherlock deigned not to answer, instead letting his gaze just linger on the ceiling, and John, of course- John gave in right away. It hadn't been long at all, but John had already learned to pick his battles, and that the invasion of an extraordinary species of plant into the flat wasn't one worth fighting.
But this time, a letter came, and Sherlock took notice of it just before it made it into a dramatic toss across the flat. Because it stood out. It was heavier than the rest, a large, especially expensive, specially shipped missive. It spoke of an attempted reward from a wealthy client, and to be honest Sherlock would have just gone on to toss it, had it not been for the return address.
The day came to a close with Sherlock set up in an empty conference room at Scotland Yard, joined by Lestrade and surrounded by a sea of diagrams and maps and list, pouring over it all for that one detail that would just make it
No, this-- this was supposed to be about what he'd done to Sherlock. This was supposed to be about everything that he'd done wrong, not... what was this?
"Mycroft," he snaps. He grits his teeth and his heart is pounding so hard it just might burst. "We don't section any bloke with anxiety that thinks therapists are crack pots. It's a traumatising thing, to override a patient's autonomy that severely. It's scary. It's
Sherlock scoffs with his air alone. He draws a line across his throat again, turning his gaze away in disgust with himself; with this whole bloody charade.
A moment later, the door swung shut downstairs, and Sherlock started to glow like a lightbulb just switched on.
"Go home," he agrees. "You'll have one hell of a headache, but you're not going to die. Of this, at least." He gives John a slight smile, and moves forward to give him a hand when he sees John being especially careful about standing up. "Though I'd recommend you stay at home for the rest of the week... especially if this sort of situation is common where you work."
John's eyes are warm and bright, and as much as Sherlock's stomach is a knot, he looks like this is the easiest thing in the world. "You are... the singularly most amazing person I have ever or will ever meet. You make me happier than Mary ever could. I really don't know why you're so determined to not get that, why you're so determined that my happiness has to come at the expense of your own, but this, right here? This is all that I want." His throat jumps and suddenly he's splintering apart, almost desperate as he clutches his hands tighter, like he can't bear to let go. "I'm probably going to want to hit you the next time you lie to me, and we'll probably have a shouting match by this time next week, and whenever you next get hurt, I'm warning you now, it's not going to be pretty, but- I don't
It was low and croaked and pathetic. It was barely more than a leaky whisper, barely audible even to himself. His throat feels strange and he's short of breath and he's not even making any sound now, he's breathing hard and he
look like an idiot flailing, unable to speak. But the point of the matter he still keeps his mouth shut and doesn't even try, and that is his answer.
As the two go on, the pieces click in John's head. Sherlock had been trying to talk about the crime scene, before. That was what he had been trying so hard to say, and so angry and upset that he hadn't been understood.
John held stock still in the silence, and listened to Sherlock over the phone, his breaths still stammering and just this side of fearful. Sherlock was afraid. Sherlock had thrown himself off a rooftop, died on an operating table, and bowed his neck for a serial killer, and
He can't do it. It's been too long after all; he's let it lie for too many months, he's failed, and now he
Sherlock swirls around the crime scene as effervescent as ever, his coat billowing after every step and his curls bouncing in a boyish charm. He looks wide-awake and so excited on a Saturday morning it should, quite frankly, be criminal. It will forever be the oddest parallel for John to experience, because-- because
John's expression flickers for the very first time. That smile, that steady, dependable smile falters, and the cloud that crosses across his face is a popped and deflated balloon.
He has tried. Mycroft gave him the motivation months ago, upon slinking into his flat like the snake he is and using dangerous words like
Sherlock swallowed again, still shifting. He remained entirely unreadable and couldn't have looked more uncomfortable if he'd tried. "Of course," he said, his voice small.
He spins back around, grief stinging in the back of his throat and the rest of him flooded with a sick, black rage. It feels as if his heart weighs a thousand kilograms and with every second the pressure suffocating him ticks up another notch. "You will not
Sherlock sighs deeply, flipping the case back shut. John is right, of course. John is ever and always right. He strokes the heavy case one last time before pushing up to his feet again, swiveling back around to face him. John is watching him, still, warm and smiling and just a little smug, and oh, how Sherlock
He'd checked, after Greg's comment in the car. And he was now at least ninety percent sure that Oscar Wilson wasn't a serial killer.
and they go there even more frequently now. It's just simply easier, to have the owner already not be expectant of Sherlock to speak.
"Bee," Rosie parroted. She blinked up at Sherlock with big, bright eyes, almost as blue as Sherlock's, and thrust her bee into his lap.
he hisses, shoving the paper back. "He can't help you. What were you thinking? You know he can't! Go solve it yourself, for Christ's sake, can't you save one case without his help?!"
Sherlock fills up the space of the room as naturally as he always has, a spectacle that is larger than life. He bounces through the scene, his fingers fluttering to trace the gold trim of the walls, flipping out his pocket magnifier, prodding oh so gently at the remaining painting on the wall, and god, it's incredible.
to what Sherlock was trying to say, until his friend had finally glanced sideways at him with those bright, inscrutable eyes, and asked
"Oh, Sherlock. Lovely boy! For a moment there I thought you'd stood me up!" Oscar smiled at him as if he'd entered with solid gold in his hands, and in just a heartbeat was already on his feet to give him another hug, right there in front of everyone. "So glad that you could make it."
"John!" he cried again. "John, wait, you ought to know-" He squirmed closer to the edge of the bed, fingers wound securely into his sleeve to anchor him into place. "Milgram is-"
He's no good at this. Perhaps he never was to begin with but John used to have the patience to put up with it, and then Sherlock made him watch him step into open air and he doesn't care to bother with it anymore.
But Sherlock abruptly groaned, very loudly, like John had just prodded him right in the bruised chest. "Oh,
It's a nervous habit to work off restless energy but it's also just who he is. He taps his feet and twitches his fingers and strokes his thumbs; Sherlock Holmes does not
his fault-- it wouldn't keep happening if there wasn't something wrong with Sherlock, too. Someone happy and satisfied with their own life wouldn't just keep ending up at the other end of a needle, no matter what his best friend did or had to say about it.
"She was a former assassin that wanted nothing to do with that life anymore. What she wanted was a nice, respectable doctor with 2.5 kids and a white picket fence and who'd host a bloody fucking dinner party every Sunday. She wanted me to be that someone and-- she really didn't care that I wasn't it." He looked flatly at Sherlock, to his narrowed, unreadable eyes, his mouth pressed shut and his face white, like he'd just been made to eat something incredibly sour. "Did you know she hated it when I went out on cases? Even before Rosie was born. I'd be with you for three hours on a Saturday, and when I got back she'd say she hoped I'd had fun on my playdate with the madman, but now it'd be just lovely if I could start on the chores like a grown-up."
Sherlock staggers once, around his shoulder. He reels in place, his kneels buckling, and the look on his ashen face says very clearly that he knows it. He almost look as if he's about to start crying.
"He hit my mum, a lot. And he knew we all hated him, so he drank more. The more he drank, the more he hit her, and the angrier he got. Harry was three years older than me, so I don't really remember any better times-- I've just got my dad being an arsehole, and my mum letting him. Harry would make me hide in her closet if it was really bad. I got a lot of homework done in there."
"I am here," the man said, with an agonising sort of slowness, "to speak to you, John." He drew closer, enunciating each word in a very precise way, like every syllable was the slam of a knife. "Because I would like to find out why
Then he spends the rest of the afternoon in conversation with Mycroft, in figuring out just what the hell they're going to do about Mary.
John kissed him. For one second, two, three. John kissed him for three straight seconds, his hands holding him in place and his mouth soft and hot against his, moving in a way that Sherlock had never experienced before.
Because what would Sherlock do if he didn't extend the invitation? By the looks of him, Greg would probably leave for work in the morning and find him still keeled over on his front step. At the very least, Greg could make sure he had a warm, safe place to sleep tonight, and some biscuits or toast to eat in the morning.
"If you insist." The struggle of rolling onto his other side for an audience actually isn't appealing in the slightest, so Sherlock settles for closing his eyes again instead, with nothing more than a dismissive flick of the wrist. "You're the doctor."
So what had Sherlock been saying yes to, exactly? Casual sex? Maybe when he'd been using? John swallowed again, now trying very hard not to think about a very differently clothed Sherlock, the hoodie and track pants figure he'd found half-asleep on a doss house's mattress with eyes so blue it should've been a crime, but this time with another nameless and faceless junkie in his arms.
As I've said, much of the fic is already written, so updates should come pretty quickly. I will be back soon! (And I posted this chapter at 3:30 AM while sick, so now I've gone back through and fixed up a lot of typos! Sorry about that ;-;)
Sherlock spins around so fast his coat swirls, perked back up as if electrified. The light switch in his head flips back on, his eyes gone bright and locked with John's, a live wire of rough hands and wild hair that bolts to him like a bloody magnet.
Everyone knew that I wasn't special at all, but just the next domino in his ever repeating pattern. Everyone knew. Except me, John." He swallowed hard, and for the very first time, his voice shook. "Victor tried to warn me. I blew him off."
If Sherlock had killed him tonight-- if Sherlock really had stabbed him at that restaurant, then called Mycroft from an alley covered in blood-- John would've understood. He would've understood in a heartbeat and he would've burned the body.
They waste their time now, bickering about how to approach their suspect. If he alerts them that the man is
It's not that it fits all that well. Because it doesn't. Sherlock does not match the typical patient profile, and most of the literature on it is how it presents in children. Because it is most common in
, John, he wants to say; his welfare is immaterial to someone like Magnussen being stopped. He really doesn't care.
"We're at an impasse, I think," he admits reluctantly. He probably shouldn't be saying this to Lestrade, and certainly not at a crime scene. But it's not as if Sherlock cares. It's not as if Sherlock is listening in the slightest. It's not as if Sherlock would give a damn, even if he was
"As it turns out," he went on, "not even Mycroft has all that much pull with the Nobel committee, and this is all a bit... unprecedented. There's really no promises, there. But I talked to someone who said if the story gains traction, if it does really well and public pressure starts up, then maybe there'd be something they could do."
A moment later still, now that he's gone and squandered his fit of pique, he feels rather stupid for it at all. But it's a bit too late to take it back.
John knew, right then and there, with a sinking certainty that sat in his stomach like lead, exactly why Sherlock was out there tonight.
Urgency spikes through John as instantly as a shot of adrenaline, and he bolts up the rest of the stairs, two of the time.
Because he'd relapsed. Sherlock hadn't said so, but it was obvious. His voice was slurring and stumbling over itself, the words sloppy as he lost track of what he was trying to say. Heroin, was John's best guess. Definitely a depressant of some kind.
He didn't know who Sherlock was even trying to fool. John had seen him hankering for a case when buried in a ball of blankets with pneumonia, silently whinging and pouting with a terrible case of laryngitis, and recovering from a gunshot to the chest. A runny nose, headache, and muscle aches wasn't enough to keep Sherlock away from a case. And John had been watching Sherlock all day-- he had none of the above.
" John sighed, "for you. Yes? Christ, it's like getting a child a puppy- you have to take care of him. It. You can't be texting me to come home from work just because you can't be arsed to get up to water it, or, or-
"I suppose that this is just along the line of marginally acceptable, then. Taking, of course, your limited mental faculties into account."
"You still should've done something," he muttered, unable to help himself. "I know, it's Sherlock, he's more of a handful than anyone else in the world, but. He was eighteen, Mycroft."
"I know that you feel your relationship with Mary wasn't abusive," she started gently, when John had finally collected his brain matter off the floor. "She never hit you or Rosie. And after your experience with your own parents and childhood, and what you have with Sherlock-- even all the violent cases you've seen with him-- you don't like giving such a strong label to what you had with Mary. But you have, at least, admitted that by its end, it was a toxic, loveless marriage."
"Well," he spat, when he finally found his voice again. "As lovely as it is to mix business with pleasure. As I've said, I'm not interested in any sort of business partnership, Oscar. So, unless there was something else you wanted to ask me...?"
He drags himself to his feet then, suddenly incensed and he can't possibly say why. He slinks to the kitchen with his cup of tea just to set it down and make noise. A moment later he whacks the bottle of oxycodone to the floor, where it's loud and stupidly dramatic and rolls all the way out of his reach to wait at John's feet.
"...Sherlock, are you trying to tell me you killed our house plant for an experiment and replaced it with a plastic one instead?"
"Oh. Happy experimenting, then." John brushed by his shoulder and gave the plant a mock, affectionate nudge. "Sorry, Milgram. Hopefully you'll survive the amputation procedure."
He also knows that if the boy had had any hand in what his father had done to Sherlock, then he would not currently be enjoying the country's tax dollars in a concrete cell.
His skin crawled and his face was hot and he wanted to fix his belt and re-button his shirt and run from the bloody flat.
"No," Sherlock said again. He inhaled, long and slow, vibrant eyes just barely opened to slits. He stared at the floor through his lashes as if it held the answer to all of life's mysteries, his legs long and stretched, his thin hands interlaced together over his stomach. "The offer is much appreciated, John, but I actually think I'm going to go have a lie down. Catch up on some sleep, like you're always telling me to do. Good luck on the interviews."
He then decides that, rather than continue his excruciating march to expiration due to sheer boredom, what the police need most is a surprise check-in.
he should've started with Molly. What nonsense. He's thinking slow, nowadays, but obviously this is where he should've started. Molly will be easier. Molly is sweet and kind and compassionate, and small and gentle and will be so sickeningly understanding if he fails. Molly will be absolutely fine. Of course he will be able to do this with Molly; how could he ever be afraid of Molly Hooper?
Oscar's smile back did not even waver. Perhaps passive aggressive jibs were the norm, among the typical dysfunctional relationships of today. Indeed, another was quick to return to him, this time around the edges of a sour smile as they now both made to sit down. "You still stand out like a sore thumb. You know, you're supposed to check your coat, Sherlock."
before. With the man smiling at him, renowned and respected expert in his field, offering him privileges and recognition and praise, and telling him he was
The door to their bedroom slams shut. One of the blankets has been robbed from the sofa, and along with it, the textbook on British sign language. The bowl of biscuits, and the remains of tea, have both been left behind.
"She saved your life after nearly taking it from you," he said. Once again, he had to wait to speak until he could wrestle his voice back into something that approached calm. "She... she
There's another thump from upstairs, louder than before. John shares a perturbed look with Lestrade, already heading towards the stairs together, and John doesn't know what he's imagining-- how much trouble can Sherlock really get into alone up there? Tripping over a sofa? He has no idea, but it's just noisy enough that he can tell he needs to get up there.
The evening passes Sherlock by with John watching the news on low volume and typing up the start of this case. The ones that involve celebrities (other than Sherlock) always do fantastically well, and the ad revenue from the blog is starting to be a bit incredible. They're easier to write up nowadays, too; it makes his stomach hurt a bit to admit it, but if he really has to look for the silver lining, it's that he no longer has to ask Sherlock to walk him through his leaps of logic five plus times once a case is over. They're all written down already, step by step for the Yard to follow, and all John has to do is copy them down.
"Wait for what, Mrs. Hudson to come up and see?" Sherlock caught his hand in his hair and pressed his face to his neck again. He was so
Then, he just dropped his head back against the sofa, and the fight drained out of him like a deflated balloon.
He blew out a frustrated sigh, his fingers locked together under his chin. "I am saying that-- who I am is not simply a choice to be difficult. Sometimes it is, because I agree with Mycroft, most of the niceties that I can emulate are a waste of time, but... I am still only capable of emulating them. I don't understand most of them, John, and I will never be... normal."
But the words must be ill-advised, because John suddenly looks like he wants to clank his mug down again, to be loud and angry and shout at Sherlock. He breathes through his nose instead, the vein his neck throbbing- and it seems this night is going to be an unfortunate one after all.
He can't laugh, but it's an incredibly close thing. Sherlock shakes his head again and pushes up, his hands sliding up the strong curve of his back to again find John's face. Imbecile. John Watson is an imbecile.
"Oh, there's not," John agreed, and his smile was now just this edge of dangerous. "You remembered! Perhaps there's no concussion after all."
He'd expected this conversation to be an unpleasant one, at least. He'd already predicted his first night home might very well end in John going for a walk that lasts until morning. Unfortunate, yes.
Sherlock," he snapped, and it came out with more force than intended, but he had to say this. "You don't. You really don't. And it's... okay, I get that neither of us want to talk about this, but we have to. I should've said this days ago and maybe it doesn't bother you, but it bothers me. All right?"
He might not have been as good at this as Sherlock, but he'd at least picked up a few things over the years. And one thing that he'd learned was that asking a few questions to a lot of people would get him more answers than staging a full on interrogation to just one. And as irritated at John was coming to be at every single staff member he met here today, what he wanted, more than anything else, was
Sherlock is a very tactile, responsive person. Or, he was. Before... before. Before, he'd loved to just tangle all over John. Oh, it had taken a little while, to wear down his filters and layers of restraint, but once he'd managed to convince Sherlock that wanting affection was something even superhuman geniuses were allowed-- he
John stares up at Sherlock's stricken, furious face, a rock in his stomach. Sherlock can not-- will not-- look back at him. He gulps frantically, his throat jumping as if he desperately wants to defend himself, but can not.
Sherlock relaxes back down very quickly, the hard tension in his face and neck softening away. He melts back under the sheets and John's hand, turning into the pillow with a silent, shivered sort of snuffle.
John tenses. This isn't the time; surely, Mycroft can see that? What about Sherlock right now looks like he's ready for something like this?
He starts to comment derisively, to tell Mycroft that perhaps he ought to just get himself a goldfish. But Mycroft has his back turned before he's halfway through the sentence, back in the kitchen with the flour and the cocaine and the tea, and that means Sherlock is now stuck signing until he's blue in the face, because nobody's listening.
I do not care." John pulls back just enough to meet his eyes, forehead to his. "I don't care if you sound like a blithering idiot for the rest of our lives, I still want to hear it. Sherlock.
Sherlock tempered his formerly wicked grin into one that edged into something softer, and nodded his head back in acceptance.
Sherlock finally unmelted from his block of ice, the tight grip of his fist starting to loosen. "You had another flatmate that walked around in a sheet?"
"Do you-- want to know how you're doing? Your condition?" He squeezes his arm again, trying to hold his gaze. "You're going to be all right, Sherlock."
"No," Mycroft says, with a pointed look. "Perhaps not. That does not mean I don't sorely wish to provide it."
It's not fine. He'd rather Lestrade. Especially not Mycroft. Lestrade is slow and awkward but well-meaning, while Mycroft will be smug and arrogant and hold this over his head for the next century. He doesn't care. He's freezing and what the hell of his pride is there even left to save.
So he sits there, in Barts' morgue, legs crossed at Molly's desk, and he waits for autopsy results that he doesn't even have the slightest bit of interest in. He stares at her from behind as she works hard, her back to him, moving quickly and efficiently and completely oblivious to what he's trying to do behind her.
"If I deduce you, am I deducing traits that I believe you actually exhibit? Or am I detailing out my own personal wish-fulfillment fantasy?"
and in return for not saying as such to the public, I get to use her cottage in Sussex whenever she's not there." He leaned his head back again and massaged deeply at the bridge of his nose, like trying to rub away a building headache. "And for the last time, just because The Woman slept in my bed doesn't mean I slept in hers."
But he eats. He tries. He eats at least twice a day. Rarely a full meal, and certainly never a balanced one, but he tries, damn it, and that's enough for John to be proud of him. Whether the reason for the change is a healthy one or not.
Over and over, the answers were the same. Little tidbits of information that painted out a Sherlock that was familiar and yet not. A picture that was almost right but didn't
Sherlock didn't exactly flee. But he did squirrel backwards in his chair, instantly breaking gazes with John, his little finger starting up again as he looked just about anywhere else that he could. It looked like he'd welcome another explosion on the street, if that was what it took to distract him-- anything other than this.
happened to him, John would've been notified. Besides, the room doesn't look like a patient was wheeled out in a hurry.
John waited back in the sitting room, a tumbler of whiskey in one hand, and his mobile lying silent in the other.
"John," Ella began again, her voice solemn. "I'm sure there are dozens upon dozens of reasons why Sherlock is an addict, and why he relapsed. The same is true for everyone. But, what it has to come down to, is that Sherlock made his choices. Mary did not take his autonomy from him. And you most certainly did not, either. You did not watch him use. You did not prepare the needle for him. You did not hold him down and forcibly inject it against his will." She paused to watch him closely, her words absolutely sincere and without a hint of doubt. "You know that Sherlock taking personal responsibility is very important, in him staying clean. Has he ever expressed that he blames you or Mary for his relapse?"
. John frowned at him from the window whenever he stepped outside for a smoke, ignoring the fact that the only reason he went outside at all was to get away from being stared at like a museum exhibit. John irrecoverably destroyed his entire sock index and didn't even say sorry.
It is as if John has been holding his breath, for a very, very, very long time. For so long that he has forgotten how to breathe at all, and right there, sitting there on the floor together, Sherlock's face blotchy and wet and John's heart cracked in his chest, he has finally let it go.
"It was the first time I'd ever actually said no to him. Said no and stood my ground, at least. He'd always been able to convince me, before. This was the first time it wouldn't work. And when he realised I wouldn't change my mind this time, he wasn't... he." Sherlock shifted, his face settling into something very cold, almost detached. Like he wasn't in the room at all. "He wasn't happy."
Confusion winning out over still festering annoyance, Sherlock turned back, actually looking at John for the first time. "Of course," he said, because he wasn't sure what else to do. "She was not-stupid, and very interesting to talk to. Both those qualities are growing increasingly and supremely rare to find in a person, nowadays."
And you might want to avoid signing until you can fully use both hands. Not that you care, but this is a very easy way to insult someone."
Lestrade is looking at him very closely, but not as if something is wrong. Rather than concerned, he seems bemused, and is in fact even fighting back a small smile. "You keep sniffing over there," he says, waving a hand at him, "you coming down with a cold? Is that why you're here, you're hiding from John?"
you'd be just fine!" The biscuits and his violin are rattled against his side, shifted when she squeezes him in parting and gives him a kiss on the cheek instead. "Does John know?"
If this were a case write-up, then it would not have begun with Sherlock losing his voice in the first place. He would not have stumbled onto this case through sheer serendipity, and then he would not have systematically had his own failure and defeat branded into his own skin. He would not have fashioned a white surrendering flag with his own blood and bits of shattered arm, tearing himself to shreds because he was so terribly
He curls there on the sofa, his legs long and spread akimbo, an octopus that has melted all over the cushions and has no intention of ever moving again. He's a pile of old pajamas and dressing gown topped with the most unsalvageable mess of curls that he has ever seen, and
It's a good thing that Sherlock hadn't taken more than a few droplets of soup, because it takes him this long to finally remember how to swallow.
"Nope, I'm afraid it's just me." John sat down, pulling out his own notes with a perfunctory smile. "Sorry, but you'll have to wait if you want to meet the famous hat detective."
This is not for the reasons John thinks. He is not scared of John. He trusts John. There is not anything or anyone that he could possibly trust more than John Watson, and even with his body hurt the way it is, a newly conditioned response to flinch, his heart palpitating and his skin cold with sweat, he knows John
"Sherlock," John rasps. "Give me a sheet." His hot fingers tug on Sherlock's bare foot and he blinks slowly, the words muddy and tired. "And can you call in to Sarah for me, please? Email. Laptop's on the table. Password is-- what am I saying, you already know my password..."
The detective whirls past them, a hurricane of cotton-cashmere blend as he bounds for the door. John doesn't have any idea what he's missed, but Donovan is jogging along after him, so he can only assume it's something they're all invited on. He hurries to his feet and after the procession, his skin already tingling with the excitement of the case.
"That's incredibly naughty of you," he murmured, allowing himself a wicked grin. Of course he'd been right. He was
"I donotsmell like... do not. Smell like wine. That's you. But. I'llgladlytake- take a showww... shower. With you anyway. You look wonderful. This morning. Shouldget... shouldgetdrunk-- more oft--"
Sherlock grimaced again, still safely facedown, and swallowed the surge of self-loathing back into his throat. Disgust turned into rage, thick and poisonous and coating the inside of his veins like sludge.
"Sherlock, Sherlock, listen to me--" Sherlock clearly does not want John to see his face so he stays behind him instead, but he speaks loudly, giving him no choice but to hear. "Sherlock. I know this all feels extremely overwhelming but you really, really need to slow down. Mycroft is gone and I'm not going anywhere, not unless you want me to, and Mycroft's
get to use him to get me out of any conference concerning trauma or emergency medicine," John finished, a small smile playing at his lips. "And yes. I did water him before I came here."
Sherlock clearly wasn't up to anything more and John didn't want to be either. He didn't want anything other than this right here.
Francis Miller, Sherlock determines viciously, is a crackpot and a fraud. He is a worthless quack of a doctor, the same as all therapists, who has given Sherlock nothing but empty words and the advice to try expressing himself through his violin, as if he has not already
"It's okay," he promises, a stern grip on his arm. "Come on, over here. Another deep breath, Sherlock; with me. That's it. Perfect..."
"Everyone knew what Oscar was. The entire student body knew, and most of the faculty at least recognised him as an incompetent scientist that slapped his name on others' work. But the rumors of what he did with students were... everyone
Sherlock tugs on his hand, reeling John back in. He hates it, but he has to wait, still. Wait for John to be looking at him, his eyes creased with concern and his the corner of his mouth tight the way it is when he wants to punch someone. Tight and worn and very kissable.
John closed his eyes for a moment, swallowing in a deeper breath. He'd never felt more awful in his life. "I meant to," he rushed out, because it was
picked up on, only to internalise them in the worst ways possible. The helplessness Sherlock must feel entirely on his own. What John has already realised this morning, that it has been
Because there is an infinite spectrum of the things that he loves the most about John Watson. But there is absolutely nothing comparable to the swell of pure glee that blossoms right in his stomach as he watches John swivel back around, pull himself up to his full height in defense of Sherlock's very non-existent honor, and throw the first punch.
The poor receptionist flinches back, so startled she nearly tips her chair to the ground. She jerks backwards with her hand off the panic button, gone the same color as the walls and her voice squeaked a full octave higher. "Nothing! Nothing, I wasn't, I swear I wasn't--"
Sherlock waits on the edge of the bed. Rather than trying to wrangle him into proper street clothes that they'll only have to then fight him right out of-- because he is not going anywhere but straight home to bed, John will make sure of that-- he just huddles in the same pajamas he's worn his entire stay here, looking awkward and small. The Belstaff is buttoned up to his throat, empty left sleeve sitting in his lap on top of the remains of the muffins from Mrs. Hudson's last visit.
Even if a relationship with Sherlock was possible, which it wasn't, and even if he'd be good for Sherlock, which he wasn't-- John wasn't so sure it was what he wanted. Not right now.
The razor kept Sherlock silent, which John was now extremely grateful for. Perhaps he'd finally found the magic ingredient to getting Sherlock to be quiet, and it was holding a sharp blade flush against the delicate skin of his face. He swallowed again, staring very hard at Sherlock's cheek rather than the two aqua eyes that tracked his every movement like a hawk.
Sherlock shakes his head. The threads of the blanket stretch and bunch between his knees, one in particular that is long and fraying.
So does Sherlock. But, the Work requires sacrifices. There will always be more form-fitting purple shirts.
Sherlock is drugged out of his mind. Even if he did wake up, he wouldn't have been able to get far, and the windows in these patient rooms don't open. Meanwhile, Mycroft's security is invisible and worth their money: nobody could've attacked him in his hospital room, and Sherlock could not have gotten up and wandered away.
Sherlock shrugged, still avoiding John's gaze. He folded his arms to glower across the room, both as if something over in the kitchen had personally offended him and John did not even exist. "A few days."
"Sherlock Holmes," he parroted, his eyebrows raised. A beat of silence passed between them, and Sherlock could tell he was being silently examined. Silently
No matter how much Sherlock hated it, he wasn't ready to start another relationship right now. He especially wasn't ready to start one with John.
Mycroft gave him another pointed look, one eyebrow raised. "You know what they say about assumptions, John."
He could lean in and kiss Sherlock. It would be the easiest thing in the world. His skin was warm and his eyes were bright and he was
John wants to hold him. He wants to hit something, he wants to hide under the blankets with him and keep him safe from the entire rest of the world; he wants to shove those tiny little gasps he's making back down into his throat because that's
One of Sherlock's legs kicks, straining against the blanket. His face is pale and nervous and his mouth moves frantically, stumbling over something very rapidly, but no sound comes out.
It wasn't a nightmare. It wasn't a night terror. He wakes, and his heart isn't even elevated- he hears it in the blasted monitor, still pealing away just above his left ear.
"All right," Francis continues, settling back in his chair. "John is still unhappy, then. What about you? Do you feel any better, after explaining everything to John?"
Sherlock lowered his hands. He looked no more put together than before, quite frankly, but Greg wasn't sure even Sherlock could manage to look put together, with his hair a muddy bird's nest and his clothes the sodding wreck that they were. "As it--" he started, then cleared his throat, working something questionable and shuddering out of his voice. "As it so happens, actually. That's why I'm here."
Sherlock unleashed another stream of unholy grumbling into the pillow, but he conceded with John's instruction easily enough, stretching around and out of his ball. He breathed a little bit deeper when his torso had the support, the strain in his jaw easing, but of course made no comment on it. John, well aware of just exactly
John has only been left waiting for a little over two hours when he hears the physician stop outside his room to wash off his hands. He immediately starts to sit up, still holding a hand to his head and swallowing nausea back behind clenched teeth, and has just made it all the way up when his attending enters the room.
John got to Baker Street with the dry pang of a hangover in the back of his eyes and throat, his heart anxious in his chest, and every step up the seventeen stairs steady.
"And friend," John overrides. He smiles that glorious, cold as ice, John Watson smile. "It's a pleasure to meet you.
He wasn't a baby, he was an adult, god have mercy on anyone stupid enough to try something like that with him-- I don't even know what I think could've happened, but I'm worried about it anyway!"
they got married, they moved out, they moved on, they lived a normal life. And he's only starting to fully grasp the mountainous depths, of just how deeply he'd hurt John, but Sherlock does understand what it's like to be hurt, now- and he understands how being so desperately hurt transforms into that breathless need for something
He doesn't remember much of that night. A consequence of very purposefully drinking too much, too quickly. What Sherlock does remember is violently vomiting and gulping air, locked doors fallen open in the palace and gut-wrenching boxes spilling all over the floors. And John, of course.
he screamed, right in Greg's face. He panted and flushed bright red and stared at him with glittering, mad eyes, and then it was another switch flipped and he suddenly twisted back into himself, folded up like a pretzel and covering his face and breathing so hard it sounded like he was a running a sprint. A sprint away from Greg, away from everything, far away from everything.
he starts to sign, because John at least can understand at least that much. Even while obstructed by thick gloves and stiff fingers, everybody can translate the circle and three fingers pointing up as
Then the wire connects, and it's like a lightbulb being twisted all the way in. It's small and restrained and almost sweet, for a smart-mouthed genius that had probably been one more comment away from flipping him off, but what he looks up at him with then is a smile. It takes everything John has to not give in right then and there, and sink down on the couch to hug him.
Next up, Sherlock and John are going to try a thing called "communication" and "an actual conversation". Novel, I know. It'll (hopefully) be great ^_^
