He saw the relief break over Steve's face. The elevator binged and the doors opened at Tony's level. He stepped out.
“Fine, I'll ask out Captain fucking America, only to be rejected and make everything awkward for everyone,” he said snappily. “Happy now?”
Tony looked at him in silence for a moment, “You didn't think I liked you? Wow, you must be the most oblivious person on the planet!” They both chuckled, “I thought asking you out would just end up with you awkwardly avoiding me forever.”
Tony continued to move vast amounts of text across the screen, “Everything in here is of interest to me.”
Steve sighed and stopped pacing, leaning against a worktop, “So you didn't get that far.” He paused, trying to figure out how to explain what had happened. “Have you ever heard of the Winter Soldier?”
“Thank God, thank god, thank god,” he whispered, before feeling Tony start to return the hug. A few seconds later Steve let go and held Tony by his shoulders so he could look at him. His eyes were bloodshot and puffy, his lips cracked and his fingers were bloody where the skin had been worried at.
They spent the rest of the night talking and laughing. Steve told Tony some of his funnier stories from his time with The Howling Commandos while Tony told of his tamer escapades at MIT, including the creation of DUM-E.
Steve recognised Tony's attempt to lighten the burden, to move away from the pain that threatened to swallow them both. He appreciated it. “It was fine. I don't really have anywhere to stay now though. To be honest, it was lonely. I mean, I saw Natasha all the time, but every day it was back to my same empty apartment. I'm looking for somewhere else to stay now, try and rebuild everything again.” Steve's chest hurt as he voiced that. Once again he had to start over.
Steve visibly relaxed as he padded along to the lab. When he arrived he saw Tony with a huge grin on his face turn to face him.
“Ahhhh, Black Widow,” came Doom’s voice. “You really think I would have let you catch me so easily?”
“I don't feel the cold much after, ya know,” Steve replied. “Besides, you must be overheating pretty badly in all your layers!”
Steve was working out in the gym, throwing himself into his punching bag like it was the last thing left on earth. His head and his heart were spinning. Bruce's comment had left a maelstrom of emotions in it's wake, as Steve tried to figure out if it was remotely possible that Tony Stark, genius billionaire playboy philanthropist, could possibly be interested in him. He didn't know what to do, whether he should go and find Tony right now or let himself try to work out his feelings, or wait for Tony to make a move. If he did feel that way at all.
Tony’s grin made it worth it. “Ok,” he said, standing back a few steps, “See, I’m being careful!” He was holding a button on a wire in his hand. Steve stuck his tongue out at the tease. “Three, two, one.” Tony pushed the button.
He walked round to the other side of the bed as Tony laid down again, kicked off his sneakers and climbed in under the comforter. He moved to lie behind Tony, wrapping an arm around the smaller man. He felt Tony relax and soon his breathing became deep and regular, while Steve lay still, his head on the pillow, his mind racing.
“As a matter of fact, more than ok,” Tony said, moving around the work bench to stand beside something small and technological looking, his expression puppy-like with excitement. He picked up the object, “I made you something.”
Steve could hear Tony before he saw him, hearing his half of a conversation from the room. He opened the door to find Tony talking into his earpiece and wriggling in a chair.
“I’m the only one here who can get near this thing without getting roasted like a Thanksgiving turkey, so no dice.”
Tony laughed a crackle that sounded painful, “What, didn’t you get my postcards?” Tony lifted an arm and Steve saw what he was holding, “And I kept my trusty safety goggles with me on your command.”
Bruce moved between his different experiments, occasionally glancing up at Steve. He asked a few leading questions about the battle, trying to get Steve to open up.
Doom laughed from his position atop the Space Needle, “Without your Iron Man you are nothing!” he boomed through the speakers.
The woman looked at him and started to rummage in her bag, “Sure.” Was she making eyes at him? He took her distraction as an opportunity to slide a card in the kid's hand, and used a sharpie to write out another number quickly. He closed the child's hand around it and motioned for him to put it in his pocket. As the mother was making frustrated noises he whispered to the boy, “Those are numbers where people can help you if you ever need it, and my number so if you ever need me or the Avengers you can call me right up and we'll come and get you."
Steve looked down at him and they kissed, gently at first but before he knew what was going on Steve found himself pressing Tony against the wall of the shower as Tony's lips parted for his tongue, all heavy breathing and desperate feeling. Tony slid down to kneel in front him.
Tony jumped, noticing Steve there for the first time. He scrambled to find his shirt, facing Steve the entire time. His hand found the black material and he quickly pulled it down over his head.
He drew his knees in against his chest to block his view of the reactor, his mind instead changing to his team. He wondered how they were doing, what they were getting up to. If they were even looking for him. If there was any chance of them ever finding him. He had disappeared using an unknown device, he had no phone, no suit, there was nothing to tell them where he could be. For all they knew he could have ended up at the bottom of the Marianas Trench or the summit of Olympus Mons. His last vision of Steve broke through. He’d seen his face change, a look of panic coming across it, a lurch as he began to leave his seat, he’d heard the start of a scream and then he’d disappeared. The portal or whatever it was must have opened up behind him, Steve seeing it before Tony could react.  It felt like a fist was squeezing his stomach as he thought about how Steve would have been left in the lab alone, with no idea what had happened, trying to find some way to bring him back.
“Don't tell anyone, please,” Tony murmured, Steve again feeling privileged that he was trusted enough to see Tony's innermost feelings.
That night Tony slept soundly for the first time in a long time, pulled in to Steve's chest warmly and safely, without his shirt.
was blazoned across the newspaper, bold and accusing. Steve muttered to himself as he walked past, a cap pulled low over his face to try and keep free of the stares that usually followed him. He knew it wouldn’t be long until the press really started to ratchet the story up. Tony had missed missions before, most of them had, but the press would latch on to anything. When Tony failed to appear next time, it would become a frenzy. They didn’t know it had been a month since he’d disappeared, but it probably wouldn’t take them all that long to realise there hadn’t been any paparazzi shots across the gossip blogs or leaks of potential business talks for longer than normal. His expression darkened as he jammed his hands deeper into his pockets, shoulders hunched up. Was this how Howard had felt when he’d gone missing? Did he have to deal with reminders every step of the way to their favourite lunch place? Had he ever been able to eat fondue again? The Howard Tony had known growing up certainly sounded like a different man from the person he’d considered a friend. Had his disappearance played some part in that?
“God Steve, that uniform needs to come out more often,” he murmured under his breath, causing Steve to go a delightful shade of scarlet.
Natasha looked at him. “You're not as good an actor was you think Stark.” She crossed her arms. “And besides, if you think you've fooled anyone with your pining over Steve then you're stupider than we all thought.”
Every time Cap went to ask Iron Man a question or ask for an update he felt a fist squeeze his heart painfully. He clenched his teeth and pushed the thought of Tony lost and alone from his mind as he rounded and slammed the edge of his shield into a bot, causing sparks to fly as it dropped to the ground.
"Apologies accepted, right now, I want to show you how much I love being your Omega." Steve winked then climbed onto the sofa, straddling Tony's legs, being mindful of his pregnant belly. He ground down, slowly, soliciting a low moan from the Alpha as their cocks brushed against each other. Steve knew they were moving way to fast, and that they both should talk first before jumping each other's bones... but it had been such a long time
"How is it, Pep?" Tony called out through the walkie-talkie, as he adjusted the hidden camera until it was pointing at Morgan's crib. After finishing the outside of the house, both Rhodey and Tony agreed on working on Morgan's room before the two of them called it quit and continued their work tomorrow.
Fury stayed silent, looking at his coffee mug with a thoughtful look as if he was trying to string his thoughts in one line, trying to separate them to get the right answers for the questions Tony was throwing back and forth. "I don't really know what to say… thirty years have passed, and I think nearly everyone here forgot the real Steven Rogers and replaced his ideals with that…
It was only a few minutes before the winds calm down, not that Tony was paying attention because he was grumbling about idiotic blonds and them not respecting the workstation; with all of his grumbling, Tony didn't notice the person who was sitting on the sofa in the corner of the room studying him, it was after that he turned to search for Rogers he found the person gazing at him with bored eyes.
The breath left his body, and he felt like he was going to pass out any minute now, he felt like the room was getting smaller and smaller and he was stuck in here with no way out. His breath hitches and he felt the tears he couldn't control anymore slid down his face.
"You… what are you doing here! This is not an elevator for the public or employees!" The Beta woman squeaked which Steve ignored as he saw that there were only a few buttons in the lift but he didn't know where that fucker Stark was, maybe he shouldn't have ditched that fucker who brought him here. "J.A.R.V.I.S. do something!" The woman snapped which Steve ignored completely as he taps his foot on the ground, sending the man and woman a glare.
"So, are you ready to talk…?" Steve said waiting for Stane to say something when there was nothing but a silence Steve smiled happily making Stane's blood run cold at the dark and happy smile. "You know, there are a lot of prisons that would love to have a fresh face like you… your
"How can you do this?" Bucky snapped when he finally reached Steve, his body was shaking as if he was trying to stop himself from jumping Steve and holding him tightly in his arms. "We searched everywhere for you, we thought something bad had happened, it was only thanks to an elderly man we managed to find you! How did you even reach Central Park? You should be in the hospital recovering, not give us heart attacks you punk!" Bucky snapped, breathing harshly as he tried to calm himself, before starting to scream once more.
"When I was home, she was all smiling and happy, acting like nothing was wrong in the world… but it was when I was away that was the problem… she thought that I stopped loving her after having Peter… so she had to teach the boy a lesson… that was her excuse... she always knew how to get in someone's head… probably the reason I didn't find any suspicious bruising on Peter…" Tony shook at that, his lips wobbled at the thought of his Peter being abused like that, he opened his mouth to order the Alpha to stop but his words got stuck in his own throat. "I start getting suspicious when Peter started acting different, he started jumping and shaking every time I took him outside. So, one day I decided to come home early… I was thankful I did… because it seemed that day Peggy snapped… she snapped and I found her choking Peter in his room…" Steve shook as he said those words closing the album in Tony's hands.
"Stop!" A dominating voice ordered him, causing Steven's body to freeze in terror, his Omega that was silent ever since he lost the babe in his belly shiver in terror; it had been years since Steven was affected by an Alpha growl, no Alpha was strong enough to control him. this voice though, this dominating voice that made terror crawl through Steven's spin made the Omega whine in Steven's mind, his breath stopping as he waited for the Alpha's next move. "Breath, calm down, breath…" The voice ordered more gently now than it was before, causing Steven to stutter as he took in his next breath.
"Papa is waiting for us downstairs, baby, so let's hurry and brush our teeth." Tony said after he washed his and Peter's face, brushing his teeth fast then turning to Peter, who was standing on a stool to reach the sink, brushing his teeth with his strawberry paste. After freshening up, Tony carried his now awaken pup, hearing the boy chattering excitedly about yesterday, which made the Omega's smile widen even more at that as he nodded his head with a serious expression on his face, causing his baby to go on and own about his want of going to the zoo once again.
Steve will admit that he was a little jealous; jealous of Tony, Peter, Peggy, Bucky, Thor, everyone! He was so jealous of how they could sleep whenever they like and still wake up in the morning or any time they liked. Not like Steve, who can't stay awake when the sun rises and show him its face.
"What about you?" Harley's voice cracked as he whispered these words, the three of them flinching when they heard something breaking down the hallway, causing Tony's heart to drop as he rushed to pull Peter and Harley toward the window.
For as long as he can remember, Tony Stark had everything he ever wanted in his life… everything but his parents' love… Tony tried to adjust after all his parents didn't matter… that's what he tried to convince himself half of the time… but it doesn't matter! He had Aunt Peggy and her mate, Jarvis, and Dummy! (His greatest creation) and he may also have a small (Huge) crush on Captain America… well, the idea of him anyway for the man had long since died sacrificing himself most heroically. Still, half of the teens in America have a crush on Captain America, so Tony still thinks his crush was justified and will go in the end… still, that didn't stop him from running down the stairs like the hounds of hell after him if he knew aunt Peggy was coming over, after all, she was the only person who will take the time out of her busy schedule to amuse him with the Captain's stories. Howard's face always goes blank at the mention of the Captain and he leaves the room most of the time… Anyway, Tony's life may not have been perfect, but for him it was good… as long as he stays away from his father and is left alone in his lab… well his father's, but that was another story.
The hope Bucky saw in Tony's eyes made him swallow and get his phone out, he had taken a few pictures of the pup sending them to his family, telling them about him finally finding their Stevie which made his family go into uproar nearly driving to Steve's house to see him if Bucky didn't calm them down. "Here, that's him." Bucky said as he handed the phone, it was on a picture of Steve holding the pup to his chest, both of them smiling a little at the camera. "His name…" Tony's choked gasp made Bucky stop and look at the Alpha's whose breath was hitching.
It seemed to take a moment or two for Tony to catch on, but once the realization hit, he gave Steve a small smile, causing the Omega's heart to pound uncontrollably in his chest. "Of course I meant it, Steve…" Tony smiled, standing from his chair and walked toward Steve standing before him; an action that nearly made the Omega jump from his place in happiness. "I know I haven't been here these past few months as I should… that is why I…" Tony started, but Steve didn't let his husband finish.
"I know, bambino, I know, and I'm so, so sorry for not showing up yesterday when I promised I would, but something came up and I couldn't leave the team no matter how much I wanted." Tony said as he let go of his son, taking a few tissues from the nightstand and wiping the boy's face clean, taking another site of clean tissues and making the boy blow his nose when the Alpha nodded his head for him to do it.
"We got a divorce and I got a restraining order against her, told her I never wanted to see her again unless she got the treatment needed. Th- the last thing I heard about her was from her sister as she told me that Peggy started getting the therapy she needed…" Steve's voice was tired and drained as he said those words, hollow, and it made Tony close his eyes tightly and open them looking at the Alpha's eyes seeing the pain and guilt swimming in them.
It took only a few seconds before Steve remembered where he had seen that raccoon before, and when he did all the tension left his body and his lips twitched down. "Cool! Steve, look! A talking raccoon! Can I keep it?" Peter asked, his eyes sparkling as they fell on the raccoon holding a gun, ignoring the fact that they were the target of the raccoon with the gun… kids.
"Thank you… though I don't think it would have been necessary." Steve gave the Alpha a soft look, walking a little faster to reach his baby's room, already getting excited at the thought of seeing his boy after so long. Reaching his baby's room Steve's grin widens as he opened the door, only to be greeted by the cute sight of Bucky reading a bedtime story to his babe, who was pouting and refusing to go to sleep.
When Tony saw no one in the hall he was in, he turned to the door, Tony's breath hitched when he noticed that the door wasn't locked; this was a trick, Tony was sure, after all, no one wanted their secret to be exposed, least of all this town, Tony was sure this was a trick to expose and catch him, after all, who will put the DIY section near the archives? Tony paused, looking at his daughter, his baby was sleeping contently, unaware of the horror that was stalking them, trying to sink its claws in.
The man let out a tired sigh when he reached the kitchen, opening the fridge and taking a bottle of water, drinking half of it on his way back to bed, letting out a tired sigh as he looked around the place with sleepy blue eyes, wondering what was the reason for the loud noise that awoken him.
"Can you tell me about Peter?" Tony ends up saying which made the Omega look at Tony, and the Alpha had to stop his rumble of pride when he saw a small smile taking over Steve's face…
"No, everything is fine, just work-related stuff. I'm going for a little while Becca, can you guys manage by your own for a little?" Steve asked which made the Alpha pause a little sending a glare toward the man before nodding her head, which made Steve smile at her as he wore his black running shoes and took his keys and wallet. "Good. You fuck face, move it and give me the letter!" Steve snapped as he pushed the Alpha after snatching the letter ignoring the small growl the Alpha gave, but he followed him anyway and pointed to the black car he wanted Steve to ride in, all the while trying to ignore the Omega's glare that was making him uncomfortable.
Tony opened the penthouse door and closes it behind him, sighing happily at being in the apartment. When Tony entered his living room, he froze as he saw his father sitting on the couch, with one of the baby's books in his hands. "When were you going to tell me?" Howard asked after a little while of silence.
"No! No, no, no, no! Tell me how to make the armor and I will let go!" Tony starts tugging at Steve, a devilish idea came over him, a plan to take revenge on Steve for treating him like shit the first time the met forming. Taking a deep breath, Tony could only give a grin full of smugness before he starts tickling Steve mercilessly, gaining a squeak and a shriek from the star.
Reaching the stairs, Tony froze in his place when he glimpses someone walking near the stairs, brawling the first floor before they no doubt reach the second floor; now with panic followed by adrenaline, Tony rushed toward his babies his breath hitching as he tried to stay calm and not tip whoever was inside that he was aware of them being here.
He remembered gazing at the boy with shock, the small boy was no older than ten, and his heart starts pounding in his chest like it was about to claw out of his chest, the boy was not like Anton, but he was Anton, his aura said so, instead of the blue eyes Anton had, the boy's orbs were brown as was his hair, and his skin was tan, he should leave him, he knows that he should look the other way and never gaze at the boy again, ignoring him, but he couldn't this was Anton, his beloved.
"I would," Tony answered coldly, his cold tone causing Natasha to recoil back, shock and disbelieve coloring her face. "I would let her die, do you know why? Because then it meant she died a human, it meant she won't become whatever Rogers become. Unfortunately, you were too stupid to realize that Rogers gave Stevie an honorable death as a human and not turn him into something that you consider a monster." Tony turned his face away from Natasha, ignoring how pale her face was becoming when the realization finally painted her face. "I have nowhere else to go, you know that, right? My father is finally catching up to me; he did something to Rhodey and Pepper, and now I am just a sitting duck waiting for him to fine and take my daughter away… I can't stay, I can't leave… I know the safest place for Morgan is here, and maybe, maybe it would be years before my father catches up to me, enough time for me to come up with a backup plan… go tell Peggy I am not forgiving you, that me staying here is only for my daughter's sake, and that I better not see you around my property uninvited." Tony stood up from the swing, ignoring Natasha as he went inside his house, closing the door behind him, still thinking about what Natasha told him…
"You will continue to hate me for his death no matter what I do, is that it?" The king asked, and Steven wanted to scream yes; he wanted to growl and snarls and hisses at the king, he wanted to tell him how much he hates him and how much he wished for Hela to descend on earth and take him… but for a second, just for a second, Steven decided to think over the king's question and decide his answer.
Reaching the garden Tony gave a relieved sigh as he stretched a little, only to freeze in place when he saw rows after rows of tiny graves. Tony could do nothing but hold onto his screams when he saw that his precious gardens were destroyed, white roses were painted red with blood, while the other flora type he had were burned to dust, the fruit trees in his backyard were leafless and dark like coal, with crows standing in rows on their branches, cawing as they gazed at Tony with beady eyes like they were getting ready for a meal.
Steve read and reread the message ten times, a sick feeling in his stomach that nearly made him throw up, he looked at the claw… Dum-E, then he looked at the door, only to see the door and the surrounded walls were full of scratches and small holes… nearly five years ago, the time the AI mentioned… it was the time of Tony's kidnapping… and Dum-E here, Dum-E tried to save his creator… while all Steve did was take a nap in the arctic… "I don't know JARVIS…" Steve replied, not taking his eyes off of Dum-E… This was his entire fault…
… Tony rolled his eyes; from the corner of his eye he can see Angie trying to stiff her laughter, Aunt Peggy was shaking her head at that waving to Jarvis to pour her more wine.
Tony gave a small laugh at that and bite his lower lip to stop the smile from widening any farther than it already was, he then stood up to plug his phone in the charger, yawning as he gets ready to bed. Tony sighed happily as he laid gently on the bed, pulling the blanket over him and snuggling into his pillow, smiling all the way as sleep start taking over him… tomorrow was going to be a good day, he can feel it.
P.S:- The Yoga scene's kiss was inspired by art that my friend showed to me; many thanks and kisses to the artist who draw that picture and the person who commissioned it, you are both amazing!!!
"No, brother Clint you do not understand; luck existed that is true, but the amount of luck Brother Stark has is not normal, it is caused by magic; a star's magic to be certain." Thor explained, causing Tony to shiver in displease, he hates magic and everything related to it, and to think that his dumb luck is caused by magic? He doesn't know if it's the best or the worse news he heard. "When a star gaze upon a being, it is considered a great honor, because not only it meant that the being the star are gazing upon will be protected, it also meant that some of the Ancient One's luck will rub into them, giving them protection and fortune. The proof that the Ancient One has been looking after brother Stark for a long time, is that only he can see his lucky star with the naked eye, no other being can see it because they do not have the star's blessing like brother Stark and his son's do… it's amazing, you are the first person I see from the Midgard realm who held a star's blessing, all of the ones who held it are living in Asgard." Thor stated, his eyes never leaving Tony and Peter, pride and happiness shining in them.
Such a stupid question, an absurd one if Tony heard any… a question that Tony didn't know how to answer, and regretted not answering; Tony wondered if Rogers turned into a monster because of him, because of the question that went unanswered the day of his death. Tony wondered if he was going to lose his mind, trying desperately to find some kind of logical conclusion to a problem that not even science knew how to solve.
Tony couldn't help but mewl softly as his husband kept him keening and arched his body with every powerful thrust. The burning flams of his heat taking over him combined with his Alpha taking him apart made him dig his slightly long nails into his Alpha's back trying to hold on for dear life. Tony couldn't help chanting his mate's name over and over, quivering in his place as Steve's hands ran over every inch of his body, not leaving an inch unmark.
“So this one should be able to stand up to anything you can throw at it.” Tony handed Steve the new-and-improved Invincible StarkPhone. “Try and break it. Try
Tony stood up and stretched, regarding the now sitting Steve fondly, a pensive smile dancing across his lips. He stood for a few seconds before Steve sensed him and looked up from his book.
Tony slicked his sopping hair back, closing his eyes and sighing. He rolled his head to the side to look at his rescuer. “Thank you,” he managed, “Thank you. Thank you.” The man nodded his head and pointed at a poster. Tony couldn't understand the writing, but it was fairly obvious a missing person poster, and right in the middle was a picture of him. And a picture of his arc reactor. He smiled wanly, his arc reactor had been the only reason that the truck driver had stopped for him. The driver reached towards him with a bottle of water and a packet of beef jerky and Tony almost snatched them out of his hands. “Thank you,” he said emphatically, pulling the top off the bottle and downing it. He tore the top off the packet of jerky and savoured the first bite, full of pepper, before ramming a fistful into his mouth. He jaw ached as he chewed but he couldn't imagine a better feeling. He swallowed the mass down, feeling his throat scratch and protest. He sighed contentedly and laid back against the chair even as his stomach began to protest at suddenly having food and water filling it. He smiled with relief and closed his eyes.
“Yeah well, Cap, you're always the one who gets the cool combo shots with Thor and Tony,” Natasha looked at him with a twinkle in her eye.
“So you don't think Tony flying into a wall at the sight of you half naked affects the way we work?”
It had also proved extremely useful as a hunting tool, with many hours of practice finally wielding its first reward in the form of a decently sized fish speared out of the river he was following. He’d had to cut his pants at the knees so he didn’t have warm, wet fabric sticking to his legs all the time, but the temperature was hot enough that it didn’t matter. He’d stopped being aware of the myriad scratches and cuts he was collecting on his unprotected legs, and the cut material of his pants worked as a crude water filter, allowing the water to pass through while catching larger particles. He’d even started to become a little more proficient at making crude bark bowls, which didn’t burn in the fire so long as there was water in them. He tried to boil as much of his drinking water in them as possible.
Tony stood calf high in the shallower waters by the river bank. He barely moved, the tendons and sinews in his legs tight and visible through his skin, his muscles bunched in concentration. His eyes darted and flicked across the water’s surface, blinking out the sweat which ran down his forehead. His fingers tensed on around the spear before, like lightening, he flashed forward and plunged the spear into the water. He leaned his weight onto the spear, waiting until it stopped struggling against his grip. Tony heaved a sigh and lifted his prize out of the water. The fish was big, one of the biggest he’d caught, and he trudged back to the bank through the mud with a tight grin on his face. He would go to sleep full tonight.
He looked at Bruce and something passed between them, understanding, sympathy, brotherhood. They both sat in silence, unstirring, silently mourning Tony Stark.
Needless to say, Tony had spent most of his time in hospital either bored or trying to ask about Steve in a roundabout way. He hadn't been to visit once. He sat in the back of the car with Bruce, who had come to help him home.
“TONY!” she screamed through her comm, before realising that Tony wasn’t there. Tony wasn’t going to catch her like he had so many times before.
Tony resisted the urge to eat at hyper speed but was still at the door for 9.45. He was leaning nonchalantly against the side of the open door, backpack in hand, as Steve pulled up on his motorcycle. He walked down the steps, swung the backpack over his shoulder and smirked.
“Tony-” Steve started before he got cut off by Tony’s outstretched arm, hand boldly in a stop position.
Steve was carrying their takeaway down the stairs, shovelling some noodles into his mouth with the chopsticks and almost losing the second container he had wedged between his arm and ribs. Swallowing his food he noticed Tony was still hunched over his unknown invention and smiled to himself.
Tony rolled his eyes, “I am fine, I got aloe and cold water on fast enough that it’s nothing serious. Trust me, if I held up to your workshop visit earlier then I’m all good.”
“Well, there was a lot of waving around a fire extinguisher. I got the feeling he was hesitant to use it though.”
It took Tony four more weeks before he could walk without being in immense pain, eight before he well enough to finally get out of hospital. The other Avengers had spared as much time as possible to visit him, help him get some physiotherapy done. Bruce had made sure he'd brought as much non-lab-dependent stuff as humanly possible to keep Tony occupied. Clint marvelled at Tony's scars, which covered a lot of his torso in angry lines. The stitches had been removed, but they still looked sore and inflamed. Tony laughed when Clint told him he looked like he'd been munched on by the world's biggest shark.
Tony hesitated, unsure of what to do. Usually the arc reactor creeped people out, rather than interest them. He silently and hesitantly moved his hand away from his chest. Steve bent down a little to look more closely at it. He moved his hand as if to touch it before stopping as Tony almost flinched.
Tony smiled, “Tony Stark here, just a courtesy call to say I don't need your services as house sitters anymore.”
Steve and Tony were quiet in the back of the car on the way to the tower. Tony thought his heart was going to burst from his chest. A little while in he felt Steve’s fingers find his, curling his in-between until they were sitting there in silence holding hands.
"What do you think? It is really the Shield, you talked about?" Petrus asked, leaning on James's shoulder to get a better look at the metal in Anton's hands. Anton gazed at James, watching closely how the small boy touched the Shield with wide disbelieving eyes, making Anton tilt his head, wondering why the extreme reaction to something so… useless.
in his mind. In the back of his mind, Harley always wondered what it would have been like if Mr. Tony and Mr. Steve were his real parents, he wondered what it would have been like if he was raised beside Peter as his real brother and Mr. Howard and Mrs. Sarah as his real grandparents…
"No… no, sorry forget about that." Tony waved his hand off, hoping that Steve will forget his insensitive question and how Tony forgets the most basic thing, and that is; Steve can't function unless it was night. Which was strange, considering that Steve was a star, and stars shine all time without getting tired or sleepy or whatever, considering that they are huge balls of gas. Thor told them that it was the space stone's fault, which was enough answer for all of them.
"You look beautiful…" A voice full of nostalgia and happiness stated behind him, causing Tony to blink his eyes and turn to the person behind him; when Tony saw his father, he gave the older Alpha a shy smile, his heart pounding in his chest at the addition; even then Tony couldn't help but wish that his Mom and Jarvis were here. "Maria and Jarvis would have been so happy to see you today; Maria will probably cry herself and ruin her makeup though, but she would have been so happy…" Both Tony and Howard gave a small laugh at the thought, and Tony tried desperately not to tear up, even when his heart clenched as he thought about his mother and Jarvis, and how the two of them would sigh in approval at the thought of him marrying the one he love.
A part of Tony was still in denial about the date… well about the second part of the date, the first part was pleasant enough, it was the second part that made Tony want to run to the hills; everyone and their mother knew that Tony will never ever get inside a cemetery even with the threat of death, not after what he saw the day of his parents' burial. Hell! Tony gave Pepper, Rhodey, and Happy a strict instruction in his will; that if he to ever die in the field, they are to cremate him and dump him in the bottom of the sea.
"Then you know what I feel…" That made Sam sighs and looks at Tony for one last time; he then opened his desk and gives a card toward Tony, who looked at the numbers that were printed on the card and smiled, giving Sam his card with his personal phone number on the back.
Walking down Steven tense when his eyes fell on the king who was sitting near the fire pit, gazing at the fire with a thoughtful look on his face, and Steven wondered what he is to do, should he go back to his room, or should he walk in like nothing has changed when in fact everything has changed in the span of a few minutes.
But like anything good in Tony's life… it doesn't last long… and the reason for that was some kind of new terrorists calling themselves 'Hydra' a continuation of the one Aunt Peggy fought in the seventies… no matter how much Tony fought with his team, those fuckers were like cockroaches, squash one and it will pop back as nothing happened to it, which was making Tony scream in rage and blast them in the face.
Who was Morgan? Steve desperately wanted to ask the man what he meant by these words, who was Morgan and why does she need him? "Morgan… such a beautiful name…" Steve whispered to himself, his hand going to his belly automatically, smiling when he felt the flutter there. "Morgan is a beautiful name, isn't it?" Steve asked no one in particle, just talking to himself and his daughter; the flutter was more noticeable this time causing Steve to let out a chuckle, it seemed that his daughter liked the name a lot…
"Am I… am I dreaming?" Sarah asked, taking a step after step toward the young man, wanting to touch him so much but is afraid that if she did, the man would vanish, leaving Sarah in the ruins of her once beloved home.
… Tony wanted to say, reassuring his kids as he held them tightly in his arms and telling them that everything is OK; Tony, though, he was not going to lie to his babies, not when their lives were in danger, his babies were smart and Tony had to trust them. "There is no time to explain, baby; listen, I want the two of you to climb down and run toward Grandma Sarah's house as fast as you can, if you don't find her then run to Grandma Winnie. Never stop, never look back, and don't make any sound." Tony instructs his kids as he tied the rope into Harley's bed before throwing it outside the window, sighing in relief when the rope reached down.
Starkad thought that the boy will do nothing other than walk and try to stab Hamar with all the strength he has, which was nothing, as the boy was still too young, a youngling that was meant to stay home and help his dam with the house, too young to work in the fields. What the small pup did though, made everyone's eyes widen as they gazed at the small pup who pulled Hamar's hair and start cutting his braid with the dagger; it was as public as the claim can be, the boy, the small pup that was not even six summers, gave the public claiming that Hamar is no longer a free man, the boy practically took Hamar's statue as a free man and turned him into a slave.
Steve smiled happily as he saw Natasha walking toward him when was the last time he saw the woman? A long time ago, so long that Steve had to stop himself from hugging the woman. "December 30th, 2050… or maybe it would count as 2051? Don't know." Steve hummed as he put the glass of water away, he didn't notice the shocked looks that were exchanged between his friends.
Both Steve and Anthony were grateful that they had three weeks before the Alpha needed to go because not two days later, Steve's heat arrived, it was the first time for Anthony and Steve to share one, it was too intimate, too private to share a heat with someone other than a mate, but the two of them were going to get married, they were going to run away from this Hell and started their own life together.
"A bear attacked the hunting party." The Alpha explained, sending a glare from the corner of her eyes at the Stone family, causing Steven to raise his eyebrow. "It was not much of an attack, for the bear turned away to continue its path; Tyber on the other hand decided on his own to attack the bear, gaining the anger of Gods with his reckless behavior." Steven tried not to wince at the admission, already knowing that the Beta made a huge mistake going against the Gods' will and attacking a peaceful animal not seeking a fight.
Tony prayed as he pressed his cheek to the floor, the wooden slats cool against his feverish skin, and listens to the silence.
"Yes, you were an inventor, nearly in all of the lifetimes I saw you in." That caused Tony's eyes to widen and for an insane glint to shine in his eyes, and when he turned to Steven to order him to explain, the star was already making his way out of the room, with Peter in his arms, the little one was chatting Steven's ears off, but the star didn't seem to mind that at all.
"I know!" Tony choked holding his son tightly. "Mama can defend himself! You should have listened to me! You nearly get hurt! What will Mama do if something happened to you? Tell me!" He said trying to pull his son into his lap.
It made Tony appreciate his friends more than ever; he knew he wouldn't have done it without them. A year passed with him being sober, it ends with him volunteering at the Omegas' clinic, hoping to help as many people as he can, just like his friends and other people helped him.
Loki drank his tea, humming a little while putting his cup down, eyes going distant in deep thoughts as he tried to gather all the information he remembers. "Nothing that you didn't know about in your home." Loki finally said as he raised his cup to take another sip, pausing halfway before looking at Steven who crosses his arms in deep thought. "The only difference is that they are weaker than the ones in your universe, so you will control them completely this time around." Loki took a sip from his tea after finishing his words causing Steven to frown.
Tony didn't know how it happened, but one minute the two of them were talking, and the next Tony was on his back with Steve on top of him kissing him breathless, Tony let out a soft moan as he pulled Steve closer to him, shivering at the growl the Alpha let, gasping as he felt the Alpha's hand caressing his tummy, that only made Tony pull the blond strands in his hand pulling Steve's face to kiss him again and again, every time the Alpha even separated their faces a few centimeters to breath. Tony shook with pleasure, after all this is the first time someone touched him like that in nearly nine years, and God, does Steve know how to kiss?
"My, my, what's the occasion, Pete, finally deciding that your bear needs a company? I'm sure I would have bought him a new friend if you asked." Tony cooed softly, causing Peter to give a giggle. "Why don't you look at that, we reached the car!" Tony said with a grin, which caused Peter to pout, probably thinking that he will be put in the backseats with the seatbelt around him, something that he was right in thinking of.
/Warning/: This Chapter contains, cursing, sadness, fluffy fluff! Peter being a precious bean, panic attack, maybe a little bit hurt/comfort? And who knows what! All reviews are appreciated.
The gentle hand left his hair and trailed softly to caress his cheek, causing Tony to let out a content sigh and snuggle into the warm and soft hand; part of Tony gave a soft purr in content at the lovely treatment, another part of him wanted to know who was the person who was treating him with such gentleness.
"You knew from the start?" Tony sniffed when Steve nodded his head. "Why didn't you tell me?" Tony breathed out, watching as Steve turned to his bag and get out a small card, making the Omega 'oh' at that and take the card, already knowing what was inside, and he shouldn't really be surprised, after all, Bucky did tell him that they have a friend named Sam in social services who went to DC last year, he should have put two and two together.
At times like this, Anton wished that Petrus was with him, at least then the two of them would have discovered the forest side by side, with Anton teaching his son everything that he needed to know about the nature that surrounded them. Fortunately for Petrus, but unfortunately to Anton; the little pup became too attached to the queen and the queen's babe. Which meant six-time out of ten, the pup is near Steven or anywhere near him; nine out of ten, Petrus was with James the two of them exploring the village and the forest surrounding it, bringing trouble to Anton's home, if the two of them were up to mischief.
James asked, breath hitching as he saw the woman giving him a small smile and a nod, which made the young boy sniff and nod his head returning to his hidden place that was his mother's neck shivering now and then, relaxing when his mother starts running his hand through his hair and pounced him a little.
" The leader rumbled, once again silencing the room. His voice was husky and held harshness to it, which made Steven tense and pull his child toward his breast harder, afraid to lose him.
Hell, he went the whole nine yards with spider webs, dark sheets, black carpet, and black curtains and so much more while decorating that room for the man of the hour that was going to show up any minute now (not that he was hoping to be able to scare Rogers or anything).
When Tony was far away from the hospital, far away from his father and his lies, far, far away, he got his phone out of his pocket with shaky hands; dialing the number he wants with teary eyes.
"What?" Peggy hissed, both of her hands clenching tightly over her handbag, looking like she is ready to murder anyone standing in her way, which was Tony at the moment, Tony who was glaring at Peggy with the power of a thousand suns and daring her to do something. "What is the meaning of this?!" Shouted Peggy, no doubt her voice is heard all around the quiet neighborhood.
The sound of the cellar's door opening made Steven tense as he held his son tightly, he saw Margaret and the rest of his friends back away from the bars, and Steven did too, cooing to James so he will be able to calm the small pup down, Steven's eyes though, they never left the cell's door, waiting to see who came here. The sound of footsteps walking the step of the stairs made Steven roll his eyes as much as it gritted on his nerves, the Omega glared harshly when he finally saw the person who walked down the stairs, it was the same Alpha woman with the red hair that nearly chopped Johann's head… it was a pity she didn't, now he wouldn't see the son of whore dying in front of him.
"Tony, please… calm down, please let us explain." Peggy plead, her words breaking Tony's heart, a few months ago, hell, even on the first day Tony arrived at this town, Tony would have accepted Peggy's explanation as a fact, he would have listened to them, and accepted the abnormality that was Steven Rogers… if only they trusted him enough to tell him.
"We can leave after I heal him," Steve stated, kneeling down to heal Tony, only for Thanos' hand to clutch his shoulder tightly. "If he dies, you will lose your blessing and power," Steve stated with a dark smile, enjoying how Thanos' hand tightened over his shoulder before letting go; Thanos was so delusional, he was delusional to think that the day Steven refused to look at Thor was to bless him, he was so delusional to think that Steve was going to choose him when Tony was not a few feet away from him. But because of Thanos' delusions, Steve would be able to heal his lover before everything become worse.
"How can I? When every time he was brought up, you always ended up crying… I knew you tried to hide it so hard, Tony, from Peter and me, but I knew, and I didn't want to raise your hope when he was already dead…" That caused Tony to choke and a whine left him, his breath hitching in his chest when Steve's gentle hand wiped the next tear that rolled down his face. "I was there… when May and Ben brought the baby home… Ben was a friend of mine; we served together in the army." Steve said which made Tony's lips wobbly at that, and God, how much Tony hated how weak he was. "My ex was pregnant with Peter at that time, but I had to stay with Ben and May for a while… considering that I was the only one who knew how to handle taking care of an asthmatic child." Steve said, causing a sob to leave Tony which made the Alpha turn to the younger man and pull him in his embrace, letting out a grateful sigh when the Omega didn't push him away.
Tony bite his lower lip to stop his smile from getting wider it was like a dream come true, an amazing dream at that; slowly not wanting to be left out, Tony's hand trail on Steve's waist, his hand trailing toward his mark there, already planning how he will make Steve scream and moan in pleasure. Just when Tony thought that everything was going as planned and that he and Steve will enjoy a pleasurable morning, the door to his bedroom slammed opened followed by Peter's cheerful voice which made the two adults freeze; horror coloring both Steve and Tony's features as they realized that Peter came earlier than they have thought, both of them had thought he will stay with Bruce until noon when Tony was going to collect him.
Like every other gala Steven went to, this gala was filled with ass-kissers, people who wished to make investments with you, people who were trying to get you on their side, people who were power-hunger hoping to climb the steps to fame, and other people who liked to fling their wealth. The thing that they all had in common, was, wanting to meet the new Captain America who came from another universe. Something that made Steven roll his eyes, especially when people went on and on about how it was so strange that he didn't have a dynamic to ground him and how freeing it must be!
"I have to give it to you Mr. Rogers; you are the first not to jump while hearing Jarvis." Tony teased as he walked in front of the Alpha which made the older man smile at the teasing and follows the Omega waiting for Tony to close the door, trying to calm the fussy pup all the while.
Once the touched the land, Steven's eyes widen a little as he looked at the village before him, it was the first time he saw a village like this, big houses surrounded by greenery, the village surrounded by three huge mountains on three sides while the fourth side dominated by the sea, a village with the best defenses someone could ask for, and it was beautiful, it reminds him of home, and Steven wondered if he walked to the left of the bakery, he wondered if he will see his house where he had left it, but Steven shook that thought away, after all, this was not his village, just another one who looked like his home. "Welcome you Mantta, foolish queen." The Iron King said, but Steven didn't give a mocking reply in return, still taking in the beauty and how the village and houses surrounded itself with greenery and trees, the perfect balance between modern and living with nature.
Tony sat on the comfy sofa waiting for the owner of the house to return. Two weeks after his appointment with Dr. Cho, Tony did lots and lots of thinking (If that was even possible) and he comes with the conclusion that no matter what he planned in the first place, he couldn't go with the original plan, he couldn't kill the par-
…" She responded and then smirked, finally switching to a heavy accented English, "Disrespect him again, and say goodbye to your head,
"Is Thanos…?" Thor couldn't finish the question that plagued his mind; a childish part of him hoped that if he denied the arrival of Thanos then it meant it will not happen, that it will be impossible, that it meant he will wake up soon from this nightmare. His mother's silence and the grave look on her face was the answer that Thor feared; in the end, Thor could only take a deep breath and straightened himself.
"Because I know that deep down you think of Rogers as nothing but the monster that would kill you and Morgan the first chance he gets," Natasha stated, her words making Tony pause in his place, wondering how Natasha came to that conclusion even if it was right. "Rogers is not the monster in this story, Tony, if there is someone to blame then it is us… we were the ones who held back the truth, not telling you about Rogers and endangering your life. We are the ones who forced you to stay in this house even when Rogers doesn't want anyone living near him or living in his family house… Rogers is the victim in this story, just like you were. But you must understand Tony, what we did; we did it to protect Rogers." Natasha pleads, her words causing Tony to bite the inside of his cheek hard.
"I think I explained everything in the letter, Mr. Rogers." Howard said which made Steve grit his teeth at the Alpha's cold words. "You are obviously not fit to be a parent, especially with all of your debts that
Tony Stark was nothing if he wasn't prepared, after all, he was a businessman by morning a superhero by noon and a single father for an energetic four years old the rest of the time, so you see he has to be prepare all the time, even if it meant getting called by his aunt who was Captain America and her scary husband in the middle of the night to stop Hydra (Again!) from doing one of their evil plans, spending years fighting them, ended with Tony rolling his eyes constantly at what they called evil, it was more annoyance then evil by this time.
"It is OK, mother, I am here, do not cry please." Thor whispered pulling away from his mother and wiping her tears away, it hurt his heart to see his mother so pained and heartbroken because of him. His mother seemed to regain herself at his words, smiling gently as she leaned up to kiss his cheek, making warmth surround Thor's heart.
After brushing his teeth and being fully awake, the small boy took it as his chance to pester the Alpha on and on about what happened yesterday, even when the Alpha put him in his own seat, and the boy was happy that the Alpha was humoring him and telling him what he wanted to know which made the pup buzz in his place, but his Mommy cleared his throat and send them harsh look when he put the breakfast plates down which made the two of them become quiet as mice and try to eat their breakfast, sending each other funny looks while taking bites after bites of breakfast, and it was the first time that Peter felt the fuzzy feeling in his chest engulf him, like one of his Mommy's tight hugs when he holds him and kisses his forehead… it was nice… and it made Peter squirms and try to finish his breakfast, knowing that his Mommy will tug his ear if he didn't finish it this time, especially when he didn't eat dinner yesterday.
"And what gave you the right to assume I'm Anthony Stark and not who I'm telling you. I told you that my husband will kick your ass when he returns." Tony stated, trying to contain his shaking as he was forced to open the door to his house and get out. Tony's eyes darted around the lake, trying to find somewhere where he will be able to hide until Stane ran out of bullets or Natasha or Bucky give him a surprise visit, he just needs to make Stane talk; the man loves his voice too much that it wouldn't be a hardship.
?" Steven narrowed his eyes at the last description, daring the king to say such a thing, which will gain him nothing but broken teeth. Injured or not, Steven refused to be lowered to such a thing, not after being forced to live like that for years because of the Hydra king.
The Omega though… the strange Omega who Fury was told was the Hydra king's mate looked familiar. Not the king of familiar that Fury saw when he was doing one of his undercover mission, but the kind of familiar like the Alpha had spent a long time living and growing with him. That by itself was strange, for Fury was almost certain that he doesn't know who the Omega was.
Steven took a deep breath, and left the safety of his room and went to the common room to see all of the Avengers waiting for him wearing their tactical gears ready to go with him, that made him raise his eyebrow at that, getting a glare from Peggy who was still looking at him with concern, it made Steven smile, only Peggy know how to sass the shit out of you while doing it with worried face.
Pepper opened her mouth then she closed it thinking until she got the courage to ask what she wanted. "Rhodey… do you know anything about Steve Rogers?" She looked at Bucky when she said the name getting a nod from the Alpha when she said the right name; everyone could see how the colonel's face darkens when the name was mentioned.
"Other than him being a gold digger who broke Tony's heart, I don't want anything to do with him." Rhodes said which cause Bucky to snarl and nearly attack the Beta if it wasn't for Natasha pulling his back.
I had to write and rewrite the chapter many times because I felt that it was a little chaotic? I had to take down a lot of scenes too because it was getting longer and I probably wouldn't have the time next week and the week after it to write or post chapters to any of my stories.
Fury though didn't answer, he just looked at Tony with a knowing look that made the hair on the back of Tony's neck stand on its end. The look Fury was giving Tony, confirmed his suspicions, and Tony wondered if he needed to run away sooner than he thought. But thinking about the phone call two days ago, made Tony still and bite the inside of his cheek, wondering which choice was going to send Tony to his death…
It started as harmless at first; lost objects that the three will search for and will find them the next day of searching, things that were put in different places than the original places they were put in, drops in temperature and cold spots (That Tony was able to play as a faulty heating system of an old house). It was harmless and Tony didn't like to linger on it more than a few seconds a day, so what if the house is sometimes cold? So what if things get lost or changed their places without explanation? Being in here was better than being back with Howard, especially when he has Morgan to think of.
Jarvis offered as an olive branch and Tony paused in his place, pressing his lips tightly, deep in his thoughts. It will do him some good leaving this insane place, maybe he could even do his shopping in peace and he could tell Pepper about what happened to him. He was sure that the woman would do her wonderful thing and get Rogers kicked out of his mansion! A smile breaks out over Tony's face at the thought, and he starts jumping all over the place in happiness, rushing toward the armors in the corner and ignoring Jarvis who was trying to advise him to get out of the place like a normal person. Like hell! He has a target on his back with five scary teammates after him, and he was not stupid enough to get out of there like he was some defenseless duck waiting to be slaughtered!
Steven's breath hitched when he felt the consciousness creeping over him, causing Steven to furrow his brows and fight against the wave of drowsiness that came over him to pull him into the land of dreams once more. It took a few more minutes before Steven was able to open his eyes again, minutes of trying to remember what happened before he was asleep, and why was his body working against him. It took minutes for Steven to finally wake up and gaze around the room he was in with a look close to confusion and wonder, only to blink in bewilderment when he saw the king sitting on a stool next to him, to invest in the scroll in his hands to notice that Steven was awake.
"You listen here you foolish Omega!" The Alpha snarled as he pushed the Omega to the wall behind him, making the Omega growl at him and tries to break his hold, but the Alpha was too strong for that. "You get this in your empty head! I-" Whatever words the Alpha tried to get out got stuck in his throat when a faint scent reached his nose, making the Alpha still in his place, though it was only a second later that the Omega's eyes widen as he tried to thrash out of the Alpha's hold, but the man held the blond, and he thrust his face into the Omega's neck near his bonding glands, which made the Omega curse him and scream at him to let go, but the man didn't care about that as he chased the faint scent that he was sure he didn't imagine smelling, when the Alpha caught that scent once more, he let go of the Omega and backed away, his eyes widening as he took the Omega who was glaring at the Alpha with a wild look in his eyes. "You are with a child…" The Alpha breathed, not believing the words that left his mouth, already knowing that if he could scent the pregnancy on the Omega already it meant that the Omega was roughly two and a half months pregnant. "You are carrying his child and you dared to enter my house!" The Alpha growled as he took a step toward the Omega rage burning deep under his skin at the thought of the Omega carrying his enemy's child and living with the same house as him!
Sam… Sam died heroically in the line of duty in 2030, sacrificing himself to save more than one hundred lives, his life was good, he ends up marrying Darcy and they had a son and a daughter, his teenage son took it on himself to carry his father's legacy of being the next Falcon, Steve visited his Godchildren from time to time, to see how Darcy and them were doing.
“Did I do something wrong?” Tony asked, unsure what to do with how the older man acted around him, he starts feeling that he should have mentioned about what went on last night, but something deep down told Tony that he should hold this a secret until he was certain of what he saw, maybe it was really a few teens who were performing a humorless prank.
, with most of his uniform missing. Torn. Off. He made a strangled noise, staring at Captain America with his mouth open, and flew straight through a wall.
He sighed and leant back on the stool, gesturing to the pad of paper on the workbench, “Drawing, mostly.” He ran a hand through his hair, “Trying to keep my mind occupied with something less... painful.”
“The reason I listen, the reason I care, Tony, isn't just because I want to help people. It isn't to get you to shut up. I care about you. I don't see you as some spoilt child. When I look at you I see brilliance and loyalty, passion and love for life. I don't see you as some broken toy. I see you as one of the best people I've ever known. I know that to you I am a friend, I am a person to confide in, and I've spent the longest time trying to control these feelings so you don't lose that, but I just can't any more. I have to let you know before I lose you, I don't want to be left wondering what if. I already have too many of those. So, I guess what I've been leading up to is this. I love you Tony. It's come on slow, but you've got a firm grasp on my heart and I just can't ignore that. I know you couldn't feel the same about me after all of our history, but I just wanted to let you know. I probably won't be coming back to see you, I couldn't deal with the rejection, but I'll be making sure I know how you're doing. I'd appreciate it if you could just pretend this conversation never happened when you get back to the tower. It'll make it easier for everyone.”
Tony dropped the circuit board he was working on onto the worktop, frustrated. He just couldn't get his head straight.
“I mean really,” Tony murmured around the screwdriver in his mouth as he tinkered with the device he was inventing, “it just takes a bit of” he took the screwdriver out of his mouth and squinted into the machine, turning something, “lateral thinking.” He straightened up, looking satisfied, wiping the grease off of his fingers with a dirty cloth, smiling brightly at Steve.
He sat back, “I think that should be enough for today.” He slicked his hair back from his forehead and helped Tony sit up. “Good session.”
The video stopped playing and the Avengers stared in silence. Steve had ushered them all into his studio and asked JARVIS to play the footage through the projector Tony had had installed. Pepper was stuck in very intense negotiations with important officials in Asia regarding Stark Industries factories and distribution and he hadn’t been able to get through to her. Steve hadn’t told them what had happened or why they were there, but they all knew it wasn’t good.
Bruce smiled slightly, “I'm sure he's fine. He's being de-briefed at the moment, I'm sure you can see him once it's done.” Bruce paused, “Come on, I've got some stuff in my lab I'm working on, you can keep me company.”
As he walked down to the gym to test out Tony's gift he smiled to himself. He loved the fact that Tony was so generous, and he never expected anything back. Hell, he let them all move into the Tower without rent! It only took 48 hours to break the punching bag.
Tony sniffed and gave a smile. Steve leaned in and touched his lips against the smaller man's softly and gently.
He shook the thoughts from his mind, concentrating on the fact that that was in the past. Right now, Tony being missing, that was the present, and it was something he could change. He dialled Natasha’s number as he walked. She answered with a quick
One morning Steve was getting ready for a PR shoot, standing in the kitchen with his uniform on making himself some toast. He heard the door open.
Tony stood and rubbed at his wrists where the rope had rubbed, “Yes, apparently all de-briefings now consist of me being tied to a chair and humiliated for half an hour.”
, poor broken Tony is having a breakdown again. Let's tell him he's been a good little boy to get him to shut up so we can get back to our own lives.”
“Ok, and then you just turn your hand like that... yeah, you got it,” Tony clapped his hand onto Steve's shoulder, strangely proud of the younger man. He'd been helping Steve work out some of the more complicated technology the Stark Tower contained, and he was enjoying it much more than he thought he would. The respect they'd developed when they were stuck together had developed into a firm friendship. It turns out that once they'd gotten over their own egos and misconceptions their personalities actually worked pretty well together. It surprised Tony as much as anyone else.
This time Clint had to keep the pain out of his eyes. “That was the idea, actually,” Steve said, his voice small and a distant smile briefly played over his lips, “I figured if he knew what I was doing he’d come back out of sheer will to make me stop.”
"Hey, kid, are you OK?" Anthony stuttered as he rushed for the boy who turned to Anthony when he heard his voice, when Anthony touched the Omega's left shoulder, the Omega whine and curl around himself groaning in pain, which made Anthony curse and try to straighten the kid. "Hey, it's OK, I am going to take you to the hospital, do you have a name, what I am saying, of course, you do, wait here, I am going to carry you to the car, and can I do that? I am so dead…" Anthony starts ranting in panic which made the Omega looks at him and let out a small laugh, that turned into a groan.
It made Steve turn the TV off and stand up shakily; keeping a tight grip on the baby that was sleeping in his lap, their… no, his baby was a split imagine of Anthony, with his messy tuft of dark brown hair and chocolate dark eyes, the only thing his baby got from him was his nose and pale skin tone, other than that, his baby looked like Anthony to the smallest detail, it made Steve smile a little and turn around, intending to go to sleep this unpleasant experience away, away from that… that 'Billionaire, Playboy, Genius' … his love will always take pleasure of his genius being recognized first, not his money or dating statue.
"Wait you have an AI? Since when did you care about techs least an AI?" Tony narrowed his eyes at Steve looking at the man to spot if there was something that transmits the sound of the AI, how was that AI able to hack into Shield database, the only AI in the world who could do that was JARVIS, and his AI and suits were the peaks of technology so far in this century.
"So you finally showed your face…" Steve hissed like an angry dragon making Tony wince and back away a little and no one would blame him really, after all, Steve was scary as fuck when the Omega wanted to be. "What are you doing here Stark?" Steve snarled which made the Alpha tense and open his mouth to explain but to his horror, words refused to leave his mouth and that by itself caused Tony to choke and nearly start crying right here and there.
"Are you sure?" Tony asked which made the pup nod his head proudly. "No cake, soda, or candy?" Tony asked as the two of them reached the kitchen raising the pup a little so he will sit on the kitchen stool as he went to get the ingredient out to make lunch for both of them. The pup shake his head at Tony's words which made the Omega smile a little at that, Clint's kid would have asked that he make them a triple chocolate cake by now, but it seems that the small pup isn't interesting in that. "Why?" Tony asked intrigued as he put the ingredient on the counter looking at the pup with a smile.
"What! Can't you two knock on the door like normal people?" Tony questioned as he opened the door, trying to tidy his messy hair as best as he can as he gazed at the two who were bickering on his front porch when the two of them turn to him, Tony saw the surprise on their faces but it was wiped and huge smiles took over.
He was jarred out of his happy wanderings by a sharp sound he knew well, and some not-quite-well-enough-hidden whimpering. He flinched as he remembered being on the receiving end himself. He looked across the street and saw a kid hunched in a protective position, flinching away from the woman with her hand raised. He must only have been 12 at the oldest. As he debated walking over, not wanting someone to misunderstand his approaching a young boy, the child looked over and caught his eye. His eyes widened. Bruce took that as his cue.
Steve could feel tears welling up, even though he knew Tony didn't really mean it. Something had happened, but he didn't know what. He'd never seen Tony so
Steve took to his camera like a fish to water, it wasn't often you saw him without it somewhere nearby. His natural artist ability seemed to transfer well, and he had an intuitive understanding of how to produce a good shot. The cabinets in the kitchen slowly got covered with photographs of the team, whether engrossed in a movie, training or partying. They were never safe. Steve's favourite shots, however, were captured one evening in December.
It took a while for Tony to calm down, but Steve's presence always helped. He leant his head back on the wall as his breathing evened out.
“True,” said Steve. “Well, if you ever need protection from spiders or anything like them, just get JARVIS to fetch me and I'll save you.”
“Hey kid, I saw you recognise me, you want an autograph or something?” he said, before looking at the wary looking woman and shaking her hand, “Bruce Banner.” Shaking her hand calmly took all of the willpower he had left. He looked down at the boy again and smiled, mentally running over the signs in his head. There were bruises, both fresh and old on his arms, partially covered by his t-shirt. His eyes were full of fear, and when his mother moved he flinched slightly. He had been that same little boy once, only it was his father, not his mother who took out his anger on him.
“I mean, it was the least I could do,” he turned to face Tony, his face becoming more serious. “You know we… we were really starting to think you were gone forever. Maybe dead. I didn’t think I was ever going to see you again and it…” he sighed. “It was really awful. Spending time in your workshop helped me pretend I was close to you. I kept thinking of everything I wished I said before you were gone, and then even when you got back I still couldn’t say.” He looked into Tony’s eyes with what seemed to be a trace of guilt.
“Is this what all de-briefings are like?” he asked, “Maybe I should start going to more.” He grinned widely at Natasha who stood in front of him, flanked by Clint and Thor.
Steve’s smile turned to a sad frown, “No. I don’t know how and I’m not sure Tony would want us to poke around inside his bots. I think he considers them to be the closest thing he has to children.”
Tony moved his spare hand to his chest, “Arc reactor conducts cold. Also, I don't want to get sick over Christmas. Everyone knows if you're sick at Christmas Santa doesn't bring you any presents.” He winked at Steve who chuckled and gently bumped his shoulder against him.
She smiled, reached over and squeezed his hand. He gave a squeeze back, grateful for the small gesture.
“Tony, I just don't get it,” Steve sighed, letting his hands and the StarkPhone fall into his lap. Tony shifted his weight, leaning over the back of the couch for long periods of time tended to be uncomfortable. He reached down to pick up the phone, ignoring the fact that his hand was dangerously close to an area he'd much like to know more about, and rounded the couch to sit beside Steve.
Tony shook his head, “She left, Steve.” He smiled wanly, “Plus she made me promise I’d never make her do it again.” Tony flicked his eyes up to look directly into his, “You are the only person I trust to do this.”
The two men laughed as the sun beamed dappled green through the leaves. Steve sighed and lay back on the blanket, hands behind his head and a big smile on his face. Tony moved to lie with his head on Steve's chest, hands clasped over his arc reactor. After a moment of lying silently, completely content, Steve moved to intertwine his fingers with Tony's.
“Well, this is me Cap,” he said, turning to look up at Steve, not letting go of his hand. There was a pause before Steve leant down and kissed him. He pulled away quickly, almost looking surprised at himself. Tony smiled, wrapped his hand around the back of his head and pulled him back down for deeper, longer kiss.
Tony sighed and ran a hand over his stubbled chin, “That was my next set of reading material. I needed to know what it was first before I delved in, to make sure I had everything straight. I take it you know who was on it?”
Steve respectfully stayed silent, but he didn't want to leave. Tony had been down here for days, he'd even missed dinner with the team. He wanted to take care of him, and he knew Tony was on the verge of either talking to him or making it extremely clear that Steve was to leave. He waited.
Bruce looked up at Steve who nodded, knowing that Bruce had taken Tony’s disappearance the hardest. He deserved to get to him first, even though Steve felt like his was suffocating. Bruce took a deep breath and walked forward. Steve followed him some distance behind, watching the other figure intently. He watched as Tony walked towards them and felt his heart ache. The man he knew had been replaced by a spindly, almost emaciated person, with matted long hair and a grey tinted, wild beard. He saw him and Bruce meet, regarding each other for a moment before embracing tightly. He saw the two men break apart and Bruce’s shoulders shake with what looked like laughter. He was close enough to see a smile across Tony’s face. He caught his breath as he saw Tony look over Bruce’s shoulder at him, the smile fading. He looked back at Bruce who made a gesture towards Steve and Tony slowly started walking towards him. He only then realised that the rest of the team hadn’t followed him, they were letting him meet Tony on his own terms, like he had with Bruce. He felt tears start to well in his eyes as Tony got closer but battled them back.
The woman cocked an eyebrow, “Oh but it does. We all know what happened in Seattle. How long is it going to be before he’s working with you again?”
“Jesus, Tony! You’re far too sick! I can’t do that to you.” Steve felt the horror running through his veins, there was no way he was going to put Tony into cardiac arrest, what if he never came back? He’d already almost lost him, and he’d only just got him back.
Steve was sitting in Tony’s lab when the alert went out. He immediately moved to get to his uniform and get to the Quinjet. He stopped and turned on the staircase when he saw Tony following.
“We’re nearly there,” came Natasha’s clipped voice from the cockpit. Steve almost jumped out of his seat, walking over to look out of the windows. He could see the sprawling grid of the town surrounded by fields past the tree line of the Amazon forest. He took a deep breath, they would be landing in a couple of minutes. He walked over to Bruce.
There was a pause. He felt a hand on his shoulder and looked up into Tony's eyes, “If ever anyone was a good friend, it's you, Steve.” His voice was soft.
“Certainly sir,” came the reply, “Mr Stark is asking for the object to your right and three items back.”
Clint lay in the hospital bed, sweat beading on his forehead. Natasha had finally left to get some sleep, so Bruce took over the shift in his room. He hadn't been there long, but he knew something wasn't right. They hadn't been able to get Barton to a secure SHIELD facility due to the nature of his injury, and they couldn't move him quite yet. Usually he didn't let any sign of injury show through, he hated being stuck in bed, but now he was actively showing signs of pain. Which means it must be bad. Very bad.
“Hey, if you want it to be a date, it's a date. Who wouldn't want to go on a date with Captain America?”
Steve looked around a little more urgently before almost running into DUM-E who appeared right beside him, camera in his claw. Steve's face softened as he took his camera and examined it for damage. It was fine. As he turned to sit back down he absent-mindedly patted DUM-E on what would be the top of his head, “Thanks DUM-E.”
The boy silently nodded, his eyes wide with thanks. He looked up again at the mother as she made a happy noise and produced a pen and a piece of paper. Bruce signed it at smiled at the mother to cover up the fact he'd just given her son the means to save himself by personal Avenger. As he walked away his eyes flickered green, just for a moment.
“Damnit Steve, I have seen the footage from Seattle! I wasn’t there when you needed me and Natasha almost
The two men locked eyes, staring at each other. Something in that moment changed, but before they could acknowledge it JARVIS sounded out the alert for an assemble. The connection broke as they both ran towards the exit, suddenly Iron Man and Captain America, leaving Steve and Tony in the lab.
. His and Steve’s eyes kept meeting and flicking away, obviously his teammate was struggling with similar feelings. Tony could feel the blush in his cheeks, hoped he could pass it off as minor burns because he really didn’t need to be sitting in a room full of people
“I'm never drinking scotch again,” he groaned. “Or at least not for a day. I had the weirdest dream.”
Steve couldn't read Tony's expression, but his heart was beating loudly in his ears. After everything that had happened in the last few weeks, what did he have to lose? “Sure, it's a date.”
Bruce stared at the screen, just stared. Mind blank. His vision went white, he felt like the earth was spinning and the floor was melting under his feet. He felt a hand on his shoulder.
They both stood, too exhausted to talk about what had happened. Sharing the pain of the revelations, knowing that once again their lives had changed forever.
“Yep, threat neutralised. It doesn’t seem to enjoy being soaking wet, SHIELD are going to have a whole new set of problems to tackle looking after this thing.”
Steve tried to quell the jump in his heart that he'd come accustomed to since his feelings for Tony had developed to more than friendship. “See you at the door in 45.”
Tony span to face Steve, spitting out venom, “Like you really even care, if I tell you all you're gonna do is be understanding. Oh
Steve walked through Manhattan just taking in 21st Century life, he enjoyed watching people go about their days and wondering what their lives were like. He stopped outside a building site, rubble being moved out of the way and steel girders being positioned. The place where a building had collapsed and trapped he and Tony for nearly two days. He pondered everything that had happened since then. Tony, the son of one of his best friends, whom he'd never expected to call a friend, had become the person in the Avengers he enjoyed being around the most and who had become one of the closest friends he had ever had. They'd spent a lot of time together since they revealed themselves trapped in the rubble, and what had resulted was a deep connection of understanding. Steve had seen his soldiers cope with traumas and knew how to be there for Tony, how to help him through his emotions without making him feel like a child. He felt a great sense of privilege knowing that Tony allowed him to see past his snarky, I-don't-care façade to the damaged, hurting person underneath. To the childlike excitement that raced behind his eyes when he thought of a new idea, to the calm man who needed some time to relax. He turned away from the building site and continued walking. He'd been watching Tony transform from a man plagued by memories and regrets who couldn't deal with his mental trauma to a man who was at terms with everything that had happened to him and now had more healthy outlets to pursue when he felt life was building up on him again. He was oddly proud to see him growing in confidence. Not his pesudo-confidence for the press, but real genuine self-esteem. Especially since Pepper left. Steve realised he even felt a little protective over Tony.
“Aye, if we have no way to decipher where this machine has sent the Man of Iron, then we must take it upon ourselves to hunt him down,” Thor added. The large man was obviously restless, he and Tony had become firm friends after the battle of Manhattan.
Tony looked intently at a finger as he picked at the broken and ragged skin around the nail, “At least I am going to have some really kickass scars out of all of this. Chicks dig scars, doncha know? Well, of course you do, you fought in the war.” Tony flapped his hands dismissively, “Though you don’t really get scars. Bah, you know what I mean.”
Tony continued rambling as he flicked through huge amounts of information. Steve leaned against a worktop and watched, knowing Tony was badly on edge. Hell, of course he was. JARVIS’ voice came through the room.
The door clicked open, “I feel it apt to inform you that that Sir is currently about to begin tests on the device,” came JARVIS’ reply through the speakers.
- your friend too. I have been so selfish the last couple of months. When Bucky died it wasn’t like I could just take time off from the war to grieve. I guess I just didn’t know how to deal with losing such a good friend without something to throw myself into.” He looked down into his glass, swilling the last liquid around the bottom.
“The last thing we did was fight,” he said, croakily. She stroked his shoulder as he continued to cry. After a few minutes he whispered, “I love him.”
“Are you sure you're fine Tony? You've not been yourself the last couple of weeks,” he said, and pressed a hand to Tony's forehead. “You've been sleeping a lot, and usually you'd have a few new inventions for us to test in that kind of time frame.”
Tony looked at him and paused, terrified he would both say and not say what he desperately wanted to. “Thanks Steve,” he said sincerely after a moment, before looking back down into his coffee.
Steve blushed, smiling genuinely this time. He was glad Tony’s sense of humour was still strong as ever – his friend was going to be ok.
The bots began to advance and Natasha started shooting. She managed to take two down while retreating, their armour was thick and was continuously being upgraded against their weapons every time they fought.
Seconds later there was a loud screech and roiling clouds of steam filled the air, reducing visibility to mere meters.
“I’ve never been so sure of anything in my life,” Steve replied, opening the door behind Tony as he pushed forward with another kiss, slamming the door shut behind them.
“I'm sorry I'm just too much of a genius for you guys to keep up, I'll try and tone it down... well, not really, but I'll pretend to,” he still smiled.
As the car was driving them back to the Stark Tower it began to rain. As they got out of the car, Steve grabbed Tony's hand and they ran into the Tower, laughing and sopping wet. They jumped in the elevator as Tony peeled off his soaked jacket. As it started going up the two men looked at each other, their laughter quieting. They looked at each other for a moment before they slowly met in a gentle kiss. Tony's hands moved to Steve's waist, as Steve cupped Tony's face. Electricity raced between them, both of their hearts pounding. After what felt like an eternity they pulled apart.
They sat in companionable silence for a few minutes before Steve cracked a dumb joke about getting the toaster to work, and Tony choked on his coffee with laughter, setting them both off.
Natasha gave a sad smile as she saw Steve sitting at a workbench through the windows of Tony’s lab. At her asking, JARVIS opened the doors and allowed her access, something she wasn’t sure he was supposed to do. She hadn’t been Tony’s favourite person after all. She sighed, figuring it meant JARVIS was worried about Steve. It would make sense, they all were.
Winter came in fast, the summer colours changing to reds and yellows and browns before disappearing all seemingly in the blink of an eye. Steve got used to pulling Tony out of the way of walls and lampposts when he was wearing his uniform and Tony worked on getting his project perfect. They'd been out to a few places, an art gallery or the Tesla museum, but mostly they enjoyed going out for long walks, bike rides to the middle of nowhere or watching movies together. The other Avengers were quietly happy watching their friends so happy together, especially after the amount of pining they'd had to wade through before. They often walked in on Tony showing Steve how to work some new gadget or Steve trying to get Tony to sit still as he drew him. Steve still had to carry him to bed most nights.
Steve walked over to the sink and filled a glass of water. He handed it to Tony, “Yeah, I don't think any of us are particularly thrilled about that revelation.” He sighed as Tony downed the glass of water in one, “How far into the files have you got?”
“Some backup would be nice guys!” she said through the comms, alerting the rest of the team that she was in very serious trouble.
“Weeellllll,” Tony drew out, “I go into cardiac arrest, but it’s nothing I haven’t done before. I mean really, it’s not that bad-“
“Ahh! Steve,” he said, smiling. Steve winced as it showed just how much weight Tony had lost, his cheekbones creating hollows on his face.
Steve was right in front of him now, and lay a hand on Tony's arm, “No, I... I want to see it, if that's ok?”
Fifteen minutes later the others were all gone, and Steve and Tony finally made it out of the tower after locating their cold weather clothes. Steve had opted for a scarf wrapped around his neck under his leather jacket and a thin pair of gloves. Tony was wearing a red padded jacket, thick scarf, black gloves and a Russian style faux-fur hat. As they walked down the street hand in hand, the crisp snow lit by the street lights and their breaths misting everything felt perfect.
“Good,” said Tony, jumping off the workbench and bending down to pick his t-shirt off the floor. “Because I would be pretty upset right now if I knew I’d never get to experience that again.”
that Thor was able to catch Natasha. A couple more seconds and she would have died,” Steve said coldly.
Tony tried to ignore him, purposefully not replying. The last thing he needed right now was to get distracted by Steve.
He breathed a sigh of relief, the internal structure rusting would have been a much more serious problem. It seemed that, as it was mostly internal and the tiny exposed section being protected by the removable section of casing, it had been saved any compromising scratches.
Tony glanced and caught the stare, “Hey, I know what it does! Or at least, I will. Yes. I will,” his eyes filled with the well-known look of mischief, “As soon as I test it.”
By this point Bruce was back, Clint handing him the shorts and sweater he kept stashed just for him while in the field. He gladly took them.
“Sure you can,” Tony said, “It’s really easy. You’ve just got to unplug one wire and plug another one in.”
“Well, I feel like I got stuck playing a game of Jumanji. And,” Tony pulled a face, “Botflies have to be the most disgusting creatures on the face of the planet. Seriously. I am not a walking incubator!”
Laughing faces filled the screen, Tony hanging from the arm wrapped around Steve’s shoulders. Their eyes were creased with mirth as Tony pulled a funny face at the camera. The pictures changed, this time showing an armoured Iron Man, uniformed Captain America and Hulk chucking New York’s rubble heaps into stone crushers and flatbed trucks as the cleanup hit full force. It had taken months and months of hard work to even notice progress had been made, even with the Avengers and SHIELD helping as much as they could. Now the images displayed Clint trying to teach Thor how to play Twister. Quite a lot of alcohol had been consumed that night, and Thor was both enjoying himself thoroughly while still being frustrated at how easily Clint hit every combination. Soon it was Tony and Steve’s turn. It ended quickly as Tony tried to stretch over Steve to reach a tile but being too short to reach, instead the two men landing in a giggling heap.
Steve smiled at him before running off into the fray and tackling Tony into a snow bank. Bruce snapped some pictures as they both got up laughing and brushing snow out of their hair. Steve leant over and kissed Tony before throwing a snowball at Clint who had been trying to sneak up on them.
“Not for this,” Tony said, as he walked around one of his workbenches, inspecting tools, “this requires me to find any possible weaknesses.”
“Well,” he said to himself, rubbing the fog out of his safety goggles, “This is my first visit to a rainforest.”
Tony broke the silence as they got in the private elevator to the top suits of the tower, still holding hands, both hearts racing like they were in middle school with their first crushes.
Steve let out a breathy laugh before looking back down at the arc reactor in his hand. He went quiet, really taking in the structure. It was fairly weighty, Steve couldn’t imagine the feeling of having it in his chest.
He spitted the gutted fish through with a long thin branch and balanced it across the fire pit using a couple of big rocks he’d liberated from the river bank. As it started to cook and the water in his bark bowl started to steam he stood and walked away from the area he’d picked to stay tonight to relieve himself. It was later than he’d thought and he found the forest away from the glow of the fire to be on the edge of too dark to see. As he leant against the tree there was a tremendous creak followed by a crashing noise which filled the air with chaos and confusion. Tony jumped before turning to look at his campsite. His mind racing, he started to dash back to the glow of the fire. In his mind he knew it was just a deadfall and that if it was close enough to be a problem he would have felt the branches and leaves being torn down around him, but being out in the dark was not a very settling experience.
“Yeah well,” Tony jabbed a finger into Steve’s chest, “that’s not going to happen. I’m not going to let you die of pride. I’ve already nearly done that to myself,” he growled.
Steve smiled and patted Bruce on the shoulder, looking him in the eye with gratitude before turning back towards the door of the church.
He rose from his chair and leaned over to check Clint's chart. It seemed the doctor just hadn't visited him today, at all. Bruce's brow furrowed, and he looked at Clint who was now obviously in a lot of pain. He walked around to the side of the bed and took Clint's hand.
Tony took a moment before smiling, “Well how else would people appreciate my genius if they didn't know what I was going on about?”
Tony flashed him a scorned teenager look, “Yesss daaaadddd,” he said, rolling his eyes as he idly scratched at his chest by his arc reactor.
Tony nodded slowly and started to get up, waving a hand dismissively, “I’m seeing a therapist. Wait, does Bruce count as a therapist? Anyway, I’m seeing one.”
Tony shrugged off Steve's hands and turned away, “Yeah, well, finding out that I was in Hydra's pocket and building tech for them has kinda put me off my food.” His voice sounded raw.
Tony shot up and screamed. His eyes looked around in panic, chest heaving, before he saw Steve sitting on the edge of the bed, looking at him with concern. His face relaxed with relief and he leaned forward into Steve’s chest, resting his head against one of the strong shoulders. Steve gently wrapped his arms around Tony’s sweat-slicked body.
Steve sighed, the arc reactor feeling heavy in his hand, “Ok,” he breathed, “But you owe me for this.”
“Well, there's a special art exhibition on and I was, well I was wondering if you wanted to go with me? No one else really cares.”
Steve smiled a little as Tony laughed. He walked towards him. Tony suddenly became self conscious as he noticed Steve's eyes flick to his arc reactor, on display without a protective shirt hiding it away. He reflexively covered it with a hand as he looked for his shirt on the ground.
Bruce was desperately trying to hold on to his control. How could any doctor in his right mind just neglect a patient? Even one as stubborn as Barton? He checked the chart again and burned the doctor's name into his mind.
She dodged a volley of shots, still retreating, until she finally found her heel against the edge of the roof. Another curse, she pulled out another pistol and fought back as hard as she could, but when the explosion hit at her feet she had no chance. She was hurled back off the roof, and then she was plunging to the ground.
Steve ached, but he didn't say anything because he knew it was true. He had never been a fan of the Hulk coming along on that first mission. When he didn't know Bruce, he'd just read a file.
Steve brought over his toast on a plate and a glass of orange juice. He sat beside Tony and looked at him with a worried expression.
“It's a camera,” Tony said, moving to stand beside Steve and show him some of the controls. “I stripped it down so it's easy to use, but you can still get great shots. Not to mention it's almost indestructible.”
Steve paused, not knowing how to soothe his grief-wracked team mate. He took a long, slow breath in, held it with closed eyes, and let it out as he walked carefully across the floor and hunkered down beside Bruce. He saw him curl tighter, pulling his knees further into his chest burrowing his head further into himself. Making himself as small as possible to shield himself from the outside world, from having to face the facts. Another spasm of heart-breaking sobs wracked his body. Steve said nothing, instead unfolding the blanket he had brought with him and draping it over Bruce's shaking body. After a few moments Steve saw the blanket bunch as Bruce reached out a few fingers and drew it closer. Steve waited. After what felt like an eternity, but what could only have been a couple of minutes, the sobs became quieter and Bruce's body began to relax. Steve moved to sit, brushing away a few pieces of debris to find a relatively comfortable position. Bruce began to sit up, drawing the blanket around him tightly, his eyes red and swollen and his nose and lips irritated and cracked. Steve had hoped never to have had to see a man in this state again. He waited. That was what you had to do, you had to wait. You had to let them start, let them come to terms with it themselves. Let them scream, let them shout, let them whisper.
“Looking good, Cap,” Tony said, running his eyes over Steve as he looked at the doors to the restaurant somewhat awkwardly.
“Well then we need to get to work on a way to track him,” Natasha cut in, stealing the words from Steve’s mouth.
“On our way,” came the response, but she knew it would take too long. She needed to deal with this herself.
“Tony!” Steve was screaming, standing in the spot the portal had appeared. He turned wildly, trying to find something in the lab he could use to bring him back, to find out where he was. When it finally sunk in that Tony was gone, and Steve didn’t know where or how he felt himself go into Captain mode.
Thor's smile spread from ear to ear as he walked out of the room to call Jane and arrange to go and see their new holiday home.
Tony made sure he booked the nicest restaurant he could bribe for and spent a little too much time trying to pick out the best outfit with the help of the ever patient Pepper. He spent many hours pacing the workshop floor, rambling at DUM-E and going over multiple situations in his head. He couldn't see any way he'd make it out the other side of the date without being a puddle.
"Yeah, well, I could have told you that to save your breath." Bucky replies dryly, trying to suppress his wince when Steve dapped the wound with alcohol. "Though I still don't know why he would throw a stone at me if he wanted to go undetected, something doesn't add up…" Bucky stated which Tony seemed to wave away.
Steve walked inside of the bar looking around the place, hoping that he will spot his friend, Bucky was with him already complaining about his Ma trying to set him up with an Omega that apparently all of the neighborhood knows. Steve sighed at that and drag Bucky to the bar when he spotted their friend lying his head on the bar, Loki was humming and cleaning some glasses while listening to what the Beta was saying. Ever since Steve and Peter left the park, the Alpha had taken his pup to his Ma, knowing that the Alpha was waiting happily to see her grandson, his son was in a happy mood that day, showing his new toy to his grandma and telling her all about that Omega who was all alone in the park and gave him that toy because he was brave, when Sarah was told by Steve that the person Peter was talking about was an Omega, the Alpha was shocked because ever since the small pup turned five, he was deathly scared of Omegas, and him going to talk with one made the two of them confuse but hopeful, it was then that Bucky barged in their house and dragged Steve away nearly shouting at Steve that the two of them should elope from the country because Winnie was planning on sitting Bucky up with Steve… Sarah the saint that she was told Steve to have the night to himself and hopefully be able to calm Bucky who was frantically tugging on Steve's sleeve like a child looking around the place like his Ma was going to appear out of thin air any minute now, she promised to put Peter to bed. That's how the two of them ended up going to Loki's, their friend Sam had called Steve that morning and he sounded like shit like he really needed to talk about his day.
Steve had to stop himself from growling when he saw Tony strapped into his bed, with doctors talking in the corner; it was Bruce who let out a growl at the sight making the room become quiet. "What the fuck is wrong with you?!" Bruce had snapped as he went toward the Omega's bed and took the restraints off. "How in the world did your idiotic brains thought about restraining an abused Omega?" Bruce cursed and screamed some more things threating the doctors and the nurses that were cowering in the corner, no one in their right mind will go against the Beta when he was angry.
Walking toward the boat, Tony wondered if he was really going crazy, he wondered if him not sleeping for the past few days was finally catching to him. It was probably his sleep-deprived mind that gave him enough courage to push the boat into the water; it was probably his tired mind that made him take the oars and row. There wasn't a destination in Tony's mind, there wasn't any place he wanted to reach with his boat; he just wanted to do something that doesn't make him feel crazy even when Tony was sure he has finally lost his marbles.
It made his nerves fry when the woman asked him to talk a little about himself. "Just give me a break!" Tony snapped as he stood up, Maria standing with him, looking a bit concern and scared, the doctor to Tony's dismay, was looking at him with a calm look, only making the anger rise inside of him. "So what? I got kidnapped; I got tortured, fell into heat and then was pupped! So what? You have no right to ask me what I feel about it, it was horrible, it was scary, and I thought that all of my family had died! So don't tell me to describe my fucking feelings to you!" Tony snapped as he rushed out of the room, ignoring Maria's calls.
The joy and happiness he saw in Steve's eyes, was everything to Tony; he held into Steve tightly as he listen to Steve's reassuring words, as he whispered in his ears over and over again that he would protect them and that everything was going to be fine.
"Marriage… what? Huh? What do you mean?" Tony asked in a faint voice, feeling like his voice was coming from miles away than a few feet, what in the name of God does that crazy ghost meant by marriage? Tony was never ever marrying anyone, not even to save his pathetic life, so what the hell is happening?
/Warning/: This chapter contains, cursing, sadness, a little bit of violence, Steven being an overprotective AF, and Tony is a little shit! And who knows what! All reviews are appreciated.
"You are going to tell me what you did, if you won't, I suggest you say goodbye to the parasite you are having." Stane growled near his ear, tapping the gun on Tony's belly, causing Tony's breath to hitch in terror at the thought of such a thing near his girl; oh God, the gun could go off any second now and it was near his baby!
"OK, what's going on you guys?" That was Bucky, who finally returned from the training room with Steven in tow, Steven who was looking too smug with himself, every time he glanced at Bucky, and when everyone looked closely, they saw the shiner that Bucky has and everyone wince… Steven was really scary.
"Dammit! How can you do that every day, Thor?" Clint asked as he winced, hopping around the place in hope of his legs working once again, letting out a relieved sigh when his legs stopped wobbling dangerously and he wouldn't be a victim of falling and breaking his face on the ground.
It was six months later, and Tony lost hope. That day he stayed in his lab drinking, and drinking, hoping to die from alcohol then the poisoning, it was the first time Tony touched the alcohol since he was back from Afghanistan, his therapist made sure to forbid him, not like it was a loss anyway considering that Tony drank because of the pain not because of the enjoyment of the act as his father.
"Goddammit, Clint! Stop it with these childish games!" Natasha snapped, thinking that it was Clint, as the man usually loved playing pranks on her daily, the woman cursed in Russian as she went to the doll, taking it and throwing it in the garbage can with a huff.
Even when Stane came back after months and months of absence, even when he was enraged and gaze at him and his baby with murderous eyes. Even when the man used his voice on him making him freeze in terror, making his body paralyzed, even if he took his tattered pants and used him over and over, chocking him and threating his baby with death if Tony did something wrong, even if he left Tony and throw some of Angie's hair that was splatter with blood…
Before Anton tried to give her a dry remark hoping that she will stumble and embarrass herself a familiar twin of giggles broke through the people causing Anton's heart to skip a beat; from surprise at why his son and the queen's babe was here, to fear for their safety, Anton wondered what he will do. It turned out that Anton hadn't needed to do anything, because as soon as James and Petrus saw them and the crowd the two of them stood still, with Petrus hiding in fear behind James.
It wasn't until they were sitting on a bench in the gardens that Tony finally dared to talk. "I love him…" Tony said in a small voice which made Steven sigh at that looking at the sky.
?" Peter's sleepy voice made Steve tense, fear taking hold of him and he wanted to take Peter away from here
"If you want to get better call her, she will help, just tell her I was the one to send you…." Tony said before leaving, and Steven had to stop himself from smiling, it seems that Tony is still awkward at expressing his feeling, probably ran to his lab to get rid of the hives he felt when he tried to open up with Steven.
"Fine, but bring me the blue one, I will never wear that rosey color even on my death's bed." Steven said which made Margaret smile at that and went to the wardrobes to exchange the dress and bring the blue one to Steven which made the Omega curse as Margaret had to help him with the dress, seven years, and Steven still never used to this kind of torture, he really missed the days when he will wear tunics and pants, who need all these, under-gown, and girdles, and having to stay still for thirty to sixty minutes to get dress, wasting the daylight when he could have worn simple pants and tunic.
"We thought… we thought about taking you Helheim… it is the only place that Thanos won't dare to cross." Gamora shuffled as she said those words; no doubt she was uncomfortable by saying these words, and why wouldn't she? Helheim was the realm of the dead and forgotten, the only place that Thanos hadn't dared to invade even with all of his power and might… after all, death is death, and people no matter who they were are always afraid of it. "Hela, the ruler of Hel agreed to give you a sanctuary, in exchange for Loki being cleared of all his crimes against Asgard." Steve could only nod his head at the words he heard but didn't manage to understand, the only thing Steve knew of was that he needed to leave Midgard.
"That's supposed to be my line, so unfair of you to steal it," Tony replied before turning to kiss Steve, too impatient to wait for Steve that he took the matter into his own hands. Steve could only hum as he kissed Tony again and again rolling the two of them around until Steve was on top of Tony.
"OK, kids, wave goodbye now," Tony called out, waving to Steve with a smile, feeling a little sad when his husband was out of his sight; looking at the children, Tony tilted his head when he saw the gloomy look on their faces, causing Tony to hum and look around the place trying to think of how to cheer them up. "What do you say about having a movie night? It is the weekend so you two don't have anything tomorrow, we can even build a pillow fort if you want!" Tony clapped his hands with a smile, internally sighing in relief when Peter started cheering up and dragging Harley inside, informing Tony he was safe for the next few hours.
Anthony Stark never believed that he will find love, or someone who will acknowledge him as who he was, so he made sure to stop such idiotic fantasies when he reached the age of eighteen, after all, people didn't respect him or acknowledge him for… well, him. The only thing they see when they gaze at him was his father, Howard Stark, the genius of their generation, the billionaire who built his company from scratch, the one who helps creating Captain America AKA Commander of Shield Peggy Carter, Anthony was always in his father's shadow, so he learned after he graduates college to keep his head down and go on with his life, no among of parting, drinking, and acting like a spoiled rich boy will make his father or his peer acknowledge him or even love him.
"Can we please cut this short? Like very short? With you going straight into your demands instead of a monologue about your evil plans to rule the world?" Tony cut the man before he started over his evil plans, which made the man narrow his eyes at Tony while glaring at the man like he was something nasty he found under his shoe, which was rude mind you.
The AI said which made everyone look at Bucky who shook his head; after all, Steve was an artist, not an inventor, so how did he give a hand in making the AI? A hologram screen appeared showing them an old video, and Bucky had to hold his whine as he saw Steve in the video.
But no, Tony knew that his friends wouldn't be able to protect themselves when Howard will come knocking on their door, Tony knew that leaving this house will cause more harm than good not just to Morgan and himself, but to everyone surrounding them. One thing was sure though in all of this mess, and that is Tony really needs to search the history of this damn house and this damn town because Tony sure as hell didn't hear the story about the Rogers family's son getting killed in this damn lake.
The sound of the girlish scream in the mansion made Tony pause in his place and frown, wondering who in the hell was that woman inside his house, no one ever entered this wretched mansion ever since Rogers arrived here, and all of his cleaning staff quit, so the only logical thing that left for Tony, is that someone was idiot enough to have broken into his house. "Hey, J, did someone break into the house or what? Where did that scream come from?" Tony asked as he let go of the wrench in his hand, his words though were met with a long pause before the A.I. finally spoke.
"Steven!" Returning back, Steven was greeted by worried Peggy who looked at his pathetic form with a worried and pale face, running in the rain would do that to anyone, especially when Steven returned wet and covered in mud from where he fell a few times while he was running.
When Steven's feet touched the deck of the ship, his hand was taken roughly once again as he was dragged to where the king wanted him, and Gods how it made Steven's blood boil, and his glare intensifies hoping that the king will feel uncomfortable and let him go
"I'm sorry Bucky." Steve finally dared to say which made Bucky purse his lips, gazing at Steve for a long time before sighing and grumbling to himself when he saw the earnest look Steve was sending him, crossing his arms and sending Steve a knowing look.
By this time, the room became silent as everyone looked at Steven who was looking at his ring, with a sad look lost in the memories of his husband. Bruce sighed a little and looked at Tony who was looking at his shoes in shame, it was the first time he saw that look on his fellow Omega's face, as the other O usually act like an uncaring brat, Bruce really hoped that Tony will learn his lesson now he was faced with one of the consequences of his actions, Clint and Natasha had already left the room, after hearing Steven's words, probably didn't want to bother the older man who looked so lost and pained.
There was too much information that Steve managed to read, but they all went over his head when he tried to make sense of them; Steve's hands were shaking as he read and reread the article that informed him about his husband's marriage to one Pepper Potts for more than six years. Steve couldn't help his lips from wobbling when he read about Peter Stark, Tony's five years old and a genius in the making, the news about the second pregnancy of Pepper Potts made Steve's breath hitch and for his eyes to get blurry… how the hell did this happened?
"Always the trouble maker aren't you?" Peggy asked which got her a soft smile from Steven, making the woman feel a little warm on the inside… she wished that Steve will be able to smile like that one day, because ever since Barnes' death or what looked like his death, the Alpha was a few short steps from being called mentally unstable, she wondered what he will do when he learn about Bucky being alive, and she wondered why Steven didn't tell him. "Why didn't you tell Steve that…?" Peggy wasn't able to continue because she was cut by Steven's tired sight.
When the Alpha reached the Omega he stilled before he starts screaming at the Omega and kneeled near the man, wincing at how pale the Omega was, and the dark circle surrounding his eyes… maybe Starkad needed to call Braes, he was sure the healer will get the Omega something that will help him heal from whatever illness that the Omega was able to fall a victim for, of course, the Beta will spend some time looking at him like a disappointed father for treating the Omega badly, which made the Alpha grumble to himself… his inner Alpha though sneered about how Starkad was the reason that the Omega was ill… a voice that the Alpha shook harshly out of his head.
Before he dozed off, Steve shook himself and decided to end his bath, planning on going to sleep after the relaxing bath he took. Humming to himself, Steve finished drying himself and start dressing, singing a soft lullaby to his baby as he starts drying his hair as he left the bathroom.
"Steve…" Whatever Tony was about to say, he was cut by the alarms going off once again, causing everyone's eyes to widen and for Peggy and Bucky to bring their weapons out, pointing them at the Guardians. Everyone was probably thinking that the Guardians had crossed them and stabbed them in the back, but Jarvis's words made everyone freeze.
That's why Steven can't be what he used to be, that's why Steven refused to be called by his true name. A useless and weak person like him has no right to be called by his birth name, not when he failed his mother, not when he failed his fiancé, and not when he failed his children. Steven will never respond to his real name, not when he wasn't worthy of being called by it ever again, especially after he let Johann name him and bond him and shackle him to the south.
The journey to the hospital was rough, Steve didn't know what to do half of the time, he was worried, he was afraid, and he wouldn't stop thinking about the child and its mother… Steve was shaken. He called Natasha who was still in Stane's mansion, he told her to question everyone there is, leaving no stone unturned, he even told her to question the neighbors and ask if something strange happened in the past few days. Natasha was all ears and she even told him that Fury took Stane to Shield's HQ to question him, Steve paused at that, he told Natasha to tell Fury that Stane is to be locked in the cells under Shield's basement, that Steve will be the one who questioned him when he had time, that made the line become silent, and then Natasha bedding him goodbye as she went to call Fury.
Steve hissed softly to himself as he felt his body throb, he grumbled a little to himself as he tried to find a good position that wouldn't aggravate his injured body more and to think that being dead meant not feeling pain.
"OK that's it, please, give me your phone." Tony said after Steve finished talking nearly throwing his phone away and breaking it, the Alpha paused a little before giving up when the Omega outstretched both of his hands, the Omega gives a little cheer when the Alpha end up giving him the phone, entering his number in the Alpha's contacts, and sending a text to his phone. "There, now you have my number, you can call me whenever you liked to check on Peter." The Omega said which made the Alpha nearly protest but was stopped by the Omega waving his finger at the Alpha. "Because you are new here I will forgive you for not knowing, but I am the glorified babysitter of this neighborhood, everyone knows that and I also have Friday's off so everyone drop their brats in my house today, besides Peter wouldn't be alone, Clint's pups are coming in today." Tony said which made Steve pause and look at the Omega, a grateful smile appear on his lips at that.
And here Steve thought that it was the Scarlet Witch or even one of Thanos' children. Steve doesn't know if he is disappointed or not, but at least he was given an out, a way to help to defeat the invaders of the tower. "Hey! No one calls Steve, sweetheart, other than Daddy! Take that back you dirty rodent!" Peter growled, tightening his arms possessively around Steve's neck which caused the star to smile at that, his heart fluttering in happiness at the protectiveness Peter showed.
"Why aren't you full of surprises?" Tony cooed, which caused the baby to blink and suck on Tony's finger, causing a dark grin to take over Tony's face when he notice the kid suckling the blood from the wound on his finger; a wound that Tony got from the little tyke's fangs. "Oh, Steve's gonna love you!" Tony giggled, putting his free hand under the baby before raising him from the box, laughing when the kid squeaked and held Tony's finger tightly. "You would fit in perfectly, won't you? Yes, you will!" Tony snuggled with the baby, deciding that just this once allowance can be made, especially for a kid who didn't seem that scared or even annoyed with the mad giggles Tony was letting out.
"It doesn't matter…" Tony finally stated after opening and closing his mouth several times; oh God, what type of a nightmare did Tony landed in? Tony really should have stayed in his workshop tonight, at least then he wouldn't be forced into this situation, with two angry Addams who were planning the world's domination and killing abusive exes. Will the world witness another Great Depression? A great tsunami? A great pandemic?!
"So you wanted me to kneel, huh?" The Omega asked with a bored voice, his sharp smile turned into a scowl as he walked toward Stane, smirking when he saw the man's eyes widen when Tony didn't follow his command. "Bet you didn't expect that, did you? But guess what, bitch? You can't control me anymore, you know why? Because I'm made of iron, I don't bend to your will or any other Alpha for that matter, I am Iron Man!" Tony's words were followed by a hard kick to Stane's nuts, making the man let out a choked sound of pain as he fell down to the floor, this time, the two Alphas by his side let go of him with a snort, watching as the man clutched himself as he let out pained huffs of breath. "A nice change of scenery, huh?" The Omega snorted and turned around, flipping Stane the bird as he did, walking to Steve whose jaw fell a little, though the grin on the man's face was wide as he gazed at Tony with pride, making the Omega try and stop himself from puffing his chest…
"Cool! Mommy said that Daddy was half an Italian, though Mommy also said I'm Irish because I am half an Irish. After all, he is an Irish though, and I'm only quarter Italian, and that's cool because then I wouldn't be boring like my friends who are one hundred percent Americans." The pup rambled which made Maria smile at that a little and let out a small laugh when the blond Omega shook his head and sighed.
After returning home, Tony would usually prepare snacks for the kids as they changed and get ready to do their homework; after making sure the kids were set and that they don't need him for at least an hour or more, Tony would get to work in his workshop, trying to finish what he couldn't do in SI.
"Steve…" Tony's voice cracked, a sob wanted to leave Tony, but was held back by the power of will alone; even then it didn't stop Tony from throwing himself in Steve's embrace, holding on tightly to the Omega, trying to hold his sobs back by sheer will, only to fail when Steve ran his hand through his hair, causing sobs to shake Tony's body.
Steve started walking towards his injured friend, stopping in front of him and looking down at him, “We weren’t prepared,” he said, before pointing a finger at Tony’s chest. “Just like
Steve swallowed the tablets with the water as Bruce sat down beside him at the table to nurse a mug of tea. “Thanks,” he said softly before taking a bite of the butter-soaked toast, feeling the warmth of the fresh food in his throat and feeling a little better just for having something solid in his stomach. He finished the slice and a rasher of bacon before noticing Natasha looking at him from the corner of her eye. He smiled faintly at her.
On cue, the guests all rose and waited for the doors to open. They almost jumped as the music blared out of the speakers. The riff for Back in Black came out strong and hard as the doors opened to reveal Tony in a beautifully tailored black Tuxedo. The smile that broke on Steve's face could have out shone the sun.
He walked softly down the corridor towards Bruce's reinforced lab, took a deep breath as much to keep control of himself as comfort Bruce, and opened the door. His heart broke into more pieces when he caught sight of the view inside, something he didn't think was possible after all that had already happened today. He looked at the curled up, naked form of Dr Banner in the middle of the room, nothing left intact and the lights flickering. The entire contents of the lab had been turned to rubble, Steve could see blood on Bruce's knees and hands where he had dropped exhausted onto the ground and cut himself on the sharp pieces of destroyed equipment. Steve saw the vulnerable body shudder and heard the pained sobs coming from his friend, he seemed reduced to a lost child who couldn't escape the nightmare he found himself in.
“He’s working on a big project at the moment and he needs to focus on that right now. He knows we can handle ourselves,” Steve looked at the others at the table, seeing each of them give a tiny nod, “I think we’re done for today.” He stood abruptly, the team following suit and leaving the conference room. Steve tried to block the smug look on the reporter’s face from his mind.
Steve's fists balled tightly, “He survived. He was caught by Hydra, they took his memory, froze him, and turned him into an assassin. He tried to kill me, but... but he's in there. He recognised me. I'm going to try and find him once this blows over a bit.”
Clint put a bright smile on his face, “Steve, what are you doing? You know Tony would kill you for playing this in the tower, right?”
“But I am!” he shouted, banging his fist on his workbench, pacing the room. “Look at me! What am I without my suit, Steve? You picked it out straight away!” He pointed at the ring of blue light on his chest. “What am I without this? It's the only thing keeping me alive, don't you think I'm scared of how easily I can be broken?” Tears were openly running down his face.
Tony looked like he was going to protest, but thought better of it. “If you say so, Cap,” he said chirpily and almost bounced off the couch. “Maybe I'll get JARVIS to give you a course.” He smiled as Steve fixed him with an amused expression. He paused for a moment before coming up with an excuse to leave, “I need to get back to the lab. Something top secret in development specially to confuse you.”
Bruce slammed the chart down on the desk, “Do you really wish to argue the point with me?” he snarled. “I'm sure you've heard of me. Bruce Banner.”
“Just one button, Steve? Just let me push the button once?” Tony turned and pouted at him. Steve was powerless to resist and dropped into a chair. He shovelled another mouthful of chow mein into his mouth and muffled, “Oh go on, just once.”
