They appreciated that the tense atmosphere between them was not noticed, well, not tense, something like a little confusion or something serious.
"Just why am I your best friend, will I risk my friendship with Stark too?" He crossed his arms. "I can’t do it, Nat."
"Sure, and because it's not pretty, Cap."
"Good?" Raised his eyebrows. "Of course, I'm perfect."
She crossed her arms still on the couch, and admired her boyfriend's innocence by not noticing Sharon's clear insinuations.  He remembered that time from his nice talk at the party, Steve knew about the agent's crush, yet he did not realize when she shouted at him in his face.  He looked away when he saw Clint leave the bathroom, he looked quite pale and his eyes were small, what happened to that?  He got up and walked to the archer, although he did not show it;  I felt worry.
(See the end of the chapter for
"So?"
Tony ignored all the people present, his mind was wandering the other way, in those sincere words "Because that boy, that person, is you." The blonde showed him that character of courage, that strength and nervousness to confess it. He put part of his soul too, why didn’t he react? In those moments you should be feeling bad and just as he told you it would happen. He was an idiot.
“Bruce loves another person.”
"It's time to let the Cap go," said Barton, giving him a smile that was more like a grimace. "He loves Tony."
“I'm expecting some reaction from Steve, Nat. I want to see when his patience ends.”
"Wanda did not have to tell you anything," the blonde said calmly. "Anyway, she did nothing to stop it.”
“I can not do anything.  I do not see you as the love of my life as the person who is right now in my bed, sleeping.”
"She is an odious one."
Tony smiled delicately.
“I don’t think you need it with Bruce.”
"Most, there are still people with closed minds, but it’s very rare to find one."
"Your room."
Sharon walked quickly to the door and left without looking back.  She deserved someone, but wanting someone to love you by force is something ... impossible.  Still, she deserved it.  And maybe I'll find love somewhere else.
Natasha laughed.
Clint, Thor and Bruce had fled to the main room when the blonde decided to ask about very important things about the Avengers. They only looked out when they couldn’t hear the voices, they thought that her friend had put the head of the blonde in the oven to be able to shut her up once and so she could leave there. But they didn’t see anyone, they shrugged and went back to the room to finish watching a series that the three of them had been seeing all along while they talked about Sharon's strange obsession with Cap.
I LIKE YOU TO
"Man or woman?"
"And yet we beat them, How bad can it be to tell a person you like?"
"I like how it feels."
"Noting."
"OK."
"Then we’ll do it."
The Soldier looked everywhere.
"It's a relief, really."
"I don’t understand anything" he said smiling.
"What do you mean?"
Steve left what will happen first to the room, took the opportunity to take a deep breath and be able to stand the words or the moment, he was encouraged a little and went completely to the room. He closed the door with his foot; watching Tony study the things he kept on the walls, the painted paintings, and especially the order of things. The younger smiled when he sat next to him, how the hell did you start a conversation with that issue in between?
"Tony?" Interrupted Captain, seeing both of them. "I'm sorry to interrupt.”
"And you to me."
“You didn’t, it's all yours.”
"That's enough, Carter," the spy spoke in a demanding but calm tone. "Accept reality because if you get to do something stupid, I'll make you regret it and much worse with Wanda."
Wait ... How did Nat find out?
"You are, like a kitten."
"I'm surprised how much you don’t like her.”
"Why are you smiling like that?"
"Why would they?" Rogers crossed his arms. "The companies are the ones that have always supported.”
"Wait, where's Rogers?" He questioned holding his friends, turned to the redhead and raised his eyebrows to get the answer. "Where is my baby, Natasha?"
"Your mansion?"
"No, not a joke."
"Because you were annihilating Sharon with his eyes."
Steve watched his boyfriend sleep, it was so tender to see him and so sexy with that sheet wrapped around his waist.  He smiled slightly.  He always thought that he had won the lottery with him, it was the most important thing in his life and no one would change that.  Tony was his fortune, his love, his love and his everything.  He no longer needed to ask for life, he had complemented it and if one day he lost it, there would be a huge void impossible to be filled again.
“Love is not sent, Sharon.  And I'm really sorry, really.  You could have been a great friend, but with Tony things were going to be wrong. "He crossed his arms." Someday you'll find someone else.”
"I know, but it's difficult."
"I think you did not do well with Natasha."
"No." He shakes his head from side to side. "I don’t like her.”
"Do you think he would reject you if you tell him?"
"Sir, I scanned the young lady as she entered the building. Firstly, she is fully human and not a Life Model Decoy. She is wearing no more than minimal make up and she shows no micro scarring from surgery."
"No."
"Didn't say I needed you for that," Tony said. "Miss me?"
"Yes," Tony said, answering Steve's question. "Up?"
Frankly, he didn't care.
"Steve, this is Jim Rhodes," he said. "War Machine. Part of Team Iron Man, son of Roberta Rhodes, the lawyer in Howard's video. One of my best friends and colleagues. Rhodey, Steve is trustworthy. Dad wouldn't have sent him with me if there were any doubts. Come on, fellas. Stand down. I want to know why Rhodey and Lori are here."
"Did anyone remember to evacuate Captain America?" he asked. Tony was still haunted by his first view of the World War 2 hero on board the helicarrier, still imprisoned in a chunk of iceberg or pack-ice or glacier (he'd never thought to ask which.) Through the misty ice he'd still been able to see Cap's ridiculous but famous red white and blue uniform with the ludicrous little wings on his cowl.
And all he wanted to do was to crawl into the bed beside Steve and sleep in his arms. Instead, he lay back in the reclining chair, told Jarvis to "Call me at dawn, but be careful not to wake Steve," and let himself drift into sleep.
"Oh, wait, wait, wait. I'm so
"Oh, for—"
"Iron Man, report!" Steve snarled as he broke the lock with the edge of his shield.
"Have I ever complained?" Steve asked.
Steve gave him a long appraising look. "A shower, a different pair of pants and new shirt won't hurt. We're going to have enough trouble getting your staff to recognise you without the goatee."
"It's all right, Steve. Or it will be." His smile was plainly forced. "I will explain, but not now. Not until I'm certain. Ja—"
Pepper could not have guessed how much that attempt to shift the suspicion would fuel Tony's anger, but that didn't stop the blind rage that threatened to destroy his remaining control. "Steve knew a lot of things that SHIELD never found out, and didn't know a lot that SHIELD did. Unlike you. Did you tell SHIELD I was going to Seattle that day? Yes or no."
"No, though Jane – or, in honesty, me on her behalf – is suspicious about the source of her new research funding."
"It's the Pym particles that'll win you your Nobel," Jan told him. "And controlling their use will be enough trouble, believe me, Hank, darling. Besides, I thought you were a pacifist?"
"Which was?"
Their destination lay on the outskirts of the village where a single-track road that had been cut through the jungle forked, one branch running to a small group of what T'Challa said were warehouses on the bank of the river, while the other snaked through the trees to a large single storey building raised up on concrete pillars.
“I miss Steve, too…” Peter quietly admitted.
Tony felt guilt shoot through his body. He had a great time with Steve; he just felt too old to get tripped up over someone who might not be seriously interested in him.
Tony nodded. “What’s up?” He answered, resuming kissing Steve.
“Tony, are you serious? No.” Steve answered as sternly as possible.
Besides, Steve was the type who liked taking things slow, so Tony figured he should do the same.
“…also, I don’t really talk about the last conversation I had with my mother…it’s really easy to talk to you.”
“I know what you’re all thinking…” Tony started as he looked out into the crowd, “how can anyone change their genetic makeup?”
“I meant everything I said to you the last time I saw you…but I should be honest with you…” he paused, “I had asked you to go with me on the trip because I miss you so much…and you’re right…I don’t think I can be friends with you either…”
After a minute or so, Tony finally found them. He was carrying two cocktails and wearing the hugest grin. Steve had never seen him so animated, which instantly made something inside of Steve tingle with anticipation.
"How long did your relationship with Virginia last?"
in this company is leaking secrets.”
Steve nodded before getting up from the bed to walk toward the bathroom. As soon as the door closed, Tony launched himself across his bed, almost sliding off the silky cover in the process as he grabbed his phone on the nightstand. He tapped once to pull up Rhodey’s number from his favorite’s list.
Steve shook his head again, bracing himself against the desk before responding. “Where does everyone else stand on this?”
Clint chuckled, placing his hands on his hips. “That’s it? I thought we were saving the world?” Natasha nudged him in the arm, hard.
The employee express elevator whizzed up Stark Tower to the main Synergy labs located on the seventieth floor. Steve slightly bounced from side to side as the elevator carried him up the building. He could feel his nerves starting to get the best of him again, but he was used to calming himself when the moment called for it.
Tony waited anxiously for Steve to arrive. He thought about ordering something for dinner, but then decided to wait on Steve. As soon as J.A.R.V.I.S. informed him that Steve was in the lobby, Tony sprinted from his home office to the foyer to greet Steve at the elevator, only to realize that he was more nervous about seeing him than he had ever been since they met. It felt as if the elevator ride up was taking longer than normal, but then Tony told himself to appreciate the extra time before facing Steve in person again.
Steve sighed, resting his hands on his hips before taking his time hobbling over to the island to stop Tony from making a mess. Tony watched him, trying not to laugh but doing so anyway, causing Steve to roll his eyes again.
“I’m sorry,” he wiped his eyes which were wet again from laughing too hard, “I should have told you what it feels like the first time after I pull my dick out.”
Nebula rolled her eyes again. “My only is opinion is that we finish the job we came here to do in the first place, Gamora.”
Tony chuckled. “I know I’m not Queen Bey famous, Rogers, but I still get recognized on occasion, i.e. your graduation, if you recall.”
The space for the party was filled with the sounds of laughter and music. The guests were all gathered into a huge outdoor space near the water. The venue was so massive that T’Challa had different sections set up for a live band, a few bars and buffet tables.
He thought to himself as he turned again to face the mirror from the front.
Bruce slouched in the couch. “I haven’t talked to her this entire night. She’s avoiding me.”
“You know…I haven’t had a good night’s sleep since the time I accidentally passed out in your bed, Rogers.” Tony smiled meekly at Steve.
The three of them took their time walking over to the commencement area reserved for the law school and chatted a bit before the ceremony started. Tony learned more about Steve’s military service and heard some personal stories. The ceremony itself was a little too long, but it was nice being a part of something memorable for his lab partner, even if Tony hadn’t known him for that long.
Tony looked around anxiously as he took his time entering the lab, wishing Bruce hadn’t ran off so quickly so he could use the company to gather his thoughts and figure out how not to sound desperate when asking Steve over for dinner. Tony inhaled severely as Steve turned around and waved at him with a smile. Tony remembered to smile back before finally entering the lab.
The escort led Tony into the room where he was coldly greeted by Whoberis, Lupho, and a couple of their associates. As soon as the door shut behind him, Tony flashed a toothy grin at everyone.
“Sir, I don’t mean to contradict you, but—”
Obadiah scoffed as he leaned to the side in his chair. "I don't think that's a good idea, Anthony."
“But my friends call me Thor!” The tall blond man shouted with gaiety in a British, maybe Australian, accent. He walked briskly up to Steve, giving him the warmest handshake he had ever received up until that point in his life, which he wasn’t sure was physically possible.
“Be that as it may, Colonel Fury, I still believe selling Synergy to an outside bidder is the only recourse we have…I don’t see this project moving forward in its current capacity.”
not, Obie? Steve's a military vet, a law school grad, he's tall and handsome…," Tony made a show of counting out each of Steve's character traits with his fingers, "and you seemed to be over eager with having him be the 'face' of Synergy, if memory serves me correctly."
Needless to say, neither Steve nor Tony were on their A-game. They landed on a helicopter pad at a nearby building before hustling to the precinct. As they approached the building, the rest of the team was busying themselves with moving bystanders out of the way.
“Fuck, Tony…” Steve swore once more, “I’m close, too.”
“Yes, it’s a great party so far.” Steve lied.
The comment made Steve smile as he instantly remembered the time Tony had fallen asleep at his place after dinner one evening before they started dating.
“Well, right then. Keep in touch.” He said as he waved a hand, getting up to exit the room quickly.
“Hand me that tablet.” He asked softly.
Tony looked up at his friend who was still smiling at him. He tried reciprocating, but his expression was pained. He groaned again, lounging as far as he could in his chair.
“Oh wow,” Steve flipped through the pages as he turned to sit down on the tufted loveseat next to the desk, “these are really good, Peter.”
Tony looked at Steve then the room, his eyes widening as he realized that he was in a hospital bed.
Steve gently detangled himself from Tony, but he was still holding on to him; Tony’s body felt like an oven.
Tony grunted a non-committal reply as he shifted onto his other side while Steve got out of the bed.
Tony’s eyes lit up. Sure, Steve was probably just being nice, but it was a cute little reply to ruminate on as Tony drifted off to sleep thinking about Steve instead of dying alone.
“It’s nice to see you again, Rogers.” Tony accepted Steve’s hand, taking his time shaking it back which sent a wave of emotions through Steve’s body.
“Loki!” Thor shouted. Steve tried to grab Thor, but he yanked away as he marched into the middle of the room, shoving a table out of the way before grabbing Loki by the collar of his shirt.
“Oh, you know what?” Tony had stopped abruptly as he walked toward the bathroom, snapping his fingers before pointing at Steve. “There is
Steve nodded, but kept silent for a minute before continuing.
Steve glanced at the backstage manager who only shooed him onto the stage. Steve slowly took his time walking out; he waved nervously, squinting from how bright the auditorium looked.
Tony turned to Peter with a shrug. “I don’t see any reason why your dad should know anything about this, right?”
Tony groaned loudly as he parsed through his whole dating life, squiggling underneath Steve as he placed a hand on his forehead, feeling fatigued from obsessing over past relationships when he should just be enjoying his time with Steve.
He took off his shoes before turning on one of the lamps. But as soon as he turned to sit down, the dim lighting from the lamp illuminated two figures standing next to his fireplace dressed in PPE coveralls. Obadiah nearly had a heart attack before he realized that the two intruders were Thanos’s daughters, but then his heart rate elevated once more as he realized that they were both brandishing hand guns with silencers attached.
“Oh wow…” Steve pulled out an intricate looking ring, “this is beautiful.”
“Is it safe to assume that the board also sent you an invitation to this thing?” Tony used drinking out of his glass and looking away somewhat to steady himself.
“Thor!” Steve shouted as he shoved a couple people away from him, “I’m going after Loki!”
“It’s strange that nothing’s come across Pepper’s desk since Malibu. But it’s good to stay alert, especially with this press thing.”
“If you need me, I’ll be at the hospital.” Tony said sternly, waiting for Obadiah to exit the office.
Tony sighed before slowly getting out of the bed. He nearly dropped his phone as he reached to check it.
Tony nearly screamed in his head with frustration.
Steve paused for a second as he looked at Tony intently. “Are you sure you’re all right?”
“Favorite ice cream topping.”
Tony’s laughter finally subsided. “It sure is.”
As soon as he reached the office, he breathed deeply once more; he wasn’t sure how he would find Tony and face him after waking up in his bed. As Steve took his time pushing the door open, he immediately spotted Tony passed out on the small couch in the middle of the office. He was snoring loudly on his back with his limbs sprawled out.
Tony nodded before kissing Steve again. He could feel his anxiety over their relationship melting, but his old doubts continued to fight against his reassurances.
Dr. Selvig nodded as he took a deep breath. “I was the one who tampered with the device for the board presentation, but I did not attack Mr. Barton…”
Loki sighed dramatically. “You’ll never be able to stop Thanos, even if I help you.”
Tony then hurried out of the lab, mentally filing through which friends to bother in order to spend some time exploring his crush.
Tony nodded back, swallowing a lump in his throat as he let Steve take a hold of his waist as he pulled in him close. Steve closed his eyes and leaned downward somewhat, kissing Tony as he moved one hand to caress his cheek. They kissed each other for some time; and the urge to confess to Steve that he loved him reared its annoying head once more.
As the call went on longer than he had anticipated, Obadiah’s face twisted with annoyance.
“Okay, so we’ll grab Loki then I’ll call Tony.” Steve reminded Thor who barely responded as he marched toward the building. Steve stopped him short with an outstretched arm before entering.
Steve kept rubbing him as he rubbed himself up against Tony, moaning louder as he buried his head into Tony’s chest. As Tony’s body overacted to feeling Steve, he pushed Steve onto his back, climbing on top of him. Tony reached downward to unbutton Steve’s shirt, fumbling somewhat as he tried to take it off. Steve laughed as he helped Tony with the buttons. He then sat up with Tony straddling his waist to remove Tony’s shirt. Tony went back to kissing Steve as soon as he was free, humping Steve’s cock, feeling himself and Steve getting hard from the movement between them.
Tony’s eyes widened, realizing that he had gone too far this time as he watched Steve rise quickly from the couch.
Steve heard paper tear, indicating that Sam had opened the envelope. He took another deep breath.
Rhodey clasped Fury’s shoulder. “I don’t think it could have gone any better.” He looked over at Pepper who was smiling.
Steve struggled to wake up as the sunlight from outside pierced through the bedroom curtains. He sat up in the bed with a yawn before he noticed that Tony was missing.
Tony swiped an image away on the projection. He then zoomed in with his fingers. “Okay, what if we—”
Steve looked slightly downward at Tony whose face went rigid before he burst into laughter causing Steve to groan again.
The staffer stayed at the entrance to the room, watching Obadiah round the table. “Will, uh, Mr. Stark be here also? I know he has a super busy schedule…”
“Welp…” Clint leaned up against the console as the rest of the team silently absorbed Loki’s ominous comment, “we’re fucked.”
“Jesus, Rogers. You kill me every time you smile.”
As soon as they approached the bottom of the stairs, Sam turned to face Steve. “I can’t take you guys
Steve relaxed as he realized that his tone caught Tony off guard. “I don’t have an issue with Pepper, Tony. I actually really enjoy her company…” He sighed before settling to stand directly in front of the bed as Tony faced him from the door, “…the point is that the two of you used to date, but now you’re friends. I’ve never gotten physical with Bucky, but I can’t be trusted? That makes absolutely no sense and you know it.”
"Some of them did," he said, in reply to Jan, "but they were overmatched."
"Dead. Thor didn't want to believe it either, so..." He should not have let the Asgardian take Steve's body, but, just for the moment, in Thor's presence, there had been a tiny thread of hope.
"Let us hope that Odin does not notice it at all," Volstagg agreed. "With Loki confined, he would not need to look far for a magician who could conjure this, not with the Lady Frigga standing before him."
"Hey, quit breaking my ribs!"
"You're no use to me broken, Captain."
"Steve left the tower earlier," Bruce said. "Tony and I came here in the SUV.
The warrior's eyes shifted away from Tony's. "To make sure... to make sure Prince Thor is not hurt or captured."
Just for a moment, Tony let himself revel in the feel of Steve's head resting on his shoulder, the softness of his hair against his cheek, the weight of a body hard with muscle... hard...
Tony used Extremis to call his own armour, grateful he had left it standing in his bedroom and didn't have to struggle with the backpack.
The SUV rolled forward through the revealed door. They were in.
Hope flared. Because the electromagnets would have cut in even before the HUD.
Steve had heard that name before. But where?
"Yes, sir." Though Jarvis hadn't any eyebrows to raise, Steve rather thought that if he had, he would have done so too.
But Pepper, as always, was already talking over him. "If so it makes you look kinda elegant, like your Dad. I like the designer stubble but please don't grow a moustache because that would be gross. Hey, I thought I saw the helicarrier over the Sound – did I tell you I flew in from California as Rescue? – thank you for the upgrade, by the way." Pepper interrupted her avalanche of words long enough to kiss him on the cheek.
Tony was watching his hands and the knife with unnecessary concentration. "I'll back the two of us against them."
"So you made one," Steve said.
Tony was laughing as he rose into the air and headed for Malibu.
Tony nodded. "Just about anything Chitauri will explode when it meets this substance, which may or may not be alien.
Even as he had given that order he had been mentally pleading with a long-dead Howard Stark to forgive him for killing his son. Now he was beginning to know the real Tony and the memories of the portal closing and Iron Man falling out of the sky were a new feature of his nightmares.
was Steve's thought.
Tony reached out a long arm and placed the phone on the table – situated precisely where it was easy to pick up a drink which would not be contaminated by splashes from either the pool or the spa. Unfortunately, his own glass was empty.
"But not his memories. All I have are traces of memory of you or someone like you that I can't even access without the help of a telepath. And the real Captain America was brain dead. Something happened, Tony, to put my mind in his body. I need to find out who did it."
Why should hidden Wakanda need such fortifications?
"Thirteen, get your team inside—"
He needed to do that, because the floor was pooled with blood, in which lay bodies and limbs and, Christ, a severed head—
And Jan appeared in the doorway. "Stand clear!" she shouted.
Tony gritted his teeth, fighting the nausea and dizziness, trying to forget the mechanics of the ARC reactor and the Iron Man armour, the specs of its weaponry, to forget the name of the town where Cap had last accessed his bank account, the co-ordinates of the lab in Oklahoma, his speculation about Bart—
The picture blurred out again, cutting back to Howard who said, merely, "We have your backs. Hank has destroyed the material as per instructions. Keep on the down-low for a while longer," and vanished.
The sensation was not just of tilting but of falling...
Steve noted both Howard's careful phrasing and Tony's visible flinch. And, of course, the samples against which Hank Pym had compared his own DNA had to have come from somewhere. He doubted that either Tony or Howard would have asked Fury for them. But just how had Howard known that Steve had 'assaulted' anyone?
But Bruce certainly wouldn't mind. And Jarvis had already received his orders to lock Pepper out of all the Avengers and research floors except the penthouse itself. Hank and Jan were currently taking possession Bruce's research lab, after which Jarvis had been instructed to guide them to one of the Penthouse's guest rooms.
"I've been drinking too, Tony." Pepper turned and called out to the SHIELD agents who were still pouring down the steps. "We need a medic here!"
"Partner," Tony said.
"And, Steve, if you're listening, no jumping out of the plane like you did on that pirate caper – you'll hit terminal velocity and I'm not kiddin' about the terminal. Iron Man out."
Tony took a deep breath, plainly steadying himself, then said, quietly. "We make a good team, Cap, and we have a better chance of finding out who attacked us and why – and preventing them from trying again – if we work together. Even if there are just the two of us, we're the Avengers. Now, please, come home."
"Well, you know Hank. Meticulous doesn't begin to do him justice. He always hangs on to experimental evidence, even when he's promised not to, right back to his student days, all beautifully catalogued. When they moved, he and Jan left everything that wasn't relevant to their current experiments behind them. A few days ago, I was asked to take a look at what they'd left – someone has reminded the Trustees that there are privacy issues in respect of some biological samples.
Stark wouldn't let himself be vulnerable to anyone. Probably not even Miss Potts. Steve said, carefully, "You mean your girl walked out on you because you couldn't explain what you were going to say to her when you thought you were dying? And she knows you better than anyone on Earth? You know, I think she might just come back, Tony."
He was over by a newly opened sliding door, and his presence was almost as compelling as...
The tension inside Tony eased a little. "So you were going to pretend you were Peggy?" he said to Carter.
He had observed as much to Danvers, who had nodded. "Yeah. Plainly, they don't trust the USAFSF. Pity. It would be nice to have sniper cover."
"Boss," Friday said. "I think you better go take a look at Captain Rogers."
"Cap!" That was Iron Man's electronically distorted voice, so it was coming through the air itself and not the com-link. "Can you stay afloat? I need to get this fool to hospital."
"Well, goody for him. He's paid to wait, and paid damn well. In fact, as I pay him—"
For the first time, he felt a faint touch of hope.
"It wasn't sold to me." Truth.
The landing was as smooth as any Tony had experienced and they disembarked into a hot pre-dawn which was likely, he thought gloomily, to get much hotter.
Jan's expression was saying, quite clearly, "Are we keeping the truth from her?"
Tony took a deep breath to yell, then let it out slowly. "Thank you," he heard himself say. "I may need to do that, but can we table it for the moment, until I've had a chance to consider my approach."
I apologise profusely for the time this has taken to update. The plot of this chapter proved... er.. evasive.
For the first time, the Panther's smile was friendly. "No, you allowed me to hack your systems."
It was frighteningly erotic. Steve wanted to run, though he was not sure his knees would hold him, so he gritted his teeth and refused to take even a single step backwards.
Steve's reply was almost inaudible, but Tony got the impression his temper was fraying.
"Steven?" Thor said. "Did Anthony not tell yo—?" He broke off abruptly as Tony cleared his throat.
He downed two of the former and one of the latter, together with the coffee, while U created a supplementary double espresso.
Tony reached in and switched off the shower. "Steve? What's wrong?"
, knew me
As they scrambled back through the forest, he was busy working out just how he was going to raise his suspicions with Steve, or whether he ought to at all.
"You would." Steve protested. "You're..."
No wonder so many people were so cynical...
"You can have a proper meal later. But meanwhile," Tony said, wrinkling his nose and steadfastly ignoring the effect that look was having on his stomach – not to mention his groin, "I think you'd better take a shower. That is, if you can get up and hobble into the bathroom without falling over, Old Man." He rose to his feet and held out his hand. "Or shall I call the suit and carry you?"
"Hence what appears to be an attempt at a villain goatee?"
"You shrank Dr Ross?" Tony was delighted.
They were sipping their coffee when Miranda arrived. She closed the door firmly behind her, and while accepting their profuse compliments on the food, was plainly on a mission. "I have a message for you from the boss," she told Tony. "He says 'I'm grateful—'"
Unfortunately, much as he wanted to race onshore and search for Tony, Steve knew she was talking good sense. He nodded curtly and she scrambled away towards the prow.
But ahead, towers were rising from the horizon, glowing with golden light.
"He defied Odin to save me, and to bring me back here," Steve insisted.
"Is that why you went for the elevator? Jarvis said you'd do it that way. I thought you'd try for the armour."
"No," Steve said quietly. "Not unless you come with me. You're just as exhausted as I am, and if I'm right about what's in that flying dustbin, I'm not leaving you alone with it." Behind that golden mask, Tony must be hurting and desperately worried, for all his own attempts at reassurance.
In triumph, she'd called Rhodey to tell him about it, assuming he was on her side. Rhodey, however, had been horrified that she'd gotten not just into SI's legal Department's files but, through them, to Roberta's home computers.
"Who are you, the den mother?" Clint asked cheerfully.
"No, seriously, Tony, if your father kept notes..."
"I'm not. I'm angry with SHIELD in general and Fury in particular. I don't like being lied to, and I don't like being manipulated. You've been Fury's tool in both. I have no reason to trust you."
"Why? Me living certainly won't please your Norn Queen girlfriend."
Tony, meanwhile, was into the vehicle's front seat, assessing the controls. The vehicle was floating a couple of feet above the ground so whatever powered it was probably still running. The control yoke was like that of a conventional aircraft but, instead of a rudder bar under his feet, there were two pedals within reach of his left foot, and a short bar under his right.
"Because he was a coward," Tony said harshly. "Because he thought you were, and I quote him, 'the best and most moral man I ever met.'"
"Communications were bad in the wake of Sandros," Natasha said. "So when we first lost contact with Cap we didn't worry. He'd said that he would be heading back East, eventually, but there was something he and the Wasp had to do first. But there's been nothing since that first call from California."
"It's the latest of a dozen texts from Virginia Potts – I take it that's actually Pepper," Bruce said. "Are you sure you want me to...?"
He was lying. Steve could tell he was lying. But to him and Bruce? Why?
"Is that why you wanted me to put on the suit?" Tony asked. "To get that metal between you and my – body?" The last sentence was interrupted by a huge yawn.
Stomping out of Pepper's office suite, Tony took the elevator to his workshop, where he switched on the mobile phone, threw it onto a workbench, and addressed Jarvis. "This mobile phone was sent to me by Romanoff. It's supposed to contain an urgent message, but it will be encrypted. The Black Widow apparently thinks that you and I can crack it."
"If that just means you're going to play around in your workshop, you can attend the meeting with the Trade Undersecretary at eleven—"
Even if he'd never gone to college or played football.
"I don't care if you've been put in charge by God himself. My personnel—"
The result of this split concentration was that, on his return lap, he didn't see the jetty and his hand struck one of the piers with bruising force, making him yelp.
The pause before Tony answered was too long. "I don't know. At least they might understand. I'll go get Cap."
T'Challa ran a hand over his short-cropped hair. "You are right, of course. But it would make things so much easier with the Council if I followed at least one tradition." He sighed, then returned to business. "Is the plane on our airstrip yours?"
"Hey—" Tony began, only to find Bruce's hand over his mouth. He chewed at it, and received a rap on the back of the head for his pains.
"Yeah. She's dealing with her personal e-mails."
He was still Chairman of the Board. Pepper didn't want that job and, as Natasha had pointed out (or the legal Department had advised her), corporate governance was far better if the jobs were split so the Chairman could do his assigned job of keeping watch on the CEO. Keeping a watch on Pepper, as often as possible, was no hardship. Recent events, which had resulted in Government investigators crawling over some of the biggest firms in the country where the jobs were still combined, had confirmed that advice. Tony definitely wanted the Chairmanship out of the hands of any of the other members of the sometimes (often) hostile Board, if nothing else.
The equations, white against the dim room, hovered in the air in front of him. There were parts of Selvig's analysis of the Tesseract that were tantalisingly familiar, while others were awkward or mind-bogglingly strange. Selvig thought that the Tesseract had a kind of sentience, or at least purpose, but Tony wasn't so sure.
Tony came close to panicking, but by then his arms had closed around Steve and Steve was clinging to him and he was almost overwhelmed by waves of tenderness and desire.
The intruder was not Tony, at least; he was twice as wide and, well, bald, and he braked to a stop when he spotted the empty bed, his back still to Steve. It was the work of a moment to grab him in a choke hold and render him unconscious.
Steve shook his head, sending water flying into Tony's face. He ignored it.
"Tony, what are you talking about?" Steve's voice held a familiar plaintive note.
So... "Where's Mr Stark?" he asked.
Not, Steve supposed, that that uncharacteristic compliance was going to last, but he'd take advantage of it while he had the chance.
Tony shrugged. "I'm not a lawyer, but unless anyone's record equals Perry Mason's, they don't stay on my team."
"Shall I give you the grand tour?" the elder Stark went on. "Let you have time to process?"
No one had told
"No. No, I don't think that about you," Steve protested. "That's what makes it so terrible. You ask me how old I am, Tony. I don't know! Sometimes I think I was born just over a week ago."
"They won't take the risk. Not if they figure you're out of the game – and I can arrange that. They don't have the evidence to convict Steve Rogers of major charges. With your record, it would be political suicide. And no one knows what really happened at the end outside those actually present. They won't call Vision to court to testify against you because he isn't human, or Natasha because they remember all too well last time they tried it. Or Wanda because they're terrified that she can manipulate their minds. That leaves me. I'm not going to testify against you."
For his friends to still be friends.
"Cap," Iron Man said, "there are things I don't want anyone else to see. I need you to distract those guys while I collect what remains of War Machine: there might be something left that shouldn't be in the wrong hands. Just let me get the First Aid Kit from the transporter, and I'll give you a lift to the road."
"It convinced me that you came by your vibranium honestly, if in a manner disturbing for our security." The Panther paused, then added, "It seemed that we were in danger of being overtaken by your new technology, of losing the advantage that being a source of natural vibranium could give us. I... the King and his Council began to consider whether we should approach you to offer to supply your vibranium ourselves."
"Your father says she is." But Steve's expression had brightened a little.
"I can't do anything about Peggy. Dates, yeah, maybe. That's up to you. But I can give you a home, Steve. I always intended to."
All the electricity? "What? Wait. I thought we had a power failure here!"
Tony was already taking the stairs two at a time, because that was faster than the elevator. Yelling to the house computer he barrelled through the doors into his own apartment, and dived onto the repulsor platform that led to his armoury.
"When
And why was Rhodey so damn annoyed that he hadn't been in the Tower? And why, indeed, had he been so sure that Tony would be there? There was only one answer. "Why have you been spying on me?" he demanded.
A force field glittered over the opening hatch. Iron Man and the Captain moved through it in unison. Steve hopped onto Iron Man's boot. The repulsors hummed, and then they were off into the dark.
"Let me see."
"Scared of me, Stark? Really?" Fury sounded gratified.
Steve snuggled as close as he could. He'd huddled for warmth in the Alpine cold with members of the Howling Commandos often enough, and been grateful for the protection of battledress and blankets, for the most part. Now he was naked, the sheets smooth and sensuous against his skin, as was Tony's T-shirt against his cheek. Not as sensuous though, as Tony's calloused hands on his back, skin on skin, the softer brush of the hair on his arms, his own skin ultra-sensitive to every touch, every small movement magnified, each nerve ending seemingly connected straight to his groin. He was suddenly very glad that the lower part of his body was hidden under the sheets.
"God, that's good," Tony gasped. "Your hands are...  oh Christ..."
"And you can relax, guys," Tony said. "This is the Wasp. Wasp, Hawkeye and the Black Widow."
When Steve came back to consciousness, it was to the sound of voices, and to pain. That had shifted. It was now at the front of his chest, just beneath his collarbone. He was used to enduring pain; it was the one thing that had remained constant in his life before and after Project Rebirth. Pushing it to one side, he listened in on the conversation.
The Wakandans fell in behind them; Tony hoped they were only an honour guard.
He dismissed the thought, smiled, and said, "Let's get you both out of here."
Meanwhile, Tony had put the finishing touches to the next iteration of Iron Man and set the manufacturing bots to work, dealt with reports from Seattle and Stark Energy branch offices and...
Steve had been trying to place her accent, which seemed to have elements of French, Spanish and the English West Country, with a touch of Deep South. He said, "Thank you, ma'am. The way Tony's been talking, this is going to be a real treat."
"Good," Steve said, in pure relief.
"Never," Jan's voice said cheerfully from behind them. "Except about sex and alcohol and making things go bang..." She was standing in the doorway, Hank and Steve flanking her, a frown slowly replacing the smile on her face as she took in Bruce's and Tony's expressions.
Bruce looked as if he was going to comment on that, then leaned forward, plainly about to switch off the link. Suddenly, he paused. "Steve, who knew that Tony would be in Seattle yesterday?"
Yet it had. Much as he enjoyed the flight, he would still rather be back at the hotel and in bed with him.
. He probably crewed it with SHIELD scientists and certainly sent it post haste into the frozen north. SHIELD had given up on Cap too."
He should have realised that Jarvis would have blocked the signal used by the women's cell phones as soon as he saw them being used as cameras, but Steve might have told him that he'd quietly purloined said cells while the women were at breakfast and deleted all the incriminating photographs.
Compelled to find an answer, he grabbed for Tony's own favourite tactic: diversion. "I'm just... just a bit down, I guess. Worried. And puzzled."
"Huh?"
"Even if we did – and aren't Jan and Betty waiting for those clothes? – it's not what I want right now."
Even as he finished pulling the last knot tight, the man's legs came up, kicking for his groin. Steve twisted to block with his thigh. The man avoided contact and spun his way to his feet. Steve had seen films where people did something similar, but had always assumed it was a special effect. Now he realised he was facing an all-too-real martial artist.
"Indeed, sir.  If you had dialled this number from New York, Captain, you certainly would not have reached any number in the UK without adding 011 44 and subtracting the first zero.  Furthermore that is not a Winchester number, but a London one.  Or it would be if it were not a digit too long. I cannot find it listed in any telecom company records, either here or in the UK.  I suspect it transfers to a cell somewhere in the United States."
"You scared me yesterday," Tony said. "And if I'd known about that injury—"
Behind the falling man, a dozen of the mercenary soldiers, in their green jungle camouflage battledress, rounded the bend in the pathway, their guns already in their hands.
"If the crowd sees you it will tear you apart."
"Put it on hold for ten minutes, Jarvis," Steve said.
"You're not saying the President knows about this?" Betty was horrified.
His father's palms were coated in grey-white dust. Tony looked down at his bare arms, where the shape of his father's hands showed clearly as smudges on a thin white crust...
The warrior flinched. "My lady's champion."
He was safe. Oh, thank God.
"Could you switch the shower off? And the lights in the bathroom?"
Hill sighed. "I don't know why Fury thought you'd give me anything. You going to give me a lift down?"
"I've already returned the Time Stone to you and the Mind Stone to Loki's Sceptre which is hidden at Stark Tower," he continued. "We'll need to retrieve Mjolnir at some point; it must be returned to Asgard along with the Reality Stone. For that you need someone who is worthy to wield it – the hammer, not the Stone. Which is why they sent Cap and why we'll need him. Or Thor. But I really don't want to talk to Thor right now. Things are complicated enough."
"We're not in touch with Steve right this minute," Natasha told him. "Trust us this time, Tony. We need you out of there."
He hadn't managed it by the time the horses pulled to a halt just in front of the dome, Thor reaching out a hand to the grey's reins to reinforce herd instinct.
T'Challa turned to look at Steve. "What does the strategist say?"
"My right plate... twice counter-clock, once clock..."
A search which would probably continue for the next several years.
"Where?"
"Rogers, what are you doing out of bed?" Tony Stark, dressed in black slacks and a filthy Stark Industries T-shirt, was standing in the doorway, looking stern. It was not an expression that sat well on him.
As he exited, he heard Jan's unmistakeable chuckle. "You have to give it to Tony: judging him by the quality – and maybe the quantity – of his enemies leaves him way ahead of the field."
The women exchanged glances. "He wouldn't," Betty said but she did not sound certain.
Tony nodded. "Same at M.I.T. Anyhow, this transporter or portal or teleporter does have a weakness – it's double-ended. It needs a device placed at the reception point. So I would suggest, T'Challa son of T'Chaka, that you have a traitor working for these people – and as they seem to be able to go abroad at will, I'd take a hard look at the members of the Hatut Zeraze."
"His vital signs show indications of returning to normal levels, Steve," Jarvis answered.
Tony touched Steve's arm, nodded towards Hank, then stepped sideways, the Hulk's eyes following him as he moved clear of Steve, drawing the beast's attention.
"—giving me a ride in her pocket so I could explore the place as the Wasp."
"Yeah."
Steve charged through the door into the shadowed interior.
"No. I can't. We can't. You don't understand. Something big is building, Steve. You know it, and I know it. But there's just too much data, too many possibilities."
"...perhaps it was a leprechaun?" This was a new voice, arch and mocking.
"Stark!"
This time he was going to make sure the fucking thing stayed dead. After all, he was wearing armour that had taken out Chitauri-turtle-dragons.
"Actually, that makes me more nervous," Steve said.
Iron Man dived after it.
He was going to be cold, but it was better than being blind—
Jan was looking at him shrewdly, but what she said was, "Rules are made to be broken: that's my motto."
"Not a problem," said Hank. "Bruce figured we might be putting the base in jeopardy by going to help you and Cap, so Jan and I shrank down everything of importance. It's sitting in the truck we drove to Oklahoma City. Even Bruce doesn't know how to return it to normal size. As for the computer data, we removed the hard drives and shrank them too."
"It may not be dangerous in itself." Bruce was looking abnormally grim. "But if I was still working on the super-soldier program and had gotten access to it I'd also be demanding access to Steve, to his blood and other tissue samples. And
he thought, even though who 'they' might be was something of a mystery. But then he was a mystery to himself.
He had been grateful for that as he'd worked to patch up an unconscious Captain America.
"There's nothing restore," Steve said. "My long term memory's blank."
"Alien?"
"Because they knew where we were going," Tony contributed, without opening his eyes.
"I'll reimburse her then," Tony said, with a wink at Jan. "So I take it that that was why you locked yourself away in the lab while we were all out Avengering. I suspect you were more productive. Go on."
"John. Lieutenant in the Air Force, seconded to NASA. Again, according to Jan."
"The doors to the mine are indeed closed," Jarvis said. "Unable to analyse their composition. Do you wish me to deploy missiles?"
The HUD was going crazy in its attempt to track the threats.
They arrived in what was, presumably, the London Sanctum, by portal, though, as Tony remarked, at least the Ancient One was polite about asking them to step through and therefore much to be preferred to Strange's portal-side manner.
He wasn't sure why he was so angry; Pepper still cared about him, even if she had found someone new. Okay. That was fine. So long as whoever-it-was made her happy, didn't hurt her, that was fine, it was, so long as it wasn't Steve...
Her face was grave as she said, "Tony, darling, you look dreadful. How long is it since you slept?"
Rain battered down and thunder roared as Tony, armourless and helpless, held Steve's ice-cold body in his arms as the Hulk bounded towards them, Betty Ross sitting on his shoulder.
Fury's frown grew deeper. "You gonna talk to me like that, or open the faceplate?"
Tony grinned to himself. The Iron Man had been hit by Thor's lightning. This style-challenged idiot couldn't have the same impact.
And then there had been...
"Video now!" Tony barked, and the holograms sprang to life.
"Your opinion. We need evidence. Let me go in."
As he rose into the air he saw what purported to be a Sikorsky S-70C in commercial livery swinging into as tight a turn as it could manage at the sight of the Iron Man. He was willing to bet that it was armed with as many guns as its Blackhawk relative, but its pilot knew when it was outgunned.
"I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, babe," Tony was whispering into his hair, "but, God, you scared me. I thought you were dead – I knew you were dead – I can't..." Steve could feel his breath against his hair, followed by the touch of what could only be lips.
"Jeb, this is Carol Danvers."
But had Steve actually been listening?
"I believe," Tony said steadily, "that there is one thing we can do to guarantee that they can't get me to testify against you on a Federal charge, at least not without my lawyers fighting all the way to the Supreme Court."
She was only just in time. Doom – or whatever facsimile it happened to be – was now fully materialised, and an unknown woman – white haired, slim to the point of thinness, ethereal, lovely, definitely alien – stood beside him. She did not look happy to be there.
"If he rests his eyes, gets some sleep, and reports back here if his vision isn't fully restored by tomorrow morning, then I suppose so."
He felt useless without access to either the Iron Man, Jarvis or, indeed, any computer. His fingers itched for a keyboard, for his holographic displays. He'd give anything right now for a crap tablet or even, God help him, an iPhone, though if anyone at Apple ever heard about it they'd never let him live it down...
The Doombot clanked across to the fallen artefact, lifted it in its hands and unwrapped it. "This is a thing of great power," it said, its eyes turning to Tony. "It is unsuited to you. This belongs to Doom, who will use it to retrieve his family's souls."
"I'll come to the workshop with you," Steve said, as firmly as he could manage. "I'd like to talk to Thor too."
"That she was shovelling info in SHIELD's direction, which was then leaking to all and sundry. Come on, don't look so damn innocent, because I don't believe it for an instant. She hired you."
By the time they were through the door, Jan was in the process of seating herself on the bed. She looked from Tony to Steve and said, brightly, "Been celebrating, boys? So were we."
"Loki's always fool him," Natasha said after a slight hesitation.
"Doesn't act like it," Tony pointed out. "Stop talking as if you and your body are two different—" He stopped in mid-flight for nearly ten seconds, then rolled on top of Steve, pinning him to the mattress. "That's it," he said. "That's what's bothering you. That's why you kept pushing me away. You think I'm in love with the legend of Captain America but you don't really believe you could have been him. Well, I'm not. I'm in love with the man I picked out of the Long Island mud."
“I tried, Buck, but…” Steve let out, but couldn’t finish.
too fast. Peter wants to go on some trip to Europe with his classmates, but Tony’s having the most difficult time letting him go. “What are you going to do when he goes to college?” Steve rightfully inquires. But it turns out Tony might have been right. However, the danger ends up being not too far away from New York City.
about.”
Bruce, not picking up on Tony’s obvious unwillingness to elaborate, continued. “What did you guys have? I was thinking about bringing my lunch but decided against it because that new Romanian place opened up down—”
“Dr. Blake, you’re with Stark.” Thor nodded in Tony’s general direction. Tony shoved his hands into his jeans as he barely nodded back.
“And don’t say something obvious like
Steve looked over at Tony. “What’s going on?”
Natasha nodded as she exited the room to call Fury. Tony then turned away from Loki toward Bruce to tap on his phone furiously.
Both stared at each other before quickly looking away at the beach. Steve inhaled and exhaled sharply before looking over at Tony who was now looking everywhere else except in his direction.
“I see what’s going on, but I would be cautious if I were you,” Obadiah tightened his grip around Steve’s hand, “sleeping with Tony Stark carries a
Riri nodded slowly as she approached Tony who held the chip out for her to take. She looked at Tony before carefully taking the chip.
Steve nodded as he reached over to rub Tony’s arm. “It’s okay, Tony. We’re okay. More than okay.”
Tony nodded back slowly as he withdrew his hand. Steve had trouble trying to figure out why Tony was still acting strange from last night.
“Who is it?” Tony called even though he knew it was Peter.
Obadiah was sitting at his desk in his office, fidgeting around in his chair as he was having an extremely frustrating conversation on the phone.
Tony squinted at the message before he hit “send”. He bit his bottom lip as he waited for a reply from Steve.
“We got to talk a bit while working on the sequences despite not having everything we need.” She teased.
As the presentation came to a logical conclusion once again, Steve wrapped an arm around Tony’s waist.
Steve kissed Tony back. “I love you too, Tony.”
Steve chuckled as he reached over to pull Tony into a hug, feeling Tony hug him back, holding on tightly. They hugged each other for some time before Tony broke away, looking away from Steve before returning his gaze. Steve smiled at him, tilting his chin downward to a degree to kiss Tony. They kissed each other, the kiss moving deeply and slowly like it had countless times before.
Tony, as he turned his head at the sound of Steve’s voice, looked startled before relaxing. “Oh, Rogers…sorry. Can’t sleep…”
“Rogers!” Tony greeted a little too loudly as he reached out a hand, “glad you could make it.”
Tony was standing in a group with Rhodey and Pepper out on his balcony, discussing everything except business. It was nice having such a great group of friends, Tony thought as he listened to Rhodey detail his and Pepper’s vacation plans together. However, listening to his friends made him miss Steve even more, giving Tony more confidence to show how much he cared about him and missed him.
“Why don’t we go upstairs and get into bed?” Tony asked softly.
Steve traveled through the aisles until he reached the pharmacy. He walked up to the counter, looking around anxiously for a free technician.
“How long is he staying?” Peter asked trying to get out of his seat. Tony reached over to help him with the belt.
He grinned as he patted Steve on the chest, dragging his hand downward a bit. Steve blushed, but didn’t pull away, although he was a little annoyed that Tony had taken so easily to calling him “Cap” recently. Tony kept grinning before turning around to address Natasha and Clint.
Tony hurried out of the lab, barely hearing Steve respond. He hustled back to his office, shutting the door behind him as he entered. He looked around the office, as if searching for something that would stop his heart from exploding. He counted to himself, closing his eyes as he breathed deeply.
“Hey.” Steve greeted, sliding an arm around Tony’s waist.
Steve used his thumb to stroke the inside of Tony’s hand. Tony scooted closer toward Steve, freeing his hand to hook it around the latter’s shoulders to give him a semi hug.
Tony proudly explained Steve’s recent contribution as everyone else around the room looked very impressed. Steve’s whole body flushed, but the coloration in his face was now mostly due to Tony still holding on to him as he continued to speak. At one point, before letting go, Steve was sure he felt Tony rub his shoulder with his thumb.
As he closed his eyes, he thought about Project Synergy, the team, and working with Tony Stark. Steve had heard stories about Tony, but the man he met today didn’t appear all that horrible. Besides a few snide comments and moments of awkward staring, Tony seemed like someone Steve could grow to respect. He had worked with difficult people before and this wouldn’t be any different.
Tony looked around his office as if searching for any clues on how to decipher the subject heading. He then refocused his attention onto the monitor, debating with himself whether he should click on such an email that could possibly contain a cripplingly virus.
Thor crossed his arms.  “I think they’re toward the end of the month. Maybe a Friday or a Saturday?”
“Uh, well. It was Obadiah…” Steve rocked back and forth on his heels looking downward again as he heard Tony groan.
Tony looked ahead of himself as he suddenly remembered what Steve was referring to. He then burst out laughing from the memory.
Tony kept his back facing Steve as he nodded before picking up pace to get to his office. As soon as he was behind his closed office door, he could feel his chest restricting with pain, but it was different from the sensations he had been feeling earlier. Tony eyes landed on his desk as he spotted the original schematics his dad had drawn up of the Synergy device. He slowly approached the desk before angrily shoving the documents onto the floor. He turned around with a groan, slumping downward.
I WILL ALWAYS CHOOSE YOU
“Brucieeee?” Legolas took his cheeks happy to see him.
"I don’t believe you."
“What's the matter, honey?”
"She's cute ..." he shrugs, feigning disinterest at the tan's reaction.
"Don’t apologize, it's okay" he licked his lips. "Can I ask something?"
"That's what he said." He shrugged. "I'll respect that.”
Tony smiled tenderly and went to the lips of the blonde to paste them lightly.  A soft sensation crossed their bodies.  One full of love  Without thinking that a few meters away a blonde was cursing them in all possible languages.
“Why are you still with him?  You're going to be alone again, Pepper was the beginning of your misfortunes and your failures, "he pointed at Steve." He will not last you a lifetime and you know that too well.”
The Soldier bit his lips, he realized that for Natasha, but he did not want anything else with that blonde. He liked another person ... maybe one he's seeing at that moment.
"You don’t know her."
"I help you with that, iron man?"
"You also noticed it" she smiled crossing her arms. "I had not noticed anything, I swear, but apparently everyone knew less about us.”
"We are in another era, Cap. The people of today are more civilized and aware that this is not a disease or something horrible. "
"How? This is my mansion. "
"She thought I would not dare tell you ever."
"It's not cute, Rogers."
"Damn mischief!" Cried Carter. "Tony would not have known anything!”
To say that Tony was surprised was very little, he was in shock, he could not move any part of his body let alone talk, that had come as a surprise, a lot, he didn’t  expect to attract the Soldier and that is, who expected it? Nobody! Steve's gaze was on the brief movement of the glass that was in the dark man's hand, he looked up at Tony's perfect face and sighed deeply.
"T-Tony n-no ..."
“You should be with me, Steve.  We are for each other.  I heard that old music to be with you and talk, I investigated those years, we talked about my aunt, your first love I should be the second! "His eyes shone full of tears." You should have loved me.”
Sharon shrugged.  Unable to tell him more, he smiled again and looked him up and down.  He had that immense desire to kiss him and have him in his bed every night, he knew it was a very appropriate moment for his plan;  Stark was on the floors below and also, finding out about that he did not think possible.  He heard the soldier sigh looking at that strange device and in a hurry: he approached him snatching the device from his hands, finally took the back of his neck and pulled him to kiss him intensely.
"Tony .."
"Yes, the party is about to end" he took off a bit from the other. "Where do you want to talk? My room or on the balcony? "
"I don’t want to be bothered anymore, Rogers and you are my best friend, you will do me that favor."
"What are you doing here?"
“What?”
(...)
"You know him quite well."
"What? Why?"
Tony took Steve out to dance, at first he didn’t want to, but he didn’t know how to convince him. Both were laughing on the track, crashing several times with others and never imagined that the music would change to a slow. Natasha pulled the God to dance with her, as did Clint to Bruce, leaving them two in the middle of everything. Did they have to dance like that? Hugged? Rogers hadn’t planned, but that dance was his specialty.
For Tony: Sharon wasn’t a rival and that infuriated the blonde from head to toe.
"I've thought about it many times, and I will not risk it again."
"Not like that, but I know what it feels like and I think telling that person would be much worse."
“I have two weeks that I arrived and everything is out of control here.”
"I can’t tell you."
“I warned him about the drinks.” the redhead denied feigning discomfort.  They dropped them on the sofa, and the archer laughed at the abruptness.
"Don’t bring Carter."
"Really?"
He saw suitcases on the side, while he took off his glasses to analyze the girl. The two looked at each other at the same time and Sharon was the one who spoke when he came out of his amazement.
And Steve to feel the lips of Tony knew he had won everything, that the love of his life accepted him for life, and could not ask for more because he already had everything.
"Huh?" She clung to the dark man's hands, drawing him to her body with the little strength he held at that moment. "Why do the lights shine all over the room? You want to dance?”
"Mm ..." he raised a confused eyebrow. "Returning to our previous talk, I want to tell you that you should risk it, it's not like you're going to lose your life for that."
Stark clung to the slender body of the Captain, resting his cheek on his shoulder. Steve couldn’t be more blushed and with emotion in the air. What does that Tony action mean? I had no answer, but I would enjoy that moment.
"I realized when you woke up and I couldn’t with happiness."
"W-what?"
“I always do, Romanov.”
Sharon laughed.
(...)
"And why not?"
"The day we beat Loki?"
"Your hand is shaking," Steve said in a whisper. He watched their hands and realized that he was indeed trembling. "You don’t have to hold my hand, Tony. We can talk later."
Tony no matter what, he got more attached to the Captain and looked around, it was the perfect opportunity to see Sharon's odious. He searched, searched and searched, until he found her. She was watching them furiously and her hands against her chest. He smiled triumphantly.
"You also needed me."
Tony huffed.
"Yes, I don’t know who invited her."
"There are things that we should confess in those moments, it happened to me."
"What? No, I don’t like her."He frowned. "she is my friend."
IT'S YOU
The millionaire rolled his eyes after looking at the newcomer coming down from the elevator, what was there wrong stained? He did not remember inviting her. He looked at her, and came to the conclusion that this blue dress did not favor him at all. He continued to criticize her in his mind, unaware of the presence of a person who looked at him mockingly.
“Don’t tell me you have to leave too, Rogers.” Tony joined them standing.
Steve stopped moving, lying back down on his back to stare up at the ceiling. “I’m trying to read the instructions…” He answered with a frustrated sigh.
Tony scrunched up his face at the draft text message. Maybe it sounded a little too casual? Maybe a little too desperate? Had he even called him Steve to his face? Why was he wishing him a good night?
Some time passed as Steve humped Tony’s body before Tony sat up straight, kissing Steve as he held onto him before flipping him over onto his back. He kissed Steve along his neck and then the side of his body, stopping short to feel Steve’s cock with one hand.
“Tony! Stop!” The sudden rise in Steve’s voice shocked himself and Tony.
“So, what do you have for us, Fury?” Bruce had taken his eyeglasses off to rub the bridge of his nose. Steve had never seen him so agitated before.
“I don’t think so…I’m just lying in bed.”
Tony nodded; he could tell that Steve had picked up on his palpable anxiety. “Yeah, I think so.” He managed.
the worst thing I’ve been caught doing.” Tony smirked at Steve; his hair tousled in such a way that made Steve stare at him dumfounded.
Peter inhaled deeply which caused both Steve and Tony to laugh.
Tony acknowledged the interloper before glancing upward at Steve; he smiled. “I gotta go…” he whispered, making a move to walk away from Steve, but now holding on to his hand.
Tony grinned. “He’s
“—have a scheduled appointment at 9:30 this morning.” J.A.R.V.I.S. finished without missing a beat.
Tony was sure he looked taken aback by Steve’s action, but it made him smile slightly. “Well, uh, thanks, Rogers. I can’t believe you remember something like that…”
Gamora nodded as she reached out a hand to rub her sister’s arm who at first recoiled before settling. Gamora knew all too well what their father was capable of, which is why she had sent the weapon’s data to the Synergy team.
this isn’t meaningless to me!”
Tony sighed as he looked around himself, tapping his phone a few times in the palm of his hand before he decided on his next move. He took a deep breath as he pulled up May’s contact profile before pressing the call button.
Tony turned around with a huge grin. “Hey! Who knew
As they drove along, Tony grinned a little too widely as he thought about Steve finally meeting Peter.
Tony nodded slightly. “I guess…that’s true…maybe I could learn a thing or two from you, Rogers.”
Steve dragged his feet to the kitchen, finding Sam sitting at the table, reading on a tablet, and drinking a cup of coffee. Ever since moving in with Shuri and receiving new responsibilities at work, Steve and Bucky rarely saw Sam. It wasn’t until recently that Sam had taken the effort to catch up with his friends at their old apartment. He still had a copy of the keys so he would drop by whenever. Steve appreciated seeing Sam more, but the fight with Tony was dragging his spirits down.
Steve nodded once more, but didn’t respond verbally. Tony noticed that he was mostly talking to himself as he turned slightly to acknowledge Steve.
hot—”
“How did you two meet?”
Tony sighed as he patted Steve on the arm. “Oh my god, chill, Cap. I’m trying to alleviate an already tensed situation.” He responded with an eye roll, not really sure with himself whether he was referring to the situation with Loki or Bucky moving in with Steve.
Steve stared at Sam before slowly turning to face Bucky. Part of him wanted to call Bucky out for talking to Sharon behind his back, but he was also mindful of the fact that Bucky had probably done so to look out for everyone’s best interests. Also, Steve knew his closest friend would come to him eventually, and that Bucky was right to sense that Steve’s intentions with Tony were probably beyond a friendship.
“Oh my god, Tony…” Steve breathed as he watched Tony.
Tony took a moment. “Would…you like to come over here so we can have some privacy? Peter’s over at a friend’s tonight…”
“Hey, Cap...” Bucky began, looking concerned for his friend.
Tony chuckled before straightening up in his chair.
“Okay, that might be something that I do, but I rather not cause friction between the two of us. I’ll be the bigger person.”
to confirm.”
“So…” Clint glanced back and forth at Bruce and the group, “in non-nerd speak, we’re fucked either way?”
“…did…I ever tell you about the last conversation I had with my mother before she died?” Steve added as Tony agonized over faded memories.
Tony turned to face Obadiah who was still very silent. The two men stared at each other as Fury and Pepper continued to comment on the news.
Tony waved at a waiter. “Well, I bet you’re still having a better weekend than me.”
He whined to himself, looking around the damaged area.
“Rogers, I understand why you’re nervous, but I really don’t think we’re in any danger…” He stepped in front of Steve, sliding his hands up and down the latter’s arms.
“That’s correct. Although a substantial portion of Roosevelt Island was lost during the explosion that rocked the city, Stark Industries is working on putting the island back together.”
Peter nodded once more as Tony readjusted his pillow before sitting back again. “Also, I’ll only keep seeing Steve if you’re okay with it. It’s important to me that you like him.”
“…Peter asks about him all the time…he was so upset when I told him Steve and I broke up…and I didn’t realize how much I cared—care about Steve until it was too late…but I think I can get him back…something about seeing him again makes me feel like maybe I have a chance, you know?”
But he couldn’t help himself. Feeling Tony like this had been better than he had ever expected, and he couldn’t slow down his body’s movements.
Tony had to prevent his face from expressing how confused he felt on the inside. Here they were, having not established any boundaries with the status of their relationship and Steve was fine with him being around Pepper. He had never been in a situation like this before, but something about it felt strangely comforting.
Tony sighed as he backed away from the microphone. He looked over at Steve before continuing. “The trams to Manhattan stop running in an hour—”
Tony couldn’t stop smiling; not only was Peter okay with having dinner with Steve, he actually seemed excited about it.
“I’m going to work in my office. Please
Steve blushed slightly from the attention. “Oh well, he’s easy to be around…,” he scooted closer toward Tony, “so are you…” he finished softly.
Pepper expressed concern. “Why? What happened?”
“Tony, I did my homework and cleaned my room…can I stay at the party later?” Peter asked as he watched Tony finish getting ready.
Shuri turned around to point at the section of the device she was referring to. Both Tony and Bruce nodded timidly as they approached the table to get a better look.
Tony and Bruce quickly acknowledged each other before answering.
“Now in other news. Having trouble keeping taps on your children? Hammer Industries has created an insertable chip that lets you monitor their
Tony held his phone above his head as he stared at the last message to Rhodey. He saved it as a draft, deciding, or really forcing himself, to get Steve to be honest with him, but figured he could do so when they got back to New York; he needed some time to figure out how to broach the subject calmly, which was something a therapist told him he needed to work on.
“Why aren’t you as drunk as I am right now?” He leaned forward as if the move would help him further investigate as to why Steve was the most sober person at the party.
“…I’m so…close, Tony…” Steve let out, but his body was one step ahead of him, groaning as he came instantly.
Tony waved the computer off as he watched the intruder slowly turn around, immediately recognizing the mechanical engineering undergrad he had met at Steve’s graduation from a while back.
Pepper smiled, although it was weaker than usual. “Tony, it’ll be okay. And I’m going to keep you updated, all right?” She let go of the elevator door before stepping in. She waved as Tony waved back at her.
“Now speaking as—well you know.” Tony grinned.
A holographic image of a device appeared in the middle of the conference table. Everyone crowded around it to get a better look.
“And?” Tony added, looking at Peter as if he were another scientist at Stark Industries.
Steve managed to smile back, realizing that he was probably talking himself too seriously, per usual.
Tony nearly screamed out loud, losing his shit as he watched Steve half undress. He couldn’t leave now for fear of offending Steve, but he also couldn’t stay for fear of accidentally (or really on purpose) touching Steve. His brain almost short circuited as he watched Steve slide into the bed and pat the empty space next to him. Tony couldn’t believe what was happening.
“Obie, there’s nothing new to see yet. We’re trying to figure out the full capability of the device. Once that happens, I’m
Steve shook his head. “Nothing that…was just…”
“Do they?” Obadiah questioned intently. His expression was beginning to make Tony more uncomfortable than he had already been.
Tony nodded before walking back up to the console to retrieve his tossed tablet. As he worked through the data on the weapon, out of the corner of his eye, Tony could see Bruce staring at him worryingly.
“Can you leave tomorrow, late morning? I know this is super last minute.”
Natasha’s facial expression turned stern. “Less if you come clean.”
“First, we’ll have Barton and Romanov simulate locating the equations.” Fury pointed to Clint and Natasha. Clint waved as Natasha nodded sternly.
“I know, Steve. But whoever attacked Clint was probably looking for the device…” He explained, his voice trembling.
Tony turned a few degrees to address Steve. “Rogers, although the device is on lock, we can still test it. We’ll keep running those sequences.” Steve nodded emphatically.
Tony smiled weakly at Steve, almost turning irrepressibly red, thinking about the first time Steve had said something similar to him a while ago.
Steve was on his way up to Bucky and Sam’s suite, but of course he didn’t feel like having brunch. The argument with Tony earlier that morning was weighing heavy on his mind.
The band began playing as Tony played along with them. “Whenever I see your smiling face, I have to smile myself, because I love you, yes I do…” Tony started singing, immediately earning a slew of cheers from how unexpectedly nice his voice sounded.
Loki looked upward at Natasha before looking downward at the tablet. He stayed silent as the footage played in front of him.
“So,” Tony winked at Steve, “you know we won’t get any alone time while we’re out in Malibu.”
Steve grimaced as he tried to drag Loki away from the counter but before he could walk away someone smacked him in the face with a frying pan. Steve slumped to the side, grasping at the counter to hold himself up, as Loki ran away from him.
Steve dragged Tony to duck underneath a table. “Okay, I’m only going to say this once considering how dire the situation is,” Steve glared at his husband, trying to keep his anger in check, “but, Tony—”
Riri gasped with delight as a holographic image of the device appeared above the console.
Tony couldn’t help himself; Steve was all over him. But then he remembered why he had liked Steve in the first place. He
Dr. Selvig shook his head as he tried to walk away. “I can’t tell you that.”
As he finally reached his lab, Steve spotted through the glass façade Tony working at a console. He smiled to himself before entering the lab.
Steve smiled slightly before breaking out into a restrained laugh. Tony stared at him until he started laughing along. Steve stopped laughing to smile as he looked back at the inside of the mansion.
Steve smiled. He appreciated the kind message along with a note of expected arrival. He sat up to type back a reply.
Tony lingered on the floor. He drew his knees up to his chest before pressing his forehead against them. There was no way he would be able to sleep tonight, so he might as well go down to the Synergy lab and work until the others got in.
Tony pressed a button. “We now have full access to a material resource called vibranium.” A holographic image of a tube containing a glowing blue substance appeared in the air above the table. Everyone, if they weren’t already standing, rose out of their chairs to look closer at the image.
Tony glanced meekly at Steve before facing forward. “Maybe it sounds selfish, but I really feel like I can start over with him, you know? I know I’m not the best parent…but whenever he smiles at me it feels like I’m doing okay. That he’ll be all right and maybe I will be too…”
“Any possible contracts? Maybe the military?”
“Oh well, that’s nice of you to say.”
Tony laughed as he slung his work bag over his shoulder. “Of course, that’s all I can think about. You’re becoming quite the distraction, Rogers.” He motioned for Steve to follow him out of the conference room.
“Did you say Sam was here?” He asked, cocking his head somewhat to the side.
Tony nearly blinked with disbelief; He never expected Steve to give a shit about anything going on with him after the first simulation debacle. Or maybe his lab mate thought it was work-related?
“…I’m not entirely sure, but I think last night was supposed to be a date…remember when I told you he sounded nervous when he asked about dinner? And the restaurant was super nice…”
Tony shook his head. “Stop messing around first.”
“…was it about…your parents…?”
“Steve!” Tony shouted again. He tried to move toward Steve but was stopped by someone grabbing his arm.
“Hey,” Steve entered the room, “don’t tell me you’re thinking about leaving already.” He tried for a casual and playful tone despite the tension.
Steve was used to obeying orders and had always been an agreeable child and adult prior to entering the army. Inside, he was apprehensive about working so closely with Tony after witnessing his blasé behavior from before. But on the outside, Steve was just as resolute as ever.
“…Loki finally confessed that he planted an explosive at the police precinct while Selvig damaged the Synergy device…the traces of that explosive matched the chemical traces we found at Thanos’s lab…and from there, we made some more connections…”
“Uh—yes!” Tony shuffled around himself, trying to regain some control over his eagerness.
Steve laughed as they waved once more before exiting the stage. They were joined immediately by Bruce and Rhodey who then walked with them to a room filled with press agents. Rhodey motioned for everyone to take a seat. Steve pulled out a chair at the end of the table in front of the press pool, followed by Tony who was joined in the middle with Bruce. Rhodey sat down at the opposite end of the table.
Tony stared at Steve before suddenly put two and two together. “Oh! That’s
“Tony, do you think that’s a good idea?” He asked quietly, yet sternly, concerned for the state of his friend.
“Huh. Who knew making out was the only thing you needed to break the ice with Steve?” Bruce pondered out loud almost as an unintentional joke.
Tony chuckled. “I know a guy.” Thor still looked confused.
Tony had to stop himself from rolling his eyes again. He shifted in his seat but before he could say anything, Obadiah continued.
Steve stared at Tony realizing that he was asking him to feel his ass. Steve repositioned himself slowly taking his time moving his hand past Tony’s cock. Tony lifted his body somewhat slowly, moving side to side to get more comfortable. Steve ran his hand along Tony’s skin taking his time until he felt puckering. Tony moaned again, the way he did the last time Steve fucked him. Steve kept going, feeling the outside of Tony before rubbing with the lube.
Both Steve and Tony looked at each other before looking back at Peter. Peter’s bed was hardly big enough for him and Tony, but Steve would definitely hang off the edge if not fall off if he joined them.
“Anomalies?” Obadiah’s cool voice made the word sound more problematic than Tony had intended.
Tony nodded. “Yeah, well, his aunt watches him mostly, but when she needs to work Rhodey usually helps out when he’s in town. Sometimes Bruce and Pepper are free.”
Tony reached out a hand to caress Steve’s face. “Nope. I got it.” He answered with his own weary smile.
“If I don’t have anything to look forward to then I won’t be disappointed in the end.” He had tried for his answer to sound like a joke, but it was obvious that Bruce hadn’t appreciated the effort.
Gamora tapped the desk a few times to interrupt her father’s boisterous laughter. “We’ll have to choose the right venue. We can’t let what happened at that precinct happen again.” She reminded her family.
“The user—who is in our case, our newest team member, Steve Rogers, Columbia law student,” Tony paused for effect, grinning at everyone around the room, “—has the ability to input several functions into the device to replicate any material. However, if entered in incorrectly, the device will indicate so.”
“Welcome to Metropolis News! We have a great story to share this evening.”
She then nodded knowingly at Steve and Bucky. “I hear that Mr. Rogers is doing a great job on the team. You must be
Steve let out the cutest muffled noise that caused Tony to hug him even tighter.
The blast had injured Steve while also causing severe damage to Tony’s lab and the labs surrounding it. The main corridor leading to the labs had been emptied at the time of the explosion, so Steve had been the only person to sustain a significant injury.
Peter’s facial expression turned determined as he took his time pronouncing the word the way Tony had.
Tony shuffled back and forth on his feet again as he crossed his arms. He looked away from Steve, closing his eyes before slowly opening them to look directly at Steve.
Both Sam and Bucky winced, paired with a “damn, dude” and a “yikes”. Steve groaned again.
As Tony read off the figures, Steve could sense that his lab mate was trying to be careful not to trip him up while also reading as fast as possible. Steve quickly typed in the data; he was amazed with how efficient he had become with the machine hardware.
Bruce nodded as he adjusted his eyeglasses. “It wasn’t clear from the footage, but if Thanos is trying to construct something similar to the device, it’ll be more or less in the same spot. Shuri’s working on cleaning up more of the footage with Natasha down at S.H.I.E.L.D.”
“So, did you hear from Bruce about his date?”
“Dude, Buck,” Sam said immediately as he closed the door to the room behind him, “you need to relax and leave Tony alone.”
A knock on the bedroom door caused Tony to stop pacing. It opened slightly to reveal Steve.
“…he used to be a captain in the military, but now he works with me. His name is Steve.”
“Oh, is that so?” Tony leered back, making it known that he was on to Steve.
Peter Parker, Tony’s adopted nine-year-old son, was
“Banner. Are you
Tony crumpled up the note in his hand as he felt his eyes well up with a stream of unexpected tears. He sat on the edge of the bed, quietly sobbing to himself before unfurling the note to read it again. He wasn’t sure what to do; it would have been nice if Steve had listened to him before and not kept the diary, but it was good to hear that he was sorry.
“Bucky,” Tony stepped forward, now inwardly agonizing over learning about Steve’s current emotional state, but too annoyed with Bucky’s overly protective behavior to address it, “we all know that you and Steve have an inseparable bond forged in childhood, but I think I may know him a
“You’re
Obadiah grimaced at Fury before smiling back at the board. “Follow me and I’ll show you all the simulation suite.” Obadiah beckoned behind himself for everyone, except Fury and Bruce, to follow him to the suite.
Tony turned somewhat to address him again. He smiled, although the expression was no longer similar to his usual demeanor.
Steve sighed as he kept his hand in place. He glanced back at the conference room as the whole group was now huddled outside.
He turned to face the mirror with the stripped shirt. The more he looked at it, the less ugly the shirt appeared. Tony shrugged as he proceeded to change. He then joined Peter in the kitchen to wait for Rhodey.
“We found some traces from a chemical residue, but—”
Tony nodded as he joined Steve at the console. “Well, it was definitely easier after the last time we had to rebuild it.”
As the couples surrounding them began to dance slowly in time with the music winding down, Clint bowed theatrically in front of Natasha who sneered at her friend’s staged behavior. They then sauntered to the other side of the space, still within Tony’s and Steve’s view. Natasha positioned herself somewhat behind Clint as he handed her a miniature tablet. Natasha accepted the tablet before inserting the chip. After tapping on the tablet, Natasha found the mansion’s construction documents.
Steve nodded as he waited for Tony who definitely had more to say. “…but I thought we had good times, Steve…I really thought that…and I still do…”
Steve shook his head as if he were having a in-person conversation with May. “No, it’s okay. I’ll let Tony know that Peter is fine. Thank you, May.”
Tony rolled his eyes. He knew Obadiah meant that he missed being able to keep tabs on Tony like when he was younger. It had become more difficult for Obadiah to do so after Tony graduated from college and now a more mature Tony had basically shut him out of his personal and most of his business life. Pepper had advised Tony to only deal with Obadiah when necessary to keep up appearances with the board and investors. Tony had wanted to remove Obadiah from the company all together but knew that the board would turn on him if he had done so, let alone a majority of Stark Industries’ investors.
Steve moaned as Tony touched him, rocking his hips upward into Tony’s body as the feeling intensified. Steve pulled Tony forward to kiss him as Tony squirted some lube into Steve’s hands. Steve then reached forward to feel Tony’s ass, spreading his cheeks apart as he entered Tony with two fingers, fucking him slowly as Tony moaned from feeling Steve inside of him.
Both Fury and Agent Hill ignored Loki’s pleas as they walked briskly to the command center at S.H.I.E.L.D.’s headquarters.
“I’m going after him.” Steve responded without hesitation as he slid toward the opening of the helicopter.
Tony laughed, but he grimaced before reaching over to hug her again. “Okay, so let’s get this meeting out of the way.” Tony pulled away from Pepper before walking down the hallway to prepare for the board meeting.
“Hey, Stark!” Clint appeared behind Tony, slapping him on the back as he entered the space, “thanks for getting the team back together.”
Shuri nodded slowly. A smile crept up onto her face, revealing a nice white smile. “I would just say
Tony walked over to Steve after finishing his conversation. He placed a hand on his arm, squeezing it gently.
“Please, call me Nick. We’re colleagues.” Fury smiled as Steve reciprocated awkwardly. He felt silly being so personal with someone like Fury, but he appreciated the offer.
Tony smiled meekly, laughing through the pain. “You still want to work here even though I nearly killed you?”
“Stark, you and I need to have a formal meeting with the Synergy executive committee, but I think it’s still fine to proceed with the promotional tour. We can’t push it back any further.” Fury continued.
“Really? I knew he was a quick learner, but that’s surprising for the first week. It’s good to know that he’s fitting in.”
Steve groaned once more instead of answering Sam, causing Sam to lean toward him. “
Tony’s anxiety over Steve heightened to new extremes.
“So,” Mr. Beck opened the drawer to his desk and shuffled around a bit until he produced two sheets of paper. He placed the sheets out neatly in front of Steve and Tony on his desk, “these are two tests that Peter took along with the class earlier this year,” Mr. Beck pointed to the test on Steve and Tony’s left, “and one a few days ago. I’m sure you see the difference.” He ended by pointing to the one on Steve and Tony’s right.
The content expression on Tony’s face deflated. “Okay, well, give me a few minutes, and maybe a shower, then I’ll drive you home.” He shuffled once more before rising from the couch. He straightened his clothes out before crossing his arms to grin at Steve.
After a moment or so, Tony flopped down next to Steve, panting heavily. Steve turned onto his side to place a hand on Tony’s chest, too amazed with what just happened between them.
Steve grinned at Tony; he knew Tony had taught his son to greet him formerly, which he found both cute and reassuring.
Thor eventually nodded but he made sure to visually communicate that he was not pleased with the situation.
Pepper stopped before continuing. Tony heard her take a deep breath. “…you were caring and attentive at first, Tony, but it became clear as our relationship progressed that…you didn’t love me the way that I loved you. In retrospect—from our third date, remember? You told me we would probably get married, but I don’t think you were ever serious…”
Steve nodded again as he sat back down at his desk watching Tony leave the office. As soon as the door closed, Steve groaned loudly, placing his head into his hands.
Thor pushed through the crowd to give Steve a bear hug. “Ah! We must drink to your recovery!”
Steve and Tony were standing near the bar counter alone while the rest of their party chatted in dispersed groups.
Tony nodded back but felt too weirded out about Bucky moving in with Steve, alone. He tried to shake it off, refocusing the conversation on something else, but every attempt failed. Thankfully, he was saved by a cheery-looking Bruce who had approached them.
Clint quickly looked around the room. “Didn’t I just say that?”
“Yeah…” Steve sighed, “I know you’re right…”
Natasha laughed to herself, looking away from Clint before glancing upward with a grin.
would be the one sleeping in late?"
Bruce shuffled around before standing still. “…are you feeling any better…you know…from the party…?”
As he heard the shower turn on in the bathroom, Tony thought about Steve possibly being embarrassed that they were getting so close. If so, why wouldn’t he say so? Tony had never been so hung on someone before and it was totally nerve racking.
“I’m just a little overly protective of my space.” Steve turned around to see Tony leaning up against another console with his arms crossed. He was looking downward and away from Steve. Steve stood firmly in place, resting his hands on his hips to try for a more relaxed stance, which he was sure came off more standoffish than anything else.
“Um, meet me here tomorrow at 11.” Tony began, a little caught off guard by Steve’s otherwise seemingly innocent statement.
me. Would you like to grab a drink with me?” Tony had heard Bruce finish. He had to prevent himself from turning around and shaking confidence into his friend.
Obadiah sat in complete disbelief as he watched the two women who met Tony and Steve at the event that evening bicker in front of him. He still had trouble comprehending that tech crime seemed to run in Thanos’s family; the two women, Gamora and Nebula, were also the scientist’s daughters and they were aggressively debating with each other on how best to wreck the Synergy device once the team went back into the field.
“The device…” He tried.
“Hey, Tony! Over here!” Tony heard a familiar voice shout his name.
Steve gazed at Tony; his expression was soft and inviting, making Tony wished they were somewhere more intimate.
“Well, what time is it over with?” Bucky inquired.
Tony turned off his phone. “This phone. The charge on it is abysmal. And I need to call Rhodey.”
Bruce nodded as the rest of the Synergy team appeared in the conference room. Tony gave everyone their respective tasks.
Tony let go of Steve to walk closer toward the desk. Lupho stood in place much like the statutory in the room, barely giving Tony some space as he approached.
Steve coughed before pointing back toward his space. “Uh, is…Tony…coming in today?”
“I’m going for a run.” He let out as he marched to his bedroom. He couldn’t spend the rest of the day obsessing over Tony.
“Hey! I was just in the hospital!” Clint whined.
“We’ll have to run a security background check on you, you know for safety purposes. But yeah, let me know when you want to come over.” Tony beamed at Sam before sipping out of his beer.
As soon as he was freed from his shirt, Steve pressed downward into Tony, rubbing himself against his body, causing Tony to moan uncontrollably from feeling Steve again. He could feel Steve getting hard through his pants, so Tony reached down to unzip his own before tackling Steve’s zipper.
“Great. Glad to hear it. Will be in touch soon with those materials.”
“We should go out and celebrate!” Clint was nearly bouncing back and forth with adrenaline.
Tony chuckled as he proceeded to get out of the bed. “Good point, Rogers. Let me drive you home.”
Steve let his body grind against the mattress and bunches of sheets for a bit, until he realized that this mattress smelled
“Here I’ll help you and even put a polite spin on it,” Tony leaned downward to whisper in Steve’s ear, “Tony, may I suck on your cock?”
He breathed deeply which helped. The adrenaline coursing through his body was now redirecting itself into remembering all the possible sequences and functions to input into the device.
And as soon as Tony uttered the comment, Steve felt like his body might topple over from how heartbreaking the words came across.
Steve expression indicated that he was not happy about the robot smashing into things, but then he felt Peter tugging on his trousers.
“Ever wonder why it takes so damn long for anything to get done around here?” Tony asked rhetorically as the audience kept cheering.
“Was it really out of our control, Steve?” Tony stopped pacing, throwing his hands in the air in frustration, “from the very fucking beginning, every single precaution we’ve taken just made Synergy even more dangerous.”
The two men lingered before Tony kissed Steve one last time. Steve fumbled as he tried to unbuckle himself, eventually needing assistance from Tony to get out of the car without looking too awkward. Steve closed the door and waved before turning around to walk toward his apartment. Tony waved back as he watched Steve walk away.
Steve sighed as he pointed back to the entrance of the lab. “May I please take this off now?”
As soon as Steve recoiled from the comment, Tony knew he should have kept the retort to himself. Steve glared back at Tony and Tony could feel everyone else staring at them.
Tony quickly shook his head. “No can do; breakfast is the only thing I’m good at. Why don’t you pop a squat in the dining room? I’m almost finished.”
Steve groaned, knowing that such a statement from Tony was the best he was going to get as some sort of reassurance.
“You wanted to see me, Tony?”
Steve reached out his hand to greet the two women. “Nice to you meet you.” He shook both of their hands before wrapping an arm around Tony’s waist, pulling him in close for a snug half hug. Tony hugged him back, even tighter, which then turned into an odd game of who could act the most unbothered by pretending to be married to each other.
“Hey, Tone!” Rhodey was standing next to some board members, waving for Tony to join him.
Tony sighed to himself as he ruminated over the possibility, forcing himself to finally get some work done.
Natasha patted her on the back before turning to face Clint. She crossed her arms to prevent herself from clamming up at the sight of her friend lying in the bed hooked up to machines.
Tony shook his head. He walked briskly over to a table to grab his work bag before stomping out of the lab.
“Hey, Rogers.” Tony sat down next to Steve as the yacht finally headed back to the dock, “I feel like I haven’t talk to you all day.”
Steve felt a strong hand take a hold of his shoulder as he instantly recognized the gruff, yet pleasant-sounding voice. Steve felt his anxiety dissipate bit by bit as he turned around to face Nick Fury. Fury was standing behind him, now crossing his arms. He was wearing an all-black suit that matched his jet-black eye patch. Steve instinctively moved to salute him but instantly eased once he reminded himself to relax.
“Okay, now this next one is tricky, so please be mindful of your answer before giving it.” Tony bounced the rubber ball against the wall.
“Okay, okay. I’m sorry. Relax, Steve.” But he couldn’t stop himself from laughing as Steve’s face turned even more red.
Pepper sighed before responding. Tony could tell she was trying to figure out the best thing to say.
Steve chuckled, which made Tony’s heart leap a few times. “You may get a virus from me, or however it works.”
“When are you supposed to start again?”
Tony Stark, I mean.” She was leaning in close enough for the others not to hear.
“What?” Nebula repeated; her tone sounding the most irritated it had ever been.
Steve looked directly at Obadiah but toned down the intensity of his stare to continue to appear neutral. Something about this offer seemed out of place. Steve knew it had something to do with the strained relationship between Obadiah and Tony.
However, when they broke up, Tony had made it clear that he and Steve weren’t right for each other. Steve had truly thought that he and Tony would get married and become a family and it hurt thinking that everything they had gone through didn’t appear to mean anything to Tony, especially with the way he had been so blatant last night.
