One of them.
“Oh, as though you don’t know. Of course you do, otherwise you wouldn’t ask in that way. But then, does it matter whether it’s a possibility or not, current or past, when you so clearly don’t need them? When you in fact have no need of anything or anyone? Including me.”
you back with us? Sherlock?”
Most prominent, however, was the bruise that, rainbowed and faded only slightly by time, spread like an ugly flower across his jaw and a good portion of one side of his face, its petals reaching onto the skin around one eye.
In something of an odd way, he was glad John didn’t mention him, considering that. Not that he needed to say it, because he felt almost entirely certain that John was already perfectly aware of what exactly was going on, what with his wishes to become a doctor once he left school and his not entirely shoddy powers of deduction.
He’d sent a text to Mycroft when they’d gotten into the cab. This was also from his brother but was unconnected to their children.
When John finally arrived home after his shift and a last-minute shopping trip on Christmas Eve, laden with bags and cursing under his breath from the sheer amount of time it had taken him to get home – it had been one of those time where everything seemed intent on delaying him, from colleagues wishing him a merry Christmas to the tube being overly crammed to the chip and PIN machine doing a number on him, again, to almost falling over by being shoved through a particularly belligerent crowd to someone trying to help themselves to something in his bags – it was to find the flat dark and seemingly deserted.
The thought that they might have found the wrong girl was hard enough to consider, but the accompanying thought that they then would have no new clues to lead them to the right one, if she was even – and that was a thought that he wasn’t even going to acknowledge.
“I haven’t done that in a while.” He knew that came out less confidently than he would’ve wanted it to, but John didn’t seem to mind.
“Sherlock, what’s…what’s wrong?” John asked as he turned around to face his bond mate. He did his best to make sure his voice was gentle and non-judgmental because his intention was not to be that or even come close to it. His intention was merely to understand.
“Essentially, yes. It’s not to waylay him, is it?”
The dragon that was his friend noticed the abrupt move away from him, of course he did, and was far from pleased with that, the audible snarl rising to include a note of screeching as the head whirled around again to where John was now getting up off the floor, the movement started the moment he’d hit the ground.
Sherlock blinked, thrown and uncomprehending. “Sorry? What on earth are you apologising for?”
There were a few different reasons he let the other do the exploring. For one thing, he’d like to see how Sherlock would be when he took the lead in a kiss and for another, it would be a good way to…well, to show both of them that it was perfectly safe for the dragon-man to be in charge.
The case to be made for that was shaky at best, though, as it rested on one or at most two datapoints, neither of which was all that substantial. It might still easily be that something could and would trigger it, with the consulting detective remaining relatively passive, risking the same results after having lulled himself into a false sense of security and stability by taking what he thought would be sufficient precautions.
“No,” Sherlock managed to get out. “It’s not…it’s not enough on its own. It’s part of the process.”
That…made a whole lot of sense, and he couldn’t really argue with it. Not without proving the point about stubborn pride.
Oh, yes, definitely, the driver chirruped. In fact, if they weren’t too busy, he could take them there.
Not that you’d ever get Sherlock to admit to that, and John also seemed perfectly okay with the deal, even though he had to have plenty of other things to do with his time. It’d make sense for him to keep it to the barest minimum that they could get away with.
He had promised that, to John and to himself, after all.
There was also John’s scent to consider.
However, he could understand why the blond would, once he caught what he’d said, maybe have an issue with his own comment. If he did, it would be in the belief, one that Sherlock had watched grow within him as he became significantly less…militant and reactionary about the treatment of Omegas, that he ought to be better than that. Fairer than that.
“Not really.”
To be honest, right now he’d be quite happy just to know that he’d done the right thing and get a better idea of what they needed to do about the mating thing, in a way that Sherlock could handle both physically and mentally.
He’d even heard of a commune, which wasn’t a harem, somewhere up in Sweden, where only Omegas and their children lived. No Alphas were allowed, a rule which was quite heavily enforced, according to records and accounts, and all Omegas were part of the raising and mothering of the young ones, including breastfeeding.
He was going to keep himself in control whatever it took, it seemed, and Sherlock couldn’t only applaud him silently for it. That and love him.
But if it had so much as a chance of succeeding, of keeping his loved ones safe, then –
Which wasn’t just immensely heart-warming, it held true to what the Alpha had promised him the day they’d come home to 221B, even if it wasn’t directly tied to the puzzle of where his daughter was.
“You aren’t my core.”
“That’s still not on, Sherlock.”
“John?”
Anger started to rise inside the doctor again, but he grabbed it by its neck and forced it into a position where it was under his control. Anger would not solve this but something else might.
Of course, that all depended on how this…trip turned out. Not because he thought that his newfound homelife was going to be ripped from under him through it – Sherlock’s words and his actions had spoken abundantly clearly on that score, repeatedly – or it would crumple underneath them.
As he took a few steps up the stairs, or tried to, he felt a hand grab his arm and pull at it to presumably halt him.
John groaned, but inwardly. As puns went, it was relatively inoffensive and besides, he knew what it was there for.
A lock wouldn’t be sufficient to hold them out for long, if they were determined to get in. Dragging the sofa over would be the most efficient way of blocking the door but it was not the lightest or most easily movable item in the room. Nor could he drag it onehanded, and his left arm, though the blood was no longer oozing out, felt heavy and lethargic. Certainly not up to the task of pulling a sofa over.
Even if it did take up time, time they might not always have, or it perhaps was a bit silly to keep checking in with each other to be sure the other was okay or just communicate when they stepped wrong, it was something that he knew – they both knew – had been essential to make this new relationship work, despite everything that should’ve worked against them.
That was at least one place where he resembled the Irishman, even if they were almost diametrically different in nearly every other respect.
A look of confusion passed John’s features. Then, seemingly despite himself, he snorted and gave a small smile.
the argument he’d expected at all and it threw him just a little.
Four weeks, I know...I tried for last week but my brain exploded. It was nasty.
Couldn’t he just buy John a new one? A better one, perhaps, that could withstand being submerged and other such useful things, given what and who they regularly had to deal with on cases. To be honest, what and who John had to deal with. That would certainly be –
He glanced back up at the brunet, though it might be more accurate to say that he glared slightly.
“What? You just claimed that you didn’t have any problems with it so why are you suddenly balking at a bit of dirty language?”
However, that wasn’t to say there wasn’t anything wrong at all. He hadn’t taken notice of it earlier – he wished he could blame the lighting in the room – or maybe it had only just developed but there was something of a pallor to his skin beyond the normal paleness.
begun to bother him, quite significantly more so. A thought which he’d been more than a little thrown by, enough so that he’d tried to counter steer, at least on the outside, to make sure that he betrayed none of it.
“I – what?” Immediately, the distrust and wariness slammed back up into defence. Why would he ask that? Why would that be the first thing he said other than John’s name? Was it just another ploy to claim him?
“Open your eyes, love, please.” Again, it was a request, a gentle ask and not a demand.
…but that was why it wasn’t!
The life he’d worked to build after being honourably discharged and the life he’d hoped to have in the future, both of those had been ripped apart by Moriarty being bored and thus ‘playing’, with no discernible sign that they could ever be mended. How could that fail to make him angry?
Well, obviously, he would be. That was part of the whole point, after all, wasn’t it? For him, at least. If he’d had any interest in child-rearing – and that was a thought too spine-chilling and gag-inducing to even contemplate – he wouldn’t have waited until now, and certainly not to kidnap one. This particular one, and all.
In the mouth of some people, even the casual, everyday granny-endearments sounded like veiled little barbs. He gave John a onceover, which would possibly have made somebody else feel very self-conscious about their bodies. “
“Why would…of Moriarty?”
Knowing that he was being utterly stupid didn’t alleviate it nor did applying intellect and logic to the situation. The reassurances he’d been given by John
There was work to be done.
Not to imply that the Nantes airport personnel was less qualified or less professional than their Paris or London counterparts, not in the slightest. But there wouldn’t be quite as much security personnel, probably, given the size of it, and they wouldn’t be on
Bugger what he was allowed – if John was alive, then he was taking him home, regardless of what the slimy eel had or hadn’t done to the doctor. John wasn’t Moriarty’s!
There was one more place where the two mirrored each other, and that was the grin. John couldn’t decide on which face it looked more unsettling. At least on the dragon’s, one would expect it to look reptilian.
“And you were above such things, so it’s not as though you have the high ground here.”
The vehemence in the statement surprised the brunet and he blinked at the other teen, a little thrown.
A stray thought in John’s mind piped up to wonder at the idiot, coming there unarmed, when he knew what kind of person Moriarty was, and that was even ignoring the part about being a dragon. Then he thought he saw the outline of his gun in a trouser pocket as Sherlock moved and the coat slid aside but he wasn’t sure.
Had he worn that when John had gone out? He wasn’t entirely sure, but he wouldn’t have said so. As far as he recalled, it’d been his pyjama bottoms and a t-shirt when he’d left.
This was why he
Before he could voice anything, however, he was thoroughly halted by something unexpected; Moriarty leaned forward further, right up so his face was inches from John’s, and then he inhaled. A deep, slow pull, as though he was sampling the scents on the air like one would the bouquet of a wine.
He was focusing on them so that hopefully Sherlock would focus on him in turn and by extension, what he was going to say.
Only, it no longer was.
What to do? What to do? Think, Sherlock, think! You’re supposed to be a genius, it ought to be a doddle!
“When do you think?”
Sherlock’s heart didn’t just feel warm at that, it did a flip in his chest – not literally, of course, he wasn’t that daft – and it was a wonder his fingers didn’t stumble at the sight.
So, John was now carrying a few things. Sherlock hadn’t been so cruel as to make him outright laden or the like – he could learn his lesson, couldn’t he, even if it had taken him a lot longer than it ought to in order to properly understand? – but still, it had ended up being more than a few different things and this building’s elevator only went up so far.
Strangely, he thought he felt John…not exactly relax but change in tension, from what he’d term pure fear to something more military.
As far as he was concerned, it could think whatever it wanted and behave however it liked. It wouldn’t change one iota of what he intended to do. What was going to happen, which would happen, too.
There!
It was more than a little hoarse and just slightly wobbly as it began but for all, it was not a bad voice. He unquestionably had something there that could likely be honed into something brilliant with practice and guidance.
He could. He was almost there, and he was going to make it.
“Yes. Why do you ask?”
Thank you to all the sweet people who were kind about the last chapter, that genuinely kept me going and kept me writing.
So, it was not the first time that had happened and judging by the bruises on her cheeks, especially at the corners of her mouth, all of which matched the shape of fingers, she hadn’t immediately taken to the idea that she shouldn’t tear up or cry out.
“That I’ve had some time to think while I’ve watched you sleep. No, don’t – don’t interrupt me, Sherlock, please.” John held up a hand as he gave the brunet a look that brooked no argument. “It was what you were worried about before we went to sleep, after all. Part of it. That you couldn’t be trusted.”
He didn’t know. At all.
That went for anyone who was either jealous or possessive, though, or both.
Would it be so bad? To just let it –
John had paid and if the assistant had had any comment about the arrangement, they wisely hadn’t voice it. Nor had they suggested any other weapon they might like to go with it. They had made sure to put it in its box and then in a nice, purely grey bag that wasn’t meant to attract attention, though, which was awfully nice of them.
“Didn’t know that the first time you came in, did I? It’s not like you were in your uniform, and well, with your cheekbones and – “he waved a hand up and down which seemed to include the entirety of Sherlock’s body, which didn’t make any sense – “everything, I didn’t twig until somebody told me you were a student here.”
John looked closer. Though it was from overt, lying on his back, it was possible to see muscles twitch and bunch at the ‘root’ of the wings, as it were, the movements making it look like aborted attempts at getting comfortable or shaking out of an ache.
Hopefully, they would still all be where they were safe from the harem owners – their new homes, with freedom and prospects for a new and better life, couldn’t happen until the owners had been dealt with, hopefully legally but at least effectively.
He didn’t quite know how to phrase that right, however, so he instead said, “I just want to make sure you’re okay.”
Out of curiosity, he opened it to the page with his personal details.
The noise that threatened to shatter the windows then might have been a laugh. To untrained ears, it would’ve been, a shriek of laughter uncontrollable by the person uttering, so deeply felt was it.
Her hair, though, was different. Instead of the ashen blond with patches and strands of silver and brown that John had – one day Sherlock was going to work out the exact combination and proportion of each part – her hair, caught in a soft pony tail that let the soft but thick waves of it bounce, looked more as though someone had tinted warm blond with strawberry or grape juice.
There were some advantages to this John being a figment, at least.
It ought to have been twisted into raw rage, or some other intense expression of anger. Something that would correspond to the expression in his eyes.
What she had experienced during those four years might not be something that was good – this new set of information about the other parents was not definitive one way or the other for how her childhood so far had been – but it was still part of her history. They owed it to her to respect that and let her know that history.
She asked what it was. John explained, as best and as succinctly as he could, and Sherlock watched her face light up while at the same time, she frowned in continued confusion.
“No.” The admission sounded wrenched from his throat. “Mycroft’s dealing with it for now. If he comes close, however…”
But while he must see the same thing as Sherlock, there was no reaction. None at all, it seemed, for even though they were close enough for the Alpha to be able to scent his partner, however faint it was to others, there was no recognisable spike or other change in it.
It wouldn’t be the first time John would’ve had to shave someone else. Hell, it wouldn’t even be the first time he’d shaved Sherlock, seeing as the git more than once had done something to his arm or wrist or hand that would render him incapable of shaving himself and there were standards to maintain. Said the man who didn’t think twice about walking around in threadbare clothes when at home.
Someone tapped him on the shoulder, hard enough to get his attention. His eyes narrowed as he turned to face them, but the sharp reply died on his tongue.
Nothing. Or…the hand shifted its grip. Did it? He wasn’t entirely sure, but it might have, judging from the change in warmth on his wrist, which was admittedly small and hard to keep the focus on, as when he did, it quickly warmed as though it had always stayed there.
Of course. That was the exact region they’d stayed in, chosen for its distance yet proximity to old Blighty, which appealed to the users located in Britain, when the harem had last been situated in France, which was the time when he’d been pregnant with his little girl.
Wasn’t that a novel thing, having to tell himself something like that, of all things?
Sherlock made a choked noise at that, but his pupils widened at the same time.
Silence. He waited again, the unpleasant thing behind his ribs growing ever so slightly as it sunk lower.
John pulled his head back a little in obvious surprise but then huffed a small laugh, his lips pulling up into a half-smile.
“I was merely making a point that you might want to curtail or at the very least postpone your…intimacies,” and despite Mycroft’s clear support to their relationship otherwise, there was a distinct sense of something slightly distasteful being picked up in a pair of tongs, though John could understand why a brother would see it like that, “for a little while.”
The one who had stalked the Omega when he’d been out on his own, merely to further disquiet John and set all of his alarms bell ringing.
The fact that he still could be merely out to ‘play’, even though he had in fact kidnapped their daughter, made him certain, however, that it had not been a dream, for all that he’d wish it were.
That was a thing of the past, letting his instincts rule even a little bit of himself. They could come along but that was the extent of it.
After reading the text, Sherlock debated with himself whether he should show it to John or let him have some peace and quiet to get himself back together once they’d gotten back to Baker Street.
Mycroft sighed, and part of John felt almost relieved at the strained, long-suffering patience with exasperation lurking just beneath. That felt reassuringly normal and known, especially for their interactions. More so when instead of a dragon shape flickering, he pinched the bridge of his nose.
It wasn’t even funny. Nor was it a particularly appropriate place or time for it. But as before, Sherlock knew why it happened and furthermore, he’d found himself viewing the moments when it happened as a kind of bonding between them.
But even if he hadn’t been, even if they
After all of what they’d been through, he didn’t honestly doubt Sherlock’s feelings, or the depth of them, for him.
That was not what John had expected to hear, at all. “And what if it’s a case?”
John moved around and manhandled Sherlock so that his arm was across his shoulders and the blonde’s hand was gripping a bony hip. Technically, he probably didn’t need all of that for such a short trip, but it would make it a bit easier to deposit him on the bed.
“Will you…” Sherlock paused a moment, took the hand he already held in both of his, cradling it as he brought it up between them. “Will you allow me to provide for you? Not forever, obviously, but as long as is needed, I’d…I want to provide for my family. Will you allow me that?”
“I really wasn’t going to plop it in my mouth. I’m not that daft.”
“Don’t mention it.” A squeeze of his hand.
“I know,” the brunet replied, keeping his voice soft. “But you can’t stay awake indefinitely, nor should you. You need a good, long sleep.”
He received a hard jab in the ribs. “Oi! Don’t go into your Mind Palace now. Let me go so I can get a look at you.”
Apologies also for the chapter summary.
Sherlock had certainly analysed said dress to within a millimetre of its thread count. Thankfully, had found not only a few bits of scent that was in a analysable condition, but, when he’d done the same John’s – taken from his scent gland where it was still being produced, even if almost nothing was being put out – there had also been enough similarities on the important parameters to say, almost certainly, that this was John’s daughter.
John and Sherlock get to know each other a little better and though he knows he shouldn't, Sherlock finds he can't help falling for the blond boy
Part of his hoard within another part of his hoard.
Sherlock blinked, not knowing exactly when and where they’d left off and not sure how much time had passed since then, either. It couldn’t have been that long, given John’s continued calm and lack of questioning, but that might be precious time they would need later.
“How many layers of offices do you have, then?”
When he opened his eyes again, it was to find John looking at him with brows drawn together but also with a small and warm smile. The kind of smile, Sherlock was coming to learn, that meant John was puzzling something out about him that he hadn’t expected but was finding endearing.
John, body finally having had enough of his stalling and taxing behaviour and starting to shut down, yawned deeply. “Could be for several reasons, so I don’t know. I’m glad it does, though.”
Yes, alright, but was he really that keen, that mind-haltingly intent on getting to him that he was willing to run pell-mell through the streets in the vagueish hope that he could locate John just through that.
Almost as if Mycroft had heard his thoughts, he asked a quiet but earnest question of him.
“I lost it,” Sherlock said, shortly. He didn’t offer up any more information than that.
The fact that halfway slumped across her lower body lay another body, staring directly towards them, face contorted and arm outstretched, did nothing to help matters.
That was…well, he couldn’t really argue against that, could he? Any of it, really.
“As I have not yet found a method which will allow me shut off my ears and thereby finally block your nasal screech from my ear canal entirely, then yes, speaking purely technically, I am. It still falls a long way short of being actual speech, but you can’t have everything, I suppose.”
*pokes head in* Hello? Anybody here? I come bearing a new chapter. This doesn't deserve to get abandoned like that, whatever the feedback and my personal situation, and I'm sorry to people who's been waiting for it.
There was no answer, obviously, but there was something of a quieting of the breathing, though for what reason exactly, it was difficult to work out.
One might almost say that while Sherlock’s reaction to the other Alpha had grown more pronounced since last time, John’s had grown more subdued. That it was a deliberate move, without a doubt, had nothing to do with it.
All in all, it was very odd that he had yet to feel the hunger that he’d experienced in his teens and which he, presumably, had been completely under the sway of before he’d resurfaced.
He did need to get Mycroft off his back, however. Or possibly even working with him, genuinely so, but that was possibly expecting miracles and although it was apparently the time of year for miracles, he preferred not to rely on them.
He would make it the best possible proposal he could.
“Sherlock,” the brunet replied, taking the hand and shaking it. Normally, he wouldn’t bother, but he did this time. It certainly didn’t have anything to do with the feeling in his chest or his stomach. Not at all.
Better to ask her now and be prepared.
“Piss off or get on with it already. What do you
He didn’t question why he might have thought to try it at this time rather than at any other time. After all, he could still feel the points where the Irishman’s claws had penetrated his throat earlier, the small wounds stretching with every swallow and stretch, and could vividly recall the reaction from Sherlock, which had not exactly been downplayed.
He bent his head to place a kiss, fluttering and loving, against the temple of the blond, who pressed up into it. As he pulled back, he thought he heard John mutter, “I am getting far too used to that.”
Then he registered that her breath was still something he could feel against the skin of his throat. Just barely, admittedly, but it was there and that was the important thing.
The interrupting voice came from behind them. Sherlock didn’t turn around.
“Now, Sherlock, play nice with your brother, who’s been kind enough to offer us a ride,” he said as he returned to the here and now, employing the best ‘dad’ voice that he could muster as he lowered his gaze back down to look between them. “And that means no egging him on, either, Mycroft.”
John would probably have been angry at those people if he had the thought to spare for them right then. As for Sherlock, he didn’t care so long as they kept their noses to themselves. It was better to have a set of busybodies that observed than ones that had to get their hands dirty. See, but don’t touch, as it were.
Sherlock frowned in incomprehension. “Whatever gave you that idea?” he asked, a slight snap in his voice.
“I didn’t.”
But not this. Not just because they’d talked about it, though possibly not quite as much as they ought to have, or because Sherlock knew what the repercussions could be, but because the brunet had made an honest effort to listen and remember. He still made mistakes, of course, for various reasons. For all that he tried to deny it, though not as vehemently these days, he was still very much human. But John knew his consulting detective at this point, when he stopped to think about it rather than let his frustration get the better of him.
Then again, that could be said for so much of what his mind had pulled him through, especially in the last day.
“I think what John was actually asking, Mycroft, was not whether he is legally within his rights to go and get her back but whether or not he is doing the right thing for
“What the hell was that for?”
“Alright?” he asked, his voice quiet.
His frown must’ve deepened, and his slight panic must have shown through because John’s expression lightened a little in turn. “Point is that you’re like Marmite.”
“I never said you were.”
Oh. It seemed like he had gotten the actual reason wrong.
They had, in the time they’d spent together in the flat, at least before this preceding week, tried to take their time in a way to differentiate their mornings, not so much from the army but from the harem, in a concerted effort to separate John’s life now from that then.
Which meant that despite his exhaustion and his consequent lethargy, he had made tea. For himself might be out of spite or petty stubbornness, but to make one for John as well, not to mention finding the sugar from wherever it had gone, that was something else entirely.
A look passed between the two brothers then, one that lingered as though it was in fact a conversation and evidently communicated something very important that John wasn’t privy to. That rankled somewhat, to be left out like that, but he’d already sussed that if he was to ask what that was about, he’d be given a pat answer, at best, and so he let it be. For the time being, anyway.
“Show me,” he said.
I have the loveliest readers and I cannot thank you enough for the understanding, patience and support through all of this. <3 You are the best.
“They were nowhere near as fast as yours. The ones of an Omega protecting its young from whatever threat it might face.”
To say it and feel the truth of it, something out of joint sliding into place and settling unmovably yet easily, a truth that had always been present, even if he hadn’t seen it or acknowledged it.
John rubbed at the spot between his eyebrows with a thumb. He was too tired for all this shit, to say the least, but it had to be done and done relatively soon and quick, at that, given…
They were supposed to help you when nursing by giving you support and stability and somewhere to rest your baby on. With two babies on the way, he could see the point. Not to mention that the sight of it sent something stirring inside of him. Really, that was what had made him stop and look, wasn’t it? To a certain degree, at least, in the sense that it hadn’t been a conscious decision to notice nor entirely one to stop and take a proper look.
“No,” Sherlock interrupted, gently, though it nevertheless managed to get John to shut up. He reached down to grab hold of John’s hands, savouring the experience. “You should have. You were within your rights to. Are within.”
And the cases, of course, but there was no need to make mention of those. In truth, John had learned, though he had yet to experience it first-hand, that whatever rules they set up were likely to at the very least get bent, if not outright circumnavigated during a case, and there was a part of him that dreaded that day.
“I think he might be stuck. Further than last time but still.”
from something like that. Or rather, he would have, had it not been for the look in the doctor’s eye that glued his mouth together and tightened his oesophagus.
Sherlock stared at him from his elevated position of standing up, somewhat unbelieving. No, scratch that. Fully in disbelief over what he was seeing.
He found himself wishing, and wishing fervently, that he knew what to tell her. In a way, he did, but that wasn’t actually helpful. But looking at her helpless and frustrated expression made him want to tell her anything, promise her anything if that could make it better.
Putting the passport down on his thigh for the moment to get a hand free, he reached out with it to put his hand on top of the long-fingered, though strangely not bony as his brother’s, hand, which rested on a thin thigh. Carefully and lightly, so that it wouldn’t come across as more than it was.
If he was to know more than what he’d automatically deduced, he wanted it to be John who told him rather than him working it out for himself.
For instance, though he was baiting him and there was a risk that he’d react violently, he wouldn’t have come here merely with the intent to intimidate or threaten, not when he was employed by either the harem owners or Moriarty. The owners weren’t as clever as they thought they were, but they clever enough and were certainly far from stupid enough to hire someone like that for a job like this.
John and Sherlock both scramble in any way they can to make sure they both get out of this alive, protecting each other while Moriarty plays and John has to realise some things not just about Moriarty but dragons as well, including Sherlock.
With a speed that clearly indicated he wanted them gone as soon as he could get away with and didn’t want the risk of them returning, he managed to verify John through his ID and a few other pieces of personal information that were apparently essential to do so.
openly.
“I’d never believe you to be unfaithful,” he said, solemnly. “Ever. It was a bad, ill-thought out joke that wasn’t ever funny and I should have known better than to think it, let alone voice it.”
but managing it when he was heavy with two babies…that might prove far more difficult, and he wanted to be prepared. As prepared as he possible could, anyway.
“I could break your neck.”
Once he thought about it, though, he was surprised and even then, probably not as much as he ought to be, to learn that yes, actually, it was alright.
John gave him the benefit of pausing and pursing his lips as he gave it thought. Then he tilted his head a little and smiled softly.
The Alpha proved him right by snarling at the comment but he neither retreated nor lunged at the seated man.
He couldn’t say.
There could be no doubt that he’d said yes. Hell, he’d even said it several times, presumably just to make sure.
Sherlock did know that this was their milestone, right? He hadn’t deleted – no, he hadn’t. John knew he hadn’t. There were a lot of things he could believe about Sherlock Holmes and forgetting things he didn’t deem important, however the rest of the world or specific persons felt about it, but…
A clear trail might appeal to the instincts of the dragon even if the person behind would wrinkle his nose at something so easy.
“It’s purely a matter of time, Sherlock,” he said, his voice low and calm. “As long as you don’t claim him, he will be vulnerable to others.”
“No, he…” He got a pair of raised eyebrows for his trouble. “Okay, so maybe he was but there’s nothing special in being amused by novelty.” Particularly not when that novelty almost unquestionably was tied into, if not wholly contained in, the fact that he existed in some sort of Heat-limbo and had done ever since he was shot.
He could feel the Omega tense up beside him as Moriarty looked at him. However, it was only a little bit, which was quite impressive, really.
“No, it’s not. You most often have a t-shirt on when you venture downstairs in the morning but that’s mostly for my sake, as though I’d be horrified by the prospect of seeing you shirtless – and if we’re going to be perfectly honest here, you have a liking for sleeping naked, for comfort rather than any other reason, which has been curbed mainly because you’ve slept in close quarters with others for so many years.”
“Possibly, yes. Probably. I don’t see how that is relevant, in any case.”
You needed to have an idea of just what you were paying good money for.
“That I do. Very much so,” John conceded with a matching grin.
“Can’t you…see yourself?” Ruby asked. “You were…always good with…I don’t mind…you touching me…”’
The moment he cottoned onto it, he tried to tamp down on the laughter entirely, not just the brittle edge of it that seemed to grow, too, not interested in it becoming hysterical or him breaking down altogether.
Sherlock scoffed. “As though something like age bothers me.”
But couldn’t he just say that it was alright?
That comment not so implicitly put a timer on Sherlock, to explain before somebody noticed the guitar and thought to nick it or destroy it. Really, though, he would hardly be likely to need much time.
Nerves that would disappear when it came down to it as though they had never existed in the first place.
– “Mycroft began. Thinking that if they were going to argue, or bicker, through a phone line, then he wasn’t going to be the mediator.
Perhaps that was the reason. It could easily be contaminated by being handled and it was imperative that it wasn’t contaminated. Well, he could get Mycroft to fetch him a pair of gloves – again, between a former doctor and a chemist, there were a few odd things that just came standard – that would take care of that.
John grinned at that. It was only for a moment, but the consulting detective would take what he could get.
“John?” he asked, suddenly aware that the hand on his cheek had moved away in his mental absence. Though before he could curse himself for that, he noticed that it hadn’t been removed entirely. Instead, it had drifted down to rest again that spot where neck became shoulder, including his clavicle. It felt oddly reassuring.
“You’ve thought of at least fifteen other courses, I know you have, and that’s probably lowballing it. But I’m telling you right now, he’s not leaving this room.”
Though it could be argued that breaking and entering, going into a territory that was neither his nor somewhere he’d been invited into, like the Alpha had was provoking an Omega, a pregnant one, and there had been made further laws to protect Omegas in such situations, a lot of judges were old-fashioned, to put it very diplomatically, and leaned towards sympathy for the Alpha instead.
John was disbelieving of the accommodating nature, not of the nurse but of the doctor, in the circumstances.
They stayed like that for a while, coming down a little from everything and enjoying the closeness. Then, feeling his stomach grumbling and his bladder starting to complain, John shifted off the dragon’s lap, or at least, he tried to. Sherlock stopped him, his grip tightening. “Hey, let me up.”
It must be something important enough to warrant him calling John rather than Sherlock, the doctor knew that, and do so repeatedly, according to the list of missed calls John had vaguely registered before he’d pressed the button to take the call. But even so, he struggled to find the energy to just keep the conversation going.
Sherlock tugged at his hand.
He managed not to take a sharp intake of breath as that thought crossed his mind. For a moment, he debated not letting on at all but realised almost immediately how phenomenally stupid that would be. They were where the expertise was, and she’d be monitoring the progress of the baby, babies, until a while after they were born. She’d find out if there was something wrong sooner or later.
He wouldn’t have to see when his heart was…
Mood well and truly killed, and frankly he couldn’t care a whit about it in the wave of concern, John settled himself into Sherlock’s lap. But only so he had more of a ballast to be able to wrap his arms around the taller man, slightly cumbersome as it was due to the hands still clinging hard to his shoulders.
“That it’s just as horrible and unfair that you should have to sacrifice yourself in order for me not to have to.”
“Yes, I believe so but in the sense of a novelty, that a collector would have in an object of rarity and quality.”
The noise around him had risen gradually but steadily as he’d moved until it reached something close to cacophonous. It made it impossible to distinguish much of anything, much less an individual noise, all of it swirling together into that audial discord.
Sherlock felt his own lip want to pull up at that, felt his shoulders bunch, his stance change ever so slightly, all entirely without his input.
The box stayed in the doctor’s hand, still closed and retaining all the small but vital lumps of gold.
Facing what he was uncomfortable with head-on even as he admitted it.
Not to say that Sherlock didn’t either, because he absolutely didn’t. Never had, in the time John had known him. But that kind of approach wasn’t Sherlock’s style to begin with. It was, however, Mycroft’s, with the way hands and ears had to be greased in order to advance things inside of Whitehall. That he didn’t even try to employ it with John was appreciated.
John might still have something on his mind. Something that this news didn’t alter one way or another.
It’d be quite difficult to accomplish, as Sherlock didn’t truly know himself.
Then he heard his phone vibrate. It was still in the jeans pocket he’d had it in when he’d undressed before going to bed, for whatever reason that he couldn’t quite grasp right then, and the noise of it vibrating against the denim and carpet had somehow slid into his ears.
“Fifty-five, give or take twenty minutes.”
it, either. That was quite an important distinction to make, not least for himself. Was he ambivalent, then?
But why add a question mark at the last sentence? Why sound as though he was uncertain whether they would? They were obligated to be there, they’d practised for just that. He knew Sherlock had to be there, whether he wanted to or not, if he didn’t want information leaked to his parents.
To be honest, he didn’t want to wait but at the same time, he didn’t want John to have his phone confiscated either, and so he’d play nice.
A thought struck him, and it wasn’t pleasant.
He saw Sherlock gain a thoughtful look. “No, you’re not experimenting on whether or not those would work – or running to a store to get lube.”
I hope to get the next chapter out soon, hope you'll stick with me.
It was the fact that all three of his children had been added in. Not by name – there was a discussion that was bound to be interesting, he somehow knew – of course, but nevertheless, they had been assigned in the spot where it normally said ‘offspring’.
They were both shouting now, Sherlock a full-blown one whereas Mycroft was shouting through a hissed whisper, somehow managing to make it sound just as emphatic as his brother.
“Can feel it,” she said. “Felt your hand…too. Was warm.” She let out a huff of an almost-laugh, possibly to substitute for a smile
“But of course. Silly of me to suggest otherwise.”
He could be wrong, of course, but he knew somehow that he wouldn’t be. That wouldn’t be the way the chips landed. Not for him, not at this junction.
Well, at least the coffee was…pretty good, actually, which surprised him more than a little. The croissant was a bit dry, for all the grease, and splintered in his mouth but the lemon curd tart was rather good, the creamy, buttery tang of the curd just right.
there.
she didn’t wake up at such racket, both auditory and olfactory, going on around her.
When he managed to get himself back and push the thought of never getting Tessa back – if she was adopted into a loving family, who was he to abruptly pull her from that just because he’d birthed her? That wasn’t what being a good parent ought to be about – Mycroft was in the process of answering. Sort of.
It wasn’t going to matter what they brought for Tessa, was it? Because at this rate, John’s heart was going to give out on him long before they got to where she was.
While Sherlock checked up on that, John focused on writing down anything and everything he could recall about the harem owners, as requested by Mycroft.
That it had been placed there so carefully rather ruled out accidental droppage. A thought which was born out when he got closer and saw it was, in fact, an envelope, carefully sealed and placed in the middle of the bed.
But John wouldn’t thank him for keeping such information from him. He’d be far more likely to be pissed off at what he saw as prejudice and condescension and would ignore the day he’d had and how much it would take out of him to go.
Once he’d redressed, with a speed and precision that only the habit of the military could bring about, he paused.
up the stairs, which was easily accessible by the landing, without needing to go into the rest of the flat. Of course, Sherlock could transform and break through the floor but if he slept soundly, which he was quite confident that he would, it was within the sliver of possibility that Moriarty would reach John before Sherlock could transform and get there.
Somewhat surprisingly, though, it stopped at that and withdrew almost immediately. Then again, he supposed the point had been made by then – the dragon shape was real enough that it could touch him and with something as inimitable as a tongue, as well.
“You can’t just suddenly…”
Together.
“You’ve had things blown up just because you were bored!” Mycroft exclaimed, the calm façade crackling ever so slightly.
“It’s…no, I can’t say it’s okay because it’s bloody well
He took a deep and slightly wobbly breath before he continued. “Anyway, the point is that I’m not afraid to say it out loud as I have been. If you don’t want to hear it, that’s fine, we can work around it, or you can delete it, if you prefer. But I wanted you to know. That’s probably incredibly selfish, just dumping that on you, come to think of it. Twice, too. Three times, really, but this time, you did ask, so – “
“What changed?” he asked as he returned.
It wasn’t the most dignified of plans, he could admit to that, not in terms of independence and self-image. But it was better than the alternatives by far and so he’d go for it.
“Come on,” he urged. “You’re going to give me that explanation but I’m not going to stand here to be ogled and gossiped about to my face.”
The doctor elbowed him, gently.
“They won’t shoot before they get the order.” The confidence in the answer was one he didn’t feel.
Sherlock frowned.
childish, thank-you-very-much…and because he’d gone back and forth on it so much at that point that it didn’t feel earned – he had needed to call in favours for.
Sherlock, watching from the sidelines, follows Tessa trying to get to grips with the mess of a situation and, amidst his own mental freight bullet train, tries to help as he can.
Well, so much for feeling a little bit better about things. He had, but he didn’t give much for it if this was the trade-off.
But that meant something else, too, didn’t it?
No, this wasn’t going to happen. It wasn’t going to drag him in and take control of him, ever again. He wasn’t alone in this, neither in reality nor in his mind. This wasn’t the dragon’s domain, for all that it was his foundation. This was his mind, his person, nobody else’s, and he would control it.
He looked at his brother, asking for help with his eyes and his demeanour. With more or less everything other than his words because there was some things that just wasn’t possible right then.
“You thought that if I couldn’t,” Sherlock interrupted, voice tight, “then it would’ve been only a matter of time before I lost control anyway and at least like this, you’d be somewhat mentally prepared for it, so you could escape.”
But they might not have thought to trace it yet. Or if they had, they wouldn’t necessarily have clocked the significance of who it belonged to. Would they? No, he still believed that the Alpha that had procured the phone didn’t know him and certainly didn’t know he was the one who’d gotten it.
There was only a quiet nod, once, of understanding. Well, to be fair, there was a raised eyebrow but that was it.
“Sherlock, that’s the point.”
He had planned to say more but before he could, he was pulled into long arms and soundly kissed.
He was just about to close the door again and continue to look for his boyfriend elsewhere in the flat, in the hope that he was still in the flat and just having got himself tied up in something, probably in his brain, when he spotted something.
“No, of course not,” Sherlock replied, sounding mildly offended but also smiling. “But a not visible blade might just do the trick.”
Even the knowledge that they must’ve been desperate for a child to reach the point of resorting to methods like accepting a child from a harem without any formal documentation didn’t have to negate that.
Beta couples fell somewhere between those parameters. A primary gender female could as easily take on the role of the Alpha in the relationship and subsequent parenthood as the primary gender male could and vice versa with the role of the Omega, being not as encumbered by the whole scent-reliance as the other two secondary genders. It lent them a freedom to pick partners for their personality, though of course many were picked for their looks instead, rather than their biological compatibility and instincts.
The blond didn’t try to push it further into an open-mouthed kiss, however, seemingly content with alternating pressure and angles as they kissed. Not that Sherlock minded, and not only because he was afraid of being a disappointment.
What was that about a John le Carré novel again?
In his throat and in his chest, refusing to move. But they had to move because he needed to tell John. Needed to – to –
“Which means that London won’t just in all likelihood have a beast on their hands, but all your struggles and your sacrifice will have been for naught as well. So that means we’ll all have lost.”
For a moment, the eyes returned to their normal hetero-chromic, round-pupiled state, recognition rising in turn along with puzzlement.
Another, long sigh. “Do please bear in mind that Sherlock is – “
He ran a hand across the long stubble then gave the other a long, scrutinising look, mainly to get him to pay attention and understand what he was about to say was serious.
“Merry Christmas, John,” Sherlock found himself whispering, his hand closing around the box as he stared out across the buildings and streets, in the direction that the doctor ought to be taking. “And happy anniversary.”
Sherlock would have to, provided this didn’t go entirely tits up, do something to say thank you to John for being willing to throw himself out there in the first place. Not just that, either, but do so when the recipient was Sherlock himself, an unknown quantity in many ways for John still, that was –
He then held out a hand, the invitation clear.
Behind him, he could feel Sherlock move closer to the screen, his body pressing against the Omega in his eagerness to better scrutinise.
That only lasted until that night when his brother called to inform him that he wouldn’t be doing that again. After retreating to somewhere John wouldn’t hear him, Sherlock shot back that yes, he would, so long as Mycroft went over his head and decided on his own what was the best approach to this without taking either Sherlock or John into account, let alone letting it be his younger brother who did the deed, as it was
. Fifty-five, then. But compared to the rest of things that have not just been info-dumped on me but expected of me to cope with, this is almost tame. It’s certainly far more within the realms of the logical – and that’s a strange statement, seeing as there’s bloody magic tied in with it.”
It very much did matter to him, and he
“John?”
A hand landed on his shoulder as Sherlock moved the last bit between them. The kiss he landed on the blond’s forehead was hardly sexually charged, as in it was mostly not. Mostly.
Another mouth twist which was accompanied by a sigh. “Must you always stoop to such petty insults? Unimaginative ones, too. Good evening, Doctor Watson, and welcome home.”
The doctor blinked at that, once slowly and then in rapid succession, in the process letting several tears fall at once. When he then focused on Sherlock, a look of realisation and regret slipped across his features. Then he looked down and away, grimacing.
At that, John tensed. Just a little, which was probably just as much an automatic reaction as anything, given that he’d been relayed this just before.
Speaking of which, they had reached the house.
That clearly didn’t sit well with the consulting detective but whether that was uncertainty finding an outlet through sulkiness or just Sherlock’s usual childish petulance at work, John couldn’t quite say.
After she had looked her fill, it seemed, she nodded to herself. But instead of stepping back or saying hello or anything along those lines, she lowered her gaze and looked at his hands.
He wanted to believe, he honestly did. But this fell straight back into the category of wishful thinking and its associated pitfalls.
As John came around to the front to grab hold of the things he’d taken out of the box, possibly adding and subtracting a few things, Sherlock made a quick decision and swiftly pulled the watch from his pocket so that when John was in front of him, he’d be confronted with the watch, lying in the palm of the brunet.
He almost forgot that he was supposed to join in. As it was, he just about managed to make it in time, only stumbling a little on the first note or two. Then his fingers took over from his momentarily unreliable brain and steered him safely through.
“Doesn’t matter,” the taller man said, which was hardly helping.
It ought to have been John who said it, but Sherlock beat him to it, and surprised him a little.
“Nevertheless.”
Possibly it would’ve been different if Sherlock had been the first one revealed as a fire-breathing impossibility, possibly it wouldn’t, but given everything else the bloody git had thrown at him, him being a dragon, too, was somehow not that earth-shattering.
Yes, obviously that as well.
Experiment not going well, then?” was all he said out loud, relatively calmly. When Sherlock looked up at him, however, he took in his expression and immediately went over to embrace the brunet, who wrapped his arms tightly around John in turn.
However, he realised even as he thought it that he was…well, that was part of what he’d signed up for by becoming Sherlock’s bond mate. It just went with the territory, like John’s lack of any proper scent. Or his temper.
But he didn’t want to claim him! That was the whole point! He, Sherlock, had no desire to claim John, and especially not when it meant sacrificing John, in person if not necessarily in body. In fact, that was an enormous part of what he was so terrified of; that if he was to be allowed close to John, it would reawaken that instinct, that deeply rooted desire of the dragon to claim him, which was nothing to do with him.
He was right, too.
Sherlock, struggling in his mind with the situation and his nature, finally makes it to the pool, with all that that entails, which might be more than he bargained for, and John...John does his best to survive being caught between two geniuses.
“Well spotted, Poirot.” If his response was just a little tight, a teeny bit terse, what of it?
He grabbed the blond by the shoulders, fingers digging in, though without claws.
Something which she dearly loved, judging by its slightly squashed appearance, a small tear patched with a length of ribbon and patches of discolouring from where it had lain against skin repeatedly.
A trawl of kitchen cabinets turned up some stale but alright toast, some biscuits, some jam and for some reason a pot of smoked salmon pate.
“I do not recall seeing your watch on the floor or anywhere else, Doctor,” Mycroft said after a pause, presumably to let someone pass, “and I most certainly have not picked up that or anything like it. However, if it has the significance you describe, then my brother will not have let go of it.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Wait, what do you mean, three times?” Was that mess of a mostly emotional memory real, then?
“You do believe me that I wouldn’t leave you out of this, right?”
“I said, no. I’m not going to be here as a worry point or a distraction.”
Secondly, they’d gotten a new English teacher after Mr. Locke had retired, one whose enthusiasm screamed that he was not just fresh blood but green, too. That meant he took an
Not anymore, however, and it had dawned on him just how many things he didn’t have, never mind what they’d need for the baby.
John moved to sit more upright in the chair, the Alpha’s broad hand following the movement to keep touching the Omega’s belly. “And we’re not even at that point quite yet, are we? The normal span is between 16 and 25 weeks, and even if there will be movement at 16 weeks or before, it’ll not be enough for you to be able to feel them.”
While yes, it might well be that he was worrying for nothing and everything would work out fine once they had got some proper sleep, which seemed to finally be the case for both of them. John certainly felt nowhere near as frayed as he had when he’d fallen asleep, which was now further helped by knowing he was still in one piece and in his own home.
How can she be?
John’s face opened a little at that, the line that had been his lips becoming proper lips again, as confusion edged in instead of disbelief and hope mixed with the hurt.
Then nothing.
Why would he look like that? What reason could there possibly – oh.
“Or what? You’ll attack me? Why the delay, then? That’s not very efficient, is it, officer? Or should that be ex-officer?”
“So…what is it
And that was why it would go down well. Why he would do everything in his power to make sure of it.
“It’s a knife, John. It’s hardly a Krummlauf Sturmgewehr.”
In reality, while multiples were not exactly rare, they did not constitute quite that huge a percentage of pregnancies. Around a third of pregnancies had two or more, especially if the one pregnant had carried more than one before, and of that third, triplets counted for a third of that. Twins were a quarter of what was left, and the rest was divided fairly equally between the various larger litters.
“So…this is like a mineral overdose? Like iron toxicity?” It was not his area of expertise by a long chalk but there were a few things he did remember from books and had encountered in his work as a GP.
He couldn’t afford to waste time with
John didn’t answer.
But though Sherlock was clearly able to see John’s hand moving and whereto, he made no comment, not even one of only noise of any kind. Nor did he move in any way.
a ‘later’ for them – or his threats to him or John.
“I never said that I – we’ve had that discussion!”
“We – there’s no bloody decision to be made. That’s been all taken from me.”
He moved even closer around his mate than he already was, if that was possible.
Sherlock looked at his face, then down at the Omega’s stomach and then out at the horizon before coming back to him.
There was one other important question that pushed itself to the forefront of his mind – why had they only decided to fire then? They could easily have done so at any point while John was outside Sherlock’s grip and his protection.
“Really.” The flatness of his tone at that was evidently picked up then equally clearly ignored.
“Oh. Yeah. Thank you. I get it. That – I’m sorry for being such a wreck.”
I...wow! Guys, thank you all for such amazing feedback on the last chapter. It was such a wonderful surprise, you're amazing!
“You cannot expect me not to be worried when you’re nowhere to be found immediately following your performance,” his brother replied, unperturbed by the reaction of the younger Holmes. He came to a stop far too close to them, leaning on the umbrella handle.
Part of his hoard.
Yes. There was nothing he wanted more than to have this man be his but more importantly, have him know just how seriously Sherlock meant this.
It would help, of course, that both of them spoke at least passable French. In fact, Sherlock spoke rather good French, from what relatively little John had heard, which was just…of course he bloody well did.
“You said it isn’t treatable, though.”
“Pays de la Loire.”
“You don’t have to worry or check up on me. I’m not going to let the dragon get control again.” Not really anger, but it wasn’t the lethargic almost-monotone from before, either, so he’d take it.
“Yes,” Sherlock answered. He let John clamber into the car on his own but stayed to be there if he was needed.
John cocked his head slightly. “You seemed to have gone a bit beyond the required reading on all of this.”
He hadn’t asked where the paper had come from or whether it was legitimate; Mycroft wouldn’t use anything he hadn’t had verified. Furthermore, John knew he had his ways, his channels and getting upset about how he acquired information was rather to bang your head against the wall, the doctor had already learned. He had no problem being stubborn when he needed to, but it was a case of picking your battles and this wasn’t one he had much interest in fighting, now or later.
He rubbed at the small of the taller man’s back, trying to help ease the tension and at the same time, apologise for his lack of consideration.
“I managed to get something, yes.”
Some things, though, he couldn’t expand on, such as exactly what had happened in Sherlock’s mind during the time that he’d dived into his own mind to gain the upper hand and the leash of the dragon, no matter how much he tried.
But John, wonderful, clever John, understood and didn’t get angry at him for it. Shaken though he unquestionably was, and worried and scared, he also had enough thought to ask for that which would help, for both him and his mate.
“Well, that’s a load of utter shite if ever I heard it,” John said from beside him. It came out quite calmly, in that special tone of voice John used when someone thought they could pull one over on him and he was putting them in their place, without having to expend effort.
“Three? First off, that’s extremely unlikely when I wasn’t in Heat at the time – and I’m not arguing that point with you right now, I know what a real Heat feels like and I haven’t had one of those since…well. The point is, outside of Heat, not happening. Besides, when the hell did you become that intent on children? You were panicking when you first learned about the one!”
They tried a third one. Things went well there at first until the woman on the phone asked them to bring their bonding certificate. It turned out they’d only take them if they could show proof of a bonding ceremony because they ‘upheld traditional values’, as they preferred to term it, and children conceived in a non-bonding Heat by not already bonded people were considered bastards and should be terminated.
“Well, then…this normally comes next, I believe,” John said and closed the small distance between them.
Something rang a bell, faint and hesitant, in the back of his mind at that.
He could definitely do that. Something in merino wool, if he could find that in that same shade of blue the original had. It looked annoyingly amazing on him and went well with the drama of the coat.
He suddenly had a pang of regret that he’d never taken the time to try and learn the words to the song they’d perform, allowing John’s reassurances that it’d be fine to lull him into forgetting about it, but it was brief and, honestly, rather small. There was no way he’d come out of that securing himself anything, quite apart from the fact that he’d embarrass himself, not to mention the audience.
It didn’t take a lot to work out what the ellipsis was covering over but it was slightly puzzling that John felt the need to change it.
“Perhaps it would be better if you did, sometimes.”
It seemed that it was the added comment more than anything that made the difference to the doctor.
The anger that had been steadily coming closer and closer to the boil inside the doctor’s mind suddenly switched off. Or rather, it became an icy calm.
“I really do need to tell you something before we go further.”
He watched John’s jaw tense a little at that and his lips thin. However, it didn’t go further than that, which surprised him.
might know what John’s friend wouldn’t, and because the blond had told him, not because of what he’d deduced, made him oddly a little happy.
“Don’t think I’m going to get any proper sleep if I’ll worry about…well, not once exhaustion wears off.” Never mind that he had slept earlier and had slept past the point where it could conceivably be exhaustion exclusively that did the work. That was not the point right now.
“Still…it’s far too much, and I might not even fit into it for long.” He glanced down, meaningfully, at his stomach.
“What is it?” This time, it was Sherlock asking the question with an underlying but only slight impatience. It didn’t, however, imply eagerness to get it over with but interest in getting the information out in the open as soon as possible. Though John might be wrong on that score, of course.
He’d thought that he’d be able to recognise her scent anywhere, no matter that she’d been in his arms for so short a time, and he was right. There could be no doubt.
It was a case of them all taking their toll on him, quite apart from the fact that they hadn’t exactly had the quietest day before Moriarty had kidnapped John or even a quiet time before then, either. Each thing that had happened since the case had begun had layered on top of one another like the ingredients in a rather unpleasant trifle, one which weighed heavier and heavier on him.
It took some work but after a minute or two of wrestling it into submission, he felt he had it enough under control that he at least could risk getting out of the car without them taking the helm, as it were.
“It’s not an automated process. What has been started can be paused or stopped.”
Thankfully, he seemed to manage it, propping himself up on one hand while remaining in the other’s embrace, though that might be more to do with how deep the other slept rather than any skill of John’s. Still, he was glad that he managed to not do something that might trigger a reaction.
More silence. Then, the doctor spoke again.
“Oh, I don’t know,” he answered, smiling sweetly. “I think that I’ve been rather good at sharing, especially lately.”
“Why wouldn’t I be?” Sherlock asked, the comment confusing him slightly.
Despite that, John somehow managed not to react other than a twitch of the eyes and a long, sharp inhalation. He kept eye contact, almost demonstratively, while his body did its best to process the pain quietly.
“I…I don’t
He softened his voice again. “Being my bond mate doesn’t mean you’re obligated to tell me, Sherlock. Or do anything, either. It’s not right if you do it because you feel you need to or even wonder what my reaction will be if you don’t…that’s not trust, is it?”
‘I’m afraid that I don’t. – MH’
There was a tight silence at that, one which went on for long enough that John began to wonder if Mycroft had any intention of answering.
That thought alone gave him hope and determination to keep on going. Not that he wouldn’t be fighting for it, regardless of hope, whatever his momentary lapse had said, but nevertheless, it did make some difference, he would have to admit.
Again, the thought of just where he would go with a dragon intent on claiming him on his tail flashed through his mind, and again, he had no answer, even if it seemed that Mycroft wasn’t intending on aiding his little brother in claiming John after all. Not that it likely mattered much but it was the thought that counted, wasn’t it?
“Why me, John?” he repeated. “I don’t understand. Why me?”
Brute strength had done a lot of his work, too, of course, right in this circumstance, and the fact that he was not only an Alpha, he was of a build to support the stereotype, helped to, especially in order to intimidate.
If they did that, then he might as well have gone into John’s work with flowers all around and blaring some ghastly, utterly inane love song from his phone, and have it be over and done with. Quite literally, too, in all probability.
In another sense, it wasn’t even remotely close to that at all.
Once upon a time, which was an awful lot closer than he would have guessed from the psychological distance or that part of him would have liked it to be, Sherlock wouldn’t have cared. He knew he wouldn’t have.
“Still, that’s not – “
He had to admit, he was more than a little impressed. Not only with the case as a whole, though that was unquestionably a large part, but with the fact that he had managed to remain undetected while building his net, that particular metaphor quite wrong in the circumstances.
For a moment, the voice was soft and gentle, its tone warm and sad. Regretful. Pained. It was rather persuasive and convincing, altogether. Or rather, it would have been, had it not been for…
The handle of his umbrella – John had idly wondered more than once already whether he had any practical use for it or whether it was purely to project the image of a classic, unassuming, harmless civil servant to anyone who met him, although he himself rather undermined that – was twirled, slowly and deliberately.
Still, he would be far happier when all this was over and his nerves had proved entirely groundless. Which they would. Of course they would. There was no…if he’d done it right, then it would…
The other hand was on his shoulder, the claws also pushing in there, making more wounds to rival the ones in the dragon’s own back as well as effectively holding the doctor down.
Not before the brunet had closed his arms around his mate in turn, however.
There was no comment to that.
John snorted. “Guess I got that wrong,” he said, just the tiniest glimmer of dark amusement in his voice. “Half-wrong, anyway. You’re not a machine but you aren’t human, either.”
He could probably deduce it…no, he could most definitely deduce what it was, slightly hazy from sleep though he still was. But even though he knew he could, he also knew it would be better for him to allow John to tell him instead, on his own.
“I’m okay with it,” he ventured, guessing at the reason Sherlock was searching his face like that.
What else, then?
Actually, he was rather looking forward to seeing what plans John might have in store for celebrating. He knew the former soldier wanted to celebrate – though honestly, it hardly required effort to work that out – but he didn’t know exactly what he wanted.
That, he had to admit, peaked his interest. As much as he didn’t feel like dealing with a stroppy, childish Sherlock, well, more childish than normally, he could’ve expected that from Mycroft visiting at all, and at least this promised to be unusual and interesting.
As he had turned away from the living room, he failed to see the expression that flitted across the brunet’s face at that, brief but intense. Nor did he notice Mycroft’s answering expression or that he moved forward to place a meaningful hand on Sherlock’s shoulder. One which wasn’t immediately shrugged off and the subsequent whispered comment wasn’t sneered at.
Did they need both parents to be there for the upbringing? He supposed not necessarily, as a lot of humans managed to get by just fine as single parents, but perhaps there was something…well, why else would they call it a claiming ritual? If it was just a case of fertilising eggs and then going back to your own hoard, then there’d be no need for something like that, surely?
It didn’t help, either, that Sherlock, once the Omega stopped in front of him, remained perfectly impassive. Almost as though he hadn’t spotted him or else hadn’t been waiting for him, after all.
John heard the original end of the sentence. He swallowed but kept quiet.
Once again, the consulting detective couldn’t help but feel rather proud of his boyfriend for picking up on something being amiss and putting his finger, correctly, on what it was. Not that he was about to say that out loud, of course. He couldn’t, could he?
Was there something else in the Alpha’s scent beyond normal musk and traces of pheromones? Why would there be, and why would it affect him like that? No, the idea was stupid. But why else?
Sherlock sighed, a tad dramatically, as if John was being dense on purpose. “So, why go for the exact place that you would be more conscious of and react more forcefully to than any Alpha,including me, if his interest was in me? It was you it provoked a reaction in.”
And it wasn’t whether or not she’d be punished, he realised with a sickening twist. It was how she would be punished.
Her focus immediately shifted over to the other hand. John still didn’t move, though his eyes followed her keenly as she went over, picked up his hand, turned it, studied it for a moment, then traced her finger along his palm until she came to the wrist.
Despite the words, or perhaps exactly because of them, their phrasing, he did his best to keep his voice gentle and quiet. Which was possibly manipulative on its own and therefore a further step backwards. It wasn’t meant to be, however, a fact which hopefully counted for something, too.
“No! Of course not!”
? – or merely because he could, it was impossible to know and stupid to try and guess at.
That caused a small shiver in Sherlock, one which gave birth to a stronger one when John continued to speak.
That way, he could at least make sure that no harm would come to the Holmes brothers and they wouldn’t likely be exposed, either. ‘Anthea’ knew her stuff, after all, or Mycroft wouldn’t have hired and kept her. Hopefully, though that was a bit more uncertain, what with the time he’d have to spend going from Baker Street to Whitehall.
“What? The rambling?”
However genuine this all appeared, however much he seemed to care for the little girl, and for her in particular rather than the idea of it, as it were. How ‘into it’ he was in terms of looking after her right now, it was all still a game. A potentially deadly one, if they played their cards wrong or the game changed all of a sudden, which was a likely possibility with but still a game.
Yes, he knew all that, but –
Now there were just the two of them. The dragon was pleased.
“Hold on.” It was Sherlock speaking. “I think John’s right.”
Though that still left the question of
Well, there was no need to relive that part, was there? Not as though he couldn’t remember it all well without it, and in much greater detail than he wanted to, as well, honestly.
Sherlock probably could’ve resisted, if he’d wanted to, but he went willingly enough, and didn’t try to get back up once they were both mostly horizontal.
A moment which was just about what the consulting detective needed.
else going on, something that he recognised but which filled him with dread and so he didn’t want to acknowledge it – was enough to pull him the rest of the way back to, to at least something close to a functional brain.
Right. That was it. He needed some sort of outlet, to help him deal with when his anger boiled over for no apparent reason.
“What shouldn’t I be?”
At some earlier point, he would’ve been scared at the thought, and would’ve worried that it was true. But while that wasn’t to say he didn’t worry about it at all, he also knew that they’d been through what almost no other couple had at the age of their relationship.
Gods, he hadn’t even considered the possibilities inherent in Sherlock’s ability to partially shift. The images that thronged his imagination were quite vivid – and if the brunet wasn’t exactly skilled at intimate touches and explicit talk, he was, as always, quite a fast learner when interested in the subject at hand.
Yes. It would have to be. He could not go back, now that he knew what it was like on the other side, to use a phrase that had been pummelled to oblivion and then sold as sausage filling, to what they had had before. Which would be the second best-case scenario, should he bugger this up enough that John would say no, with the first being the utopia that they carried on as boyfriends, nothing more said.
“But you like my voice, especially right now. I just felt your heart rate – “
The corners of Mycroft’s lips lifted as if someone was pulling and stretching them against his will and best efforts. “Quite so.”
“I’m sorry,” he said, sounding genuinely sincere. “That wasn’t…John, I don’t want to go back to how things were. Neither do I want to get sex over with, now or later, if you’ll want to later, as well. I know that was what I said, and it makes sense you’d interpret it the way you did. But I don’t…”
It wasn’t a question that had come up between them in the preceding few days, even as both had taken moments to lavish attention on the bond bite of the other. That had been at least in part fuelled by biology, but mostly it had had to do with displays of affection and strengthening, if not the physical bond then the emotional one. John hadn’t thought about that side of things at all.
Bracing for something she could clearly sense but didn’t quite understand.
John didn’t rise to it. Instead, he pressed a small kiss against a point on Sherlock’s back. At first thought, it seemed rather a random spot until it clicked; it was the site of one of the bullet wounds, now mostly healed. Given that there had been meddled, as it were, it wasn’t an unfair assumption that there’d be some sort of mark left behind, even if it wouldn’t be a full-blown scar. Normally there wouldn’t but in the circumstances, it was quite likely.
Mycroft, his expression somewhat drawn, leaned forward from his seat on the other side of the bed. His eyes flashed. Before all of this, John would’ve written that image off as nothing more than fanciful language, just something people used when they wanted to dramatize things.
afraid didn’t mean that he was going to let that control his actions.
He didn’t let go of Sherlock’s hand, though, even as he turned back to face him.
Of all the things, though…but there was no justification he could use for this. He knew how much the Alpha cared and tried to do the best thing possible for them and wouldn’t put any of them in danger. Not deliberately, and even that excuse, that he might do it accidentally, didn’t hold water. Even if it did, it didn’t change that John shouldn’t have said it. Shouldn’t have implied that he would put either of them in danger through his experiments.
As he focused further, allowing John’s presence to help once again, he found it easier to wade through the masses; they shrunk from him where before they’d sought him, their bodies deforming further. Not because he was banishing them or making them disappear, as he couldn’t, but simply because they were losing solidity as their power waned in the face of…well, his determination.
Especially considering that he had rarely, if ever, seen Mycroft touch someone else. Even Sherlock, his own flesh and blood, was very rarely touched, as far as John could ascertain. So for him to willingly not just allow John to touch him but actively choose to touch the Omega told quite the little story.
If he wasn’t sure of what he was doing before, that he should carry on with it and put himself out there, no matter the risk, he most definitely was now.
John didn’t want to be a chore but neither did he want to be associated with an unpleasant memory for Sherlock. In fact, he didn’t want it to be anything other than good. Awkward was fine, over with quickly, too. Not too often an occurrence afterwards would be fine, too, really, though he would prefer it not to be a one-time only thing.
“Obviously, yes. These will be your first?”
Something of that must’ve shown in his expression because he got a grim smile in return. “I don’t want to think about that, but I need to. The stories, the real stories rather than the old PR shite Omegas were fed before harems were made illegal, about the fate of such children are enough to make your blood curdle, and few of them are as overly embroidered or fanciful as your mind tries to assume.”
After all, it was such an integral part of him, so difficult to deny and had featured in so much of his life, from seeking validation and adoration through companionship from his peers in primary school, to the thirst for knowledge that had consumed both primary and secondary school, and to a lesser extent, beyond into his adult life, not to mention the rest of it.
“I did,” he answered, voice equally quiet. “I’ve just never said it out loud.”
The identity of harem keeper wasn’t one he was particularly keen on remembering, even if he had no intention to pretend it hadn’t happened. He wasn’t ashamed of it but nor was he particularly proud and yet, he was proud of his charges but at the same time, he felt incredibly guilty about how he’d assisted in their fate and…it was a mess, and that was putting it mildly.
As soon as he was about to close his fingers around the box, however, it was jerked away. Not far but far enough that it couldn’t be mistaken for an involuntary spasm, something which John couldn’t see Mycroft doing in any case.
He had taken something from John. Something which he considered part of his hoard and yet, to see it in John’s hand like this didn’t immediately fill him with an urge to snatch it back as fast as he could.
Pale eyes growing progressively blearier as sleep finally began to march through his head, planting flags and claiming territory all over, Sherlock had something to ask, it seemed.
, John thought,
The other aspects had been greater factors, though, but there was a reason that, despite being an Omega, he’d gone to join the military in the first place and why he’d managed to rise to the rank of Captain in an establishment that talked far more of equality and opportunities for all than they ever practiced it.
Though he couldn’t put his finger on where or when, John had the distinct impression that the man in front of him was someone he’d seen before. It would’ve been a long time ago, and seeing as he was ex-military, it wouldn’t be a far stretch for them to have crossed paths at some point before John’s discharge. Even so, there was something about it, about him that rankled in the back of the blond’s mind, and it wasn’t purely if at all because he’d just effectively broken into the flat.
“No, but normally you don’t see anything wrong with it and so there’d be no need to ‘warn’ me of such an outcome, would there?”
Moriarty’s gaze, along with everyone else, immediately turned to her.
There was little point denying he hadn’t fallen for him at this point.
Moving up the stairs, John noted that Sherlock stayed right behind once again, so that his body covered John’s.
At the same time, the fear, the
It seemed unlikely but at the same time, entirely feasible and within character. He had to admit, whether it was intentional or not, that it did help ground him and take his mind off things for the moment.
okay, so he’d
“Possibly, yes.” Almost certainly, in fact, but…and why exactly wasn’t he telling John that? “Almost definitely, in fact. Which is also why they’ve taken the wife and not the husband.”
The explanation seemed to come with another snarl and an answering roar from a throat that wasn’t his friend’s.
Perhaps he might even still have done something to that effect if Mycroft hadn’t prepared him as he had, and he’d been caught on the wrong foot, as it were, without a present for John, let alone one that was as significant as the padded dressing gown had been. Even if it wouldn’t have been that bad, he couldn’t quite imagine it would’ve gone well.
The ‘reasoning’, such as it was, behind the absurd dismissal went thusly; though he did resemble the picture on the ID, the clerk claimed that it was a passing resemblance at best, with the slightly sneering implication that John’s features were unremarkable enough to be mistaken for a number of other people, and was therefore not valid as a means of identification, and certainly not on its own.
It happened on a level below that. A level where…well…
Their first time together didn’t need to be perfect, but it shouldn’t awful, either, and it most definitely should not be traumatising.
John blinked, thrown by his own thought. He looked down at their ‘joined’ hands. Was that it? Could that be the reason Sherlock had chosen John’s wrist rather than Mycroft’s to clamp onto like this?
The blond pursed his lips for a moment as he shook it off. “I know. I just…not the right phrasing right now. I’ll make it up to you with the coat, though, I promise.”
He reached up as best he could with the height difference and smoothed his hand over the other’s temple and somewhat through his hair. The Alpha leaned immediately into it.
Further confirmation of that he got when pale eyes shifted from looking at the Irishman to looking at him again, and the look in them rather clearly said that he hadn’t meant to slip and certainly hadn’t meant for John to see it. The wild look was joined by a slowly dawning horror as the implications seemed to sink in.
“Not now,” the Alpha said, his voice low…cracking ever so slightly? No, surely not?
To have Sherlock say that, openly and frankly like it was an indisputable fact, was as jarring as the horrified look had been, possibly even more so.
But why else would he shield him? There were only a set number of reasons why you’d do that.
So, he’d been waiting for John. Dressed like that, he’d come all the way down to stand and wait for him, outside, the front door closed so as not to piss off Mrs. Hudson, rather than wait for him back up in the warmth. Yet, he’d stayed put when he’d seen, finally, John coming down the street, instead of coming out to meet him en route, as it were.
“Oh?” John made a concerted effort not to make it sound in any way doubting. He wasn’t entire sure he succeeded but he did try.
After that, he did tilt his head up slightly, continuing to look the other in the eye. The tears had dried on his cheeks, no new ones refreshing the trail.
Today was no exception. In fact, it was more pronounced than usual, because he could hear them all the way up the stairs, or at least their voices. Usually it was one or the other – though mostly it was Sherlock, unless he was sulking – but it was almost never them both.
“Sorry,” he said when he lifted the phone back to his ear.
John settled himself in the middle of the backseat and as he was buckling up – in the back of his mind he noticed that it was a bit of a struggle to get the strip of cloth to reach across his midsection, which was another reminder, as though he needed it, that he couldn’t afford to be reckless in all of this – Sherlock slid in beside him on one side of him
“I’m okay,” he reassured.
“If you want to stay with your Mama, John said, looking her straight in the eye and continuing to speak in that gentle tone, “and your Papa, then that’s alright. More than alright. You are free to choose and whatever choice you make, it will be a good one, and I’ll accept it. I promise you.”
“What?” John asked, for a moment completely thrown, uncomprehending of what was meant. Then it clicked. “The scent bond? But surely, the scent bond couldn’t manage something like – “
Blue eyes widened to an almost comical degree, as somehow did the rest of his face, though whether it was due to the song playing or what came up out of the depths of the box, rotating slowly as it rose wasn’t clear to Sherlock in the moment.
In any case, to have John come right out and say it like that, with the emphasis on meaning it, that at least somewhat negated the idea that he had ulterior motives, didn’t it?
Even if he could accomplish that, though, there was not only Moran to think of, but there was Tessa, though in a different context than that of the thug.
“But you
The younger Holmes had been decidedly less thrilled, at least to start with. Then he’d found out that not only was the man quite proficient himself, he was able and willing to teach him a thing or two he hadn’t known. Though the man was still too much of a busybody for his own good, and far too cheerful and optimistic, Sherlock found himself enjoying the time they spent playing.
The dragon might not have a metaphorical heart, but Sherlock did. He had tried to ignore it over the years, to shut it away, bury it deep and forget that he had it, but it had continued to beat on regardless, and luckily so, for both his and John’s sake, really.
One could maybe have thought that he’d have refused to look at the service records because that’d make it too easy, and perhaps in other circumstances, that’d have been true, but given that he’d needed to know what he’d ended up in through accidentally scent bonding – and he couldn’t exactly easily get to John without tipping someone off or actually performing the rescue that he had ended up doing – service records made an awful lot of sense to peruse.
‘Thought you might need some additional help in your little hunt, Mycroft. Especially in light of very recent events. Would be such a shame if you turned up a little too late, wouldn’t it?
Several more of the small things were starting to shape up, too, and the ones that weren’t could be safely ignored or dropped. Perhaps it was for the best, so that it didn’t become an outright production number. There was just one more thing and for that, he needed Mycroft’s help.
He held out his hand again and John took it. Without any hesitation.
The entire room around them seemed to have frozen, somehow, nobody moving or saying anything.
I know I have added some descriptors to the adoptive parents. This isn't meant to imply that because they're adoptive, they're through and through horrible. Sherlock might just be a little bit prejudiced and not in the best state of mind. My point is, there are a lot of factors in play...
He breathed through his nose, his eyes closed as he sought to grab onto whatever could help calm his beating heart. Apart from the obvious point of his partner being physically right in front of him, there was the scent coming from him, too, that warm, strong, musky smell of Alpha overlaid with the notes that marked it out as Sherlock’s, unique and entirely enticing, but also, more importantly in the circumstances, comforting on a bone level.
If that didn’t utterly incapsulate John, he didn’t know what did. All that he could think to add would be something like an asklepian and that ran the risk of being a bit too clear in design and on the nose, to boot. You didn’t try to tinker with perfection either, of course.
Yes! Yes, it would! Either choice is hell but whatever the end is going to be, I’m not going to let him overpower me like this without a fight, regardless of what powers he happens to possess. It might be for naught but that doesn’t make the battle pointless.
This was interesting to write, in a good way, but still more than a little challenging. We'll get more answers in the next one, I promise - some of them, at least. I hope you're still all okay with the changing p.o.v.s here, it's helping me write this a lot.
Or maybe John was reaching or making conjecture. Who knew, really, what went on inside that massive brain, after all, besides Sherlock? To be perfectly honest, he wasn’t even entirely sure Sherlock knew, though he probably wouldn’t ever admit to that.
“I’ll be careful,” he said.
Even so, it came out quiet. Far quieter and more uncertain than he’d meant it to – if he’d have meant it to come out at all, that was. Which, to be entirely honest, he wasn’t sure he had.
I am sorry. So sorry. Like with the other fic I just updated, I thought I'd updated this in December and I hadn't and...I didn't mean to leave you hanging. All five of you. It's not even very long.
“My mind might struggle but that would be from simple overload of delicious information,” he said and dammit if there wasn’t the slightest of purrs to it, “and wouldn’t that be worth it?”
Keeping it safe for you, you might say.
“All the more reason that she might.”
“I’m not anyone’s,” he said through the gag, voice somehow sharp as he glared at both of them in turn. Dragons or not, explosives or not, he wasn’t that toy to be fought over until it broke, purely because the other shouldn’t have it, and he wouldn’t be treated as such. He didn’t have control over much right now, and he’d take what little he could. “I belong to myself and I’m no one’s possession.”
Before he reached the front door to the flat, however, he stopped when Sherlock called out after him, turning his head a little to look at them.
It was the tension of a predator getting within striking distance of its intended prey, but the prey was not without defensive measures and needed to be accommodated for as they struck. Especially since those defensive measures were as much offensive measures as anything.
here. Between you. If you’re going to talk about me as though I’m not here, I’d at least like an in-flight magazine.”
“I can smell something that smells a lot like them, yes, but that’s not definitive, Sherlock. You cannot use residual scent trails as evidence, not on their own.”
They were only attempting to help each other.
John kissed him on the cheek. “I know. I’m an idiot for getting worked up about it, but I do know when I stop to actually think.”
He got up from where he’d been sitting, in front of the microscope in the kitchen, and went over to a drawer. Not the one where the rest of the knives lay but then again, would John really have expected that? To be honest, he probably would’ve been more surprised had it been stashed in some place sensible.
P.S. She really is a darling child. So sunny and open. Such a shame.’
John.
“– I would ask, in complete seriousness and sincerity, if you would consent to – “
John, probably expecting it to be a hand of congratulations, even if that was rather antiquated a gesture, grabbed his hand to shake it.
That he was effectively one-handed and without a weapon wouldn’t ordinarily matter to him, except for the fact that he’d been overpowered earlier and could be so again, more easily than before, and with perhaps far more serious an outcome than the first time.
Sherlock’s legs jerked as they tried to follow through on that; move him forward and grab hold of the girl, drag her back or pick her up, if need be. Whatever it took to get her back to them if John wasn’t going to do it himself.
The pool would be the best option for getting rid of the vest, but he didn’t have the time nor the freedom of movement to accomplish it. Every other option his mind was able to conjure met the same problem.
to get at it, circumnavigating the deadlock, then…
An image flashed by in his mind; of Mycroft, in his three-piece suit, not a hair out of place or a crease in his jacket, walking around an exhibit or even an open field, a small hand firmly held in each of his and a small chin resting on his head while chubby legs wrapped around his neck and hands splayed on his forehead. All three little terrors listening intently as he explained something or other.
“Given how he has chosen to continue to deal with your relationship, it seems highly unlikely.”
Even the button nose was there, with its upward tilt though quite obviously less pronounced than on the grown-up face, and the ears that weren’t huge at all but were just round and tilted enough to be noticeable. They would probably wiggle ever so slightly, too, when she was excited or otherwise animated.
Only, John hadn’t taken it. Why hadn’t he taken it? It wasn’t as though it had been
He turned to go but the Alpha halted him with a hand on his arm. John looked at him, questioningly, until it clicked.
The second was a little less likely but not outside the realms of possibility.
Well, no, obviously it wasn’t, but he refused to classify it as something as primitive and base as ‘mating’. They were not animals, even if one was a mythical beast on top of it all, they didn’t mate. No, they had extra rituals to make it all civilised and humane, didn’t they?
It was a thought that touched on something hard and sickly as it swam back down in the depth, but he pushed it aside.
No, that was true…but it was still a little bit of a something. Something he could work with, apart from the peck he’d just given.
But then again, one of the things about John was that he was predictable and easy…right until he wasn’t anymore. That moment hadn’t become any easier to predict for Sherlock in the time they’d lived together, nor had the specific reaction it would cause.
Not that Sherlock cared one way or another, except when somebody called him Mr. Holmes instead of just Holmes. It reminded him of people calling on his father.
Appeasing him? No, that was…that wasn’t right. They weren’t doing that, and they most definitely wasn’t stringing him along, either. Though the latter was significantly worse, both had implications that he didn’t much care for and besides, he knew that they weren’t true.
John crawled in immediately after him. Actually, he pulled the duvet loose first, all the way so that movement on either of their parts wouldn’t be hindered, should they for whatever reason need it.
What would he even be running for? Who would he find at the other end of it?
A spider hid and scuttled, waited around. Bided its time. Looked at every angle and more importantly, looked at every angle
She managed an affirmative and added, with a bit of effort, that the doctor hadn’t told her anything.
Had Mycroft heard him say that out loud, he would’ve snorted or, more likely given it was Mycroft, he would’ve raised an eyebrow and have questioned where Sherlock might have gone, as that lack of confidence in himself couldn’t be him.
He would have to trust his own mind, even if he didn’t trust his own nature.
“You’d be going out of your mind within an hour or two at most,” he pointed out, though the effect was lost a little in his slightly breathless tone.
There's a lot of baggage brought into this, old and newly forged and it becomes difficult to tackle too much at once
This time, Sherlock didn’t admonish him for interrupting. “Yes. Only, though I wasn’t in a position to make any kind of fair assessment of the issue at the time, it didn’t quite feel like the hunger I had for objects.”
“That’s not…I don’t…”
He shook his head. “For a moment, I thought you had gathered everyone and brought them up here to celebrate Christmas with us and you’d made me go pick these up to make it a little bit more special for us as well.”
John smiled in turn then leaned in for a kiss. One which started tender and sweet but rather quickly grew firmer and more passionate and then he opened his mouth.
Deliberately so? He couldn’t help but wonder, now. Nor could he shake the gnawing worry at the pit of his stomach that, as had been a previous point of worry and contention, the care Sherlock had shown for him now, so out of the blue and so intense, along with the protective behaviour, had nothing to do with John as a human being, as a person, but as the possession he had almost lost to another dragon.
Mostly it didn’t feel earned because he didn’t know that this was true just yet. How could he, after all? He had only just woken up. There was no saying whether he was safe to be around John yet, even though things seemed to be going alright, argument notwithstanding, between them, let alone whether he could safely move…beyond that.
Possibly because he knew Sherlock would worry about it? It would make sense that John would pick up on that sort of thing, after all, and the way he gripped and caressed the bony hand in his was a clue in itself.
Only to find John having lost the battle with not only one tear but a whole little regiment of them, marching down his cheeks, the light turning them into little crystals to make the decorations.
So, John proceeded.
he thought, trying not to think about any possible long-term damage something like this might inflict
Where John was dragged off to was not where he’d expected to go, if he’d expected anywhere at all, really. Mostly because he couldn’t imagine Sherlock having much interest in spending time in such places, thinking them boring, which, to be honest, they were.
“No,” was the answer. “Though of course that won’t mean you’ll stop.”
thought beyond that. “The hell else does it mean, then, and how was I to know? It’s not as though either of you have exactly been brimming over with titbits on dragon lore, is it?”
Actually, to be perfectly honest, it would not only be obstinate but downright idiotic to assume anything else, really.
The glint grew for a moment before fading. The widening of the smile stayed then faded too.
"Yes.”
John would return home when his anger had quietened, if not to the same embers that always smouldered at the core of his being, then to a slightly higher intensity than that. That could take hours or the rest of the night.
Why on earth was he so interested in what John wanted to do when he left school? They wouldn’t have anything to do with each other, and this stretched quite past being friendly. He would bet just about anything ‘Mike’ didn’t know what John wanted to do for a living.
that you were wrong because you used the wrong tense. It’s not ‘were’, it’s ‘are’. I
Well, yes, that was true. It just didn’t mean they were important or if they were, they weren’t near as important as those of his bond mate and their child. Their children.
He hoped fervently that Moriarty had done nothing, though, and this was all just Sherlock’s imagination having a rare spasm. In fact, if there was one thing he would ever think to pray for – apart from the fact that they all made it out alive, of course, though that was up to him and not some meddling deity of some description – it was that no harm had come to Tessa, in any way, shape or form.
Likely since he had known John. More realistically, since he’d worked up the courage, with a bit of help, to progress their relationship, when emotions had become not just an expected part of half the dynamic but an equally expected and, more importantly,
“Hi,” he replied. What should he say? What could he say? What did he have time to say?
“I…yes, I think…but I can’t – you shouldn’t be…ngh!”
Even if he was right, it didn’t mean that he ought to run after him, knife or not. Probably especially not then, because then he had not even the tiniest hint of an excuse of ignorance.
The inevitability of it was almost what struck the most, somehow.
“John, I’m sorry I – “
So, he would just keep his eyes open…for another minute…or two. Just to…to see that…
So long as he accepted and did it genuinely, as it were, then everything else could’ve gone to hell and it wouldn’t have mattered.
Now, why did he say that? It wasn’t as though he didn’t understand why Mycroft would be worried about this or that he didn’t appreciate his worry, either.
I am a dragon. I can fly, he cannot. He knows I’d be able to catch up to him in a very short amount of time and – oh.
That position only lasted until Sherlock saw what he’d done. Then a long arm reached out to land on his hip. But surprisingly, it didn’t pull at him beyond a little tug.
do, John corrected him, but gently. Consciously so, because he could see the intentions behind it, and he was determined to work on and better his own behaviour to not include that knee-jerk reaction anymore. Or at least curtail it when it happened, such as now.
Right. There would definitely have to be some time spent securing the various rooms so that they would not just be baby-safe but, almost more importantly, safe from a curious and investigative toddler. With Sherlock’s experiments and equipment, that might have been a moot point had they not already discussed it.
“You need sleep, too.”
Quite a lot of other people but he was going to ignore that.
There was a small urge to close his eyes, out of concentration rather than nervousness. There was quite a bit riding on getting this right, after all.
…Yes. Probably. Possibly, at least.
The momentary lapse was used by Moriarty to wrest his hand free. Then he brought the bloody fingers towards his mouth, his lips parting slightly in anticipation. All the while, he kept his eyes on John, amusement creeping back into his features.
Inside was a…actually, there were quite a few things in there. He recognised a rattle, a plush toy, a lovey, what might be a hooded bath towel, judging by the look of the cloth, and cotton baby booties. They were all in soft material, the plushie and the lovey in that special fuzzy-soft fabric, and the colours were a gender-neutral white and yellow. In fact…was that a bee attached to both the lovey and the rattle? Seemed to be, though the plush toy was unquestionably that of an otter.
There was still time to sort it out. He would put it aside for the moment and give it all some time to simmer and mature in his head while he did something else.
“Yes. Is that important?”
By the time he’d gone over each and every wound, big, small or tiny, Sherlock was in the peculiarly situation of polar opposite feelings running through him simultaneously; he was aroused by the touches but more by the fact that it was John doing the touching, and he was nervous and apprehensive, bordering on scared, of just what would be in store when the examination was over and John laid aside his doctor persona.
“Honestly? I’m still not entirely sure I know what I did to this,” Sherlock said, blinking in something resembling innocent confusion. It was hard to fight the grin that was pushing at the corners of his mouth, attempting to get out into the open. “You can’t deny that it worked, though. Well, you can, obviously, and you might, but the evidence is still right there. All gone. Your last way in. Or out if you prefer. Result is the same. You’re stuck, now.”
There's an awful lot to make sense of and get under mental control in a situation like this but Sherlock tries. It would help if things were at least clear in his head.
It was in the little things, not the grand gestures.
“Which region?”
, when everything that he had set in motion was ready or would be by the next morning. There was no case on nor any shift that John had to spend his time on, and so they’d had a quiet night together.
He felt a kiss behind his ear. “And you’re sure you don’t want the pleasure of contacting them yourself instead?”
Despite his position, Mycroft managed to draw himself up, his chin lifting slightly as he somehow looked
“Not now,” John said, trying to keep his tone…free of inflections, really.
Sherlock would agree but something was stuck in his throat, so he only managed a small nod.
John stayed in the kitchen, though, even after the door had closed, making himself, and only himself, a cuppa. He contemplated making himself something to eat, too, as he’d only bought himself a toastie while out but decided against it, on the grounds that there likely wouldn’t be much to make anything from, and he wanted to be out of the room soon.
No, that wasn’t true. He’d tried to give it back, hadn’t he? When he – when he’d tried to mend the bridges that he had already set merrily ablaze not only through the revelation of his nature and what had gone before with Moriarty but through his own behaviour.
He almost missed what John said next in his mental flagellation, even though it was the most important thing of all.
The consulting detective then brought a hand down between them and covered the length that pressed hard against the soft material of the underwear it was encased in. He didn’t squeeze or trail his fingers along it, just let his hand stay there with the lightest of pressures against it.
“You’re…you’re…!”
There was another pitiful noise, much quieter than the first and then a drawn-out yet almost inaudible sigh, as though peace had been found at last, despite all efforts.
Moriarty pursed his lips in a mocking ‘aw’ gesture before the not-quite-grin returned.
“Good,” Sherlock interrupted, yet again. “That way, it might be slightly easier to trace who gave you the phone in the first place.”
daughter is in possible but very real danger from whoever has given you that paper and that what we might find will not be her at all!”
One could argue that it had more to do with trying to compare two faces, to see if they matched, if they had similar features, without being spotted.
“No.”
As he did so, his eyes kept darting back to John, though whether that was for reassuring or something else, it was hard, even for Sherlock, to work out.
“Who, then?” he asked, speaking softly. He moved a hand up to cup the back of Sherlock’s head, guiding him wordlessly towards his bond bite.
The clerk readily agreed, the process smoothed by people’s tendency to easily believe in slightly ditzy Omega behaviour, conditioned to through years of indoctrination and media portrayals.
He felt some stirrings again, stronger than before, but his transport had been through too much to muster the energy for something like that, too, not without some rest first.
“Exactly.” John squeezed the hands holding his before he leaned up and stole a kiss.
“No, you didn’t.”
When they’d arrived down at 221a, however, it had been Sherlock introducing John to Mrs. Hudson, explaining to her that he was his new bond mate that he’d met while on a case.
“What? Oh. Honestly, John, I haven’t. I’ve been refraining from it, in fact, actively, as I mentioned before, I believe. It’s high-end but you’ve obviously decided to spend some, if not all of the money you had on you on this one item, which rather suggests that it, whatever it is, matters a lot to you. In light of that – “
“A fair bit,” Sherlock admitted. “And I learned a good deal from your service records, too.”
With a bit of luck, it’s still edible,” he said as he brought it over to the dining table.
you’re
“Do you?”
“Right, then,” he said, and his voice was calm, but tight. “They’re waiting outside for us, aren’t they?”
“John?” he asked. There was no answer. “John, what do you need to – I gave that back to you. I…I did, didn’t I?”
Then he could endure the possibility that he would fail. That he would be rejected, and he would lose John. The thought wasn’t one he wanted to have, abundantly obviously. But as he sat, ostensibly peering at something under his microscope, with less than a week left until Christmas, and his chest burned and cramped and threatened to implode and explode simultaneously at the idea, he realised that he couldn’t escape it.  However much he tried to deny it was a possibility, if a negative one,
A shot rang out in the aftermath of that scream. Hard on the heels, in fact, so much so that it almost entirely obscured the noise of the gun, which was a feat in itself.
In response, rather than being offended, Sherlock reached over, grabbed John’s hand and interlaced their fingers. The Omega smiled and looked back at the screen, not even close to tired yet of looking at the proof that he was pregnant. There was also quite a lot of relief in the knowledge that the scent bond deterioration hadn’t caused damage to the foetuses.
An odd and not entirely pleasant expression flitted across his mate’s face at that and Sherlock could’ve bitten his tongue.
The issue, though, wasn’t just the dragon and the continued risk of being swallowed – it wasn’t that it couldn’t breathe fire but if it did that, to what was in control of the mind, whatever it claimed, destroyed him rather than consumed him, then there wasn’t much mind left to control, was there? No, the issue was just as much that he had to navigate through an increasingly tired mind, through the pitfalls and desires of the depths.
Once upon a time, he would’ve immediately run after whatever, whoever it was, ready to confront them. Ready to tackle them, if need be.
“I said what, Sherlock?” he asked, voice very soft and encouraging.
He stopped the gathering rant when John, who’d gone up on his toes a little to reach, pressed his nose against not the bond bite but another sensitive spot on the jaw, nuzzling it lightly.
So it seemed, at least, to the point that even Sherlock’s mind had trouble keeping up with it, let alone his body.
Intimidation had no hold, either, but the poor tit had so few tools in his arsenal to deploy that even when he knew they didn’t work, he had little else to exchange them with.
“But – “
Apparently, the security officer in question wasn’t used to teddy bears that were weighted like that and so they thought the bear carried contraband in its innards.
Of course, it didn’t exactly help his mental faculties that he was being given a hug by John. It derailed him just a little.
“Later,” he promised, going for a different approach. “As long as you’d like.”
“He still needs to be looked after and monitored,” he said. “It looks like we are out of the woods, but it depends on what happens next.”
The maw opened but before anything could come out – John had the distinct feeling that it was roughly a fifty-fifty chance at any given moment whether it would be words or something altogether more lethal, if not more dangerous, coming out of that mouth – the sound of an incoming text could be heard, and it didn’t come from John’s phone.
Then he wrote, ‘Are you still awake? John? – SH’
They were barely out of the door when he’d come up to them, saying that he’d paged the doctor in question while they’d been in there and he was now on his way to meet them, with a copy of the file in tow.
It was something that he could ask about later, though. If he needed to ask questions right now, it was better to concentrate on the practical rather than the self-deprecating.
Where had all that come from? He would never have believed that he was ever jealous over John’s relationships. He hadn’t even known him…well, it felt as though he’d known him always or at least for a very long time but in reality, it was comparatively short amount of time. There shouldn’t be that many layers, no matter how broad his jealousy had been.
“Oh, give over, you plonker,” he grinned. He reached out and shoved at the shoulder closest to him, in what was meant as a playful gesture.
That admiration, however, faded somewhat in the face of the knowledge that he’d employed those skills to kidnap his flatmate and shield him, too. Shield him so well, in fact, he was impossible to detect, even for Sherlock.
“Even if you could’ve gotten it off, you might not have been able to get much further. Though your idea of garlic or silver is preposterous, I suspect that there may indeed have been something to agitate the wound in the bullets, effective regardless of their ability to penetrate, or lack thereof.”
After every eruption, every calamity, the dust eventually settles. Settles on whatever is left.
Service records. Of course. Probably given to him by Mycroft, if he hadn’t unearthed them himself somehow. Gave him an idea of who his new bond mate would be, John supposed, which really was more than fair of him, all things considered.
At the same time, the weight and movement of the knife, hanging from his belt, as he walked was inescapable. He was grateful to have it but even so, it was a reminder that he wasn’t normal. Not in the regularly accepted sense, anyway.
“Are you
“Both at the same time? Isn’t that doing it wrong?”
It was something of a contradiction, but he could say with certainty that
According to the Beta, their little girl hadn’t really stirred, being fast asleep. At least, until he had backed straight into the entrance, where his heel had hit something soft and squishy and yet heavy.
Where was he going?
As the last note rang out, they were smiling at each other, not saying anything.
“And I’ve hauled you off onto at least the sofa when I’ve found you because sooner or later, you are going to do irreparable damage to your body.”
it snarled. ‘
Soon, almost too soon, they were once again in a car being driven by someone else, but this time, the car was a cab rather than conspicuously anonymous black car, and the scenery was somewhat more…picturesque than London traffic, though that was hardly saying much.
They were John’s.
It was easy enough, relatively speaking, to have a declaration and then follow it up with some big romantic gesture or even a series of them as you floated high above in your little castle in the air, filled with love and ease. Sooner or later, though, reality, or rather the everyday, would infringe upon any such bubble and would, if not exactly burst it, at least puncture it enough for it to slowly leak and deflate.
Something small but exceedingly warm flickered in his heart when she wrapped her legs around him as tightly as her arms were wound around him. Clinging to him, almost.
He looked at Mycroft, then over at John, where his eyes narrowed briefly before going even wider than before, if that was possible. Then they darted back to his brother.
He might even say that he felt good. Not great just yet, but a marked improvement.
But would there be enough for all of them?
“She won’t hear you,” Sherlock commented from behind.
But there was nothing but the eye, staring him down. Trying to intimidate him.
It was just as well, then, that he’d been prepared for such an eventuality and had paid in cash – he’d taken a case in the interim of deciding to propose and had, when the client had insisted on paying him, had made them give it in notes, and had kept it with him until he found what he wanted – in a small store that was both a jewellery shop and an antiques shop where it was rather easy to block your actions from the shop’s CCTV cameras.
Focus should be on eliminating these backdoors and do it as quickly as possible.
“Sherlock?” he said, voice still low but infused with a smidgeon of hope.
Though he still kept an eye out for reactions, he didn’t stall to see whether one would come. It was probably bad enough that he’d waited to see it react, quite apart from having to also keep an eye on the older brother to make sure he didn’t do anything stupid. Instead, he immediately moved the box onto the next wound that he could reach easily.
They were, of course, not prepared to shoot without express permission from Moriarty, and not purely because Sherlock would bet that at least half of them had been claimed by the Irishman at some point. But that just pushed the question to why he hadn’t given the permission at that point. It wasn’t as though he needed to voice it out loud.
. The voice was quiet but clearly audible for that, giving away its proximity, and superiorly mocking in its tone.
It was his coat. Or rather, it was what was left of it, lying in tatters on the floor on the other side of the bed.
I'm sorry it's taken a month and a half to get this out. Hopefully it was worth the wait but if it wasn't then I'm sorry. I am trying and at least we're getting somewhere...I think.
“Won’t it – if the courting claim is to succeed, which the watch is instrumental to achieving in some fashion, then surely, shouldn’t that be it? What does it matter if I feel jealous, or, more specifically and importantly, felt jealous, before the claim is sealed? The completion of the bond, the claim, whichever, should soothe over any feelings of jealousy thoroughly. It would have no reason to exist, then, seeing as the dragon would consider you its own.”
What it said was,
His mind circled back to the earlier thoughts on other meanings of claiming. Was that why? Could it be that…Mycroft had used the term ‘exacerbate the matter’, which would seem to strongly suggest that there would be a negative reaction to having someone unfamiliar, which neither John nor Mycroft was, enter his domain without his conscious say-so.
That was not a reaction normal children had. It was definitely one they never ought to have. Even he knew that. Afraid they’d done wrong, yes, that was quite normal, as was the expectations of punishment.
There was a pause at that, a lengthy one. “I thought you’d know.”
That required further research. Perhaps he could –
“Can’t you just say ‘look in his pockets’ or something for once, Mycroft? Be clear and direct.”
As he drummed his fingers against the cover instead, something caused a breeze. He looked up as a lock clicked and the front door opened – Sherlock had gone out to get them something to eat, he’d said, about half an hour earlier– warily, instinct kicking in to prepare him in case it was someone who wished either of them harm.
Sherlock and John discuss how to deal with Moriarty when Mycroft calls with the information on the paper
“John…”
After a moment or two, John rose back up, with the help of his grip on the hand of the brunet – he would probably never say it out loud but there was something endearing about the Omega struggling to get used to his changing centre of gravity – and turned to the other.
But even Sherlock didn’t have that depth in both his eyes and voice, however much of a baritone it might be, something on the edge of awareness that spoke of things in dark recesses, caves and the bottoms of wells. Waiting to pull you in or down with it and never release you.
“Was that by design?”
Anything that could possibly help him secure that his flatmate stayed with him, and not because of Moriarty’s machinations and designs, he would be willing to do. Anything.
“Does it matter?”
Oh, please. Let him say yes. Just let him say yes.
“Love, what’s going on? Tell me. Please?”
“That was not what I was going to say nor what I felt. Please don’t put words in my mouth.” He paused for a moment, then added, with the smallest of smiles that was more of a lip curl than anything, “Besides, that would be pot and kettle, wouldn’t it?”
“I thought they knew you were already happily married to the country, though I suppose extra-marital affairs are de rigueur among the upper echelons of society.”
There would be no reason to but then, when had that ever stopped a type like that? Breathe the wrong way, or breathe at all, and that’d be all the excuse they’d need.
The Alpha reached out a hand, taking John’s in his, slowly enough that John had time to pull away if he wanted, and the blond let him.
live,” the Alpha corrected, a little pointedly though his voice was still warm, “and it’s nothing that cannot be easily sourced if you want to. There are not a ton of people named Sherlock Holmes in Greater London.”
However, the Alpha didn’t seem to take it as such. Instead, he shook his head, quickly and earnestly.
He leaned over for a kiss on the lips, which Sherlock was happy to give. Quite unintentionally, it became long and lingering even if it remained entirely chaste and sweet.
Then Moriarty let go of John’s jaw, trailing a little blood from the puncture wounds, and took a few but long steps backwards, spreading out his arms as he did so.
“What, you were expecting it not to?” Sherlock replied with a haughtily indignant expression on his face. The blond frowned for a moment, until he saw the light in pale eyes.
So, he took the hand in his and brought it closer to him, though in reality, seeing as John had a risk of falling over, he was the one to move himself closer. Instead of kissing the hand again or something similar, he brought it close to his chest and wrapped both hands around it, cradling it.
Secondly and more subtly, he realised that this was the first time Sherlock had used an endearment. It had been a little hesitant and uncertain, but it was most definitely there. He had heard it; he was sure he had.
It needed him. Needed him far more than he needed it, and because he needed John…
body.
He ignored it as best he could, which was something of a struggle given the closeness of it. When he touched the foot, he felt a shock of that energy he had sensed before, running through him hard. Attempting to dominate him, to control him.
He was glad that this seemed to have broken the tension somewhat, for whatever reason, but he still didn’t understand it.
They stayed like that for a long time, long enough for John to start shivering in the relative cool of the room and his lack of clothes. But it didn’t matter. Nor did it matter when the hands changed to clutch at his shoulders from behind and the nails dug in hard enough that he momentarily feared they’d become claws. They hadn’t; they were just digging in very hard.
John stared at the Irishman, not quite believing what he’d heard. Give him back? What the hell did he mean ‘give him back’? And there was that word again, ‘possession’. He wasn’t anybody’s possession, let alone Sherlock’s.
“I said that was a knee-jerk reaction, okay? A little time to think was needed, that’s all. I, and I know you’ll correct me if I get it wrong, am thinking that having a mate as a dragon is sort of along the lines of when birds find a mate? One for life, sort of thing?”
After what felt like hours but couldn’t have been more than a few minutes at most, John lifted his eyes up to meet Sherlock’s.
“Guess he was right, then,” the Alpha said, his tenor voice edging towards baritone but with an odd rasp that marred the otherwise smooth received pronunciation he possessed, though despite that, it still had the slightest hint of a London accent, too. “You have found yourself a new hole to crawl into. What, palaces suddenly too grand for you?”
While immobile, he instinctively listened for any sound coming from the closed bedroom. He thought he heard something, a crash and some sort of growl or snarl but he wasn’t sure. He frowned.
Being a little closer, he then took, still keeping eye contact, an audible and deliberate breath through his nose, where it was the easiest to pick up on scent and the associated pheromones.
Yes, so he might have expected that person to have been a woman, he wasn’t going to deny that, especially if that someone had added he would end up falling in love with that person. That did not equal that he was averse to it being a man and he couldn’t deny that Sherlock did tend to blow past any normal boundary as if it didn’t even exist.
What if that wasn’t enough? What if Moriarty’s blasted meddling, whatever his reasoning for it, wasn’t the end of it? Mycroft had suggested as much earlier, even if he had claimed not to know enough about it to be definitive. But regardless, it seemed a growing likelihood that there is, that even if they fix this, Sherlock won’t wake.
Pale eyes turned to him, and there was something in them that he couldn’t decipher. It wasn’t bad, exactly, but it was a little…puzzling. Then they turned away again.
The thought, the mere thought that lack of funds, something as basic, stupid and essential like that, could mean he was going to hurt his children, potentially damage them irreparably, if they even made it…it made bile rise in his throat, said throat’s constriction concentrating the bile into a lump of searing pain.
“How long ago the ship has sailed.”
Mycroft blinked rapidly a few times but recovered quickly. The blink was a definite indicator that the mask wasn’t solid, however.
I hope this in fact got further than it felt like it did.
‘Well, Mike and me, really, but yeah.’
“You did get it right,” he repeated, keeping his tone and volume low and sincere. “You…without you starting in this way, this slow and gentle start, I can’t say I would’ve been in a good headspace or a headspace to cope with it all.”
He sat there, blearily staring at nothing, trying to piece his world, and himself, together.
I managed not to hit burn-out last time but I have been exhaustion/fatigue-ill for about a week so there is probably still going to be a wait for the next chapter, too, as I try to right myself.
What they did get out of him was that the duo of Alphas had taken their daughter from them; the smaller had plucked her neatly from his arms while the taller had punched him in the face, the wife falling to the floor as he moved.
If that was what it took, then that part of the plan would stay, regardless. Perhaps even if he’d gone through and scrapped the whole thing.
“I want to, you idiot. I do and you know why? Because I want
The dragon was in it for itself, always and ever.
It was meant to be charming and perhaps it was to the right type of person but to John, all it registered as was impertinent haughtiness that had in no way been earned. Expecting a level of not just deference or respect but catering to on the mere grounds he was an Omega.
‘Yeah, fine, thank you. Anything from Moriarty?’
They were bibs. Rather expensive, high-quality ones of the same colour.
Now that many of the roadblocks have been cleared and declarations made, it should be time to get close. Only, bodies need rest and intentions need to be put into practice.
“You don’t need a bumbling doctor to hamper you.”
“Now you’re just being pedantic for the sake of it.”
“…Sherlock, you’re not…you’re seriously saying you were intending to buy all of those clothes?”
If he expected a fanfare or John flinging himself into his arms, he was to be disappointed. Not even the smile that he had so come to look for and depend upon, in a way he would never have thought possible before he had met John.
Thank you all for the amazing feedback and understanding, you are the best readers I could hope for.
Did he?
What he exhibited now was the aftermath of his earlier anger, banked but smouldering and ready to flame when needed.
John was definitely filing that away for later sure.
Which held even more weight for him because if he did it, it wouldn’t merely reflect badly on him, which would be frustrating but something he could live with. It would do so on Sherlock, too, and given that he was a well-known detective, though perhaps not the one most widely beloved by the general public, it seemed, he could bring him in into trouble by doing it.
But he wanted to live like they had forever more. To banish all doubt, for John and himself both. If he didn’t do this, that doubt would always hang above him, and them by extension, and that might…well, even if it didn’t poison or otherwise taint the relation over time, it would drain Sherlock.
Only, the dragon wasn’t.
Sherlock felt something claw its way painfully but quickly and determinedly up his throat at that. He had no idea whether it was a laugh, a sob or possibly a scream. It might well be all three at once.
John tries to readjust and to relearn his responses to a world, or even a part of it, that has changed a little since he 'went away'. Or is it him that's changed?
You really are too sweet and wonderful, guys. Thank you, it really makes the world of difference. And thank you so much for your patience!
It did, however, make it slightly more plausible he’d go to these lengths for the game.
Sherlock nodded.
As he watched John’s face fall a little again before it was quite forcefully hidden, however, the thought that he could manage to lose his friend in a number of ways, not just through claiming, flashed through his mind. Again?
Feeling the small yet fervent relief that the body here meant that his bond mate hadn’t been taken thrum through his body, along with the ice shard of worry that he didn’t see whatever Moriarty had been in the process of taking from his pocket, Sherlock looked up and around him.
It wasn’t what Sherlock had expected to be asked. At all. He turned his head, fast enough that there ought to have been a snap, to look at the other.
And it was rather unfair of him to assume that just because Sherlock hadn’t shown any interest in sex or anything related to it in the time in which they’d known each other, that he was completely inexperienced or just unaware. Their first kiss, with both of them mentally present, had been somewhat passive on Sherlock’s part but the second one definitely hadn’t been.
Sherlock didn’t seem to mind because if it had been there, he would’ve picked up on it, John knew.
“She’s a regular ‘user’, which means she is trusted by the owners to allow her to return, but not an owner herself, or you wouldn’t have risked it. That she has given you something, through another or not, is a risk factor, if for no other reason that she is sure to have put tracers on the phone.”
He no longer felt alone down there. Not because the dragon, the huge, hulking beast was right there beside him, the continued, utter stillness of it worrying. Nor because he had the weight of everything else that was stored in his Mind Palace bearing down on him, the depravities that was contained around him.
Sherlock wouldn’t be requiring him to stay in, not when he himself wasn’t in. Well, technically it was possible, but it was unlikely.
“He succeeded in that, too, didn’t he?” he murmured, as though to himself.
No. He wasn’t to use things, he was meant to close gaps and cracks and contain the lizard infestation.
Nothing. Not at all.
Sherlock looked at figure of his partner, his bond mate, and shifted the hand in his to a firmer hold. He didn’t say anything, however. Whatever he could think to say was something that John was undoubtedly already well aware of and debating with himself inside his mind. To bring it up might just make him feel guilty for feeling like this and needing to pull himself together in the first place and while that was nonsense, as far as the brunet was concerned, it was also something he recognised as not his to judge.
But that was not the issue or the focus right now.
“Ten thousand dead people can’t be wrong, can they?” Sherlock sneered. “If only you weren’t so keen on stagnation, you might manage to
“John!”
‘Yes. – SH’
mind, Sherlock Holmes, and while he had been ready in his younger years to allow the drugs to consume him, for reasons that were quite different, he wasn’t going to allow this part of him be his master now. He was the master, he rode the dragon and held the reins, not vice versa. Not now nor ever again. He would make certain of that, one way or the other. He would.
The older brother could undoubtedly extrapolate a lot, nevertheless. He always could, and this was something that he must have quite a bit of personal connection to and understanding of.
Not before John’s soldiering instincts would kick in, in any case, and likely, if Sherlock were to hazard an estimation, would get his arm twisted around and up the length of his back while the other was pulled across the small of his back, rendering him harmless with the minimal amount of effort in a very short time.
It was that time of year again. Not only was it the time of fairy lights and horrible decorations, people peddling God only knew what in the name of the season, get-togethers everywhere and the quality of the crime dropping to something horribly pedestrian.
Was that something that they needed to be conscious of with their own children? And in light of that, wouldn’t it make even more sense for him to have named her, the fact that she’d made it all the way into the world making her more special?
“Of course. Considering the fact that you were in a rush and stressed out just now, however, it seems slightly incongruous, to say the least.”
Wait, hold on. No. That wasn’t – well, they were questions he wanted answers to, but they were nowhere near the most important ones.
Still, he got no better result. His frown deepened and, unacknowledged, his chest tightened.
Something
But now…now their first anniversary was coming up and he found himself at a loss.
There were Alphas who had more than one Omega, even if they never bonded with any or at least not all, where the Omegas got along. It might be out of sheer necessity, to cope, not unlike a harem, or it might be because they genuinely wanted to support each other or loved each other in turn, perhaps even more so than the Alpha they shared.
“In a sense,” Mycroft replied, bringing him back to the here and now. “Except that it isn’t treatable, and it isn’t lethal to us. Not unless we amass far too much over too short a period. But we can feel its effects even if it’s not lethal. However, that takes an extraordinary amount of time to accomplish.”
Crystal clear.
He found himself encircled by arms that were wrapped tightly around him where he sat, his nose pushed down and one of his own hands pressed into the curve of a belly.
He knew he’d tensed just slightly but couldn’t help it.
“I never did anything.”
So, he merely smiled when the cab driver looked at him and then down at his stomach. Told him it was twins when he was asked how far along that he was and accepted the congratulations and the wishes for a problem-free delivery.
Honestly meant a lot coming from, from someone like Mycroft. No, not someone like him. It meant a lot coming from Mycroft specifically.
But that didn’t…why would those come out now? Was it some sort of indicator of emotion that they had trouble controlling? No, why would that be? It wasn’t as though you could’ve pinned any particular mood on Moriarty, as he passed through them like someone skimming a menu without picking anything, and Sherlock wasn’t one to have that much excess of emotion.
“You make it sound as though it’s the most obvious thing in the world.”
Then the doctor crawled in to lie beside Sherlock, pulling the duvet and its Egyptian cotton bloody high thread count linen cover over them both.
In fact, while that base blankness was still in there, the rest couldn’t be more of a contrast, with the positive tapestry of emotions vying for space on that face. Anger, for one, bordering on that strange kind of rage that he’d seen before, more animal than human. Joyful triumph was another. Confusion was a large part and so was pain, both the twist of physical pain and the deeper but subtler emotional and mental one. Fear, dread, horror and panic was, though not quite as large as the others, slowly growing.
“What, take one thing that doesn’t make a lot of sense, link it with something else that we don’t understand, and that makes it suddenly plausible?”
What would by Sherlock’s job, then, wasn’t to take over but to do what John wasn’t able to, after discussion with him, helping them both through it as well as they possibly could.
Already had, hadn’t they?
“What I do and don’t do is none of your business, Mycroft. I went to this utter sinkhole of boredom you picked as a school for me without complaint,” he ignored the noise of incredulity his brother gave at that, “I’ve gotten the grades you’ve required –”
Yes, quite, but that did boil down to the same thing, in his case, no matter what the motivation behind it possibly was, apart from irrelevant.
Then the penny dropped.
Swallowing, he tried again, in a calmer tone. “If it’s because you don’t feel sexual attraction, that’s fine. Either at all or to me in particular.”
Perhaps with a few simplifications to begin with, of course, to help her understand.
“I’m…not so sure. What Moriarty did ought to have been out of your system when you woke up – that was why you woke up at all. Nothing we did until then had any effect. But when you did wake up, you weren’t…” He trailed off.
Still, it was quite elaborate set-up if there was nothing, manipulation or not.
The thought that
John only gave him the briefest of glances before looking away. “And risk being hypnotised when you ask like that, phrase it like that? Not really interested in that, thank you.”
Instead, he told the general gist of what had happened at the pool. Then Mycroft, having finally turned around enough to look properly at him, commanded him to fill in the details and he did, as best he could. There was still a lot of things he didn’t understand but the elder Holmes listened to everything he said.
“It’s a simple question.” The calm, almost detached tone seemed confirmation that he was trying to pull away from all of this to some degree.
But there was no denying that even if John wasn’t sentimental about his belongings, he took good care of them, made sure they worked for the longest possible time.
In fact, the moment he set out to search for it, he was there, right in the wing where John had taken up residence and consequently also his feelings about the man, and it had nothing to do with it being his mind.
He reached up to brush at an errant curl. “Because you always trust yourself and your abilities, even when you really shouldn’t. Why should this be different?”
Such as a ring, for instance.
Sherlock looked over at his bond mate again, now that the need for doctoring was over, in case the inscrutable soldier mask was about to slip back on.
Perhaps it was, but then it didn’t have to be for possessive reasons. Of all the Alphas, of all the
With some effort and wiggling and a bit of help from Mycroft, John managed to get up into a sitting position. He would’ve tried to get out from under Sherlock, to give him more space in case he needed to roll over or something, but the wing did a surprisingly good job at almost-immobilising him and when he looked to the ginger, he got a gesture he took to mean to stay put.
“No, Doctor Watson, I do not. If it was, I would already have that satisfactory conclusion within my grasp and be ready to tackle the next three that had landed on my desk in the interim. That would be
It wasn’t one of annoyance, frustration, thinly stretched patience or any of the other emotions that Sherlock had been secretly worried, or, more accurately, terrified would be there. Anger in particular was the one he’d been scared of and it wasn’t there.
John smiled. Even with his hair a mess, indents on his face, his skin sleep-blotchy and his mouth open in a surprisingly nasal snore, he was in no doubt as to why he had fallen for Sherlock. Not because of his looks alone, mind, but…
The word slipped out so quickly, so easily, that Sherlock almost didn’t register it as anything out of the ordinary. Then it hit home and started to crumble his heart.
But even so, as he sat his partner down on the closed toilet lid so he could reach with relative ease, it felt different now. Not wrong but somehow ever so slightly charged. Intimate in a way it had never been before.
