“You were the one who suggested this plan!” Dean snaps, “besides, I don’t hear you coming up with anything better, and Cas is going to die if I don’t do something!”
Wait, ‘yes’ like— like
“I’m…” and Dean hasn’t actually said this to
“Better,” Dean says, “thanks.”
They’re camping for the night. Not that it’s night. Perpetual twilight and all that.
Bobby shrugs, “It’s a fair question. If the guy has been MIA all this time, and everyone’s so scared of you finding out what you are—”
“Love of your fucking life,” Sam repeats, “jesus, Dean. Were you
“I’m stronger than a human. I’m a gust of wind,” Cas deadpans.
“No,” Dean whimpers, and he recognizes the rumble in his mind that his world is falling apart. It’s happening again, all over again, and there’s nothing he can do because he’s a useless human, “please don’t— no, you can’t—”
WARNINGS: the brothers are codependent, Sam still has nightmares. Dean has SO. MUCH. internalized homophobia and self-hatred and deals with it in dumb ways.
Cas stares back at him with equal intensity. He brings a hand up to cover Dean’s on his shoulder.
Just skin on skin? Well fuck, that sounds hot.
The wards flash bright white, indicating the presence of an angel on the property.
“Right, vampire, yeah,” Dean agrees. She doesn’t even have a password lock on the phone.
“Better off than you,” Dean jokes, and reaches out to pat Cas on his bare shoulder.
. There’s a mess of complicated feelings, but it’s hard to think about. Purgatory might finally be getting to him. Dean used to feel completely twisted about what he thought about Cas, about forgiveness and all that. Now, all he cares about is that he
“Knees and toes,” Sam mumbles, and laughs to himself.
Yay Cas n Dean!!! You FINALLY hooked up!!!!!! I'm so proud of them. And handled some species misunderstandings pretty well, I think!
“I think I’ve wanted you to fuck me since we met,” Dean confirms, “I just— I didn’t know it.”
. Love means
Getting up the stairs puts Dean in a fucking bad mood. His whole body feels like a bruise, and there’s a weird rush in the back of his head that means he isn’t going to be able to sleep it off. So he’s gotta suffer feeling like shit, and it takes way too long to get up the stairs because he’s gotta walk like some geriatric old dude focusing on each foot, one after the other.
“You can stay,” Dean offers.
Dean pleads, “Cas, calm down—”
Dean brings his beer up to drink, and his heart skips a beat and he’s too nervous to actually drink. He lowers his beer. What the fuck is wrong with him.
Sam looks down at his hands. Blood drips from his chin onto his knuckles and for the first time he seems to realize what’s happening to him. He sucks in a ragged breath.
Thank you to everyone who took the time to leave a comment on previous chapters! You're the light of my life <33
“I just admitted I like it,” Dean laughs, “and that— that’s wrong, I know. I don’t want to own you or anything, I just— I want you to come back to me. And… and stay.”
“I find this vessel very limiting,” Cas admits when Dean asks why he always looks pissed off.
Cas dies for that, and Dean fucks it all up.
Before Sam’s break, before purgatory, Dean would have accepted that. Maybe he should. But he’s trying to be different, to change, until it feels normal. Because he doesn’t want to be the man he was raised to be. He wants to be someone who doesn’t have to be lonely. Who will have friends to miss him when he dies. Who has friends
“Thanks,” Dean says.
“Yeah,” Dean sighs, “I mean, over there we were always on the run, and like, one bad day away from dying. But…”
. Or am I— I haven’t thought about this in, fuck, like forever. It happened almost twenty years ago. Am I making it up? Did I push it down, like I did everything else?”
“Death said you ate him!” Dean cuts in. He goes to stand, to go to Sam, because Sam is
“What kind of trials?” Dean asks, “what’s happening to my brother?”
Because they spend too much time together, Dean and Sam both say, “Nope,” at the same time.
Dean looks past Sam, at Cas’ vessel. It’s not even Cas’ real face, because Dean is too normal to see that, but that’s the face he wants to see every morning, the face he wants to fall asleep beside. That’s the face, the person— angel,
Cas nods, "Nothing to report."
“I told Dean I loved him when Sam’s soul was restored,” Cas explains, “but it took him time to accept that he cared for me too. It was after purgatory that he loved me back, and we became physically intimate.”
Cas stares at him with such open affection that Dean has to kiss him to try and escape it. Cas’ fingertips tighten on his shoulder, and then Dean’s being pushed onto his back. He happily lets Cas manhandle him down. It’s easy enough to get his thighs around Cas’ waist and to try and hook his ankles together behind Cas’ back. Cas grinds down against him. God, Cas still has all his stupid clothes on. It’s so hot.
No big warnings for this chapter.
Sam squints at Cas, like he’s making fun of him, and asks, “Are you even an angel—”
He made Cas watch that one, for reference.
“Sammy?” Dean mumbles. He’s barely awake.
Benny is solid, cool to the touch, and smells masculine. He's bigger than Dean, which Dean has spent the whole time in purgatory being pretty hot for. They hold for what is a second too long for friends, and the tension is palpable. They’ve got a
lifetime.”
Of course, the concept of one day being able to tell Cas that Dean cares about him, that he
Cas looks up at him, and Dean isn’t sure what emotions he’s showing. Normally he’s pretty good at reading Cas.
Bobby practically drags Dean up by the scruff of his neck. Practically throws him so Bobby can plant himself between him and Sam.
“Sam was saved from the cage,” Cas reminds him, “it’s not unreasonable that Lucifer could be freed as well.”
, they’ve got that vibe that Dean’s been getting with people his whole life and was too good at repressing that means he didn’t even realize he was into guys. Purgatory is no longer keeping Dean clear-headed, so it’s up to Dean to be his own master.
“Don’t touch me,” Sam snaps, pauses, “Mhmm, maybe. Do you think they made their move?”
Cas is different now. Dean doesn’t know how to handle him. Doesn’t know if he recognizes Cas anymore, like he did when they first met and were sitting on those park benches and sharing secrets. And for Sam’s trauma to be fucking up an angel so badly? God, Dean can’t imagine what it was like in Sam’s head. He can’t believe how strong his brother is, to have survived this on his own.
he wants to do.
Dean has to break for air. It’s a little unfair being the only one who actually needs to breathe.
Cas looks up into Dean’s eyes, “You like this, watching me.” It’s not a question.
But then Dean recalls the apocalypse, when it was the two of them out to hunt down Raphael to find news on God. And Cas admitted that he... that he's...
recognize himself, and feels like he stepped into some weird alternate reality.
“I’m sorry,” Cas says, “I’m sorry I wasn’t there for you. And that I put you in that position.”
Sam even has an entire talk with Dean about how it’s okay to talk about feelings. As if he and Dean didn’t spend most of the time Sam’s brain was melting talking about Sam’s feelings.
With his crazy long legs, Sam is first out the door, and Dean has to push past him.
Cas is right, Dean doesn’t feel anything. But he can picture it, when he keeps his eyes closed.
shove them off. For being a scrawny, half-dead guy in a wheelchair, he easily pushes both Bobby and Dean across the room. It sends the wheelchair rolling backwards.
Oh fuck, oh fuck,
Sam’s still laying on the ground, and now he’s crying. He’s faking it, Dean knows it. He knows that if Sam tries harder, he’ll be okay. So why isn’t he trying? Why doesn’t he want to get better?
“Cas you said we can put up some wards? You wanna show Dean how to do that, while I figure out how to call Death?” Bobby orders.
black goo where their eyes should be. Their wailing, moaning, sobbing creates a sound so horrific that Dean’s limbs go numb and he screams.
Tl;dr
Death rolls his eyes, “Don’t be ridiculous. He’s clearly human.”
Dean can’t see them, or feel them, unless Cas does some special magic, but he lets Dean know every time he’s put his wings out around them. And it’s… god, Dean’s a grown man. He shouldn’t need this kind of babying.
So what about the wrap-up?! This story was large, and had a lot of moving parts. Now that Sam and Dean’s (prequel) stories are done, I can talk more freely about a lot of things! Many of y’all have sent in Q’s, and I’ve been drafting responses. Those will also be posted over on the blog, likely on wednesday. For tradition <3.
Benny makes a frustrated noise, “I didn’t want to— I wanted to talk to you, face to face. But you
“Kinda miss your wings,” he admits.
And for a while? Dean lives.
“I don’t like dinner,” Cas says.
Dean likes the bed. It’s becoming familiar, but sometimes it’s still too soft. He drags his blanket off the bed and curls up on the floor to keep from getting sick at the feeling of falling. Sometimes, on the bad nights when he can hear the hiss or distant roar of leviathans in the back of his head, he likes that the bed is high enough he can lay under it and feel hidden.
After a few deep breaths, Sam lifts his head and says, “What’s up?”
made. You, Robert, me, and Sam. We changed everything.”
Benny moves surprisingly fast for a guy his size. He grabs Dean, slaps away Dean’s attempt to stab him for coming at him, and covers Dean’s mouth with a hand.
Bobby gets Sam to open his mouth, “his mouth is burned to shit.”
“He’s my—”
She hesitates, like she’s sure Dean is lying, but not sure about which part.
You'll note a slight update to chapter count. We will have 35 chapters total + the epilogue/wrap up! I'm currently still working on the final 3rd story in the series, but I have multiple short ideas that I'll probably start posting in the interim.
“Are you telling me I can’t decide what I want?” Cas challenges.
Sam also falls down the stairs because he didn’t see them coming. And if Sam wasn’t so clearly on track to kill himself by being an idiot, Dean has half a mind to do it for him. He’s had enough heart attacks over the kid to kill a lesser man.
Cas standing over him with his angelic weapon. The other angel, the woman, ordering Cas to kill Dean because she had Cas on a fucking leash, under some spell to control him.
“Cared?” Dean cuts him off, and almost laughs, “of course I care!”
This is the worst conversation of Dean’s life. He wants to leave the room. He wants to shut this all down. He doesn’t want them to sit around and watch Sam have a conversation with people who aren’t there, and take it seriously like this is normal.
Dean hunted down this miracle healer, hoping for a possible break with Sam, and walks into a face he never thought he’d see again. He’ll never admit to the way his heart leaps into his throat, the way his eyes burn at the sight of Cas. The way he wants to grab him, pull him into a hug like everything will be okay and the world will be right again.
reasons. That he kissed Cas. Gave Cas the wrong idea about him, about what they are to each other. That Cas has been thinking about him, even when they weren’t talking.
Bobby picks up the 40 to pour another round for Dean, “We don’t have to do this if it’s going to kill you.”
, Cas is in.
It’s an invitation for Dean to reach out to him, or to give him space.
Sam hasn’t eaten in three days, Dean’s acutely aware of it. They just needed this
“The war is over, Dean,” Cas says, and his fingers shift enough to pull Dean forwards, to press their foreheads together. Dean shakes as he starts to cry, “we cleaned up our fathers’ messes. Now we get to live.”
Dean no longer feels proud at being the normal brother. He went and made a big deal about being queer, and yet Sam completely out-queered him and is totally normal about it. In fact, Dean has only actually fucked one dude and promised himself to Cas like he was some chick saving herself for marriage.
stinks after… how many days has it been now? He can’t keep track with the constant twilight. And now he’s going to sleep with a fucking vamp looking out for him. It goes against everything Dean knows.
“Wait, you liked one of those craft beers I let you try, right?” Dean remembers, “you— you said it tasted like joy or something?”
Dean jerks away, “Fuck, fuck, I’m sorry— I’m— I should have asked—”
“How’s the distance?” Sam checks, “you okay?”
Cas glares at him like he’s waiting for Dean to take it back.
Dean almost laughs at the mental image, at how Sam keeps clinging to him like he did when they were little and had to share a bed, “Yeah. Christ, that’s how fucked up he is.”
The only reason Dean can think of is that he isn’t answering because he can’t, and it terrifies Dean to think of all the reasons Cas wouldn’t be able to do so. Cas was stabbed several times in protecting them, he’s already fighting at a disadvantage. The other angels have the advantage of numbers.
He’s cozy and warm, and it gets harder and harder to keep his eyes open.
“Cas,” Dean asks, “can you— can you heal me?”
“It’s only one wing,” Cas points out, “even the most basic of angels have two. I don’t… I don’t understand.”
the power. It felt right, like I was
“Gimme your hand,” Dean instructs, “put the other one here.”
He ignores the voices— if he cared more he thinks he could figure out who’s here. Didn’t Sam say they might have company? Yeah, Bobby’s probably out dealing with angels or demons or whatever. Bobby’s a tough, like old jerky. He’ll manage until Dean’s ready.
“I’m not giving you a hard time for fun!”
He looks upon one of the first human faces he's seen in a year, and it stops him in his tracks. Human. Living. Warm, soft, sweet Human.
"I suppose that's one way to look at it," Cas agrees.
Dean can’t talk about Cas without talking about
Beds are a nightmare. The first time Dean lays down in his old bed, he almost yaks all over himself as his stomach lurches like he’s falling out of the sky.
Until they lose Sam for a whole day. By the time they find him, he doesn’t know where he was or what he was doing. Dean makes a hard rule that Sam isn’t allowed to go out without someone with him. Dean even considers chaining him down when Sam argues with him, but Bobby vetoes it.
Dean slams his book down on the table with a frustrated curse.
Cas stares at the list for a while, taking it in.
Sam shakes his head.
Dean laughs along, a soft thing, to be polite. He looks down at the unmarked grave in front of him. Thinks of how easily a man is reduced to nothing, when there’s no love left for him. Thinks of standing vigil for Dad's funeral pyre until all that remained were his bones. It didn’t take long for people to move on from Dad: only Sam and Dean seem to hold any love for him. And even then that’s hard sometimes. And that’s the legacy Dad left behind.
“Care to find out?” Cas steps down onto the stairs. The top stair buckles under his foot.
“So you can have hipster toast every day?”
“We’re trying to figure out a potential substitute for grace, and we’ve got shit all,” Dean sighs.
He’s been carrying it this whole time, promising himself he’ll burn it and be done with Cas when he does. There hasn’t been time… he hasn’t been able to burn it.
fucking easy to get a dude off. Chicks can be hit or miss on what they like, how they like it, and where. With Benny? Dean doesn’t even have to do anything sometimes— just keep his knees together and let Benny fuck between his thighs, and they can both get off from that.
Dean finally releases the hug and steps back, but can’t bring himself to let go of Cas’ shoulder in case Cas tries to take off.
Andrea grabs the salt shaker and starts adding it to her coffee.
That doesn’t make sense. You can’t be normal and be into dudes.
Happy Father's Day Dean! Congrats on finding a daddy.
“There’s no point. My arousal isn’t connected to the physical sensations of this body.”
It’s not sound, it’s vibration. Maybe too deep for a human to understand. Dean feels it rattle in his ribs, right down to his organs. It kicks off his fight or flight instincts in ways he’s never felt them activated, flares them up so hard that the instincts actually burn out and Dean’s left completely paralyzed. He bites down on his jacket sleeve to keep from screaming. The monster impaled in it’s teeth goes limp, and Dean hopes it finally died.
Unfortunately, Dean’s come to enjoy the thrill of being bitten.
, he wills himself.
“Plans aside, it’s to save my brother,” Dean reminds her.
“You’re fine wasting your life on someone who said they love you, but you don’t even love
“One thing at a time,” Dean says, “and whatever happens, I’ve got you, okay?”
. He absolutely knows. He doesn’t look smug, like he’s gloating.
“I did,” Cas growls. But he reaches out to place a hand across Sam’s eyes, and white light shines out from under his palm.
Warnings: Dean has a lot of issues, we know, and we deal with a lot of his self worth issues here. Cis-gendered language. Dean's obsession with penetrative sex (for 2 cis-men) being 'real' sex. Cas ALSO has issues.
Dean leans heavier into his brother. He feels Sam lean back into him.
“It’s not love,” Dean scoffs, “it’s— we’re friends, okay? That’s all.”
Dean’s never kissed anyone in this position, straddling their lap like a hot chick. Benny’s hand slides around, gets a good grip on his ass. Dean gets his hands on those broad shoulders, runs his palms down Benny’s front. He’s enjoyed a wide selection of tits in his experience, from big to small, and Benny’s feel totally different. And totally awesome.
“What?” Dean looks down at himself. There’s stains of blood on his hospital gown, but not enough for the bloodbath of the back seat. All of his limbs are still attached. He doesn’t feel like he’s missing a kidney or anything.
“Really?” Dean’s surprised, feels his stomach twist. The night chill doesn’t feel so cool anymore. So few people know him, it feels novel to have someone who thinks about him when he’s away.
Cas touches his chest with his free hand, as if he can feel whatever it is connecting the two of them.
the Leviathan nest, so, no one ever saw the Blood Ocean to confirm it without being eaten.
The wet, ugly sound of blade meeting flesh. The grip on Dean’s hair goes slack and he lunges forwards. Grabs his sword. Leaps to his feet. Stumbles— vision goes white, head too light— catches himself against a tree. His head throbs, his whole body aches. His feet are screaming at him.
Not for the first time, Dean wonders if he resents Dad. If he actually hates the man, for all that he loves him. Because Dean doesn’t know how to care for the people he loves without Dad’s anger slipping in.
Dean ruins everything, and he ruins Cas’ second chance too.
Dean hates how much he misses him. He’s not supposed to miss Cas.
If you've never heard of the Animalia book,
Sam’s quiet for a moment before he asks, “How many have
“I’d like that,” Dean says.
“Cas, Benny. Benny, Cas,” Dean jumps in, “Benny’s the guy who knows the way out of here.”
But that’ll be in the morning, when Sam wakes up. Dean glances up from his brother, sees Cas waiting for him: arms crossed, and a thousand yard stare on his face. Sam will keep for tonight. Dean and Bobby will take up shifts again to keep an eye on him. Right now Dean can focus on Cas, who just had the rug torn out from him.
They need Cas’ help on occasion, although Cas is busy, with his angel war or whatever. Dean and Sam occupy themselves with ending Crowley and then there’s Eve and whatever else comes their way.
Dean folds his arms across his chest, “Well he’s not great.”
he was hallucinating Lucifer— why the fuck would a hallucination need consent? Just as Dean’s thinking this, the temperature
man, and Dean finds out there’s all sorts of new curves to get excited over. He fucking
“Yeah,” Dean agrees, “we’ll head south. Mexico, Guatemala, whatever.”
do what Dad did,” Dean snaps. How could
The eye contact feels more intimate than the fact that Cas is fucking him.
Benny’s on the outside of the wing-space, and eyes them carefully.
Dad was also… he was wrong. About a lot of things.
“This is beyond me,” Bobby sighs, “I’ll board the windows upstairs. You boys—don’t—we’re having a drink, when this is over and, Dean: you and Cas are gonna walk me ‘n Sam through all of this, okay?”
Cas has gotten really good with the roll of his hips. It’s a smooth motion to him rocking back, not enough to pull out completely, and then sinking into Dean again. It goes right to Dean’s dick, spreads through his nerves so he’s digging his fingers into his sheets and curling his toes.
How the fuck is Dean supposed to be a hunter when he’s got this monkey on his back? How the hell is he going to do his job when he’s gone soft, when he’s the stupid stereotype of a queer who spent his whole life denying it so hard he didn’t even know himself.
can handle that.
“No shit,” Benny says, “he’s
“And that’s where the exit is?” Dean guesses.
“We need something to do,” Bobby figures, “might as well try.”
“Lucifer tied him and Sam together? So that you’d pull him out with Sam?” Dean tries.
“Dean!” Bobby snaps.
Sam thinks for a moment, before he asks, “You think it’s leviathans?”
“Yeah,” Dean agrees. It feels something like relief, to hear that Cas feels the same. That Dean isn’t a freak for almost
Sam takes off for walks on his own to clear his head or burn off some nervous energy. At first Dean doesn’t think anything of it— Sam can’t get far on foot and besides, while he’s going to crash any day now, otherwise Sam’s been pretty okay.
“You’ve always been different,” Sam shrugs, “you said it yourself, and we all know it. You told me once that Lucifer said you two were a lot alike. So, are you?”
kill things anymore as far as Dean understands, and the Dean of a few years ago would have mocked and berated him for going soft. Might have even forced him to kill, to make him normal again.
of them. But maybe Cas is shy. Give it time. Dean is sure he can convince Cas to fool around.
Which Dean feels shitty about. But he’s already a pretty shit brother as it is.
“I made a promise,” Benny reminds him. He’s slow to pull away, so Dean steps back. How do normal guys act together? Normal dudes who haven’t had sex all over purgatory? His mind has gone blank. Dean has no idea.
“It changes how I see
Dean has no idea what the fuck that is, or what it means.
“I’m not gay,” Dean assures Sam, “but it… it’s not just Cas.”
“The hell were you doing? You could have died!” Dean stresses, “you can’t do that!”
. In fact, both of them go out of their way, above and beyond, to take care of Dean. They hunt for him, shelter him, protect him. In a weird way, Dean recognizes he’s being pampered and spoiled.
“So you’ve got Andrea. And I’ve got Cas,” Dean says carefully.
Sam’s whole body shakes even when Dean blasts the heat, and it doesn’t stop until he falls asleep. Dean doesn’t let go of him. The rain cuts off the outside world, makes the impala feel like it’s the only place that’s real.
“I don’t think we’re just friends anymore,” Dean says.
Dean wants to argue. He can count on one hand the amount of times he ever heard Dad apologize for anything.
Dean leans into him, bumps him with his shoulder. Solidarity.
“It’s— hunting. It’s human. It’s me. My dad. Even Sam, I guess. We just— it’s bad to be what I am. What this is.”
“Yeah,” Dean figures. He pulls the truck to a stop, kills the engine, “do you… do you ever think life got better, after…”
over God’s will. I turned against my family, my brothers and sisters and the security of my home and everything I have ever known, for
“You don’t want to?” Bobby guesses.
Cas furrows his brows, “Is everything alright?”
On second thought he lifts his hips so he can pull his belt off. Memories of Alistair’s rack, the pain, are all coming to the forefront of his brain. Dean puts his belt between his teeth to have something to bite down on. He’s going to have nightmares for weeks, if they survive this.
rage, not some soul-high arrogance of declaring himself god, not being cranky when Dean’s references go over his head. It’s biblical, it’s fury, and it’s all Cas, “don’t you understand the damage I’ve done? I introduced free will to heaven— I toppled the kingdom! And then I tried to rule it, I killed so many angels, Dean. And I hurt Sam. I hurt
That’ll never happen again.
Cas had one job: to love and obey. He’s pretty shit at it. Rebelled against heaven, kicked off a civil war, brought the leviathans to earth and all that.
Sam frowns, “How?”
Mantracker is/was a Canadian reality show with the premise of '2 people are dropped in the middle of nowhere and attempt to go from point A to point B. During this time they are being
not be gay.
“You think so?” Dean laughs, pours every ounce of confidence he doesn’t have into his lie, “me and Cas are connected. He can hear my thoughts, and so— so he’s gonna know your faces.”
He’s blocked by a huge mouth, full of teeth, drooling thick, black ooze. The whole body is wet, black like a starless sky, something awful and ancient that just crawled out of the ocean. The leviathan's multiple weak eyes flash silver, and it’s antennae quiver as its mouth twists into a horrible approximation of a grin. Dean hears the trees behind him shake, and he’s stupid enough to take his eyes off the one in front of him to see not one, but two more huge, eel-shaped toothy nightmares scuttle out of the trees. Spots along their long underbellies light up and flash in unique patterns, dazzling enough to entice stupid prey to follow them. Dean’s the dumbest goldfish in the ocean.
It’s Cas.
“How long was he gone?” Dean asks.
of the same clothes. Cas probably doesn’t even know what he’s missing.
“How can you say that about him? Cas is our friend!”
happy.
“Dean,” Sam says softly, and sets his hand on Dean’s shoulder, just above the burn, “this is… it’s going to be like hell. It’s going to be like
Dean glares daggers at Sam. What the fuck is Sam getting at? Sam doesn’t fight anymore! And besides, he could just ask Dean for training if he thinks he needs it. Why would he want a vampire around?
It turned out okay for him to want Cas. To share with Sam and Bobby that he’s getting what he wants.
he wants to start bawling and never stop. He’s the prey, it’s the hunter, and nothing he does will save him!
Dean pulls in to the super 8, and immediately knows which room Sam is in. It’s a hot day, and the windows to room 117 are completely opaque with frost. It’s even spread to the outside of the frame, and is now melting down the wall.
“Your gums are bleeding,” Benny says again, and sighs heavily, “that’s not a good sign.”
worth that kind of pedestal.”
“He’s much stronger than I realized, than I think anyone realized,” Cas continues, “and clearly he knows more than what I’ve taught him.”
“Didn’t see that coming,” Dean muses, and he elaborates when Cas squints at him, “when I was younger, I always thought that one day I’d get out of the life. Settle down, have some kids, and be happy. That’s… that’s what all the hunters talk about. Getting out, getting to be normal. And then things kept going, and going, and I was starting to realize I was never gonna get out. That settling down was just a fantasy, because how on earth could anyone be compatible with how broken I am?”
“I never wanted you to be good,” Dean snaps, “I wanted you—” to do what? What can he say? Because he never had expectations for Cas, until they were sitting in that park, talking about disobedience and not living up to expectations, and he saw Cas’ story playing out like his. Until he saw that Cas could do better, be better, because he
“It’s not everyone. It’s not… familial,” Cas says the word like he’s still trying to understand what it means, “It’s you. I have come to realize, over the years I have known you, that you make me... you make me real. I know what I am, what I’m meant to do, when I’m with you,” Cas says, “I thought I loved heaven, and my father, because I knew nothing else. But through you I came to realize that that love was… lacking. Conditional. It wasn’t the love I thought it was. But you? You helped me find love, and follow it. It’s how we saved the world.”
Naomi, Metatron, Abaddon and all of the other creatures that popped in to investigate Sam’s magic act wisely take off.
Dean doesn’t understand magic, not the way that Sam and Cas are doing it. Dean can read spells off a page, can recite an exorcism by heart. He can use sigils and wards and salt rings. He was raised on the occult, and how to fight it. But that’s all it is to him: tools, weapons, and he uses them to kill like he uses a knife or his hands. And compared to an angel, and a brother who seems to speak the language Dean can’t comprehend, Dean is just… a man. He’s average. He’s nothing.
“I’m up,” Dean calls, and he snags one of the house robes that came with the bunker that he’s claimed as his own. Perfect disguise. He’ll deal with Sam and then Cas can come back.
Has he asked Sam what he needs? Kind of? Not really. No.
on orders?” Dean tries. It makes him sick to think about. It means
“If it’ll help…” Bobby trails off.
Dean can always tell when Cas is
“Which one looks tasty?” Benny asks in a low whisper.
get roped in by a sob story. He’s so trusting, so willing to put himself in danger for people.
Typical.
Cas’ eyes have watered from the spice, and his face is flushed. Now he looks like he’s been crying, and it makes Dean feel like he’s looking at some poor puppy in a pound. His heart hurts just looking at Cas.
Dean presses his face deeper into his pillow.
We have one more week in purgatory, so, same overall warnings as the last 2 chapters apply! Also, this chapter is unreasonably horny. Specifically because Dean is unreasonably horny lol.
. It’s not like Dean’s been subtle about it— he’s been too scared to remember to be careful about how he treats Cas. But it’s out. Bobby knows Dean’s queer for Cas.
Cas glances at Dean's phone, and then to Dean.
"You left your shoes on," Dean notes as he approaches.
“simple” explanation for how he feels attraction (romantic and sexual) and in relation to how he views/interacts with (human) gender!
The 3rd story (
Death looks at Dean with an ‘are you serious?’ expression.
Dean closes his eyes, counts to five, “No— he— this is Dean Winchester.”
“Ah, shit.”
“I was worried you would kill her,” Sam admits, “that’s why I didn’t tell you.”
“When Eve died,” Dean realizes, “do you think she came home?”
“For life,” she reminds Benny.
Dean shakes his head. They’re wasting time now.
Dean braces himself on one arm long enough to help, to show Cas how he can hold their dicks together in a loose fist, so when Dean thrusts into Cas’s hand, their cocks slide together. And it’s dry as shit right now, neither of them are hard-hard yet, but Cas is getting there and Dean’s hoping he’s got another round in him because this is
“Boo hoo,” Dean says.
Angels shouldn’t hurt, shouldn’t feel pain. They should be able to heal. This isn’t normal.
I am anymore.”
“Why did I take my shoes off if we’re going somewhere?” Cas deadpans, and Dean laughs as he leans down to kiss him.
“You’re babying him,” Dean snaps, “we’re being too soft on him. He’s clearly a mess, so we gotta help him pull it together.”
“Same. I think I’ll be asleep til next year,” Dean says.
That hangs between them. Dean stares at Cas. The glow of Cas’ grace doesn’t subside.
I meant to post last night but I got caught up in Stardew Valley/really weird anime and then the next thing I knew it was Tuesday. (pig 'n a poke!)
The back of Dean’s neck heats up. Now that it, well, now that Dean’s out of the bag— closet, whatever— and the world hasn’t ended and his people are still here. It sure does seem insane that he spent so long worried about this very scenario.
"But we don't know if that's all you," Dean reminds him, "so you don't— what I said— we can forget it. It's not important right now."
“This is unnecessary,” Cas grumbles.
Cas looks at him like Dean is the only person in the room. There’s so much to say, to ask, to talk about. Dean doesn’t want to do it. He wants Sam and Bobby to leave so Dean can say everything.
“Then why do you have so many games?”
Morbid curiosity has Dean wanting to go peek around the area and go see where they got jumped. Will there be bodies the angels left behind? His and Sam’s blood and guts sprayed all over the floor? The sensible part of him wants to get out of here as soon as possible.
“Too much. And we’re getting off topic.”
“I don’t
are fresh in his soul. He’s weak, he’s ashamed, he
“It’s okay,” Dean chooses his final words easily, here on his knees, “I forgive you. I love you.”
“It wasn’t,” Cas adds helpfully.
been alone in his whole life.
“I had hoped there would be more insects though,” Cas sighs.
“This joke isn’t funny,” Dean insists. What are his lines? There are things he has to say— because if he outright lies, then Sam will take that as confirmation. He has to play it like Sam’s crazy, “I should kick your ass—”
between them, that he’s felt for years.
The screaming won’t stop, and Dean’s brain is going to explode, so he grabs Cas’ face in his hands, “Listen to me: you are dying and I can’t lose you. I promise you I won’t let you go darkside.”
And then home was the car, because that’s where he, Sam and Dad lived. And it was the three of them for so long. Motels were never homes, just temporary beds. But the car was home. The car
Except they don’t.
Bobby made it! Dean hugs the old man for all he’s worth, could even kiss his dumb hat for how happy he is. Finally! Someone he trusts, someone he cares about. He’s no longer alone. Bobby says Sam’s good, Sam’s alive. He settled down with some chick down in Texas. The leviathans are gone, the world has gone back to normal.
know the steps, and they’re both on the sloppy side of drunk. Sam keeps kicking his shins and Dean thinks it’s kind of on purpose, and so he kicks Sam back and they get completely distracted trying to stomp on each others’ toes.
Sam considers Dean’s words, before he adds, “Well, I mean, neither of us are perfect. I think I fucked up worse than he did, to be honest. And you forgave me for that.”
Dean is sitting on the back steps of Bobby’s place when he hears the familiar flutter of wings, and the sound of the porch creaking as Cas lands behind him.
“But we made it,” Benny says, and he leans in to kiss Dean. Dean tries to turn away, Benny kisses the corner of his mouth.
“We can’t— not the full thing tonight,” Dean says, “but if— if you like this, then, yeah, we’ll work up to it.”
“So it takes something that could consume you if you aren’t careful, to make you feel wanted? You dropped normal and went for the complete opposite.”
“Wait— he— he’s in the hospital,” Dean grits out.
“Anything, even if it’s dumb,” Dean says, “you want to… ride a roller coaster? Go to disney world? Or wait, we talked about this— remember, when Sam fed you the tobasco? You said, um…”
with Jo aside, to be fair. One day she’ll say yes, or, one day she’ll clock him and they’ll be able to get past it.
“He did it,” Sam says.
Cas’ body is different from Dean’s, different from Benny’s. Dean can’t help but take note of it. He’s not used to having the biggest tits in the bedroom, and the joke is lost on Cas when he shares it. Cas has broader shoulders than him, and is surprisingly muscled under all of those layers. He’s not as hairy as Benny, but he’s got more body hair than Dean, and Dean is surprised to realize that he
“Well it fucking feels like it,” Dean bites out. Sam’s not even here right now. He went to take a fucking
The bottle still has smears of blood on it as Dean pours out shots for all of them. In ritual they all knock it back and Dean pours another round for sipping.
Cas is offering this. Maybe it’s a peace offering. He and Cas have always had a weird normal, and this was their normal in purgatory. Dean hasn’t slept well since losing Cas, and more than anyone he trusts Cas to know how to stand guard.
because he’s decided to be a weirdo today.
“He’s got a reason!” Dean argues. Cas was taken, or grabbed. Or something went wrong, and they got separated. He doesn’t know. But when they find Cas, then everything will be okay. Dean’s heart will be okay.
But he’s been running around with a beard and covered in monster guts and getting monster guts stuck in his beard and he’s fucking sick of it. He wants to be able to clean off his face.
“So what, do you just… catch a bee?” Dean tries to deflect. Bobby’s trying to hide his smile from across the table.
he reminds himself. He’s having sex. With Cas. It’s Cas’ first time with a dude. Dean needs to be less selfish.
Dean makes the undignified scooch to the end of the bed to put his feet on the floor, keeping one hand on Cas’ exposed ankle. He does a quick mental gauge. Bathroom? He's good. Hungry? No more than normal. Sleepy? Maybe. But he’s up, and it feels wrong to be lazy when he’s not at home.
“It’s been… complicated,” Dean finally admits, and he scrubs a hand down his face, “I’m— fuck— I’m bad at this. I don’t know if you’ve noticed, but I’m— I’m kinda a huge screwup. Cas definitely deserves someone better.”
Benny holds out a hand, and Dean falls into the rhythm easily. Firm handshake, pulled in for a one-armed hug. Benny turns his face towards him, and Dean pulls away.
Dean thinks he won’t be able to do enough good deeds to keep himself out of hell, when he dies. He caused too much misery while he was down there the first time. But if he and Sam can close the gates to hell, then heaven is the only place to go. Eternal sunshine of the spotless mind, shooting fireworks with Sam, forever. And Dean would know they’re only memories. Maybe he could fade away into them. Maybe there would be peace for him there.
Dean lets out a small laugh, and Cas pulls back with his squinty-confused face.
Bobby frowns at him, like he knows Dean’s hiding something. Dean only came out this morning. He doesn’t need Bobby knowing he’s got
Would their lives have been different if Dad had gotten help? Could Dad have been helped?
“I’ll check in on Sam,” Bobby says, “and I got him for tonight. You okay with Cas?”
“So why’d he kiss me?” Dean asks, and maybe he’s making problems but this doesn’t make sense to him, “I thought vamps were mated for life?”
Cas isn’t a baby like Sam, so he doesn’t take the bait. Instead Cas slowly tilts his head to one side like the slightly different angle will make Dean seem less annoying.
“He’s alive,” Dean continues quickly, “last I heard. But he’s— he’s still in a coma.”
Sometimes Cas drops in, and Dean feels speechless that he gets this. That Cas is still here, despite everything. That Cas has died so many times, that they’ve been separated so many times, and that Cas loves him, and Cas keeps coming back. He keeps choosing Dean.
“I hate this,” Sam whimpers. He’s curled over in the passenger seat. Says he feels like there’s knives in his guts, and he wants to claw them out. Dean’s driving, only because Sam’s begging him to keep moving. The streetlights light up their faces, break through the rain, as they head out of town.
“Get some fresh air, let him cool off,” Bobby says, and pauses, “or warm up? I don’t… I don’t know how angels work.”
“Hey, Angel,” Benny purrs, and he turns to grab Cas, pull him in to kiss him and—
“So you have an angel and a brother to get home to, that’s it?” Benny asks.
“I can stay with him,” Cas offers.
“You shouldn’t have done this,” Cas says at the same time.
Dean clears the distance between him and Benny in two easy strides. The striga is so focused on killing Benny, that it doesn’t notice Dean. He takes it’s head off with one swing. Blood— or some liquid like it— flies everywhere.
Why he’s so curious about Dean’s life, Dean isn’t sure. After the year Dean had, with Sam barely able to hold a conversation without spacing out, Dean doesn’t mind talking.
“What other choice do we have?” Dean asks, “we have this shot, and then… I don’t know. I don’t know what else to do. Heaven is out to get us, Hell will kill us cause I’m pretty sure Crowley is onto us with the trials. We don’t have that many options here, Bobby. But if… maybe you should get out of here. For a bit.”
“Is there anything more? Other rules to inform me of?” Cas asks.
“Yes,” Cas says, and squints at Dean like
So maybe this is their thing. Cas will politely ignore all the ways Dean’s screwed up and can’t handle having a friendship like a normal person, and Dean will go back to burying everything until he’s functional again. It’s not like Dean wants to start chasing tail from every hot dude he meets anyways. It should be easy to go back to how he was before. Dean can get over himself, and stop wanting to fool around with Cas. He can go back to just being friends.
“What’s to keep you from getting some vamp friends and coming back for a party,” Dean figures.
“How’s he doing?” Bobby asks.
isn’t it? So how do we know it’s real? That we’re doing it right?”
“You look like we need a drink,” Bobby says, when Dean can’t bring himself to speak, “I’ll grab some glasses.”
“Of course not,” Sam mutters, “but we knew there were risks. I made the mistake, and I won’t do it again.”
Cas healed him, obviously. But where is he? Unless something bad happened, bad enough to take Dean out and—
It takes Dean to the end of the movie, of which he spent most of it watching Cas to see what he thinks of Tombstone, before he finally gets the nerve. Sam hasn’t seen the movie as many times as Dean has, so he’s watching the screen rather than Dean or Cas. It’s stupid, really, but it’s the little things. Test the waters, find out where the line is that will make Sam angry, and then Dean can finally know how much queer is too much.
“You saved me and Sam,” Dean says, “now we’re gonna return the favor.”
“Sam has an angelic wing. We need your help,” he says diplomatically.
Dean’s heart lodges in his throat. Cas is facing away from them, but Dean would know him
“Where the hell did you learn this?” Bobby asks.
Sam sighs, dragging a hang down his face, the other is palm up on the table. He looks up, like someone is standing beside him.
“He’s fine,” Sam says to the other person, “he just— it’s fine. I got it.”
See you on Sunday for the next chapter!
The wards light up again. Warning.
They move slowly, covering their hands in black blood and mud, and smothering Dean in it. His clothes, his face, his hands, his neck.
Dean glances down though Cas’ mostly see-through hand at the one that ate him. Also ripped open, by Cas’ bare hands, to rescue him.
that, like I felt the host or my family. Like it felt to bask in divinity. It… it makes
Cas is glowing from the stab wounds, “We have to go,” and he grabs Sam and Dean and
Cas nearly bulldozes Dean. Dean always forgets how strong Cas is. His vessel is so misleading. Dean barely manages to stay on his feet, and not be knocked back onto the bed. He’s got way too much tongue in his mouth to think, but he’s pretty sure Cas just said
Dean shakes his head, “Isn’t that— that’s what the issue is here, right? That he has to choose?”
Just him and Cas. Forever. It sounds… it sounds peaceful. To be out of the loop, to be out of the fighting. If Cas has him, then… then maybe there’s no chance of anyone ever bringing him back. Maybe when Dean is done, when his life is over, that can be it. No chance of being brought back to fight or to obey orders or anything like that.
“Why?”
, that’s something Dean would have never imagined. He keeps having to kiss Cas to keep him quiet. Must be part of never growing up with parents or siblings in the other room, and needing to be sneaky.
“He’s talking about killing himself,” Dean says. It comes out like a plea.
Dean’s going to have a heart attack if they keep playing at this joke. And why was it a joke with him alone? Why was it funny? Is this a case of ‘everyone’s known that Dean’s soft except Dean?’ and the joke is that they’re all laughing at him?
“I have been living in a cult, out in open water, since before these devices were made!” she reminds him, “I don’t know what most modern things are.”
They get at each others’ throats sometimes. Benny likes to antagonize Cas, and Cas takes it like a beaten dog. Dean hates seeing a bully, and steps in to defend his angel. Sometimes it’s just the fact that it’s only the three of them, all forced to be glued at the hip, for what has to be months now that drives them all to snap and argue with one another.
The deck creaks, and the boards move under their feet as the three of them get back inside. That’s going to be a hassle to fix later.
“Yeah,” Dean says, “that’s what dads do, I guess. Fuck us up, and then leave us a big mess to clean up.”
Sam’s good, Sam’s fucking
Thank you everyone for all the kind words last chapter. You're the J to my PB <3. It only took 94k words but we finally got a (real) first kiss and NOW THE RELATIONSHIP FUN BEGINS!!!!
it when he comes in Dean’s mouth, and likes when Dean swallows. Dean likes when Benny gets hot for him, so he’s more than happy to indulge him.
normal?
“Why didn’t we get a cart,” Dean whines as he and Sam make it back to the truck with their excessive number of bags.
They’re making out again, and it’s becoming such a habit that Dean’s started locking his door every time he goes to bed in anticipation. The sound of Cas’ wings when he shows up has got Dean all pavlovianed into getting horny, and Dean should really get in control of his brain, but Cas is fast at stripping down to his button up and kicking off his shoes and Dean
“Samuel,” Death says casually, “you’re a smart boy. There is a hierarchy to the world, yes? One thing is always stronger than the next?”
Sam gets to his feet, his face goes white, and he drops like a sack of bricks.
“What… what occurs on a date?” Cas asks.
“So bring him back, and then what?” Sam asks.
Dean doesn’t answer. Because he wants to lie, but he doesn’t see the point in it.
She picks up the vinegar and starts adding that to her coffee while she thinks. Dean does his best not to imagine what that will taste like.
“Glad you made it,” Dean says.
in purgatory, it’s not warm either. Dean wakes up chilled, and his shivering only makes everything else worse.
“Some vacation,” Bobby jokes.
They don’t talk about it.
“I don’t know,” Cas admits, “I theorize that over time this… dependency will ease. Perhaps my grace can regrow enough to support me, but I don’t know how much time that will take. I have no idea what it will look like.”
Sam is tensed like an arrow ready to fire. He’s got a hand in Dean’s shirt to hold Dean close, and he isn’t letting go.
Dean turns on the faucet while he limps his way to get a mug. He wants the coldest tap water possible. Voices raise outside. Should Dean go see what’s going on? Probably. He sticks a finger under the water. Not cold enough, so, he’ll wait.
How did Cas get a clean slate, leaving Dean to pick up his mess? Dean has to remind himself to be angry. And he is. But he’s so in shock that Cas came back, that he almost thinks ‘Cas came back
“I have to add,” Bobby says, and Dean braces himself for what’s next, “Cas is part of the family, so, it’s my duty to do this: you be carefully with him—”
Dean tries to talk to him, to remind him what’s real. That Sam is too smart to get fooled by illusions, that Dad trained them in how to ground themselves out of nightmares. Sam doesn’t respond, seems to have totally checked out, and then he jumps. He gasps, looks around in shock.
ART ALERT!!! And it's all mine!!!! Mwahaha!
“Why are you yelling?” Bobby asks.
“You said he wasn’t dead,” Bobby points out.
Dean’s stomach drops again.
“I am a soldier,” Cas growls, “I know how to fight.”
Dean’s definitely queer. Benny proved that.
Sam can’t look him in the eyes, “Yeah, it’s— it’s him.”
Cas keeps throwing around that word like he has no idea of how huge it is. Dean thinks that Cas has said it now, in this conversation, more than Dean’s ever heard it in his life.
See y'all on wednesday, for when Death comes knocking!
“Sorry,” Sam says, “I— I shouldn’t have—”
Cas glances between Dean and Benny again.
“So you’re fine with this?” Dean asks, and he snaps his fingers in front of Sam’s face. Sam flinches at the noise.
most gifted researcher Dean’s ever met, and pulls information together in the most bizarre ways. He’s completely focused, with the kind of intensity that means Dean is going to have to remind him to eat at some point.
does that make them?
“You’ll try!” Cas snarls, seconds before he lands.
Thank you everyone for the kind words last chapter!! Plot is afoot once more, and some interesting things that Sam never noticed in his pov, and Dean didn't think to point out. Time to start spotting differences and drawing conclusions <33
I'm late again. DnD session went way overtime, and also was dealing with a sick dog, sorry!!! We WILL be back to normal hours starting on sunday.
“Knock it off,” Dean snaps, “I’m not some— patron saint of who’s good and who’s not.”
Dean flinches away, “I— I need some space.”
“You’re worth it,” Dean says.
“And he’s aware we’re going to bed,” Cas reminds him. Cas’ voice is so hot, and Dean tilts his head down to bump his forehead against Cas’, feels the shock of the contact like a live wire. They both shiver.
“It’s different. I love you. You love me,” Cas says, like it’s that simple. He closes his eyes, “I can feel the warmth of your love, unfiltered.”
That’s the turning point, when Dean looks back at their history, it was this conversation, this moment of Castiel looking at the kids in the park, marveling at the sunshine and the chill in the air and saying how he was happy Dean fought to protect it, that he was happy Dean didn’t do as he was told.
He’s gonna do it. He
Benny moans so suddenly and heavily that his whole body shakes. A hand comes up, grabs Dean just under the chin to hold him down. Benny’s rough, yeah, but this feels like something different. He’s pressing his tongue to one spot in Dean’s mouth, behind a tooth. Dean shoves at his chest. Benny goes rigid, and then sit back like he’s tearing himself away.
“You can’t survive off of meat alone,” Benny grumbles, “we’ll have to start foraging better.”
Dean swats at him, “I’m driving!”
Dean holds out a moment longer, letting Cas sit in the silence.
“I know!” Dean agrees, “he’s
The bunker starts to be home. In ways Dean never imagined.
“And so who’s the woman— Andrea?” Sam recalls, “who is she?”
Cas takes Sam seriously and thinks. Dean waits to hear what he has to say. He wants to hear Cas confirm it— that this is angel or psychic mumbo jumbo and that Sam hasn’t broken because Dean wasn’t taking care of him.
“A human soul and an angel… Sam said he learned to do that in hell,” Bobby thinks out loud.
in hell. I have to strip your soul back to get to the core.”
“Look, I— I can go through the motions. I can jerk off, and you can vibe with that if that’s what it’s gonna be, but I— I
“I don’t—“ Cas grunts, braces himself against the wall. Bobby crowds in on him, grabbing him under the arm to help lift him, “I can’t. I don’t have any grace left. I used the last of it to fly to you.”
Sam opens his mouth to talk, and then the glass in all of the cars on Bobby’s lot blows out in a deafening crash that feels like it shakes the earth.
Dean finally comes back to his own senses, and at least he wasn’t as embarrassing as Sam. He did forget he was halfway through chewing, and so he ends up talking with his mouth full, “You— uh— are you implying that Sam is… is…”
Sam won’t look at them as he talks, shares secondhand this knowledge about divine creatures that
Almost as bad as kickstarting the apocalypse or letting the devil out of his cage. And what kind of moron can forgive that?
What the fuck is Dean’s life? The personification of Death itself, dropping in for a social visit.
Dean feels like some repressed Victorian lady. Suddenly his brain is running on repeat: the fact that Cas is drinking his beer, that when Dean gets it back he can put his lips right where Cas’ mouth was like this is some kind of forbidden kiss.
It’s Dean’s job, what he was raised to do, to take care of his family. Clean up after dad, take care of Sam. Keep Bobby alive. Dean tried to extend that to Cas, because Cas earned that, but Dean fucked up so badly that Cas died on his watch. Dean can’t afford another failure.
“Would you like company?” Cas asks.
While a flattering opinion, and a great way of saying ‘your appeal Dean, is that you’re too stupid and stubborn to back down’, it’s totally wrong. If Cas asks anything of him, Dean knows he’ll come running.
Then things don’t add up.
Then again, Cas wasn’t raised to be a hunter. Maybe he could get out.
Sometimes Dean wakes up, sees that he’s in a room with four walls. A bed. Electricity and security and his brother and responsibilities, and he tries not to be disappointed.
Sam pukes his guts out, and he’s grinning when he stands back up. He’s bleeding from his nose.
“You want to do it,” Dean finishes.
I actually can’t believe it’s happening. I wanted to delay posting because I’m feeling hella emotional, like I’m not ready for this ride to be over, but we’ve got one last appointment with this fic <3
“I’m already yours,” Dean says, “but you— I trust you to respect that. Me. Even if you wanna, you know, eat me. Like I’m respecting your orders, because I don’t own you. We don’t
He doesn’t hear the pack that’s been on his ass, but he knows better than to think he’s in the clear. Next step: find some more water. Have a quick drink. Hope there’s nothing weird in it that’s going to fuck him up. Be thankful he hasn’t seen any mosquitoes yet. Or any bugs. Or animals. Just monsters. Only monsters. Dean hasn’t even seen a bush full of berries or anything to eat. He’s never been so hungry in his life.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Is it?” Cas checks.
He can hear Bobby in another room. Dean debates faking going back to sleep. Letting the weight of Cas hold him down, being able to reach out and feel that his brother is alive. He could pretend everything is fine. But it’s not fine. There’s work to do.
Does Dean even know what it is to love someone? To
Sam glances briefly over Dean into his room.
Cas turns him down.
“You’re not,” Cas cuts him off, “I understand the request. But I can’t agree to it.”
“Sand,” Sam says, and he wrinkles his nose, looking around their shitty house, “yeah, somewhere warm.”
“We need to know who we’re dealing with,” Dean says, and he takes a deep breath, “we need to know if Lucifer is still in the cage.”
When Dean thinks about Sam he can list all of the facts: Sam is my brother, Sam is smart, Sam is the strongest man I know. But the emotions that Dean thought were inherent don’t come as easily.
Sam’s phone is on the table beside the door.
They’ve got a good routine going. Keep it all business on hunts, and then when they’re at the bunker and the door to Dean’s room is locked, make out like they’re dumbass teenagers.
Dean pops his head into the living room. Cas’ vessel is still sprawled on the couch, and he has a brief thought of whether they should move it or not. It seriously looks like they have a dead dude right there in the line of sight of the front door so anyone who drops in would get a shock.
Dean tries to call out, and his mouth is so dry. It’s reminiscent of when he crawled out of his grave, all those years ago.
“He’s not in the cage,” Death says. And leaves it at that.
The huge leviathan head scans the surroundings. Spots along it’s underside light up, mimicking the off-light that comes through the breaks in the trees. It makes it hard to see, confuses Dean’s eyes so the huge fuckoff monster almost
Dean feels
Same warnings apply. Purgatory is gross, brutal and very, very horny.
Holy SHIT y’all!! Here we are!! The end!!!!!!!!!!
“Oh,” Cas thinks for a moment, and smiles, “I like that.”
“I fit in this vessel? I never realized how… expansive a human form could be,” Cas notes. He rolls his head from side to side.
“Sure,” Sam rolls his eyes, “but hey, you’re never gonna guess who texted me on the way here.”
“You’re family, and you’re important. Which is why I… I should have told you…”
They have to go check if Sam’s alive. Because Dean looked at Sam laying on the floor and didn’t even bother to check if he was alive. Dean’s going to be sick.
“Cas is on our side right now, but,” Bobby pauses a moment, “but he’s made some pretty big screwups.”
“Yeah, yeah,” Dean interrupts, “we’re saying that word way too many times. I get it. I just— I figured you wanted to try it out.”
“I don’t understand this magic stuff,” Dean admits, “you and Cas start talking and it’s like you’re speaking another language. I don’t know what to even do—”
Cas is the first person that Dean knows who came back, all on his own.
For years the two of them were making up for their fathers’ mistakes. Dean still remembers standing in Stoll Cemetery, after saving the world and losing everything. Cas pulling him to his feet.
Andrea laughs, and looks surprised by the outburst.
get it,” Sam shrugs, “but it’s okay.”
“If Cas shows his face, I’m gonna rip his fucking wings off,” Sam declares.
“Sam!” Dean barks, and he hesitates before he dares ask, “were you really trying…”
“What, the shower?” Dean asks. He glances up from the tv, notes the knife in Sam’s hand. Not unusual. They’re always packing a few knives, just in case. In a crunch Sam has cut his hair with them, and they’re definitely in a crunch right now.
“Thanks,” Dean says. If he says too much more he feels like he could crack. God knows he and Sam have had their low points. Hunting isn’t easy on anyone, but this— if Dean had been seconds slower, Sam might have succeeded in killing himself.
“Are too!”
How to say all that? Where to start?
Sam looks like shit. Even after Dean got him cleaned up from all the blood on his face. He’s propped up in bed against his pillows, tucked in like some sick kid in a movie about orphans.
Cas doesn't understand the concept of the outstretched hand and stands of his own accord. Bobby’s with Sam, so it's just the two of them heading up to Dean's room. Dean hurries Cas in without words, keeping an eye out for Bobby. The less he has to explain, the better.
“A friend,” Dean reluctantly agrees. He and Cas have said that they’re
“Yeah. I’ll be able to give you your soul back as soon as Cas is stable enough. That won’t be anywhere as intensive as the first round was,” Sam promises.
“Try again Dean, you need to call him out.”
Dean is trying, he is, but he knows he’s not enough to save anyone.
Dean has no voice. Just a finger on the trigger. If he lets Cas walk into the water, Cas dies and everything falls apart. He can’t let that happen.
leviathan. The same way Cas can take on a vessel, can pretend to be human, but he will always be an angel.
But he made a promise to Sam.
? Isn’t that kind of taboo, considering you’re—” he’s gonna say ‘a man’, Dean knows it, and Dean can barely have
Dean expects Cas to try and sit up, but he doesn’t. The fact that he stays horizontal says a lot. Cas likes being on his feet. Means he’s too weak to sit up.
Sam comes down and tries to argue Dean to come out. Dean tunes him out, and only crawls out when Bobby comes down with warm food.
“You should, you’re better—”
“This is your mission, Castiel,” she says, ignoring Dean completely, “kill the one keeping you from heaven.”
Dean doesn't want Sam to meet Benny, because what if Sam looks at Dean around Benny and he
He’s not sure what to make of that.
?” Dean retorts.
“No kidding.”
They took all of Sam’s knives off him, after that first scare. His gun, too. Dean hates not letting Sam be armed, and there’s always more weapons he can get to— he’s traveling with two hunters after all— but Sam never tries to kill himself again. Dean starts to think that the one time was a one-time thing. He knows his brother isn’t weak enough to be suicidal.
“What’s the name for it, the hot one— when college girls have boyfriends but also sleep with each other. What’s that one?”
Dean accepts Castiel as an angel sooner than later. And what follows is the heartbreaking realization that angels are not kind, they are not soft. They are not nurturing and forgiving.
Dean needs a minute to process that. In fact, he probably needs a long shower where he can sit down and put his head between his knees to process that.
“I don’t see what you get out of it.”
Sometimes Dean and Benny get in a quick fuck while Cas is off scouting. Sometimes it’s while Cas is standing guard. Dean’s not making any point to hide it.
Dean isn’t used to climbing into bed with someone else, just to sleep. Dean’s own clothes are soaked and spattered with Sam and Cas’ blood. He stares at the stains too long. His hands start shaking. Too many close calls in one day. And Dean couldn’t do anything useful to help. He strips down to his underwear to match Cas.
“Then what do you want?” Dean demands, “you want me to tell you what to do? What to think? Cause I don’t know! This is a fucked situation and I don’t know what to do. Does that help?”
“Well we’re definitely not brothers,” Dean jokes. He means because Dean has Sam, because Cas knows Sam and Cas
Metatron needs the angel tablet to do that, which is why Naomi was hunting for it to stop him. Why she sent Cas after Dean, as a display of strength. She has the angel tablet
“What more is there to want?” Cas asks, “I’m here.”
Dean stops gagging every time he eats raw meat. He starts getting a preference for which monsters taste best. He presses a kiss to Cas’ soft skin before drinking his blood.
“Sorry,” Sam mumbles, and turns away from Dean to put his face against the window.
“No, for me,” Sam says, “I’m slowing you down.”
But she flees the scene pretty quickly, and another demon in the wind is the
“Maybe,” Dean agrees, “but… you know you were wrong. And you— you fucked up. We all know it. But you’re here. Today’s a new day, right?”
Dean doesn’t lower his blade, “Fine. It’s Dean.”
Dean glances up, realizes Benny just watched him sniff his coat.
“I think you’re my best friend,” Dean realizes.
“There’s a chance that
is okay. Yesterday feels like it could have been a nightmare, save for the exhaustion Dean feels, heavy enough to ache, and the surreal sensation of being aware of his own soul flowing between him and Cas.
“Maybe you should think about getting some,” Benny muses, “they seem to come in handy.”
“No,” Cas agrees, “we’re not brothers.”
“Don’t you hate him?” Dean asks Sam.
Dean’s never had a best friend before. Never had anyone in his life like Cas. Is that supposed to make Cas special? To give Cas a free pass?
The phrase comes with less guilt than he expected. In fact, Dean takes pride in it. He’s choosing what he wants. Who he wants.
Rather than tease him, Benny grabs Dean and pulls him into a hug so tight it forces Dean to exhale.
“I was only just finding what I was,” Cas says, “and who I am. And I… despite everything, I want to be me. I don’t want to change.”
“Happy,” Sam says, “I mean, it’s kinda fucked up that you need to give your soul to someone so they can maybe or maybe not eat you, but, hey, at least you’re happy.”
“Why stay in one spot for the rest of eternity?” Benny scoffs, “I don’t know, you tell me?”
, at the end of it all. With him, for him, despite everything Dean became. And Dean's never had someone like that.
She puts on his flannel, sniffs at the collar, and
behind the words. Cas has to come home with him because he’s Dean’s best friend. Because Dean went through a year without him, and it almost killed him. Dean can’t survive that again.
What.
Once again, the issue with Cas dying because he's been too badly injured does relate heavily to my 'angels are wavelengths of light/sound entwined with their grace' headcanon, and I understand that may not be explained clearly enough for everyone to understand why Cas can't heal himself here. If you're confused, don't be afraid to ask and I can explain in more layman terms than how the story presented it!
Dean thought so too.
“Yeah,” Dean sighs, “the hot ones are always taken. Or undead, right?”
Dean runs his hand up, over Cas’ collarbone, to the curve of his jaw. And he uses that to turn Cas’ face up to him more.
Dean leans his shoulder against the doorframe, crossing his arms across his chest. His baby brother and an angel of the lord are playing psychic catch with an empty white claw in the kitchen. This is… sometimes when Dean takes stock of his life he comes to realize he’s not very normal.
. That’s what Dean wants to be. Who he’s trying to be. Anything but the old man.
“Fuck,” Bobby growls.
“It is a beautiful day,” Dean announces, and leans back against the counter. His coffee smells amazing, and he takes a moment to breathe it in. Life is beautiful sometimes. If they had windows, Dean is positive the sun would be shining in. There are birds singing, and children laughing somewhere or whatever. Life is
Dean crawls out of his grave into a whole new world.
Sam shrugs, in that way he can do because he’s the little brother and he gets sassy when he’s defensive. He’s going to evade questions as much as he can, which means he knows he did wrong. He knows he was out of line, and he’s not sorry for it. If he didn’t look so pathetic, Dean would want to kick his ass.
He is
He thinks he’s going to go crazy if he has to sit around for hours. He needs something to do, but there’s nothing to be done except wait.
Sam pours them coffee, passes one to Dean. He takes a seat at the fold-out table in the room because Dean’s in charge of food. Sam is banned from the kitchen. Thankfully the burn on his hand is healing well. He’ll probably make a full recovery.
And then he’s unconscious.
“You are a poison!” this angel snarls. She’s wearing some blonde, do-gooder mom in a cardigan, which could almost be funny, except she’s got Sam on his knees, one fist holding him by the hair and is punching him in the face with every other syllable.
“And what’s that?” Dean asks.
“You pizza-manned me?” Dean whines, and he wants to make more jokes but he’s breathing too hard to get any oxygen to his brain.
“I don’t know if I know what it is,” Dean confesses, “I don’t— I don’t even know what it is, but I— I said it, and I meant it, but I don’t even know what I meant. I’ve got all these thoughts in my head, and none of them work or are right for us. Most of them aren’t even possible.”
"Depending on the nature of the issue, I can have you home before Sam knows you're missing," Cas says.
The voice means he also spends his trip from exiting Purgatory to digging up Benny’s bones, thinking about purgatory and everything that happened.
“Hey, breathe,” Bobby says, “nice and slow.”
In my notes this chapter is 'Cajun Vampire Sidepiece Part 2: Electric Boogaloo'.
“Well you saved me,” Dean jokes. Cas looks up at him, and it’s— god, that look, holy shit, he
to anyone. We’re in this together.”
But Sam can see Cas’ real self. That has to be an advantage.
"I don't sleep much either, but, come with me," Dean says, again.
about feelings and shit in the way that Sam thinks everyone should be able to be nice to everyone, but that’s not how the world works.
“You, uh, how are you doing?” Dean pauses to check.
“You were going to instruct me on ‘taking it slow’,” Cas reminds him.
Dean thinks to make a comment like ‘my old man hasn’t bothered me since I killed him either’. This doesn’t feel appropriate to laugh. Bobby pulls out a flask to take a sip.
Dean’s tried to change, to be better for Sam, but its still not enough. Sam’s treating him like he would treat Dad: like Dean’s a threat, like he’s a blunt weapon who can’t listen to reason.
“We’re following up on information to rule things out,” Bobby insists, “because either we find nothing, and it turns out Sam was having some grand delusions. Or, we find some useful information because Sam has insider knowledge on something that most of heaven doesn’t even know. Besides, with heaven breathing down our necks I figure we’re stuck inside for a little while. Might as well have fun with it.”
Sam’s limp as a rag doll. Dean doesn’t want to, but he copies Bobby. If he does what Bobby does then he can be sure he’s not being a soulless asshole.
Dean rolls the can between his hands. He has to figure out how to drink it now without being weird.
“We went through a lot together,” Benny shrugs, “and you just lost someone real important.”
Dean’s heart stops cold.
“I would like to raise bees,” Cas decides.
Dean had been hoping to avoid him a little longer. Time to bite the bullet. He takes a deep breath to steady himself, and pushes Cas into the kitchen.
“I don’t know,” Cas admits, “but it— it may not be the Morningstar in Sam.”
“I know,” Cas says.
Cas focuses in on him there. Dean closes his eyes and rides it. It’s wild, he doesn’t know how to move his hips for this. If he was grinding against something, yeah, sure, he can do that. But this is entirely different. Spreads slow through his body like dropping a rock in a puddle and watching it ripple outwards. Maybe there’s other ways of playing, that might be better than either of them know, but right now? Dean is loving this.
“So what’s the deal with this place?” Dean wonders.
Their server arrives with Dean’s food. Dean’s simultaneously starving and nauseous. He picks at his fries and burns his mouth on the first one.
Bobby’s whole face scrunches up under his hat, “You think you’re being soft on him?”
Now Dean’s confused. Doesn’t she want Dean to back off? To stop making her man queer just cause Dean’s weak for him.
“Yeah,” Dean agrees, and licks his lips. He likes kissing, he’s great at it. They don’t have to go further tonight. And knowing that that’s the truth, that that’s okay, takes some weight and nerves off of his shoulders.
“Me?” Cas asks again, “you— you want
And it’s wrong, even as he says it. He’s making this all about him. He’s fucking it all up, even though he’s
“So for now you gotta do some manual care,” Dean says, and he holds out the mug to Cas, “just until you get your grace back.”
You MAY see this story updated with 1 more chapter. I’ve been debating making a “chapter” just for all the art links, for people to come find any art and to update if more art for the series is done in the future. (I’m ambitiously drafting some tarot-style illustrations in my head for our team free will haha). But I’m undecided, and out of time to actually do that today. So don’t be alarmed if you get another chapter notification!! TBAM is finished, I promise.
“We can do that,” Bobby agrees, “let’s get you to bed.”
“If you hurt him, you will answer to me,” Cas growls.
“Practice for
“No!” Sam snarls. He rolls to his hands and knees to try and grab Bobby, to get his knife from him.
Death hesitates at the display. It’s just like Raphael when Dean and Cas trapped him. There’s frost forming on the floor, in Bobby’s beard. Dean’s finding it hard to breathe.
“I don’t have the relationship with my siblings that you do with your brother,” Cas explains, and thinks for a moment, “I’ve killed basically all of them who did not agree with me. So, perhaps I’m not the best for advice.”
“Nah,” Dean says, “I think we should stick around and bug Bobby for a bit. Besides, Cas will be back soon. And then we’ll figure out what we’re doing next.”
“No,” Dean orders, “that’s the price of being with me. You want my soul? You can have it. But if the choice is between me and Sam, then you
Sam isn’t getting it, Bobby isn’t getting it. Neither of them understand why this is so important, and there’s nothing to hide behind now, “No, you don’t understand Sam, I
Dean can relate to that one. Retiring from hunting is the fantasy everyone in the life shares.
Thankfully Bobby is basically a hoarder and throws all his random shit into rooms no one can use anymore. It doesn’t take Dean very long to find the wheelchair, dump all the books and weird stuff piled on it onto the floor, and roll it back.
Death smiles at that, “so you
Sam said he doesn’t want to talk, and Dean’s going to respect that.
“Shut up,” Dean grumbles back, “but yeah, sure, whatever. Bi. That's probably what I am.”
Dean wrinkles his nose with a quiet laugh, “Am too,” he argues.
Despite his best efforts, he can’t get Benny horny enough to forget all of those reasons.
"We're here to help," Dean says. Stick to business. He can do that. There's a job to do. That will keep him focused.
“He was facing an eternity in the cage,” Death points out, “the apocalypse was supposed to be his freedom. He was supposed to die in that final battle against Michael. And you stole that from him.”
“Seriously, Dean. I don’t… I’ve got good intentions, I know that. But I know I can get lost, when I’m not with you. I want to do this. While still being good enough for you.”
“I’m not— I’m not making it up?” Sam asks, and Dean’s stomach twists in knots because the question isn’t for the people here, but to himself. His hallucination.
“I’m not turning it up,” Sam groans, clearly in the middle of a conversation, “I hate this song.”
“You want me to drink your blood?” Dean asks, and he stares at Cas like he’s seeing him again for the first time.
There’s about a million answers, because really, humans are pretty squishy when it comes down to it. Sam looks like he’s having the worst case of test anxiety.
“But I’m happy for you,” Sam says. And wins the fight.
“You love me,” Dean reminds him, sees the tremor in Cas’ raised hand, sees the light of Cas’ own grace in his eyes, and staring death in the face, his own life flashing before his eyes, Dean feels like he can see clearly again, because nothing else matters.
“Why?”
It's another sex chapter!!!!!!!!!!!! And also very important in terms of 'there are BIG differences between humans and angels (or seraphim)'. Dean n Cas are in their honeymoon phase, haha.
Sam checks in on time every day. The tension in Dean’s gut, the stress over his brother, starts to settle. He has somewhere safe for Sam to live, so Dean can focus on the hunt. This can work for them. He’s going to make this work for them.
likes PBR. Admit defeat and enjoy the craft beer renaissance.
Benny laughs at that, “Oh, I already told you, Dean. I’ll give you what you want.”
When Dean surfaces from his focus, doing up the last of the stitches, Cas has passed out. Dean has to shake him to wake him up.
?” Dean demands. He hasn’t seen this book since he was a kid and he and Sam would obsessively look over the pictures like each one was an entire adventure to be unpacked. Dean was obsessed with the lion— actually, wait. This is the same book that Dean got when he was a kid. There’s the crayon on it where Sam tried to color in the title. The cover is taped on after Dean folded it so many times it almost ripped off. How long has Bobby been holding onto this one?
“Cas!” Dean snaps, “why won’t he wake up?”
“I know what a secret is,” Cas argues.
The grace hangover, yeah. Dean’s gotten it a few times over the years. The more healing you need, the more it makes your brain fuzzy and your head spin. He knows this one will be a doozy.
It’s an act of kindness Dean wasn’t expecting. And the thing inside him that’s cracking, that’s breaking, starts to spill out. He was keeping it together, and now—
When Dean does stupid queer shit, Cas politely ignores it. That’s how their friendship works. They’re going to ignore it, Dean has to remind himself. He fucked it up this time, but Cas will keep giving him more chances to get it right.
Dean is lucky he’s amped up from the dichotomy of emotions threatening to wreck him. He catches Sam before he cracks his head on the table. Sam’s too massive for Dean to keep him upright, and they sink to the floor so Dean can lay him out.
“We’re not getting any closer to finding your angel,” Benny says, “and you’re only getting worse.”
Dean wrenches his neck to look for something to grab on to. He’s— he’s
“This brother of yours,” Benny asks, “he younger?”
“Your bloodline was created to host archangels. You can endure a much more intense song, and follow the tune that has not changed since Michael was created.”
“Are you okay?” Sam checks, “you and Cas… since…”
Dean opts for a t-shirt and a pair of soft jeans, and upon noticing that Cas is wearing a button up and slacks, asks that he strip down further as well. Being in bed is for comfort, and nothing Cas wears looks actually comfortable.
Dean knows Cas responds, but the words are lost to him because it’s white-hot pain through his skull, glass-shattering, high-pitched screaming. It sounds defiant, a refusal to claim any familiarity between these creatures.
“You wanna take care of your brother?” Bobby asks, and what kind of question is that? That’s Dean’s job, of
“Maybe in a better world, we get to stop fighting,” Cas figures, “maybe that’s the world Sam can make.”
Despite being a basket case, Sam is still a strong son of a bitch, and Dean throws all his weight into pinning his brother. He wasn’t fast enough— there’s still a red cut at the side of Sam’s throat, blood trickling out— it’s not gushing, he didn’t hit an artery— Sam head butts him under the jaw. Sends Dean sprawling.
This is the least sexy sex chat Dean's ever had.
Bobby’s grip on him feels too intense, and Dean hisses. But dying— Death, that’s right. Oh, shit, fuck, balls. Death was here cause Sam and Cas—
“But you said you were gonna kick everyone’s ass,” Dean reminds him.
“Hold on,” Dean begs, “just a little longer. Sam—Sam says he has an idea. We’re gonna save you. Just hold on a little longer. Right, Sam?”
Dean has even gone so far as to finger himself in the shower a few times now. It’s
Dean is nauseous the first time he and Bobby go out, leaving Sam alone in the bunker. This mission is going to be at least two days intensive, and very leviathan heavy. On his exhaustion-only sleep schedule, Sam’s due to crash any day now. They can’t risk bringing him into this, where it’s going to be touch-and-go, and Sam is more liability than benefit.
“Not everything is about you,” Death sighs, “you are all aware that God has been absent from his post for some time now. I’m tired of dealing with the mess he’s left behind. It is
“You’re alive,” Cas says, and it sounds ragged, like he’d been expecting the opposite. He was the one who healed Dean, who made sure Dean survived, and even then he’d thought that something could have gone wrong.
to be as far from here—”
breaking. I keep fucking up and ruining everything. And here I am again, with no home, no place to go— I don’t even know who I am!”
“No. What Death was doing— talking about you like you’re not you, that was fucked up. This is all you.”
It’s not something Dean’s shared with other people. Sam knows him inside-out, that’s who they are, that’s how they’ve lived and the pattern they fall back into. But Sam always was and always will be the favorite. Sam is smart, has a future outside of hunting. Sam fought back, made himself into his own person to be respected. Sam asked questions, Sam got burned and rather than be disowned and forced out, Sam was big enough to walk away on his own terms. Dean was never strong enough, never man enough, to do that. Dean loved his father so much, wanted his father’s approval so badly, that he couldn’t disobey him until after Dad died.
“Maybe I should have brought this up, before, but I didn’t even think about it until it came up. I’m sorry, I know I’m a piece of shit—”
“I’ll figure it out,” Dean says, “maybe I’ll, I don’t know, fuck it. Maybe I’ll meditate with him or something stupid. Get a ‘I heart my psychic brother’ shirt.”
Sam went out to get a coffee, or do some research. Whatever nerds do.
Neither of them know. Souls don’t leave purgatory, but purgatory is meant for monsters. Angels and demons didn’t know about it, which means heaven and hell aren’t connected here. Where would Dean end up after he dies? Or would he completely cease to exist.
While the bedroom is the biggest room Dean’s ever had, it’s relatively not that large. He crosses it fast enough to get up in Cas’ space.
“And what beats angels?” Death continues.
“Yeah,” Sam jokes, “I needed the extra hands.”
Sam tightens his grip on Dean’s hand, “Can you— I’m not ready to be alone yet.”
“I’ve never heard of someone
“Are you serious?” Sam realizes.
Like how Dad thought he would go? Where the hell did Dean bring up Dad?
Christ. Dean can only handle so much passive-aggressive bitchiness.
“Where’s the angel?” the other one asks.
Dean wonders what that’s like. If he could have chosen Cas on purpose. He feels like he’s been drawn into Cas’ orbit since they met, that the second Cas touched his soul in hell Dean’s been on a collision course to loving him. It just took a few years for Dean to understand it, and he doesn’t think he could have stopped it if he tried. And he tried, he really did.
embarrassing, Dean is overcome with the urge to pick on him. He pushes past Cas to slap at Sam’s hands, counter the threat, and Sam tries to parry Dean’s hits. This is— they haven’t roughhoused properly in years. It barely even counts compared to the scraps they used to get into when they were younger and Sam was shorter. Not to mention, well, this is the same room that Dean hit Sam in.
kill himself), or Dean has to change. Dean decides on a new mantra of ‘I am not my father’. All the while Dean is having heavy guilt and remorse about Cas' death, and feels like it's his fault.
Cas’ stupid shirt is still buttoned up, so Dean pushes the bottom of it up as high as he can. He hates those buttons. They get in the way and they’re hard to undo without stopping to wait for like five years to undo every single one.
Dean shrugs, “Well, it’s nice to be wanted.”
Why the fuck aren’t they talking about it? Has Dean been
Dean sighs, “This is… you and me, we’re planning for the long haul, right?”
“I’m gonna make more coffee,” Bobby announces, and hands Cas’ mug to Dean. He makes a hasty exit.
Bobby grabs him by the arm and Dean freezes.
Dean’s doing his best to keep up with talk way above his pay grade. Sam and Death are talking about songs and grace in ways that Dean’s never heard.
“Well, remind me, what is Lucifer?” Death asks.
Dean drops his head back, breathes heavy even though he’s not doing anything. Feels Cas curl his finger slightly, testing. Push in to the second knuckle, pull out.
understand Cas’ fascination with biting. Something, something, angels don’t have mouths and so getting to use one makes Cas all excited.
Andrea sighs, and slumps back in the booth, “I’ve never had a cheeseburger. Or french fries. What do they taste like?”
“How the hell do you fuck people without them noticing?” Dean wonders. The thought of a dick up his ass is no longer as appealing when it’d be like getting screwed by a lukewarm popsicle.
with that?
“That was all Sam,” Dean agrees, “I just… I watched.”
between them might not be real. Dean needs to prove he’s a good friend.
Sam starts, like he hadn’t known Dean was there.
They didn’t get much research done yesterday, between Bobby making calls and Dean doing damage control. So they pick up where they left off.
“Breathe,” Bobby orders.
“I’m sorry, Dean,” Cas says.
Sam turns away from him, to look out the window. Dean can hear him mumbling to himself, but can’t make out the words.
“But that’s good, I guess,” Dean figures, “without you, maybe she’s gonna lay low for a while?”
It feels surreal, to be sitting down and reading after the day they’ve had. To be looking for any evidence of Sam’s delusions, to prove that they’re real or not. Dean can’t believe they’re taking it seriously.
“You need a drink?” Bobby asks. He doesn’t wait for an answer and heads into the kitchen. Dean follows.
Dean decides to get Cas out of his blood-soaked pants, and tries to use them to wipe off the other blood on Cas’ torso. He still looks like he should be dead. Dean fights to keep his hands from shaking as he helps Cas lay down.
Dean laughs, and holds his angel tighter.
He’s drunk enough to be able to barrel through that, to say it before he can lose his nerve. And it’s including Sam and Bobby in there, to soften the blow. And they’ve turned now, enough, that Dean spies Sam watching them.
“Yeah, we got you kiddo,” Bobby says. Now Sam’s as gentle as a lamb as Bobby readjusts him with extra pillows behind him, and fixes the blankets on him. It’s a relief to see Sam’s eyes again, but he’s staring off into space without tracking anything.
Cas makes a slow gesture of his hand, and Dean hears the lock click across the room.
“This one, Jimmy, he is of a special ancestry, yes. But nowhere near as powerful a vessel as others,” Cas says, “but the again, I am just an angel. No need to waste an archangels vessel on something like me.”
It wasn’t her victory.
“He’s dying,” Death says, “because he has bad posture.”
“Maybe… maybe at the time he thought it was right,” Dean says. But who the fuck is he to speculate on God and divine plans. Dean’s just the wrench that breaks the machine.
“And maybe you’ve done enough,” Bobby says. Dean’s own words, right in his face.
And the ridiculousness of it all catches him, and Dean finds himself laughing between sobs. It’s a gross, hysterical noise. Cas’ arms pin him in, the same way he’d be pinned if he climbed under the bed to block the world out. Dean hasn’t been held like this in… in a long time.
Cas turns another page. His fingers trace Dad’s writing, the symbols drawn in the margins in shitty ballpoint pen that had to be pushed so hard it left indents and grooves that almost wore through the paper. Dean’s traced it so many times with his own fingertips, sometimes thinking about how young Dad was when he drew these. How Dean is that age now. How this is one of the few legacies Dean has from his father.
Cas saves him, yet again. Dean takes the time to help wrap the cut afterwards. It becomes a little ritual for the two of them. With purgatory’s constant twilight, there’s no way to mark the passage of days, and so this becomes a mark of time passing for them.
“Neither do you!” Dean insists.
“You don’t know that,” Cas says.
Dean wakes up hungry, later. And that’s a nightmare of it’s own. He desperately tries not to think about it, about the makeshift sack he and Benny put together for this. Not to think about what, or who, he’s eating.
It's the end of pride month, and coincidentally, the end of purgatory! We have no, officially, caught up to the start of
“The angel tablet,” Cas declares, “I want to find it.”
“You can ask him,” Dean says, “he can probably hear this conversation anyways.”
“Dean,” Bobby sighs, and adjusts his hat. He’s clearly disappointed.
Dean frowns. He’ll have to make sure to blow Cas’ mind a
Sam takes a ragged breath. Scrubs his free hand over his eyes like he’s got something in them.
“Don’t be. I chose you myself,” Benny says.
“Are we sure this is the only way?” Bobby asks.
Dean thought Sam said he helped Cas break out. He hates magic shit. None of it makes sense.
"'The hot one.'" Sam shakes his head. "You watch way too much porn, dude. It's disgusting."
Dean glares at him. Why the fuck is he making jokes? The longer they spend sitting on their asses, the worse Cas is getting.
of Cas’ grace under his skin, and that heavy presence in the air that Dean is pretty sure is Cas loving him.
“My dad loved me plenty,” Bobby says, and Dean nearly does a double-take at him. What?
“Well, you know, when in Rome,” Dean laughs.
His bony hand grips Sam by the chin to turn Sam’s face up to him as he growls, “This is not a favor. I’m curious to see what happens next. The next time you kill yourself, I
“Hang on,” Dean urges. Hopes Cas can hear him, “I’m not letting you go, not this time.”
“But we have wards set up,” Dean says slowly, “and heaven is on your ass.”
“Tough love?” Bobby echoes, “what— you’re gonna hit it out of him?”
“What I gather is that you spend a lot of effort looking after the people you care about.”
At the end of the chapter Dean is reunited with Castiel, who is able to reduce the immense strain on Sam’s mind (effectively healing him, as is elaborated on further in To Exist Again), and together they go after Dick Roman. The chapter ends with Dean feeling like it’s possible to forgive Cas for the transgressions against him and his family (heavily implied it is because Dean has romantic feelings for Cas, but does not realize what they are yet)
on his own while Dean was completely useless.
“I’m so proud of you Sam,” Dean continues, “we’re gonna get through this. You’re going to survive.”
Sometimes Cas joins them. Sam and Cas argue about current events. Sam talks about shit happening around the world. Gives Cas a list of places to visit if he’s so inclined. Cas brings them authentic Chinese food. Cas is a good friend. He’s perfectly behaved in front of Sam, never giving away the fact that if Sam weren’t here, Dean would probably be jumping Cas like five minutes ago. Never giving away the fact that Dean is so in love with him, that Cas loves Dean so much, that Dean might cry if he thinks about it too long.
use fag/faggot at any point in this story, though I do feel that is an insult that Dean would have been raised with as part of his vocabulary. I personally feel that is a loaded enough term in the current present that you the readers don’t need to encounter it sprinkled throughout what is intended to be a story you’re reading for fun.
Sam’s breathing hitches slightly, and when Dean glances over at him, he realizes Sam’s crying. Like, full on, ugly crying.
And to think: Benny came out of it sane. And kind?
“You don’t know!” Sam argues.
It would be easy to call Dean gay as Supernatural The Show hates giving us living female characters, and so the majority of Dean’s close relationships in this story are all with men. When past relationships (specifically Lisa) are brought up, I hope I’ve made it clear that Dean did love and care about her(and the others) just as much as he has come to love the current men in his life, but also acknowledge that Dean’s complex relationship with misogyny and women as a whole has lead to him having difficulty forming close relationships with women, and so he
like a human when they don’t need to. So no telltale signs of life to Benny’s body.
“What, you think I should just let him off the hook?” How does Sam not get it? Cas hurt Dean’s family. Hurt Sam. That should be unforgivable.
Cas waits him out this time.
“Dean,” Cas says, sharp. Dean closes his mouth.
Dean keeps himself between Cas and the others. He appreciates that Sam and Bobby would go to bat for him, but Cas is still a flight risk and Dean needs him to stay. Cas snags the new 40 of JD off of Bobby’s desk and chugs for an uninterrupted minute.
“I’m unfamiliar with eating,” Cas reminds him.
Dean’s going to be sick.
Dean pushes off the wall and holds out his hand. Cas reaches out to grab him, fingers around Dean’s bare wrist, and Dean sees stars. The intensity of the pain is gone, all that remains is an ache like a deep bruise.
normal! I can’t believe you went through all that alone!”
“You’re looking good,” Benny greets.
“I was in the area,” Death says, and holds up a paper bag stained with grease at the bottom, “are you hungry?”
Cas takes the book from Dean, and flips it open to the first page. Dean goes to make himself comfortable, shifts his shoulders, turns his head into Cas’ body. That has him almost nuzzling into Cas’ stomach. He can smell Cas— that ozone, earthy post-rainfall smell, and an underlying current of masculine sweat that makes him think about Benny. That’s too much, too close, and Dean knows it. He did that in purgatory, when he hoped it would get a response from Cas, when he knew he could get away with it. He can’t explain that away here, if someone walked in on them.
done a number on him.
Benny takes Dean’s weight without breaking a sweat. Can lift him, hand under Dean’s thighs while Dean wraps his legs around Benny’s waist and focuses on kissing him stupid, and Benny doesn’t even strain under the weight. Benny can pick Dean up and move him where he wants— pin him against shit, toss him to the ground, throw him over his shoulder. It’s thrilling, it’s hot, to not just see, but
,” Dean settles on.
“You know what it means,” Sam says with conviction, “don’t play dumb— I’m talking to my brother.”
, and doesn’t really have much choice in the matter as Cas pushes him back so Dean sprawls onto his bed. Cas stays crowded in on him, intense and focused and overwhelming.
"I've got you," Cas repeats, and it sounds like a reassurance. For which one of them, unclear. Dean closes his eyes, tips his chin down to lean his forehead against Cas'. Breathes in. Electric vibes course from Cas' vessel into him, and Dean gets an arm around Cas' waist to hold him close. Breathes out. Cas doesn't breathe with him, but he curls his hands up Dean's back, pulling Dean in tighter to him.
Dean glares at him. What the fuck is he getting at?
Benny grins, “Only if you ask for it.”
“So tell me, what does the American cheeseburger taste like?” she presses.
Bobby’s place has gotten to the point Dean calls it home sometimes. The door is always open to them, Dean likes wandering around in the space. He’s comfortable there. No longer feels like he’s intruding. It was the first place he had his
Sam opens his eyes, and the look on his face makes Dean want to know what the hell he saw. Sam looks from Cas, to Dean, and gives Dean a nod. He’s pissed, but he’s respecting Dean’s brother pact.
want to have sex with Cas. He does. There’s a few sessions that start to get pretty close, that Dean wonders if they should cross that line. And by the time he thinks about asking what Cas wants, he decides he’s not ready to ruin what they’ve got going for them. Because once this escalates, there’s no going back.
Cas must be lurking nearby, but in some form that Dean can’t sense.
Sam taps Bobby and makes a mangled sound. He grimaces, like it hurts to talk, but Dean can recognize his own name. Keeping contact with Cas, Dean moves forwards to give Sam a pat on the shoulder.
“And he died. His life ended, and he thought I was dead too,” she reminds Dean.
Dean’s words lodge in his throat.
“So how’s the angel war going, anyways?” Sam asks.
Cas releases Benny with a rough shove that sends Benny into the far wall of their little enclosure. Cas doesn’t say anything else and leaves them alone.
? Dean’s brain races to place the word. He doesn’t think he’s ever heard it before. What does this have to do with Cas?
Dean shrugs, “Hell if I know. I, uh, I think me ‘n Sam settled on, uh, bisexual. You know, the middle road. But I don’t— I don’t really wanna talk about it.”
“Yeah, it is. But I also wanted to talk to you about Cas,” Sam says.
want something,” Benny explains.
had that kind of power. Even Sam has his experience with his psychic powers from way back. Dean is aware of how boringly average he is compared to the cosmic superheroes around him.
It looks like full on Mothra versus Godzilla went down. Huge swaths of trees are toppled, snapped and ripped out of the ground. Some are even smoking like they were on fire at some point. Big holes in the ground, from heavy things stomping and clawing. Two leviathans down. One with it’s jaws pulled so far apart that it’s throat is ripped open. Like Cas pried it’s mouth open to look down it to find Dean.
“Where are we going?” Cas asks.
“I didn’t know this was possible,” Cas confesses, “I’m sorry.”
"I don't sleep," Cas reminds him.
He swings. He swings again. It takes three hits to snap the bone. Dean hasn’t eaten in what he thinks is four days, so he makes quick work of slicing off some meat and shoving it in his mouth. The blood’s hot while the skin is cold. Purgatory is a fucking
come before everything. But he can’t do that right either.
“I needed to speak with Sam,” Cas agrees, and heads out.
Dean thinks of all the times Sam tried to cuddle up to him, tried to ask Dean for help, and Dean pushed Sam away and told him to stop being such a pussy. He jumped Sam, threw him down and hit him, when Sam wouldn’t fix himself.
Sam is crying when Dean wakes up. Begging for mercy in his sleep.
The worst part is that Sam has great days. He has stretches of days where it’s like he’s going to be fine, and Dean wants to believe he’s finally gotten a handle on his shit. He’s focused, set on helping figure out what to do about the leviathans. He’s got ideas, plans. He cracks jokes, eats food. The tension in Dean’s body eases.
“I’m being micromanaged,” he mutters, but he makes room on the bed for Dean anyways.
Sam does act a little cool. Dean throws crumpled paper at him, and sometimes Sam turns and snatches it out of the air like he’s a blind batman or something. For a while they entertain themselves as Dean throws things and Sam tries to sense where it is to catch it before it hits him. They don’t play for very long because it devolves into Dean just pelting Sam with whatever he can find and Sam yelling that Dean’s not being fair.
“You should think about it first,” Dean tries to stop him.
“Sure,” Dean says, and hands his beer over, “Sam got me a variety pack of some hipster craft shit. It’s all weird.”
He spins it to hand off to Dean, handle-first.
“I thought you’d been eaten, or captured,” Benny says, “and that’s why we couldn’t find you.”
that he and Cas have. Dean knows the night is cold, but he thinks he might be sweating.
“That spell you used was very reminiscent of Lucifer's weaving,” Castiel announces, and hesitates, “but then again, my memory is clearly not what it used to be. Maybe I’m wrong.”
“You explained that my involvement is important to you, in sex,” Cas says, “and while my own orgasm is pleasant, I still much prefer yours. So if my research is correct, I can be involved and make you come multiple times.”
He sucks at the cut in Cas’ forearm,
Dean makes a snap decision.
He couldn’t think of a way to get Sam out of the bunker for the night, but so far the close calls Dean thought he was going to have between Sam and Cas haven’t really happened. Worst case scenario, if Sam comes knocking, he can always tell Sam he was jerking off.
He’s so dry— his insides have been turned to sand, he thinks. He just wants a glass of water. Or a whole swimming pool to drink until he drowns.
Cas starts to come back to him, but his face twists up in pain. Dean moves to meet him on his side, laying down so they’re facing each other. Dean’s soul flows through the both of them, soothing all of the rawness of their pain. Looking at their entwined fingers, Dean can’t see anything different about them. Should they be glowing? Should he see runes, or strange markings, to indicate what’s happening under their skin?
“You’re nice like that,” Dean fills in. They share a soft laugh over the line. Dean thinks his sounds more nervous than he means it to.
Dean lunges for it, “Is it porn?”
Dean has
Sam nods in agreement, “Yeah. I… I know. I just— I kinda wish I could have stopped it.”
“I’m scared,” Cas confesses. And that throws Dean right for a loop. Cas? Scared? Cas is such a badass that Dean’s seen him charge archangels, leviathans, demons, even Death himself, and not break a sweat. Cas doesn’t know the meaning of fear. So if he’s scared, what the fuck could possibly scare him?
“I think—”
Dean stares at Cas. Sam stares at Cas.
“Thanks for the tip. We’ll be careful,” Benny agrees.
But that’s it. He’s done. He’s going to end it all, himself. He who breaks the first seal, kicks off the end of the world, and now he’ll finish the job. Kill everyone, because that’s what Dean has always been. A killer.
Cas loves him right now. Cas would say it if Dean asks. Does Cas even understand how powerful that is? How
Benny looks back to Dean, Dean nods in agreement. Benny takes his hand away, but doesn’t move back. He’s close enough that Dean can smell him, and Dean’s familiar with Benny’s scent now. He wears Benny’s coat or uses it as a pillow every time he sleeps now.
Benny’s watching him closely.
Thank you to tumblr user Assdirectorofficial for
Sam’s panting, and struggles to get out of the blankets he’s been wrapped in. He doesn’t look at any of them, or respond to their voices.
?” Dean asks, and he moves forwards towards Sam. He doesn’t know what to do. When Sam was at his worst he stopped recognizing Dean, stopped talking to him altogether, but he always had the devil on his shoulder. He talked to Lucifer all the time.
“Did you find any more information on seraphs?” Cas asks.
The Winchesters: expert monster hunters, and apparently big time monster fuckers, is what Bobby’s getting at. Sam with Ruby, now Dean with Cas. Thank god none of them found out about Benny.
, Dean can recognize nervous fidgeting. He can’t stop bouncing his leg.
pointless,” Dean grumbles.
room, away from Sam, since he was four.
Except Dean always fucks up. It’s just a matter of time.
“I’ll bill you,” Bobby grumbles.
Dean’s startled into a nervous laugh. That’s a good zinger. Classic. Maybe he and Sam didn’t learn their defensive sarcasm from Dad.
He doesn’t even know where Cas is. They came here together, Dean knows that, but then Cas vanished.
did it have to be Sam?
“I don’t feel right,” Cas says.
“Sam?” Dean tries, and when he doesn’t get a response he looks up at Cas, “what the fuck?”
Dean knows he should be worried about Sam. Sam is alone, on earth and after the year they just had, the thought of Sam being alone should leave Dean terrified. He doesn’t have the luxury of time to worry about Sam, and the distraction is almost a relief.
“Are you alright?” Cas checks. Dean reaches out to steady him. With the closed door, the room to themselves, it feels safer. A space where they can ignore the world for a little while.  Dean can pretend his life isn’t falling apart.
Cas pops in occasionally, at night. Dean sleeps in spurts still, not on a regular enough schedule to time it well, but if Dean’s laying down then Cas sometimes joins him.
Except Cas is making his confused-face, with the specific squint to his eyes and tightness to his mouth that Dean can read like the back of his hand.
Bobby thinks Dean’s going to kill Sam if they keep up like this. Dean wants to believe Sam’s in a holding pattern, that in a few more days he’ll start getting better, but truthfully, he thinks it’s been a downward trend since Sam’s dam broke.
“Sam said ‘yes’,” Dean recalls, “right before I went under. He said ‘yes’ to someone.”
“Downstairs,” Dean urges, and reaches out to give Cas a gentle push out the door. He feels the give of Cas’s arm under the coat as Cas lets Dean move him out. Dean glances back at Sam once, decides to not close the door, and then it’s him and Cas in the hall. His hand is still on Cas’ shoulder.
,” Sam realizes.
Sam nods, and wipes his face. Looks past Dean’s hip, out into the hall, “You know how bad Cas is. Can we fix him?”
“I’m more than okay,” Dean says. And that’s all the warning Benny gets before Dean jumps up onto him. Dean hasn’t had the energy to do this in a
Cas has mentioned Naomi a few times. She’s supposedly a stupid powerful angel, and one of the leaders of the big factions of angels looking to take control of Heaven. And if she had the juice to get Cas out of purgatory… well, Dean can remember how powerful her Enochian and angel spells were the night she got Cas to attack him.
“With discretion I can avoid them. And return when I’m done.”
, he gives himself an out. He locks the door behind Cas anyways.
“They’re looking for me,” Cas confirms.
Dean sinks to the floor and sobs into his hands.
“Just— go slow, right? Gimme some time to relax,” Dean reminds him. Sometimes Cas gets too focused and barrels right into shit. Dean does not need a surprise three fingers up his ass when he’s still feeling nervous.
Cas shoots Dean a confused look. He doesn’t know about that either.
“Cas I don’t… I don’t know what to say,” Dean admits, “I think— I want to say Sam’s lost it, but then it means he’s
Instinct takes over and Dean whips around to strike and it’s— it’s some young woman. College, maybe? Maybe older? She’s got glasses and a messy bun and she goes pale as Dean turns on her, flinching back so hard she almost shakes her glasses off her face.
“So it’s personal?” Dean asks.
, and the faint glow of grace in Cas’ eyes: this is literally everything Dean’s wanted since landing in purgatory, since
Dean pushes himself up and sneaks out of the room. He’s been sneaking around Bobby’s house since he was 12, so it’s not too hard to make it down the stairs quietly. Maybe if he raids the fridge he can trick himself into a food coma.
“I’m tired,” Dean whines.
“Of course not,” she says. But he’ll hurt Benny anyways, is what she’s really saying.
Death nods, “Yes. Now, Sam, if I’m not mistaken, you bested Lucifer, didn’t you?”
“Not to mention how careful I would have to be to not burn him to a husk with my mere presence,” Cas continues, listing off points on his fingers, “I would have to shield myself constantly, and maintain distance and awareness of him at all times, and someone as inexperienced as him may not know how to control himself, and it would require my constant vigilance to keep him safe from himself
and he doesn’t have time to realize he wasn’t against it, and then Cas is breaking all the rules, is turning on Heaven, for Dean, and he’s standing in Chuck’s kitchen and promising “I’ll hold them off, I’ll hold them
There’s only comfortable room for one other person on the pullout, and angel or not, Cas looks like he needs to lay down too. Dean can give him the space and go crawl upstairs to die for a little while.
“You need anything else?” Dean asks. Sam’s probably exhausted, and Dean needs to go talk Cas down from his defcon level anger to his regular cranky. And then work out a plan on how to deal with Sam.
“You know something about me, about what’s happened to me,” Sam continues, “tell us.”
“Of course I know it,” Cas says, “I rebuilt your body.”
“Deep fried chocolate bars,” Death says, and hands Dean the bag, “I thought you would appreciate it.”
so Cas can’t compare them.
But somewhere over it he hears a sharp whistle, a sudden drop in temperature so fast that Dean groans as it chills him to the bone, and then angels yelling. Is that good? Bad? He can’t tell— what the fuck is going on? Are Sam and Cas okay? Why is Dean so pathetically useless that he can’t do anything to help? Sam and Cas are in danger and all Dean can do is lay here and try not to die. Fuck, fuck!
“You’re my annoying kid brother,” Dean repeats himself.
“How big are we talking?”
“Holy shit,” Dean whimpers. Cas
“That’s not a leash,” Cas grumbles.
Sam is blind for several days. On the second day he proclaims to Dean that he’s fine, that this is actually great for his training. He walks around apparently using his third eye or whatever to navigate. For the most part, he does okay. He looks like a dumbass the whole time, walking around with his eyes closed and his hands out. He, well, he looks like someone pretending to be blind.
and— and—
“Because I— you know what I said. You know how I feel. But it, like, I’m human. You're an angel. It’s
Dean should disagree, should pack Sam and Cas up and head back to the bunker. They should be making a plan of attack, they should be getting on with their lives. Because they’re hunters. Just because heaven is breathing down their neck doesn’t mean they should turn tail, doesn’t mean they should drop everything and sit around talking about their feelings.
“Okay,” Dean says. Tries to stop smiling like an idiot. Can’t. Holds Cas’ hand and feels like he’s flying.
Dean breathes out a long sigh.
Dean shakes his head, “I don’t want to force you into—”
“Are you injured?” Cas asks. He’s got an arm wrapped around his stomach, and he’s half doubled over.
Dean shrugs, folds his arms across his chest, “I… I said yes because Sam wants to do this. And I realized that, even though he’s always gonna be my little brother, he— he’s an adult. And I’m not his master. If Sam wants to do this, he’s going to do so with or without my say-so, so, what was the point in even asking me?”
Puling pranks means 'i love you' in sibling <3 welcome to the family, Cas
And it shouldn’t be this hard. It really shouldn’t.
Once again a reminder that the next chapter will go up on FRIDAY, and then we're back to our regular sunday-wednesday schedule.
Ah, hell. Wait. What if he’s supposed to care bear Sam out of magic limbo or whatever the hell he does.  He’s gotta go back down all those stupid stairs to save Sam. It’ll be easier with Bobby, Dean figures. So, might as well start solving everyone’s problems.
Dean will have some opinions/say things that I the author do not necessarily agree with (he believes in binary gender, for one!). Please be aware he is a biased narrator, was raised in a car and out of motel rooms by a very depressed, angry and paranoid man, but Dean does mean well. If you’ve read Sam’s story
“So why are we having sex?” Dean asks, “I thought you said you wanted to try it?”
Bobby reaches out again, and is ready when Sam spooks, holds onto him. Sam tries to swat him away, having no idea who’s touching him, until Bobby takes his hand and brings it to his face. Sam touches Bobby’s beard, and then reaches up to feel for his hat. He visibly relaxes, makes a low sound of relief, and and clings to Bobby.
Okay, seriously, whatever it is they can take it. Turns out the two of them are a force of nature in a fight, like they were meant to fight side by side.
Bobby points them to a vampires nest, and Dean hopes to god Benny isn’t there.
Dean and Cas were gone from earth for a year. It’s hard to say exactly how long it was in purgatory, considering there were no normal markers of time. No sunrises, no sunsets, no seasons. But it felt like it was a year, at least. Dean can’t imagine knowing the purgatory twilight would be forever. Might as well go mad and kill everything until it can kill you.
For some reason Dean’s thinking back to that stupid deep sea documentary he and Sam watched once. It gave both of them nightmares but neither of them will admit it. There was a fish there that had a light on an antenna, and would lure other little fish in with the light, thinking it was safe, while the fish would wait patiently with its rows of big teeth until it was time to strike.
There’s a stack of books building by Dean’s bed. Cas likes to read while he takes watch. He’s even started doing brain teasers and other nerdy things Sam likes.
He hopes Cas misjudges his strength. He hopes Cas kills him. How poetic? Cas was the one that was sent on the fool's errand to pull Dean from hell, and now he can be the one to send Dean back to where he belongs.
“I’ll drink to that,” Dean agrees.
and being
So he should call Cas. He wants to.
“I’m sure he has a reason,” Cas says.
the leviathan still, but it— that’s real air he’s breathing. It’s cool purgatory air. The leviathan’s been torn open. A gaping wound above him shows the gray, twilight sky. It seems darker than it’s ever been. Is it night?
Sam lunges across the car with his go go gadget arms to grab the steering wheel and keep them out of the ditch.
Benny hadn’t known exactly the year he died, nor did he know how long he’d been in purgatory. They knew that he’d died before Dean was born, and that he’d been turned a lifetime before that.
He immediately dreams of Benny kissing him in grave dirt. Of his weight pushing Dean down, of the smell of the earth around them. Feels another set of hands on him.
Dean nods, “Good. Then I need to sleep. I’m freaking exhausted.”
“Shut up,” Benny says, and then there’s the cold blade at his throat.
He thinks back to purgatory, to everything he did with Benny, and most of the things he
Cas must pick up on Dean’s train of thought because he steps out of the tub, and then leans in for a kiss. And who is Dean to say no to that? Cas grabs Dean’s shirt with both hands to steady himself, and Dean laughs into the kiss because he’s gonna have wet handprints on his shirt now. Dean reaches out blindly, grabs the towel, and tries to wrap it around Cas. Dean can feel the pleasant heat of his soul, united and whole, flowing between them.
See y'all on sunday for some TLC!
“You said you weren’t looking for nice,” Benny reminds him.
Cas gives them. Dean wants to drag in a blanket, something to wrap around him. He wants to get Cas to stop talking, to give him some time to collect himself, to be safe, without Sam or Bobby jumping down his throat.
,” Cas confesses, “I
“You get quiet when things are bad,” Bobby explains, “so, I can tell this is a bad one. When you can, just know you can talk to me. About anything.”
Dean doesn’t even know how to answer that one. Isn’t it obvious? Is he missing something?
“How are you feeling?” Dean asks.
“Then don’t!” Dean says, “if you don’t want to, you won’t. You’re— you’re the most stubborn person I know—”
, the obvious thing that Bobby’s trying to say?
think about how easy it would be to jerk off thinking about things he can’t have.
Dean has to do better. But, fuck, he doesn’t know how. Who the fuck is he, if he isn’t like Dad?
, he reminds himself. So, what? He’s gone from being a man, to being… what? A joke? Is that really his big ‘gotcha’ to Dad?
Also rip to Dean, because he likes shitty cheap beer, but Sam's craft beer was Sam trying to help his brother discover taste. (Some) Craft beer is GOOD!!!!
“You can tell us if Sam still has that wing,” Dean points out. He pauses to chug his coffee.
ago,” Sam announces, and glares at Dean.
“There are far worse things to be bound to,” Cas muses, and captures Dean in his gaze again, “if— if this is true, I’m glad it’s you. But that would… if we could move forwards with the idea that I may be under orders, until I know for certain. I would like that.”
Dean almost tells him not to bother. But the nostalgia hits him too hard. Cas’ wings, or the shadow of them, were a big part of his safety for a year. He misses them like he misses home.
vamps. The three that have Dean start hissing.
And Sam laughs like he heard a great joke.
Dean shoves his phone back into his pocket, “Fine, yeah. Just, uh, tired, you know?”
“Dean,” Benny cuts him off, “how are you gonna take care of Sam when you’re—”
“Oh my god, I want you to fuck me,” Dean pants.
“Why?” Dean presses, and then adds, “are
Benny shrugs, “Then you’re gonna die here.”
Sam looks at him, looks back to the road, back to Dean, “You did.”
Death tilts his head further, dark eyes studying Dean closely.
It’s like trying to make decisions for Sam. Dean is not their master. He has to let them make their own choices.
just to prove he has free will and not even Dean loving him is a good enough reason to stay. They’re researching Sam’s insane hallucinations because his brother is having another break from reality, and Dean is going to have to watch him fade away until the only option left is to kill the both of them because Dean can’t save anyone who’s important to him.
. What do you want?”
“What was I supposed to do?” Dean demands, “go ‘hey guys, I think I’m having weird feelings for dudes now. Please treat me like everything is normal’?”
“Just wondering how things are going for you two.”
Cas is too exhausted to protest. He looks small, all bloodied and sprawled on the couch. He does his best to help as Dean methodically strips his huge coat and the blazer underneath off. God, how many times has he done this under markedly different conditions?
“Can we try again?” Cas asks.
So Dean asks, “Are you God?”
, but he’s trying and that’s enough to make Dean smile.
It’s been so long, it’s been
She rolls her eyes.
to Dean. How Dean’s not worth being home to someone. That he’s wanted it for so long, turned it into such an impossible fantasy, that he can’t comprehend the thought of someone wanting to come home to him.
, he’s just not strong enough.
“And there are several routes and methods I could use to stimulate your body,” Cas continues.
And fuck, just having a familiar face after the weeks, months, however long it’s been since they got sucked into purgatory. It’s enough to make Dean’s eyes water. He laughs. He cries. He digs his fingers into Cas’ body, through his coat, and imagines covering Cas with his handprints, his marks.
For being a normal-looking guy, pushing Cas feels like trying to move a parked car. He moves because he wants to, not because Dean has any power over him. And Dean’s pretty strong if he does say so himself. He feels Cas rumble a growl before he sits back.
Dean doesn’t know what to say to that. Cas doesn’t seem to be looking for a response.
Benny takes this in good form, and laughs. Claps a big hand on Cas’ shoulder.
“Just— I need a bit,” Dean remembers how to talk, “but you can get started.”
Sam is up. He’s functioning, he’s nowhere near as twitchy as he was yesterday or since Dean almost died, and he’s eating toast with Bobby. He’s got peanut butter in the corner of his mouth. He smiles when Dean and Cas walk into the kitchen. It’s a dream come true, a sign that he’s going to be okay.
“Talk to Cas if you need to,” Sam urges, and grimaces, “although he, uh, I think he’s against this.”
with this shit.
“Sulking,” Dean says to the room. Because he’s almost sure of it. Cas can’t leave the wards without Naomi and her crew hunting him down, and he didn’t take his vessel. He did the equivalent of hanging up a phone call to win an argument.
Dean, and Sam, breathe out a long sigh of relief, until Death finishes his thought, “Sam has the capability of becoming something like God. Or greater.”
“Dean!” Bobby grunts, “a little help?”
There’s so much to do, so much to focus on: the human race versus the leviathans, Sam, Bobby’s in the wind and Dean doesn’t know if he’s alive or not, Cas loved him but he fucked off and
“Constant killing. That’s it? That’s monster afterlife?” Dean figures.
“I’m a—” Cas is cut off when he yawns again.
Dean holds the glass to his mouth.
Dean shrugs again, “This is already weird enough,” he admits, “I have no idea what we’re doing.”
Dean swats his knee.
“No!” Dean orders, “we wrap this shit up, and we never touch it again.”
“I am
This Castiel has to be a liar,
“Now that you’re done bleeding out on my floor,” Bobby sets his knitting needles in his lap, “you idjits mind telling me what the hell just happened?”
“Don’t be sorry. Tell me how to fix this,” Dean pleads.
“Death said y’all will be okay. So go sleep,” Bobby orders, “who’s going where?”
Unfortunately Sam
beyond weird, weird.
Dean’s heart lodges in his throat at the sight of him. That’s four times now— four times he’s lost Cas, and four times Cas has come back to him. That
loved before? A human? Or another angel? And I've lost them forever?"
It’s happened so many times that it’s stopped spooking Dean. He’s used to the way Cas pops in, appearing an inch above the ground, and then dropping so his feet hit the floor. It’s kind of cute, now that he knows to watch for it.
“I was,” Cas says, “he surprised me.”
And when the work is done, they come home.
Dean glances at Cas. When did… where to say it all started?
“Dean!” Sam shouts, “calm down! This isn’t a big deal!”
Cas gestures to the steps. This has become a spot for them, where they hang out. Dean feels warm, in his chest, at the thought. He doesn’t have places like this with anyone.
“It would be my pleasure to marry you,” Cas says, like it’s not the most amazing thing Dean’s never heard in his life.
Sam holds up his hands, “What more do you want from me? This is the first time I’ve done it!”
Sam grimaces, like Dean said something unpleasant, “Dad’s long gone,” Sam says, like Dean doesn’t remember the nightmare around Dad choosing to die for him, and then unloading all of his shit onto Dean about keeping Sam in line or killing him, “and his way isn’t working for us. So, I figured maybe it’s time for something new.”
“You’re so weird,” Dean teases, and ruins the moment by spitting into his hand. He spreads enough between his thighs to hopefully make it good, and gestures Cas up.
Benny shakes his head, “Nah. You’re either in, or you’re out. And between you and me, you don’t look like you can put up much of a fight.”
Sam frowns, “But they’re my powers? Why can’t I handle it?”
to gravity because there’s no way Cas has this much height on him for Dean to be kissing up. His hand is a tight grip over the burn scar, fingers and palm lining up perfectly.
Cas closes his eyes, like he’s thinking about it, “Your song is wonderful, when you share it. I’d like to learn it better, to attune my grace to it.”
Dean takes a second to lay still. To breathe, to feel Cas’ weight holding him down. He’s okay, Cas is okay,
Delight bubbles it’s way up Dean’s chest, making him laugh. He reaches out to Cas, Cas reaches back. Their hands feel good together, like this is what Dean’s hands were made for. Not to hold a gun or a knife, but to hold Cas. For today, he’s going to imagine that it’s true.
“Not something to worry about?” Dean demands, and arguing with Sam is so much better than thinking that Dean was stupid enough to fall in love with someone who stuck around because they
It’s about all the thought he gets before Cas gets him again.
Dean and Cas are the only truly living things in purgatory that aren’t leviathans. Everything here would like to tear them apart and make them part of the scenery. And despite everything, despite their falling out, and their tentative rekindling, Dean looks at Cas and knows this is the badass that pulled him out of hell, that turned on heaven and his family to stop the apocalypse. He and Cas rebelled against their fathers plans, took on the messes their fathers left for them to clean up, and the two of them are figuring out how to be their own men. Cas looks at Dean, and Dean feels that energy, that
“You think?” Bobby checks.
wearing too many clothes. He’s distracted as Cas kisses him. It’s very easy to get distracted when Cas kisses him.
“We take care of our own,” Dean reminds him. He doesn’t want to be the one who has to say it, that they have to part ways, that they
“Well I’m not fucking magic!” Dean snarls.
“It wasn’t
This week will be a little softer, as Dean n Cas settle into their new relationship. Next week we get back to more action, so enjoy the domestics while they last!
“Leave. Or you will be removed,” Cas orders.
The foot in front of them has blood bubbling out from under it— dark and viscous. It’s leaking down the leviathan’s leg like the creature is soaked in it. Like it just crawled out of some tar pit. They can’t fight this thing. If it comes after them, Dean’s best chance is to throw Benny down and hope that slows it enough to get away.
“I can join on hunts, if that will help,” Cas says, and then goes quiet.
I want to devour your soul,” Cas figures.
“I’m trying— I wanted you to understand what you’re dealing with. And maybe you need to be careful—”
“And you were never going to come back with me?” Dean asks.
“If it’s not love…” Cas pauses, muses on his feelings.
“So everything we’ve been doing hasn’t been real enough? All the sex and shit we’ve said, it’s come down to: if we fuck right now— that’s it. I’m signing a contract and my soul is yours for eternity?” Dean laughs.  This is ridiculous.
“Good,” Sam agrees, “you deserve it.”
“He was kind of awesome,” Sam admits, completely missing the point. Cas is hurt, last Dean checked. He’s alone, without backup. This is the worst case scenario.
“I thought I could keep myself in check,” Cas admits, “that I was strong enough to resist your temptation. But I— whether by weakness, or because I am becoming more of my true self— if we continue like this, I don’t know if I could let you go.”
Dean’s stomach twist into knots. His neck is hot. He might be sweating through his shirt.
Well that’s fucking news! Recurring visions? Did Sam know this was coming? Dean wants to be mad about not knowing this was going on, but what use would he have been? He’s so painfully, uselessly average it makes him want to scream.
That last bit feels like it’s from Purgatory’s influence. But it’s close enough to the truth that Dean doesn’t bother fighting it.
of torture he went through. He recognizes it’s not normal, but he thinks it’s acceptable.
When a leviathan eats a soul in purgatory, that soul never gets reborn. Because the leviathan digests them
in danger,” Cas corrects Dean.
If there’s one thing Cas has never been, it’s a coward. These days Sam shrinks when Dean raises his voice, but Cas meets him head on.
“Okay,” Cas sighs, giving in to Sam’s argument. And he looks to Dean, “I’ll follow you.”
“Don’t,” Dean begs, “what— what can we do—”
Cas takes a step closer , “I’m drawn to you,” he stops himself, settles back on his heels, “and I don’t know if it’s by divine order or my own choice.”
“You don’t know?” Dean echos, “what do you mean—”
Dean just can’t bring himself to
“This is a vessel,” Cas whimpers. He’s shaking under Dean’s hands. Bobby crowds in to help pin Cas. They’re lucky Cas isn’t trying to force them off, and lets himself be held down.
“I’m not leaving without Cas,” Dean snaps. And that purgatory brain kicks in, and Dean feels an overwhelming sensation of
of them tumbling across the table and onto the floor.
“You can drink my blood,” Cas explains, and he sighs like Dean and Benny are asking stupid questions, “angels are deeply entwined with their grace, but grace itself is not angelic. Even if I were to possess Dean, it would not change the fact that he is, at his base, human. And retains his human soul.”
“Do you understand the concept of destructive interference?” Death asks, suddenly off topic, “when two wavelengths overlap— they have the ability to combine, which results in amplification, or a reduction in both of them. If timed correctly, two identical wavelengths can completely cancel each other out.”
“This isn't funny,” Dean insists, and he glares at Cas since Sam can’t see how mad he is, “that was too close! This is getting too dangerous—”
“Okay,” Sam says, and turns on his heel to head inside.
Dean gags and turns away.
that! And we don’t know what that really means!”
“You’re taking care of them. Who’s taking care of you?”
the people?
“With the real devil,” Benny confirms.
Sam’s too smart for his own good.
“About me?” Cas realizes, like the thought had never occurred to him.
“You think he would choose you?” she asks.
“I told you I love all wrong,” Dean reminds him, “I’m— I’m just human and fucked up and—”
It’s only a few hours back to Bobby’s to drop him and the truck off, and then Sam, Cas and Dean will head home to the bunker. And then they get to work. Finding this witch to teach Sam, figuring out ways for Sam to fuck around with the balance of the universe enough to piss God off, avoiding the heaven civil war until it runs out of steam, avoiding Crowley now that they’re no longer closing the gates to hell.
Dean. Cas wants Dean more than anything else in the universe. He wants to spend forever with Dean, because he thinks Dean is someone worth loving. Dean blinks away the water in his eyes.
“I love you, you
“Shit,” Dean hisses, mostly into Cas’ mouth. He tries to pull away, but Cas kisses him again, and that’s so much better, Dean groans in relief, but—
Dean feels sick. He shakes Sam again.
Dean’s face is further from Cas’ now, and yet this angle suddenly feels
“Well then maybe we need to find a back door in!” Dean snaps.
“You’re the one going on about having teeth now,” and biting the shit out of Dean. It’s still hot, but like, a guy can only hear ‘maybe I want to eat you’ so many times before he takes a hint, “so enjoy biting things.”
“And why me?”
He did it. God, Cas has always been so strong. Way stronger than Dean in all the ways that matter.
See y'all on wednesday!!!
“Not what I’m saying,” Dean corrects him, “I think you’re set on this. So… if it’s right for you. Then…”
He hates when people look at him. When he and Sam are going about their business and they
Oh, oh shit. The time Cas was whammied and almost killed him. He had Dean on his knees then.
lose him.”
“The armor?” Sam checks. Right, Cas said he talked to Sam about it.
“What?” Dean gasps. He reaches for his machete. Looks around. Did something find them?
“Cool,” Sam says, “so… if Cas is gone, then are we heading out?”
Sam is busy with research for a case, and then he’s going for a run. Dean has locked his door. He’s safe, no one is going to know.
Death sighs, “Fine.”
Cas places a hand on Sam’s forehead. A brief glow of grace, and the ice and cold is gone from Sam’s body.
Dean gives him a sarcastic ‘haha’.
In the recent years, any time they’ve been bad off, Cas has healed them. Dean actually can’t remember the last time he was gravely injured long-term. Can’t recall the last time he had to hobble around, or sleep on Bobby’s couch because he couldn’t climb the stairs.
“Why not team up?” Dean wonders, “take the leviathans out? Take control of this place— there has to be enough monsters by now?”
Cas grimaces and shakes his head.
It’s a hole in the ground, half-dug into the side of a hill. Barely a cave, not even a burrow. Dean thinks he sees claw marks, like maybe something was digging it out? Weird. Wrong. The ground is hard and uncomfortable. Dean longs for a lumpy motel bed. Everything smells moist in a bad way.
“I gotta get more light bulbs,
“Well I’ll tell you this,” Benny says, “you wanna survive this place? The only way we do that is to get our asses to the exit as fast as we can. Everything here is hunting for you, including the leviathans. And if they find you because we’re wasting our time on you being nice? Then that’s it, game over.”
“Shut up,” Dean mutters. He just realized the sexier way he should have done this, and this time he takes two of Benny’s fingers into his mouth and sucks on them like he’s thinking about Benny’s dick. Because he is. It still tastes awful, but this time Dean tries to pretend it doesn’t.
He’s right. Cas is still working out the logistics of how rough he can be, and he’s definitely bitten Dean harder on other occasions. Dean has never minded the thrill of chicks digging their nails into his back, or a teasing nibble, but he
“Where’s Benny?”
Cas’ shoes shift, toes pointing to Dean, “Are you alright?”
Dean shrugs, “It’s… different here. Do you feel it?”
“I hate this fucking place,” Dean insists, “I hate it.”
This chapter corresponds with the first half of chapter 1 of
Warnings: Canon-typical violence and gore, possibly on the heavier side. This is a horror story after all.
Only a monster would miss purgatory.
swings towards Cas and they both know it. They know it enough that Cas used it against him, to play Dean along so Dean wouldn’t suspect Cas was going to stay behind.
“Sam,” Dean insists.
“You fucked guys?” Dean shouts.
I the author made the choice to specifically use the word queer, in Dean’s language, as an insult. I want to be clear upfront that I do not believe queer is a derogatory slur in any form (though Dean would have been raised to use it as one) but also I’m specifically using queer instead of gay as I want to be clear that Dean is being written as a queer man, rather than a gay man (if you already read Sam’s story you know Dean will eventually settle on the bisexual label, with Sam’s help). As a queer-identifying person I feel like it’s important to hold the space for these “middle” identities that aren’t on polar ends of the spectrum, and therefore, we use queer here as to
In that time, with both Cas and Raphael gone, the two sides started splintering into smaller and smaller sects all with different ideas about what the future of heaven looks like. It’s complete anarchy.
one in him?
“Family will do that,” Dean agrees, “but, hey. You’re right.”
Sam’s white-knuckling the steering wheel. They’re flying along an empty highway in broad daylight. Dean’s curled in the passenger seat, head against the window.
She groans again, practically pouting, “But
Cas nods, and takes a half step back, “I will go. But I… I needed to see you were…”
“Your soul is singing,” Cas says, softer, and Dean stares at him because what do you say to that? “Is— is that for me?”
The death explosion is too bright, and Dean has to close his eyes. By the time he can see again, Cas has forced the other angels back.
“I can offer you a tip,” Death says from behind them.
This is the same angel who took on three whole leviathans with no ability to fight back, to save Dean’s stupid ass. The angel who gave up everything for him. The angel who loves him.
“So we have the option of going to Evestown, which we do on occasion. New kids go there to learn the basic rules— I’ll tell you the rules in a second, eat your dinner— and we all have a pretty good time. Cause eternity means forever, so, at some point all the people that die here? Well, they come back. Usually missing little bits of themselves, like memories, or personality traits and shit. Rumor has it that you die enough times, you become a tree.”
to. Because you’ve got me already.”
If this chapter is too difficult to read, for whatever reason, there is a tl;dr at the end, and you are free to wait until next week to pick this story back up. (Season 7 spans 2 chapters total, and we will head into purgatory in chapter 6!)
“Death did,” Bobby says, “said it would be annoying to go to all this effort for Sam to just die of a cold.”
known that Dean’s queer before Dean did? And that Dean has spent his life being the stupid stereotype of a closeted meathead who was too dumb to even know he was closeted.
“I can’t believe you hid this from us for so long,” Bobby says.
"What if I
They need to shower. Dean moves as efficiently as he can, stripping under the water so he can scrub his clothes with soap to try and salvage them. Between the spare clothes they’ve forgotten here over the years, plus the extra clothes Bobby keeps for hunters who come and go, he and Sam are able to put themselves back together without wearing their own blood.
In the year and more since he’s seen Cas, Dean wonders if things will be weird between them, if they ever meet again, because Dean kissed him. They never talked about it, never had time to know if they’re the kind of people that don’t talk about that sort of thing. Or if Dean has to make sure to keep distance between them, if he doesn’t want Cas to turn him away entirely.
“He betrayed us, almost killed Sam, brought the Leviathans here, declared himself God and made us kneel to him,” Bobby lists, “and he almost killed you, too. And that’s who you’re going with?”
Dean shimmies down, now his knees are over the armrest, but he can prop his head on Cas’ thigh, not be sprawled across his lap. This is acceptable. This is friendly.
to be messed with.
— hey!”
“It’s not him,” Sam sighs, not rising to the fight, “it’s a— we all know I haven’t been okay since hell. This is part of it. I see Lucifer. Sometimes he talks.”
And what can Dean say to that?
“So what happened to the people you were traveling with?” Dean asks. Even as he speaks, he realizes the truth. Benny hadn’t hesitated to kill his partner when he realized he could use Dean to his advantage. Dean has no trouble picturing Benny realizing what the exit is— whatever it is— and killing his crew to keep them from spreading the word.
I love angels! And how they must experience love and emotions!! Cas and Dean will always have trouble communicating these emotions for the simple fact that they're different species (Dean is made of carbon, Cas is a wavelength of celestial intent), but the feelings are real nonetheless.
“Hey, hey, that’s gross,” Dean scolds him. Dean should have offered him cream and sugar. He says as much, because he’s not getting up if Cas doesn’t want it.
Sam shakes his head again.
him? Benny looks just as shocked to be lifted right off his feet by a guy smaller than him.
“Cas is up. Wants another pb&j,” he says, and busies himself getting all of the ingredients out of the pantry.
Dean screws his eyes shut. Watching the movie with Sam and Cas— Sam all tucked in against him. The way Sam always folds himself small when he wants a hug. The way Sam doesn’t like his food to touch on his plate, and how excited he was when Dean stole him a tv tray with dividers for his food until they melted it in the microwave.
“You’ll handle it,” Dean says. He knows the kind of man Cas is, despite not being a man at all.
Dean shakes his head, “I don’t know. I seriously don’t.”
'i can make soup' have y'all ever heard such a normal line made so tender
“You’re not,” Dean argues. He used to think that Cas wiping most of Sam’s memories of that whole year was a good thing, to help Sam recover faster. But now he wonders if they should have let Sam remember just how
“I don’t know what to do,” Dean admits.
Cas nods.
Bobby smears the blood on Sam’s cheek as he tries to wipe it off. Lifts Sam’s eyebrow enough to peek under the lid and…
“I’m the bloodline,” Sam shrugs, “heaven set that up.”
Here’s his kid brother: angel eater, health freak, and got the jump on telling Cas to take care of him.
“I’m the pink power ranger?”
Dean’s family is safe.
Dean’s pretty sure that’s a symptom of scurvy. Or a host of other things that happen when you spend all your time on the run through the woods, fucking, and only eating the people you kill. He knows he’s lost weight, like, a notable amount of weight. He hasn’t been this thin since he was a scrawny teenager.
Cas doesn’t do any of that, “Demons were once human. It's not surprising they find comfort and familiarity in a host. But human bodies are so… small. It feels… excessive and tedius to bother with all of the fine motor controls needed for human expression.”
. Cas will be working with Sam, instructing him, and glance up to meet Dean’s gaze where Dean’s watching from afar, and Dean thinks
Cas keeps up the same slow pace, moving his hips in easy motions. Dean likes kissing him like this. Likes gasping into his mouth when Cas is deep inside of him. With Cas over him,
So Dean kisses Cas when he comes, swallows the shout, feels Cas come all over his hand and it’s hot it’s so fucking hot.
? Are those two different things, or is one more important than the other?
“Yeah,” Dean says, “so get back in touch with your dick.”
“I like to think we’re making it up as we go,” Castiel says, a soft smile to go along with his joke.
“An hour?” he looks back towards the living room, where Sam is still passed out and vomiting blood on the pullout, “do we have that long?”
Dean wonders if he should be embarrassed by how slow he’s taking this. He hasn’t waited this long to have sex with someone since he figured out what sex was. But Cas doesn’t push, doesn’t see any need to push or to even know that he could ask for more, and so Dean doesn’t bring it up. Not out loud, anyways.
It strikes Dean suddenly, that maybe all of Sam’s weirdness is just psychic weirdness. Maybe it’s
Dean was on the receiving end of Cas’ fists once, years ago. Turns out Cas had been holding back. He’s not holding back now.
“Good,” Sam says, “more for me. And then when you have a heart attack and die because all you eat is carbs, you’ll realize I’m right and you should have switched sooner.”
Dean’s not sure where Cas fits in his frankenstein not-family family. It’s the end of the world, tonight, and Cas is by their side. Dean recalls the awful future Zachariah sent him to, and even at the worst, even when they lost, when Dean had no one else, there was Cas.
It’s time to build a house.
Dean’s blood goes cold at the words.
He says it like he approves of Dean. And that feels good, Dean will admit. That Cas knows,
“I have to back Sam,” Dean says, “he asked me to go with him on this. And I have to, but it’s—”
And then it really is. It’s still
isn’t enough to save him, isn’t strong enough to go through with this again—
As stated before, Dean's pov is intended not to be a point for point rewrite of Sam's pov, but rather fill in scenes around the events of
All Dean does these days is stumble his way through conversations he’s never had before. He learned from his old man: buy someone a drink, help them shake off the nightmares, but don’t get caught in them. The less said the better. Leave your own shit at the door. Don’t burden everyone else with it.
rings in Dean’s head like it’s a scream building and building and he’s going to explode if he doesn’t let it out.
Dean only throws up once. He’s going to consider that a win.
Cas shows up after Dean texts him that he’s alone in his room. He had a quick shower, said goodnight to Sam, and the bedroom door is locked. Dean’s dressed down to a t-shirt, clean socks and his nicest pair of boxers. This is drifter lingerie. God, he hopes he’s hot.
“An activity— dinner, movie. A kiss,” Bobby prompts.
out, and
! Dean has a home, warm coffee, an amazing angel who is obsessed with getting him to come more times than should be possible, and a little brother who needs to lighten up.
Sorry for the late posting. I'm in the middle of that PNW heat wave and it's so hot that I couldn't turn my laptop on lmao.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas keeps yelling, even as the high-pitched noise shifts into a scream, into what has to be Cas
Dean shakes his head, “I just got my ass kicked. Sam did all the work.”
“No,” Cas says honestly.
, Dean told him, and meant it.
anything about the shit that hurt him.
“That doesn’t have to mean you let me be a creep,” Dean argues, “I don’t want to take advantage—”
“How’s the coffee?” Bobby asks, a pause and then, “you okay?”
“What is the point of this?” Cas asks.
“We don’t have time,” Benny sighs, and he sweeps Cas into his arms.
“Okay,” Dean says, that’s broad enough to work with, “lets start there.”
“Sam’s awareness is weak, but he shows potential,” Cas says.
, it hisses. For the first time Dean realizes that it’s mouth doesn’t move when it speaks, but he can hear it all the same.
“Wait was that— I walked in on that,” Sam realizes, “that was the
“But I’m broken,” Cas confesses, “I understand that now. I’m not— I’m incapable of doing anything without ruining it. I loved my father, and destroyed heaven because of it. I love you…” he looks down at Sam, “I’m sorry Dean, I mean it. I hope you and Sam are better off without me.”
“Dude,” Dean says, and scrubs a hand over his face. He still can’t believe it, “five times.”
. Cas heals him after a hunt, fingertips light on Dean’s skin, and Dean thinks
The can creaks as Dean squeezes it, "I'm not some general to give orders— I told you—"
like the bullet was a fucking bomb. Blood splatters on the lower steps of the porch.
love someone, someone who knows him and loves him right back. He’s never had someone like Cas. Maybe he’s confusing things, and getting it all wrong.
“If I tell you that you
“Just do it,” he says, “it’s not hard.”
“Eve can only protect one place,” Benny says, like it’s obvious, “otherwise it’s dangerous to form groups.”
This chapter has everything! Porch renos. Blood vomit. Soul mates! Soulless Dean!! Lucifer????? No eyes! and of course: Cas' killer jokes.
Sam’s hard to look at— there’s weird magic glowing under his skin. Dean recognizes this from the first trial, but it’s stronger now. Unsettling to watch, like something is crawling through his brothers’ body. And mixed in there is the glow of Benny’s soul.
“Wait. How much?”
A locked door doesn’t seem like enough privacy, not with walls this thin.
Dean points at Sam, “What the hell is going on with him?”
They can’t just sit on their asses. Proactive, that’s what Dean needs to be. Hope for the best, prepare for the worst. He’s not letting Cas go. He’s not losing Cas again.
Dean scrubs his free hand over his face, "I'm sorry— I shouldn't have—"
“What the hell?” Dean asks. He can’t tear his eyes away from Cas’ face. Oh
“Yeah, Cas! Get with it!” and then Sam trips over his own feet and almost eats shit.
The panic room is cooler than the main house, and that also feels comforting in it’s familiarity. It’s very metallic. Most of purgatory was dark, old forest. There are no hollows or big tree roots to squeeze into, but under the cot feels safe enough. His blade in hand helps him calm down. He breathes. Benny is in the wind. Cas is… Dean fucked up and left Cas behind. He’s gone. For real this time.
