As he stepped out of the car, the scent of the flowers wafted to him on a gentle breeze. He looked over at the soft bobbing of the flowers that he couldn’t hope to name, and spotted amongst them the paths of bees as they buzzed between them. A smile lifted the corners of his mouth as he remembered a slightly loopy Cas complaining about the absence of insects in Heaven and how he preferred them to angels. Not that Dean could blame him there. He preferred wendigos to angels so who was he to judge?  He closed his eyes, taking a deep breath and leaned back against the door to the car. He stood there for a while, just breathing in the scents of the flowers and listening to the whisper of the breeze, before he finally gathered the courage to do what he had pulled over for. He pushed himself up from where he was leaning, turned his back to the meadow and leaned his forearms against the roof of the car. Keeping his eyes closed, he bowed his head forward until his forehead was resting against his arms. And, for hopefully the last time, Dean Winchester prayed.
Bobby, skilfully he thought, refrained from rolling his eyes. By god, this boy was going to drive him mad in paradise as well, apparently! These two idjits clearly deserved each other, acting like a couple of teenage girls navigating their first crush. He cleared his throat before answering;
After what felt like an eternity, he has pulled himself together enough that he begins to think about pulling himself up to his feet, getting back into the car and driving until he’s ready to meet Sam again. As he drops his hands, and his head moves back to rest against the door behind him, he becomes aware of a hand resting on his shoulder, warmth seeping through the material of his jacket and the shirt underneath. What an odd detail for the demons to have added into this particular torture. But then again, they always knew the exact ways to break him.
There was a long stretch of silence, in which Dean again closed his eyes and focused on taking deep, even breaths and trying to tamp down on the butterflies that were now roiling in his stomach. The silence stretched on for so long that Dean was convinced he had been abandoned again, and was about to open his eyes again when Cas spoke;
“No, you can’t be. They’ve created you to mess with me. To torture me. You’re not here, you’re in the Empty. I saw it take you.”
Cas nodded, before moving over to the sink, placing the glasses into it and turning on the water. As he waited for the sink to fill enough, he pulled his coat and suit jacket off, draping them over the table top before rolling his sleeves up to his elbows. Dean swallowed roughly at the sight, as the muscles flexed in Cas’ forearms and as his hands cradled the delicate glasses. Shaking away the thoughts that were forming in his mind, he moved over to the counter dropping the bag of ice and the solitary lemon he’d pulled out of the fridge.
“Can you wash those, Cas? I don’t like the idea of using the same glasses, plus I don’t want to have to do it all in the morning.”
Cas nodded and they lapsed into silence again, staring out at the meadow but occasionally cutting their eyes across to each other, still amazed that they were both here. After a long while of sitting in silence, Dean knew that they had to broach the subject that had been burning in his memory ever since that moment in the bunker, the moment that had caused him so much pain and been the cause of so many broken night’s sleep.
“Well, I didn’t think you would be here so soon actually. I thought we would have longer to prepare everything for you. And that I would have more time to think about what I wanted to say to you again. But, then the plans of Heaven never did mean too much to you.”
“Finish packing and I’ll go grab a few things too.  We can let the town kids babysit Miracle.”  She gently patted his cheek.  “We don’t take orders from baby Gods.”
“So, who’s gonna play God?  How’s that even gonna work?”  Dean asked, devoid of any sign he was ever angry at all.  Hell, why would he be.  The kid was right.  He had Cas back.
“Yeah, probably not.”  Dean sighed, tapped the phone off and threw it on the passenger’s seat.  “Five more days.  Just hold on, buddy.”
Dean looked towards her and motioned towards the empty seat at the table.  “We’ve actually been waiting for you.  Sam was getting impatient.  He’s ready to get home.”
Sam ran his fingers through his hair then slid his packed bag across the table.  “Fine.  I’ll stay out of it.  But just answer one question:  What story are you writing, Jack?”
Sam nodded.  “Yup.  Said he’d wait in the car.  So, I figure that the discussion is done.  I’m not gonna ask any more questions.  He vouched for you, so that’s good for me.”
The entity took a step back and put tapped its lips with its index finger in thought.  It smiled.  “Fine, but let me warn you, Do you really believe that an actual angel would want you?”  It smirked.  “You don’t do you?  Not really.  Wouldn’t it be better to walk away thinking that he meant you, instead of waking him up just to hear the sad truth?”  The entity circled around him like a predator stalking its prey.  “You killed him, Dean.  You took away his real purpose, his real identity and used him as a tool.  See, in this place, I know what everyone thinks, how they really feel.  He doesn’t really love you, Dean.  You’re just a job, and a needy one at that.”
Dean threw the sandwich down and stared at Carl.  “The only thing I assumed was that you’d understand.”
“Look, I’m sure you’re all tired.”  She waved her hand toward the table of food.  “Eat, rest, talk, watch stupid old movies together…  Whatever it is you guys do.  I guess it doesn’t matter if I tell you a story.  But not yet.  I need to explore first.”  Really, she wasn’t all too sure that she should tell them anything.  These three seemed different.  More normal, less traumatized somehow.  “I’ll return tomorrow.  At that, she simply vanished.
“You never have to ask, Dean.”  Cas moved forward and placed a chaste kiss to Dean’s lips.  Dean smiled into it and deepened the kiss, forgetting they had an audience.
Dean clenched his jaw and took a breath.  “Sure, I’ll introduce you to the guy.  You can even exchange numbers and if by chance some pit boss decides we’re counting cards, I’ll have him give you a call.”
“No, it wasn’t.  But I took him from you twice.  I just didn’t think you’d want me there.  He made that deal because of me and I couldn’t get him to wake up.   I thought it would be better if you did it on your own.  I knew that the Empty would call me once you got in and I knew I could bargain with it.  I was just trying to help.  And it worked.  Cas is back.”  Jack took another cautious step and pulled Dean’s chair back out from under the table.  “Please, just sit.  I have something to ask all of you.  I need a favor.”
Dean couldn’t argue with that.  Afterall, the kid did deserve a chance to experience the world without all the baggage.  It didn’t really sit right with him, Jack being the new God.  Everyone should get to have a childhood, even if he never did.  “So, how do we make ourselves a part of your new life?  I mean we can’t just show up one day and announce ourselves as your three dads.  That would be more than a little creepy.  Kelly won’t remember either, right?”
Carl handed Dean a vial of grace that he’d gotten from a contact in Washington State.  “Dean, the guy I got this from said…”
“You really think we can all live some big, happy, normal life after everything?”  Dean asked, secretly impressed by the kid’s maturity.
“Because Eileen gets back Wednesday afternoon, and Sam will be busy.”  He shook his head and rolled his eyes again.  “Dude, stop with the pessimism, it’s all good.”
“Everyone has a choice.  You know exactly where Dean will be and when he will be there.  I won’t stop you if you insist on interfering.  I’m simply asking that you let Dean make his own choices.  Let him do this for him.  Don’t take his choice away from him.”
Yeah, it was a bitch move, but so was Dean going off on his own.  Chuck set all this in motion.  Even after he’d been defeated the mess he made of their lives just kept unraveling.  Dean had been devastated when he found out.  He believed Cas was just another pawn in Chuck’s stupid game and Sam knew it broke Dean’s heart a little.  Yeah, he knew exactly how that felt.  Truth be told, when he found out that Eileen was Chuck’s plant, it hurt.  But he knew in his heart that having her back in his life may have been Chuck’s doing, the feelings were very real.  Apparently, Cas was the most real thing in Dean’s life.  The one person who chose Dean entirely of his own free will.  Dean didn’t deserve to lose that.  “Look man, you seem like a good guy and a good friend.  And you’re right, Dean isn’t thinking straight.  Lets just change the plan a little by all sticking together to make sure no one gets dead.”
“They’re not.  They’re here for the meet and greet and some greasy food, then they are going home to do coupley things and you and I are going to gamble and drink.”  Dean declared over the top of the menu.  “I’m ready to order.”
“Don’t worry, Sammy.  Hunters are an easy sell.”  Dean laughed as he grabbed his jacket off the back of the chair, grabbed his keys, and headed out.
“The one thing that would make you happy.”  He shrugged.  “Stupid right?  I get it.  I mean, how could I make you happy?  I’m hard-headed and angry.  I eat too much junk food and I never listen.  I messed up so much and waited too damn long to tell you how important you are to me.  Go home, be a wavelength of light or whatever.”  He picked up Cas’ hand again.  “But know that you changed me too and… and I…I love you too.”
“He changed the father.”  She had been imprisoned by him and in the end, he’d completely betrayed her.  He was the prisoner now, stuck powerless and alone to remember how badly he failed in the end.  “And it seems he changed too.”
Dean took a step closer to jack.  “You think that’s all I’m mad about?  Buddy, maybe you’re the one who should take a seat.”  Dean pointed to the empty chair and moved back around to stand behind Cas.  “You made him choose.  Why?  Because you didn’t trust him not to interfere?”  I don’t get it.  What could we possibly do for you?”
It felt as though time was slowing down when Dean grasped those words, and in terror he watched Cas start to turn around. His body, which seemed to have been frozen on the spot the moment he had first heard Cas’s voice, acted before his mind had caught up. His feet rushed him over the wooden floorboards of the kitchen, and before he knew it, he had seized Cas’s wrist. “No, wait!” His voice was but a whisper.
He was the most beautiful creature Dean had ever laid eyes upon and he wanted to tell him as much, but all he could do was stand there and stare at him as tears of his own streamed down his cheeks.
“Dean?” Only slowly, the shock faded from Cas’s face, but he couldn’t hide the pain shimmering in his eyes. His voice seemed meek, lacking the confidence it had exuded only seconds ago.
Dean gasped, letting go of Cas’s wrist in shock. “Huh?” A different kind of confusion gripped him as he tried to make sense of what Cas was saying. “Why would you say that? Why would I not want to see you?” He didn’t understand. He would’ve thought that maybe Cas didn’t want to see
Eventually, Bobby broke the silence as he always did. “Look, if you want to keep suffering, be my guest. But at least stop feeling sorry for yourself while you’re at it, it’s a real buzzkill.”
Still, there was doubt in Cas’s eyes. Still, he hesitated. Still, he didn’t believe Dean. Searching, he scanned Dean’s face as though the truth was written on his skin. “What…
“No, Cas, that’s not it, that’s not it at all,” he heard himself whisper, but he couldn’t feel his jaw move as he spoke. It was as though he had lost control of his body, had completely lost all sense of feeling. The only thing left was the raging anger he held towards himself, an anger that burned hotter with every passing second he stared at Cas’s pain-ridden face.
“Yeah thanks for your words, they’re truly heartwarming.” He wasn’t angry at Bobby. He could never be angry at Bobby. He knew that he was trying his best to cheer him up, get him out of this dark pit he’d fallen into, when frankly, he should have been jumping for joy that Jack had brought Cas back from the Empty. That he was here, in heaven, just a prayer away. Still, Dean felt powerless. Hopeless, trapped in his own fears and regrets, unable to get out of the swamp he was sinking in deeper and deeper every day.
“It’s not that. You’ve always forgiven me even when I didn’t deserve it.” He had even forgiven Dean for failing him.
They stayed silent until the sun had set beyond the small lake, until the bottoms of their bottles had spilled their last drop and the night chilled Dean to the bone; not for the actual being cold (the concept of temperature didn’t seem to exist in heaven) but more that the loss of sunlight took with it every last ounce of warmth he felt on the inside. He watched Bobby get up to gather some firewood and pile it in the sooty metal barrel. It had taken him awhile, Bobby had told him after they had reunited, but he had made that fire his bitch. It didn’t take him long to get the flames licking at the edge of the barrel now, the wood crackling as it burned away slowly.
that he had long forgiven him. “And about the Empty… I knew back when I took that deal to save Jack that there would be no way out for me – and I never even expected to find a moment of true happiness to begin with. As you know.” He rubbed his neck once more in that endearingly awkward fashion. “I never meant to put that burden on you, Dean. It was never yours to bear. It was my choice to make that deal, and it was my choice to summon the Empty. To save your life. None of it is your fault, it never was. You couldn’t have saved me, no matter how hard you tried. I’m sorry you took that burden on yourself.” At the last sentence, his voice wavered.
“If by ‘through this’ you mean I tell you to go talk to Cas, and you just brush me off with those sad little puppy eyes while you try and convince yourself there’s no other way than endless suffering
Surprised, Cas halted in his movement, turning back around to Dean. He looked down to where Dean’s hand grasped his wrist, then met his gaze.  “I… I don’t understand,” he said, confusion finally mixing with the sorrow. “I assumed the last person you wanted to see was me.”
“I don’t even know why I kept it in for so long. I still don’t think I deserve you, I don’t. But I’m tired, Cas. I’m tired of making up reasons why I can’t have this. I’m tired of hurting, and hurting you. You’re my best friend, but you’re also so much more than that, and you don’t even know it.” He was the goddamn love of his life, and yet he was still convinced he meant so little to Dean. Something Dean knew he only had himself to blame for, because he had never spoken the truth in his heart. Until now. “I couldn’t possibly have found happiness, because you were gone. You were gone and I didn’t even get a chance to tell you how I truly felt. I never got to say it.” Finally, Dean felt like a ton of weight was starting to lift off his chest. Finally, he felt like he could breathe again. For the first time in years, and the first time since he had gone to heaven, he felt truly at peace, truly free.
“I- uhm…” His voice was hoarse, the lump seemed to choke him. His thoughts were racing to the point he felt like he was losing his mind.
Cas’s look was one of strong disapproval, but at least the tears had stopped, though they were now replaced by his previous confusion. “But then I don’t understand… If you don’t blame me for not being there to heal you, and you didn’t avoid me because of the things I told you, then why?”
He closed his eyes as the pain seemed to overwhelm him, tears pressing at the insides of his lids, but he knew that hiding away would not erase his failures. It would not make up for all the ways in which he had screwed Cas over. “And to top it all off, I couldn’t even repay you for what you did that day. You gave your life to save me, to save the whole damn world. A-And I couldn’t even save you. I couldn’t even bring you back.” He had tried everything. Sam had wanted him to let it rest, but Dean hadn’t been able to. He had tried to find a way to summon the Empty, to figure out a way to make a deal, so it would bring Cas back. He had tried the reapers, he had tried angels, demons, Rowena. He had even tried praying to Jack, but Jack hadn’t responded, not a single time. Eventually, Dean had been forced to give up on Cas, to find a way to live without him.
Drawing in his breath, Dean bent forward, closing his eyes. Gingerly, he pressed his lips against Cas’s. He felt him freeze below his touch, but lingered for a few more seconds in order to make sure that he got the message loud and clear this time around.
“No, Cas, stop!” Finally, his body responded to his signals. He closed the gap between them, cupping Cas’s cheek and wiping away his tear with his thumb. The last thing he had wanted was for Cas to feel guilty in return. It had never been his fault. “How could you even say something like that?” Softly, he caressed his cheek with his thumb as though he could soothe him that way and keep his other tears at bay. He still didn’t know what he was doing – how to do things right – but the fear had evaporated the moment he had felt his legs move, the moment he had finally touched Cas’s face.
His hand was shaking visibly as he pulled open the refrigerator door and buried his head inside to look for new bottles of beer between the casseroles (Ellen was hell-bent on making sure that Bobby didn’t starve – not that he could, but that seemed to be beside the point), bottles of milk, and juice.
Once again, Cas understood him without words, as though he had read his mind. Once again, he tilted his head. The smile vanished and a whole new form of sadness glistered in those beautiful eyes. “You’re right, that’s not it,” he mused, “It’s that you haven’t forgiven yourself.”
Finally, he found his voice. “How could I? I kept treating you like shit, over and over again. And I never even got a chance to make it up to you, any of it. I couldn’t even repay you for saving my life, for saving the whole fucking world. Instead, I failed you one last time, you, the last person I ever wanted to─”
Dean took another gulp. “I can’t, Bobby, I just can’t. Cas literally─” He cast his eyes down guiltily, the pain roaring in his chest like a starving beast, “He literally sacrificed his life for me, a-and I just went and screwed it up. How can I even look him in the eye after throwing both our lives away like that?”
“Oh that’s right,” Bobby mused, his tone stoic, his face unwavering. He raised his index finger, pointing between Cas and Dean. “It’s you boys. You’re gonna fix that thing between you right now. And don’t either of you dare leave this kitchen until you’ve gotten your damn heads straight.
Sighing, Dean rose from his camping seat. Beer was always a good enough idea, especially when he didn’t want to put up with his own thoughts and feelings. Still, he couldn’t help but feel guilty that he was always shooting down the people around him, when all they did was worry about him. He turned around, halfway to the house, “Look, Bobby, I appreciate what you’re trying to do here. But thing is… I just gotta figure this crap out by myself.” He wasn’t going to ‘figure things out’ by himself, he knew as much. He also knew that Bobby knew. But avoiding it until the pain was tearing him apart seemed so much easier than trying to sort out this whole cluster fuck by himself. Nobody could help him when his mind was his own worst enemy, after all.
“Dying wasn’t your fault, no one could’ve anticipated that. It was just a case of bad luck, that’s all. That’s hardly your fault, son. And Cas is fine, you know Jack put him back together and all,” Uncomprehending, Bobby shook his head, “I think there’s something else going on, and you’re too much of a coward to face it.”
Dean jerked as he heard the voice. His head collided with the upper frame of the fridge, but where a sharp pain should’ve shot through his skull, there was nothing. Another perk of being in heaven – there was literally no pain anywhere. Except for the pain he felt rip through his heart at that voice. That rough, deep voice. That awfully familiar voice.
“I also don’t want you to feel like you owe me. I chose to summon the Empty to save your life. I don’t ever want you to feel like you have to measure up to that, like you have to repay me.” Cas’s gaze fell to the floor, as did his voice to a whisper. “I did it because I love you. Because I couldn’t bear the idea of Billie killing you. And, I know… I know you don’t feel the same way about me. I mean, I never had any delusions about that. I always knew I couldn’t have you. I- I always knew you saw me as your best friend, nothing more.” Cas gnawed at his lower lip, lowering his head in shame. In terror, Dean realized that he still hadn’t been able to convey to Cas how he actually felt.
He took a deep breath, placing the empty bottles on the kitchen counter. He knew dwelling on it when he wasn’t anywhere near drunk was a bad idea. But sadly, he couldn’t get drunk in heaven. So there was no way for him to even get in the state where he’d be able to silence his anxiety long enough to actually find the courage to deal with things. Why did things have to be so screwed up and complicated? Why couldn’t he live in some winter wonderland with a white picket fence and his own damned happy ending? He shouldn’t even be here. This was not how he had pictured the evening – hell, the afterglow – of his life. Not anymore. He had come to
He shook his head. “I’m not good at this crap. At talking… at just… figuring this out. I don’t know.” At accepting that maybe he deserved some happiness of his own. That maybe, it hadn’t been his burden to bear, just like Cas had said. “I keep trying to tell you, I-I should’ve said all these things ages ago but I can’t seem to get the words out. And you’re right, I can’t forgive myself – not for failing you the way I did. It’s why I kept avoiding you because I just can’t wrap my head around how I could possibly make all this shit up to you. Because I didn’t even know how to say I’m sorry. I didn’t even know how to thank you for saving my life. Or to respond to the things you told me.”
Looking like a lost puppy, Cas stared at him, completely stiff beneath his touch. The tears were still shimmering in his eyes, a sight that threatened to break Dean’s heart yet again. He’d lost count of how often he had felt it rip apart in his chest, had always been sure that one day it’d stop beating, too exhausted from all the pain to go on. But now, he felt strength seep through his body, licking at the cracks in his heart, his soul. “None of it is true, Cas. You’ve got it all wrong.” Holding his breath, he propped his forehead against Cas’s. Cas didn’t move; he didn’t withdraw, which gave Dean enough courage to keep going. “I know I’m to blame for giving you these kinds of ideas – and don’t say I’m not – but I just need you to know they’re not true. And please don’t blame yourself, either. You can’t, you hear me? Not ever.” The thought of Cas being filled with the same guilt he was carrying around day in, day out, tore Dean apart. It was not something he could stand idly by and let happen. He wouldn’t.
The frown on Cas’s forehead vanished. He opened his mouth to speak, but was unable to get a single syllable out. Instead, he just stared at Dean as new tears formed in his eyes. Yet Dean knew these were a different kind of tears. For the first time, there was no pain hidden in them. There was only joy. A joy that struck him like a lightning bolt, sending warm sparks throughout his whole body. He felt tears of his own in his eyes as he watched Cas break out into the most breathtaking smile he had ever seen on the angel’s face. He was
Dean shut the refrigerator. Unlike Cas, he was already putting two and two together. His heart began to race. He wasn’t ready for this. No matter how many nights he lay awake, no matter how often he’d rehearsed this moment, he had never been prepared. And now, here Cas was, standing right in front of him because Bobby had decided that he’d grown tired of Dean’s avoidance, his inability to act on his feelings.
blaming himself for everything, and cursing the world and its twisted sense of humor at the same time. To think, all he had ever wanted had been within reach this entire time, and now, he couldn’t have it anymore. Not the way he had wanted it. It truly was the cruelest joke of them all.
about him. “Nah. We’ve been through this, Bobby,” he said quietly. They’d been talking about this every day, ever since Dean had gotten him up to speed on what had happened on earth the weeks before he had met his untimely demise. He had also talked to Charlie about this. Of course both of them kept encouraging him to talk to him, to ‘sort things out’, but they couldn’t possibly understand that things simply weren’t that easy. They had never been that easy for Dean – for the both of them.
Cas’s eyes narrowed as he tilted his head. But the emotion Dean saw on his face wasn’t confusion – it was sorrow. He looked as lost as Dean felt, and Dean realized that in all his little scenarios, Cas had never looked like this. He had never looked
Dean startled from his stupor as a brown glass bottle was pushed into his field of vision. He blinked, unaware that he had spaced out. Disoriented he glanced upward, past the bottle of beer that was held out to him. Below his usual baseball cap that was fringing at the edges, Bobby scrutinized him with a piercing look. Dean had seen that look too many times the last few weeks. And like every other time, he averted his gaze.
Slowly, Dean turned around, rising behind the concealment the fridge door offered him. And there he was, standing below the kitchen lamp, the worn (but not dirty) trench coat swaying around his legs at the soft breeze of the kitchen door opening.
And the biggest part, the reason for all of this, had always been Cas. And then he had been taken away from him. Dean had thought he’d lost him forever. He should’ve been thrilled to hear he was alive, he should’ve immediately rushed to meet him, to tell him all those things weighing on his heart.
“Then what is it?” Once again, Cas looked away, as though he couldn’t bear to even look him in the eye. “Is it because I didn’t come to save you? Dean, I swear if I had known, I would’ve been there immediately. After Jack put me back together, heaven was a mess. I was an even bigger mess, after the Empty had… I-I should’ve been there for you. But I wasn’t and now you’re… you’re dead, and it’s─”
” He didn’t leave any room for objections. He glared at them menacingly (which had Dean shiver in dreadful anticipation), turned around, and slammed the door shut behind himself loudly.
“And I was okay with that. I was okay knowing I’d die to save the man I love. All I ever wanted for you was to be happy, to repay me by finding true happiness of your own, live your life to the fullest. Because you deserve it, Dean, you truly do. You don’t deserve to feel responsible for any of this, you don’t deserve to beat yourself up over it. I-I never meant to put all this weight on you.” Again, tears were welling up in his eyes. Desperately, Dean watched one drop slip out the corner of his eye and roll down his cheek. The pain was back in Cas’s eyes, and the sight crushed Dean. He had cried, too, back when he had first confessed his feelings to Dean. When he had first spoken those incredible and unbelievable words.
“We met in Vegas about ten or so years ago.  We kept in touch a little over the years.”  Carl finally supplied after the silence had lasted too long.  “Dean said you were doing ‘some hippy thing’ or something.”  Technically it was true.  “I don’t know nothing about any hunting.  Just gambling and beer.  Yup.”  He elbowed Dean to leave the booth.  “I gotta pee.  Get up”
Maybe that was the whole point.  People weren’t supposed to keep coming back.  Death is supposed to be the end.  Sam brushed a few strands of her hair behind her ear.  “If it were you, he’d follow me to the end of the universe and beyond to help get you back.”
Dean’s eye roll was epic.  “I don’t want him involved in this… at all.  He’s out.  You and me are the only ones that can be involved in this.  We sell it as a trip to Atlantic City… Guys night out.  Clear?”
“No Cas, this time I talk and you listen, ok? I have some things I need to say to you and I think it’s time you heard them.”
He took a deep breath, before bringing the glass back to his lips and knocking back the remnants of his whiskey. As he stood from the couch, he turned to Cas and gestured with the glass, the universal sign of asking if your drinking partner needed a refill. Cas nodded, handing over his glass to Dean, before leaning over to scoop up the empty glasses set out on the small table in front of them. He quickly stood, and followed Dean to the kitchen, their glasses clinking as they moved.They stepped down into the kitchen, and placed the glasses on the counter, before Dean moved towards the fridge.
He eyed Cas to see if the joke had landed. Judging by the upturn of the corner of Cas’ mouth and the crinkling of the skin around his eyes, he’d been successful.
“When we were fighting the apocalypse, the first time, I sat with you on a park bench and confided in you that I had doubts. That I had feelings. That was the only time I confessed it to anyone and actually meant it. If I wasn’t already involved in your cause, that would have convinced me to join you.”
But that wasn’t Bobby’s place to interfere. God only knew he had done enough of that in his lifetime, and that had only got him dead. Dean was still staring off into the distance, clearly a lot on his mind. They sat in companionable silence, sipping on the cheap beers that Bobby had in the cooler at their feet. Time moved on, not that they could have accurately measured it in any meaningful way. Whole lifetimes could have passed while they sat there. Eventually though, Dean shifted and cleared his throat.
Jack nodded then turned back to the TV, clutching the fresh drink that Cas had placed into his hand. Sam had wandered over to sit next to him, not before he flashed Dean a look that was full of a meaning that he couldn’t pretend to not see anymore. And for the second time, in a relatively short space of time, Dean came to an important decision about what he wanted from his future. Turning back to Cas, he downed the rest of his whiskey, before grabbing Cas’ arm and pulling him away from the noise coming from the TV.
“This is a prayer for Castiel. I’m here, man. In Heaven, which you probably already knew but….. Where are you, man? I thought you’d…. I mean, I know that you’re busy but….. God, has this always been this difficult?”
He smiled as he looked over at Dean, his eyes soft and full of affection that Dean was damn sure no demon would be able to fake.
“You’re damn right. It’s a night of celebration and you can’t do that while you’re sat on your own. Trust me, I know.”
“He was there when I got pulled out of the lock up. Him and Jack. They’ve been making sure that each new soul settles in their respective corners of heaven, not that they have much work. A lot of people have got a lot of people waiting for them. Makes their job kind of easy.”
They stayed there, pressed up against the side of the card for a long time, neither willing to pull away from the other, only separating for a few seconds at a time until the pull of the other was too much to resist. Dean couldn’t believe how weightless he felt, he had told Cas how much he loved him and now Cas was in his arms, his hands scratching at Dean’s scalp and his body pressed deliciously against his own. Dean rested their foreheads together and pulled at Cas’ white shirt, until he could rest his hands on the warm expanse of Cas’ hips, his thumbs rubbing idly across the skin.
When he looked back up at Cas, the small smile was still there but there was something sad around Cas’ eyes, that caused Dean’s stomach to flip-flop.
He bit down on his lower lip, his thumb stroking Cas’s cheek again. He smiled as he felt the stubble below his fingertip, as he breathed in his familiar scent of honey and summer. Instead of hurting, his heart was racing now, beating so stupidly fast that he was sure it would jump out of his chest any second. Oh how he had missed feeling this way. No one else had ever made his heart beat this fast, had made it ache so deeply with a longing he couldn’t even describe if he had been better with words altogether. “You are my best friend,” he resumed, retreating an inch to look at Cas, who still looked utterly confused. He opened his mouth to reply, but Dean covered his lips with his thumb, keeping him from speaking. “Please let me finish. I need to say this. God knows I should’ve told you this back in the bunker when Billie was after us. Hell, even long before that.” His stomach fluttered, the butterflies barely kept at bay by the last remnants of his anxiety.
Bobby scoffed again. He was scoffing a lot these days. “How about you get us another beer?” Demanding, he held out his empty bottle to Dean.
He so hadn’t been ready for this. All the scenarios which he had thought up escaped his mind, rendering him speechless and immobile.
Breathlessly, Cas retreated much too soon. His cheeks were flushed red, and the smile was back on his face. The touch of his fingertips caressing Dean’s cheeks felt like a summer’s breeze, soft and warm. Loving. “Of course I’ll have you.”
“You need to stop saying such things, Jimmy. It’s false. I was looking at that man no way other than friendly and for a suitable amount of time, you know that things like that is forbidden so- “
Castiel watched the young man leave, curiosity tugging at his mind. He’d never seen him before. He must have been new. It was a small town, and everybody was at least aware of who lived next door. He blinked a few times when he realised that the man was out of sight. How long was he staring out there for? He couldn’t help it, there was something about him that just grabbed his attention. Shaking his head, he went over to the Pastor. When he caught sight of Castiel, the saddened look on his face was replaced with a warm and inviting smile.
“Of fucking course.” The young man mumbled too himself a little too loudly, getting a scolding look from an elderly lady sitting across from him. He mumbled a quiet, ‘sorry’, checking his watch before packing up his things and heading for the library’s exit. It was almost noon. He’d have to find out more about the church later, for the moment what he had to focus on was making it to the diner and getting whatever info he could out of his blue-eyed mystery man.
“Yeah, whatever. What I mean is, that was some major eye candy waltzin’ out of that church today, right?” Jimmy wiggled his eyebrows, a smirk present on his face.
Hey! I do hope that you enjoyed this chapter. It is my first attempt to writing a multi chapter fic on here and I'm excited to see where it goes.
“I thought I’d come in today since I have a bit of spare time. I just got off school. It could really do me some good, coming in here as much as possible. Confessing will keep me from further sin.” The Pastor raised a brow but didn’t comment further, just guided the young man into the confession booth.
“Yes, they were regulars, they came as often as they could to show their faith. They were good souls. God knows they didn’t deserve what happened to them.”
“I assume you’ve heard of the murders that have been happening in this town recently?” Dean saw the opportunity and wasn’t going to let it pass him by. “Yeah, I have, tragic. You know, now that you mention it, I actually have some questions about that… if you don’t mind?” The Pastor gave a quick nod and motioned for Dean to take a seat on the pew, placing himself beside him. “What is it you’d like to know? I’ll try to answer what I can.”
Once outside, Dean slid himself into the driver’s side of his Baby. He let out a breath of air, his hands digging through his extensive collection of cassette tapes, pulling out his favourite Zeppelin one and putting it into the player. He rested his hand on the wheel as the tune to ‘Ramble On’ starts up, looking to the road with a slight up-turn to his lips. “Been a while since I played dress up.”
The other guy nodded anyway, a curious look spreading across his face before it just dropped all together.
He went downstairs, seating himself in front of one of the plates of food. His mother smiled at him before reaching out her hand to take his. His father did the same, only minus the smile. Of course. The family closed their eyes as Naomi began saying grace.
“Alright, alright.” Jimmy put his hands up in mock defence, giving a roll to his eyes as he walked closer to Castiel.
They were in there for a while, Castiel dancing around the topic of what is truly bothering him. The Pastor didn’t press on it though which he was thankful for. He thanked the man before stepping out of the booth.
“Jimmy, I am trying to enjoy my meal.” He hissed at the other man, trying to be as quiet as possible. Jimmy looked at his plate before meeting his eyes.
“Welcome, father. I haven’t seen you around these parts before, what brings you to this little neck of the woods?” Dean gives the older man a friendly smile, coming up with one of his bullshit excuses on the spot. “Oh, you know, the lord works in mysterious ways.” He looked up to the tall ceiling of the church, before back down at the Pastor who looked like he understood what he was saying.
When he was about to leave the church’s, he noticed another man, his face turned to the ground. He looked like the regular church goer type. When he looked up from the ground, the young man’s eyes darted from Dean to the Pastor and then back to Dean. Dean gasped quietly, hoping the sound didn’t reach anyone else. But he couldn’t help it, those eyes. They were the prettiest shade of blue he’d ever seen on another person, he felt like he could stare into them all day and not even get bored, they were like-
Adjusting the collar of his priest outfit, he walks into the church, a bible in hand. He thought that it would add to the outfit and make him look more church-y. The Pastor noticed him almost as soon as he walked through the door, saying a polite goodbye to the person he was talking to before turning his attention to Dean, giving him a quick once over.
“Castiel.” The young man stiffened at the deep sound of his father’s voice behind him. He turned around to look up at him, being seemingly towered by the older man. “Father.” He said in response, the other just nodded and went in the direction of the dining room. Castiel let out a breath he hadn’t known he was holding and decided to head upstairs to his room while dinner was being prepared.
“I was just calling to see if we could meet up. You know, since you wanted to ask me some questions?”
The hunter was suddenly awake as he answers, “Yeah, that’s right. I’m glad you made use of the number I gave you.”
It barely felt like a minute after closing his eyes before he was woken up by the buzzing of a phone beside his head. Dean groans, all he wanted to do was close his eyes again, he really thought that was going to be a decent night of sleep. Turns out, the nightmares didn’t want to leave him even for a second. Sitting up, vision blurry, he aimlessly reached for the phone. As he squinted at the screen, his eyes were met with an unknown number. Without a second thought he answered, greeting the person on the other end with a voice that sounds exactly as you’d expect a voice would sound after someone had just woken up.
“Thank you, I hope I get to speak with you soon.” Dean dipped his head, dismissing himself before his legs guided him out of the church. With every step he could feel those piercing eyes on him even as he grew further away
Dean spent the next half an hour listening to the Pastor go on about weird deaths in the town, most of it sounded fairly tame to him though, nothing that might have resulted in an angry spirit. He thanked him, anyway, standing from the pew and shaking the other man’s hand.
Saying that Castiel’s family was religious was an understatement… The family was made to pray every night and say grace before all meals otherwise they would not be allowed to eat. When Castiel was younger, he had defied saying grace and went to bed with an empty stomach. Castiel now said it even when he was getting lunch at school, quietly to himself, it was just a habit that he kind of hated. He never said it aloud though, he didn’t want to think about the hell that would break loose.
Running a hand down his face, Dean took a few steps toward the motel bed, flopping unceremoniously down onto it. He made a minimal effort to strip out of his clothes, becoming tangled in them a few times, groaning in annoyance. Once he had finally escaped the cloth prison and he was down to his boxers, he closed his eyes. It wasn’t that hard, it had gotten to the point where it hurt to keep them open. His breathing regulated as he quickly felt himself drift off into the world of the unconscious.
“Castiel! Come down for dinner!” His father’s voice boomed from downstairs, making goosebumps form on the young man’s.
“I uh- I just need to talk to the Pastor and get home, I can’t be late, I’m sorry.” His words were genuine, and Dean didn’t want to keep him if he had to be somewhere. “Oh, yeah, of course. Alright, well do you mind if I give you my number? Maybe I can pick your brain a little later?” He didn’t get a response right away, so he just took it as a yes as he pulled a card with his phone number written across it from his pocket and passed it to the slightly shorter man. The card was taken from his hand with only a fraction of hesitation.
“Right, I’ll meet up with you in a few days. Call me if you need anything or if something important comes up. And hey, maybe try to get laid, you’ve been a little tense lately.” Sam throws him one of his bitch-faces as Dean opens the motel room door, so he gives him a grin in return, one foot already outside.
“Bless us, O Lord, and these, thy gifts, which we are about to receive from Thy bounty…” Castiel and his father both join in and they all say their grace before ending with, “Amen.”
The man returned his expression and shook his hand before speaking. “Hello, Father…” His voice was gravelly and rough in a way, and it literally gave Dean goosebumps. He coughed, determined to not get distracted from the task at hand. “Winchester. Father Winchester, I suppose uh- I’m new in town. Just arrived today, actually.” The blue-eyed man nodded his head in understanding. “Well I hope you enjoy yourself here, it’s a… lovely town.” He smiled again but this time there was something behind it that the hunter couldn’t describe.
“So, Castiel, how is school going?” Castiel was now attending a university not too far from town to further branch out his knowledge and graduate with a medical degree to his name. He didn’t hate this career path chosen for him, but he couldn’t help but wonder what he could be doing if he did something that he would have chosen for himself.
“Just let it go, okay? Like Father said, they want what’s best for me and that’s all that matters. My only duty is to be a good son to them.” The other’s face seemed to drop, and Castiel could feel the disappointment radiating from him.
“You know, you don’t have to do what they want, right?” Castiel jumped in his seat as he heard the voice beside him, almost spitting the beverage from his mouth. Both his mother and father gave him weird looks, but Castiel gave them what he hoped was a reassuring smile and they turned back to their food.
“Ah, it’s nothing, you probably wouldn’t believe it anyway. I’m not sure that I do.” The hunter looked at him, “Try me.”
“Mother?” He called out, loud enough that she could hear but not too loud to avoid bothering his father. He heard her respond from the kitchen.
“Hello?” At first there was no response so he thinks that maybe they misdialled, it wouldn’t be the first time that had happened, but then he hears a familiar voice on the other end of the line.
“Jimmy?” He said in a hushed tone before deciding to just drop it. Leave it to Jimmy to be creepy for literally no reason at all. “Seriously?”
The older man let out a defeated hum at Dean’s silence. “Like I said, it’s nothing that any normal person would believe.” Dean gave a small nod of his own, keeping a mental note of all the things the older man was saying while trying to appear as sympathetic as he possibly could. “I know this must be difficult to talk about, especially to someone you’ve never even met but do you think you could tell me more about the victims? Connections, what they did, things like that? Oh, and if you know about any deaths that occurred before all of these recent ones, one’s that would be considered ‘weird’, I’d really appreciate hearing about them.” The Pastor gave Dean another questioning look but agreed to talk some more anyway which Dean was thankful for.
“Fine, I’ll ‘let it go.” He spat out, making air quotations with his fingers. And then he did as he was told, the rest of the night went on smoothly without another word from Jimmy, the family eating their dinner with minimal conversation as usual.
“I’d say that it is going well, the classes are pleasant, and I have already learned a lot there. I am making great progress.” His father gave a nod, “That’s good, we want nothing but the best for you, Castiel. And you graduating from this school, becoming a successful doctor, is definitely heading towards that greatness.” Castiel gave a small smile, but his mouth felt a little dry suddenly, so he reached for his glass on the table and took a sip of water.
Eventually he stumbled across a website that had information on the town’s biggest church, which was only their only church for that matter. Dean rolled his eyes exaggeratively at that but continued reading. Honestly, if he thought about it, he probably should have looked closely into it sooner. The site said that the church had been built in 1987. And before it was built, the area beneath it had been a cemetery. No matter how hard he looked into that piece of information, he could not find anything on
“That new priest. Don’t even act like you weren’t staring for a second longer than normal, I saw you. I hated to see him go, but you loved to watch him leave. He had pretty eyes, right? They kinda looked like little emeralds in the sunlight. Oh, and those freckles, I wonder how far down they go.” Castiel forced down a blush and gave the other blue-eyed man a face of utter disgust.
“And the other place I… Father at…. Thought it would be good if I came down here, come check out the place?” He winces, mentally kicking himself as the words left his mouth.
“I’ll be down once I wash up!” He called back, quickly making his way to the bathroom. While washing his hands, he glanced up into the mirror only to see Jimmy standing right behind him.
Dean grimaces as he takes a sip of his now cold coffee, looking down at the watch on his left wrist. It was already too late to head down to the library at that point, so he made a mental note to attempt to get up early the next morning. He wanted to be in and out, preferably at a time where it wasn’t overly crowded to avoid being asked questions. He sighed inwardly, he really wished he had a laptop right about now.
Castiel is a boy who lives in a small and quiet town full of religious families, his included. He liked it in that small quiet town. He grew up there, went to school there, saw other people make friends there… he was never the type to have friends, he was a bit of a loner all throughout school. He focused on his studies more than anything, he had to work hard so he could get into the medical field to make his parents proud, so he considered the fact that he had no distractions a blessing. He had one person he talked to, although sometimes he thought he could be a bad influence on him, but he kept him company. And he was okay with that life in that small and quiet town, living in his house with his perfect family, cracking down on his studies, attending the church every Sunday and whenever his father suggested they should pay an extra visit. That was until the biggest distraction of all decided to crash down into his life in a way that was anything but smooth.
“I think it might be to just try and make myself happy. Y’know, just doing something every day to make myself feel happy. Even if it’s just something small, but if it makes me happy then why shouldn’t I do it?”
Cas swallowed, staring directly at Dean with his eyes wide and still full of fear, but he nodded slowly and stopped trying to step away from him.
“Why are people saying that they need to find someone to kiss? Is this a New Years tradition on Earth?”
“I saw that in your memories, when I rebuilt you all those years ago. I remember not understanding the significance of the memory, but I think I do now. You’re a social animal, leaving you on your own is an act of cruelty almost, especially at this time of year. Although, I have to confess, I still don’t understand why you humans insist on placing such significance on what is essentially an ordinary day. You put so much pressure on yourselves because of it, it’s odd.”
“I mean, I wasn’t expecting you to be standing there with a welcome wagon, but when you didn’t come to find me, I guess I panicked. After everything that happened, it felt too much like rejection. And I can’t take that, not from you anyway.”
“Okay, so when we were in the bunker and you said that the one thing that you want is something that you can’t have? Yeah, that was a load of crap. But, I know that I never said anything before, so maybe you didn’t know, and that’s on me, but I’m saying it now.”
Dean steps out of the car, looking around himself at the valley that has opened up on either side of the bridge. At the trees in their varying shades of orange, yellow and red, and the river running underneath the bridge and at the clouds moving slowly across the sky. He goes to move over to the railing, but something holds him in place. He quickly swings around, his eyes meeting Cas’, who has also stepped out of the car and is currently leaning on his arms, stretched across the roof with a small smile on his face. Something in Dean settles again at the sight, even as his stomach clenches at the sight of the love pouring from Cas.
“I think he wanted you to see an old familiar face first. Rather than him. So he left me the job of watching out for you. He’ll be around.”
“Oh, Dean. I am so sorry that I made you feel that way. It was not my intention that my absence would hurt you in any way. I had thought that when you first got here, you would want time to get settled, see your family again before anything else.”
Dean snorted out a laugh, opening his eyes again and lowering himself to sit on the floor, stretching his legs out in front of him and watching Cas do the same out of the corner of his eye. They sat together, watching the flowers bob in the breeze before Dean turned his head and looked at Cas.
“Thought the message would have got to him by now. Although, maybe he’s changed his mind and he doesn’t lo- I mean, he doesn’t want to see me anymore.”
Cas trailed off, the fear in his eyes bringing Dean scrambling to his feet, and striding forwards until he stood in front of Cas, who was still flicking his eyes in every direction but not looking at Dean. Dean reached out and gripped the tops of Cas’s arms tightly, his heart rejoicing at the contact as he tried to catch Cas’ eye.
If the blunt honesty of Dean’s statement surprised Cas, he didn’t show it. Only smiled again, and then pulled the passenger side door open. He tilted his head at Dean, who quickly stepped around the front of the car,only pausing to press a kiss to Cas’s lips again, the novelty of the act still not having worn off at all. Soon, he was sliding into the driver’s seat and Cas was sitting as he had done so many times on Earth, gazing out the windscreen with his hands folded in his lap. Dean felt his heart flutter in his chest and he shook his head at the soft feeling that had settled over him for the first time in years, but couldn’t seem to wipe the smile from his lips. Cas seemed to be having the same issue, breaking out into a grin each time he caught Dean’s eye and flushing as he turned his head away.
At this, he turned to face Cas and winked at him, causing Cas to huff out a laugh and roll his eyes. Dean smiled to himself, warmth flooding through his chest at the sight of the smile still gracing Cas’ features and at the knowledge that he was the one who had put it there.
Dean stood silently for a second, the lemon held forgotten in his hand. He didn’t quite know how to unravel all of that, especially the knowledge that Cas has apparently been able to flick through all of his memories after pulling him out of Hell. He decided to shrug it off, just for today, in honour of the festive spirit that still seeped through the halls of the bunker.
He breathed softly, pulling the scent of Cas into his lungs and holding it there for as long as he could.
Dean stayed silent for a second, focusing on measuring out the right amount of gin for Sam’s fancy cocktail. That completed, he turned to look at Cas, leaning his hip against the counter and shoving one hand into his pocket.
They didn’t know how long they had been driving for, when Dean started to feel a tug on his soul. It started off small before it quickly became too strong to ignore. Cas catches him one day, rubbing at his chest, a small grimace on his face. When Dean feels his gaze on the side of his face, he plasters a smile on and tries to bluff his way out of Cas’ questioning. But of course, Cas knows him better than anyone else in the world and he isn’t fooled for one second. Before Dean can even begin to think of an excuse, Cas has reached over and linked their fingers, pulling them over to rest on his thigh.
He didn’t know how long he had been driving for, the miles running down as the scenery passed him by. There were moments when he could almost recognise where he was but at others, he could have been anywhere in the world and would have been none the wiser. As he drove, his mind wandered over his life, the good and the bad, and he slowly but surely made his peace. As the wooded areas flashed past his window, he found himself making plans for his time now that he had the rest of eternity to spend up here. He wondered how exactly Heaven would work now, the exact changes Jack had made that would apparently make their existence in Paradise worth the pain and heartbreak they had sustained on Earth. Eventually though, he couldn’t ignore the thing he wanted to think about any more. He pulled the car off the road at the side of a large meadow, full of flowers.
Dean has only a second to register this before Cas’ hands are grasping his cheeks and pulling him towards Cas. But all rational thought flies out of Dean’s mind at the feeling of Cas’ lips against his own, for a second he can barely move before his brain kicks back in and he is reaching with his own hands and pulling Cas as close as he can do. Their kiss turns frantic as they try and taste as much of each other as possible, before it turns gentle again, their hands caressing each other before they pull back and rest their heads against each other.
They smiled at each other again, before Cas pressed his lips gently against Dean’s, before stepping back out of the circle of his arms. Dean immediately felt the loss, and had to fight the urge to pull Cas back against his body. Cas was still smiling at him and gestured towards the car.
The question almost took him by surprise. Almost. But Bobby did always have a way of seeing through him, which he was grateful for in that moment. He scanned the area in front of the Roadhouse again, hoping that the figure he was looking for would have suddenly appeared in the seconds since he had last looked. Instead, his eyes widened as he saw his Baby. His pride and joy. Calm settled over his nerves and he realised what he wanted. Swinging his head back over to look at Bobby again, he replied;
Here Cas huffed out a laugh that sounded slightly wet, as if he was trying to hide the fact that he was crying.
He was proud of Jack for what he had created in Heaven, ensuring that it was finally the peaceful resting ground that had been promised all this time. And it was impressive to see the kid stretching his new God powers and seeing what he could do with them. The kid had turned out alright, despite his fears and his apprehension, and Dean had never been more happy to be proven wrong. But then Bobby had said the one thing that had hurt more than dying, more than leaving Sam behind;
“Dean, I don’t know how to prove to you that I am real. I am the same Castiel that you knew on Earth. Please, just look at me and you will see that.”
He could hear the countdown starting in the background, and a trickle of fear was starting to make itself known in his gut but he pressed on. Cas was looking straight at him, as he always does, a shadow of confusion still in his eyes, but also a growing realisation, like he had guessed where Dean was going with all of this.
Bobby raised his bottle to him, and he hauled himself out of his seat and propelled himself towards his car. As he approached the driver’s side, he ran his hand across the lines of the car that had been his home since he was four years old. She was just as beautiful as ever, and he knew without looking that if he was to take her apart; she would be an exact replica of his Baby down on Earth. He pulled the door open, slid into the driver's seat and pulled the door closed behind him. Running his hands over the steering wheel and seat, he felt peace for the first time since he had realised he was dying. He pressed a button on the radio and the opening strains of an old Kansas song drifted through the speakers. His smile widened to a grin as he put the car into drive and pulled away.
Dean finished his short speech looking back at the ground, his breathing speeding up again, but slowing when he felt the warm hand on his shoulder again. He took a deep, shuddering breath and began to address his knees;
He waited for a hint that Cas might have heard him, before lifting his head from his arms. Taking a quick look around, there was still no sign of the angel and Dean felt a cold dread settle in his stomach. So, maybe this was it. Maybe Cas had finally decided he had had enough, maybe he had finally seen what Dean had been trying to hide from him for the 12 years of their friendship, maybe he had finally decided that he no longer needed Dean anymore. Panic was starting to kick in now, and isn’t that a bitch? Apparently you can still get panic attacks in Heaven. Hell of a design flaw. Dean frantically tried to remember the breathing techniques that Sam had taught him, and how ridiculous that when he no longer actually needed to breathe, that was the one thing that would bring him back to reality. Dean turned so that his back was resting against the car again, his vision swimming and narrowing as he did so, before sliding down into a crouch, his hands coming up to hold his head and his eyes screwing shut again.
Here, Dean broke off to take a deep breath, eyes closing for a second before opening again and fastening on Cas’ face, which was still clouded with fear but there was a hint of something else in his eyes, desperately trying to break through. The sight of it gave Dean the strength to utter the next few words.
Dean nodded again, setting down his beer bottle and folding his hands in his lap. He couldn’t help but feel a little rejected, that Cas hadn’t come straight to see him once he got there. Rationally, he understood what Bobby was saying. Cas was probably extremely busy guiding Jack through his new role as God, but still. He could take a break to see Dean.
As they pulled away from the meadow, the soft sound of the old rock song coming through the speakers, Dean forgot for a second that he had died, that this was Heaven because all he could think and feel was Cas. He felt as if the pressure that had been building in his chest for the last 12 years, ever since had walked into that barn and proclaimed that he was the one who had pulled Dean from Hell, had lifted and that he was about to float away. He reached across the bench seat and gripped one of Cas’s wrists, moving his hand so that their fingers were intertwined. If his cheeks felt hot at the action, he paid it no mind because he was finally happy.
“Just give me a minute Cas. There is something that I want to say to you, something that I should have said a long time ago, but I was too scared. And I’m not scared anymore. Well, that’s a lie, I am still scared, but I’ve made a resolution to make myself happy in this new year, and this is the first step.”
“Cas, I’m in love with you. And I have been for a long time, I first realised when we were in Purgatory the first time, but in all honesty, it’s been longer than that. Maybe even from when you came charging into that barn and told me that you were the one to raise me from perdition. And I don’t know what the future holds, I don’t even know if I’ll see the next New Years Eve, but I need you to know. I love you, Cas. I’m so in love with you, it makes me crazy. And I don’t need you to say it back, but I needed to say it to you.”
“Well, I was going to sit here quietly but if I know you at all, I don’t think you’ll allow that somehow.”
Cas nodded sagely, picking up a dry dish cloth and drying the glasses, cradling each one gently in his hand as he ran the cloth over it. Once all of the glasses were dry, he moved four over towards Dean and draped the dish towel over the handle on the oven. He let the water out of the sink, then turned his back to it and leaned against the counter top, his arms folded in front of him.
Cas stood suddenly, cutting him off. Dean looked up, surprised, his mouth still open as he stared up at Cas, who was now looking all around them with an odd expression on his face, an expression that made Dean’s insides curl up and bile rise in his throat. Cas was holding his hands out in a placating gesture and was taking small steps backwards when Dean suddenly recognised the expression on his face. It was fear.
“Kind of, kid. There’s a belief that the person you’re kissing at midnight on New Years then that’s the person you’ll be kissing for the rest of the year. But it’s not set in stone, you don’t have to kiss anyone if you don’t want to.”
“But I don’t know man, maybe making a resolution or a goal for this year isn’t such a bad idea. Give me something to work towards, aside from picking off the monster of the week and focusing on the next big bad.”
Dean smiled, and then tilted his head up to press a kiss to Cas’ forehead. They remained standing there, arms wrapped around each other and just breathing in the presence of the other person for an indeterminate amount of time. Eventually, Dean pulled his head away from Cas’s and looked into his blue eyes.
After what felt like an eternity, he could feel his heart rate slowing and his breathing was becoming slightly easier, and with each breath he was becoming more and more aware of a sound that seemed out of place at that moment.
The not-Cas looked more hurt than before, if that was even possible. The lines between his eyebrows looked deeper than Dean had known them, and his mouth had dropped open slightly. Dean had to hand it to whoever had created this particular torture, they really had an eye for detail. He rubbed his hand over his eyes, trying to will away the vision of his friend.
Their breath mingles as they lean against each other, and Dean is certain that everyone in that room can hear how hard his heart is beating but he cannot bring himself to care. He finally has everything he has ever wanted, and the New Year is looking pretty bright from where he is standing.
Dean really wished that he hadn’t taken a drink at that exact moment, as most of it seemed to come back out of his nose. Coughing at both the burn and the sensation, he wiped his face as Sam started to laugh and Cas was squinting at him in confusion.
Turns out, being dead takes a bit of getting used to. Even when you’ve been planning for it your whole life, aware that you probably weren’t going to see the other side of 50, it’s still a little bit of a surprise when it finally gets there. And if Dean was being honest with himself, which he usually wasn’t but apparently dying makes you maudlin or something, he always knew that it would happen on a hunt. He was glad of that much, in fact. The kids had been saved, the vamps nest exterminated and another mystery crossed out of their dad’s old journal. And while it hurt to leave Sam behind, it was for the best. If it got him out of the hunting life then that was good enough for Dean. Besides, it wasn’t like Dean wasn’t going to see him again anyway. Seeing Bobby had been a surprise though, given that the last they had heard of him he was stationed in Heaven’s lock up, but once the gruff old hunter had told him what was what, he couldn’t have been happier.
“Listen, Cas, I know that you’re probably really busy, and I know that you’ll have a lot on your plate what with playing Yoda to Jack but, I’d really like to see you again. And soon. I think we’ve got a lot of things that we need to talk about, and I’d rather do it in person than over Angel radio where anyone might be listening in.”
Sometimes, Dean even presses Cas up against the side of the car and holds him close, taking in the faint scent of ozone that seems to follow the angel around. And sometimes, when his bravery fills him up until he is lightheaded with it, he presses his lips against Cas’ and pours his love into the man in front of him hoping that Cas understands everything that he is still struggling to put into words, but what he knows that he feels. And Cas smiles like this is everything he has ever wanted and like he can’t quite believe that it is real. Dean knows the feeling, who would have thought that it would take Dean’s permanent death for them to acknowledge what had always been between them.
“You deserve to be happy, Dean. You deserve it more than any person I have ever known, in all my millennia of existence. I’m glad that that’s your resolution, and I’ll do everything in my power to help you achieve it.”
Whatever else he was about to say was abruptly cut off as Cas’s lips slammed into his own, causing him to stumble back and raise his arms to wrap around the angel now pressed against his front. After a few seconds, his brain clicked back online and he twisted his hands into the material of Cas’ ever present trench coat, and pulled him even closer to his body. The kiss went on, their lips pressing and pulling at each other’s, nerve lighting up in ecstasy, until Dean turned them gently and pressed Cas up against the side of the car. The resistance that this created caused their bodies to press even closer together, Dean sliding one of his legs between Cas’ causing Cas to moan into his mouth, the sound drawing a matching growl from deep within Dean’s chest.
Dean let out a shaky breath, trying to push his nerves out of his body with it. He took another few seconds before trying again.
When Dean had heard that, the world had narrowed and all he could focus on was the knowledge that Cas was here in Heaven, not in the Empty like Dean had been imagining and fearing. But instead he had somehow been rescued and had come home. Dean had hardly dared to ask Bobby where Cas was or how he knew he was here, but he had a feeling that the older hunter knew what was on his mind now. But he left him to it, probably knowing that Dean would come to him if necessary or he would figure it out for himself. If he ever did figure it out for himself, the idjit.
Cas looked up at him here and gave him a tight smile, which didn’t quite reach his eyes. Dean opened his mouth, about to answer him when Cas began to speak again;
But there was no way that the voice belonged to Cas. Cas had made it very clear that he wanted nothing to do with Dean now, so there was no way that he’d be here now. Maybe he wasn’t in Heaven at all, maybe he’d been sent straight to Hell. It wouldn’t surprise him given the way his life had gone, but they seem to have stepped up their torture techniques since the last time he had been there. He kept his eye screwed tightly shut and focused on pulling air into his lungs and exhaling it out in short sharp pants, willing his heart rate to drop.
Bobby sighed. “You’re breaking my heart, kiddo. Just lookin’ at you torturing yourself like that day in day out pains me. Just go and pray to him. He’ll come.”
come to these sorts of conclusions when all Dean had ever done was fuel the flames of Cas’s scorching doubt?
A question Dean had struggled with for all these weeks, ever since Bobby had told him that Cas was alive again. And still, he didn’t know how to phrase it, didn’t know how to tell Cas all these things that had been ghosting around his head for ages. Not just since the confession, but years prior to that. Only he had buried all those things, all those feelings deep down inside because he had seemed so sure that Cas would never reciprocate. That he
Cas averted his gaze shamefully. “I’ve waited for you to speak to me. I- I don’t know, I guess I was hoping you’d want to see me. But then the weeks passed and you never did so I assumed─” He trailed off, taking a deep breath as to steady himself. When his gaze finally returned to Dean, there was a pain written on his face that took Dean’s breath away. But his next words were what shattered his heart. “I started to assume that you didn’t want to see me again, you know, after… after the things I told you.”
Slowly, Dean nodded. Part of him wanted to object, wanted to tell Cas how they simply didn’t compare, how he shouldn’t have given up on getting him back, but something in Cas’s eyes kept his mouth shut. And of course, it was true. He had always forgiven Cas eventually – though God knew the last time he had taken too damn long. He still hated himself for letting Cas walk out the door back then, for not stopping him. He couldn’t bear losing Cas ever again, not to the Empty nor his own fears nor his damned pride.
Taking a big gulp from the beer, he looked around. The sun was beginning to set, painting the sky in soft tones of rose, orange and yellow as its rays dipped into the calm depths of the dark blue lake; it was a beautiful scenery, a picture straight out of an art gallery. After seven weeks of the same view every night, however, it felt even staler than the beer they’d been drinking each night. Not even the sun was able to illuminate the darkest parts of Dean’s heart, to chase away the regrets he held deep inside.
Cas’s eyes widened in shock. In utter disbelief, he stared at Dean. “I don’t understand. Why would you even say this?”
Dean laughed quietly. How typical it was for Cas to not get something even when it was literally being spelled out for him. Though Dean couldn’t blame him. All he had given him were doubts and hurt. Rejection, seemingly. Maybe Cas just needed a little help to not only make him understand fully, but to wash away all his doubts and reservations at the same time – and not through words, but actions.
Dean pressed his lips together. Once again, he felt doubts overwhelm him. Not doubts about how he felt about Cas – there hadn’t been any doubts for years. Not even doubts about how Cas felt about him (though Dean still couldn’t believe it at times). Doubts about whether he was deserving of this, of Cas, of love, of happiness. He sure as hell didn’t think he’d deserved Cas sacrificing himself for his sake. He would have never suffered this much in the first place if he had never even met Dean.
say things like that?” He clenched his fist, the guilt heavy as lead on his shoulders. “And please don’t make up any excuses for me. There’re no excuses for the way I behaved. I’ve always had so much rage in me, and I always let it out on you. I’ve always been so fucking selfish. And I’m so fucking sorry, Cas. I’m sorry for everything.”
His voice broke, as did Dean’s heart when he spotted the tears shimmering in his eyes. All he wanted to do was pull Cas into his embrace, just touch him, be there for him,
Dean had never liked seeing him broken. But seeing him broken like this, knowing he was the source of all of it, tore him apart. And the things Cas was saying. After all this time, he still didn’t know? Then again, how could he have ever known, when Dean had always given him nothing but the silent treatment? How could he have
