He didn't want to be pregnant, he didn't want to have to depend on someone else to care for him or his household or his livestock but he was getting too big, his belly stretching his clothes and making his back ache. This baby that had taken up residence in his belly was eating up his energy, and his body cried out for an Alpha to care for him, but he didn't have an Alpha, besides John, but he didn't count. It didn't matter that Sherlock felt more at ease when he was around, that John's smiles made his heart flutter. Didn't matter that John's smell could calm him down, that his nerves were soothed by the man's gentle voice...
Later, after she’d been burped, changed and redressed, John laid her down on her back in the bassinet by the side of the bed. “It’s time for us all to get some rest,” he said, turning off the lamp on his side of the bed and dimming the one on Sherlock’s. The clock flashed 11:46 p.m. - Sherlock had gone into labour at just past nine in the morning, delivered her at nine in the evening and fed her at 11 p.m. It had been a long day and tiring for everyone, but especially for Sherlock.
Fact: Sherlock found himself getting attached, more metaphorically than physically (as 'physically' was already long completed), to his baby.
John barely kept himself from letting out a whoop. “Fuck yes,” he said, reaching under Sherlock’s gravid belly and shoving his pants down to his thighs and kicking them off. His cock sprang up upon its release as if seeking Sherlock’s hole. John hardly had to guide it to the loose, ready entrance to Sherlock’s body and then they were joined, Sherlock shivering and moaning. John let him move as he needed to, let him use his cock. His motions were less up and down and more forward and back, the depth of penetration less important than the pleasure of being filled.
“Hey,” he says gently, “I know.”
“What...?”
“Careful! Careful, Sherlock, she’s crowning,” John said, and gentled Sherlock’s movements by squeezing his hand. He took Sherlock’s other hand, his left one, and guided it low, between his legs, and Sherlock’s fingers brushed against something warm and firm that was not his own flesh. He choked out a noise that sounded very much like a sob and pressed his fingers against their daughter’s head, slick and soft and emerging from his body.
John leant over and scooped Calvin and Faith up, earning happy purrs from both kittens. “Come on, beautiful kittens. Let’s see whether you’re beautiful like your daddy or if you got more of papa’s genes,” he crooned, smiling as Calvin climbed up onto his shoulders. “Silly kittens.” John scratched the red-collared cat and followed Sherlock into the living room, his heart full to bursting. Sherlock reached out for his hand and held it tight, their fingers linked together, a promise.
As the adrenaline from Tess’s birth ebbed, Sherlock started to feel the exhaustion that he’d been battling for hours try to overtake him. “I need to lie down,” he said, trying to move and then letting out a quiet cry as his thigh muscles crackled with pain. “Can’t move.”
"I hadn't realised it was so cold," Sherlock said quietly, and shook out of John's arms, pushing himself away and wrapping his own arms around his stomach. "My apologies."
“Joanna Grace Watson-Holmes,” John corrected with a grin, and Sherlock chucked the daisy at his face.
Sherlock blinked. "Fine. Up for discussion. But the bonding-"
The thing about knowing that John wanted to take him to bed was that it wasn’t necessarily distracting, unless John wanted it to be. Every once in awhile during a lull in the film, when John moved or the baby shifted or Soren wiggled, Sherlock would think about what John had said, and he’d be filled with a little warmth. By the end of the movie, any reservations Sherlock had had were long gone, and he let John take a sleepy Soren to his room to give Sherlock time to wind down.
John. He knows how to use his horns, even just as tools. I don't want to see you gored to death."
Sherlock broke the silence. "Come on, then. Victor's gone ahead, it's not long now." He put his hands back in his pockets and trudged down the slope.
“I don’t even have any other ideas,” Sherlock admitted. He slid his hand down to cup his bump. “We don’t have to decide for sure. Could be we’ll wake up next week and hate it, and try something else on.”
“My big something, indeed,” John praised, rubbing the lotion in all over, very tenderly. His hands were soothing on the incredible pressure of Sherlock’s belly. “My very big, very round, very full Sherlock. That’s what you are. Did you finish your soda?” Sherlock shook his head no and took another sip from the can, breathless as he swallowed and took another sip. His belly heaved with the effort of his shallow breaths as he finished off the can and caught his breath afterward, pain spiking out from his belly. “That’s it, that’s my beautiful man. So full for me. Feels so good, hmm? To be so full?” John’s fingers pressed in around the fullest parts of his stomach - the top, where that knot of carbonation sat hard and tight, the middle where it stretched so far around his navel, the bottom, where Sherlock couldn’t see but could feel his skin stretching around his packed guts. “Now, I think I promised you a nice blow job as a reward, didn’t I?” John praised, and Sherlock nodded with as much enthusiasm as he could muster.
The boiling of the milk was what eventually brought them out of their quiet, and Sherlock took his mug of cocoa from John and swayed into the sitting room, settling carefully onto the sofa. He waited until John was sat down next to him before shifting to put his feet in John’s lap, and he put his mug on his belly and waited for it to cool. “I rather feel like listening to some Christmas music,” he said, watching curls of steam rise from their mugs. The lights on the Christmas tree caught in the reflection of his cocoa and he looked out through the bay window at the white blanket of snow that coated the earth. “I’m very glad we decided to go,” he added, catching John’s eye and smiling. “Might be the last time we get to spend a holiday to ourselves for some time.”
Cara sighed and moved to hug him instead, her soft curls brushing the stretched skin of his lower belly. “Tess be here soon?” she asked, looking up at him with big blue eyes.
“Good. If that’s what your body tells you to do, by all means, keep doing it. Squatting is a traditional birthing position in a lot of cultures - it helps the body open up.” She poured gel on her ultrasound wand and pressed it into the low curve of Sherlock’s belly. A tinny swooshing sound emanated from the speakers, and she listened for thirty seconds or so, counting the rapidity of the baby’s heartbeat. “That sounds perfect to me. No signs of stress. Textbook heartbeat. Do you feel like things are progressing?”
“We’re going to have a very white Christmas,” Sherlock said, taking off his jeans and shirt and changing into his pajamas.
“Miraculously, yes,” Sherlock said thinly, handing the reins to the stable hand who had appeared out of the house. “Help me out. I had - an accident.”
Sherlock raised an eyebrow, but nodded in agreement. He could sense John’s anticipation and excitement, and he felt the same feelings start to build, himself. “Get me a straw, then,” he said. He would need to stay lying down as he drank - if he were sitting up too straight, he’d be able to burp and he’d lose all the carbonation. John got up and returned a few moments later with a cold two-litre bottle of soda and a long straw. He sat back down and put Sherlock’s head back in his lap, and put the straw to his lips. Sherlock put a hand on the bottle to steady it and began to drink.
Sherlock’s room was dark and cool. Maggie helped him change out of his now-soaked trousers and shirt and put him in a soft, clean hospital gown, and then she and Abby and John all three helped him into bed. Maggie scrubbed up and put on a set of gloves for a quick exam, after which she pronounced Sherlock eight centimeters dilated. “Made a lot of progress at home, then,” she said, patting Sherlock on the knee. “Keep that up and you may meet your little Joanna before evening tea.”
The serval largely goes clothes-less as the days go by. John can’t say he blames him - it’s hard enough finding clothes that accommodate his tail, and it’s impossible to find any that accommodate a growing bump.
“Hospital’s sorted out, name chosen, toys and nappies and dummies and hair bows...”
Sherlock’s ears flicked and he tipped his head into John’s hand. “Steak,” he said. “Thick, juicy steak, barely warmed. Mmm, a few of them.”
Conclusion: Bonding with John was the best option.
The man let out a quiet cry and pushed his chest forward into the touch, the soft breast tissue moulding around John’s lips as he sucked softly. The sense of urgency returned to his movements and he tried to move faster, but the loose ligaments in his hips failed him too soon and he made a noise of near anguish when he couldn’t chase the pleasure the way he needed to.
Sherlock opens his eyes. John is sitting on the bed next to him, cradling a bundle of blankets. Wordlessly, Sherlock holds out his arms, and John lays their baby in them with heartrending care.
John blanched when Sherlock handed him the folder. “I totally forgot,” he said, and cast a glance Sherlock’s way. “I don’t suppose any of that was -“
“Both - ah, fuck. Okay. Both of us.”
“I think I can officially call this a belly now,” Sherlock said after the potatoes were gone. He set the dish aside with a clunk. His t-shirt was clinging to his sides and riding up over his middle. His skin and stomach felt so tight, like a balloon filled to bursting. Even his lungs ached from the effort of breathing. “God, John.”
“Do you think he’s an alright addition?” Sherlock asked teasingly. “I’m not sure we can take him back if you don’t like him.”
“She knew,” John says, and his own voice is thick with tears. He rubs Sherlock’s trembling back and nods as he rocks back and forth. “She—Violet—she knew you loved her. She fought so hard to be with us.”
“If I can fit her,” Sherlock said. Tess’s body felt too large inside him now. He’d been so sure of his capability only a few hours ago, but now, faced with the gargantuan effort of childbirth, he wasn’t so certain.
He sees five patients. He suspects that the receptionist is diverting most of them to other doctors, but can’t bring himself to complain. Smiling at children with strep infections and shy teenagers with concerns about their cycles is straining, but not enough to make John want to go home. The very air there feels heavy. Out here, it’s just him and what’s on his shoulders, no one else’s.
“If you’re more comfortable changing, do it now,” John replied gently, running their joined hands over Sherlock’s stretched middle. “Or whenever you want, really. There’s no deadline for it.”
Sherlock raised an eyebrow at John, and the doctor’s heart skipped a beat. Sherlock’s ear flicked back and forth, and he took another slow bite of his sandwich, staring John down. “We’d better start getting ready,” he said.
“Don’t know why,” John said, wrinkling his nose and making a face. “Smelly, smelly feet our Soren has.”
"Erm, yeah, I suppose so." John said tentatively, feeling entirely clueless. He was expected to be able to look at these sheep and tell all of that, just from walking through the flock?
The first piece was not all too difficult. It was slow going, but Sherlock managed, with John’s encouragement and a few long burps to release some pressure. He was only a few bites into the second piece when he hesitated just long enough for John to draw back. “Are you full, love?” he asked.
“This is Tess,” Sherlock said, nodding. “She came to meet us, finally. What do you think?” he asked her, shifting so she could see more of the baby’s face.
“Almost done, beautiful. You’re almost finished, and then I’m going to show you how big you are.” John pushed the glass of milk toward him, and Sherlock drank, letting out a quiet cry when his stomach cramped and rolled beneath his hand.
John presses the heels of his hands hard into his eyes in a futile attempt to suppress the hot tears streaming down his cheeks. His knees have gone weak and his head is going threateningly dizzy. Greg takes him by the shoulders and steers him into a chair, where John slumps forward, props his elbows up on his knees, and buries his face in his hands.
For long minutes Sherlock strained, working his baby further and further into his stretched canal and sobbing in pain. For every protest that he couldn't do it, John had three reasons why he could, and every time, Sherlock relented and pushed again. Finally, John could see the baby's head emerging, a patch of wet hair showing through the stretching skin. "Burns!" Sherlock cried, and reached his hands down over the bulge of his stomach to try and soothe the burning pain he felt there. John's hands met Sherlock's scrabbling fingers, squeezing them gently.
“Try not to,” John said. “But I have more soda to top you up, if you want.” Sherlock heaved a sigh, his belly rising and falling with the breath, and he struggled to sit up around his bloated middle. He felt the shift in pressure right away and felt his body immediately react by trying to burp, but he made a grunting noise and kept his mouth closed firmly, trying to override it. A small burp bubbled up but he managed to keep most of the carbonation in as he stood up to go to the bedroom.
“The baby is crowning. You’re stretching to let it past. It will burn, it must burn. Don’t stop now,” the doctor said, harried. Sherlock could feel his hand shaking. “Small pushes, two - two seconds each. Breathe between. Small pushes.”
As the contractions worsened, growing closer together and stronger, Sherlock couldn’t help but make noise. At first, low groans were enough, but when he started to whine high in his throat, John could feel things becoming more urgent. Panic was batting at the edges of both of their composures, and Sherlock felt anxious and scared. “It -
"Yeah. You're smart, and a fast learner, if your finesse at farm chores is any indicator. And I think you really do care about your baby."
John agreed, then stopped. “Hmm? Change? What do you mean, love?”
"Useful bugger, then," John remarked, and lost sight of the dog once more as he went into taller and taller weeds. A simple 'mm' was all the response he got.
It was, indeed, time. Two hours later and Sherlock’s contractions had gotten steadily closer, longer and stronger, and some of the joy had worn off and been replaced by discomfort and pain. He’d forgotten how awful it felt to have a head pressing insistently on his cervix, and how the constant rippling spasms made him nauseous. Nevertheless, as they got ready to leave for the birthing centre, Sherlock got down on his knees and hugged Soren close. “I’ll be home soon,” he assured his son, breathing in the little boy’s unique smell.
"Cor, I didn't even know anyone lived there anymore," the bartender replied, raising an eyebrow as he read the ad. "It's the old Baker place, I don't know who lives there now. Let me know if you find out," he finished, and slid John's receipt under the basket.
She was
As John rose to get Sherlock something to eat, a big, warm paw on his arm stopped him. He turned back around to face the black cat, meeting the serval’s gaze. Sherlock extended his neck to nuzzle at John’s cheek, licking the stubble on his jaw with his rough tongue. “You’ve been eating placentas with that mouth,” John chastised, but gave the serval a thorough scratching anyway. Sherlock let out a deep yowl, looking John in the eyes and giving him that strange smile-like expression again. John caressed a soft ear. “I love you too.”
John…
“It’s a boy,” she said, looking up at her mother with tired but bright eyes. The new baby in her arms fussed a little, and she rocked him until he quieted again. “We haven’t decided on a name, yet. He’s perfect, mum,” she said, a tear shining in the corner of her eye.
“Oh, Sherlock, you’re just glowing!” his mother had said, embracing him far too vigorously when he and John walked through the door of the Holmes residence. John was carrying a bag with gifts for Sherlock’s parents, which he set down to help Sherlock out of his coat.
“It’s
“I can’t sit down, John, I’m having a baby and also having a panic attack. I think.”
“It’ll be so nice to have a little girl around,” Mrs. Hudson cooed, bright-eyed thanks to a second glass of wine. “Running around the flat, cheering the place up. This man-cave needs a bit of a feminine touch to it.”
One day, he lies down on the sofa naked from the waist up. John doesn’t quit tidying the kitchen and tries not to look at him. If Sherlock wants him to notice, he’ll say something.
“Gestation length for servals is seventy-four days.” Sherlock’s voice echoed in John’s head as John crossed off day seventy-nine on the calendar. Of course, they could have miscalculated, but every inch of Sherlock’s body screamed that it was ready for birth.
To his surprise, Sherlock gasps and doubles over, crossing his arms over his chest. For a moment, when he is still caught up in the adrenaline of the fight, John doesn't realize why Sherlock is as wounded as he is, and then—
John, sensing a challenge, cut himself a slice and then picked up his glass of water, drinking half of it. Sherlock narrowed his eyes and did the same, then took a forkful of the cake and ate it. His stomach churned and ached and he had to force himself to swallow, but he did so, and took another bite.
The walk was slow going, in mud which was truly up to John's ankles. His wellies made slick sucking noises each time he slogged through a wet patch, and eventually decided to walk behind Sherlock instead of abreast him. It was obvious the man knew where to step, which patches would stay driest and hold their weight up. John was glad for a reprieve when Sherlock stopped partway up a rocky slope and picked a flat rock to perch on, but when he looked over he saw that the man was pasty white and breathing heavily.
“Oh god,” Sherlock breathed, slumping forward a little when the simultaneous contraction and orgasm ended. John found his hand and helped support him, still trying to process what had just happened. He’d never seen something like that before. Had never heard of it either.
The lunch was hearty soups and sandwiches - filling enough to be satisfying and warm, but not too heavy. Sherlock managed to finish most of his, and John polished off what Sherlock couldn’t fit. The cafe was cheery and cosy, and Sherlock didn’t even feel the need to deduce any secrets about their waitress or the locals. They finished with about an hour to spare before the cookie tasting, and decided to take a walk around the town.
John nodded and picked up his glass, standing up with a quiet grunt. “I believe it does,” he said, raising the glass to his lips and chugging. Sherlock watched with admiration as John downed the glass in one go, and then realized that meant he had to finish his glass, too. He started before John had a chance to tell him to drink, and by the time the glass was empty his stomach was smarting. He rubbed frantically to ease the ache.
He lowers himself to aching knees, then flops backward gracelessly and leans against the tub walls. Sherlock is hand-expressing one breast, which is reddened and looks terribly painful.
“You, too. Bite for bite, until we finish all of it. Both of us.”
“Not Clara,” Sherlock said around a mouthful of roast beef.
He was leant back to accommodate his bulk. His stomach stretched out in front of him, white and round and packed, absolutely gorged. It reached a point near his navel and then curved back into his body, so full that it had no give at all beneath his tight, itchy skin. He tipped the glass up further, drank the last of the milk, and let it fall to the floor with a clunk, doubling over to clutch at his distended belly.
Nothing happened, and then everything happened, and her shoulders burst forth with another waterfall of fluid and the rest of her body slid from his in a rush of limbs and wetness. There was a beat of silence where all he could hear was the ringing in his own ears and then the sound of a baby’s first high wail filled the room. He tried to turn but couldn’t move his legs, and had to crane his neck to see over his shoulder.
When Sherlock’s body has uncoiled, lying loosely in John’s arms rather than tensing inwards, and he is breathing in long, shallow breaths, John finds that there is nothing left to cry. Not forever, but for now, he is empty.
“Mummy sent them, I think they’re nonsense.”
Sherlock bit his lip and picked up his speed, grinding on John’s cock. “If this feels this good, I c-can’t imagine how good -“ He stopped, gasping, and John was about to ask what was wrong when he felt Sherlock’s body stiffen and contract around him. To his surprise, a moment later he felt warmth paint his stomach. Sherlock had just come from a
"Right. Well, anyhow, I saw this and for some reason it seemed like something you would like. I don't know that you can use it for much, but it does work, at least." John took his hand out from behind his back and dropped the fob into Sherlock's hand, coiling the silver chain to the side.
John laughed heartily. “Merry Christmas to me.”
Sherlock lifts his head and lets John's prick slip free. Even in the darkness, John can make out his glare.
More importantly, could Sherlock trust him?
John counted down a quick ‘one, two, three’ and lifted Sherlock by the hips, wincing when the man coughed out a noise of pain. Sherlock’s arm flung out to brace himself on the mattress and he tried to use what upper body strength he had to pad his own controlled fall, but it mostly failed and he collapsed half on his back on the bed next to John.
John made a hum of acknowledgement and kept groping Sherlock’s breast with his broad hand, all the while suckling and teasing Sherlock’s other nipple with his tongue and teeth until it was swollen and red and hot. Sherlock was letting out needy little whines and trying to move his hips, but the size of his belly and the weight of the baby kept him from being able to maintain any sort of rhythm. “John,” he gasped, shuddering and clutching John’s hand to stop the teasing stimulation of his nipple. “Please.”
John pushes his chair back and takes clumsy steps around the table. “Show me,” he says, eyes glued to Sherlock’s middle. The serval rises fluidly and tugs his shirt from his trousers, turning to the side.
“Suppose it’s a bit more real for you,” John amended, and Sherlock laughed.
“My thigh muscles are shot,” Sherlock said, shaking his head. If the pregnancy itself hadn’t done them in, the short walk had.
“I told her you were fine,” Mrs. Hudson said softly, a soothing presence at the edge of the mattress. “But she heard you and needed to see you. I told her that her little sister will be here soon.”
The hospital calls John to ask him when the funeral will be, where they need to send her body. John glances over at Sherlock and leaves the room, shutting himself in the bedroom, away from Sherlock. “We haven’t planned it yet,” he says quietly, staring at the door, listening for Sherlock. “Just keep her there. I’ll let you know when we’re ready.”
Sherlock went quiet as John worked, apparently enjoying the relief John’s expert foot rub provided. John finished off the toes of the left foot and was satisfied to see some of the swelling had gone down, the skin a little pink as blood flow rushed to areas previously blocked off. He patted Sherlock’s ankle and moved the other one into his lap, then glanced upward and stopped short.
She fit perfectly in the crook of Sherlock’s arm, her head cradled in the join of his elbow and her bottom resting in the palm of his hand. Tears rolled down his cheeks as he traced her ear, her cheek, caught her hand with his finger and stilled its movement. “Tess,” he said brokenly. “Tess.”
At that, John did look a little sheepish. “Yes, well. If she decided she wanted to arrive while we were on holiday, I wanted to at least know they would be able to take you in. The nurse thought we were insane for going on holiday when you’re past due, and I honestly had no argument.” John offered Sherlock a little grin. “I would say this isn’t the most insane thing we’ve done, really, though it probably ranks pretty high.”
Sherlock’s milk wells had filled and dropped, and his nipples were peaked, ready to nurse kittens. It seemed like his belly grew bigger with each day, and he swayed side to side when he did heave himself up to walk. The area beneath his tail grew red and inflamed.
“Mmmhmm, that’s what I thought,” John said, nipping Sherlock’s lower lip and then ducking down again to capture Sherlock’s nipple in his mouth, suckling gently.
Sherlock made a 'mmph' noise and took the sandwich, biting into it and chewing while making a face as though the sandwich had done something to offend him. Gradually, as he ate, his skin color seemed to improve, though his hand still rested and occasionally rubbed his stomach.
Sherlock’s hand moved to rest on his middle, which felt more hollow now than it had twenty-nine years ago, when he’d been emptied of his burden to have her laid on his chest, brand-new and wet and screaming. More hollow, even, than after the second child they’d lost before they ever knew it was there. Somehow, despite the decades that had passed and all the joy that Joanna had brought them, the pain felt new again. “But I’ll have a grandchild,” he said, mustering the strength to speak.
“She looks perfectly healthy. Ten fingers and ten toes, from what I can see,” the doctor said, moving the wand around a little. “Heart rate is right on, measurements look good too. I’d say you’ve got a healthy little girl in there getting ready to meet you,” she pronounced, making a few notes on Sherlock’s chart before turning off the sonogram machine.
“She’s perfect,” Sherlock said, tears shining on his cheeks. Joanna wailed loud and long in his arms, gradually turning pinker. Sherlock took her little fist in his hand and lifted it to his lips, kissing her tiny new fingers. “Oh, my god. John. We have a daughter. She’s so perfect.”
John looks around the room, and everything sweeps through him—every unopened package of nappies and every still-folded pair of tiny pyjamas and the excruciatingly empty cradle and the hollow place in the crook of his elbow where his daughter’s head should be—and he crumples.
Conclusion: Sherlock had at least a small desire to keep it.
As if proving a point, Sherlock kisses him again. His teeth scrape over John's lower lip as he invades his mouth, and his hands are tight and unforgiving at John's shoulders. He presses the full length of his body against John's—and that, honestly, is the last thing John can take.
John nodded and trotted out around the corner to grab the chains and water Sherlock needed, wondering what Sherlock meant by 'sleeve'. His question was answered when he arrived back to see Sherlock, belly pressed firmly up against Marjorie's rear, up to his armpit in her rectum. "That, erm, seems intimate. And the wrong orifice to check labour."
“There we are - dinner is served,” he said, setting the full pan down next to Sherlock and scooping a generous portion onto a plate. He cut a bit off - mostly cheese and noodle, with a little sauce - and held it at Sherlock’s mouth. “C’mon, love. Plenty here to fill you up.”
They ate the stuffing the same way they’d done the potatoes - bite by bite, one after the other. John’s will was flagging, it was clear. Sherlock actually felt nauseous for a long moment and he had to stop and chew very, very slowly until the feeling passed. He looked down at his stomach and moaned. His poor, aching belly was rounder than it had ever been and was hot to the touch. “Just the cranberry sauce left,” he said, spreading his legs and leaning backward, his belly sticking up into the air.
“I can’t,” Sherlock said, tears threatening at the corners of his eyes. Drawing enough breath to speak was painful, and he couldn’t stop touching his belly even though the lightest touch sent spines of pain through his bloated organ. “No more, John, please, no more.”
"Our baby girl," Sherlock corrected softly, and looked up at his mate with red, teary eyes.
The knot went down after a few minutes and John was able to slide out of Sherlock. He arranged their bodies to curl around one another, sharing their body heat and basking in the remains of Sherlock’s false heat, which was fading as fast as it had come on.
Sherlock shook his head but tried anyway. He winced and let out a whine, rubbing his side painfully. “Too full,” he complained, feeling again like he needed to burp, to release some pressure, but he couldn’t. “So big, John. Your big - something.”
-------
"Mmf, I'm done. Thank you. Are you ready to go?" Sherlock asked, tossing the remainder of his sandwich aside and standing up with a grunt. He brushed the crumbs from his shirt, hand jerking away when it brushed against his stomach. John took one last bite of his own sandwich and then stood himself, re-zipping Sherlock's satchel and slinging it over his own shoulder, ignoring Sherlock's protests.
With John’s hands where Sherlock wanted them, the omega bore down with another contraction. He felt the first baby’s body move, keenly aware of exactly where the baby was. Its head moved through the open muscle of his cervix and started pressing downward, outward, stretching Sherlock wide as he pushed. He inhaled sharply through his nose and stopped pushing as the contraction petered out. “It feels like…a knot,” he said, opening his eyes and looking up at John. “Like a huge…huge knot. Moving down.” He exhaled as a full-body shiver ran from his neck all the way down to his toes.
Sherlock shook his head and rested his head on the lip of the tub, closing his eyes. “Maybe later. I’m alright for now.”
Sherlock shook his head. "The house and its facilities are yours to use whenever you need. When winter comes, we shall see if it becomes too cold to sleep in the box stall, and find alternate housing arrangements from there."
"I'm having a baby, John," Sherlock moaned, and John pressed a kiss to Sherlock's temple, taking the man's hands in his own and squeezing.
When John disappeared out of the box stall, Sherlock let himself have a few moments to whine low in his throat. His stomach was rock hard and suddenly so low he could hardly stand it, his baby dropping into position and making him feel heavy and slow. "Christ, baby, you picked a very opportune time, didn't you?" he muttered, and pressed a hand to his low belly.
Sherlock looked at all the containers and pans that his mother had packed up into the coolers she’d sent them home with. It was a lot of food, but they weren’t trying to eat a normal portion. He nodded and watched John’s whole body shiver. “We’ll finish it all.” He stepped closer to John and backed him slowly against the counter. “We’ll be so full. We’ve already had Christmas dinner today. Think of how full we’ll be.” He stroked down John’s side over his jumper. This time he could
Sherlock swallowed another bite of cake, and drank the milk, and then - the sound of the fork resting on the plate, and the glass being set on the table. “Am I done?” Sherlock asked, and John said “Yes.”
“You know, you didn’t have much trouble finishing the soda,” John mused. “I could get you some more to drink. Really top you up. Or fill you up from…the other end,” he suggested, and Sherlock moaned quietly. They hadn’t done that much, but the few times they had, it had been an enlightening experience. John seemed to figure out which of the two options made Sherlock the most eager, and he rubbed Sherlock’s stomach a little roughly. “We could try the whipped cream again. Since you seem to be enjoying air pressure today.” Sherlock nodded, still fondling his cock, his other hand on his belly. “We’ll need to move to the bed, though.”
want some of that.”
John hesitated for a minute before reaching toward the box. Sherlock’s head shot up to stare at John’s hands, then his face, and John waited for Sherlock’s permission. The serval slowly lowered his head and nudged their firstborn toward John, blinking at the human.
Sherlock turns his head away and shuts his eyes again. "You thought wrong."
Fact: Omega pregnancies had a higher rate of success with a Bonded Alpha present.
“We’ve got to work on...arrangements,” John says the next day, while Sherlock is drinking the tea and eating the toast John has forced on him.
“Have to,” he said, gripping the sheets in both hands. “She’s there. There. I need her out.”
Sherlock looked at John quizzically. "Indeed."
John sat on the bed next to them both, leaned over on one arm and watching her sleep. “How did you make this?” he whispered, shaking his head in disbelief. “You
Their kisses grew more and more intense, and at some point Sherlock found himself being tugged to his feet. He had to bend over now to kiss John, but it didn't really bother either of them. Their dinner sat forgotten on the table as their kisses and embraces became more heated, bodies pressing closer together and heating up until they were both sweating and saturating the air with pheromones.
With a slick rush and a feeling of release, the baby’s head emerged, dark and blunt in the vee of Sherlock’s legs. In the shadow of his belly, Sherlock couldn’t see much, but he fumbled a hand free and reached beneath himself to feel. The baby’s neck was free of any cord, and the merest brush of Sherlock’s finger against his stretched opening had him groaning throatily. He pushed again, eager now to deliver their first child and to meet the fruits of his labor.
Still, the second the door was shut, Sherlock was pulling his shirt out of his waistband, taking it off and tossing it aside before shucking his trousers and stretching out on the sofa. “Happy anniversary to me,” John grinned, tapping the apex of Sherlock’s belly as he walked past him to settle onto the other end of the sofa. “Dinner
"Really?" John's smile widened and he clasped his hands together. "That's fantastic, Sherlock, thank you!"
Molly arrived first, with a baked dish covered in tin foil. “Baked ziti,” she said, handing it to John and hanging up her coat. “Greg said he would bring homemade bread if I brought a pasta dish.”
"Dog. You'll meet him when we go out to care for the sheep. For now, lunch." Sherlock set the basket on the worktop and put five eggs in the refrigerator, leaving the rest sitting out.
"God! Fuck, I can't do it, John, it
Sherlock lets John hold his hand during the short service, but it’s limp in John’s grip. He fixes his steadfast gaze on the floor some three feet past the heartbreakingly tiny coffin and doesn’t move.
Sherlock looked into John's eyes, then down at their joined hands, and back up to John. "I want to believe it," he murmured, "But it's illogical."
"Marginally larger than it was when you left, I'm certain."
"If we get it out to its neck the next contraction, we'll be fine," Sherlock panted, his legs shaking as his body relaxed. "Crank like the wind, John." John affirmed Sherlock's statement with a nod and both men were silent as they waited for Marjorie.
than he is, for this tiny being. Exaggerated promises flit through his head like pages in a book: softening the edges of everything that might hurt her, holding the world to the highest standard so that it might be worthy of her, pulling down the stars so that she could look at them more closely as she fell asleep, dedicating every remaining heartbeat in his sorry excuse for a body to defending her. Sherlock is overcome. Sherlock
The man crouched slightly, trying to protect his dignity, and looked up at Sherlock through dripping eyelashes. "H-hello, I'm John Watson, I'm here about the ad-"
More cramps were rolling through his belly when John came up and stood behind him, his warm, gentle hands smoothing over the rounded surface. “Look at yourself,” John murmured into his ear, looking at Sherlock’s reflection in the mirror. “You ate so much for me. Got so big you could hardly stand. Don’t you feel amazing?” he murmured.
Four months later, John came home from work. He stepped through the door to the sitting room and stopped short. There was a voice he hadn’t heard in five months, and a figure he hadn’t seen in as long, sitting on the sofa, petting three active kittens that ran over his lap.
the biggest drama queen in all of London -“
Mary was drinking from Sherlock's breast as contentedly as Maisie had suckled from her bottle when John arrived back inside, perching on the sofa next to Sherlock to watch as his mate fed their daughter. She was cleaned up and a little less wrinkled than she had been the night before, but was every bit as beautiful as she had been when she was brand-new and bloody. "How's our little lamb doing today?" John cooed, brushing a finger down her tiny soft cheek.
Sherlock winced as his back throbbed, and he managed to drift off to sleep in the middle of the afternoon.
Sherlock and John both laughed. “He’s really pretty big, as far as babies go. I’m not sure I would have fit him, if he’d been much bigger. But he’ll grow faster than you’ll ever believe,” Sherlock said, shifting a little to give Soren a better look at his brother.
“She’s moving every time you push, love,” Maggie assured. “Keep going, just like that. Give us good strong pushes and we’ll start to see her soon.”
“I know you will,” Sherlock agreed, his expression melting into one of contentment. Soren climbed back onto the sofa, on Sherlock’s other side now, and Sherlock let himself relax into the warmth of his mate and son.
Sherlock made himself some toast and jam and waddled to the sofa, sitting down carefully and heaving a sigh once he was settled in. He switched the television on, volume low, and nibbled at his toast. He was about to nod off when a spasm in his lower back jerked him back awake, and he realized what had woken him in the first place.
that you would make me do that on my own. We’re supposed to be partners.
“A newborn Watson-Holmes,” Sherlock corrected, yawning again but stifling it behind a tired smile. “Wake me if she needs anything.”
John laid a towel over Sherlock’s shoulder and draped it over the newborn. She quieted little by little as her body heat rose from resting against her mother, insulated by the cloth. Her lower lip quivered as she let out little whimpers, the fractious movement of her arms and legs calming. John crowded at Sherlock’s side to gaze on their daughter.
Sherlock pushed with the contraction when it started, but the progress this time was slower. “This one’s bigger,” he said roughly, and that combined with his flagging strength concerned him. His brow furrowed and his eyes were closed as he bore down, hitching one leg up and grabbing behind his thigh for leverage.
And even though that's what it was - Sherlock's baby, not John's, John was starting to love it anyhow. It was half his bondmate, and regardless of parentage, he'd be the baby's other father. He loved being able to touch Sherlock, not only to feel as the baby kicked but whenever he felt like it. Because Sherlock was his, now, and he himself belonged to Sherlock in turn.
Sherlock hadn't been expecting John, or anything or anyone remotely like John; he'd expected some pathetic teenager who he could pay half the going wages to sleep in the barn and care for the livestock. But no, he'd gotten John. Strong, able-bodied, eager John. Friendly, amiable,
Sherlock could hardly walk the twelve feet from the hallway to the tub. Climbing inside was an even bigger battle. The baby’s head was so low in his pelvis that lifting each leg to get into the tub made his hips grind tight in their sockets, sending ribbons of pain up Sherlock’s spine and down his thighs. He sank into the hot water with a long groan of relief and pressed his legs tight against the walls of the tub. Somehow, the pressure of that relieved some of the pressure in his pelvis, and he kept the position to let his body open, to let their daughter through.
“Yes.” Sherlock answered immediately. “I would enjoy that rather a lot, actually.”
John pulled Sherlock back down to rest across his lap. "Forward thinking. I like that." Sherlock only hummed. "You're going to breastfeed the whole time, then?"
"Absolutely," he says.
“That I don’t mind. I just don’t want her waiting too much longer. I’m afraid she’ll find herself getting evicted if she overstays her welcome.”
"Happy Christmas indeed. I haven't got a tangible gift for you, but I can tell you what it will be."
He underestimated just how uncomfortable a train ride would be at forty weeks and five days pregnant.
Oh, god.
"What?" he says testily. "What is
He stares over at Sherlock’s face, lying pale and motionless, blue veins stark under the cold fluorescent lights.
Sherlock shook his head, alarmed. “I can’t move,” he said, gripping the sides of the chair. “I’m too full - John, no, I -“
not feeling, her move her chubby little legs and wave her little arms for the first time. She had a smattering of dark hair and what was absolutely John’s nose nestled between Sherlock’s own high cheekbones, her mouth wide open as she cried.
“Close,” was all Sherlock said. John nodded, hugged Sherlock tight, and led him up and down the hallway until the next contraction came.
“And you look good as a mum. Sleep,” John said, smoothing Sherlock’s hair back.
Sherlock went to his desk and ruffled around looking for the receipt and tickets and found that John had helpfully put all their documents in a folder, labeled ‘Christmas Holiday 2017.’ He pulled out the sheet of paper for their train tickets - ‘NON-REFUNDABLE’ in big bold black print on the bottom. That much he’d suspected. He found the printed sheet for their rented cottage and winced when he saw the same ‘NON-REFUNDABLE’ printed next to their deposit and subsequent full payment.
John’s stomach was just as full as Sherlock’s was, which was a small comfort. John seemed to regret chugging the water as he was holding his stomach very carefully and watching Sherlock rub his. Sherlock took a shallow breath and moved until he had backed John into the countertop again, but this time with their full stomachs pressing together between them. He did his best to ignore the pain of pressing his middle into John’s, watching John’s eyes go wide.
When the pain came, he pushed. Almost immediately it felt like he was being torn apart from the inside. His body was not designed to stretch this far - would he be strong enough to bear their child into this world? A tear leaked from his eye and he grunted, still pushing.
When the flames have died out, John strides to the window, flings it open, and turns to survey the room.
He took another sip and made a noise of pain. Two more long swallows and the water was gone and Sherlock was breathless and absolutely stuffed with food. His belly crested forward, pale and rock solid under his palms. It jutted out obscenely, stretching his skin until he could see pale blue veins beneath his skin. He touched the top of it where it nearly came to a point, and hissed at the pain of even that light touch. He wasn’t sure he could stand up if he tried.
Sherlock shivered forward into the touch. “You know I want more,” he said, moving smoothly up and down John’s cock. “You know I love carrying your babies.”
"Of course," John grinned and leaned his head against Sherlock's shoulder. "You did really well last night, delivering Marjorie's calf and then your own baby. That was a lot of work."
“That’s my girl,” he crooned, heart full of love and pride as she nursed from him. She drank for several minutes, making quiet grunts. Sherlock had forgotten how much he loved this, with Cara - there was nothing he loved more than nursing a baby. He felt tears well up in his eyes and let them fall. “That’s my girl.”
Greg grins. "Go clean up your face and get your husband."
John moved behind Sherlock and pushed two fingers inside, meeting no resistance. “You’re open,” he murmured, kissing Sherlock’s shoulder. He pushed another finger in, which stretched Sherlock a little. Sherlock pushed his hips back onto John’s fingers, and John felt more than heard his groan of pleasure.
“Deeply tired,” Sherlock said, sounding it. “And in a lot of pain.”
John returns to work a full month before he was scheduled to, and the reunion with his coworkers is somber. All of them know what happened, and not a single one welcomes John back to work with anything approaching happiness.
Sherlock took the glass, surprised by its weight. Must be very dense - “A milkshake,” he said, licking some of the whipped cream off the top with a hum. He put the straw in his mouth and sucked. The cool liquid hit his tongue first and then slid down his throat, almost too easily to be considered an effort at all. He barely had to swallow. John toyed with the waist of his trousers as Sherlock drank, quicker at first and then more slowly as the glass emptied.
Sherlock nods. He tries to take in a deep breath, flinches, and blows it out.
"I see." Sherlock sighed. "Well, we shan't find out until it's born. There's not an obstetrician within a hundred and fifty miles of here."
“You need anything—and I mean anything—you call. Hell, even if you don't call, I'll be by with food and beer, if you'll have it.”
Sherlock scoffed. "Oh god, no. Wool's worthless. You're the first person I've seen in years wearing a wool jumper." John looked down at his jumper and was about to defend himself when Sherlock continued. "No, the birds will pick it up and use it in nests, or it will gradually decompose. What farmers used to get pounds for is now costing them to produce. Wool's gone out of style," he finished, and then looked at John's jumper once more. "Obviously."
"Yes, we do that now. There are two steel pails in the shed 'round the corner, go fetch them." Sherlock dismissed John with another wave of his hand, and turned back to the cows.
Sherlock's baby was moving under John's spread palms, rolling gently beneath the skin. John pressed his hands a little firmer, trying to feel more, but Sherlock made sort of a strangled noise in his throat and twisted away. John looked on in confusion as Sherlock pressed a hand to his belly and clutched the worktop beside the sink. The man was breathing heavily, with his eyes squeezed closed. It looked a lot like the time Sherlock had overexerted himself on their walk - but they'd only been walking, it wouldn't have been overexertion, it had to be something else…
“Non-refundable. Tickets and the rental cottage,” Sherlock said, shaking his head. “It’s all bought and paid for. We might as well go,” he said, and before John could argue, “She’s almost certainly going to be here by then, though she could still be inside me at that point. I hope to god not,” he said, a hand on his back. “But we put a lot of time, not to mention money, into planning that trip, and I’d like to enjoy it regardless. We can just enjoy it with a baby. Our first holiday as parents,” he said, and didn’t bother to hide the smile he felt at the idea.
"Alright, then?"
“Tired of water,” Sherlock sighed, glancing down. John was right - it was a little round. Usually when they did this, his stomach would just get…less flat, looking thicker than usual. Sherlock liked the roundness, though. “Something different.”
Sherlock drew back after a long moment, holding his stomach in both hands, and then walked back over to his side of the table and sat down. He picked up the spoon in the mashed potatoes and served himself a large dollop. “Bite for bite,” he reminded. John sat back down.
From where John sat, with Sherlock between his legs, he could see Sherlock’s belly draw up with each contraction - at least, he could see it for as long as Sherlock stayed still before he started to writhe. John was unutterably glad that he was writhing in pleasure and not in pain - he hadn’t even imagined that Sherlock would be one of the few omegas that experienced pleasurable births, but now that the reality was squirming between his legs he was delighted.
"Is that so."
The reality of what they're doing hits him like a wave of nausea. He tugs at Sherlock's hair, trying to pull him up and off so they can talk. But Sherlock just sighs in—relief? John remembers him asking John to pull his hair. And, God, if all it takes to get him out of this slump is a little hair-pulling, then John's fucking overjoyed to provide.
“Into a serval,” Sherlock said, twisting to look at John. “I think that’s how I’ll give birth. I think they’re more kitten than human, so it’ll be easier that way. And I think it’ll be easier to be serval the last few weeks…this is wreaking havoc on my human system. I think my spine’s going to split,” he said, laying a hand on his lower back and pressing down to demonstrate.
John’s heart skipped a beat and he nodded. “Sherlock, is it time?”
----------
Fact: His body was attempting to bond with an Alpha, a man he'd known for several months and who he had developed a close friendship with.
A passing waitress gave him a warm smile and gestured to a coat rack where other dripping garments hung, and he smiled back and nodded thankfully as he hoisted his drenched coat and hung it on an empty hook.
John sat down next to the tub, one arm around Sherlock’s shoulders, watching their daughter sleep. “I can’t believe you did that,” he said, shaking his head and speaking quietly, not wanting to wake the baby. “You just delivered our daughter in the tub of a rental cottage in Wareham on Christmas Day. I think I remember saying that this trip wasn’t the craziest thing we’ve ever done...but I think I was wrong.”
They fell into bed with a heat they hadn’t felt in quite some time. Though the heat was false, Sherlock’s body still lit up under John’s touch, and if he ignored the sound of the bottle cap cracking open, he could imagine it was his own slick that made John’s fingers slide in and out of him with ease. His cock was hard against his stomach, the tip beading up with pre-come. Sherlock was flushed from his cheeks to his chest, barely containing an earthquake when John finally slicked himself up and pushed inside.
After everything else John had experienced in his life, he barely batted an eye when Sherlock revealed that not only did he have ears and a tail, but that he could shift and become fully serval if a situation warranted it.
The room is quiet now that John’s phone is off. He’d let a few people know—Greg, Mrs. Hudson, Mycroft—trusted them to pass the news along to anyone else who needed to know, and powered it down. He wants the silence.
“I thought you said you didn’t want what I ordered until tomorrow.”
Nothing comes.
Cameron and Joanna both chuckled. “Yeah, James, we thought. A bit plain, but then...nothing wrong with that, even for a Holmes grandchild.” Joanna smiled up at Sherlock, who found he was having a stronger reaction than he’d thought he would to the old joke and had to swipe at a tear.
Sherlock's body answered for him, his muscles going tight and moving his baby further into his birth canal. Sherlock roared and gave into the need to push, his back arching and toes digging into the sheets as he strained. John laid tentative fingers on Sherlock's hole, stretching the skin in preparation for the oncoming baby. "That's it, love, work with your body. You can do this."
“Drink your soda,” John reminded, bending forward to kiss Sherlock’s full stomach. “Finish that, and I’ll suck you off, hmm?”
"After we bond, you won't have your first excuse, and it's not like there are drug dealers in the rural north of Scotland to supply you."
He stares everywhere, anywhere, except for where the sheets lay flat over Sherlock’s deflated stomach, and the empty corner of the room where a bassinet should be.
The faux heat flared stronger and brighter with every thrust and gasp and rake of fingernails on skin, until Sherlock was sweating and squirming, eyes wide and dark with lust. John above him was in a similar state, droplets beading on his furrowed forehead. Sherlock felt his rhythm start to falter and he was hit with a craving for John’s knot - something he hadn’t felt in years. But that wouldn’t happen, this was a false heat --
"How's he been?"
"And you haven't used them yet, which tells me two things - you don't really want to, and you don't want to hurt your baby, regardless of whether you want it or not. I've always wanted kids," John continued. "I would want to keep it, if we bonded."
Finally, he reached the mirror in the bedroom. John turned on the light and pressed something into Sherlock’s hands. Sherlock shook his head and tried to make John take it back. “You said if I walked on my own —“
“Bite for bite,” Sherlock said, sitting down heavily and cutting off a thick slice.
“Says you.” John plugged his mobile in to charge and set it aside, the screen dimming after a moment and then shutting off. “Foot rub?” Sherlock nodded and picked up his feet, depositing them in John’s lap unceremoniously.
It was 1998 when Sherlock and John found out they were going to become parents. November turned to December turned to January and suddenly it was 1999 - and the baby would be due in September if all went to plan.
They stayed in until the water ran cold, and then Sherlock moved on unsteady legs out of the shower and into their bedroom. He almost collapsed on the bed, his ligaments loose to let Tess through and too loose to hold his hips steady. He closed his eyes against an oncoming pain, but pinned as he was on his back, he couldn’t do anything to head it off. He held John’s hand tight through the spasm, gasping and moaning through it.
“When I became pregnant with Joanna,” Sherlock finished, nodding. Something strange and more sad than he wanted to admit had settled in his chest as soon as his brain had finished slotting all the pieces into place. “I’m sure mother knew exactly what I was going to tell her when I asked if we could come visit,” he said, nodding again. “Even consulting geniuses are transparent at times.”
It took John until after breakfast to realise that they'd castrated Gladstone.
“I think five steaks might have over done it, love,” he murmured, feeling Sherlock’s taut skin strain with every breath. Under his arm, a kitten shifted, pressing its hard spine against John’s forearm. Sherlock groaned and clutched his belly.
Their daughter, their second daughter, bursts howling into the world and right into her father's hands. Her papa swoons straight back into them only seconds later.
"Dehorning, John. If we let them go for much longer, they'll have to be surgically removed."
The shower did help. The hot water slid over Sherlock’s skin and soothed his taxed muscles, easing some of the strain. The contractions came incrementally faster, rolling through his middle and holding him tight in their grasp, but instead of intense pain, pleasure coiled at the base of his spine, like the precursor to a drawn-out orgasm.
Sherlock doesn't move. John shakes him again, and harder.
---------
lost her. And you just—you don’t even—fuck!” John’s heart is thumping in his ears. He clenches his fists before he does anything stupid with them. “Do you even care? You were her
"Hey, sorry to bother. D'you know who this is, at…er, Baker Place? Needs farm help?" John asked, swivelling his basket around and pointing to the slightly greasy ad.
"No. I know I am pregnant, and I can only assume that it is with a human child, rather than a changeling or…a sheep, or something."
“Her name will be Georgia,” he said. “Georgia Marie.”
John trotted along behind, holding back a snort as he watched the man walk.
“Tessy will be here very soon,” Sherlock said, hoping he was right. “A few more days, Cara. You’re going to be a big sister.”
The cottage was small and homey, with a bed barely big enough for the two of them plus Joanna’s bump. It was only a few hours away by car, and had an adjacent nature park where they would be able to walk. Sherlock rested for a bit once they arrived, but early afternoon had them both pulling on their outdoor shoes to enjoy the park.
“Hello Tess!” Cara crooned, giving the bump another kiss.
“Not yet.” Sherlock knew he was close, knew it was almost time, but the urge wasn’t there yet. Another contraction grabbed him and pulled him down, and he cried out with pain. It released after a minute of unbearable pressure, and he coughed out John’s name.
John slid his arms under Sherlock’s and moved him forward, then picked him up. Sherlock cried out and clutched his belly, trying to stay as still as possible, but John forced him to stand on his feet. “It’s a short walk, love. If you want, I’ll carry you, but you’ll have to have another glass of milk when we get there.” This threat made Sherlock lurch forward, trying to stay bent double to keep some of the pressure of his stretched skin from making it worse.
“She’s big,” Sherlock said, dragging a towel from the small stack and wrapping her up in it. “Bigger than I thought she would be.” The baby made a small noise when he shifted her to swaddle her, but quieted again as she was wrapped up in the warm towel.
They did. Almost immediately the contractions started to come almost one on top of the other, and the need to squat became not just urgent, but a necessity. He dropped almost to his knees in the shower, taking John with him, and made a guttural noise John had never heard before as a contraction gripped him.
Reuben and Sherlock were cleared to go home early the next morning. Sore and tired, Sherlock headed straight for bed when they got back home, and John obliged him by letting Reuben sleep next to him. The plan was for Soren to come back just after lunch, giving Sherlock and John time to settle back in and get some rest.
“Is that the last one?” John asked, and Sherlock’s ears flicked. He gave an experimental push, then nodded and flicked his tail in affirmation. That was it, then - after all that waiting, their kittens were all here and all healthy.
Sherlock moaned and shook his head, eyes half-closed. “I already had dessert,” he said, shaking his head at the empty milkshake cup on the table.
"But - he wouldn't-"
The hospital sends home a “memory box.” Pictures, handprints and footprints, a lock of hair, a blanket. Sherlock glances at it once, then spends the rest of the taxi ride home looking resolutely out the window at nothing at all.
Even Mycroft is showing the strain, though. The lines around his eyes seem more pronounced, and there's a hint of redness and swelling there that betrays his lack of sleep.
“Almost.” John kissed Sherlock’s shoulder. “Just a little bit to go. Stay strong, love.”
know because I know you called them.”
“As you command, your royal highness,” John said with a grin, and padded off to get washcloths.
“A baby before the New Year,” he said, unable to hold back a smile, which Sherlock, in his giddy relief, returned. “I’ll gather my bag. Stay put.” He rose to his feet, pressed a fleeting kiss to Sherlock’s forehead, and dashed out of the room.
even though his stomach was jam-packed with food already. He looked down at himself and let out another low sound. He wouldn’t be able to eat it; there was no room at all in his stomach for anything else. He drew in a shallow breath - anything deeper pulled at his skin and made his lungs ache - and shook his head. “I’ll have it tomorrow,” he said, touching his belly gingerly and hoping that would satisfy John.
Her body moved outward just a little more and then Sherlock was
John blanched. "And, er, how is that done?"
John grinned, nipped Sherlock’s shoulder and pushed his hand out of the way. “Put that up here and give it some work to do,” he said, placing Sherlock’s palm flat against his breast. “I’ll take care of things down here.” His torso was shorter and so he was able to continue his thrusts and stroke Sherlock’s cock at the same time, the tugs short and fast. A whimper escaped Sherlock’s lips and he did as John instructed, rolling his nipple between thumb and forefinger and tugging at it with increasing desperation.
Mycroft lets his hand drop and looks to his brother on the sofa. His mouth twists into something strictly controlled, but only just. "How has he been?" he says, talking to John but looking at Sherlock.
Sherlock looked down. John was right - of course he was, John was always right - his earlier meal had started to settle lower in his gut, making him look a little less top-heavy. “Full,” he said honestly, rubbing the very top curve where he was fullest.
“Hair bows. For newborns.”
The silence is broken by a soft moan of pain. It isn't loud—John wouldn’t expect it to be—but it’s enough to give him the moment’s advance warning to steel himself.
“Rules said no touching below the waist,” Sherlock said, settling onto the bed and rubbing against it almost imperceptibly, his eyelids fluttering. “Things are fine. Ooh. I can tell. It’ll be soon. Come here.”
and you didn’t—you didn’t even cry at her
"Because it's a two hour walk out to where the sheep are, and I don't want to do it on an empty stomach, do you?"
"Right, that's good. Any questions?" He asked, brushing his hands on his trousers.
“What—Sherlock! What are you doing? What the hell did you do?” John cries, shoving Sherlock out of the way.
Rolling his eyes, Sherlock responded, "Of course. I knew I'd be lactating, so I ordered padded bras and several for nursing. Several weeks after you arrived."
“A few,” Sherlock admitted. He’d made a short list which he kept by his bedside. As soon as he’d seen her, though, as soon as she made her first cry and was laid in his arms, he’d decided.
John poured the milk into the cooler, rinsed the bucket, and dashed out to where the bull's pen was. Sherlock was just tipping the bottle to make sure the calf got the last of his milk when John arrived, and the man simply handed off the bottle and walked back to the house to feed the chickens - the last of the evening chores, as far as John knew. After that…
There was more cleaning, and then John carefully dressed Sherlock’s lower half in thick pads and soft underwear and clean pajamas. Just as he finished, a nurse returned with their second son, clean and dressed in a nappy and green romper. “Both socks on,” Sherlock observed, and John’s smile was radiant.
John stood up behind Sherlock, rubbing his side through the contraction. “You’re doing well,” he murmured, his left hand kneading Sherlock’s back while the right patted and soothed. “She’s on her way. She’ll be here soon.”
They spent New Years' in each other's arms, bringing in the new year with John deep inside Sherlock. They spent Sherlock's birthday the same way, and many days following. Sherlock was starting to reach the point in his pregnancy where he needed his Alpha the most, and thankfully, his Alpha was more than happy to provide.
Sherlock stalks out the door and slams it shut behind him.
“Me, too. But wait just a few more days, love, until we’re home. You’ll have to wait until next year to spend your first official Christmas with mum and dad, little one.” John bent down and kissed Sherlock’s belly and then helped him into his shirt. Sherlock laid down and John curled up behind him, kissing the back of his neck, and in a few minutes they were both asleep.
John pulled the cap off the can of whipped cream and stuck the tip in the end of the hose, then pressed down. Sherlock didn’t really feel it at first, but after a few seconds he could feel the cream moving into his guts, a small influx of pressure at first that quickly grew intense. “Ooh,” he breathed, watching as John moved his hand to the side. It didn’t take long for his shirt to start to shift - or, rather, for his lower belly to start to fill up in a way that made his shirt stretch. Before his eyes, his lower stomach was filling up and getting round.
“Hey.” John taps Sherlock’s chest. “You in there?”
John kisses the curve of his spine. “I know.”
“My own birthday, at the latest,” Sherlock replied with a frown, wincing as John tugged his stays tighter. “New Years if it waits only a week longer than it’s meant to, my birthday if it waits two. It certainly doesn’t seem keen on being a Christmas baby,” he said, taking a shallow breath and laying a hand on his confined middle as John continued to pull the laces in.
Sherlock’s serval-ness grows more prominent week by week. As the kittens get bigger, he naps more, stretching out on the sofa with his growing belly poking up underneath the blankets. He demands more pets and scratches, and positively purrs with delight when John scratches and rubs his belly. His nipples start to get puffy and sensitive, getting ready to provide kittens with colostrum.
With John pulling tight on the chain, Sherlock could be certain that the hoof he'd already secured would stay in the chain's grip. He made a loop of the other end of the long chain, pushing his hand deep within once more to find the other hoof. "You're in the way," he muttered to his stomach, as the roundness prevented him from getting the angle of entrance correct. As if in response, his belly tightened again with another contraction, and it was all Sherlock could do to keep from crying out with the pain. It seemed that now he knew what the pain was, it hurt worse.
John has fallen asleep again. Sherlock lies down beside him and prods his shoulder. “John.”
"You've been recently injured," the tall man said, ignoring the question entirely. "In which branch of the army did you serve? I didn't see any identifying tattoos."
Soren sat back on his heels in contemplation. “He looks good,” he declared after a few moments. “Papa says he looks like you, but he just looks like a baby to me.”
“I think Joanna is coming,” Sherlock said out of half-open eyes, quietly, in a room where the only sounds were the dripping faucet and their own breaths.
John came home from the clinic and set his bag down. “You smell nice,” he said, walking over to Sherlock in his chair. “Mm, very nice.” Sherlock could tell he was thinking - he could hear the gears turning. His pheromones must have been having a field day in response to Joanna’s, because as soon as John came close, Sherlock felt the embers flare into flame. He couldn’t hide his little gasp and he heard John’s chuckle, then felt the sandpapery-rough of John’s stubble against his jaw. “I think someone needs to be taken to bed and thoroughly satisfied,” the alpha rumbled, sending shivers down Sherlock’s spine.
Sherlock lifted his hands and put them firmly on the tabletop. "It will be a constant reminder of a great mistake that I made, and regret."
"They tried," John says. His voice is hoarse from grief and disuse. "They tried, but she'd just lost too much oxygen."
“Got you, beautiful mum,” John murmured, moving an arm to wrap around Sherlock’s back, pulling him up and against John’s hard body. Sherlock’s hand found the back of John’s head and held on tight, and the blond responded by sucking more of Sherlock’s breast into his mouth and sucking.
“She’s going to have your name,” Sherlock tells Violet, and within him, their second daughter kicks joyfully.
“All the more reason to go on holiday,” Sherlock replied cheerily, and took the folder back from John so he could tuck it safely away in his desk, lest John toss it into the crackling fire. “I’ll be just as exhausted in Wareham as I will be here, and you’ll be tired too. I really do think we’ll regret it if we don’t go,” he said, sitting carefully onto the couch and motioning for John to sit beside him.
“Sherlock, what—”
“Hey,” John says. “What did he say?”
"And how was everyone this morning?" Sherlock inquired, at the stove mixing a sweet-smelling dough.
“As if I could.”
“And he’s beautiful,” Sherlock said, “which is the most important thing.” The baby had quieted and was dozing now, sleeping peacefully on Sherlock’s chest.
was stiff knees and injuries that ached when fronts came through. (Sherlock’s bullet wound on his shoulder ached.) (So did John’s.) (Neither admitted it.)
“Alright, then. No induction for now, checkup in two weeks, and we’ll see what things look like then,” the doctor said, standing up to shake Sherlock’s hand, then John’s, and leaving the room.
"Sherlock? You okay?" John sat down next to him and nearly set a hand on his back, but pulled it away at the last moment when he realised what he was about to do. Sherlock nodded and took a deep breath, and one hand drifted up to settle on his rounding stomach.
John can’t say.
Thankfully, the pitch dark disguised the wet patch on his trousers, but it didn’t mask the sound of wet fabric sticking to Sherlock’s upper legs. He tried to stand but found he couldn’t of his own will power. His spine was stiff and sore, the irregular support of the corset having pulled it out of alignment on the rough ride home. “I can’t get up,” he said, half-choking on his words. “Ah - John, help.” He put a hand on his lower back, which was throbbing with pain.
She chuckled and laid a frail hand on John's arm. "Of course you wouldn't know, love. Now, something about a gift for your mate, you say? Well, I do a little bit of knitting on the side, but in the case you don't want lumpy jumpers or holey blankets, I'd suggest the little shop just outside of town…"
"Yeah, sure, no problem." John pulled the satchel from Sherlock's back gently, and rooted around in its depths until he came up with a slightly warm cheese sandwich. "Here. Eat slowly, I don't want you getting sick up here."
“Send word when the baby comes,” Violet said, kissing Sherlock’s cheek as they prepared to leave. “Daddy and I will come by to meet the little one and bring gifts. I think we’ll see you again before the year is out,” She cooed, patting Sherlock’s middle.
They dropped Soren off at Uncle Greg’s along the way. The little boy didn’t seem perturbed in the least that his daddy was going off to have the baby, and ran into the house as soon as Greg opened the door. Greg wished them well and sent them off with a smile and a wave, which Sherlock returned tiredly.
“Dropped,” John said, and Sherlock nodded. “That’s a good sign.”
“I’d be so fucking hard if I weren’t so fucking full,” John said, his cheeks flushed and eyes slightly glassy. “Remind me to take pictures so I can remember this and get off to it sometime when I’m not in awful pain because I’m so full.”
“Well then. I see no reason to deprive you, or your body, of the delights of me and my body,” John said, wiggling his hips until Sherlock outright laughed.
“You look resplendent,” John said, bending double and kissing Sherlock’s stomach. Even that touch made him groan softly. He was arching his back to the point of discomfort to give his middle as much room as he could, and even so he felt crammed with food. “My beautiful man, stuffed full. I take good care of you, don’t I?” He ran his hand over Sherlock’s stomach.
Sherlock was glad that John was facing the other direction. His back was throbbing almost continually now, the dull ache he'd woken up with spreading out with each pulse and tightening his stomach. If he didn't know any better, he'd think that he was-
John didn't have to look down the menu very far before deciding; a good reliable fish and chips would do just fine. He ordered quickly and beat it to the loo, pulling his sopping flannel shirt off and putting on a warm, dry jumper in its stead. Sure, he looked like an aging schoolteacher in this getup, but he'd suffer the humiliation with a smile if it meant he didn't catch pneumonia.
Sherlock looked thoughtful. “It might not be
Everything burned and hurt and felt like it was going to snap. Sherlock gasped and pushed through it. The counter-pressure from John’s hands was only minimally helpful, but just knowing he was there was better than nothing. “It burns,” he whimpered, his blood roaring in his ears.
"I'm not joking." John took a few steps forward and held his hands out to his sides. "I think you're a right bastard at times, yes, and more than a little mad, but that doesn't mean I don't like you."
John stops talking. He should stop this altogether, but God, he’d missed this so much. Not sex—simple closeness. He hadn’t realized how desperately he needed to hold and be held, to touch and be touched. The sudden onslaught of intimacy is disorienting. In his muddled state, all John can do is hold on.
“What in
Sherlock swallows hard. His stomach is still churning, but he is fairly sure that he is no longer in urgent danger of being sick. He lies back down. John curls up against his side and rests his hand on Sherlock’s chest.
“Stop, or my head will be too big to fit out the doorway,” Sherlock chastised, a flush coloring his cheeks. He ducked his head to hide his smile, a fruitless effort. “You’re rather handsome tonight, yourself,” he added, lifting his gaze to meet John’s eyes. The flush renewed when he saw how John was looking at him - the same way he’d looked at Sherlock a year ago today, as they held hands in front of a crowd of friends and family to declare their commitment for one another.
it feels really good. Bugger off.”
“Have a lie-down, then, and I’ll give you the famous Watson foot rub.” Sherlock rolled his eyes and waddled to the little bedroom, settling in on the mattress and sighing heavily.
He felt her moving inside him, felt her head spreading him open and the thickness of the rest of her body stretching him. He felt the burning of his body stretching wide to allow her to pass, and squeezed his eyes shut so hard that tears leaked out the corners. At the end of a long, hard push that left Sherlock gasping for breath, he felt her head stretch him so wide he thought he’d surely tear open and then he felt it slide out, felt the warmth of her head as it brushed his thigh, and he choked at the feeling of it.
John clucked sympathetically and shifted, Sherlock still on his lap, until he was sitting against the headboard. He could feel the minute trembling of Sherlock’s thighs, overworked, against his own legs and he ran both hands down the pale skin. “It’s going to hurt when I move you,” he said, sliding his hands up to caress Sherlock’s full belly.
Time takes on a hazy, unrealistic quality. Between contractions, Sherlock leans back against John. They are kneeling on the floor in a nest of blankets—which may be Sherlock's doing, he isn’t sure—and it has been a long time. Long enough that Sherlock should have started pushing, shouldn't he? He is about to ask when the pressure builds and twists and tightens and then squeezes, and he's pushing. He can't do anything else. John has his hands and is bracing Sherlock's back against his front. Sherlock pushes and pushes and
Sherlock nodded and kept pace alongside John, pulling the head off a daisy as he walked past. “Joanna Grace Holmes.”
Sherlock couldn’t help but laugh at that, a little. He kissed John back, feeling a used-to-be-familiar heat in his belly. “It always wants you,” he said, “And so do I.”
“Careful, then. Easy does it, let me.” The cold air and his mate’s noises of pain seemed to sober John up quickly, and he took both of Sherlock’s hands in his and pulled him slowly to his feet.
“You could have been more obvious about it,” Sherlock murmured to his belly, putting both hands on the surface. “I nearly slept through it.”
Things had seemed so bright and exciting the day John left for the RAF. Following in his father's footsteps, serving his country and using his medical license in what must've been the most intense way possible. But just five weeks ago he'd been invalided out with a brand-new hole in his shoulder, and now he was recovering - sort of. Trekking across Scotland wasn't what his therapist had suggested for rehabilitation, but John couldn't stand to rot in a hospital and talk to a shrink all day. He had to
It built bit by bit, the pleasure increasing through each contraction, until at last his water broke and trickled from his body and pulled an orgasm with it. Sherlock was braced against the tiles of the shower as his body tensed of its own accord, pulsing with pleasure and pain and leaving him slumped boneless as cool water ran down his back. John was hard in his pants watching it all happen, and rinsed Sherlock clean with shaking hands.
The fire alarm above his head dangles from a single wire, the others cut jagged and loose. The floor is littered with cigarette butts, scattered alongside the pink onesies and green socks.
disservice, by trying to forget.
John gathers up everything in the memory box and places it on the little table next to the cradle. Then, he gathers himself and goes downstairs.
He means more than John and Sherlock, more even than the two and a half of them in the room right now.
John brandished his keys and glowered. "When you said take the car, you didn't say 'take my fucking Beamer."
“Perfect,” John said, putting his hand on Sherlock’s shoulder lightly. Their daughter was as pale-skinned as her father, but had her papa’s button nose and cheeks. Sherlock’s dark hair was a drying wisp of a curl on her crown. As the sun came weakly through the windows, the snow falling just beyond the glass, Georgia slept peacefully in her father’s arms on her very first Christmas morning.
"What did you do, walk the whole way from the village? Get inside, you'll catch your death, are you mad?" Sherlock scoffed, and pulled the man roughly inside and verily slammed the door behind him. He pulled the drenched coat off and tossed it in a pile in the corner, and, ignoring the man's protests divested him of the rest of his clothing until he was standing in a puddle of wet garments, naked save for a pair of greying pants, in the entryway of Sherlock's cottage.
It was like walking on eggshells after that. Sherlock finished eating his lunch with a pensive expression on his face, and John washed the dishes with a nervous haste he’d never applied to the task before. Sherlock couldn’t seem to stop checking his phone for the time, watching every minute pass with intense concentration.
John turned, squinted, and then rose an eyebrow in surprise. “I do,” he said, making an impressed face. “I believe you wore that when we went to the hospital to have her.” He jerked a shoulder in Cara’s direction. “Must’ve shrunk in the wash.”
Sherlock awoke to the sound of a kettle boiling a few hours later. He sat up and scrubbed the sleep from his eyes, then winced at a dull pain in his back. He groaned when he got up and made a quick stop to the toilet on his way out to the kitchen, where John was waiting with two cups of tea. “Back hurts,” Sherlock sighed, sitting down gingerly on a chair. He took a sip of his tea.
“Let’s go home,” he said. “You’re having a baby.”
“Alright,” John said, shifting a little and sliding his arms under Sherlock’s. He put one hand on Sherlock’s full belly and the other on his breast, thumbing over a nipple and drawing another gasp from the dark-haired man. “Do what your body tells you to do.”
Sherlock did.
John nodded, entirely serious. "Clearly. And you're an Omega."
Sherlock was staggering around the sitting room between contractions, alternating between letting John hold his hand and guide him and cursing his partner into the other room. A fierce contraction had his knees buckling and he grabbed the back of John’s chair for support, eyes tight shut and whining through the sharp pain of the muscle cramp and the dull ache from inside as Joanna’s head pushed against his cervix. “Hurts,” he whimpered, gripping John’s hand tight and hissing through the end of the contraction.
Fact: John's eyes lit up whenever Sherlock put his hands on his swelling middle, in a way that he was sure couldn't be faked.
” he insisted, and his tone brooked no argument. “I refuse to consider it. She’s staying put until we are safely back in London, and not a minute before. She’s waited four extra days, she can wait another two. Oh, damn,” he cursed, and reached over to steal a forkful of John’s pasta. John let out an indignant noise and pulled his plate closer, frowning.
John ran a hand through his hair and looked worried. “I’m not sure it’s driveable out there,” he said. “We got a
The third one happened twenty minutes later. Then a fourth, and then a fifth, and after the sixth they stopped counting.
Sherlock has never purred so loudly as he did when John kissed him.
“Who’s in mummy’s tummy?” John asked, bouncing Cara on his hip. The baby giggled and put her hand over her mouth, looking at Sherlock’s stomach with concentration. “Come on, love, who’s in there? Who’s in mummy’s tummy?”
"Yeah," John exhaled, and brushed the dirt from his trousers with one hand as he picked up the stool with the other. "Still, could've gone worse."
John had moved Sherlock's gift into his vacated box stall bedroom, on the off chance that Sherlock would have the desire to take the car and discover his gift. It was just a small thing, more sentimental value than anything, but he hoped Sherlock would appreciate it. The metal was cool in his palm and the chain swung lightly back and forth as John walked back into the house, hiding the fob watch behind his back and out of Sherlock's line of sight.
“Lot of muscles there doing some pretty hard work,” John sympathised, kissing Sherlock’s crown and sliding one hand down to his lower back to knead at the tight muscles. “It’s alright, love. It’s not ideal, but it’s going to be fine. You’re going to be alright, and so will she.”
John scooped up their daughter and bounced her on his hip. She continued to look at Sherlock, concerned for her mummy. “Go back out with Granny,” he said, kissing her cheek. “Mummy needs to be alone for a bit. He’s got to work very hard for Tess to come out.”
“Just lucky, I guess,” John replied, nipping Sherlock’s lip before pulling back and looking him in the eyes. A little bolt of affection hit Sherlock in the chest as he stared into his mate’s deep blue eyes. “Ha. Love you,” John said, kissing him more gently this time.
“It won’t come soon enough,” Sherlock grumbled. “And you won’t see me do it again. One child will suit us fine, and I won’t suffer this again.”
He grows remarkably fast. By John’s estimates, they have another eight and a half weeks or so to prepare, but it’s hard to tell exactly how things are going to work because, as one might imagine, the amount of research done on human/serval reproduction is roughly equivalent to zero.
John smiled back and set his mug aside to rub Sherlock’s feet. Sherlock nearly purred. “I’m glad we went, too. We needed a bit of time to ourselves, and I don’t think I’ve ever spent Christmas anywhere this pretty and peaceful.”
"And baby?" John grinned and turned to stretch out on the sofa.
“I don’t know why you even asked,” he said, rising with effort when John had finished doing up his laces. “All I’ve wanted for the past two months is Italian food, and that place has several outstanding reviews. We’re going there.” Sherlock rifled through his suitcase until he found a casual jacket to pull on over his shirt. It didn’t button - of course it didn’t - but it still made him feel a bit more dressed up than he would be otherwise. Fine for a “slightly upscale but casual Italian restaurant with authentic cuisine,” as one reviewer had written. He let John take his arm and kiss him on the cheek, and bundled himself into their rental car to go back into town.
“It’s time,” he said, his voice weak and reedy. “The baby, it’s coming. John -“ He put a hand to his middle, his nightgown wrinkled and rucked up over the full curve of his belly.
They’d been quizzing Cara on the baby’s name for a little over a week, and it seemed that she was starting to make the connection that the wiggly thing inside mummy was going to be her little sister. It would be a little while longer until Tess arrived, but Cara had been too curious about mummy’s growing middle to keep from addressing it now.
Sherlock opened one eye and looked up at John. "You think so?"
“More sticky than hot,” Sherlock said, shoving John off him and drawing his finger through a string of it that crossed his chest. “Alright, you made that mess. You can clean it up,” he said, making a face.
In a fit of pique, Sherlock pulled his shirt from his waistband and released the strings at the base of his stays, relieving some of the pressure. He almost immediately regretted it - what little lumbar support he had was now gone, and all the strain of his weight was concentrated on the weaker part of his back, already strained by this girth and the weight of the baby he carried. He let out a little whine as his back smarted.
“It’s alright. So does your papa, even if he won’t admit it. Sleeps with his socks on.” Sherlock looked up at John with a wry grin and shook his head. Soren looked at John, appalled, and let out the most emphatic ‘ew’ Sherlock had ever heard.
"Wow," John exhaled, and paused.
“You can, she’s crowning, keep going.” Dully, Sherlock felt John’s fingers just inside him, and felt a hot pain burning at the ridge of his hole as she stretched it. He let out a cry and pushed harder, shaking with strain. “That’s it, that’s it, her head’s coming out —!”
John’s eyebrows crawled off his forehead and he looked at Sherlock. “Having some cravings, are we?” he asked.
There was a very unmistakeable damp patch at the front of Sherlock’s trousers, and an equally recognizable swelling pushing at the waistband. John cleared his throat a little demurely, and he could almost see Sherlock’s cheeks flush red even though his head wasn’t visible. Sherlock made a noise in his throat, almost a whine, and flung an arm in the air as if waving a white flag. “I liked you rubbing my feet before I was pregnant,” he said, his voice muffled. “Now I like you rubbing my feet
John didn’t understand until Sherlock laid back down again and lifted his rear leg. He inhaled sharply when he saw a third kitten breaching Sherlock’s body. Instead of tumbling free like the first two, this one seemed to be coming rear feet first, and Sherlock strained for a few minutes, getting up and pushing and shifting positions. The kitten’s feet never emerged any further, and John grew worried.
John cut a piece off of the cake - heaped with glistening chocolate frosting. He brought it to Sherlock’s lips. Sherlock took it but hesitated before chewing and swallowing, knowing that it was going to hurt when he did. “Come on, now,” John said, and Sherlock swallowed, then let out a quiet whimper.
"Yeah, yeah, I'll go get it. Be right back." John cuffed Sherlock on the head lightly as he walked past, and Sherlock just giggled weakly and waved a hand.
"Stop that, your fingers are freezing." Sherlock wiggled until John relented and stepped to lean against the countertop. "And nothing's wrong with Marjorie. She's due to dry up soon." At John's inquisitive look, Sherlock elaborated. "She's due to calve in mid April, so we'll dry her up in mid February. Her milk production will decline and we'll just stop milking her. Her body's preparing to give birth, and it'll start producing colostrum for the calf in those two months' break."
Sherlock was
"Hey!" John barked, but Sherlock was already gone, marching in amongst the sheep and sending them running in every direction. Victor was nipping at heels and keeping the sheep in the right area, and after a few minutes of looking around he nodded, apparently satisfied, and turned to walk back to John.
At length, he says, “It was over. I left.”
