“I might be pressing, and you can tell me to fuck off if this is too presumptuous, but you seem cold, can I get you something for that?”  He said, in that same tone Widow had spoken to him earlier.  He didn’t know what he had done to deserve such gentleness and consideration, but it sure felt nice over his ragged nerves.
The pillows arrived right on time, delivered to him with a smile by Jarvis.  They were in discreet cardboard packaging.  Steve felt almost as furtive opening up the boxes as he might have felt cracking open a case of marital aides.  He filled the big pudgy cat pillow in his bathroom, waiting until the water was almost too hot to bear, and then climbing under the heated blanket with it.  He pressed his face against the soft fluffy fabric of the pillow, held it tightly to his chest.  It wasn’t a person, and it didn’t make his body feel all that much less like a live wire, but it still felt nice in his arms.  Steve breathed in, breathed out, tried to relax, tried to tell his body that it was alright, he could rest.
After the authorities arrived, and carted away the Masters of Evil, the team stood in the street, there was still Adhesive X everywhere.  Some of it was even on Iron Man’s back.  He didn’t seem to care, and seemed far more concerned about the state of the bridge.
"I really could have made a tasteless joke there, but I didn't. I am a paragon of restraint, and I'm beating Clint's score by at least fifty points.”
“It's really interesting watching a you pretend at sympathy. Like seeing a dog walk on two legs. Fascinating.” The whiskey is a really nice vintage. It tastes like ash in his mouth. Ash and sand.
“Welcome back, hot stuff, are you all clean for me?”  He asks, trailing one finger down Steve's chest and circling it around his nipple in a way that makes him suck a harsh breath in through his teeth.
touch him. Just the thought of that makes renewed heat coil in his belly. Tony's hands are on him, skimming over his stomach, then up to pluck and toy with his nipples. It sends a wave of pleasure through him that borders on overstimulation, and Tony leans in and kisses the moan right out of his mouth. He stays there, his mouth moving over Steve's, his tongue making arousal burn low like embers through Steve's veins.
Cap look-alike and the woman in the catsuit join her almost immediately. They're rubbing at his arms, his shoulders, and it would feel pretty nice if he wasn't possibly having a heart attack right this moment.
His hair feels wet, and he realizes his eyes are closed again. The sky above him is too blue when he blinks awake slugggishly; a vast endless stretch of ocean laps at his fingers.
“Oh no.” Tony whispers to himself, expression becoming more and more sheepish the closer Steve approaches. Steve is about to ask why his presence is making Tony so uncomfortable when his entire face scrunches up and he lets out a painful sounding sneeze. Steve freezes in his tracks.
“Where are you, please tell me, where are you?” He knows there will be no answer. Twenty two years and there has never been an answer. There are tears on his face, salty and wet where they slip over his lips. Tony closes his eyes, shuts them tight against the tide rocking him to and fro.  Rhodey is visiting, and Tony thinks of going to him, waking him, but he’s shaking too much to stand.
One moment he's at Tony's shoulder, the next he's reaching through the bars, faster than the strike of a cobra. Hammer lets out a sound like a wounded animal when super strong hands wrap around his throat, and lift his feet clear off the ground.
Tony reels him in for one more kiss. Steve surprises him by deepening it, sucking lightly at is tongue and biting gently at his bottom lip. Tony is panting when he pulls back, hyperaware that Steve's hand has crept beneath the covers, and his shirt to spread over his belly, holding him effectively to the bed. He blinks up at Steve, mouth open and swollen from their kisses. Blue eyes fix on his lips, the pupils blown wide and dark. Oh god. Steve leans in again, trailing kisses over his neck, nosing the collar of his shirt to track the chain holding his tag. He presses a kiss there over the metal, right over the hollow of his throat.
“I,”  He licked his lips again, breathed in and blew it out, “Thank you Steve, they’re gorgeous, I’m sure I’ll have the nicest ones in the room.”  He stepped back, smoothed his waistcoat, and straightened his tie, then reached out to give Steve’s arm an affectionate squeeze.  “I’ll see you tonight, promise I’ll be home before three.”  Tony said, turning on his heel to exit the room.  Steve tried and failed to avoid watching him walk away.
“Don’t be in a rush to get out there, a leanbh, I see you thinking.”  Sarah said, hugging him a little more tightly against herself.
“I uh...wasn't? You like them right.” Steve's probably red to his very toes, but he could not possibly care less when Tony's eyes meet his and a sly smile pulls across his lips. That's answer enough. This date will probably be the death of him, but he couldn't be happier.  He just hopes that Tony likes what he has in mind.  It's a risky thing, the plan he came up with late one night during the week Tony was off in Cairo.  Steve thinks of the red silk pouch in his bedside dresser and swallows heavily.
gotten the reactor? He doesn't know you can't live without it Tony.” Her words are still soft, but there's steel slipping into them now.
“C'mon Cap, let's go home.” Clint says carefully, after the service is done. In the distance he can see a massive crowd of people beyond roped off police lines.
What better place for Zemo to indulge in his disgusting delusions of grandeur than a place like Mamula, where so much suffering and evil had once been allowed to run rampant. Steve murmured a prayer for the dead under his breath as he set about scaling the first outer wall. Rut, and the anger he felt over the symbolic place Zemo chose for his base spurred him on, his fingers leaving dents in the aging masonry. If he could have, he would have torn the whole place down right then, brick by brick, the way he’d wanted to during the war if he’d even had half a chance.
“Clint huh, not bird boy, or tweety? I thought you liked me.” Clint is obviously trying to lighten Tony's mood, and it works somewhat. The corners of Tony's lips turn up when the cocktail is passed into his hand.  It's purple.  Tony stares at it for a moment before shrugging and taking a sip.
you Cap, did you think of that?” Iron Man sounds angry even through the voice modulation.  Steve frowns, locking eyes with glowing blue eyeslits.
Tony throws his hand out, snagging the pot of minty ointment from the side table frantically. It's cool to the touch, numbing his fingers even as he shoves a hand under his sweatshirt to rub the stuff all over his bruises. The effect is immediate, some of the pain and tenderness eases, allowing him to sit up fully again. It doesn't do much for the deep bruising, but it's just enough relief to avoid the heavy pain medication he loathes so much. Being out of it used to be a goal, now it's a liability.
“You're welcome, I'm glad.  That you liked it, I must get you accustomed to the good life somehow, mio caro.”  Tony says, smiling crookedly, fiddling with his fork atop his empty plate, then setting it down with a clink.
friend no less, but he's not a lover, and he doesn't want to be a lover. Silently cursing himself and his rampant libido, Tony pulls back, arms going out to put distance between himself and the very blissed out looking supersoldier above him.
Tony would be more worried about it if he wasn't so goddamn happy. Rhodey is probably going to name his first kid after Steve in honor of all this. In all honesty it's not that Tony dislikes the thought of someone clearly wanting to cherish him. It just makes him nervous. What if he reads something he don't like? What if Steve figures out the truth about Tony: That he's fucked up and tainted, and undeserving of someone like him, that he's hiding more secrets than a SHIELD dossier. And that's the kicker isn't it? Tony is
“Yeah, think I might know something about that sort of different.” Says Steve, and Tony sighs almost sadly, glance darting away. Steve shakes his head pulling him closer so that they're dancing cheek to cheek.
“I-yes, if you want that I will, for you, I can go more than once.” The words come out husky and almost jumbled. He doesn't know what his limits really are as far as coming if he's being truthful; but if Tony is involved, the sky is probably the limit.
“C’mon smart guy, I fail to see how that’s got anything to do with you.” How Tony arrived there, Steve had no idea, but he wasn’t going to let Tony continue thinking his touch was unwelcome, or that he was upset about it. Not for whatever reason he’d cooked up in that genius brain of his.  He shifted forwards, closer to Tony than even before, when Tony first sat down. Tony just watched him as if he didn’t quite know what to make of Steve coming closer. Steve didn’t say anything, just scooted so his knee brushed Tony’s while he worked on finishing the pizza as quickly as was polite. He felt Tony’s eyes on him, but he didn’t speak until Steve looked over at him and smiled while he chewed.
“Enough of that, handsome, I don't want to come just yet. Fingers out, and I'll show you how I like it. Are you ready, honey?” Tony says tightly, as if it's taking him a great effort to speak. For a moment Steve wonders if something is wrong but then feels a hot spike of arousal when the words register. He almost made Tony come with his fingers, he made him feel that good, and he can make him feel even better now. Tony knows, Tony will show him how, and he desperately wants to earn Tony's orgasm, to be allowed to give that to him.
“Do you really think I need to go see a shrink?” Steve asks, watching the play of Tony's hair over his gloves as he strokes through the inky black strands.
“I don’t like him, he’s a donkey’s rear end is all, he always acts like he’s so big and tough.  I mean, maybe I shouldn’t have socked him so good, he was crying like I took all his sweets on Christmas.”  Steve allowed, regret after getting into a fight wasn’t something he was unfamiliar with.  He supposed maybe he could have reasoned with Andy, but the sight of him menacing those little kids had made him see red.
“Where is he? Let me see him-” Tony perks up. That's a new voice, but it feels like the others do. They're just outside the doorway, but Tony knows none of the people in the tower are aware he's up and walking around.
“Why, Cap, you in the market for a billionaire?” He asks, truly curious as to where this conversation is going. Steve looks a little flushed, but he bulls on despite that.
“Zipped out like a dragonfly, don't worry about me Cap, you and Shellhead okay?” Jan calls, Steve can hear the flutter of her wings over the speakers.
Steve remembers the pale white lines of old scars and he feels like kicking himself. Shrapnel scars. Of course. Before he can insert his foot further into his mouth Dummy squeaks, drawing their attention upwards to where he's bobbing the new uniform around as if to say
“Soon, honey, oh-soon,” Tony sounds breathless, and he's so, so hard against Steve's hip where their bodies align, the tip of his cock hot and leaking a trail of precome. Steve groans, turning his head to press a kiss to Tony's cheek. Tony shivers, arching his neck in invitation, and Steve kisses him there, bites gently the way he knows Tony loves. He feels the breath quiver in Tony's stomach, and kisses Tony more, reveling in the way Tony has begun rocking against him, rubbing his pretty cock over Steve's hip, smearing precome over his skin. Steve feels himself leaking in response, so incredibly turned on by this all he has no words. Tony turns his head, and Steve kisses behind his ear, nosing against the dark hair curling there. His hair is still damp, smelling of his shampoo; something woodsy and citrusy and expensive enough to make Steve balk if he went to buy it himself.
“You're prettier,” He sighs, reaching up sightlessly and pulling Tony down against him. He goes down with a soft 'oof' of air and a laugh, tangling their legs together immediately.
“What about that?” Steve asks, coming to a halt so abruptly that Tony nearly runs into him. Following Steve's line of sight produces a-Tony does a doubletake-giant banana plush? It's bright yellow, made of a soft velveteen material, with big ridiculous hearts for eyes. Tony starts laughing before he can even fully process what his eyes are seeing.
“Yeah, I know, but he doesn't have to be alone. He's got me-us-uh the Avengers.” Steve is stammering,  Tony never imagined someone built like Cap could sound so flustered.  Tony watches with fascination as Steve's eyes dart around and his cheeks turn a pretty shade of pink. No. That's...that's impossible.
The sweatpants and shirt were soft too, lined with fleece on the inside.  They smelled recently laundered, but the hint of a sweet sort of scent clung to them.  He wondered if Tony’s friend had been an omega.  At least he wouldn’t get them all smelly now, he mused, as he pulled them on.  It was like being wrapped in a blanket, Steve hoped Tony would let him keep them.
“See you back at the tower Steve.” He murmurs giving Steve one last look, the expression in his eyes raw as Happy comes around to shut the door; hiding Tony from view. Steve slumps, frustration and longing coiling together in the pit of his stomach until he wants to go charging after the Rolls-maybe pull Tony out of the car and shake him until he sees the truth. Instead he settles for wandering back to the tower, where Jan takes one look at him and declares it's time for hot chocolate.
“Gee I don't know Tones, maybe it's because you've had a fucking crush on the guy since you were in training wheels-and maybe because he's so gone on you that I'm surprised he hasn't come down to serenade you yet.” He never should have shown Rhodey that picture of him in a Cap costume all those years ago.
“May I ask sir, why it is such a terrible thing to find Captain Rogers attractive? He appears to be a good man, trustworthy and concerned for your wellbeing. He brought pasta for you.” JARVIS makes it sound like that settles it all, as if pasta is the answer to all of Tony's vast and innumerable fucking problems with trust sprinkled with a healthy dose of how much do we hate ourselves today? If only it were so simple.
“My butler, but he’s family, so what do you think, should I tell him it’s a success?”  Iron Man asked, rocking a little bit on his heels in a movement that asked for approval.  Steve wondered how the guy could be uncertain when He’d just offered Steve the nicest place he’d ever stayed in.  Two weeks ago he had been sleeping in a tent in the woods, and Steve told him so.  He just brushed it off, saying it was not a big deal, and showed him the door to his bathroom, his own private bathroom.
“Hey you!”  He called, and the two men’s faces snapped towards him,  “Yeah you, you ugly schmucks, I’m talking to you!”  Peripherally, Steve was aware that maybe riling two big alphas up wasn’t the best idea, and they were definitely alphas, the scent of ozone and wind and something wild and spicy overlain by a heavy dose of the tobacco they must have favored hit his nose.  Yeah they were definitely alphas.  Steve swallowed and raised his fists.
pasta. You don't even know. If it were pasta or handjobs, he would probably pick the pasta.” Tony expects the crass wording to net at least a blush, but he's wrong.  Steve just looks like he's actually making note of this. Tony's not sure what to make of it. Pasta and Steve Rogers though. Tony's life is looking up.
“Her hair is red, I've seen it, her love feels like blood, mine too, I feel it, in my hands.” He says, frustrated and resigned as all are when speaking of a love they have yet to meet.
“You can’t even see my chest right now.”  Steve all but sputters, hot, embarrassed, and more than a little charmed despite himself.
“Yeah, yeah, well don’t tell them that, my reputation as a heartless jerk is very important to me.” Tony said seriously, but his expression was fond.
“Hey.” Steve says, looking completely unembarrassed by their having been going at it in the back of a car like a pair of horny teenagers.“Those are mine.”
Warnings:  Angst, Presumed death, Steve not coping well, Panic attacks/PTSD, and Sexual content (although not a ton) at two points, one of which is at the very beginning.
“You have won me sole custody of the gaming device for a week, and ten boxes of my favorite Midgardian snacks with your much anticipated union fair shieldbrothers. Long has Steven lusted-” Thor continues on, seemingly oblivious to Steve choking on a cough next to the stove. Beside him, Tony's eyes are slowly growing more round as Thor describes their mutual pining in great and embarrassing detail.
"I'm peachy, just a tech swap, you're the one with the broken bones here.” That might be so, but something about the reactor niggles at his subconscious. It's just too
this was selfish and wrong, but he couldn’t stop.  Couldn’t stop thinking of Tony kissing him, the way it would feel, the rub of his beard over his shoulders if Tony turned him over, if he were to hold Steve down on the bed and really fuck him.  Steve swore creatively, his cock was so hard in his hand, leaking already.
“Don't be a buzzkill birdbrain, you're just mad because you taught him how to do the booty bump and he hip checked your flat ass across the living room.” Metallic. That's the first word that comes to mind. Almost as if whoever is speaking is doing so through copper pipes. The rhythm of the words is fast, a whipcrack of intelligence behind them.
“Aw, them again, what is up with that?  I thought they were all in prison, or at least radioactive asshole was.”  Hawkeye had a killer five o’clock shadow going on, or maybe it was at least a day of growth.  He was also eating a slice of pizza.  It was pretty early, Steve supposed.
“Oh. Well, darling the trouble with that is that once I come, it's over, I'm finished.” Tony's gaze is hot, but his smile is so soft at the corners that it makes Steve's chest feel tight and fluttering. “You on the other hand, you can come again. You'll get hard again, won't you, for me? I want you to come as many times as you like. It's such a treat to watch you, and later, I'll feel it too, won't I?” The thought of that, being inside Tony, maybe coming inside him later. He wants it so much, he wants to give Tony what he's asking for, to be good for him, to show him how amazing he is, how good this all feels.
“None of 'em. Wanna take my motorcycle. That fancy enough for your blood, gorgeous?” Steve's Brooklyn drawl should come with a warning.
This chapter is from Steve's perspective.  The usual warnings apply, some religious imagery, talk of drowning, and presumed character death.  (no one is really dead though as we know)
“What's dirty by a villain's standards?” Tony asks, sauntering over to perch himself on the arm of the couch closest to Steve.
“Delicious, thank you Steve.” Tony murmurs. Steve nods dumbly, unable to speak for the next few minutes while tony settles against him and snuggles close.
“Hey bucket-head shouldn't you be resting?” Clint says, pointedly gesturing to their teammate with what's possibly one of the largest sandwiches he's ever seen.
“Yeah I.  That's what I said didn't I?”  Steve grumbles, feeling wrong-footed and off center as he always does when he might have put his foot in it.
“You’re having it delivered?” He said, and almost didn’t believe it was his own voice, choked with emotion as it was. Tony made a sound under his breath, his hand sliding from around Steve’s shoulder to stroke comfortingly at the back of his neck. Steve shivered with that touch, so warm and relaxing even through the material of the gloves.  It wasn't a gesture usually used on alphas at all, but it felt good, grounding.  He wondered if it was something Tony liked, being touched like that, he'd heard about the effect it had on omegas, being stroked there, but no one had ever done it to him.
takes that title, but we can't have it all.” He says, watching Thor spin across the dancefloor with Jane.  JARVIS just hums thoughtfully in response.
“Yeah, still going to need a little help, but I got things rolling.” The smirk on his face disappears as Steve reaches further down and in to rub his fingers over Tony's hole. He's wet with lube there, the muscle soft and relaxed enough for Steve to easily work the tip of one finger inside.
“I can usually smell it,” Steve said, feeling awkward and foolish even as the words left his mouth, “but I couldn’t with you. You’ve been smelling a little different though recently.” He hurriedly made an addendum to that when Tony’s eyebrows quirked upwards, “you smell good though, really good, nice, sweet.” Jesus, Mary, and Joseph.
Dutifully the rest of the non-fliers trickle into the jet, buckling themselves in and chattering away about their victory. In the reflective glass of the windshield the Widow's eyes meet his curiously, but she says nothing. Beside him Wasp has buckled in despite being flight capable. She smiles brightly at him as they take off.
“A test, what?”  Steve said, bewildered beyond belief.  On the ground, Waters groaned and slowly sat up with Erskine’s assistance.
"Tis a fragile thing, trust, and it can be broken easily. Glad I am to see you have his.” Thor says, breaking Steve out of his contemplation of hot tubbing with some of his favorite people.  Thor pauses, looking slightly sheepish. “Once did I try to carry him as you have. 'Twas ill advised, but Lady Jane advised to 'ice it' and then things were much improved.” Steve kind of wants to hear that story, but then Thor is stripping off his silky short robe and tossing it off to stand bare ass naked in the doorway save for a beaming smile.  “I shall have my pleasure now, it was good to speak with you.” Then he's turning around, baring his godly backside to Steve, and God, and the full moon outside the window. Steve wisely retreats down the hall after that. He flushes slightly and tries not to think of Thor's impressive
to Steve. A lie by omission, but it's still no less a falsehood than if he tried to convince him the sky is red instead of blue. He's come so close to telling Steve the truth so many times already, but he's terrified, and he's always been a selfish thing when he loves. He doesn't want to lose Steve, and there is no doubt in his mind that Steve would be less than thrilled if he found out his pal Iron Man was also Tony Stark. No one wants Iron Man to be Tony Stark, no matter what Natasha seems to think.
The ice creaks, and the darkness pulls him down, down into the deep, yawning wide, a leviathan consuming time. Until one ceaseless night things begin to change. His dreams begin to twist, to take a different shape.
not real. Fury said it himself.”  And Fury may not have any power over the team anymore, not since Tony became their backer-but his words still burned.
Tony swallows visibly, but soon his eyes are slipping shut again as Steve runs his fingers through his dark tangled hair. He doesn't fall as deeply asleep as before, but he dozes on and off until lunch rolls around. His squawk of affront is absolutely worth the jab to the side when Steve rolls him up in the blankets and carries his squirming package into the kitchen.
Steve stares at them for long moments, wondering at the thoughtfulness of the gesture.  He wonders how many other things Tony has bought with bringing him here in mind. The sweetness of that, the thoughtfulness of it, makes him flush, a dopey sort of smile pulling across his face that he quickly schools away when he catches sight of himself in the mirror.  A pair of toothbrushes sit innocuously on the vanity as well as a few jars of Steve's favorite hair pomade. Steve swallows thickly, overcome suddenly with everything Tony is doing for him. These little things that really prove what they have is real.
“God, Tony, yeah, yeah it's mmm, it's silk lace.” It's difficult to think with the way Tony's hands are moving, tugging his pants further down and driving his need higher and higher.
Warnings in this chapter for-Some suicidal ideation on Tony’s part, religious imagery, angst, and of course a lot of discussion of drowning.
“Ah, he seems very intent that you do so in a timely manner, as he states the likelihood of your teammates returning within the next hour and a half is quite probable.” JARVIS rarely sounds amused, but Steve catches a hint of it this time. He freezes, mulling over the meaning of JARVIS' words and flushing all over when they register. Carefully he packs away the few frozen goods before all but hightailing it over to where Tony is waiting for him.
“Bucky!”  He cried, running towards his friend, the man he failed to protect so completely.  He disappeared before Steve could reach him.  Steve’s head whipped up, seeing a flash go around the corner.  There he was.  There was noise in his ear, garbled voices.  He ignored them, giving chase to that apparition.
Tony shifted, turning towards him on the couch.  Steve’s eyes were drawn down to  the open vee of his shirt.  There was a scar just visible.  The top of it thin and growing wider as it disappeared beneath the fabric, like a shooting star emblazoned into his flesh.  Tony noted his stare and cleared his throat, doing up the buttons with one hand.  “You were cold.”  He said simply.
“Oh yeah, worth getting out of bed.” He mutters, before slogging off to pour himself a cup of coffee. Steve piles a plate high with food, smiling at Tony's back helplessly and taking his seat at the table with the other Avengers present.
Zemo had escaped prison.  Steve picked up the paper with shaking hands.  The headline seemed to taunt him, the bold black letters made his gut churn.  He should have killed him when he had the chance.  He shouldn’t have shown mercy, and now that maniac, that killer was out free, enjoying his life.  The paper ripped in half between his hands as the drop hit him suddenly.
“Oh sure, yeah queue it up Jay.” Everyone settles in after that, Tony finally reprising his customary spot atop Steve to watch the rest of the movie. Steve runs his hands over Tony, and snuggles him close. Maybe this is all they will ever get to do, but he really can't complain too much; no matter what his libido would like to argue. Having Tony's affection and trust is worth all the sexual frustration in the world.
He's aware that he's got it bad. the last time he was this gone on someone he was being shot at while holding a shield he wasn't entirely certain offered any protection
“That so, and here I thought a futurist like you woulda seen this coming.” He means to, well he doesn't really know what he means to do. The sight of Tony all hot and bothered beneath him with his shirt rucked up into something more like a necklace than a piece of clothing registers with sudden clarity in his mind. His creeping fingers gentle against Tony's stomach, the touch becoming featherlight over the firm muscle there. Tony stills, making a soft questioning sound when Steve touches over his hipbones, then further up, ghosting over heated flushed skin. Tony sucks in a sharp breath, goosebumps breaking out everywhere, and Steve bites his lip as he feels a shiver work through the body beneath his.
“Right,”  Tony said, and licked his lips, Steve felt himself go hot, the still lingering rush was not helping matters at all, “well then Steve, come on down to the kitchen, I was talking to Jarvis, and we thought maybe you might like some soup, but if that’s a no, then I’ve got a basket full of delivery menus you can look through.”  He turned as Steve released his forearm.  Steve was immediately sad to lose the warmth of him, but he stayed by Steve’s side while leaving the gym and getting into the elevator.
“If he's missing and he's trying to find a way to my tech, the best way to deal with that, with the least possible collateral damage is to give him what he wants. Or to
An hour later, freshly showered and scrubbed clean, he was furtively putting his sheets in the wash when Natasha walked into the room. She had a cup of tea in her hand. Her nostrils flared slightly. She took a sip of her tea, eyeing him over the rim. He tried not to look like a man who’d been guiltily masturbating over pictures of his friend and teammate. He wasn’t sure if he was entirely successful.
“I thought well, it would be easier to bring it all to you, there’s one thing I um, I had, in a vault because it seemed really important, and I want to, no I need to give it back to you.” Tony stood then, taking all his warmth with him, and walking over to the door. He called to Jarvis down the hall, disappearing for a moment, and returning with a big square of glass, with a yellowed canvas held within it. “She’s beautiful, by the way.” He said quietly, passing the glass into Steve’s shaking hands.
“You gonna rap my knuckles with a ruler?”  Steve eats his forkful, crunching on it maybe more loudly than strictly necessary.
“Still prettier,” He insists, the effect somewhat ruined by how soft and slurry his voice is.  Tony sighs, stroking his sweaty hair back from his face gently.
''Shall I call Lieutenant Colonel Rhodes for you then?” JARVIS asks thoughtfully.  Tony shakes his head emphatically. Rhodey will just tell him to tell everyone his secret identity and then suggest hitting on Steve because he's a madman and not to be trusted. He doesn't understand why Pepper thinks Rhodey is the responsible one.
“What if I were hiding something from you then, what if something is wrong with me, what if I'm not who you think I am-”
“No!”  Tony said with surprising vehemence.  “I want them!  I really want them, Steve, trust me.  They’re beautifully made.”  He was smiling wide now, Steve’s favorite smile to see on his face.  He laid his hand on Steve’s arm.  “Thank you, I’ll wear them and think of you.”
He’s not afraid of the ocean, it’s been drowning him for years. He sinks down, lets it carve paths around him, lets it kick up swirling whirlpools of silt around his body-lets his knees dig divots into the sand. He sinks down and lets it wash over him, briny and salt wet-a different kind of baptismal he hopes will somehow call to the other side of his soul.
“I'll get it. Stark you look terrible.” Clint cuts in, pushing back from the table and going over to bang around in the in-room bar. Tony winces, but doesn't complain. He does pat the armored hand on his shoulder though, before letting his hands drop back to the table, where he immediately begins to fidget.
“Oh god, no he won't, oh wow.” Tony says, just a little faintly-arousal warring with morality for the nth time since this whole throttling business started.
“He tried to kidnap me, a few months before Steve was found and it didn't turn out too well for him.”
The mug in his hand clatters to the floor, shattering on impact, spilling its contents across the floor. It smells of incense, smoky trails oozing from a thurible, swinging slow like the rhythm of a thudding heart. Tony breathes in deep, and opens his eyes.
“I do, like a pro, you wish you had firsthand experience Katniss.”  Suggestion drips off of Tony's words, and Steve tries not to think about that overmuch. His pants are tight enough after most things that get the adrenaline flowing without adding the thought of Tony's potentially very talented mouth to the list.
“Can we watch another movie?” Well, it was worth a try. Tony sighs, settling down against Steve and telling JARVIS to queue up Monsters Inc-Steve is having a passionate affair with PIXAR Tony just knows it. After a few minutes Steve pulls Jan's blanket back on and kisses the top of his head. Tony snuffles into the space between them sleepily.
“Yes,” Tony says thickly “Oh yeah, that is mmm, you learn fast honey, so fast, what a good boy you are, what a good boy for me,” Tony pants out, letting go of his knee to reach down and squeeze his hand around Steve's wrist as if he's guiding him there. Steve can't help the way his body goes hot, molten, melts with those words. His cock is so hard, heavy and bobbing between his legs as he works Tony open further, he thinks maybe he could come just from this, with Tony around his fingers and his sweet words in his ears.
“I am not!”  Tony squawked, his eyes going wide, as if Steve were blaspheming Jesus, Mary, and Joseph, and maybe all the choirs of angels too.  Steve pointed at his face, wagging his finger.
“No, it's not just a sex thing.” Tony admits when the silence drags, chewing on the inside of his cheek to keep from just absolutely losing it.  “How did this happen?” He whispers, and Rhodey-the bastard-snorts.
“I love you.”  He says quietly into the room, to the sleeping man in his arms.  Maybe he’ll be brave enough to say it when Tony is awake sometime soon.  For now this is bravery enough, even though he thinks Tony must know.
“I know you want me to be rougher with you sometimes, but just let me-” His own voice sounds almost foreign as aroused as he is. “let me do this, want you to feel good sweetheart.” He follows that request with the press of first one finger, then two into the slicked opening of Tony's body. Tony is certainly open enough for it, but there's still a stretch, tension in the line of Tony's back when he slips a third into him and spreads his fingers apart. For once Tony doesn't seem to have much to say. He lets go of the red material of his thong, gasping when Steve twists his other hand in it and all but rips it off. It's a small concession to Tony's desire to see Steve lose some of his control, and he can't deny the satisfaction it gives him when Tony presses back against his fingers with arousal and excitement. Steve spreads his fingers a little wider, and slips his other hand down to palm over the hot thick length of Tony's dick, and Tony's back bows, mouth opening in a wordless shout. It's beautiful,
“You got yourself a deal.”  He said, standing behind Tony while they were checked into their room.  Which ended up being a huge suite with a view of Gillette Stadium, where the game would be played the next day.  There was a sitting room, with doors that led off to individual bedrooms with attached bathrooms.  Steve didn’t even want to think about how much the place had cost to rent.
He listened to the muffled hum of Tony’s voice until he heard the lights click off, and the sitting room went silent.  The bed was comfortable, but his heated blanket and his water bottles were all the way back in New York.  He was keyed up too, his body seemingly aware that the person he wanted most was just a short ways away.  Steve took a few deep breaths and blew them out.  The game was just a few hours away, Tony would notice if he was a sleep deprived zombie, and Steve didn’t want to have to explain why he’d been awake all night.
“They didn’t really tell me much, I know we’re here about qualifying for some fancy program, but it’s all Greek to me.”  Steve said, patting Hayward’s hand when she grunted in affirmation.
“He is in the music room, I believe he would appreciate your company.” The A.I. briefly illuminates a map of the mansion across his wall, one tiny red dot blinking where Tony must be, and Steve already has the layout of the place memorized, but he appreciates it nonetheless. Steve nods, careful not to make much noise as he walks down to the room in question. The doors to the room are open, spilling light and warmth out into the hall. A roaring fire burns in the fireplace, logs crackle and pop filling the space with rich golden and orange light. Tony is laid out on his side in a veritable nest of pillows with an oversized white crochet blanket draped over his form. Warm light slants over his features, catching on the gleam of his barely open eyes. His palm is pressed against his chest, a lovingly polished violin sits on a stand just beside the pillows. A book of sheet music; old and worn as if it belongs to a time even before his own is propped up on a table nearby, but Tony's gaze is fixed on the fire, clearly lost in thought.
“Oh,”  Steve said, his eyebrows climbing upwards, “how long do I have to pack, when’s the flight leaving?”
“Can't have that, now can we?” He murmurs, opening the lube to pour a generous portion over his hand. Tony watches him avidly, gaze dropping down, white teeth digging into his bottom lip when Steve strokes himself slick. Having all of Tony's focus always feels monumental, and it's no different today.
Steve shakes his head, saying “You know I don’t fit in with any of them, with you and Mr. Rhodes. I’m just some loser who went to a state school and doesn’t know what ‘pleh-tew de fru de mar’ is. I’m just your gardener, pool boy, manual laborer, whatever.”
“Hi,” Tony says. He’s looked better; the dark circles under his eyes are prominent, and there’s something dark and greasy-looking staining his hands and stuck under his fingernails.
it’s not because of his looks, but Doms lie all the time. He’s gonna be stuck in this rat bastard’s house for a month and have to see what the other subs he brings in go through, and know that he can’t do anything to prevent it.
A round of sympathetic sighs echo around the table, with Jacqueline chiming in again, “That’s so awful. He was so bright, and now he’s stuck at a
Emily looks conflicted, torn between admitting that she is, in fact, little, and wanting to appear grown-up in front of adults. The bribe of candy wins, and she leaps at him, trying to get the chocolate.
“Anthony Edward Stark-Rogers, where are your manners?” Steve looks annoyed, but Tony’s been around him enough to know that he’s not actually mad. This is further confirmed by Steve pulling out a still-warm plate of food from the oven and setting it in front of Tony’s seat, which is right next to him.
He steps out onto the platform, and Richard says the same thing to him -- that he needs everything hemmed and that his blazer makes him look like a Lego person. The fitting takes about fifteen minutes, with Steve eyeing him up the whole time.
“Aww, he’s so cute! What’s your name, sweetheart?” And that would be Laurene doing her best impression of someone who
“I remember. But that doesn’t change the fact that I’m not allowed inside of The Palazzo because of you. Also, what kind of coffee table do you want?”
“Thank you, Mr. Tony!” Emily calls out as she runs into the backroom to enjoy her treat, not pausing for a second.
“I played football, ma’am,” he says, like a fool. Tony really should have coached him on how to navigate conversations with this crowd.
Steve carries Tony into the elevator up to their bedroom, sets him down on their bed, and enthusiastically
“They’re perfect,” he replies flatly, handing them to Ana so that she can find a vase for them and keep them far away from him. He goes to wash his hands of the pollen, hoping to prevent his eyes from getting red and puffy this time.
love Rachael Ray, but we’re here for a reason. Also, we need to discuss your pot-hoarding habit. Anyways, what do you think of this plate for Peter and MJ?”
Steve feels something in him crack, and there are tears stinging his eyes without his permission. “What do I want? I want out of this contract! I want a Dom who won’t throw me away when I start dropping! I want my stupid dishonorable discharge removed! I want to get a real job! I want my ex-Dom in jail! I--” and suddenly he’s on the floor, sobs wracking his body. He hates this, he hates this stupid contract and he hates Tony’s concern for him and he hates every little decision he ever made that led him to this point.
“Oh but that’s not all, Tones! They had little Kyle’s great-uncle make a call to the dean, and suddenly the brat is a member of the incoming class!”
“I regret to inform you that you have your quarterly fiscal review tomorrow at 9:30 AM,” intones JARVIS in his usual slightly-sarcastic British cadence. “In addition, you appear to have neglected your visitor.”
Steve rolls his eyes. “Because I was poor, wanted money for college, and it was either the military or a shady dating website for lonely, rich Doms who want pictures of my feet.”
on your face?” Steve looks mildly horrified, but Tony is just happy that he can still surprise his husband even after all these years.
“A Dom who won’t throw you away? I wanted to say that was me, but I don’t think you think that’s possible right now. I’m sorry, honey. I shouldn’t have said what I said to you. I understand why you want another Dom.”
The stranger panics, and rushes to say “No, wait, I really am from the agency, here let me—“ and the man scrambles for his phone, rifling through his bag. Tony sighs, puts the safety back on, and puts his pistol back. This might as well happen. Goddamn Natasha, always trying to set him up. At least it’s not a socialite this time.
He emails the lucky candidate back, congratulating him and asking him to start on Monday, 8 AM sharp, and lets his auto-reply algorithm take care of the rest. After a long, hard day of figuring out step one of his revenge, he leaves a message for an old friend before heading to bed.
This story, in terms of plot, is done, however, I think I *will* be publishing a ninth chapter for this as an epilogue. That one will probably take longer than a week to get up, since I'm moving back to college next week.
I don't have anything to say for myself other than I was listening to a lot of My Chemical Romance while I was writing this and I think you can tell.
He knows that Sunset’s office is a dead zone; nothing he says here will make it back to anyone he knows, so he opens up readily.
First chapter done! Stay tuned for the next one where Steve and Rhodey show up and Tony gets his flirting tips from The Game by Neil Strauss.
“I yield! I yield!” Tony says, before her elbow can catch him in the stomach. He relinquishes the candy bar, and Emily smirks at him like she’s won, because she has.
. I read Christine Everhart’s memoir about you in my Submissives in Modern Literature class back in college.”
He jogs off, probably to head to his own car. Theirs is idling a few blocks down, doors unlocking as Happy sees them approaching. Steve lets out an audible sigh of relief as the doors shut and they start to drive off.
“Oh, whatever. You would do the same if you and Carol weren’t so disgustingly perfect for each other.” He watches as Rhodey’s smile goes soft and wistful at the mere mention of his wife, ugh, Jesus, gross, happiness in matrimony.
Rhodey gives him a lopsided, very drunk smile. “Of course, Tones. Us Real Housewives have to stick together.”
Tony glares at him stubbornly, which is unfairly adorable. “Entertaining! We could use it for dips!”
Finally, there’s Steve Rogers. First of all, Steve was a frat boy who studied at SUNY Albany, immediately marking him as a meathead whose mind is semi-coherent at best, and worse after a few Bud Lights. Steve is also a football star who couldn’t go pro. The implied sustained brain damage suits his needs perfectly. Lastly, Steve thought it was appropriate to say that he ended his last serious relationship and quit his last job all at the same time, and is looking for a fresh start.
Before Tony can slip off with Steve entirely, Rhodey flags them down, ushers them onto a busier street so they’ll have cover. “I hired the PIs, spoke with them last night. We should get an update within the next week or so. Is that okay?”
This sets off another round of laughter, and makes the entire upper half of Steve’s body go bright pink. He makes the mistake of trying to defend himself and says, “I’m-- I’m just a gardener, sir. I’m not-- I don’t want to get in the way of Mr. Stone’s marriage. That would be inappropriate of me.”
After their lunch break, they head back over to their car, and head to their last stop of the day, Tony’s personal tailor, to get their suits for the upcoming charity gala altered.
He’s roped Happy into driving them to his favorite little French place where he’s made reservations with all of his friends. They all know that he’s bringing a date, and have undoubtedly been circulating some wonderfully fantastical rumors.
“Mr. Stone, you’re still talking to yourself.” Right. The conversation that he was supposed to have with Steve.
“Richard! Good to see you again,” says Steve, standing up from the waiting room’s couch. “Are those ours?”
Oh. Of course. Mr. Stone wasn’t actually trying to seduce him, he has… a successful husband. Generational wealth. The love and adoration of the press. He doesn’t need Steve.
Steve doesn’t exactly know why Mr. Stone had Jarvis and Ana take the day off, but he’s definitely planning on complaining. They’re “receiving guests” today, which means he’s in charge of preparing food and drinks in addition to his usual work.
you want to go to sleep.” Tony’s tone is playful, but now that Steve’s coming down from the flood of adrenaline and emotions, he feels ragged and ready to collapse.
Rhodey pulls him into a full-bodied hug as Tony lets himself be weak for five minutes. His mascara is going to be ruined, but he can’t bring himself to care.
Betty passes around her phone so everyone can look at the monstrosity that Jeff’s now-wife decided to wear to their wedding, and Tony has to agree, it
All three of them start to laugh, and Tony can’t help but flush red as he drinks his coffee. They’re talking about… his night with Steve. It makes sense, he supposes. Subs swap sex stories all the time. According to the rumors he’d heard as a teenager, that’s what they do at sleepovers, when they aren’t having lingerie pillow fights.
First, there’s Thor, some Norwegian exchange student who always wanted to make it big in America through male modelling but didn’t make the cut. Tony thinks it’s a pity he didn’t send the application link over to a few of his friends that
When they arrive, Laurene, with very wide eyes, waves them over to their usual private table, with her, Betty, Jacqueline, and Rhodey. Bringing Steve has already had the intended effect.
“Well - and this is alleged, because I heard it from Laurene who heard it from Jacqueline - but the rumor is that he threatened to send her back to Ukraine because she didn’t make his drink right.”
Tony grins, and reaches into his pants pocket to pull out a chocolate bar that he’d swiped from Clint’s stash of candy. “Oh really? Well, I guess that means you don’t like candy anymore, then?”
Steve gingerly places his fingertips on Tony’s waist, silently asking for permission. When Tony gives him a subtle nod, he lifts his husband into a bridal carry, and Tony’s arms wrap around his shoulders.
Or, well, they would have gotten the full brunch menu, if Laurene, being the evil witch that she is, didn’t have the nerve to say “You can take those away, everyone here knows what they want, don’t we, ladies? Gentlemen?”
Steve follows the smell of warm cinnamon and vanilla and sees Tony Fucking Stark making hot chocolate. With real chocolate, of course, because he’s Tony Fucking Stark.
Everyone at the table is looking at them now, some with amusement, like Steve is a clumsy exotic pet that Tony’s getting to perform a trick, but Rhodey is watching intently, trying to see if Steve will pass some sort of esoteric, unbeknownst-to-him test.
He leaves the other man on the couch and heads to his bedroom. He can get more clothes in the morning, but for tonight a pair of sweatpants and an oversized hoodie should do the trick.
Steve nods, and Tony turns to head in and see what Ty’s decided to be mad about today, swaying slightly from the alcohol catching up with him. Or he would have, if his legs had decided to cooperate.
Apologies for Rhodey not being in this one; I got ahead of myself when I was looking at my outline and thought that chapter 3 was part of chapter 2. I'm in the process of writing that chapter currently.
One of her hands slides down Ty’s back pocket, squeezes his ass, and slips him a business card. He gets up from the couch to take a better look at it.
“And. And one night, he had me tied up in bed, and I was mad that day, so I guess you could say it was my fault, I kept egging him on, you know I’m kind of an asshole. And he just. Snapped. Ignored all of my safewords, dislocated my shoulder, broke a couple of my ribs, and left me there. I got out of the ropes after tugging on them for
Both Tony and Rhodey are well-versed in the art of staggering up stairs while drunk, courtesy of their wild nights out at MIT (and by wild nights, Tony means sneaking into bars and seeing how many drinks they could convince sorority girls to buy for them). That doesn’t mean that it’s easy to get them both up the stairs and Rhodey into a spare bedroom.
The other item of note is a nondescript lavender-colored paper bag from Tony’s tailor. It wouldn’t be anything special, but the usual bags are a pastel yellow. Which means Steve’s lingerie is here. He sets the lavender bag aside and stashes all of the other packages in the closet, and places the box with Steve’s collar on the bedside table. When he’s finished, he rushes out of the room and to his workshop with the bag of lingerie in hand.
“How about this one?” Steve calls over to him, pointing out a small, round table that would fit perfectly in their living room, except for one
Tony walks over to the living room and is presented with the other man’s phone, showing a very official email from an @SADA.gov email address informing the nice man — Steven G. Rogers — that he’s been assigned to a Dominant for the next month, so that checks out.
Mr. Rhodes snorts at that, commenting, “How very in-character for him,” while finishing off his second drink in only a few minutes.
Mr. Rhodes turns to Mr. Stone and says, “Well, if anything, at least you got a concubine that can cook! That’ll be useful, right?”
“Watch your tone, or I might run away with one of the Property Brothers. I heard Jonathan is still single.”
The next fic that I'm gonna post will be a fill for the Cap-IM Tiny Reverse Bang, and then I have a couple of WIPs that I'm working on, namely another RhodeyTony college AU and a longer one about Steve and Tony being a domestic power couple. Also, I'm moving into my apartment this week and gearing up to start college again, fun times!
Tony gets a little misty-eyed, thank God for his sunglasses. “Have I ever told you that you’re an amazing friend and that I owe you my firstborn?”
Steve is hesitant to leave the man alone, but he doesn’t want to be caught half-hard staring at another man’s sleeping husband, so he turns off the lights, closes the door, and heads back into the hallway to take himself back to the cottage.
It’s been so much easier to read through Ms. Steel’s oeuvre than to do anything else, lately. His robots must miss him.
“I’m not asking for you. I’m asking for me, and my own pride. JARVIS, look up all of the members of Steve’s unit, filter for anyone named Brock with a pattern of anger issues.”
“No, I don’t want to do a scene right now.” Steve’s not an idiot; he knows not to agree to a scene with a Dom that’s angry, especially when he’s angry too.
Tony takes one of the half-shells from the platter and hands it to Steve, who is staring at the shellfish like it might come back to life and try to kill him. “Well? Go on then, try it!”
Enter Tony Stark, 20 years old, fresh out of MIT’s PhD program, and absolutely gorgeous, if a little scruffy around the edges. Nothing a few nudges from his adoring husband towards the spa couldn’t fix.
Maybe that’s his angle. Maybe that’s what gets a Dom like Tony Stark off; playing cruel mind games with everyone around him. Steve represses a shudder at the thought. The other man’s probably not even gonna come back down, or if he is, he’s coming back down with a chastity belt or nipple clamps or…
A healthy crowd of photographers have gathered by the doors of the restaurant by the time they get around to leaving, so Tony takes the opportunity to link arms with Steve as they walk out, sunglasses on and expression very carefully neutral. Multiple flashes go off, which makes Steve startle a bit and stumble slightly -- this lets him have Steve lean on him for support, something that will undoubtedly look enticing on the cover of a gossip rag.
Sunset runs her nails through his hair, and he leans into the touch. “What are you angry about today, dear?” she croons into his ear, breath tickling his neck.
WHEW WE'RE DONE LADS! I can't believe it, this is the longest thing I've ever written. Thank you to everyone who's read, left kudos, and commented. And a special thank you to my wonderful beta reader aisu_hawk, who put up with me procrastinating on writing chapters and tight deadlines.
“Someone who knows how to get things done. This probably won’t get through your thick skull, so I’ll have my people call you. You know how angry you were when you found out that Howard had locked you out of Anthony’s trust fund?”
“Good morning to you too, beloved,” he says, smiling as he turns to his husband, whose hair is still damp from his post-workout shower. He’s wearing a bright blue tank top and khakis, because Tony married someone who appreciates the art of being cheesy.
“No, but the kids all went out to the amusement park without us.” He gives Tony a sly glance, hoping that the kiss in the car was enough of a hint.
is the last thing that crosses Tony’s mind about Ty as he calls for Jarvis to bring him some wine, and settles back into his lounge chair to read about how Alex and Richard survived their trip to Moscow.
He ignores the second part of the question and focuses on the first. “No, you’re way too busy for me, you made that extremely clear.”
See, I told you it was worth it to just stay in New York! You may be mentally and emotionally fulfilled by your career but I’m the one that knows that there are photos of Latverian royalty getting a lap dance from a male stripper on several people’s phones!
Tony sighs. “Steve, for fuck’s sake, you’re making no sense right now, and we’re both clearly upset. Come to bed, we can talk about this in the morning.”
Whew, another slightly longer update! Yet again this chapter got away from me. This week was a Lot for me (So. Many. Physics. Assignments.), so I'm just glad that I got this out on time. Hope you enjoy!
Rhodey huffs out a laugh and pulls him into a hug. “I don’t want your firstborn, Carol and I don’t have time for kids. I
make it, because holy hell, the man is stunning. He went to school in Europe, though, which probably means he’s smart. Tony isn’t looking for smart, he needs young, dumb and gorgeous.
Tony’s looking a little agitated, which sets his alarm bells off a little, but he wills himself to not resort to SADA training and start immediately apologizing. He can assert himself if he wants to.
When he gets back to bed, Steve looks so damn cozy and comfortable, he wants to take a picture. Tony crawls under the covers and wraps his arms around his husband, kissing the back of his neck. Steve stirs slightly, and turns around to face him, looking very, very content.
Step one starts with asking Ty’s permission to do something. This is always irritating and goes against the very fibre of his being, but he needs to be able to say that Ty was on board with it, should he get angry.
“Bye guys, we’ll be back in a few hours!” Steve calls out to the group. There are various sounds of assent from the living room, and Clint gives them a thumbs-up, so the two of them take the elevator down to the garage.
“I guess I’ll have to protect you then, Mr. Stark.” Steve’s grinning despite himself. They’ve been married for
While Tony was salivating over the possibilities of fucking with Ty using this blonde, painfully athletic fool, the auction for the villa ended, someone else having taken it at the last second for $6.3 million. Tony is too enamored with Steve to care. There was probably something wrong with the place if the price was that low, anyways.
“Steven? Steve? You with me, honey?” He shifts into the voice he used to use with his one-night stands, soft and gentle. He brushes a few errant hairs out of Steve’s face. Which makes him stir a little bit.
Rhodey looks intrigued by this, Tony’s finally hit upon a piece of gossip that his friend doesn’t know.
I swear I didn't mean to make this chapter this sad. Also this is probably a bad time to announce that this fic is on hiatus until I finish exams on December 18th.
problem. Tony raps his knuckles against the surface, and looks up at Steve, having confirmed what he’d thought.
, the cut of the deep blue jacket making his shoulders look even broader, and the subtle pinstripe on the pants doing wonders for his legs.
Steve hefts Mr. Stone up onto his shoulder and carries him through the back door. Tiberius leads him up the stairs, directs him to the master bedroom (“all the way at the end of the hallway, next to the portrait of us together”), and then disappears down a corridor to “work on something.”
Tony tries to make his shower as quick as possible, leaving in his conditioner for only ten minutes, and when he gets out, leaving in his hair mask for only fifteen. He tugs on his sleeping robe, made of soft, thin red silk, and goes to rejoin his husband.
Tony rolls his eyes at him and smiles. “I know you know what a frittata is, don’t play dumb.” He’s caught Steve watching those mind-numbing cooking show competitions too many times for him to believe that Steve doesn’t know.
Just took a medical anatomy midterm and I did? Okay? On it? Perhaps? Anyways I hope you enjoy this chapter!
Steve heads back to the grill to pack up at least half of the ribs as leftovers for his own lunch and dinner, when he hears Mr. Stone and Mr. Rhodes talking animatedly about something, and well, he can’t help but eavesdrop on the conversation.
The man must be incredibly drunk. In all his time working here, Steve’s never seen Mr. Stone this out of it. Maybe he was a little heavy-handed with the gin in those cocktails.
They get back out of the car and walk down the street, as Steve intertwines his fingers with Tony’s and leads the way.
...pants. He came down with pants and a shirt, like he said he would. Both pieces of clothing have large MIT logos on them. Okay, so they’re in the ‘establish a false sense of security’ stage of things.
Steve stands up on shaky legs, and Tony stands up with him. He catches a glimpse of himself in the polished chrome of the refrigerator, and he looks ridiculous. Red, puffy eyes and wearing a set of clothes that are clearly too small for him. “I. I don’t know how I feel about you right now. I’m gonna deal with that later.”
Steve, in his delightfully Steve-esque way, says “I had clam chowder in Massachusetts, does that count?”
Ty’s entire face goes a blotchy red, his features contorting into an ugly snarl, and before they can start their third screaming match of the day, Tony grabs his robe and goes to the pool to do some reading.
Steve sighs, obviously still convinced that he’s in the right but unwilling to continue the debate. “Anything with dark wood, it’ll match the couches better.”
“Come on, man. Why am I here, really? We don’t talk for months and suddenly you hired a… concubine? To be Jarvis’ understudy? And you want to start up the divorce again after you told me to drop it?”
Steve turns around to see a Black man with short, cropped hair and a bright smile telling Mr. Stone to “get off of me and let me get some alcohol in me before we talk, you’re a menace, Anthony Stark,” trying to pry Mr. Stone off of him and walking toward the deck chairs.
“Well, what do you wanna watch?” Tony asks, lying down on the couch directing Steve to lie down with him, nestled close to his chest.
This, for some reason, doesn’t make Steve less tense, but he doesn’t have time to consider it as the server looks at him intently.
Oh sure, Tony was different from his father, had no interest in the company, just wanted to tinker with his robots and play housewife. But he still had the damn last name. Or did, before Ty convinced him to change it. Together, they told the press that it was because they were in love. He told Tony that it was for Tony’s own benefit, didn’t he
Before Steve can turn to look at who their -- evidently only -- guest is, Mr. Stone is bounding across the lawn, yelling “Rhodey! You showed up on time!” before embracing him in a hug and twirl.
Steve considers their massive collection of pots and pans, and says very decisively, “No we do not.”
Tony’s barely paying attention to the movie. He’s been keeping an eye on Steven the whole time, and sometime in between the leading girl being mean to a store clerk and the leading girl crying in a restaurant, he ended up with an armful of completely-under submissive. That’s no good, because he
“Carol’s been so busy this past year, she finally got some time off so we can think about starting a family. We’re just waiting for this election season to wrap up, and we’ll start trying after the last charity gala of the year. That’s SI’s this time around, right?”
“Look, Steven, right? I don’t know what Natasha told you, but I don’t have the time for, or need, a sub right now. I’m busy, it’s the end of the fiscal year
“That’s not all, though! Apparently, she got so mad at him that the next time she made him his drink, she put arsenic in it, and that’s why he’s on an ‘extended vacation.’ He’s not on vacation, he’s in the hospital!”
He’s almost offended. Ty is not only sleeping around, but he’s sleeping around with someone who doesn’t even have good taste. The least he could do is find someone that doesn’t buy their beauty supplies from the convenience store’s clearance section.
After half an hour of looking at the (admittedly very limited) selection, Steve finds something that actually looks nice. It’s blue-toned silver and off-white, with a subtle scalloped pattern all over it, giving it a beachy feeling. The wedding’s taking place in New York, but both MJ and Peter love the ocean, so Steve thinks it’ll be perfect.
the SUNY system! It gives so many underprivileged youth the chance to become something. Not to mention how hands-on the education is. Everyone there is so delightfully honest, you know?” Tittering from around the table informs him that everyone agrees.
Steve reluctantly thanks him, because his mother raised him right, and slips on the clothes. They’re soft, obviously well-worn, and a little tight, but not uncomfortable. While he was getting dressed, his Dom was in the kitchen heating something up.
Ivy? Poor dear, it’s a good thing his father owns 51% of the firm, I don’t know where he’d end up otherwise.”
They pull into the parking lot of the furniture store and walk inside, waving off the customer service rep in favor of looking at the living room sets themselves.
See you next Thursday (11/12/20) where we'll hopefully... know who the US president is. And Steve finally gets to put his lingerie to use.
Tony scoffs at that, says “Tiberius couldn’t find his way to his own stylist if we didn't have Happy. Trust me, he won’t know. Plus, I’m nearly certain that he’s been having his own little dalliance with someone who’s far less expensive than I am, so I truly can’t bring myself to care.”
His husband, the rat bastard, is about three hours away from coming home, so Tony has some time to think. He could yell and scream, which would make him feel better in the short term, sure, but he has to think about the long term.
Well, that’s both concerning and relieving. Steve moves to start kissing Tony again, but the driver (Happy? His name can’t actually be Happy) tells him to “Keep it in your pants unless you wanna pay for the cleaning, I swear to God, this car costs more than your old house. You sure know how to pick ‘em, Tony."
SADA? Why would they need to be involved? He’s happy -- he’s safe and warm and comfortable inside Tony’s arms and in his bed. He’s even wearing Tony’s collar. Everything’s perfect. He shakes his head and makes a vague noise that he hopes registers as a ‘no.’
The actual brunch is relatively tame from that point onward, with only Betty fishing for gossip and Rhodey easily able to curtail her with stories about Carol’s coworkers.
“Jarv, please tell me that was the last series of meetings for the week?” He gazes up at his ceiling pleadingly. Whether he’s wishing for death or just a break, he can’t tell. He flings open one of the refrigerator doors and blindly grasps around for the nearest bottle of liquor and mixer.
“Also, please my friend. Rhodey’s been with me since college, and he usually doesn’t call people concubines to their faces.”
In those 17 years of managing a floundering political career, his jackass of a husband has decided to basically stop pretending to give a shit about their marriage. Their last public appearance together was six years ago, and the man’s chronic headaches always conveniently show up whenever they manage to go to bed at the same time, so no sex, either.
Tony sighs. “You’re right. It’s too pretty, I would just try to put it in the display cabinet, and that would mean I’d have to rearrange everything in there to make it fit.”
This is, functionally, an excuse for me to write about Tony being thotty and Steve being a himbo. Hope you like it!
“-I need you to call that Potts woman for me. Have her arrange something at Stark Expo where I can do some networking. And put in a good word for me this time, will you?”
On the plus-side, I did very well on my recent midterms for university and I actually understand Laplace transforms. Actually, I like them enough to potentially take a class on Fourier analysis. Small victories.
He’s busy trying to baste an absurd amount of seared scallops with garlic-infused butter while also keeping an eye on the Parmesan risotto and mixing up a third pitcher of Long Island iced tea when the gates open and a single car drives in.
Steve, for the hundredth time that day, flushes bright red. He can’t ever let Mr. Stone find out exactly what he was doing, he’d be fired in an instant. He goes with a half-truth instead.
Steve slumps down into his seat, and crosses his arms mulishly. “Card counting isn’t even cheating, it’s just math. We watched that documentary, remember?”
“Also, please excuse my friend. Rhodey’s been with me since college, and he usually doesn’t call people concubines to their faces.”
A round of cackling follows, as does Mr. Stone yelling for Steve to bring them each another Long Island, this time with extra gin. Soon after, Steve becomes privy to more information.
Tony steals a piece of bacon off of Steve’s plate, making the other man squawk indignantly, before grabbing his mug out of the cabinet and filling it with coffee.
, isn’t that amazing?” Tony waves over a store associate to discuss buying it, getting it delivered, and do they have other color options for the felt inside, yes burgundy would be
Tony rolls his eyes at his husband, “We’re married, Steve. I’m kind of a sure thing here, you don’t need to flatter me.” Steve
“Hey, if you want to really sabotage his career, I know a private investigator. Two, actually; Romanov and Barton Company. They’re both ex-CIA. Really good. They could find out who he’s cheating on you with, drag his image through the mud a little.”
Steve cuts Tony off with a deep kiss. When they break for air, he says, “No, you’re not. I need you to stay with me.”
spend the better part of the week having her lawyers dig up every dirty secret that Steve Rogers has.
Steve flushes, embarrassed. “Yeah, I guess so. Anything you feel like? You know I’ll eat anything except--”
He doesn’t bother reading any of the actual resumés, Jarvis can teach any idiot how to use fertilizer and mow the lawn. No, he skips right to the good part. He rejects a few based on their faces, and a lot more based on their asses and biceps. Finally, he’s narrowed it down to three that seem promising. This is when he gets into the letters.
Before Tony can save him by answering for him, Steve opens his mouth to say “Brooklyn, ma’am, but I went to SUNY Albany for college.” Oh God, he gave her extra information. This is going to be terrible.
Oh. So it runs deeper than common embarrassment, then. Tony doesn’t handle feelings too well, but for Steve… for Steve he’ll make an effort.
we’re gearing up for conference season, I can’t take care of my own needs, let alone someone else’s.”
, he mentally whines, opening up to the page where Alex the spy and Richard the pilot finally have a moment alone together.
“You’re such a charmer,” he drawls, trying for ‘dry and sarcastic’ but probably landing at ‘unbelievably earnest.’ As a last ditch effort to recover his dignity and cool factor, he says, “Come on Don Juan, let’s go make sure the kids didn’t burn the house down.”
I am... SO sorry that I didn't update yesterday like I said I would. College is currently swamping me in assignments. This week seemed to be the worst of it, though, so I should be able to get the next one up on Thursday like I said I would!
There’s a box on the table, too. It looks like the one his mother kept her only set of pearls in, matte black velvet. It definitely wasn’t there before, so out of curiosity he opens it.
Steve pulls out his phone to see what’s nearby. “Oh! There’s a diner a block away, we can just walk there!”
Tony can keep his fancy new clothes and his overpriced collar and his charcuterie boards. All Steve needs to do is ride out this month, and then he’s
Now it’s Tony’s turn to laugh. “See, how can you say you don’t fit in when you know me so well? But really, you’re more than an employee to me. I think we can both sense it, no?” Tony inches closer to him and places a hand on his warm, muscular thigh.
, he’s been trying to not act like he’s some freshly-pubescent Dom that’s overcome with sheer lust, and he’s made sure to not push for anything too hard, but he’s dying to see Steve in this. It’ll look so much better around Steve’s neck than in a jewelry box.
Second, you probably noticed the "Minor Violence" tag added! I personally don't think it's too bad, but read with caution!
“I got you roses,” says Ty, in that insufferable smug tone of his, like he’s done Tony any favors by bringing him perishable and delicate flowers that he’s allergic to into the house. Tony wonders what he’s trying to butter him up for this time.
So just like last time, Tony plasters on his most sympathetic smile and says “Of course I can, but just manage your expectations a little, okay? It’s a big company and they don’t let a lot of other people advertise at their events.”
Richard comes out from the backroom, holding Steve and Tony’s suits. “I thought it was you, who else would be feeding my granddaughter sugar this late in the day?”
“You look too good in that suit. We need to get you something that makes you look less attractive, or I can’t be held responsible for what I do at that gala.”
“He promised me he wouldn’t cheat on me. That’s the one thing he promised to do and he did it anyway!”
He heads back into the living room and collects the abundance of bags and boxes containing Steve’s new wardrobe, and pays special attention to a black felt-covered box with a white silk ribbon around it. Steve’s collar.
He puts on a smile and looks at Steve with an expression that he hopes reads as ‘comforting,’ before telling him “We’ll start with oysters, a platter of Fischer’s Island. Get him…” he considers Steve’s physique and general lack of ability to distinguish good alcohol from bad, then says “The green juice plus a bowl of café au lait to drink.”
He watches, semi-awkwardly, as the other man chops up a bar of dark chocolate and lets it melt into the spiced milk before adding a dash of cayenne pepper. He turns the heat off and turns around to put his spoon in the sink, sees Steve, and jumps out of his skin.
anything! He needs to bring Steve up quickly, before he ends up giving into his own urges to hurt, to mark up and claim Steve as his. For fuck’s sake, Steve’s from an agency, he’s
She studies his face, obviously pleased. “I see you do recall. Well, this could fix everything. We’re not doing anything particularly terrible, just a little bit of insurance fraud and conspiracy to kidnap.”
“Visitor…” Tony downs his makeshift cocktail, turns around to get a look at the living room, and holy shit, there’s someone on his couch. A very naked someone on his couch, wearing a flimsy red collar and a pair of grey briefs that leave nothing to the imagination. How the fuck did he miss that?
Before he shuts the door, he hears Mr. Rhodes say, “Come on, Mrs. Robinson, you can get up now, you scared off your mistress.”
“Didn’t you just have like, three mimosas?” Tony’s alcohol consumption is worrying to say the least. How is he not perpetually drunk?
The price of the villa has gone up to $2.5 million. Tony places another bid and moves onto Promising Candidate #2, James Barnes, or Bucky, as his friends apparently call him.
Uh huh. And he’s the Archbishop of Canterbury. Probably another one of Justin Hammer’s spies, but hey, he’s getting more creative. Points for style.
They pull into the front gate, and Tony makes a beeline for the pool. “Get me a martini, will you?” He calls out, already reclining on one of the pool chairs.
Tony knows that he’s got Steve wrapped around his finger when the man agrees to accompany him to brunch. He honestly can’t wait to see some good pictures of him and Steve in a gossip rag; he just
Steve shrugs, moving on to the nurses the way their hair curls and holds against their hats. “Practice helps.”
“I think they should be betting on the number of sandbags you’re going to destroy before you leave. I personally think it’s going to 245,” Clint says. He leans back in his chair, balancing on the back two legs.
It comes to him as Clint juggles eggs in the kitchen criss-crossing them in the air while waiting for the butter in the pan to melt. Tempera.
Bruce types on his tablet and holds it up to Thor, sipping his tea to conceal his amusement. Thor’s eyes track the words. “By Odin who wrote this? Who has written these lies?” He grimaces. “With a horse?”
In Europe, as they start to liberate Paris, Bucky and him are staying in Riquewihr. The town is beautiful with its cobblestone streets and history, lining and weathering each stone. There are houses built out of storybooks all packed together with large windows facing out into the streets, and old gas lamps standing sentry in front of houses. The children are somber, unsmiling. The people broken. It is a town of tattered people on the edges of the holocaust. There are many towns that they walk through that know the same and much worse. Riquewihr is spared compared to the other cities and towns they will go through as they get closer to Germany. They push back the Germans and burn the lingering traces of occupation in the centre square. In between planning to more inward to Paris, he and Bucky rest in the hotel. Bucky is on bed next to the wall, bandaged arm across his chest, the other thrown over his eyes, drunk on the wine given to him by the locals. Steve draws the castle of Riquewihr in charcoal. The radio plays over the sound of his sketching.
The girls smile. Steve looks away, when he hears the changing screech of the crosswalk. Maybe this is the world William would have found happiness in.
“The perks of being wanted by everyone,” Tony shoves his hands into his pocket. “I’ll be seeing you, Cap.” He waits until Tony is gone before putting the phone on the floor and slipping into the water. He swims to the deep end and dives. There is quiet and stillness in the water; the world does not change there nor does it move. There is a familiarity to it. When his lungs chafe against his ribcage, he comes up for air drawing long starved breaths.
League’s Art Supply is small, contained by a black iron gate outside and inside built like a walk-in closet. The inside of the store is packed with tubes of paint: acrylic, watercolour, oil, ink, and gouache. The tables lined with rows of metallic cases filled with: pastels, graphite pencils, pencil crayons, and charcoal. There are various canvasses, sketchbooks, and art books shoved onto bookshelves. The availability and magnitude of art supplies is astounding.
It does stop. They leave a bloody mess of broken human flesh. It is his mother who treats William. He isn’t allowed in the room. He hides beside the door, wedged into the radiator that burns his flesh as he presses his eye against the space between frame and door. The water basin on the floor is pink with blood, and the gaze has unrolled onto the floor. His mother sits on the bed as William lies. He digs his palms into his eyes.
They are the only two of their kind. They are cursed with the loneliness of that and cursed with guarding the knowledge of their creation. Steve feels the thick denim of his thighs. The solid ground beneath his legs. “There won’t be.” There won’t be. “We will destroy the records, and the samples they have on both of us. We can’t reason with them, so we’ll make them listen, okay?”
When they are boys as their bones ache and skin stretches, and they are on the verge of becoming, Steve hasn’t learned how to conceal his soul yet. He will one day in the way that adults learn to push and hide truths until they forget. However, that is later but then in his youth he hasn’t. It happens at the speed of shutter shots; a series of images that happen slow in his head because he keeps fading in and out. He’s on the ground creating plumes of pale-yellow dust. There are lines of ants, solider marching into an ant hill, endless in sync. There are shoes on the edge of his sight that step in a chaotic waltz. He rolls on his side. Bucky spits blood, wipes his mouth with his raw hand as he watches Wilkserson run home. Bucky pulls him, holds his neck, and forces their eyes to meet. “I don’t care; we’re brothers.” Even as the blood drips, staining the dirt wet Bucky doesn’t let go. “This will never change anything.” He’s wrong because Steve has seen what has happened to people who do not hide what they are. Steve has heard what the church says. He might have Bucky and his mother, but it is not enough for the world. He clutches Bucky’s arm. The tears are hot, as they slide down his face, weighted in sinned guilt. “No one can know what happened here, Bucky no one can know.”
“Midgardians have a problem with that?” Thor is puzzled by humanity almost everyday, but there are few were there is anger under them like a thunderstorm on the edge of bursting. It is there now.
“No, Tony I didn’t mean it like that. You’re free with your words and your language in a way that I’m not, and that’s because of where I grew up. I like that you are like that, outspoken but abrasive.” Steve covers his eyes this isn’t what he wanted. “I just wanted to call you to talk you.” He can be a little honest. “Because I miss you.” He can hear Tony breath on the other end. Maybe he screwed up said something he shouldn’t have.
His mother circles one of his wrist’s. “He didn’t make you wrong. The only thing that is wrong is the world that won’t accept you.”
“Mr. Stark¬–Sorry, let’s take an early lunch.” There is the static of rustling, doors opening and closing.
He wakes in the 21st century. Alone. The people are happy, children are healthy, technology is dream-like—unusual, constantly changing, and marvelous. There is prosperity, and the people dream. Tony Stark asks him once what he thought the future would be like. He watches the sun rise on the skyline bathe the skyscrapers in gold. Tony is on one of his manic inventing periods that leave him awake for days, surviving on coffee and body reserves. The inventor is grease‒stained fingers and kinetic energy that switches from the tap of his leg to the drumming of his fingers; sitting still is not something Tony Stark knows how to do. Tony sprawls over the white marble counter like a house cat as he waits for his coffee maker. Steve takes a sip of his tea, and says I thought it would be easier to breath. He expects Tony to make a joke or snort, but Tony looks at him and asks if it is.
Howard’s study is ostentatious. There are just as many bottles of alcohol as there are books. Steve is sure the crystal figurines of men scattered around are really just Howard’s miniatures. Above the fireplace is a portrait of Howard with Maria and a young Tony by his knee. Tony does not come down to the study has one of the robots come and dust once a week, so it looks the way his father left it. In front of the fire place is a desk made of red mahogany and on it is a map of the Atlantic Ocean floor scribbled with notes and x’s. There is an insanity to it‒in the way that the writing becomes illegible and shaky. There are stains on the map of something. He opens the curtains of the study and watches the dust particles dance in the air. He sits down at the desk and opens his box of pastels. Howard would take cigar breaks to get away from everything, nurturing a flame when Howard noticed Steve staring, he’d grin and blow rings of smoke toward him. There is an elegance and beauty in the moment where Howard slouches to light it that he wants to capture that–that brief moment of euphoria. There are days when he lies in bed, staring up at his ceiling wondering why he is here; that he’s angry at Howard for bringing him into this world that isn’t his. He’s angry at Howard for not showing his son love. There days he wakes up and looks at the world and is thankful to Howard because he can see the world they helped save, and live another life with a little more freedom.
Steve sits cross-legged on the floor of the roof, watching the sun leech and take its brilliant yellows, oranges, pinks, and purples with it and leave a stain of navy in its departure. The moon is a soft sliver in the sky, luminous and bright. At least the moon has stayed the same even if the night it accompanies has changed. He places the phone next to his ear. The metal is sharp cold. It rings and rings and rings then it clicks.
The secrets of children are small harmless things; it is when they start to grow and consume become laden and drag down your soul that they become that of adults. They make theirs that day, seal it in tears and brotherly blood.
He leaves the rest of the Avengers to help Tony clean up. His feet are steady. The halls blur from his pace, becoming streaks of metal.
He sits at his drafting table tin of graphite pencils open by his side. The sun warming the table. He starts by drawing Bucky in graphite sharp streaks in his sketchbook. He draws him as a child mischievous, cheek dirt-stained, dress shirt splattered with mud, and smiling. Steve can hear Bucky calling him along. He draws Bucky as a teen stronger, confident in his stance, his smile is less board with more cock to it. He draws Bucky as a man weathered at the edges from war; his eyes are sunken, and he does not smile anymore. When he is finished, his hand is stained grey, and there are clumps of erase shavings all over his desk. He runs his fingers over his last drawing and says goodbye.
“Right, so let it go.” Tony turns his back and walks further into his lab. “Thor can you help with the exposed wires?”
Tony looks away instead busies himself with making coffee. “Glad you liked something here, but it’s nothing. I made the program when I was kid. It isn’t worth anything—”
Tony leans on the marbled kitchen counter, glasses slipping down his nose. He’s got oil stains on the side of his neck. His Rolling Stones shirt is torn at the collar.
As the war continues and leaves the skeleton of towns crumbling and hollowed people in its wake, they know and do not say that they go to war to die. So, they fight for a future that will not be theirs, but one where children know not of war, poverty, hate, or genocide. It is easier to die for a dream. There is no hope when they open the doors to concentration camps, and death is the only reprieve for people. There is no god among the battlefield only humanity fallen to a darkness that no redemption will cleanse. The future is the only thing that they can hold. It will be worth it, and he will die for it.
He knocks on Bruce’s door when nothing happens, he asks Jarvis to patch him through the intercom. “Bruce, I need to talk to you ,and I rather we do it on your terms.”
Grief is an ugly thing, and all beings are made from grief; sometimes, it is like a smooth pebble that sits in the stomach. Other times, it is a jagged sharp piece of rock that cuts the lining of your stomach. Grief will erode in time and with it the pain will disappear. The problem is that sometimes people curl around their grief, sheltering it from the wear down of time. His is guilty of that.
Happy touches the radio. A hologram digitizes, bringing up a traffic grind. “You could call him on the phone he built you.” He squints at the map. Oh. “It doesn’t take a lot to make people happy, Mr. Rogers, which is why I’m going to tell you this.” He turns his head to look at Steve. “Tony is an inventor who builds things for the world, and in it he forgets about his own, so when he builds something for you it means something, doesn’t it?” The cars in front start to move and Happy turns back to the road. He doesn’t talk again the ride back to the tower.
As a child, he would use broken branches blown from wind storms, snap them into pointed sticks that he used to draw into the dry dirt, sitting cross legged scratching in the passing cars and carriages. His notebooks were filled with absent minded drawings of the robins, doves, and crows outside of the classroom windows. Art supplies were rare, the little bit of charcoal he’d managed to get during the war had come from Howard. It was before being deployed; there had been a brief moment of reprieve for him and the rest of the soldiers. He’d grabbed scraps of paper and a pencil from one of the labs, and sat on the hood of a Dodge WC; the engine still warm from a trip to the city. Some of the soldiers completed laps around the base, their footfalls like down pour. He draws the soldiers in motion not too detailed just rough sketches of a life. He glances up, watches Bucky strikeout with the nurses, and then draws Bucky’s frown and confusion in lead.
Natasha leaned her chin on her fist. “Tony doesn’t hide his sexuality. That he is attracted to both men and women, and she doesn’t like that. A lot of people don’t like that.” Steve clenched his fist, bunching the fabric on his sleep pants. Natasha wiggled her toes. “Not everyone is like that, but there are some stuck in old ways, stuck in ways that were never right.”
“I do not have a horse nephew…I think I do not.” Thor strokes his beard. “I will have to talk to Loki about this.”
As a child he doesn’t understand why one day some of the tenants stop William outside, push him until he falls, and scrape his face into the road until he bleeds. He doesn’t understand why, but it’s wrong. So, he picks up a rock and starts war he can’t win. Even when they hold him back, he bites and scratches, trying to protect William from the kicks.
“No uh,”  Tony licked his lips, came to stand closer to Steve, “I’d love to borrow them, if you don’t mind me wearing something of yours.”  The way he said it made Steve feel hot all over and entirely stupid in the head.  He was peripherally aware of Natasha looking between the two of them and then taking an impressively large bite of her muffin.  Tony was still staring.
Steve is cautious but ecstatic, the night before they make the attempt, he lays in bed and talks to Tony until the sun is just peeking over the horizon. He only sleeps two hours before waking again to begin the setup. The expo is a terrible idea, Steve has made his thoughts on the matter clear multiple times, but in the end they all cave. Tony is coming back to them after all.
“First we're going to go eat, because you haven't eaten in hours and you have the metabolism of a bird. Also Bruce is making mie goreng and I would kill for those noodles.” Tony's love of all kinds of pasta is well known, Steve files away the name of the dish to look up later. Maybe he can attempt making it for Tony some other time.  He's glad Tony's kitchen is set up to be so fireproof.
“Oh, yeah it is, Natasha said you liked it so I went to the bakery down the street she suggested-” Steve says with slight hesitance, probably because Tony is staring. Natasha is getting the biggest fucking bouquet of flowers he can find. It's going to look like a queen's garden. Tony
“You like them?” Tony asks, bending over really quite unnecessarily to peel his shoes and socks off; coming to stand in front of Steve on the soft but firm sparring mats.
“Keep talking, even if I fall asleep okay, keep talking to me until you sleep too.” Steve is gratified by the soft sigh of relief from the other end of the speakers.
He hates that there are still memories battering around of those same hands helping him up and helping him stand firm more times than he can count. He hates that he loved anyone enough for it to skewer him so completely when they inevitably turned on him. He learned the hard way that the universe did not reward Tony Stark's trust.
Steve is really serious about this-not just going on a date with Tony, but telling the Avengers, making no secret of what the two of them are getting up to. It makes something that feels an awful lot like happiness flutter somewhere in a forgotten part of his heart-that Steve who could never have this before is so willing to put this out in the open, that he's chosen
“Coming down?” He asked, his teeth were starting to chatter, the cold seeping in through the blankets felt amplified beyond normal levels, even with his ma’ warm and right there next to him.
Tony makes it back to the mansion after their on the spot debrief before the others do. He showers, trying and failing not to mull over the realization of exactly how strongly he feels for Steve. Tony and love go together like oil and water. Or rather, Tony loves strongly, deeply, almost overwhelmingly; but people in the past have taken that and stomped all over it, used it against him, and mocked him for it in turns. His fault of course for giving his heart to people who didn't want it, but it still hurt.  He doesn't think Steve is like that though. Even at their most manipulative, Tony has never had anyone look at him the way Steve does, and the fact of the matter is, he's never had anyone remotely like Steve seek his attentions. Steve is neither a socialite, nor scientist, nor heir or heiress to a rival company; that novelty alone is enough to keep Tony from jetting off to one of his distant houses to panic about his new revelation in private. Steve effectively has nothing to gain from being with Tony. In fact he has something to lose-his privacy, his peace, the ability to walk down the street mostly unbothered. Steve has said none of that matters to him, and Tony wants so badly to believe him, he really does.
He ate the soup Sarah put in front of him almost on auto-pilot.  It was a thick, hearty broth, it tasted expensive, and Steve ended up putting away two bowls of the stuff before finally climbing into his bed.  The winter blankets were piled atop it already, but even then, he still felt cold.
“I'm...gonna go.” Tony chokes out, pulling his phone out to give Happy their current location with a few quick words.
They were doing a routine training exercise, a few privates from the main part of Camp Lehigh stood at attention as they were passed modified 1903 Springfield rifles.  It was cold out, the chill crept in even through Steve’s coat, his breath left him in white vaporous clouds as he lined up outside with his fellow cadets.  They were to be shot at with non lethal bullets, it sounded a little nutso to Steve, but he supposed they’d be getting shot at by the real thing soon anyway, so maybe it
” Tony whips his phone out of his pocket, gesturing to it, blowing holograms up all over the room where they scroll with countless lines of glowing code.
“Counting on it Mister Stark.” Steve laughs, walking backwards towards the quinjet, eyes on Tony until the bay doors close and the jet is taking off. Tony waits until they're out of sight to call Happy.
of Tony, not just what he thinks is pretty enough for Steve to see.  He gathers all his self control and pulls Tony to his feet.
“Wow.” Tony croaks, reaching up to touch Steve's flushed cheeks. His eyes are liquid blue, adoring, the expression open on his face. “What brought that on?” He asks, licking his lips to wet them. His throat is scratchy, mouth dry, the corners of his eyes are wet from clenching them shut so tightly. Whatever encouraged Steve to do this, he hopes he can find a way to do it again. Steve shoots him a quizzical look, leaning over the side of the bed to grab the container of wet wipes off the bedside table.
“Oh you're full of something, Stark.” Clint says, from his spot dancing atop a speaker. Steve has never seen anyone hip thrust to Bing Crosby, but he can't say it comes as a surprise. Steve is fairly certain Clint's cheerful holiday beer can helmet is full of rum spiked eggnog.
“Yeah, I'll stay, it's cold tonight, I'd love to.” Steve says, watching the flicker of Tony's long lashes as he fights to stay awake.  Tony makes a sound of contentment, rubbing his heel over Steve's calf where their legs are pressed together. His lips part on a sigh when Steve kisses his cheek. “We're just gonna sleep though, so no hanky panky.”
” He whispers the last of it, reverent as a prayer as he takes Tony's face between his hands. Steve knows it must all be there, love written across his face like a great big glowing neon sign. He's always been shit at hiding things from Tony even before they got together. Tony doesn't say anything though, he seems to almost be holding his breath, eyes wide and shocked; that tension releases with a soft sigh when Steve slips one arm down to wrap around his waist. “My sweetheart.” He murmurs, drawing Tony close and dropping a gentle kiss over his jaw, then his lips.
In the quiet of the room Stark's breathing is underlain by a current of strain. The ever present hum around him is still there, but his breathing is louder. It sounds painful. Steve remembers being a scrawny asthmatic kid and not being able to breathe. Stark may not be an asthmatic, but he's certainly not breathing like a healthy fella, and falling asleep on the floor can only lead to a worse day when he does wake up.
“Cap, catch!” Iron man manages to toss him the shield with what looks like a supreme effort of will, before sparklers and missiles fire at the thing on top of him. Mouths open up all along it's abdomen, alien and horrifying in the glittering brightness of rocket light.
“I trust you too Steve.” He whispers, when his laughter has subsided; breaths puffing out to ruffle the soft hair at Steve's temple. Steve takes a deep breath, wrapping big muscular arms around him and drawing him close.
“Wow, um, yeah, okay.”  Tony’s eyes were wide and dark, he fumbled to open the velvet box with the links in it.
Steve doesn't look entirely convinced, but his expression softens when he looks down at Tony. “Wasn't gonna do anything rash-” That's always debatable with Steve, but Tony holds his peace. “You know you can tell me what's on your mind though, whatever it is that brought this on.”
“Jealousy. How ugly. Come Stark, you know SHIELD cannot hold me long, and when I am released perhaps we can come to an arrangement, I would so like to have a man of your looks and
“There's too many things that trip his memories here. We have to get him out. This is going to kill him otherwise.” Tony vaguely recognizes that voice, for some reason he thinks of peppercorns. Maybe he should find it worrying that he's completely calm after waking up in a room with very little idea of how he got there, but something tells him these people are here to help.
like to come on your cock.” Tony's voice is slightly breathless, but there's no hesitation in the way he says it.  Steve might gape a little in response, but that sounds like an order, and Steve's a military man at heart.  “Condom, yes or no?” Tony asks, grabbing the lube up again and pouring a pool of it into his hand. Steve shakes his head, leaning up to slant his lips over Tony's in a brief kiss.
“Yeah I thought so. You wanna tell me what's wrong? You were shivering, are you cold? The suit Stark made you should be insulated enough to keep you from-oh.” Iron Man cuts off as Steve looks away, out towards the open window. Both of his hands open and close, he turns on one foot, then back to look at Steve before marching over to slam the window shut. The faceplate turns towards him again, and then he's moving, drawing curtains over all the windows in the compartment. Steve feels a rush of affection for the man in the armor. If it is Tony it just makes him love him even more, if it's not then he's still an incredible friend, and an observant one at that.
“Jesus...” He pants out “Tony, Tony please-” He doesn't really know what he's asking for, his body is a livewire, all of his awareness fixed on the dark head bobbing between his legs.  In response Tony hollows his cheeks, and slides his mouth upwards to lavish attention over the head of his cock. Steve is making a mess of his mouth, but Tony doesn't seem to care, he never does, and it's gorgeous and so hot Steve barely knows what to do with himself.
“Sorry ma’, sorry, but yeah, doesn’t hurt, just kinda feels like, pressure, maybe?”  He could sort of feel it, if he really concentrated.
One morning Tony wanders into the kitchen bleary eyed and sleep mussed, and he looks so soft and warm that Steve can't resist giving him a kiss on the cheek. Tony blinks at him confusedly, a slight rosy flush stretching across the bridge of his nose. He doesn't protest though, so Steve starts making a habit of it; giving Tony a kiss on the cheek first thing in the morning-or whenever Steve sees him first. Sometimes that's the middle of the night, but tradition is tradition. Tony always looks faintly bewildered and pleased by the act, but after a fashion he returns the gesture of affection. Natasha thinks it's the sweetest thing she's ever seen, but she also makes it clear she thinks they're both hopeless. Steve can't really argue with that assessment, but he's
“Private room, we need a private room.” She says crisply. Her eyes look a little wet, but her posture is ready, confident. This trio of familiar yet unfamiliar faces is almost enough to distract him from the powerful feeling of general
“Really?” Iron Man sounds like he's having trouble modulating his own voice. Steve almost smiles to hear it.  “Would you have liked it? If the two of you had um. If you had kissed him.” There's a warm gauntleted hand on his lower back. Steve shudders, plucking the shield off and setting it by his feet so Iron Man can rub slow soothing circles over his shoulders. He's still not as warm as another person, but it's good, better than he could have expected.
Tony’s gaze dips a little, lashes casting shadows over the faint pink dusting over the high points of his face.  “I do. I had hoped that you would like it, like making it together. I want you to like this meal, I want it to be good, Steve, honey.”
“Your mouth says demons but I saw all that new gear you made ‘em, you big softie.” It was true too, there was no expense Tony would spare, neither with his time or his money, or just anything, when it came to the team. He got the feeling part of why Tony worked so hard was to make sure the Avengers never wanted for anything.
Above the fray, Iron Man made a loop, and then called a pool shot, before lining up and blasting the Moloids trying to climb up into the stands back.  The crowd cheered.  There was a moloid trying to crawl up his leg.  It let out a horrible caterwauling sound, and he spun, kicking the little creature off in a high wide arc.  He didn’t stop to watch where it landed, but he heard the announcer yell ‘Field goal!’, and saw screens pop up with the refs calling it.  Over the comms Tony was laughing.
Tony comes out of his trauma fueled dissociative engineering fugue a few days later. He's cocooned in a soft blanket, curled on his side on a cot in the lab. The bruising around the reactor is a distant faded ache, but his clavicles still pop uncomfortably when he rolls over onto his back to pat around the blankets for his phone. It's still unlocked when he grabs it, the messages displayed indicating he's spent the last while excitedly rambling about a thousand different ideas to a combination of Rhodey, Pepper, and surprisingly Thor. Although the last seems to have commandeered Clint's phone in order to have the conversation. For some reason Thor seems to believe having a cellphone is some sort of affront to his Asgardian sensibilities-something something
“Hi, um I thought you might like dinner?” He says hesitantly, coming a little closer to Tony as he speaks. There is a steaming plate full of what looks like linguine with capers and pesto chicken, garlic bread, another little plate with some Tiramisu, and a really large glass of water, because Cap hydrates like a fiend. Tony's gaze darts from Steve to the tray of food, back to Steve's face, then over the ridiculous line of his pectorals in that shirt. Tony kind of feels like he needs to go to confession and he's not even religious. He wonders if ogling Captain America is against some kind of super secret military code. Fury probably wrote the memo himself.
“If you let him go, Tony will give you kisses!” Jan says suddenly, from where she's fluttering around Steve's face, waving her hands in front of Steve's eyes. The room goes silent, Hammer looks like he might have lost consciousness; dangling limply from Steve's hold. The tense line of Steve's shoulders eases, and he looks over at Tony, who shoots him fingerguns on reflex.  He's not arguing with that.  “Then Widow will question him, because um-” She trails off, watching Hammer fall to the ground with all the grace of a sack of potatoes, he lays there for a moment before scuttling off to hide in the corner of his cell-and would you look at that, he's
“True, but I know how you get all flushed, and I do really, really love it big guy.  I think it’s pretty, I think
“Sure thing, captain's orders.” Tony says, trying for levity but ending up at weak and winded instead. Steve watches him walk over to his bed, gaze steady until he's done turning back the covers to his bed, and then he's striding from the room, letting the door slip shut behind him.
When Tony returns from Cairo all abuzz with excitement, eyes bright and dancing with joy, Steve comes charging down into the foyer to spin him into a tight hug, burying his nose in the clean vanilla scent of Tony's hair. Tony drops his carry on bag, laughing delightedly and kissing Steve fast and fleeting, darting in like a hummingbird as they twirl across the floor. Happy is standing in the open door. He gives Steve a small salute before grabbing up all of Tony's luggage and carrying it off to his room.
The kitchen was just as huge and futuristic as everything in the mansion other his own room seemed to be.  Tony sat nearby on the kitchen counter while Steve spooned soup into his mouth.  It was hot, fresh, the pot of it still steaming on the stove.  There were chunks of chicken in it, a wide variety of vegetables that couldn’t possibly all be in season, fresh pasta, and a host of spices that made it taste like it belonged in a restaurant.  While he watched, Tony unwrapped a sleeve of crackers, and leaned over the counter to scoot them by Steve’s hand.
“Let's go kick some ass Jay, I have a bone to pick with whoever interrupted my date.” It's a good thing he's had his coffee at least. Woe betide the villain that interrupts his morning coffee.
“You know, I have to say, I am incredibly jealous of your ability to eat like that and still have the body of a Greek god.”  His eyes looked bright, even though he was clearly tired.  “It’s also patently unfair.  I don’t look that cute with a mouth full of bread.”  He sounded almost wistful.  Steve didn’t think it was cute at all, he probably looked like a horse with its head caught in a bag of oats.
If it makes something fiercely protective burn hot inside his chest, he's the only one that has to know it.
“Don't be so melodramatic, sugar, it's only the little death” Tony says, the twinkle in his eyes glittering away in the low light of their room. Steve groans and knocks his head back against the pillows as Tony's clever fingers scrape tantalizingly over the insides of his thighs, and he lowers his head again to get his mouth around Steve's cock. Good God, Tony's mouth should come with a warning label.
He knows he's not supposed to touch but he can't help turning his head, pressing his cheek against Tony's, reveling in the way Tony's beard feels on his smooth clean shaven jaw. He smells so nice, all spice and expensive cologne, like the men Steve could never have hoped to touch Before. Like Cary Grant might have, or Clark Gable -but Steve can smell himself there too, on Tony's mouth, on his skin, because Steve
“Oh, you’re hilarious, but Steve!  Steve, you sent me a picture of it, and here I am, giving you a one on one consult.”  Tony sat back in his chair, picked up his phone to bring it closer.  “No don’t look guilty about it, I don’t have a meeting for another half an hour.”  He was still smiling, it was a really good look on him, Steve smiled back, and listened as Tony detailed what the mysterious panel in his room was for.  It was a control hub for all the heating and cooling elements in his room.  From the temperature of his floors, to the fans and air conditioning when heat waves rolled through.  It was more advanced than even the most advanced things Steve had seen while reading through top secret briefings during the war, and it was in his room.  Tony was communicating with him from across the country, his face just as clear as if they were seated across from each other.  It was wild, difficult to process, even if he had read the manual.
“I'm going to go pick up your cough medicine from the pharmacy.” Natasha leans down to kiss Tony's forehead before she leaves. Tony seems too exhausted to complain, merely grumbling and snuggling further into Steve's arms.
“Thanks Sparky. Has anyone told you you're looking particularly magnificent today?” Thor's grin gets wider, and he flexes, biceps bulging impossibly with the motion as Tony tears into his candy with great enthusiasm.
“Y-you kidding? Of course-course I want that, God, Tony-I, I'm going to-” The words come out a little slurred, full of heat and want. Tony just nods, pushing the toy in as deep as it will go, letting the knob at the base push on his perineum, and the curved tip inside him nudge up against his prostate. It's such an intense feeling, having that much pressure and attention inside him, and it feels incredible. His noises are growing louder, but he doesn't make any effort to quiet them, just letting himself feel everything Tony is doing to him. He's sweating, covered in goosebumps, leaking a pool of precome over his own stomach just from that pressure inside him, the slight shifts of the toy as Tony brings him slowly, irresistibly closer to the edge.
“Yes.” Tony murmurs. “I'm showing it to you. I thought we might take some time away from it all. I think we could both use it. There's already story circulating that I've flown off to Fiji.” Tony keeps talking as the elevator doors open, and he keys in a code to let them into a spacious penthouse. It's smaller than some of the other places Tony has brought him to. Floor to ceiling windows dominate a sunken sitting room, and a gleaming chef's kitchen takes up the rest of what his eyes can see. There's a staircase winding up just along the far wall, with a pillow filled king size bed all done up in scarlet just visible over glassed in loft railing.
“That.” Tony says, seemingly polishing his armored nails on the chestplate. “Is because Cap is my co-parent. Obviously.  Sam, I thought you knew this.” The other Avengers nod as if this makes perfect sense. Steve sighs, rubbing a hand over his face and smiling despite himself.  “Hulk, try not to give Doom too severe of a concussion please, SHIELD still needs to pick him up.” Tony calls, Hulk pauses, picking a Doom up by the ankle and holding him out like an unpleasantly wet sock.
“God now I know how Pep felt with the reactor and the chair thing.” He mutters almost too quietly to hear. Steve knocks on the helmet with his good hand to get his attention.
“I'm not perfect Tony. I know what everyone says about me, but-I have nightmares, all the time. I wake up half convinced everything with you was just a dream. Some days the only thing that keeps me going is the thought of coming down into the kitchen and maybe seeing you there.” Steve folds his hands over his lap, leans over his knees, hunching in. Tony makes a small wounded sound, coming closer to lay a hand on his shoulder, and Steve winds him in, pressing his face against the warm silk wool waistcoat covering Tony's stomach. “I-I'm terrified of losing you, I don't know how I'd function without you.” He admits quietly. “I'm so sorry I shouted at you earlier.”
“Lockdown code Hanky Panky.” Tony calls without missing a beat when Steve comes into the room. Heavy doors slam shut, and the large windows ringing the space tint and polarize within seconds. Steve snorts, leaning against the heavy blast doors and taking in Tony's appearance. It's enough to make his mouth go dry. Tony is in a pair of pants so tight they look almost painted on, and a short black cropped shirt. It's loose on his chest, hanging away from his body when he bends to sweep his fingers over glowing holograms.
“Accursed enemy!  Attack, fight shoulder to shoulder with your prince!”  Namor called.  Aw dammit, those were his royal guard lining up at his back.  Steve swore under his breath.
“I'm here, it's okay, I'm here, I love you.” He repeats Tony's words to himself, echoes them like their own personal prayer, and Tony clings to him, winds himself so closely to Steve it feels like they can never be separated.
“Okay.”  He said, his throat suddenly tight, though he didn’t know why.  He wanted something warm, he felt jittery and tired all at once.  It was a strange feeling, not unlike that awful shaky feeling he got after his breathing treatments after a particularly bad asthma attack
Steve feels himself going red and curses his easily reddened Irish skin for the millionth time over.  "I don't know if that's what that was."  Steve says quietly, it could have been anything, hell, it could have been him making Tony incredibly uncomfortable for all he knows.  Tony'd bolted from the kitchen after all.
“Patriots?”  Steve asked, he couldn’t remember any team with that name from his time, maybe they were new.
“Wonder what it's about.” Steve muses, eyes going dark and hot when he gets a good look at the suit Tony selected. That kind of look is almost like a physical caress, Tony feels it down to his toes. Rhodey was right, the Tom Ford was definitely the right one to go with, if the way Steve watches him is anything to go by.
“We'd have to, have to take a breather for l-lunch sometime,” Steve rasps out, trying not to squirm Tony right off of his lap as clever fingers return to thumb at his chest.
“Sorry Cap, need privacy for...for this. Just give me a moment I'll be fine.” The reactor makes a high whining sound and he hunches in the armor, even through the distortion of the speakers, his hiss of pain is loud. Another realization startles through Steve. If it's Tony in there then the reactor likely sits right over his pacemaker. Steve feels himself go cold.  “I'll give you the all clear when I'm done. Right now I need you to get-” Iron man's breath rasps, he coughs twice. “get out, please. Worry about your arm.” The words are harsh but his tone of voice is desperate. Steve fights every instinct in himself telling him to go and help his first friend in this century and the man he loves, but there's a line being drawn here. Steve knows if he crosses it everything will be over. So he nods sharply, turning his back and stepping out of the cargo bay back into the cockpit. Every step feels leaden, his arm aches, but it seems distant, unimportant. He can't shake the image from his mind of the reactor cracking, of Iron Man's startled cry-of a gauntleted hand holding something that looks far too large to be superficial in skintight armor.
“I don't think times have changed all that much Tony.” He says, rising up to his full height again. Tony's eyes are wide with shock.
He leaves to pull himself together for the unspeakably long list of obligations he has lined up today. Things he's been putting off while he found his center again-a center point he feels shifting more and more towards a certain supersoldier and towards the team he's grown so fond of. Tony won't let himself think about that right now though, that way lies madness. Madness and probably more panic attacks. It's cold outside today, Tony can feel it in the vague ache in his chest, in the chill in his fingertips. He wants to go curl up with Steve again, but there is too much work to do.
I have things I need to do, Pepper needs me to-” Even to his own ears he sounds just a tad bit panicky.
His ma’, Sarah Rogers looked back at him, the way she had so many years ago. Her white nurse’s dress wasn’t the bright white it once had been, but it was still her, held suspended in glass, as safe as she could be. He couldn’t speak, the emotion rose in his throat, his eyes felt hot, tears slipped down his face to wet his cheeks. He’d given everything from his old life up for lost, but here was Tony handing a piece back to him without him even having to ask. Slowly he placed the painting down on the bed, and then reached out to take Tony’s hands in his, Tony was trembling, his eyes wide and incredibly blue, he looked a little pale. Steve pulled him to sit on the bed beside him, and he went without complaint.
. Steve thinks morosely. Steve has the sneaking suspicion their conversation was being listened in to, but he has no way of proving it.
“No I, I like that, I like the way you say it.”  He finally manages to say. Tony just hums, gracing him with another kiss, gentle and sweet as honey.
“Iron Man?” He asks, but there's no answer. Steve mulls it over, but Iron Man could be unconscious or worse, so he cracks the door open to peer into the space. Bright blue light draws his gaze immediately to the figure half collapsed in the corner.
“Your lung capacity is shot, you shouldn't be flying.” Natasha says, taking advantage of Tony's distraction to finish wrapping him in the knitted shawl.
“Nah, that's you, I'm just the muscle of the operation.” Steve says, wrapping his hands around Tony's right calf and drawing his fingers down towards the sharp jut of his ankle, slipping his fingers just beneath the hem of his jeans to rest against warm skin. Tony is watching him through half open eyes, but his glance darts away when Steve makes eye contact.
want Steve? Tell me because I don't get it. You want toys I'll build you a hundred of 'em; you don't have to do this. Or maybe you want to fuck me, go on, I'm easy, ask anyone, I'll spread my legs for you right here, or suck you off if that's more your speed.” He leans back, lets his tuxedo clad thighs fall open; giving Steve an under the lashes glance that screams invitation. He knows some people get off on that whole debauched formal-wear aesthetic, and Tony wears it like a second skin. “Don't worry Happy's seen it all.” He says bitterly.  Steve's face twists with something; anger, but then sadness, and that's not right at all.
When Tony pulls back Steve stares up at him blearily. Tony's mouth is so red, swollen with kisses and oh God-from sucking Steve off earlier. His eyes seem almost bluer than usual, so, so blue, like the sky, or diluted fra angelico pigments he could never afford when he went to look at them as a poor aspiring artist decades ago.
Beware the Fluff!  As always your comments are my life-blood.  Many thanks to everyone on the Discord who patiently let me bemoan the fate of intending to write a oneshot and ending up with this instead.  You're all amazing.
“This can't be happening.” He says, dread suffusing the words as if he's talking about the end of the world instead of his inconvenient case of the Feelings Flu.
“This is special, we've...I've never done this.  I'm not making love to my sweetheart with morning mouth.”  Steve grumbles obstinately, pointedly not looking at Tony even as he hears him shifting on the bed.
“Shellhead, cut it out, it's not about what he does for us, for me. I just.” Steve looks embarrassed, but he clears his throat and carries on. “I don't have any illusions. Guy like him could go spend dinner with anyone he pleased. I'm sure he has little book full of names, I was just hoping he would like to. Spend time with me that is. Do you think-” Steve licks his lips, looking away. Tony can't tear his eyes away.  “Do you think he would want to?” He asks quietly, as if rejection is even an option. He supposes before he got jacked on super steroids that little Steve got rejected a whole hell of a lot. Tony feels a sudden rush of protectiveness overcome him. Scrawny Pre-Serum Steve Rogers had still been a looker, and no one should make Captain America look sad. Tony still feels like he needs a glass of whiskey in his hand rather than the cold remnants of his green shake though.
“What are those?”  He asked, pointing to the glittering things on the top of the stack.  White gold chains connected to two circles of a mesh like metal, studded with glimmering opals.  Julia went a little pink and set that box aside.
While he's drying his face off, JARVIS pops a message up on his screen. It's from Natasha, she's requesting a meeting later on in the day. “That's strangely formal, but alright then. Uh. Fit her into my five slot will you Jay?” A little ding meets his request, a calendar helpfully materializing with his list of appointments for the day. The next few hours are surprisingly empty.
“Woooh, victory, yeah baby that's what I'm talkin' about!” Hawkeye yells from his spot atop a corndog kiosk. Tony carefully lets go of the Ferris wheel, scanning the structural integrity a few times. It's not great, but it's in no danger of becoming a projectile anymore at least.
“I see.”  The man said, but he didn’t look steamed about it, on the contrary, he looked positively delighted as he tucked the bill back in his pocket, and turned to knock on the window of the car.  A few seconds later, the elderly woman he’d gone to get the bag for stepped out, offering Steve a slightly sheepish smile.
“Here we are, I ah, hope you like it, it’s one of the more subdued rooms.  Jarvis helped me pick it, he said you might be more comfortable here.”  He trailed off, stepping out of the way so Steve could open the door and walk into the room in question.  Steve kicked his boots off while looking around, not wishing to track anything around on the plush, expensive looking carpet. The room was huge, bigger than his apartment in the lower east side, with a king size bed covered in blankets and pillows, and even a comfortable sitting area arranged around a window seat.
“Don't think about that, god, Tony, don't think about that, I wanna see it, see you come apart, you're so sweet, so wet and good for me.” Steve's voice is a filthy growl, all heat, and Tony just can't help bucking into his hand again as he starts to stroke him at a pace he knows will undo him sooner rather than later. “Gorgeous, yeah, just like that.” Steve pants out, his hips rising up to grind against Tony's as he rides the motions of his hand, and oh god he never should have told Steve he likes to be praised.
“Thank you sir, shall I break out the champagne and the cigars? I'm sure my baby shower is long overdue.” That startles a laugh out of both of them. Steve stares down at the glass in amazement.
“I said yes, I gave my word.”  Steve said, as they rounded the corner.  He was starting to feel cold again, the rush and urgency draining out of him in a slow sapping wave.
“Alright, fine, buttercup. We'll shelve this discussion for later, when I can bring facts and photographic evidence.” Tony concedes, and Steve finally gathers enough motivation to open his eyes. Tony is leaning over him, his eyes wide and full of emotion, his hair is a riot of disheveled curls, color is riding high on his cheeks, and his red, red robe is all but a heap around him.
He swallows, staring up into glittering blue eyes wordlessly.  “I'll be fine Steve, really.” Tony says, trying for annoyed, but arriving at fond instead.  Steve just smiles, leaning in to press the ghost of a kiss over his lips.
“That does make sense.” Steve says slowly, the expression on his face changing to one Tony knows to mean there's a whole mess of strategy and decisions going on behind those gorgeous blues.
“Hi Steve, did you miss me?” He asks, turning his head to toss a playful yet smoldering glance over his shoulder.
“Call him Tony when you move him. It is familiar.” JARVIS suggests.  Steve nods, clearing his throat and trying again.
Steve sighs, turning to go back to his room so he can catch a shower of his own. Clint is behind him, looking like a cat that got the cream. He blinks at Steve though, eyes going down to his chest and staring in a way that makes Steve want to cover himself for some reason.
“That's wonderful, just wonderful, I'm so glad honey, you're so good.” The words wind through him, and Steve nods, pants and rocks himself more on the toy, chasing the orgasm Tony so clearly wants to see. If he were more conscious of himself he might feel too needy, too much, but not now with Tony whispering encouragement and kissing his cock the way he would his mouth. “I would have you come on my face, but what a mess, and I need to be able to see well for what we're doing next.” Tony says with an air of contemplation.
Their besotted staring contest is broken up by the robot beeping curiously and leaning down into Steve's space. The pincer at the top almost looks like a little face. Steve smiles, ducking his head a little in greeting. Tony groans, pointing at the robot. “Yes ok, I'll introduce you, you're such a fanboy I swear. Don't know where he gets it. Dummy, this is Captain Steve Rogers, AKA Captain America, aka Steve.” He draws the last one out.  “Oh, do you want a handshake, yes, I'm sure he wants a handshake.” Tony sighs out, fondly exasperated.  Steve grins, pulling one hand away from the flowers, and reaching out to take the Dummy's pincer in his hand. The bot whirs and clicks in a way Steve can only describe as overjoyed, bobbing his hand up and down in the most enthusiastic handshake Steve can remember.
“Good, I'm so glad to hear it.” Tony says, rubbing his freehand over Steve's thigh in broad circular motions. “I'm going to take such good care of you, you just enjoy yourself, that's what I want from you.” Tony wants to take care of him-and sure Tony has said it before, but it always hits him so strongly. Especially now, naked in Tony's bed, vulnerable and about as far from the image of Captain America as possible. No one has ever wanted to take care of him, not the way Tony does at any rate. It's so much, he wants to sink into that feeling of being cared for, of being safe. He gets the feeling Tony would like him to, and Tony will take care of everything, just like he said. So he lets himself sink further into the pillows, lets whatever tension remained in his body evaporate away like so much smoke. “That's it, darling, what I like to see, look at you, all big and gorgeous, and all spread out for me.” Tony nudges at his thigh then, and Steve lets himself be bared further, feeling his cock jump with arousal with the weight of Tony's eyes on him, the clear adoration and want obvious in Tony's expression. How did he not see it before?
“Oh darling, I don’t think I have any complaints in so far as thick slabs of meat.”  Tony’s tone drips with innuendo. Steve grunts, snapping his knife down more quickly to cut the pecans up into small pieces.
“Yeah, these things happen, it's natural, kissing is pretty fun huh?” Tony says, offering Steve an encouraging smile. His lips throb, Tony tries to ignore how much that makes him want to pull Steve back down onto the couch for round two. Steve slumps, shutting his eyes and taking a deep trembling breath, before squaring his shoulders and offering Tony a smile in return that doesn't quite meet his eyes. It looks a lot like his 'humoring the press smile'. Tony feels his stomach sink.
“You make me happy too, I-I’m glad you suggested this, glad you thought of it.  I didn’t think we could just be like this, I thought you wouldn’t want-I thought-”  Steve huffs with the frustration of trying to put a name to his feelings. After burying them for so long, it’s always difficult to bare parts of himself, even to Tony, maybe especially to Tony, because he wants so much to be at his best around him.  “I thought just being together like this wouldn’t be enough for you.” He finally says, all in a rush.
“You’d get a lot of blowback on that assertion, big guy.” He reached up, taking Steve’s hands in his and giving them a squeeze. He had a new pair of gloves on, a pretty mesh material that just barely hinted at the skin beneath. “That’s not why I came in here anyway, um.” He took a deep breath, looking at Steve, he was still a little pink in the face. “The warehouse, right.”
“Oh. Well, I liked kissing you too, you're a great kisser Steve, anyone would be lucky to kiss you regularly.” That doesn't seem to have been the right thing to say. Steve makes a kind of groaning laughing sound, and then he's pulling away, shooting Tony another one of those not-quite-smiles over his shoulder.
“You...ooh, you like that?” Tony gasps out, wriggling around to snatch the lube up from where Steve dropped it on the covers; popping the cap, and reaching back to drip a generous portion over Steve's fingers.  “C'mon then, open me up, God I've been thinking about this so long, want you so much-” Tony's words trail off into a moan when Steve mouths at his throat and works two slippery fingers into the hot clasp of his body. He's all slick inside, and doesn't that present an enticing picture. Tony in the bathroom working himself open. Was he bent over the sink? Maybe on his knees on the floor, those dexterous fingers Steve loves so much buried within himself.
“If I was an Avenger it's what I would do, I can't risk all of you, not like that, we-you can't take him by surprise if he's already expecting it.” Around the room the others are shifting around uncomfortably. Steve wonders what his face must be doing, because Tony takes one look at him and his gaze darts away.
“You’re going to be an amazing man,”  She had said, “A good alpha, you’ll see.”  Steve carried that message with him through her funeral, trying to hold on to the first voice he had known.  The first voice that had ever believed in him.  The churchyard was full of people from the apartments, and patients whose lives had been touched by Sarah Rogers.  There was only a small marker commemorating her, Steve had scraped for months to afford it and the engraving.  It had seemed macabre at the time, but Sarah had just scoffed, squeezed his hand, and asked for a rose to be etched above her name.  Steve had done it, he only wished he could have afforded something better, something as grand as his mother had always been in his mind.  He supposed it didn’t matter anyway.  What was that saying, ‘funerals are for the living.’  If he’d told her he wished he could have gotten her a mausoleum, she probably would have been fit to be tied.  Steve smiled to himself just thinking of the offense that would have caused, and then he went to speak with other people who knew Sarah in life.
“Don't worry, I'm on it Cap.” Natasha's smile is more than a little scary, but she's on his side. Everyone in this room is on his side. Well, other than Hammer of course, but it's a novel concept.
“Always do, that's n-nothing new.” His face is probably scarlet by now, but Tony makes no comment, just humming to himself and sitting back atop Steve's legs, eyes roving over his body with a hungry sort of appreciation that has Steve leaking more into his pants. Tony's warm callused hands follow the path his gaze took. One hand slips down into Steve's pants and a loud shocked groan spills from his lips, his head dropping back with pleasure as Tony gives him the barest touch. He's so keyed up already, so attuned to the weight of Tony atop him, the knowing squeeze of his hand around his cock that it takes some effort not to come right out of the gate.
“Ugh fishing. Okay okay, I can hear your disappointment in my lack of excitement. I'll be up bright and early to go with you.” Tony harrumphs when Steve kisses his cheek in thanks. Maybe the trip wasn't a complete success, but spending time with Tony is its own reward.
“This is-” Steve's eyes widen when he realizes what he's looking at. He doesn't understand it, but he's seen Tony working on it, agonizing over it enough to appreciate the importance of what he's seeing. “The equation, that code you've been working on isn't it?”
Steve laid there panting.  Sweat plastered his hair to his forehead.  His body tingled all over.  He was still hard.  Steve swallowed, shut his eyes, and started moving his hand again.  In for a penny, in for a pound, he wasn’t sleeping that night.  God he wasn’t going to be able to look Tony in the eyes when they next met up.
“You know when I can’t sleep, sometimes I play cards against my A.I., but I bet you can give me a better run for my money.”  It was a tacit admittance that both of them might be having a less than stellar night, without prying. Steve appreciated the company, as well as the way Tony loosened his tie and rolled his sleeves up over his forearms.  There was a band of gold around his arm there, Steve indicated it with a nod.
” It should be ridiculous, Steve asking him permission for everything, but it's not. Everyone always assumes that Tony Stark is always ready and willing for anything. The truth is, Tony values his lovers' consent and pleasure above all else, but people have always made a lot of assumptions about his own.  He should have known Steve would be different here too.  Tony doesn't quite know what to do with all this care and affection, but clinging to it with both hands seems to be the best course of action.
“That doesn't mean you're not allowed to be human Cap. You've lost a lot. It would be stranger if you were completely okay with this.” He reaches over, clearly telegraphing his intentions to touch, and Steve allows warm metal fingers to wrap around his hands.
By the time he made it down to the gym, scrubbed clean and presentable in his uniform, Hawkeye and Widow were already throwing each other around the mats.  They opened ranks to let him join in, and soon the three of them were engaged in a free for all of trash talking and pulled punches.  It was a heck of a time, he was even winded after it was all said and done.  All of them were in fact.  He felt over aware and hyper focused, but it was better than feeling his heart race while he tried to sleep, and it had been fun, sparring with members of the team with no danger at hand, no real risk.
“Helps?” Steve murmurs, smiling slightly when Tony burrows closer, tucking his arms in between their bodies and all but curling up against him. Steve hums, rubbing his palms over the smooth material covering Tony's back. Their faces are so close, mere inches separating them across a cheerfully patterned pillow.
“I, I,”  Tony put a hand to his chest, “am not kidding.  I feel like he should be on a commemorative plate.  As a thirst trap.”
He's in a dark suit tailored within an inch of its life, every piece of it fitted so perfectly to his body that Steve feels indecent just looking at him. Happy has the jacket in a clear garment bag, giving him an uninterrupted view of Stark when he turns to take the bag.
“That is what she said.” Clint all but crows.  Iron Man's groan is almost drowned out by Clint's resultant yelp when Jan pokes him between the ribs. He wonders how Clint heard them before it dawns on him that he never turned his own group comms off. He would feel sheepish about it, but he's not ashamed of anything he said, and he's sure the team feels the same way he does about the thought of losing Iron Man-even if they don't have quite the same place for him locked away in their hearts.
He paused to look at a painting on the wall.  It was framed in gilt, Steve was pretty sure it was an original piece from one of the New Wave artists of his childhood.  Steve looked at it for a solid ten minutes before finally making it down to the gym.  The door Iron Man indicated during the impromptu tour led to a solidly built elevator, it had a few buttons labeled on it, and Steve pressed the one that said ‘training floor 1’ cautiously.  It lit up, and then Steve felt the bottom drop out of his stomach as he was speedily and smoothly conveyed downwards.  Well, he thought, stepping out into bright lights and the hum of electronic gizmos, It was certainly not Lorenzo De Rossi’s all purpose one room gym.  It was huge, with strange machines covered in weights, walls to practice climbing, all manner of mysterious contraptions Steve couldn't work out the use of, and far in the back, something that looked like a street in the city.  This was not a gym, this was a whole level of the mansion specifically created for a superhero team.
an Avenger. Against him, Hammer won't really stand a chance, that seems unimportant when he sees the covetous gleam in Hammer's eyes. H
A few moments later they clamp power dampener cuffs on Doom, the villain seems almost relieved to be out of the Hulk's grasp. He's sitting on the floor, shaking his head as if to clear it when Tony comes sauntering over; an enticing sway in his step that translates even with his body encased in metal. Steve tracks his path over with rapt attention, gaze drawing up to the faceplate when Tony flips it back to smile at him, brown eyes sparkling with mischief.
Steve moaned, tossed his head back into the pillows with just the thought of it, the thought of Tony holding him down, giving him the fucking of his life.  Tony was strong, smaller than Steve, but his body was-God his body, his legs, those thighs, that gorgeous rear, and then there was the armor, it made him taller than Steve, stronger.  He was barely stroking himself and he already felt close, his thoughts dissolving into a tangle of need and want and half formed images.
Jan kindly didn’t say anything when Steve sat down at the table to finally eat his breakfast, she did look quite pleased with the state of affairs however, and she stole a slice of bacon from his plate.  Thor wandered in not too long afterwards, yawned and dropped into a chair with enough force to shake the table.  His chair groaned but held.  Steve passed him the orange juice.
Meeting Johann Schmidt, The Redskull the first time left Steve in a rush that lasted three days.  He was vile, disgusting in ways Steve could not and did not want to ever understand.  Everything about the man-if he could even be called that-was grotesque.  From his ugly mug to his vomitous ideology.  There was clear madness in his eyes, but also far too much intelligence as well, and not a shred of human decency or compassion, or anything redeeming left in him, if there ever had been.  Steve would have called him a clown, or maybe a donkey’s rear end, but frankly that was insulting to both clowns and donkeys’ rear ends, and not nearly vulgar enough for how Steve felt about the ugly son of a canker sore.
“ETA, two minutes to sight, what have we got?”  Widow asked when he boarded the shiny hovering plane waiting for him on the landing pad.
“I hope we are.” Tony says with feeling, leaning his head on Rhodey's shoulder. They're curled up together on the wide loveseat at the foot of Tony's bed.
The next few weeks of training were some of the hardest in Steve’s life, but he didn’t quit.  With the war on, they didn’t have the luxury of taking it slow.  Steve watched as one after another, fellow cadets quit or were disqualified  based upon whatever mysterious criteria General Phillips and Dr. Erskine saw fit.  Some of them were moved to regular basic, and Steve still saw them in the distance from time to time, running drills, but most left altogether.  If he was being honest with himself, Steve didn’t know why he hadn’t been packed off home.  He was slower than the other cadets, weaker, but day after day he was not asked to leave.  He learned how to shoot, how to identify and take a gun apart and put it back together, he learned how to use his body weight to take someone larger than himself down, and he learned how to stretch his senses further than he ever had, but all that couldn’t make up for the fact that he was the odd one out.  He wasn’t going to look a gift horse in the mouth though, so he kept trying, kept giving it his all.
feeling this way, flayed open and exposed, and wanting.  Maybe he can create a robot to feel all his feelings for him. That can only end in tears. Scratch that.
It was like nothing he had ever experienced.  His body went cold first, then hot, his senses expanded and retracted, he felt both hyper aware and slow as molasses, and his body burned as if someone had stuck cables beneath his skin.  Alarms sounded everywhere, his vision washed white, then red, and his heart tripped out a jagged rhythm, somewhere someone was making a racket.  For long moments he lost track of time, to the way his body shifted and grew.  Steve thought he might have blacked out for a moment, when he opened his eyes, he was being helped out of the Vita Ray machine.  It was strange, after such an ordeal, he expected to feel terrible, but he did not.  He felt good, better than he had ever felt, every ache and pain his body had carried since childhood was gone.  Steve took a deep breath and blew it out easily.  Wow.
“I was thinking of a way to show you-” Steve reaches up, thumb pressing at the vivid mark that's formed high up on Tony's neck. His mark. Tony gasps, hand snapping up to hold Steve's hand there. Their eyes meet, as Steve rubs at the bruise. “To show you I'm serious about wanting this, wanting everything.” His hand drops despite Tony's sad little sound of dismay. “It's not much, but well, you sure do make it hard for a guy to give you presents.” Steve reaches into his pocket then, pulling a small red baggie out. He passes it over as if it's an explosive, biting his lip while Tony opens it.
Steve grunts, patting around the bed to find Tony's pillow, pulling it over and squashing his face into it.  Tony's pillowcases are silk. It always seems like a tremendously unnecessary thing, but right now the cool fabric feels amazingly decadent against his skin.  So does lounging around in bed like this. Steve thinks Tony might like it if he indulged himself a little, and he does always say Steve never rests. How long has it been since he slept so well?  Since the last time he and Tony spent the night together, he knows that without really having to think about it. Here laying in Tony's huge bed, getting up to start the day is so much less pressing.  Maybe if he goes back to sleep Tony will join him again. Maybe he'll kiss him some more. Steve feels himself turning red at just the thought and clutches his stolen pillow closer, breathing in Tony's scent on the silk, and resolving to go back to sleep.
"Tony. You live in my house, you've seen me pass out on the kitchen table. I think we're past formalities here Cap." Tony says, shooting him an encouraging smile.  Steve flushes red in remembrance of helping a sleepy Tony back to his room-twice now. He'd been so warm against Steve's chest.  He hopes even if Tony rejects him, he won't mind it if Steve were to help him out like that again.  It's comforting, getting to hold someone like that, the warmth and peace of it, knowing he's trusted, yeah, he wouldn't mind doing that again at all.
Steve doesn't stir until the lack of warmth at his back slowly brings up his awareness.  The room is still dark, no telling what time it is with the dimmed windows Tony seems to have in all his houses.  Distantly he can hear the shower running, and Tony humming an indistinct melody that makes Steve roll onto his stomach and smile into his pillow.
The idea comes up-as many things that later become important do-with a discussion with Natasha concerning a former mission. The team is in various parts of the main living area, but her voice carries over from where she's seated next to Steve.
“Yeah, we're all friends.” Rhodey says, ruffling his hair affectionately and shooting Pepper a look. She's been in and out of the room on her phone in between tossing things in bags and ordering Steve and Bucky around the room with all the authority of a drill sergeant. Tony is impressed.
That night in the half aware spaces between true wakefulness and sleep anything seemed possible. Tony isn't back though, is never coming back. His grief then was swift and sharp. Sitting on the floor cradling broken shards of blue plastic without even the energy to care his hands were bleeding Steve felt something within himself shatter. In many ways he feels like that breaking is still happening-cracks snaking deeper, stretching further like the runs in Peggy's stockings. Things he's lost, people he will never see again, the red of Peggy's lips, the promise inscribed on the interior of Tony's wedding band. All gone but for the snapshot of his memories.
“Hey Russell,”  Steve whispered across the aisle, and Russell turned towards him with a wide, toothy grin, like he’d been waiting for someone to ask, “you wearing those to show off or what?”  Steve immediately regretted his own tone, but he couldn’t exactly walk the words back.  Still, Russell’s smile only seemed to get wider.
He got no sleep that night, and when the drop finally hit him in force, it left him sweating and panting for hours.  He took a shower right before dawn, and went for a jog around the city.  He jogged as far and as long as he could handle.
“Tony Stark funds and houses the Avengers, any Avenger-no matter how new. It's not presumptuous, He will welcome you Captain Rogers.” She's steady, calm as the placid glass of a deep ocean.  Steve likes her immediately.  He nods, feeling a little out of his depth not being able to get up and shake her hand, but he's not quite certain how this plane handles. That and being airborne so soon after crashing into the Arctic is doing nothing for his already shot nerves.
“Darling,” He rasps, “oh my darling yes, only for me, sweetheart. God I'm so greedy, keeping you all to myself, but I want you, I-Only for me,” Tony kisses him again and Steve leans into it, surrenders immediately, moaning when Tony's hand curls in his hair and pulls just so. He wants to sit at Tony's feet, hug his legs, kiss his thighs, take his perfect heavy cock in his mouth, worship him that way, he wants to be inside him too, so many conflicting things he feels dizzy and aching and wonderful all at once, because Tony said he wants him.
In the morning there was a hesitant knock at his door.  When he opened it, Tony was standing there.  He was in a lovely navy colored suit with an expensive silk sheen to it, but what struck Steve most were his earrings; delicate gold moons hanging from emerald cut rubies.  It wasn't unheard of for an alpha to wear earrings, but usually they would be simple things, Steve thought they looked good though, they suited him.
“Yeah, yeah I know. There's a gala in a week, Maria Stark Foundation, come with me please, I hate going to those things alone. The others are invited too but I want you.” Tony blinks, and Steve tries not to look too pleased with that slip of the tongue.
“JARVIS, set up a sweep for Vibranium, that should narrow things down pretty quick. It can't have gone far.” He says, staying close to Steve as they pick their way through the underbrush. There's debris everywhere. Cracked and fallen trees lie strewn about, behind them there is a massive trail of destruction where the train was flung like a toy from the tracks. Something like dread curdles in Steve's stomach.
“Yeah? You like it?” Tony's arms drop to his sides when Steve gets right up in his space. He tilts his head back slightly, and it strikes Steve with absolute surety that it would only take one word of disapproval for tony to fold up like a house of cards. Tony always looks at him as if his opinion
Steve snorts, gripping Tony's hips, and flipping him onto his back with one calculated move. Tony goes over with a yelp, but he seems more aroused by the manhandling than offended-that quick mind of his working even now, directing Steve to wedge a pillow beneath his hips so he can spread his legs over Steve's arms; the bends of his knees lining up just so with the crook of Steve's elbows. It's obscene, looking down at Tony like this, and Tony seems to know what he's thinking, dark eyes glittering as he wraps his hand around his cock to give himself slow even strokes. The motion of his hand stills when Steve takes himself in hand, and presses against the stretched rim of his body. He teases the head against him, pushing in just enough to let him feel it, before pulling out again, repeating the motion until Tony whimpers and tries to drag him closer with his legs.
He finally gets his shower and then leaves the mansion to find a florist. There's so much variety to choose from, so much more than he remembers. It seems like the seasonality of things doesn't really have an impact on whether or not stores can get things anymore. It's strange and wonderful, but it make his decision on what to bring Tony much more complicated. Countless bouquets and arrangements later he finally gives up and takes out his phone.
He’d been catching up on history, and boy did he not like what he read.  Installing governments, causing unrest and the collapse of infrastructure, every oil reserve was its own thirty pieces of silver.  Steve had thrown the book at the wall the first time he’d read about Japan.  He hadn’t slept right for the rest of the week.  What had they
“Good, because you are, so good, and pretty, and sweet, and just absolutely stunning.”  The words are so much, they slide through him, dropping into his belly like the first hot sip of hot chocolate on a cold day.  He feels good, he feels happy, he feels
“Hiya tin man, how was Los Angeles?”  She asked, she looked much more relaxed than she had when he first entered the kitchen.  Tony smiled, squeezed her hands in his.
seen you before the serum, there are a lot of pictures floating around.  They made comic books about you!  I read them!”  It was Tony’s turn to look a little red.  He frowned, swiping a napkin from the stack in the center of the table and leaning in to dab some sauce from Steve’s face.  Oh boy.
“I wanted to be over here too beloved, now be a dear and sit back, and I’ll keep you warm.”  It doesn’t sound like an order, but Steve moves to comply immediately just the same. “There we go, thank you.”  Tony says, climbing onto the seat with him. He crouches between Steve’s knees, fussing with his robe so it doesn’t get tangled in their legs.
“I might be skinny, but your elbows could make a man comatose, what were they feeding you off in Beantown anyway, stork eggs?”  He earned himself an elbow in the side for his lip, and laughed, elbowing her back.
“Why didn't you tell us you liked being touched so much?” Natasha muses, curling a dark lock of his hair around one teal painted fingernail. She seems to realize what she's said. Her body stiffens, eyes dropping to scan his face as if she's worried something terrible is about to happen.
Natasha stared at him for a long moment wherein Steve wondered if he’d gone and stuck his foot in it again. “Иисус, he was right, that is unfair.” She said almost to herself, before setting her mug on the washer to walk closer. “I have come to also offer help, if you need it. Tony said you were...concerned. About it being some great imposition.”
“We could blindfold him, just in case.” Clint says, jogging over to pass Tony a bag full of apples. Tony drops them, hands clutching at nothing. The breath freezes in his lungs. Muscle memory, old panic. He doesn't know
“Give him some space Wasp, we don't really know how he's feeling.” The man with the metallic voice speaks again.
“Good morning Tony.” Steve responds warmly when they separate. Tony looks up at him wordlessly for a few moments, but the stroking fingers in his hair shift into a firm tug. Steve lets himself be pulled down into heated needy kisses that do more to wake him up than a triple shot of espresso. Beneath him, Tony parts his long legs to let Steve's hips settle between them, both of them gasping into the kiss with the hot press of their bodies together. Steve groans, slipping one of his hands over Tony's thigh, then down and back further to cup one round cheek in his palm; curving his fingers to rub over smooth silky skin in a silent question. Tony's hands unwind from his hair, dropping down to dig the half moon marks of his nails into Steve's shoulders when Steve's touch becomes more insistent, two fingers pressing and tracing over the rim of his hole.
He didn’t need the comms to hear Thor bellowing mightily, and the lightning was pretty loud too, but it was good, fighting with the team at his side was always good, no matter how exhausted he was, how jittery and unsteady he felt when rushes and drops ebbed and flowed into each other like water.  He was fine, he could take it.
Bruising. Tony Is bruised all over. These are not small accidental bruises from bumping into things unthinkingly. These are deep, painful looking. Purples and blacks mottling otherwise smooth skin-save for a few tiny white scars peeking out from the edge of the sweater.
“Mister Stark is covered to the neck, he has stopped flashing his ankles at you Captain Rogers.” JARVIS sounds amused at his expense. Steve smiles despite himself. True to his word though he goes to get the tablets, once more stacking them on the table beside Tony's bed. He bends to retrieve the jar of minty ointment, startling when hazy brown eyes meet his on the way back up.
How does Tony know just what to say? He wonders sometimes. He knows Tony is not fragile by any means, but Steve also knows his own strength, just how easy it would be to lose control and really hurt Tony while in the throes of passion. It's something he won't risk for anything-but this, what Tony is offering. Steve swallows, trying and failing not to give a little roll up his hips up against Tony's thigh. Tony just lies more heavily atop him, gently nudging his thigh up between Steve's legs, but he's looking at Steve so, so intently that he feels like he's burning up inside with want and the desire to give Tony everything he could ever ask for.
His feet trace a path to a huge sitting room with floor to ceiling panoramic windows; muscle memory leads him unerringly. Beyond tall glass doors there is a deck, and New York City glitters with thousands of lights below.
Somehow that makes it both better and worse than having a body to bury. Better, because there is still some part of him that refuses to believe Tony is really dead. Without a body it's easier to pretend that Tony will come back to them.
“Mmm, that's lovely honey, Steve, look at you, all gorgeous and all for me.”  Tony purrs, leaning in to press their lips together, just teasing him with the suggestion of a kiss.  “Aren't I lucky.” Tony's gaze flicks down his chest, roving slowly upwards until their eyes meet. Steve privately thinks he is the lucky one, but he doesn't get to voice that sentiment, as Tony chooses that moment to slant their mouths together.  He presses close, the warm skin of his chest pressing against Steve's where the robe opens wide enough to almost slip from his strong shoulders. He goes easily when Tony turns them, kissing him slowly and inexorably towards the bed. They only separate when Steve's knees hit the mattress, and Tony pushes him back onto the bed, laughing at the slight bounce when Steve all but throws himself onto it in his enthusiasm.
“Real pissed off about that, son,” Steve interjects, and Tony has to hold back a giggle. Only Steve could manage to call a man older than himself 'son' and sound completely justified in doing so. It must be another one of his super powers. Hammer doesn't look impressed however, lip curling contemptuously as he glares over at Steve.
“First off, how are you feeling? That was a heck of a hit you took. Are you alright?” The puppy eyes are really killer. Tony is very happy for the faceplate, because in all likelihood his face probably just did something really undignified.
“Tony.” Steve half groans, trailing a searing line of kisses over his jaw, down his neck. “Tony I-I-” His voice skips as Tony rocks up against him. It feels incredible, Steve kissing him, Steve running his hands all over him, brushing his hair away from his face and tugging his bottom lip between his teeth. Tony slips his hands over broad shoulders, feeling the flex of powerful back muscles as Steve moves against him, and it's good, it's so,
“Gonna make a lot of people who make a lot of money off this kind of thing real angry.” Steve loves to make assholes angry, Tony seems to be much the same.
“Oh God,”  He gasped, “Bucky, he’s dead, and nothing on Earth can change that.”  A part of him was ashamed at the despair in his voice, but it didn’t really matter, did it?  These were strangers to him.  The robot stepped closer, cautiously, holding a hand out to him in a placating gesture, a red and gold mystery stranger than Jim Hammond.  It was beautiful, a strange sleek almost liquid-like metal, shining red and gold,  with glowing blue stars set into its chest, eyes and palms.  “Is the war over, did we win?  Where am I?  How did I get here?  Who are you?”  He asked, lowering his fists.  The Viking and the robot looked at each other, and the robot stepped closer.  This close, it was clearly taller than him, he could hear something humming away all through it, as if it were innervated in some way, like living metal.  Iron man they had called him, and Thor, same as the Nordic god?  Steve thought he might have still been dreaming, or he would have, but even his mind was not so imaginative.
“Did no one think to give you better gear when you came out of your fancy light cocoon like a big beautiful Nazi punching butterfly” Tony says, apropos to nothing when he calls Steve down to the lab several hours later. Despite the respite to get his nerves in order Steve still feels he may just take off into the sky under the power of his anxiety alone. The source of his terror belongs to the expertly wrapped bouquet of flowers currently hidden against his back. Tony seems to be busily prodding away at one of his holo-screens however, allowing Steve to angle his body in such a way as to keep his cargo from potentially being spotted.
“Yeah that’s what I thought, whatever, Rogers, I’ll qualify before you.”  He could see her grin in the semi darkness in the room, and he grinned back, making like he was going to scoot her out of the bed, but only managing to shift her a few inches.  “Aw don’t get lousy on me!”  She said, and Steve settled back, prepared to let her pointy elbows poke him all night if need be.  She wasn’t an alpha, she was a beta, but betas needed comfort too, and from what he knew Hayward came from a huge family, he bet she missed climbing into a big family nest and cuddling the night away.  It was the least he could do, even if Hayward
Afterwards-after the false condolences-too many hands patting his shoulder-too many people wanting a piece of his grief-after that he vomited in the too pristine funeral home bathroom. His reflection in the mirror looked jagged.
“He probably won't go for it. Last I saw he had a whole bunch of stuff to work on. Projects, meetings, he falls asleep in there a lot.” That seems to not have been the right thing to say. Instead of Steve looking resigned the way most people do when finding out Tony is a workaholic-Steve just looks like he's taken it as a personal challenge.
“--should have been a red flag, yes, but in my defense, I was 24, I’d never had a serious Dom before, and he was…
“I think we’re well past last names, Steve. Call me Tony,” he says, before he brings their lips together in a heated kiss.
They keep looking, and eventually they find one that they both like: it’s twice as big as the first one they looked at, and ten times as expensive, but Tony’s in love.
Tony decides the best way to do this is to distract Steve, who at this point is looking more than a bit uncomfortable. He’s… pouting? The expression he’s making can be best described as pouting. Engaging him in a conversation might make him pout less, and will have the added benefit of making anyone who interrupts them look jealous and desperate for attention.
In this one: Steve shows up, there are shenanigans with the pool, Jarvis is judgmental, and Ty is up to something.
He tries to get up, but Steve’s arm wraps around him, and his husband whines at him, wordlessly asking him to stay. It’s adorable, but Tony is
remember. He remembers screaming at Tony about it for weeks, accusing Tony of not trusting him, of being the exact stereotype of a spoiled little rich boy that everyone thought he was. And he remembers dropping it after Tony told him that he’d give him enough money to build Stone Manor
The problem was, Ty wasn’t, and still isn’t, a good politician. He isn’t a good husband, either. Tony has spent countless nights cursing Ty’s limp dick, his gin breath, and his adamant refusal to learn the most basic facts about the man he’s been sleeping next to for over a decade. At this point, Tony might vote for Sunset Bain out of spite, not just because she’s going to win in a landslide.
Steve, understanding of the situation, sits next to Tony and waits with him quietly. As the judge hands Tiberius Stone the sentence, 25 years in prison with a quarter of a million dollars in fines, Tony curls his free hand around Steve’s, and lets loose a breath that he’s been holding for the past 15 years.
“No, I’m not gonna fuck you.” Before the other man can squawk indignantly, Tony follows it up with “It’s not because you’re not attractive, because you are, but I’ve learned from experience to keep it in my pants. Speaking of pants, give me a few minutes to find some for you. The AC kicks on automatically at night and I can’t have you catching a cold.”
Tony nods, and then to bring the conversation back to something he’s actually comfortable talking about (vapid and inane gossip about their colleagues), he says, “Speaking of boytoys, did you hear about what happened with Victor at the Connecticut Smith’s party?”
Mr. Stone has him bring them their drinks first, two highball glasses filled to the brim with far too much alcohol for two p.m., topped with a thin slice of lemon. Steve watches him chug the entire glass and demand another with mild horror. Mr. Rhodes, to his credit, doesn’t look surprised.
He’s never seen Mr. Stone (Stark?) this animated in his month of working at the manor, and he’s more than surprised at the sting in his chest that comes from seeing him be so affectionate with someone else. The man is literally married, his mind very unhelpfully reminds him.
First of all, apologies for missing last week. The end of the semester is coming up for me, so it's getting difficult to balance writing and schoolwork.
The tailor works his magic, pinning and marking the material to subtly accentuate Steve’s best features. While Steve’s fitting is happening, Tony slips into his own suit, a wine-red number that a lovely designer from Armani had sent him. He thinks he looks decent, but a good tailoring will make him look stunning.
Steve starts stammering, “M-Mr. Stone, I don’t understand? You’re married, and--” Tony’s had enough of playing mind games with this one. He doesn’t just want Steve, he’s
They leave, waving the entire family goodbye, and promise to come back next week to pick up their finished suits.
Tony watches Steve turn red and stammer out an, “I’m sorry Mr. Stone, right away,” before staging an orderly retreat to the grill to bring him and Rhodey their spare ribs.
“Your blushing is very endearing,” Tony tells him, kindly. His sunglasses are off, and he’s grinning from ear to ear. Steve doesn’t know if he’s ever seen eyes that shade of blue before.
WHEW, I believe that THIS is the final chapter of this fic! Thank you to everyone who read, gave kudos, commented, and in general went along for the ride. A special thank you to aisu-hawk for being the best beta one could ever ask for, and to the 616 SteveTony discord server for giving me ideas when I was stuck. See y'all in the next one!
Shit, how could I have fucked up this early in the game? Usually I get through at least half of the plan without cocking it up this badly.
“As ready as I’ll ever be. Gimme… ten minutes and I’ll be downstairs.” He hops out of bed, gives Steve a quick kiss, and dashes into their en suite. Ten minutes is less than a sixth of the time his normal beauty regime requires, but for Steve, he’ll make it work.
,” the Dom says tersely, narrowing his eyes at Steve even as he pours out two mugs of hot cocoa and leads the two of them into the living room again.
And finally, the icing on the cake is that Tony Stark doesn’t even think he’s good enough to fuck! He
He blinks, and then seems to remember where he is before saying, “Steve, I’m here to apologize for my behavior. It was unbecoming of me.”
He’s nervous as he watches as Mr. Stone and Mr. Rhodes take a few tentative bites of the scallops and risotto; he’d never heard of half of the ingredients on the recipe that Ana had left him. The only saving grace he’d had during the ordeal had been the well-organized kitchen and Ana’s propensity for labels.
“Someone’s been watching too much HGTV,” Steve teases, as they head to their next destination: Bed Bath and Beyond. Peter’s finally tying the knot with MJ, and their wedding registry is extensive.
He finishes his sudoku puzzle in less than five minutes, because it’s a Tuesday and the puzzles on Tuesdays are always easier than the ones on later days of the week, so he helps Steve with the crossword.
Both of them start laughing again, and Steve feels like he isn’t in on the joke, but he’s mortified at how turned-on he is at the idea of being Mr. Stone’s secret lover.
Steven looks at him incredulously. “But… but you requested me! Who else could it have been? I know it was you! We get transcripts of requests, too, they send us that!” He pulls up another email to show Tony, and wow, Jesus fuck, he knew his public image was bad, but
. Got a text the next morning telling me that he’d ended our contract and reported me to the General.”
“You say that like you didn’t know what you signed up for when you married me,” Tony grins at his husband and takes a sip of his coffee before sitting down and leaning into Steve’s space. Steve’s pulled out the newspaper and flipped right to the daily crossword (for himself) and the daily sudoku (for Tony).
Tony helps Steve to his feet and starts to lead Steve into a guest bedroom, but thinks better of it. He doesn’t want Steve to wake up alone in the morning, that would just be proving everyone right; that he doesn’t know how to care for a sub. So he swallows down his nerves and takes Steve to his own suite, where he lays him down onto the mattress and covers him with the comforter. Then, he grabs a second blanket from his linen closet for himself, just to reduce the temptation to
