“That’s because I am, Tony! You don’t have to be a genius to figure that out. Just like you don’t have to be a genius to sign those patent applications I gave you. You promised to have them to me by this morning.”
“Nice landing,” Tony told him, “but your dismount needs work. Now come over here and catch me, muscle man.”
“I never wanted you to be a secret.” Steve said kindly. “I hated having to keep what we had a secret, and now I don’t care if the whole world knows.” He saw Steve turn his head to the side. “I’ve been in love with Bucky since I was fifteen, and we were lovers for over ten years before I went into the ice. Anyone have a problem with that?”
He was so grateful the tower was empty. No one needed to walk in and see this; it was only for them. They had been through so much, and now they were finally together again. Bucky remembered him, at least he remembered enough to need this from Steve, and he would gladly take it. He didn’t need
Phillips leaned forward to put his elbows on his desk. “I hope you don’t think that I’m stupid enough to believe that. As big of a pain in the ass as you are, I’ve always known you were smarter than most people. Do you know how many men could keep up with the likes of Howard Stark in his own lab? Not many. But the thing is,” the man continued, “you’re more than a brain. At the camp you proved that you could run a drill just as well as any soldier. Hell, you did it better than some of the men I’ve sent into battle.”
He made sure to fold the blanket and stack it on the far arm rest out of the way. Not really knowing what to do with himself after that, he decided to get dressed in the only clothes he had. Thankfully the suit wasn’t that rumpled. James walked out of the bathroom then, dressed in a similar set of work clothes as yesterday.
Bucky was shaking as he began to apologize, over and over, the word sorry fell from his lips as he sobbed and seemed to realize everything he had done to Steve and the guilt it now caused him. It made Steve want to scream because Bucky was innocent in this. Steve was the one who’d failed
“Tony,” Steve said uncertainly. His face was still worried. “I don’t know about this. You were really injured, and they helped you. It’s too soon for everything to come off.”
Steve made a movement as if he wanted to grab his hand back while Bucky just groaned. He turned to the brunet. “Lay down, gorgeous.”
“I’m a selfish, egotistical asshole.” Howard stated. “I know this, and it’s never really bothered me because it has always gotten me the things I want. No one’s ever called me out on it, though, not until you.”
Then the boy lifted his head, a look of stubborn opposition firmly set to his mouth, and Tony was met with a very familiar, very furious blue stare.
With that thought Bucky’s mind chose to replay Tony’s words during his panic attack when he was too far gone to even realize that they were there with him, holding him and calling him back to himself. Bucky didn’t think Tony had even realized he was speaking his fears out loud, but he had, and the pain in his voice still hurt Bucky to think about.
“A friendly chat?!” Steve asked incredulously as he pulled back. “After what he told us? We were scared you went over there to kill him!”
Howard was charming. Howard was funny. Howard was brilliant. He really was until everyone else went away, and Tony was left alone with his father. Then, Howard was a drunk. Howard was cruel. Howard was abusive and bigoted and jealous of Tony. It took many years for Tony to realize that last one. Howard had been jealous of Tony’s brilliance and wasn’t used to being outshined so he took it out on his son.
Like the other soldiers, he was dressed in his uniform, and Tony’s breath caught. He looked stunning in his olive green dress uniform. He also looked tired, that is until he finally saw Tony and Steve waiting for him and waving. Bucky’s face broke into a big smile, and he walked faster to meet them.
. People who like me. People who owe me favors. People who would doubt the word of a man like him who could want me gone because I knew his little secret.”
Bucky hated it. Always feeling like he was stepping out on Steve, as if he ever would if he had the choice. Steve was his rock. He was the only one that made Bucky feel safe enough to ask for what he needed. Bucky knew he wasn’t like other people when it came to sex. Hell, even for an invert he had to be peculiar. He didn’t understand it himself, but Steve always did his best to take care of him.
Shame and humiliation filled his voice. “I probably was on my knees for the guy day and night because he’d saved me. He said he couldn’t understand how you could put up being around it if you weren’t at least a bit of a fag too, Buck. I snapped and took a swing. It didn’t really do much but piss him off, and he punched me in the chest. Knocked the air right outta me, and I couldn’t get it back. I barely made it to the apartment.”
Time continued to pass, sometimes quickly, sometimes so slowly that Tony couldn’t keep busy enough, and every second was a torture filled with homesickness and loss. Every person and thing around him just reminded Tony of the fact that he didn’t belong here. Time still passed though.
“Just an idea I’ve been toying around with,” Tony answered. “It’s not finished, and I don’t know if it will be. It’s fun to tinker, though.”
Tony, unused to being waited on with such care, choked up as he grabbed the items from Steve. Sweet, stubborn Steve who would probably force the pills down his throat if he refused. Tony didn’t refuse. He popped the white tablets in his mouth and drained the glass in large, hurried gulps. He’d been thirstier than he’d thought.
“You should be resting,” Steve said, even though he was the one who looked exhausted. “You’ll heal better if you rest.”
Tony was going to say that no, he couldn’t, but stopped short. This wasn’t the James from his time. The years of being in the army and as the Winter Soldier didn’t haunt the grey-blue eyes of the young man in front of him. The smile was friendly, not bitter and world weary. Calling him Bucky didn’t seem as ridiculous as it once had.
impressive), a custom made fine Italian suit that not only accentuated his shoulder-waist ratio but also greatly flattered his ass, was well worth several thousand dollars. Tony was self-aware enough to admit he was a little vain.
And yes, I do have a point. Money is necessary for things like food, clothes, water and electricity. Tony has now added another person to the boys already fixed income. We're about to see how Tony handles being broke and at the mercy of someone else's generosity, and because he doesn't have a penny to his name, how in the ever loving hell is he going to be able to afford coffee at $0.25 a pound?!
Bruce looked like he desperately wanted to wipe his glasses again. “As of right now, I don’t know that I can fix it.”
Steve looked to the other soldiers that had gathered and were waiting. Steve reached down and pulled up the now destroyed transponder. No way Tony was going to be able to fix this much damage in the middle of nowhere. Even if he could, they couldn’t afford the time it would take. The other men waited as they watched him look at the useless equipment.
The next to speak was a colored man holding a very large gun. “You are the luckiest unlucky son of bitch I’ve ever met, Sarge.” The man was shaking his head as if he couldn’t bring himself to say more on the subject. Steve was thankful for that because he was certain he didn’t want to hear it, not now. The pain and stress in the man’s eyes said enough.
Steve took the pillow from him with one hand and nudged at Tony’s hips with the other. Tony lifted them just enough for him to slide the pillow under.
So when his mind wanted to panic, when his lungs wanted to freeze in his chest and make him feel the suffocation of a hopeless situation, Tony reminded himself of his first hopeless situation. Trapped and injured as he was held in a cave by terrorists, Tony had not given in. No, he had risen from the ashes of his imprisonment to become something more, something stronger.
Bucky pulled off him with a gasp then moaned. “It feels so good. Love being full, Stevie. Love, ahh…” he groaned as Tony snapped his hips forward into his prostate again, taking advantage of Bucky’s empty mouth. He did it again and again, pulling sweet sounds from the man. “Tony, yes!” he panted, “Harder. Fuck me harder.” Before taking Steve in his mouth again.
The hotel clerk didn’t look too impressed when he’d seen them enter, and Bucky couldn’t blame him. Yeah, they’d gotten to wash up and rest a little, but their clothes were so worn that most of them looked dirty. None of them had had decent haircuts yet, and most of them still looked haggard after their imprisonment. Tony definitely looked the most put together out of all of them, but even he seemed underdressed for this place.
“And I’d do anything for him.” Bucky nodded in agreement. “That’s why I took the chance even though it was terrifying. Steve would never risk your friendship by admitting how we feel. If you got upset, it would be at me because I kissed you. You wouldn’t push him away because of it.”
“You know where I stand on this,” Tony replied evenly. “I don’t like it, but I will respect his decisions, just like I understand and respect your position.”
Steve choked at Tony’s colorful description. Bucky kept hearing the phrase “smack my ass” run through his head and shivered. He’d been surprised when Tony had done that. He’d been even more surprised by how much he liked it. He definitely wanted to try it again. Impact play?
Steve groaned as he focused his eyes to find Tony’s face. “Not what I was wondering,” he panted. “Dammit Tony, I didn’t want to come yet.”
He saw it all in his mind, the wheel put into motion, and it wouldn’t be stopped. He thought of his boys.
who was straight and living in 1939 and trusted Tony. Steve, who would probably think he was a pervert for even thinking that. Steve, who was half his age. Maybe Tony was a pervert.
“I’ve noticed, Stark, which reminds me,” the Colonel said as he moved to sit behind his desk again. “Are you set on keeping the name?”
You couldn’t do anything without money, no matter what time you were in. Tony had never been in this situation. In his time even on the rare occasions he didn’t have his wallet on hand, his name was basically a credit card. This was bad. So, so bad.
This going up sooner than I planned because I'm going to be hella busy the next couple days and didn't know if I'd have time to proof read and post. So, here it is! At least one day early.
They ate quietly at first, each of them concentrating on their food. The bread Steve provided was perfect for sopping up the sauce that was left on the plate. Tony would have been happy just eating that.
Bucky sighed in relief and gave him a small smile, and Tony felt Steve relax against him as he murmured, “Thank you.”
He slapped Steve’s ass before grabbing his hips and delivering a brutal thrust into the blonde. Steve cried out, but Tony only drew his dick out and impaled him again. And again. Steve grunting in a raw voice beneath him as Tony leaned forward and growled next to his ear.
“Ahhh, yes! Daddy!” And Bucky was coming. Tony’s vision nearly whited out as Bucky’s ass spasmed and clenched around him, and his hand was painted with Bucky’s spunk. Tony groaned as he felt his release crash through him, spilling into Bucky who’s twitching hole was milking him. The wave of pleasure in his body was echoed by the last word Bucky had groaned as he orgasmed.
“After, when they were sure I wasn’t going to die, they tried to force me to help them. I refused so they tortured me. Held me under water and drowned me. They did that for days. They beat me, starved me, threw me in a dark hole where I couldn’t even see my hand in front of my face. They left me there until I thought I’d go crazy or die from dehydration.”
“Another world war,” Bucky said. “I was starting to believe that America would actually sit this one out. Looks like I was wrong.”
“Anything.” He said instantly. “Anything with parts. Cars, watches, cameras…If it has wires or gears, I can build or fix it.”
“How are you feeling today, James,” Bruce asked him as he blew over the top of his tea. “Any more headaches? Dizziness?”
Once he’d awoken in this time, and his SHIELD handler had explained that this view was largely different today, he’d done it. Not that he’d had much choice, it was required if Steve was ever going to be cleared for future duty. Now that he knew that HYDRA had been secretly running SHIELD, he was relieved that he’d stopped going as soon as he got the all clear. He couldn’t imagine what kind of profile HYDRA would have put together on him if he’d continued to go and share his thoughts and concerns.
As Tony lay there with both of his boys cuddled against him, all he could wonder was how long he would get to have this before it was taken away. First with Bucky and then with Steve, they would be called away by destiny or fate or some other bullshit force of the universe that didn’t care who lived or died.
It was late at night, and Tony was standing in an alley filled with four unconscious, beaten men. How much had they seen? How much had they
Bucky looked at him with complete detachment. “No, my past self chuckled. I just relived it as I repeated the words.”
Once or twice he’d even thought of enlisting, but he’s pretty sure that wouldn’t have gone over well with either of the men. They weren’t at war yet, and Bucky didn’t particularly want to be a soldier, so he knew that Steve and Tony would just see it as him being desperate for a paycheck.
James and he casually spoke back and forth as the food was prepared, James thanking him as he was handed a cup of coffee. That trademark smile creating a dimple as his fingers brushed Tony’s on the mug.
bottles of Chardonnay in the center of it. He recognized the label and was surprised; it was a good one.
of them…are lovers?” And yeah, Steve’s mind was clearly supplying him with some visuals as well. However, it was Tony’s turn to be shocked by what he said next. “Well, that works out, I guess. We both had a good time, and I don’t have to worry about disappointing her with not wanting anythin’ serious.”
Next to him he could see Steve’s eyes squeezed shut as he tried to deal with what he was feeling about Tony obviously having a meltdown, sick with worry over the two of them as war was officially declared.
Steve sighed and said. “That’s because there won’t be anymore to know until it happens, like a ripple effect. It’s the same thing Bucky and I have been experiencing, little bits being added as he moves through history and things are changed.”
“That’s right, love. Open for us. Let it all go.” Steve murmured against his skin as he spread his fingers wide and added his tongue, his other hand softly stroking along Bucky’s side and thigh.
Steve hurried to fasten his end of rope to the railing as Tony instructed. When he was done, he looked across the distance to see Tony tying his end of the rope to the upper platform, pulling it taught. He’d created a zipline. Steve watched as Tony reached into his pack again. This time he produced a metal clip-hook that was the size of a man’s hand. It had a piece of rope that had been looped through it, making a handle.
) than the other members of the team, probably because he spent more time with the man than anyone besides Steve. The genius inventor did regular maintenance on his arm, but his maintenance never hurt like Hydra’s had hurt him. He never slapped Bucky or cut into him or anything.
There was silence, and oh, that was much better. So quiet, no machine noises. It could feel Steve’s hand on its own, but it watched the Stark’s hands because he was performing the maintenance. He would be the one to punish it.
“Awww no, Tony,” Steve huffed. “Why would you do that? She’s gonna be expecting someone that’s…that’s not me. Someone she won’t step on.”
Erskine stood in the center of the room. He smiled kindly at Steve before saying, “Good evening, Steven. If you would allow, there is something I would like to discuss with you.”
“Buonasera, Francesco,” Tony answered as he was pulled into a hug. “I hear these two reserved our usual table?” He nodded at Steve and Bucky behind him.
“I’ve probably signed your death certificate, and you’re thanking me,” Phillips said as their hands separated.
His blood had run cold as Bucky told Steve they were going to the future, and really, who says that about an expo? His sudden thought of how they survived the future decades made him misspeak and make a stupid slip. He needed to get it together. Tonight was important. So, he’d rallied himself and slipped on his charming smile, talking at full speed as he’d begged any deity listening that he’d get through this evening without incident.
Without another word, Clint plopped on the couch and snagged the remote. “We’re watching Die Hard, no objections.”
Tony couldn’t possibly have been the only one of them to believe they were a family, right? Acquaintances and coworkers didn’t spend every other Thursday night bickering over what movie to watch. They didn’t live in the same building and spend all their time on one floor, even though each has their own. They didn’t share almost every meal or spend absurd amounts of time doing silly things with one another. Those were things families did.
Tony just grunted and flicked his hand towards a projector. A moment later, Rhodey’s face appeared in the air. “You were supposed to call me a week ago about-
And they were right. He and Tony couldn’t keep avoiding one another. It wasn’t healthy and it certainly wasn’t helping anyone.
His birthday party is an absolute disaster, at best. He goes in masquerading as Iron Man and ends up with his best friend taking a suit and the whole ordeal giving his secret identity a bad rap in the process. Not to mention thousands of dollars’ worth of damage to his mansion and probably fifteen lawsuits, at minimum.  At least he learns fast not to drink and pilot the suit.
“Nah, you don’t need to be worried. I’m not planning on jumping. Even though you have to admit that it’d be a hell of a shock for the tabloids. ‘Tony Stark Jumps Off Manhattan Bridge! You Can’t Make This Shit Up!’” He spread his hands out like he was showing the headline of a newspaper.
Clint’s brain took a moment to piece it together, but in an instant his hands were all over the other man.
Shaking himself out of his stupor, Steve lightly rapped on the glass door. Tony didn’t even look up from a stack of papers he was holding, waving haphazardly to indicate the door was unlocked. “-and make sure they have the plans sent over by 7 p.m.
Natasha stretched and started flipping through the news channels. No point in just sitting in silence. “Ideally we won’t have to wait all night. Has he texted you at all, Steve?”
Thick, rancid smoke filled his lungs. The stench of death heavy in the air. It was impossible to breathe.
“Then start looking for survivors.” Steve clicked his comm off, just for a few minutes. Just until he knew Tony was okay.
They were all waiting in their usual spots. Clint was perched on the right arm rest of the couch, catching popcorn midair that Thor was tossing for him. He’d migrate into the actual seat eventually, but he always started like that. Thor was laid out on the rug, already on his second bowl of popcorn. Natasha was curled up in a cushy armchair, a soft open-weave blanket draped over her lap. Bruce sat in the last existing bean bag chair of the century. Tony had no idea where it had even come from, but Bruce liked it. Steve was sitting stiff as a rod on the opposite end of the couch as Clint.
Tony seemed to perk up slightly, so Steve started his spiel. He and his counselor had been working on the finer points of his apology over the last two sessions, and he wanted to make sure he got all the points right. “I know I haven’t been very attentive lately, and even though I’m allowed to have these feelings about my past, I shouldn’t have let them interfere with my relationships now. I wasn’t considering how the things I was saying affected the people around me. I’m sorry I didn’t consider your feelings as I spoke about my past. I will be more thoughtful of my actions in the future.”
“Listen, that’s a nice speech you put together. And I’m sure you probably mean most of what you said.” Tony took a step towards the door, a step towards Steve. “Have you apologized to the rest of the team yet?”
“The ladder, of course.” Clint carefully sat down next to Tony, just close enough that their shoulders were touching. He paused, taking a couple of slow breaths and surveying the situation. He didn’t want to say something out of place and risk a potential splat on the pavement below. He figured light humor was probably the best way to go. Tony always responded well to that.
The air had a comforting warmth that only came from the beginnings of summer, as the last dregs of cold from spring waned off. It was like a blanket of clouds, soothing and tranquil and just the perfect temperature. Though the familiar smells of over-populated city were still present, the lightness of the air held it at bay from being overwhelming. The savory smells from the surrounding restaurants helped to ward it off.
“And where are you going? We’re already waiting on one moron.” Natasha looked over her shoulder to see Clint grabbing his jacket. “I’m not waiting on another!”
He started up the steps to leave. Steve, in a last-ditch effort, shot his hand out and grabbed at his wrist. Tony turned and looked him right in the eyes. “Tony, I
They’d managed to convince those SHIELD people as well, so hats off to Pepper for coming up with a convincing story.
He booked it up the stairs to see Rhodey, rage in his eyes and a photograph in his hands, being held back by Thor.
“For now we’re all just lucky you have some sort of filter between your brain and your mouth. Don’t know where it was while we were in college but at least you’ve got it now.”
He curled up on himself, trying to shrink his massive size. “I really screwed this up, huh?” He sighed. “I’m sorry I said that about you all. You guys really are my family and you didn’t deserve that.”
Tony thought idly, sipping on his glass of water. He briefly remembered Clint spending the better part of an evening trying to take the perfect selfie a few weeks back, claiming that he needed to wait for the “golden hour” so he could get the perfect “gram”. Whatever that meant.
Clint perched in the stool next to him. “You know how Tony gets. He’s gonna get it in his head that we don’t want him around and he’s just gonna be all mopey until you fix it. I mean, he’s already been avoiding all of us for the last week. You can’t let him go on like this much longer.”
He’d fought tooth and nail, taken blasts from Chitauri tech and swipes from over-powered animals, and could’ve
Tony considered for a moment the whole situation and whether or not he wanted to spew his feelings to Rhodey. “Any chance I could get away with not taking this call?”
He thought about the things Tony had said, and how he’d been acting the last couple weeks. It was true, he had been in rough mood as the anniversary of him going in the ice was coming up. It made him think about his past all the time. It seemed like the smallest things could remind him of what he’d lost. The faintest smell could remind him of muggy summer afternoons, sitting in the park with Bucky. Or the vibrant red lipstick on display looked like the exact shade Peggy would wear. It stung to think about the people he’d never see again.
Hammer and Vanko try to pull a fast one at the expo and Iron Man makes his first real appearance to the public.
Tony hesitantly wrapped his arms around Clint, leaning into the embrace. There was no point in lying, he was too choked up to answer. He just nodded into Clint’s shoulder.
There’s a moment afterwards on the roof that Tony thinks he and Pepper could be something more. The air is hot and thick from the explosions and adrenaline is high and they’re so close he can smell her luxury perfume without even trying. They’re only a breath’s width apart but she pulls away at the last second, the stress of everything being too much to handle. She resigns as CEO.
Hands were on him suddenly, pulling him back. He struggled in their hold until Natasha stepped into his field of vision.
This led to the city being swarmed with hybrid feral animals/stolen Chitauri technology. Since the tech was no longer being powered by whatever gave it energy in space, the team (Tony and Bruce) figured there was a new energy source stashed somewhere in the city.
“For Christ’s sake, Tony, not everything is about you all the time! You don’t have to take everything so personally!”
Tony managed to sneak back into the tower and dodge Steve’s attempts to speak to him for a few more days. He always had an excuse of work or top-secret SI project or just being too busy at the moment. Jarvis had also informed Steve that he’d been asleep for one attempt, and he’d figured it would be best to let the man get what rest he could.
“Could I trouble you for your company?” Thor asked. He was also upset from the situation, but someone needed to be close to Bruce in case his green alter ego decided to make his displeasure known.
Natasha finished peeling her apple and popped a piece in her mouth. “I think we’re all just going to assume that you were being a dumbass last week and didn’t really mean what you said?” Steve nodded numbly and she continued, “Okay then. Well, have you made any attempts at apologizing to Tony?”
Slowly, Steve’s smile slipped off his face. He took a deep breath, and grabbed Tony’s hand with both of his.
Thankfully, his loyal driver manages to crash the Rolls-Royce into Vanko hard enough to knock him out and there's no need to suit up.
“I’ve started seeing one of those counselors he told me about a while ago. We’ve only met once but I think it’ll be helpful. I want to start adjusting my outlook on the future so I can really make amends.”
Tony remembered Steve once saying he “felt like he’d never be happy here.” Tony’d had a hard time fighting back his tears.
He and Bruce had figured out where the energy transmission was coming from, but they’d also realized it was being guarded by about a hundred or so of the hybrids. Tony really didn’t believe any of them would get through in one piece.
The team settled back into their seats to wait when Clint stood suddenly. He shoved his phone in his pocket, heading towards the door in a way that screamed he wanted to be running, but had to look calm and casual.
and put on house arrest until he sorts his affairs. Agent babysits him while he watches a lovely and not completely full of shit home video from his dad.
Tony knew Steve struggled sometimes, but he always tried to give him resources to help. He wanted Steve to feel like he belonged but sometimes it felt like Steve
“You don’t even care about your job! You just like to play around in that damn workshop and ignore your responsibilities!”
Clint slapped a hand over his face in exasperation. “Yes, that makes perfect sense. Unlike maybe coming home? Or going to a hospital? Those would have been totally unreasonable options.” Clint gave the stain a good hard look, and decided it actually was just a scratch. Had it been any worse, he’d have put up more of a fight to get it taken care of. “Bruce can take a look at it when we get back. You ready to go?”
Tony was shaking his head almost before he finished the sentence. “Definitely not, you can’t hate an entire group of people because of the actions of some of those people. As far as I know, you are not a Nazi and haven’t done anything since we bumped into each other for me to feel bothered about the fact that you’re German.”
So, naturally, Steve was in the gym and was probably on his second punching bag by now, maybe his third if those new upgrades didn’t work as well as promised.
“Ok,” Steve said reaching behind him and pulling out an envelope, “you win. Here’s your letter. If I make you wait any longer, you’ll starting serenading me.”
“It was hard to miss even over the explosions.” Steve answered, and Tony heard the rustling of the branches as the other man pulled at tree limbs in his face.
Oh, you sassy little shit, Tony thought. The men just looked confusedly to Tony who shrugged. “I knock out everyone else,” he told them before following Steve through a large metal door that hopefully was in the right direction.
Tony crossed the room and knelt between them before he wrapped them in both his arms. They clung to him. “There is no good reason why any of this happens.” He told them, throat tight as he tried to comfort them. “Usually the one’s in power have the least grace among us. The pain of innocent people doesn’t reach them because of their selfish natures, and too many times have good men died so that bad men can hold their power. The people in charge never suffer from war.”
Steve moved over to hug him, knowing he needed the contact, and Bucky shuddered against him, saying, “Everything has changed. Even the you from my memories, and Tony is the one constant I feel like I have left.” Bucky looked up Steve. “I love you, Steve, I do, but so much of what I remember of you is different than what I have now. It’s not fair to you, and I’m sorry, but you’re not my little Stevie anymore. Even before this happened, and Tony was cursed, he was still so much like the Tony I remember. He was patient and kind and gave me the things he thought I needed even though I couldn’t appreciate it at the time. Now, you’re so big and a hero and a leader and a warrior. You’ve changed so much, and I still love you. I know you’re still you, but Tony…”
Erskine looked further disappointed, but this time Tony knew it wasn’t at Tony’s lack of respect. It was directed at Howard. “I am truly sorry to hear that.”
“Let’s find out which. Do you know anyone who can squeeze metal until it breaks?” Tony asked, arching an eyebrow as he thought of several shattered doorknobs.
It wasn’t even two hours later, when Tony was once again proven right, and visitors began to arrive at their apartment. The first was Ruth, who fretted and tsked at Tony for leaving the hospital.
“I hadn’t really noticed,” Tony lied. He’d never really liked looking in the mirror and seeing his father’s eyes staring back at him, like he could still be watching over everything Tony did in some fucked up way in Tony’s head.
Steve nodded as he handed Barnes the second glass of juice. Both silently emptied their glasses before he continued. “I really liked
Tony leaned forward and tapped the guys shoulder with the cigarette in his hand to make the man meet his face. “I meant everyone,” Tony told him. “I’m sorry, but I’m kind of a dick on my best day. I really don’t like sitting in one place too long, and it’s driving me up the wall. It was nothing personal. None of us want to be here, right?”
“My heart and lungs are damaged.” Tony shrugged. “I’ve had some surgeries since then, and after the last one, I’m about as good as I’ll ever get.”
Because his Daddy had promised he’d top. He’d promised, and Bucky had been so good. His eyes had grown wet from the different forms of stimulation throughout the evening, but he needed more. He needed more of everything. He didn’t want to be empty anymore, and his Daddy had promised to fill him.
“You don’t have to, baby.” Tony told him, smiling. “I’m happy just being home. Besides, people will only come to visit during the day, and I want to be able to hold you at night.”
He spent about four bucks at the market. He was given a large box to carry his purchases. Tony couldn’t believe how low the prices were and how much food he’d gotten for
As he entered the now familiar tiny lobby that spoke of home, Tony thought of how strange it felt that he was returning without any new cash in his wallet from a day of work. Thankfully Tony was now officially getting paid as Erskine’s consultant because that trip to New Jersey had cost him a full day’s earnings in repair work.
When Tony finally woke, it was slowly, and it took him a few moments to realize that he was in the hospital. Great, he hated being in hospitals when he wasn’t there to fix anything and was the thing being fixed. He slowly turned his head to make sense of the room he was in and saw a very distraught looking Steve sitting beside his bed. Tony had later learned that Ruth and Lucille had contacted Steve when Tony had been brought in since the whole hospital already knew that he was basically the only family Tony had in New York.
Anthony Stark turned and looked at it. It noted several subtle changes in facial muscles and eye dilation before Stark spoke. “Right. Uh, have a seat, Barnes.”
“I won’t have to.” Tony stopped him. “I had actually come home to tell you. This morning I went to the hospital to repair one of their ventilators. The chief of medicine was so impressed by how quickly I got it working, he offered me a contract. They want to use me exclusively when their equipment needs repairs or maintenance. I worked it out with him that I’d do all the work they needed in exchange for free health care. For you. Well, Bucky and I would get it too, but that’s just a bonus. Medicine is included, too.”
Bucky felt his mouth pull into a small smile as he relaxed his head against Steve’s thigh again and let himself believe that. He could do this. If Steve still wanted him, then Bucky would do his best to be good for him. “Love you too. ‘Til the end of the line, punk.” He answered as he felt Steve’s fingers resume their soothing movements in his hair.
Tony pulled the little tub of Vaseline next to him and opened the lid for easy use as Bucky turned over. He felt another stab of longing at the sight in front of him. The younger man’s muscled back stretched forward. His thighs and toned ass tensed in anticipation as Tony moved closer.
“How did he do that, Steve? I mean I can fight sure, but those moves he did, I’ve never seen anythin’ like it.”
Bucky came up short on that, so Tony looked at Steve. “Every report about us will have our names. Howard Stark is known to be helping the government with this war, and even though it pains me to say, you have to admit that we look a lot alike. The Colonel doesn’t want people to think Howard’s running around in war zones, he’s the CEO of a huge company. The board of directors would pitch a fit, not to mention the gossip through civilian news. To avoid confusion and misinformation as well as protect his reputation, the Colonel and I agreed that a false name could be used for me until the war is over. It doesn’t bother me in the slightest, and I’ll still be Tony, just with a different last name for official reasons and reports. Besides, the dog tags are already ordered.”
Steve’s voice came from beyond the door. “If you’re with the hotel, I’m sorry, but I don’t want to be disturbed.”
Tony briefly wondered if he’d have to shelve the idea of someday making Bucky a flying car. Maybe Bucky had liked the idea of a car that flies more than the thought of flying in one himself. Tony would ask when the time came.
As he’d attempted to reload his rifle, he’d seen a shape moving toward him on the right. Bucky had grabbed the pistol at his side and fired at the approaching Nazi. The back of the man’s head exploded. Bucky had gotten him in the eye. Once the fighting was over and the wounded were being tended to, Bucky went and found the enemy soldier, the only one he knew for sure that he had killed. The first one he'd seen his bullet tear through.
Bruce grinned before replying, “It definitely did, the virus was overpowered within seconds. It was easy to detain them, Maya Hansen included, after that.”
She sent another ray hurtling his way, and he deflected it with the shield. Tony and Thor circled around her, trying to find an opportunity to get the flower.
His friends looked at him, their eyebrows knitted together with concern. “Steve, is something wrong? You look really flustered,” Sam exchanged a worried glance with Bucky.
Shattered glass and puddles of water litter the gray tiled floor. A bouquet of red wilted roses lies nearby.
“Tony, it’s Steve. Steve Rogers? Captain America?” Steve tried again, desperation creeping into his voice.
This year’s theme centered around clowns and circuses, which, any other time of the year, would not have been Tony’s favorite. But now, he couldn’t help but think about all the possible scares he could do dressed as a clown.
“You’ve got thirty minutes left, Stark. Just get through it and then I’ll take over. Besides, you’ve got a very good scream,” Natasha pursed her lips at him as she glanced at his ragged self. “Who would have known? Stark is a professional screamer.”
“Steve!” Tony yelled, but it wasn’t necessary because he saw him now, lying on his side still on that damned roof. Goddammit.
“Anyway, Steve happens to be from a different dimension. He traveled here thanks to a gift his Tony Stark left him,” Tony stated, while looking at each Avenger. “His world is essentially the same as ours, except he was frozen in ice for 70 years in his world before being found, unlike here, where Captain America is still frozen.”
“Why are you taking me in so easily? I mean, I’m essentially a stranger to you. The team, well, your team, they—it’s like I’m an old friend, not some person from another dimension,” Steve said, following Tony as they arrived in the workshop.
After an hour of listening to caustic words being thrown between Fury and Tony, Agent Maria Hill had calmly intervened to suggest that Steve stay for now, at least until and if the Captain America of their world was ever found.
Steve tensed at hearing her mention his secret. How did she know this? He presses the side of his glove, summoning his shield back to him. The shield slams back onto his arm a second later and he stands, facing the sorceress.
But still, Steve’s comment had been kind and encouraging, and that definitely did not help appease the crippling crush Tony had had on Steve since freshman year of high school. Tony just wished their first (and to this date, most recent) interaction had been over something other than a stupid fire alarm.
“All of them,” Tony answered, his heart thudding painfully in his chest. “That sounds weird, but you’re just really talented, and I enjoy seeing your art, and I want to support you, even though we don’t really know each other, but I would see your art in high school so I kinda wanted to see your art in college, y’know kinda a continuity of some sort and—” Tony abruptly stopped, feeling his own face heat up under his scare actor makeup. Damn him and his tendency to ramble. Now Steve was going to think he was a crazed stalker or something.
Steve mourned the loss of Tony’s hand but gratefully let Tony undo his bonds. With a click, Steve’s handcuffs were taken off last, and Steve began to rub his sore wrists. He paused, wondering how to word his next question. “So, how exactly did you find me? Last thing I remember is passing out from pain.”
The kiss was gentle, sweet, and better than Steve had ever imagined it could be. He melted into the kiss, his one arm curling around Tony as Tony wrapped his arms gently around Steve’s neck.
Tony glared at her, crossing his arms. “One, I am a man of many talents, thank you very much. Two, if I am permanently physically damaged from this night, I blame you, Clint and Natasha,” Tony sighed, starting to fold himself back into the box. “Humans are not meant to curl up like snakes in boxes!” He whined, shutting the lid after him.
“Because you’re just, you’re just,” Steve stumbled over his words, his emotions getting the better of him. “You’re an amazing man, Tony Stark.”
“Cat got your tongue?” Tony laughed, his eyes crinkling in that way that always had Steve’s stomach flip. “If I had known this would be all it took to get you speechless, I—”
While he had missed the genius’ banter, he was tired and couldn’t help but remember this wasn’t quite his Tony, as close as he was. The thought made him sad in a way he couldn’t really describe. It was almost like seeing Bucky but realizing while the man looked like his best friend, he was forever changed in ways he could never begin to understand.
Arms embraced him suddenly, and Steve tried to open his eyes to see who it is, but his vision was increasingly dark. The stranger was talking, but Steve could barely distinguish it from the incessant buzzing noise. The last thing he heard before the darkness consumed him was someone yelling for medical.
Tony Stark sat slumped in a plastic chair on the left side of his bed, his eyes closed and his chest rising and falling in a steady rhythm. He was dressed in the flight suit he usually wore under the Iron Man suit, and he looked exhausted.
Tony waved a hand nonchalantly, and the heartfelt moment was quickly forgotten as holographic screens popped up around Tony.
“I meant what I said, Steve. We will be okay. Happy will show you the video, and remember, I trust you, and he does as well. This is what he wanted you to have, treasure it well.” Pepper stepped aside to allow Happy to lead Steve back to the house.
He moved his hand to disconnect the electrodes monitoring his heart rate, and that was when he saw the other occupant of the room.
"What about you? Why are you here?” Steve asked as Jane began to paint his face a sickly gray color.
“Wait, hold up. Another dimension?! Damn! Tony Stark could do that?” Sam shook his head, clearly impressed with the late genius’ invention.
“Not even surprised, honestly. I’ve known you for like ten minutes, and I have no doubt that’s a situation you’ve been in. You’re just that type of chaotic.”
He sat weeping for his Tony. Maybe this was all a mistake. Oh God. He was going to lose this Tony now too, probably. Maybe he should have kept his mouth shut. This other Tony didn’t love him, didn’t even know him, and Steve had naively thought he could just step in and find his happy ending. Damn him! Damn him and his naivety! But all that came out were more broken sobs. A hand hesitantly began patting his right shoulder, and Steve leaned into the touch gratefully.
“You really want to go on a date with me? Me, Tony? Seriously?” Tony gawked, still trying to reboot his brain from the crazy loop it was running.
Tony, though, smirked and patted Steve. “Ah ah ah, hot stuff. I thought it was agreed that I would ask the questions first.” Blushing, Steve apologized, much to Tony’s amusement. “No big deal, Cap, I’m joking. But seriously, I could kill for a sandwich and some coffee right about now.”
Tony walked over to the elevator, and Steve followed along with the rest of the team. Since the threat was quite close to the tower, it made sense to calmly exit the building through the conventional way. The more damage and chaos they could prevent, the better.
“You want to work at a station together?” Steve appeared next to him, eagerness plastered on his face, despite the deathly pallor of his skin (thanks to Jane’s makeup skills).
“Ohhhhh, is that what’s in the box? That makes more sense now!” Steve gave Sam a slightly annoyed look at his being interrupted.“Whoops, continue, man, I swear I won’t interrupt again.” Sam grinned.
That was only the beginning. He turned to see bursts of yellow rays hitting random people in the chest. The rays appeared to be causing the hallucinations, and Steve ran over to a man who was trying to stab himself with a shard of glass.
If Steve had thought the pain accompanying the repulsor blast was painful, then this was worse by a million times. Steve screamed as the energy from the gauntlet spread over his arm, ripping him apart, tearing into him, burning him.
Tony sighed, looking over at the other scare actors at his station. “Hey, does anyone want to switch with me? My entire body is killing me, and I feel like how Steve looks, in other words, dead as all hell,” Tony complained stretching his sore back.
“Shhh, shhhh, it’s gonna be okay,” a calm voice echoed through the darkness Steve found himself in. Tony, no, the person pretending to be Tony was gone, and Steve could see nothing. All he knew was that the gauntlet was gone, and this new voice sounded comforting and familiar.
“Yeah, you were screaming and shaking. Once he hit you with the lightning, you seemed to settle down,” Tony let out a long sigh before continuing, “We were scared you were going to die on us. The medics couldn’t figure out what to do, and you were starting to go into cardiac arrest. If Thor hadn’t—“ Tony stopped with a pained sound.
“Is this..?” Steve raised his eyes to Tony, his heart pounding. Shrugging the case of the object revealed it to be exactly what Steve thought it would be. His shield gleamed at him, shiny and new, and his heart ached for a second as he remembered how Tony had given it to him that day at the compound, before everything went to hell.
“Buck is my best bud, but Sam, I think he knows as well that it’s you. You’re Captain America. Bucky needs some more time, and I think he’s comfortable with where he is now. Trust me,” Steve glanced over at Bucky before adding, “and you can rest assured Bucky will understand. As for the shield, it’s in pieces, as you know, from the battle. But, when you or whoever it is returns the infinity stones, a prior version of the shield can be retrieved, I bet. Or maybe T’Challa can help build you a new one from vibranium in Wakanda.”
Tony grinned, his stomach flipping as Steve complimented him. “Thanks, you did really well on the see-saw too,” Tony offered awkwardly. “Very good, uh, see-sawing?”
This time, the group didn’t react as violently as previous groups, but hell if Tony cared. He was sick of this, and he just wanted to get out of the goddamn box.
“Well, not disintegrating people, but things near them, and if we don’t get out there soon, she may start actually targeting people,” The Iron Man helmet snapped up, covering Tony’s face. “And, as usual, keep everyone updated through the comms.”
“Steve’s just being nice, it’s not polite to just tell people they look horrifying,” Darcy interjected, as she began drawing teeth along the extended red smile she had given Tony.
“Nat? Clint? Bruce? How’s the situation down there?” Tony asked, scanning the area beneath him. People appeared to be snapping out of their hallucinations, but he can’t be too sure.
“Tony!” Steve admonished, chuckling at how much this Tony reminded him of his Tony. Maybe everything would be okay. It was almost like he was back home, before everything went upside down. But the ache of missing his own Tony still remained. Maybe it was one of those pains that would always stay in the corner of his heart.
“The poor man looks dead. I think my brilliant comments are the least of his worries,” Tony called back as he examined Steve’s scare actor look. “Damn, Jane, you’re talented too.”
“No! This may be the only way, and we can’t let these people suffer much longer!” Steve yelled, ducking as a man began throwing rocks from a nearby truck wildly around.
“That’s not a problem! I’m sure I can whip up some uniform for you. And a shield,” Tony excitedly interjected. “Genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist at your service, but I guess only two of those titles actually apply to the task.”
“Stark, that tells us practically nothing. How did he get here and where has he been?” Natasha crossed her arms, a defensive look crossing her features.
“Okay, so got any ideas of what you want to do?” Jane brought the guy over to sit in the chair next to Tony. And what do you know. It was none other than Steve fucking Rogers.
There was silence before Tony spoke up again. “That still doesn’t explain why or how you’re here,” Tony shrugged. “But it sounds like you’ve gone through some tough shit.”
Steve gawked, the sandwich suddenly feeling like lead in his stomach. This Tony was in danger of dying too? “Tony! Why didn’t you tell me? Why are you all alone here? That’s not safe, what if whoever it is comes after you here?”
“You first,” Tony said, feeling himself blush for the millionth time that night. (He usually never blushed, seriously what was wrong with him today?)
Steve stared, his mouth suddenly excruciatingly dry. The Tony that stood before him looked so much like his Tony, that it ached to see him alive and well again. “I-I-I, um, I,” Steve stammered.
Steve set him down outside the box and dropped his arms from where they had been around Tony. He stepped back carefully, still politely smiling at Tony. “Ready to go?” Steve asked, his face revealing no discomfort at having been so close to Tony a few seconds ago.
“Steve...we need to move Tony,” a gentle voice broke his panicked thoughts. Steve turned his blurring vision to the speaker. Sam stood with a hand on his shoulder, his eyes filled with compassion.
So here Tony was, crouching in this tiny ass wooden box, waiting for Clint to laugh. He could see Steve on the see-saw with Natasha. Why the fuck couldn’t he be the one on the see-saw? Why couldn’t acrobat Clint be in the box? This was unfair as hell.
“Don’t you dare apologize. Yes, we were worried. Yes, you shouldn’t have just tried to put yourself in danger like that. And yes, I should’ve not let you carry out your ridiculous plan, but what matters is that you’re still here.” Tony told him, his grip tightening on Steve’s hand.
The other man, Rhodey, sighs, shaking his head slowly. “It’s one of those nights, isn’t it?” he asks sagely, taking in Tony’s disheveled state.
“Don’t try to lick or eat this off, it’s nasty and is the equivalent of plastic,” Jane warned as she finished dabbing the wax on Steve’s lips.
Tony tilted his head up at Steve, his grin returning. “Thank you,” he said softly, his thumb rubbing over Steve’s knuckles gently.
“Urgh,” Tony grunted, stirring in his chair. He stretched for a second, groaning and then opened his eyes. His brown eyes met Steve’s blue ones, and next thing Steve knew, he was getting a crushing hug.
Steve made his way back to the cabin-type house, the box heavy under his arm. This was it. This was actually happening. He could see Tony Stark again. He had a chance to tell the man he loved how he felt. Granted, this wasn’t his Tony he would be meeting, but Tony was Tony, regardless of what dimension. And alternate dimensions be damned, if Tony had thought this was a possibility that could work, then Steve would believe in that possibility as well.
“Yep, they’ve got us on a tight schedule here,” Jane nodded at him as another student sat down before her.
“Right. Well, I suppose you know that I went down in the ice in ‘45?” Tony nodded to this. “Okay, so I guess I can’t provide much about that besides that I thought I was dead for sure. Instead, I woke up in a SHIELD facility nearly 70 years into the future; it was 2011 then. Apparently the combination of the ice and the serum had kept me alive for all those years until SHIELD found me. They had me join the Avengers, which is how I met you, and it’s just history from then on.”
“Anyway, Steve, is it fine with you if I just make you look dead? We’re technically on a clown theme, but it wouldn’t hurt to throw in a few dead people here and there, I think.” Jane swept her hair back with a scrunchie as she surveyed Steve.
“Oh God, you didn’t need to hear that, I mean you’re welcome to hear my thoughts, wait, that sounds weird, but yes. Yes, I’d actually really fucking love to go on a date with you, holy fuck, sorry, I’m just having a bit of a moment,” Tony pressed a hand to his forehead.
his brain reminded him, but Steve dismissed the thought quickly. This Tony had taken Steve in without a second thought, had done his best to make Steve feel at home, had not shied away at the thought of Steve loving him and him potentially loving Steve. That was love in and of itself.
The man continues to look through the windows, unbothered by the mess around him. He’s completely still except for the slow and slight rise and fall of his chest.
“Steve!” Tony shouted again, slamming hard onto the roof, taking Steve into his arms. Fuck, he had only known Steve for a week, but Tony already couldn’t bear losing him. Not when there was so much promise for their future. No, he was not going to lose Steve. Not now, not ever.
“ARRRRR!” Tony snarled at the cowering students. He robotically moved to grab the lid, but an uncertain “Tony?” stopped him.
Steve reminded himself. Well, all the more reason to make it count, and with that final thought, Steve pressed the button on the red device.
“Oh, but I do, Captain. And I feel you should share my knowledge,” she laughed, yellow magic swirling around her arms as she directed another beam of magic at him.
“This is Jane,” Darcy told Tony, who immediately gave Jane one of his signature thousand watt smiles.
Steve shrugged his shoulders and gave a small laugh. “Yeah, haunted houses aren’t usually my thing. But Bucky, my best friend, wanted to go check it out, so I figured, why not be in on the act of scaring him?”
“Owww,” Tony winced as a sharp spike of pain shot up from his already aching back. “That hurt quite a bit, I’ll have you know.” Tony glanced meaningfully at Natasha.
“Uh, maybe that guy?” Darcy answered, after a quick scan of the room. She pointed towards a blond guy standing awkwardly near the door.
Just thirty more minutes. Well, twenty-five now, Tony told himself. Honestly, he just wanted to go home and soak himself in an ice bath. This was not fun anymore. It was legal torture, that’s what it was. And he hadn’t even gotten time to flirt with Steve.
“I,” Steve continued, biting his lip. “I was just...would you...I mean, do you...want to go on a date with me, maybe? Like coffee?” Steve finished, his eyes wide and his hands fidgeting together. He looked adorably uncertain, and Tony felt his heart explode in excitement.
“Huh? Yeah?” Tony opened the lid to look at Natasha who was standing in front of him. “There’s still like seven minutes left.”
“Tony?” A confused voice breaks the silence, and the man seems to awaken, turning his head behind him towards the small lamp and the source of the voice.
This time a familiar, although irritated voice answered him. “Sir is currently preoccupied. He will be with you momentarily, Mr. Rogers.”
“Okay, solid. So, we get the flower, keep people from harming each other, and that’s that,” Tony snapped his fingers together suddenly. “Oh, and she can disintegrate things with her eyes, but she seems to only be doing that to buildings and people who attempt to control the chaos she’s causing.”
Which was totally a dumb thing to say, because of course it would work out better next time. It would have worked out just fine the first time had the school’s smoke detectors not been so sensitive.
A few beats of silence passed as Tony racked his brain for something to say. Something witty, something flirty, something
“I shall go cool off in that grand pool you built recently, Anthony. It was a great pleasure to meet you, Steven.” Thor gave Steve another hearty hug.
The billionaire stepped out of the elevator, leading Steve to a familiar kitchen. “You could start telling me your ice story while I prepare everything,” Tony suggested while opening the fridge to rummage for something.
“Good luck, I’m honestly not sure why he’s here, he looks terrified to be here, and this isn’t even the haunted house!” Darcy nudged her friend.
The rest of the team was saying things, but Steve couldn’t hear much over the loud buzzing sound settling in his ears. And the pain, oh the pain in his chest. God, was he dying? Just as soon as he had his second chance?
Steve chanted in his head as he continued to struggle against the stranger who masqueraded as Tony. But the struggle was futile as he felt the heavy weight of the gauntlet slip over his arm.
“And I’m beyond grateful that I have the chance to know you. Anywhere and everywhere you are, you’re a hero, and I can’t imagine a world without a Tony Stark,” Steve told him, smiling gently at him.
Pepper nodded again. “Steve, I just want you to know, it’s okay. What he says...it’s okay. You deserve your happy ending too.”
“I’ve idolized Captain America since I was a little kid, and seeing you here, telling me that you loved me, and that a version of me loved you, it’s a dream come true for me. Selfish as that sounds, I honestly do want to have a chance to make you happy. Steve, I want to give you the life I know your Tony wanted you to have, and I promise you, me and the team will treat you like one of our own.”
“Get ready, Iron Man,” Steve replied, as he swung his arm back. “Now!” Steve yelled as he flung the shield full force at the sorceress. The shield slammed into her chest, temporarily stunning her, but not before she released another beam at Steve, though this beam was larger and brighter than the previous ones.
Sam gave Steve a sad smile. “I’m really gonna miss you, Steve. I really will. Be safe out there,” and with that, Sam wrapped his arms around Steve in a big hug.
“Now that’s what I like to hear! Here less than an hour and you already know how to stroke an engineer’s ego. Where have you been all my life? I swear to God, this suit is gonna be a masterpiece that rivals anything Thor can bring from Asgard. And that includes his Asgardian mead. But seriously, that shit has a kick to it, and oh, you should totally try it, and—wait, oh, hmm, would leather be a good thing to put? Oh, you’d look dashing in leather. Which reminds me—” Tony babbled on, already engrossed in the task he had been assigned.
“I broke the glass like he broke me,” Tony swallows and takes a deep breath before slowly releasing. “All he had to do was stay.”
“Anthony, my good friend, you can worry no more!” Thor interjected, his voice booming around the kitchen.
“Hey! Careful, there’s glass all over the floor, it’d be no good if you went and sliced your foot open on one of them,” the man warns as he cautiously rolls over to Tony. “And I think I should be the one asking you that.”
They walked towards an elevator, and Steve realized that this Tony still had the Avengers tower rather than the compound.
Tony gave him a sardonic smile. “That’s where the good news ends, Cap. I’m being targeted by an old enemy of mine, and SHIELD and the team has put me on lockdown until they can find and eliminate the threat. Which means they don’t want me flying around as Iron Man.”
“Hey! Next group’s gonna come in soon! Nat, scare Tony’s posse off, would you?” Clint hollered, breaking up the conversation.
“I mean it, Sam. I know you have everything it takes and more. I want you to be Captain America. You more than deserve it,” Steve nodded. If there was anything he was 100% sure about, it was about giving the mantle of Captain America to Sam.
“Oh yes, that’s a skill I’ve been perfecting for a while now,” Steve deadpanned, eliciting giggles from both of them.
“I’m Tony,” Tony answered, raising his chin a bit so she could cover his chin a little better. “You do this often?” he joked, leaning back in the chair a little.
“Steve, it’s true I don’t know you, but I’m still Tony. Not your Tony, but a Tony, nonetheless.” Tony looked up at Steve, the care in his eyes evident. “I suspect that every Tony across all the dimensions shares a connection, an inherent knowledge of who to trust and care for, no matter how different their dimensions are. And I trust you Steve, I just know it’s the right thing to do, and I know I’ll never replace your Tony, but goddamn, I’ve had a crush on you...well, here I go admitting everything.”
“I know that I’ve only known you for a short time, but I really want to get to know you better. I want to give this relationship a shot, and the thought of losing you was terrible. I’m a futurist, and fuck, as corny as it sounds, I think my future is meant to be entwined with yours.”
“If your name is Steve Rogers and you’re Captain America, then you’re the person this video is meant for. If you’re not then kindly fuck off because this is not your video to watch. Now that that’s all sorted out, I’ll get right down to the meat of things. Well, Spangles, if you’re watching this, I’m most likely dead. Which sucks because I kind of hoped I would come out of this time heist alive, but beggars can’t be choosers.” Holographic Tony crossed his arms, a small frown on his face. Steve lowered his eyes, sadness flooding him once more.
He took in a deep breath again before looking straight at Steve. “We could’ve lost you.” Tony finished in a shaky voice.
Tony slaps his left knee as he laughs hysterically. “And how’d I do with protecting you?! Just look at you!” Tony cries, waving his hands at Rhodes’ chair. “I failed in protecting you, and just look, the entire universe just goes and punishes me further by having my best friend reveal that his best friend killed my damn parents.”
“OH MY GOD. OH MY—” One girl wailed as another student dramatically clutched his chest. Tony exaggeratedly growled at the students in an attempt to not laugh at their reactions. Sufficiently scared, the group cautiously shuffled to the next room as Tony grinned.
“Buck’s always been that way, don’t worry,” Steve gave Sam a reassuring pat. “But what I have to tell you is a little more, actually.” Steve took a deep breath before continuing. “Tony left me a gift and it gives me a chance to—”
The smile falters for a second and then slips off Tony’s face as if someone had just washed it away. A deep frown replaces the grin, and Tony drifts his now sunken eyes back to the floor covered in glass shards. “I don’t know why, I just—“ he breaks off in a deep sigh and rubs his face tiredly. “I can’t even keep my act together for you.”
“He should be awake by now if he was hit by a ray,” Bruce’s uncertain voice came over the comms, and Tony gritted his teeth.
“No, he left Pepper, his wife, and Morgan, his daughter one. As well as Colonel James Rhodes and Happy Hogan,” Steve answered, his shoulders beginning to ache with the strain of having his hands handcuffed behind him.
All is silent, and all would be almost peaceful except for the multiple shards of glass scattered in various rooms, indicating a prior less than serene event.
Steve woke to the steady beep of a heart monitor. He opened his eyes slowly, adjusting to the bright light. After blinking a few times, he realized he was in a hospital room. No IVs or oxygen masks were attached to him, but he felt an intense sense of fatigue wash over him.
“Bucky?” Steve furrowed his eyebrows as he considered Tony’s question. “Actually, no, I don’t think he even saw me, he was busy talking to some friends when he passed through.”
Tony was speechless. Steve had done this. For him? “I am honored that you got made-up as a dead person and see-sawed for two hours just so you could ask me on a date,” Tony told him, as he widely grinned. “That’s actually the best and most romantic thing anyone has ever done for me.”
“If you wanted to win over my heart, I think you did that with your smile alone,” Tony whispered, his breath hitching as Steve leaned forward.
“Convenient. Especially since you failed to save me,” Tony’s eyes suddenly grew cold and before Steve had a chance to react, Tony swung his fist violently into Steve’s face.
Tony Stark was dead. Tony Stark. The man who he had once said wasn’t the one to make the sacrifice play. How wrong he was. How terribly wrong he was. Steve felt like he was suffocating, like he was 90 pounds and suffering from asthma again. Oh God. Oh God. Tony had a family, and now he was dead.
“Ah, my favorite assassin!” Tony grinned a Cheshire-cat grin as he reached for the vials. “Tell me the details, come on.”
“Shit, you need water,” Tony quickly handed him a glass from beside his bed. “And yeah, whatever that sorceress hit you with, it was way stronger than anything else she had thrown out at people.”
“Yeah sure, whatever position works best for you,” Tony answered, grimacing when he realized the double meaning of his words. Smooth move, Stark, he sarcastically congratulated himself.
“Okay this is not coming out as smoothly as I wanted it to, but I’ve been meaning to ask you this since high school, and if you don’t want to, it’s fine, but I was just wondering, uh,” Steve stammered, a splotchy blush extending across his face despite the gray makeup still on him.
He was made for this. Hell, he should probably consider a side career in acting in horror films. Tony Stark — Horror Extraordinaire.
“Stay where you are, SHIELD medical is on its way,” Bruce was saying, but Tony couldn’t hear the rest because at that moment, Steve’s nose began to gush dark red blood. A few seconds passed, and then the screams started.
Natasha looked at him thoughtfully and then grinned. “Steve!” She exclaimed, grabbing the blond by the arm.
The sound of excited chatter wafted into the room, and Tony groaned. “The next group is almost here, and I’m stuck in this box!”
“Tony, buddy! Who’s this?” Clint Barton slapped Tony’s back, a twinkle in his eyes. Tony rolled his eyes, turning towards the archer.
“Fuck! You’re awake!” Tony gasped, leaning out of the hug a second later, his eyes wide. “Jesus, Steve, you’ve been out for like two days. I was fucking worried.”
“I’m pretty sure nobody says that, but I don’t disagree,” Steve smiled and tentatively took Tony’s hand in his. “Now, I don’t know about you, but I’m pretty cold, and I wouldn’t mind sitting down for some pizza and Halloween films back in my dorm.”
“HEIIIII IEEEH!” Clint yowled, jerking Tony out of his musings. He sprung up, screaming at the already frightened students.
“Yeah?” Steve looked over at Natasha. Realization dawned on his face. “You want me to lift Tony out of the box?”
“I don’t think they would let us sign up for this event unless we were somewhat competent at makeup,” Jane shrugged her shoulders. “You’re all done, Steve.” She patted his shoulder and motioned at another person to come forward for their makeup.
“The other device is red and is programmed to send you to a different dimension. Now, I know what you’re thinking. How could this be of any use? Well, this device will send you to a dimension that is nearly the same as ours. Except, well, you were never found. Meaning, uh, exactly that. The world lives without Captain America, so, if you were to drop in, nobody would ever know you weren’t the Steve from their dimension. Pretty nifty if you ask me.” Tony rubbed his hands together in the hologram and quirked his lips.
“Fine, I’ll stand in this corner and talk with Steve. Steve won’t tell me to shoo, right Steve?” Tony playfully smacked Steve’s shoulder.
“And here I thought you’d be busy causing buildings to evacuate with your lab experiments,” Steve dryly responded, closing his eyes as Jane started applying gray eyeshadow to his eyelids.
“Sure, I’ll give you my number, feel free to text any time. And I mean any time, I’m awake 24/7,” Tony quickly entered his phone number on Darcy’s iPhone. “Y’know just goes along with that mad scientist stereotype.”
“Walk through of the scare scene is happening in ten minutes! We’ll be assigning posts, meet outside in the hallway!” Thor, the student body president, shouted over the chatter in the room.
“That’s who she’s been busy trying to disintegrate,” Tony informed him, letting his arm drop from around his waist. “Now what’s the plan, Cap?”
James Rhodes, Rhodey, reaches out and gently pats one of Tony’s limp hands. “You’ve done more than enough for me, Tony. But you can’t help me if you don’t help yourself,” he gestures to the glass shards, “Now, care to explain what happened while I was out back?”
“Did you scare your friend?” Tony asked, carefully stepping around the puddle at the bottom of the first flight of stairs.
“I mean, I was hoping it’d look more on the side of terrifying and grotesque, but spooky works too, I guess,” Tony quipped.
“I just handled two hours of you screaming at people while dressed as a clown, so I’m pretty sure I’m qualified to handle your dramatic side,” grinned Steve.
“How does he know you?” Clint scrunched his face up. “How does Captain America know Tony Stark of all people? Weren’t you born in like 1901 or something?” Clint shook his head in confusion.
Steve lowered his head, unable to look at Tony. “I’m sorry for worrying you,” he began, but the feel of Tony’s hand in his stopped him.
“Yes, I’m from another dimension. Only reason I know I am is because you’re standing alive in front of me,” Steve paused and then decided to continue once he realized Tony was not going to add anything. “Thanos, I don’t know if you know who that is, but anyway, he erased half of human life. To cut the long story short, you possessed all the infinity stones and snapped him and his army out of existence, thus saving us all. But, you...you didn’t make it. The power of the infinity stones was too much, and you died from your injuries.” Steve hung his head, tears pricking the corners of his eyes. He wouldn’t cry, no, not now. Not now. Definitely not now.
At least he had his number. One step at a time, Tony reminded himself as he braced himself to scare more people.
“Stark pulled some strings to get vibranium from Wakanda,” Natasha spoke up, quirking her lips at Steve. “Captain America is known for his shield, so it only made sense.”
Tony glanced over at Steve who flashed him a thumps-up from his seat on the see-saw. Okay, so maybe this wouldn’t be too bad, Tony thought as he lowered himself back into the box, making sure to shut the lid after himself.
“Sorry, but that won’t faze me, been there done that,” Tony quirked his eyebrows challengingly at Darcy who shook her head.
Fury had furiously fought against this, but once presented with the facts that Steve could be a valuable asset to the Avengers, he had relented and opted to call off all future expeditions that dealt with looking for the still frozen Captain America of their world. This, according to his reasoning, would lower the chances of the public having to deal with there being two Captain Americas.
Tony grins sickingly while rubbing his chin in mock thought. “And, oh yeah, it all gets better when said best friend tries to kill me and leaves me to die in—“
“Thor, we don’t even know that he is who he says he is!” Natasha snapped, her eyes narrowing at Steve and Tony.
“I better get on with it, but because I love you, I wanted to give you one last gift. It’s pretty simple. You’ve got three choices. In the box, there’s two watch-type devices. One is blue and is programmed to a certain time and date in the forties. Put it on your wrist, press the button, and you’ll be sent back in time to Peggy Carter. You could live out your life with her, if you wanted. Get that dance you once told me about.” Tony nodded, smiling at Steve.
“Good idea,” Tony replied, his voice slightly out of breath. “Thor and I aren’t having much luck up here. Every time we get close, she almost gets one of us with one of those yellow rays. We’re gonna need a distraction of some sort.”
“That’s it, Halloween is officially the best fucking thing to ever exist. I have been blessed by the power of the Halloween gods, and I am eternally grateful,” Tony clasped his hands dramatically as Steve shook his head. “Sure you can handle the dramatic side of me?” Tony smirked at Steve.
Tony leaned back, tapping his foot thoughtfully. “So, I, surprisingly enough, don’t have anything to work on, besides updating the suit, so how about we eat and you can tell me how you just so happen to be still alive after all these years,” Tony sucked in a breath, crossing his arms. “And, if you have any questions about this dimension, I guess I can answer those.”
“Craziest week of my life,” Tony murmured, his voice barely audible. “But everyone deserves a second chance at life.”
No fucking way had Steve Rogers just asked him on a date. This wasn’t, couldn’t be real. Maybe he had hit his head harder with that wooden lid than he thought. Or maybe, somehow this was actually happening.
Happy led Steve to an empty bedroom in the house where a small box lay on top of a wood table. “Here it is,” Happy motioned to the box. Happy took a deep breath before adding, “Take care of yourself, Steve. We’re gonna miss you.” With that cryptic statement, Happy left the room, closing the door quietly behind him.
Luckily Steve didn’t seem fazed by his words, as he gently wrapped his hands under Tony’s arms and lifted him smoothly out of the box. Which was quite impressive considering Tony was not that small of a guy to begin with. But then again, Steve was built with muscles that could rival a Greek god, so Tony wasn’t super surprised.
“Thank you, Sam,” Steve replied, feeling the now familiar mix of sadness and happiness rising in his chest as he watched Sam walk back to where Bucky stood. There was little more to do other than go back to the room Happy had led him to. What had started out as a terrible, morose day had quickly turned into a day that was full of possibilities, and most importantly, hope.
“What? Seriously? That’s fucking crazy!” Clint whooped, pumping his fist in the air. “This mission just got a hell of a lot more interesting.”
Natasha could have been her own individual station. She embodied the word “scary.” Tony had tried to joke with her, but the deathly glare she shot him had sent shivers down his spine. It also didn’t help that Clint had told him that Natasha could kill a man with a post-it note. Which was random but also terrifying. And Tony had no doubt it was true. So he just let Natasha be after that.
Steve watched him for a few seconds, warmth filling his heart. Tony was safe; he was okay. This was the Tony he loved.
“Oh, isn’t that a brilliant question. You don’t remember how you got here?” Steve shook his head at this and Tony chuckled mirthlessly.
“Tony…” Steve blinked, a sudden feeling of warmth spreading through him. “I can’t thank you enough, truly.”
“So, got any ideas in particular for your look?” his assigned makeup artist asked him, breaking him out of his thoughts.
The glass shards continue into another room, except it’s charcoal-colored linoleum now. No liquid surrounds the shards, but a man sits motionless in a cushioned chair in the middle of the room. The chair sits facing a panel of glass windows. In daylight, it’s a lovely view of trees and green grass. A peaceful paradise of nature. However, it’s night, and the moon is obscured by the clouds. Complete darkness awaits on the other side of the window, and the man is left staring into an empty abyss.
He painstakingly took the pieces off, careful around any damaged parts. When he finished, it was just him and Tony surrounded by bloody scraps of metal.
The team, including Steve, were gathered in the living room waiting for Tony to return from the soiree. It was movie night and they never started without everyone present.
Tony had stopped his cleaning during Steve’s apology, and turned fully to consider him. The man was standing stock still and hadn’t taken a single breath between words. His voice had stayed steady and gave only the slightest inflection.
Steve suddenly looked stricken with guilt. He really had been an idiot lately. Of course they’d all be hurt by what he said. They were his family too and he’d dismissed them just as badly as he’d dismissed Tony.
As soon as he was able to stay awake for more than a few seconds after the fight, Tony, Rhodey, and Pepper worked out a story on what had happened. Rhodey and Pepper had insisted Tony not disclose he was the one in the suit, probably thinking if he didn’t admit to being Iron Man he wouldn’t pursue the superhero lifestyle. Tony had been more hesitant, wanting more to admit that he was Iron Man. But if the two most important people in his life thought he should keep it quiet for now, then so be it.
Tension Steve hadn’t even realized was there bled out of him. He sighed in relief and gave a small smile. It felt like things would finally start returning to normal.
“I did!” He retorted, a little too fast. “I mean, I told him I was sorry, but he said it wasn’t genuine or sincere or something to that effect.”
Clint and Thor stopped munching on their popcorn, Bruce looked up from his book for the first time, and Natasha raised an eyebrow at him.
“Okay then. Since you’re not trying to create the most expensive speed bump in the world, wanna tell me what we’re doing up here?” Tony shrugged and rested his elbows on his knees, giving Clint a smidge of anxiety back.
The quick trip over had been uneventful, and so was dinner. They’d gone to a quiet little area in the city off the main paths. Several restaurants lined a small alcove of picnic tables and urban shrubbery. Lights had been strung between each restaurant and a small fire-pit sat in the center. It looked like something out of the Midwest, not in the middle of a giant metropolitan city.
Clint clapped Steve on the shoulder and took the lead on trying to diffuse the situation. “Recycling can be a bitch, I know. Maybe we should call it a night? It was a long day and I don’t know about you guys, but I ate waaaay too much.” He put a hand over his stomach for emphasis. “Why don’t we just head home?”
They stayed like that for probably longer than necessary, but Tony had longed for the contact and Clint didn’t mind giving it. When they finally pulled away, Clint felt a wet spot on his shirt, just above his hip. He looked at the dark stain on his side, and then to the matching stain underneath Tony’s jacket.
“It’s the damn recycling! I never know what goes where! It used to all just go in the same bin but now it’s a complete damn mess!”
“Should I be concerned that you’re literally teetering on the edge of a bridge? No offense, man, but that’s a pretty cliché way to go. Even for you.”
“Can we keep this on the quiet side? I don’t wanna deal with any fussing tonight.” Tony gave his best puppy dog eyes, even going so far to quiver his lip for the dramatics of it all.
It really had been such a nice evening. Food was shared (or maybe Clint stole a dumping off Tony’s plate and almost got a fork in the hand for it), tales of heroism were recalled (Thor sharing about his time on Asgard), and overall good company was had.
Rhodey gave him a scrutinizing look, his gaze sharp. “We’re not done talking about this.” He looked around the rest of the room, or at least what he could see from the screen. “And where’s boy wonder?”
Some hot-headed suits from the white house give him shit about democracy and whatever, and he gets to make a fool of Justin Hammer in front of a live audience. The thought of someone knocking down his doors and taking his suits only
He started to advance on Steve, and everybody in the room tensed up. Tony put his hands to Rhodey’s chest to give a little resistance. “Relax, relax! There’s no need for you to defend my honor. It was just a misunderstanding. He didn’t
Steve looked surprised for a moment, and then suddenly broke out in laughter. “Oh like you’re one to talk.” He helped Tony sit up and take a couple sips of water, being mindful of all the bandages and swatting at his hands when he tried to yank out his own iv. “How you feeling?”
And what was that ringing? God, he couldn’t hear a thing over it. It filled his head, made it seem like there was cotton in his ears.
God, it felt like a huge knot had settled in his chest and wasn’t planning to leave any time soon. Tony didn’t want to think about the rest of the team not actually wanting to spend time together. He swallowed the lump in his throat and tried to get back to work.
“Oh, and your best friend? He was definitely always with you? Right?” Tony gave just the smallest pause, just enough to really emphasize his point. “Bucky was with you
The team had been out celebrating their latest victory, if it could even be called that. Strange had managed to bring some fun little creatures to the city during one of his magical escapades. The man had mostly gotten it under control, but the Avengers figured they could lend a hand regardless. The whole ordeal had been over within an hour and minimal property damage had been done. So all-in-all, a victory.
That really hadn’t been the answer Clint was expecting. He laughed back at him, “You can be such a dick sometimes!”
for trying to keep this team afloat. I should just be at your beck and call every moment of every day, right? Just like everybody from your
He stalked towards the street and whistled for a taxi. As he shuffled in, he muttered quietly, “maybe I’m the only pathetic dumbass here that thought we were a family.” The others could hear him tell the taxi driver as he was closing the door, “I’ll give you a thousand dollars if you get me to Avengers tower in less than 10 minutes,” and then he was gone.
He gave the team a place to live and feel safe. He outfitted them with the latest weapons and gear, all while running a company on the side. He kept the press satisfied and the government at bay. He provided everything they needed and never so much as asked for a thank you.
He broke out of the trance and nodded, allowing himself to be led back by Thor. He was a familiar presence right at Steve’s back. Clint showed up next, filling the space immediately to his left. Bruce was Bruce again, and he was pretty much asleep on his feet, only being held up by Thor. After Coulson arrived to take over with the med team, Natasha came and placed herself right in front of Steve, blocking most of the scene a few paces ahead of the group.
Tony rushed into the kitchen and stepped in Rhodey’s line of sight, “Whoa whoa, what seems to be the issue?” He gave Thor a nod, who released Rhodey and stepped away. “I thought you were coming in Monday, Sugarplum?”
Over at the garbage bins, Steve was slamming his dirty tray onto the stack. Not enough force to cause any damage, but enough to show he was clearly frustrated. Tony studied the harsh lines of his face as he stalked back over, his hands shoved deep in his pockets. He just looked angry and irritated, like the garbage receptacles had personally insulted his mother. Something had clearly set him off.
The others had been trying unsuccessfully to act like they weren’t listening, but all their faces were sporting frowns. Tony’s expression turned cold again. “You can’t possibly mean that.”
They met in the garage where Happy was already waiting with a car. It was a very short limousine that could easily be mistaken as just another fancy car with some new, weird, stretched-out frame. It was inconspicuous enough to get the six of them around.
It didn’t take terribly long to reach the bottom, but as Tony was stepping off the last rung, Clint reached out pulled him into a tight hug. He sighed into the man’s hair.
“That thing we had to do for Strange last week. C’mon you know those bug creatures I’m talking about. I took a hit to the face plate and got this for my troubles. No big deal.”
Steve plopped onto the bar stool and let his hands fall into his lab, shaking his head in disbelief. He looked like he regretted Tony coming up, like he’d had rather been bludgeoned by the colonel as some sort of penance for what he’d done.
Jarvis, ever helpful and knowing full well Rhodey would just be suspicious if Tony didn’t pick up, responded back, “That would be ill advised, sir.”
Except, recently he’d been making statements about missing his past and Peggy and Bucky and the sorts. He made comments about not feeling like he belonged in the future and how he wished he could go back.
my family!” He got right up into Tony’s face, “and I wish we’d all just stop pretending like we’re happy!”
Bruce flipped another page in his book. “Tony will come around eventually. He just took it the hardest out of us, is all.”
flinched at the mention of Steve, but quickly reeled himself in. “Ah out doing who knows what. Probably destroying a punching bag or giving some kids a lesson on justice and morality.” He didn’t pause to give Rhodey a chance to respond. “Back to the suit. When are you stopping by? I have that rich people thing next week and a board meeting a couple days after, but I’m free the rest of the time. Really, I can’t have you out and about protecting our assets with outdated tech. Tsk tsk, are you trying to give me a bad name?”
It had been about an hour in, when Tony realized they weren’t going to win that fight. Clint and Natasha had all but run out of ammo, Thor’s charge was starting to wane, Bruce had been hulked out far too long, and Steve couldn’t toss that frisbee forever.
He shook his head. “Everyone’s fine. None of the animals were infected with anything contagious. They’re out helping with cleanup right now.”
Natasha didn’t show her surprise, but Steve could tell it was there. Thor made no such attempts to conceal his shock. “That’s quite a noble endeavor! I am pleased you have sought out assistance.”
Clint grumbled something under his breath and shot a text to Phil. “And how did being mugged lead to you at the top of Manhattan Bridge?”
Tony sat down across from him, in a chair that was likely worth more than a small home in rural Ohio. The press conference had just ended a few minutes before and Tony had, begrudgingly, stuck to the cards.
They were finishing up their meals and thinking about hitting up somewhere for coffee, or maybe going to see a movie. Clint was giving details about some new comedy he wanted to see when everything went south.
“Tony, you gave me a home. You gave me a family and I’m an idiot for ever taking that for granted. You’re kind and smart and you’ve given me everything. You took us all in when we had nowhere to go and made sure we never wanted for anything. And I’ll spend the rest of my life trying to make up for what I’ve done. I can’t bare to think about you not being in my life anymore.
Rhodey reluctantly let himself be pulled away. As they were leaving, he looked over his shoulder and shoved a finger in Steve’s direction, “Don’t you
Clint and Natasha were also in the kitchen, intently watching the scene unfold. They looked ready to spring into action the second things turned sour. Clint must’ve been in the middle of making a sandwich. Assorted lunch meats, cheeses, and vegetables were laid out on the counter. If this went on much longer, the fillings would go bad. And were those
Immediately, Steve released the tension in his body and dropped his hands. “Oh my god. Tony I didn’t mean-“ he went to take a step towards him, hands reaching out to help him up, but Tony flinched reactively and Thor placed a hand on Steve’s chest in response. Steve couldn’t tear his eyes away from his boyfriend, the look of hurt and betrayal sharp on his face.
Really, Tones? Really?” Rhodey covered his face with his hands, letting out a groan. “Can you even imagine what would’ve happened if you’d said that?”
And god, sometimes the future could be hard. It certainly had gotten easier since he’d first woken up, but he still wasn’t accustomed to the little nuances that made up this century.
Tony couldn’t help the grin the spread across his face. He reached out and grabbed onto the collar of Steve’s shirt, pulling him close. “God that’s so fucking corny.
Clint was already in the car and Natasha was starting to get in. She turned and saw Steve hadn’t moved a muscle since Tony left. She was half tempted to leave him there to find his own way back, but that wasn’t the mature way to handle the situation. She snapped her fingers at him and pointed at the car, “Get in.”
“Well, I’ll be able to answer that question a little better after I have my meeting with the Colonel,” Tony told him because it was true. He knew the Colonel would want to question him, and the outcome of that discussion would decide what he did next. “I promise to let you know as soon as it’s done.”
Bucky re-entered the room and said more bluntly, “Let’s see the damage.” Before he handed Tony the water and some more pain relievers. Tony quietly took them and drank down the water. Bucky grabbed the glass and set it aside.
Tony could see how it ate at Steve’s pride to admit this. That his physical limitations somehow made him less of a man, which was bullshit.
Howard’s mouth gave a faint smile. “Good deal.” They released hands, and each took a final drink of their almost empty bottles. Once they were done, Howard added, “My father’s name was Anthony. Did you know that?”
“He’s right,” Tony added. “You are really good, and you’re lucky to do something you love. It may not be convenient right now, but it seems to work. And don’t sweat it, I’m gonna pitch in and help out while I’m here.”
A great staircase stood before him leading up to the next floor where he knew Strange’s private library was located. Tony began to walk towards it, but every step he took set his instincts to screaming. Wrong, wrong, wrong…Get out now!
“Sometimes,” Bucky answered, “Sometimes I like that because I need to know that I’m Steve’s, that he wants me, and I’m good just doing what I’m told. With the dames I date, it’s very tiring to pretend, especially when I know Steve is waiting for it to be over.”
An hour later they were walking through the doors of Martinelli’s, and Francesco was there at the front podium waiting for them.
“OK, beard,” he said in his best Al Pacino voice, “say hello to my little friend.” Badass Tony Montana Stark is about to give himself a shave.
he heard couldn’t possibly be true. Then I explained to him the reality of what would happen if he went around spreading such a damaging and blatant lie like that to the neighborhood. I also could have implied that even though what he thought he heard wasn’t true, I happened to know something very true about him. Something that would be very unpleasant for him if it were to get out to certain people.”
Tony rolled his eyes at himself as he took another drag from his cigarette. Even if Steve believed him, which was not likely without proof, it’s not like Tony actually knew where Bucky was. He didn’t have the location of HYDRA’s top-secret base in his address book, but he knew Steve would eventually find out if they followed the timeline. So, Tony just tapped his foot and smoked his tobacco and tried to ignore the numbness in his hand.
“I…” he began, feelings his heart begin to beat faster. “Something happened the other night…at the expo.”
“Regardless, you helped. Also, the name creates a problem for us and the real Stark if you’re going to be working alongside the Captain in the field. You two look similar enough, and we don’t need people to think he’s moonlighting as a soldier. So, since this is your second chance, and it would make things a little easier on our end, do you want a new fake name?”
“I’m pretty sure the other prisoners did it,” Tony told him as they made it to the wall’s opening. “We just need to catch up with them, and I’ll get you patched up, sweetheart.”
Bucky swallowed his food and answered, “Dernier was a feisty little Frenchman. He joined the Resistance in Marseille and learned to love blowing stuff up. It’s what got him captured in the first place.” He cut another piece of waffle and bacon. “He was in our cell, and one day he mixed up a batch of some stuff that ruined one of the machines. It killed one of the top HYDRA officers, and we had our rations taken away for a week. Never thought I’d miss the crap they gave us ‘til it was gone.”
He fought against the pain in his own head and delivered two quick uppercuts to both sides of the torso, thinking he heard a rib crack as the first one landed. Joe staggered back a few more steps, and it was all Tony needed. Tony stepped forward and to left and kicked out, Joe’s knee making a satisfying pop as it connected. The man cried out as he fell sideways to the ground.
Bucky turned to Steve and nuzzled his head into the blonde’s chest seeking comfort. “I can’t talk about it yet, what I remembered, what set me off. I promise I will because I know I’ll have to, but only to you. Then, to Tony when he gets back. If I’m ever gonna have a piece of what I lost, you’re going to have to know.”
Also, my grammar is not usually this poor, but you try writing a Brooklyn accent without cutting off a letter at the end of a word every now and then.
When they went to leave, Francesco flat out refused to accept Tony’s money, something he was quite unaccustomed to. He did, however, allow Tony to leave a very generous tip for Gianetta. She had been lovely, and Tony was quite certain she’d caught a glimpse of his hand on Bucky’s thigh at one point when she’d entered the room, though she made no comment. She was flawlessly professional and kind.
He looked back to Tony and saw the other man was now awake and watching him. Tony smiled, and Bucky loved the little crinkles it made around his eyes. The few strands of silver at his temples glinted in the morning light. He was so handsome.
Below him, Tony could see that it only took the dazed prisoners a moment before they realized what was happening and jumped to their feet. Survival instinct kicking in as adrenaline gave them motion. Once they were standing, and he could make out their faces more clearly, Tony was shocked to see that all of the men in the cage below them were the future commandos of Steve’s team, with two missing.
They eventually made it to the other side where they found a door that led to a corridor. Steve took the lead as Tony watched their backs and made sure no one followed them through or snuck up on them. Soon they came across another door. This one had no window and a heavy lock to keep it closed.
Bucky shrugged and smiled nervously. “We’re pretty gone over you, Tony. We have been for a while. I understand if you don’t feel the same, but please don’t leave.” He begged. “I’m sorry if I screwed this up. I’m just so sick of always pretending, and I…I don’t wanna lose you.”
“I’m sorry.” And he meant it. “I’m sorry for worrying you, for being reckless, for being…me. Just please let me get this bandaged up, and I’ll get out of your hair. I promise.”
“Steve?” He called out as he started shucking off his work boots. “Please tell me you started cooking. I’m starvin’.”
“Come on my dick, Tony.” Steve said as his hips began to lose their rhythm, “Come on, love you so much. Let go for me,” and he wrapped a hand around Tony’s cock and…
“What are we taking everyone, now?” Dum Dum Dugan himself asked as he looked at a now freed Jim Morita.
Steve had worked out a similar arrangement with Lucille, the hospital receptionist he had seen for New Years. She had readily agreed when she’d learned that he was also in a hidden inverted relationship. She’d even suggested that Bucky do the same with one of her lovers, so Bucky was now courting the girl he’d danced all night with and was enjoying it immensely.
“If we don’t have any unexpected delays, we should reach the location for the next show in nineteen hours, Captain Rogers,” Tony said as he wiggled his foot impatiently against the floorboard. Tony always addressed him that way when he and Steve were in front of others.
Bucky stared at the dark ceiling above his head in a state of shock for the second time that night. He loved Tony. Not the same way he loved Steve, but not the way he would if Tony were just his friend. Was it possible to love two people at once? It didn’t feel right, like he was betraying Steve. God, what was wrong with him? Was this connected to how messed up he was? Was he that much of a freak? Then again, Bucky had to admit that he’d maybe been in denial about how he felt, and he knew why.
Steve shook his head but was still grinning. “Sometimes I wonder what’s really going on in your head. Then I think it’s probably best I don’t know.”
“You are both angry, and it isn’t at each other. Stress does this to people, even people who love each other, and
“Yes,” his German accent caught Tony’s attention. “I am quite alright,” he said ruefully, “but my research is another matter.”
Steve didn’t understand what the man meant as they stopped in front of the door. He was just trying to keep his mouth shut and avoid insubordination.
This will be the last chapter before the time jumps start up again. I'm tying up some loose ends as their relationship really begins, so next chapter will show our boys several months from now. I know many of you have been looking forward to/dreading a certain upcoming event. Well, buckle up because after this one it is fast approaching.
Tony sighed. “I am far from a saint,” he conceded, “and I have done many violent things in my life, but never to innocent people and only in defense of myself and others. I learned the hard way if it’s them or me, it will be them. Every single time.”
Hearing this James’s eyes lost most of their suspicion as he stretched out a hand to Tony. “Well then, I guess I owe you one. James Barnes,” he said as Tony clasped the offered hand for a firm but friendly shake.
The men around them laughed at their Captain’s sarcastic response to Tony’s heartfelt announcement, but Tony knew everything Steve wasn’t saying, so he played the game.
When Bucky had realized Tony had talked of leaving, he got anxious and angry. Tony couldn’t leave. Did he really think they’d disown him over this? Especially when he’d done it for Steve?
“You’re so tight, sweetheart. I wish you could see how well you take me.” Tony panted as he continued to fuck him. “The way you clench around my cock every time I get nice and deep. My sweet boy, being so good for me.”
Tony couldn’t believe how quickly time was moving now that they knew Bucky was leaving. It felt like precious moments were slipping through his fingers, and he just couldn’t grab hold of anything. He tried not to show it. He wanted the last couple of weeks they had together to be good ones. He didn’t want Bucky worrying about him and Steve when he went away.
Tony looked across the bed at Steve’s still sleeping figure, and Bucky’s eyes followed. “We should probably start breakfast.” He said quietly, giving Bucky a quick peck on the cheek before he started to get up. “I don’t think sleeping beauty will be waking soon.”
Steve’s shock was finally replaced by a new expression as he looked at the bloody fabric like it was offending him personally. “We need to get you to a hospital.”
Tony was trying to calm himself and get used to the rhythm Bucky was setting, but that flew out the window when Steve, still facing Bucky, swung a leg over Tony’s head and straddled his face. His shins rested on Tony’s biceps, effectively pinning his upper arms down and giving Tony a close view of his cute little ass.
Bruce smiled. “It’s a shame so many people think the worst of him because of what the media has done to his reputation. Tony’s far from perfect, but he cares more than he lets show.”
“If that’s what it takes, then get it done.” The colonel barked at Howard. “I won’t accept failure on this because someone dropped the ball by not putting in the work. You wanted this job, Stark. Don’t make me regret giving it to you.”
The feel of hands gently running over his skin was the first thing he noticed as the world slowly returned. It felt soothing, and he sighed. He was warm in this soft place. He heard quiet voices whispering sweet things to him, and he felt loved and safe. The longer he listened to the voices and focused on the light touches, he began to understand more of his surroundings. It was like slowly waking from a good dream. He felt the skin of two bodies against his, but their voices let him know it was OK.
He understood the reason behind it. Steve wasn’t an idiot, and he knew that barely eight months of freedom after seventy years of torture and blood would not be enough to heal the damage done to Bucky. It would probably never go away. That didn’t mean that it still didn’t hurt every time Steve wanted to hug him or hold him and knew that he couldn’t.
After a few seconds, he shrugged and kept walking. It didn’t really matter yet. The only thing he was consulting Erskine on at the moment was his list of reason’s coffee was better than tea. He used to have very similar consultations with Bruce at the tower, and that thought made him miss his fellow scientist and friend in the future.
He angled his hips to hit the magic spot that would reduce Steve to an incoherent mess, and he was rewarded by his second thrust. Steve jerked beneath him, and Tony felt the thin muscles of Steve’s upper arms flex under his hands as Steve’s prostate was hit. Tony knew it was probably still sensitive from their first round on the couch, and he was going to use this mercilessly.
Bucky’s face lit up at Tony’s confession, but when he spoke, he almost sounded shy. “Of course we want you, Tony.”
“At least you’re dressed the part,” Steve said as he looked at Tony’s black stealth outfit, or it was as close to one as Tony could manage with civilian resources.
“Bucky, behind you!” Dugan yelled, and Bucky turned to open fire at the German soldiers that were rushing to their point of cover. The soldiers fell feet away from their position, and they scrambled to the other side of the foxhole to take out more soldiers approaching them.
They had to move faster. Bucky was moving a little on his own, but the whole place was on fire and coming down around them. Steve looked around desperately for their safest way out and saw a walkway that led to the other side of the factory suspended over the flames. “This way,” he told his partners as he grabbed Bucky’s arm again.
Bucky watched as all his friends stood open-mouthed at the crazy-wonderful man that was his boyfriend. It was so like Tony, and Bucky ached as he realized just how much he’d missed him. Tony had already adopted these men as his family, and he was trying to take care of them.
“It was the cave.” The words were out of his mouth before he could stop them. “I, I was back in the cave. After it happened, I had nightmares all the time. I’d wake up and think I was still there, about to die.”
“Mr. Stark,” Erskine called out beside him, and Tony’s eyes followed his stare to find the man answering his call.
The owner of the building Anthony Stark, Codename: Ironman, Previous Target Status: under surveillance, Hazard Level: High--avoid contact and detection, was not a quiet presence.
Then Steve started to move. He ground his hips against Tony’s ass, and he groaned as his hands landed on Tony’s chest between Tony’s outstretched legs that were still being held up by Bucky.
“Washing Machine.” He finished for him. “Again, it’s purely selfish because now I don’t have to help hand wash laundry,” he grinned.
Not good enough, Steve thought. He had to know now. He had to help now. “But if you know where they are, why not at least send…”
“Troglodyte,” Tony corrected with satisfaction, apparently having used one too many syllables for this troll and his friends to follow. “You know, a cave dweller; someone intentionally ignorant.” Tony knew his smug smile would only piss them off further.
“It’s alright.” Tony shrugged. “My parents died in an accident when I was younger. I don’t have siblings and never met my grandparents.”
“I’ve never actually experienced it,” Tony admitted, looking sorry for not having a better answer, which was ridiculous because he was already answering so much. “It’s rather difficult for me to fully submit. However, I’ve been in the dominant role for a partner who has, but everyone is different. Generally, the intense emotions and sensations create a flood of these chemicals in a person’s brain. The effect is somewhat drug-like.”
With that, they took off on foot traveling north by northwest through the forest as silent as shadows. They didn’t need words with how in tune they were with each other. When one shifted to change direction or avoid a foot hazard, the other followed easily. Tony was reminded of the first time they’d fought side by side against the Chitauri, perfect synchronization of repulsor and shield without ever having the need of practice.
Bucky actually smiled up at him. It was small, but it was real. “I know. It’s like I said, selfless but also selfish for my sake, and I’m thankful Steve. It’s so hard to deal with the conflicting memories in my head. Some are really wonderful, and others are too horrible to think about. I know I’m not going to get better overnight, but I realize that I am thankful. You need someone to care for, and I obviously need someone to help take care of me, so it works out well enough.”
They should have found safety by now. The men they’d lost in the last…god, he didn’t even know how many days…should still be here, alive, recovering in an army hospital. They’d been discovered again a few days back as they’d tried to reach allied territory. The only problem was that it was no longer allied territory when they’d crossed into it. They’d been trapped on both sides.
He decided to take the first step. Communication was the only way this would work if they were all going to enjoy this. And Tony really wanted them to enjoy it.
“Buck,” Steve chided, but he could tell the blonde was amused. Or maybe he just hoped he was. “Let’s save the gunfire for the shooting range.”
“You are right.” He nodded as if willing himself to believe it. “They cannot win. Perhaps I will visit again when the war is won.” He shook his head. “Forgive me. This is a special night.”
Tony nodded. “The audience enjoyed the show. I know you were nervous, but once you get used to it, I’m sure Captain America will be able to inspire even more people to help with the war effort.”
This week had been harder than Steve had ever expected. He knew it would be difficult to say goodbye to Bucky, even knowing he’d return before he shipped out. He hadn’t known it would be this hard. Everything reminded him of Bucky, including Tony, and Steve was not proud to admit that he didn’t really know how to have a relationship with someone when Bucky wasn’t in the equation.
His voice was so small, scared and unsure. Steve knew what it must be costing Bucky to ask for these things so he didn’t make a big deal out of any of it. He wanted Bucky to know that he could tell Steve what he needed, like he always had.
As Tony fell asleep cuddling up to Bucky’s left side with Steve on his right, he gently ran his fingers down the arm that lay over his chest. This arm was warm and strong and smooth, but all he could see and feel was cold, hard metal plates. He cursed the future.
He remembered what Abrams said about his heart, how it had never faltered and strongly kept pumping despite all of his injuries, a few of which were deadly if not life threatening. His heart had never slowed. Tony briefly wondered what it would take to make it stop.
From across the table, Bucky finally spoke. “We’ll hold you all evening, honey. You don’t have to tell us why, but just let us be there for you. We miss you.”
Having those words thrown at him so suddenly had left Tony’s mind careening to the past as he’d struggled to separate the Howard from his childhood and the younger version in front of him. He’d stammered, “I-I…what?”
Tony looked down over Steve’s body and noted that he was also nicely dressed and so adorably handsome Tony could kiss him breathless. He smiled at the blonde. “You’re right. I hope Francesco has our usual table available.”
Tony felt something loosen in his chest, and he didn’t think it was just because of the alcohol. This really was his second chance with Phillips, with the SSR, this was his chance.
They both stared at him quietly for a moment, until Bucky finally broke out with, “I can’t believe you think you’re not worth being around. I swear I’d like to find the idiots who made you think that and kick their asses.” Steve nodded, looking serious.
Lucille and her girlfriends showed up after that to fret over Tony, and while he was thankful for their concern and usually would have loved the company of three pretty ladies to talk to, he was also getting very tired by the time their goodbyes were being said.  He was grateful when he was finally alone with Steve, and the knowledge that it was now too late for other people to stop by unexpectedly only added to his gratitude.
He also had a healthy blush spreading across his face. “Just some sketches I sell sometimes to help out.”
When they’d first arrived at the tower, and Steve had brought Bucky down to the workshop for the first time, he’ll admit that he’d been nervous. Bucky was still cagey back then, and Tony could be a force to be reckoned with. Then, Steve had seen Bucky’s face as he’d taken in the room. His eyes had scanned over every machine and projection to finally land on the wall that housed the Iron Man suits.
Tony had made a bullet proof suit with flamethrower arms to survive. Had lived with a painful hunk of metal in his chest as it slowly poisoned him, just to buy himself extra time. He’d pulled Pepper down with him because he couldn’t face his demons on his own, almost getting her killed. Later, she’d almost gone crazy worrying over him, all because he was drowning and wanted to cling to her like a life preserver.
“Knock, Knock,” Tony whispered as he motioned to Steve, who nodded and tapped to get the guard’s attention. When the door opened, Steve quickly knocked the man unconscious.
Tony had decided to buy Bucky a stationary set with a quality pen engraved with his initials so that he would be able to write to them when he went to boot camp. Bucky had promised to write as much as he could before he kissed Tony in thanks. He had gotten Steve a similar set so he and Tony could write back to their love and remind him that he was missed.
Tony should know. He’d made their cover several times and redefined the word handsome while doing it.
“What security?” Bucky finally asked. He’d tried to stay quiet and let Steve handle this, but Tony guessed that he’d reached his limit. “What does changing your name have to do with security?”
“Tony,” He began, trying to say what he was feeling without putting his foot in his mouth and ruining it. “About last night, I…”
“I wish you could see how you look, Buck. Your lips around my dick, taking it all down your throat. So good.” Steve grunted “ Take it all. That girl had your dick in her, and you’re gonna show me how much more you’d rather have mine in you.”
Tony hadn’t known how he should feel at being dismissed, but he hadn’t really had any choice but to go. This was Howard’s lab, and he’d told Tony that he wasn’t needed at the moment. According to their new truce, he had to respect that. “Alright then, see you in couple days.”
. This was it, Tony thought. Christmas. He’d gotten the tree and the presents, and it had been fun watching them open their gifts, but this, this was Christmas. He was going eat this wonderful meal with the two most important people in his life. They would talk and make jokes and laugh and forget that yeah, life was hard. Steve would probably get sick again soon. Bucky was still looking for a job. Tony was still stranded out of his time. And every day news about the war in Europe grew worse, setting Tony on edge because he knew what would happen and what it would mean for the young men sitting across from him.
What Steve had said about wanting the pain to stop had also hit a little too close to what he’d been feeling, ever since the voice in his head had started shouting all of those hurtful things at him. Like when it told him to…
“I know you’re upset, Tony,” Steve said quietly, “But you didn’t have to yell at the man. He’s entitled to his opinion.” Tony huffed as he resumed rubbing his hand and tapping his foot. “You could try to relax. This isn’t going to be like the last time you were in this situation. I won’t let that happen.”
A shot rang out, and the man flinched as his shoulder was struck by a bullet from Tony’s gun. Steve knew if Tony hadn’t been struggling to support Bucky, the bullet would have made a more fatal wound. He had been surprised how well Tony used a gun, though he supposed that he probably shouldn’t have been.
“I cannot say for certain.” He slowly began. “If my mother were still alive, I would go and seek her counsel for she was very wise in these matters. Even Loki, despite his faults, knew the lore of ancient magics far better than I ever learned. I do, however, remember some of her lessons.”
It does not attempt to take the technological asset. It has no side objectives. Current Mission: Become Bucky
There, that wasn’t too bad. It just sounded like a temporary setback. Tony would bounce back from this. But reality started pushing down when Tony remembered that his sob story wasn’t true, and he was in way worse trouble than what he’d said. Technically, he was a nonperson. He had no valid I.D., no social security, no birth certificate. What was he going to do?
Steve’s face softened but his eyes looked sad. “Please don’t pretend that you aren’t suffering and think we won’t notice. We know you too well for that to work. Seeing you that upset the other day was very hard for us. We love you, Tony. If you’re still upset, then let us help in whatever way we can.”
“What do ya think you’re doing?” The man all but yelled. “Get the hell out of my apartment, or I’ll call for the police!”
She smiled softly. “I’ve known about those sweet young boys for years now. When you moved in I wondered, but…It isn’t my place to say anything one way or the other.”
Bucky trembled slightly, as if trying to suppress whatever he was feeling. “I…” he began then choked on a breath and broke down, Steve wrapped his arms around him from behind trying to comfort his friend. “I’m sorry, Tony! I’m so sorry! I can’t believe I did that, I can’t…” he choked again, looking like he was fighting back tears.
“I’m scared, Buck.” Steve admitted. “Things are getting bad in the new memories. You leaving, the war…it scares the hell out of me, and I just want him home.”
“I meant every word.” Tony assured him softly. “Honestly, I wish I was wrong. I wish Bucky was still here. I wish this fucking war didn’t exist because I know you will succeed. Sooner or later you’ll get that chance to prove yourself, prove everyone wrong, and I’m going to have to follow you to help watch over your crazy ass. I’m too old for that shit.”
Tony was one hundred percent sure that Gianetta knew about them. He still flirted shamelessly with her. Sometimes Bucky would too. She was very pretty and just as kind. All three of them adored her.
Tony shrugged. “Clothes don’t make the man, and I’ve been through enough to know how to defend myself.”
Steve added, “He’s just the same in my memories. Ever since we met him that first day, Tony did everything he could to make our lives better, a little easier. It wasn’t just with his money or the things he’d fix around the apartment. He was so kind and patient and supportive. It wasn’t possible to not…”
Steve felt a surge of sympathy for his friend. People called Steve a man out of time, and he was, but at least everyone
They stuck to the shadows along the wall until they came to a ladder. Steve went up first with Tony behind him. Tony could see hundreds of men in the cages below them. They were all separated into groups of five to eight. They looked tired and dirty.
Steve exhaled and shook his head. “It’s alright, Thor. None of us have much to go on, but based on what you said, you’ve probably been the most helpful.” He nodded to the hole in the ceiling. “If Tony had to use his gauntlet, it was probably in defense of whoever cast the spell.”
Bucky looked into his eyes. “Usually I’m the one with the problems talkin’ about this stuff. He didn’t hurt me if that’s what you’re wondering.”
He moved back and spread Bucky as wide as he could to watch his partially loosened hole open for him. “You’re so fucking gorgeous, honey. It’s driving me crazy, all the sweet sounds you’re making.”
The rest of the drive was filled with a much more pleasant discussion of Tesla’s early work and how the man had been and would continue to be screwed over by the history books for decades to come. Erskine dropped Tony off in front of his building, and both men bid each other good evening.
Tony motioned to the chilled water on their table. “We’re fine with this for now, but could you bring a bottle of your house red so it can breathe before the food arrives?”
Secondly, I had always debated on flashing back to the present with the team after Tony disappeared. I had always planned on it being a surprise for both the readers and Tony, then I received a comment asking about it. I told them the same thing I just said. After I finished with my replies, I thought about it, and this scene sprang to life. I had to write it down because it practically wrote itself. When I was finished, I was so glad I did because I loved the contrast of Steve and Bucky to what we'd gotten used to. So thank you Zola! You awakened my muse!
. He remembered running home that day and telling his mother that he had a new name, a better name that his new friend had given him. She had smiled and laughed. She’d been wearing a flowered dress. He remembered his mother. He remembered her laugh.
It hurt Steve at how uncertain Bucky sounded of his new memories. “You’re right, Buck. I used to cook all the time.”
“I can’t save you, Bucky,” Steve finished, “not by myself. You have to help me. I’ll be there every step of the way, but you have to want to get there. Not just for me or Tony or the others, but you need to want it for yourself. You were right when you told me to give myself a break, that I was putting too much on myself that was out of my control. Now I’m begging you to consider if you can do that for yourself.
“Did you feel powerful not three weeks after I met Steve and you assaulted him on his way home from church? ANSWER ME!” He snarled.
They were all in Bruce’s lab, but Bucky didn’t want to be here anymore. He’d done what he’d set out to do. He’d told Bruce and the others everything he could now remember about Tony’s healing and unchanging body. Steve had helped with some of the details, and they’d also shared all of the events they’d remembered to that point, the things they knew or guessed that Tony had changed in some way, including Bucky’s rescue from that HYDRA prison.
Traffic was, as Jarvis had said, pretty damn slow. Tony checked his watch as he sat behind the wheel of his newly acquired 1964 Pontiac GTO. He’d restored it himself and added a few upgrades under the hood. It was a beast. Though not Tony’s usual style, the black and chrome muscle car was something he’d always toyed with the idea of having.
Tony, who’d kept his composure remarkably well up until this point, decided he’d had enough. “You know what
continues to make strides as his company starts to restructure around not building weapons. The stocks drop and then they rise and he makes Pepper CEO. He gets a new assistant that is too good to be true but he’ll figure her out eventually. Iron Man hasn’t made an appearance since that night at Stark Industries and it’s not for lack of want but simply for lack of need. It’s starting to look like Tony really has privatized world peace.
Unexpectedly, Tony gave a loud bark of a laugh. “Well, you see, I’d suddenly found myself up pretty high and I just wasn’t entirely sure I’d be able to make it back down. And you’re the only person I know who can go from being perched in weird places to on the ground in minutes.”
Tony secluded himself in his workshop, focusing on SI projects and new equipment for the team. He needed to be distracted from the shitshow that was his life, and it was either his work or the liquor cabinet on the common floor. But not even Steve being a rightful ass was going to make him fall off the wagon.
After letting them bicker for a few minutes, Tony decided to end it. “Oh for fucks sake, we’ll go out. We haven’t gone out in a while, right? Right. We’re going out. I know somewhere where we can all get what we want.” He landed the quinjet a moment later. “Put on your civvies, kiddos. Meet in the garage in a half hour.”
He’s replacing palladium cores left and right, his blood toxicity rising with no signs of slowing down. He takes his first vacation in two years.
“Hush, I’m telling a story.” He swatted Clint away again. “So yeah they weren’t so happy about that. It was pretty easy taking out the two of ‘em, but I guess one got a little swipey swipe in with his switchblade. By the way, you might wanna tell Coulson to check the alley behind that hotel.”
But he’d let himself get so caught up in the negative things lately that he completely ignored all the wonderful things about the future.
Steve didn’t realize just how much he missed the way Tony’s beard scratched against his face, or the feel of his soft lips on his own, or the soft moan of pleasure he always let slip out.
.” He stood and brushed off his pants, “Well. I’ll be heading home now. Oh wait. Excuse me. I meant the
These comments weren’t terribly often, but after a while, they’d started to take their toll. Tony always put in extra effort when he noticed Steve start to get the far-away look in his eyes. He’d take Steve to his favorite restaurants and all the museums in New York and do silly touristy things. Anything to help him take the edge off.
“Don’t tell me what I mean!” Steve stabbed a finger vaguely in the direction of the tower. “That tower is
Tony thought. He should’ve expected Rhodey wouldn’t buy that. He tried to play it off casually, throwing in a laugh for good measure. “You caught me. It was a bar fight. You think this is bad, you should see the other guy!” That was a bold-faced lie and they both knew it, but Tony figured he could just keep redirecting until Rhodey gave up. “While I have you, you need to stop by soon so I can upgrade your thermal sensors. I’d do it remotely, but where’s the fun in that?”
Tony crossed his arms over his chest and let out a long breath through his nose. He gave Steve a very pointed look, the disappointment clear in his eyes.
He was able to try foods he could have never imagined existing. He’d eaten curry, sushi, pad thai, and every single type of pizza you could get in New York. He visited fantastic places he’d only read about in books when he was a boy. He’d seen the Eiffel Tower, visited Japan, taken a trip to Rome, and had many more trips planned for the future. Anything he could ever want was right at his fingertips.
He swallowed thickly, casting a sideways glance at Rhodey who only a moment before had very firmly told him to stick to the cards. He fidgeted with his cufflink as he directed his gaze back towards his notes. All he needed to do now was read the words carefully typed out for him and move on. But… something deep inside him, something instinctive gave him pause.
She was assigned to be the distraction, along with Steve. They were supposed to be on a see-saw, luring the haunted house visitors to look at them. Then, Clint would start laughing and that was Tony’s cue to pop out of his box.
Steve laughed, as they began walking down the stairs from the auditorium building. “I feel bad that you had to be in that box for so long, but I really think you did a great job scaring the students.”
Tony bit into his sandwich and looked expectantly up at Steve, chewing quickly. “Well, I guess what I asked you in the elevator? Thanos? Bucky?”
Tony barked out a laugh, feeling oh so great because yeah, that was probably Steve’s one and only memory of him: causing the high school to evacuate. “Okay, that was
Steve nodded, silently noting that this Tony seemed to also know about Project Rebirth and what it entailed for him.
“Honestly, go crazy. I don’t care what you do so long as I look scary as fuck,” Tony grinned at her.
Tony simply laughed at him, turning to the other two Avengers in the room. “So, Steve and I are gonna go work on making him a Captain America suit. Brucie-bear, if you wanna make some of that good curry of yours for dinner, I would love you forever.”
Tony grinned, putting his gauntlet, rope and handcuffs on the bed next to them. “Funny story, actually,” Tony rubbed his hands together, “I was in my workshop working on some updates to the Iron Man suit when a very loud ringing sound began. I thought aliens were attacking or some crazy thing, so I was starting to put on the Iron Man suit when you suddenly materialized in front of me. I was about to blast you with my repulsors, but you actually fell on me. I didn’t realize you were unconscious, so I freaked out, thinking you were attacking me. Took a while to figure it out, but I may have accidentally punched you a few times, sorry.”
Steve currently stood in front of his bed, staring at the Captain America suit laid out before him. The suit was remarkably similar to the one he had worn when they fought Ultron, and when Tony had presented it to him, Steve had fought off the urge to cry, opting instead to embrace the man in a hearty thank-you-hug.
“It has to do with what’s in the box, doesn’t it?” Bucky narrowed his eyes at Steve, who gave a jerky nod. “Well then, what are you waiting for? If that’s what you want, you know I support you. With you ‘till the end of the line, don’t you forget that” Bucky wrapped Steve in a tight embrace. “Take care, and go get him.” Bucky whispered in Steve’s ear before turning around and walking back to the group he had been speaking with.
Clint screamed, and Tony obediently leaped out of the box screeching at probably the 230th group of the night. After the group moved on to the next room, Tony didn’t even bother complaining to his coworkers. After all, they’d just tell him to suck it up.
“Okay, good, because seriously I wasn’t gonna change it if you didn’t like it,” Darcy sarcastically replied. “I’m super glad I practiced last night though because I haven’t done clown faces in a while.”
Steve looked down at the man in his arms. The man who he never told how he felt. The man who would never smile at him again, would never look at him again, would never fight alongside again. His friend was gone, and with him, the chance to tell him how much Steve loved him.
“N-no!” Steve tried to pull away, but this Tony was too strong, and Steve was no match in his weakened state. No, Tony would never seek such vengeance against Steve.
“And Pepper,” Pepper cut in. “But, Tony, you really scared us! That was one very unique scream.” Pepper giggled, her smile just barely visible in the darkness of the room.
The rest of the week passed by with the fluster that Steve expected. Fury had exploded with anger at not being told immediately that Steve was alive. The team had decided to stick with the truth—that Steve was from a different dimension. This piece of news had not gone down well with Fury at all.
“Yeah, neither do I. The sexual tension in here is more intense than between Jack and Rose.” Clint joined Natasha in the elevator. “And that’s saying something.”
“Is it okay if I just grab you from under your arms?” Steve asked, kindly looking at Tony, no judgment in his eyes (as far as Tony could tell with this damn poor lighting).
“Shut up, punk, and show him the goods.” James hadn’t taken his eyes off his needlework, but his smirk was positively indecent.
Phillips huffed. “You said that about Rogers, too, and I…should have listened,” he sighed leaning back. “Erskine said it, too. He said what Rogers could become, but I didn’t believe it.” Phillips met Tony’s eyes. “He said it about you, too.”
He sighed as he squeezed Steve’s hip with his remaining hand. “I really would, beautiful, but I’ve got a dozen things to take care of today.” He said remembering his full work schedule.
2.)Using a straw broom to sweep the floor sucked too. The dirt and dust just slipped through the bristles. How was this even a thing?
Steve walked backwards to the bed so he could watch Tony get naked. He was so relieved that it didn’t matter to Tony what he looked like. Tony didn’t look at him any differently. He didn’t make a big deal out of Steve’s muscles or height. Tony loved him the same. He’d found both versions of Steve equally attractive. Emotions welled up inside him because it had been there in his mind. Would Tony be happier with this new body?
“Tie the rope tight!” Tony called again as he grabbed Bucky’s arm with the hand that wasn’t holding the rope and began pulling him back towards a set of stairs that would lead them toward the ceiling. They began to climb.
Tony just chuckled as he picked up his fork. “Well, let’s get to eating it now, I have to leave soon.”
There was a knock on his hotel room door, and since Steve was the only one who would visit him, Tony just called out, “Come in!”
you’re hurting. I can tell, and I’m not better, but I’m better enough to know to ask you what’s wrong instead of staying quiet about it.”
Bucky shoved his next bite in his mouth as he finished and looked up. Around the table the team was smiling at him as their forks and knives hovered over their plates. Bucky blushed and looked down to finish chewing his food.
I do not believe in kink shaming. I believe in healthy communication between partners, unfortunately Bucky kink shames himself. I'm willing to bet Tony can make that better.
“Love you, Buck. So much. Missed this.” Steve groaned. “Keep touchin’ me. Faster.” Bucky must have done as he’d asked because Steve groaned even louder.
“Yeah, lots of good food and talking. Speaking of,” Clint said looking at Steve. “Cap, why didn’t you talk about all of the Commandos this morning? You never even mentioned Sutton. I know he’s not the most popular Commando, but still, did you not like him or something?”
Steve rubbed his hands over his face. He was tired. It was the kind of weariness the serum couldn’t combat because it had nothing to do with his body. He turned to look at his oldest friend. It still hurt sometimes to see the change in the man. Gone were the jokes and the smiles, the teasing, the everything.
Steve made a choking noise to keep from crying out as he clenched around Tony. Tony grunted as he pulled back then slammed back in again. His hands tightened on Steve’s upper arms as he began to set a pace. He kept his movements steady, enjoying the feel of Steve squirming under him as he was pulled back onto Tony.
Bucky closed his eyes, and the look of shame on his face broke Tony’s heart. “I’m so sorry.” He whispered brokenly in Tony’s hands. “I can’t believe I said that. What’s wrong with me? How could I like something like, something like
“Did you want to die, Steve?” Bucky asked in a whisper. Steve wondered what his face looked like but couldn’t bring himself to check for fear of what he’d see. “Were you trying to kill yourself?”
Once Tony reached them, he lowered himself to the ground and pulled out a small metal tin from his pack.
“So perfect in my hand, doll. So hard for me. I love that you want me this much. Did that girl try to touch you last night, like I’m touchin’ you?”
is on me. We don’t even know where in our past Tony is right now, but we know where we’ll be soon enough. I’ll be fighting to save the world against Hydra, but I won’t even realize that the man I love needs my help too. And I’ll fail him. First, I’ll fail you on that train, then I’ll fail him when I crash that plane into the arctic.”
Steve entered the room, and the change in him over the last few months still made Tony want to smile. He was no longer cautious or worried about the damage his body could do. Steve had learned the finesse required when dealing with everyday activities, and it had only taken him a little over two weeks before the accidents stopped occurring altogether. He’d finally been able to take up his art again, and it had been gratifying to witness all of his progress.
As Tony inched his way toward Greenwich Village to visit Strange, the sudden blasting of Crazy Train from Tony’s phone let him know Pepper was calling. She had not been amused by her personalized ringtone, but he refused to change it.
With that, Tony put his empty bottle down on the work table and turned to leave. As he reached the door, he looked back to see Howard watching him. “Thanks for the drink, Howard, and the talk. It’s given me a lot to think about.”
The sorcerers had been at a loss when he’d shown up at the Sanctum. After hearing his admittedly crazy story, they grudgingly agreed to test its authenticity. And yes, Tony had been telling the truth. And no, they could not help him.
“You’re,” Steve began, voice a little muffled, “you’re amazing, Tony.” He felt Bucky nod silently against him. “Even without everything else, I can’t believe you built something like that out of scraps.”
Things had been moving along with how busy Tony was lately. The truce between Howard and him had been going well enough. They still had their moments of tension over various differences of opinion, but they hadn’t devolved into shouting and cursing at each other since that memorable argument. They were getting a lot accomplished in the lab together, and sometimes Tony had to step back and wrap his head around the fact that he was collaborating with his father over a project.
As the doctor and his guards drew closer, Bucky felt his pulse quicken with every closing step. Finally, the little man stopped in front of their cell with his guards flanking him. His heart stuttered when the man’s hand rose and pointed to him.
This felt really good, and Bucky could feel something building behind every thought and movement of his hand. He felt his muscles tightening along with the need to speed up his movements. He was so close. He was…
He grabbed Tony’s shoulders and turned him so that his head was hanging off the edge of the mattress, but his hips still remained propped up on the pillow. “You’re going to take care of Bucky now. Open your mouth.”
“Anything.” Bucky continued as if he’d never spoken. “I’ve fought for him, gone hungry for him, hell I’ve stolen for him. I’d die for Steve if I had to.” He looked down and took a deep breath before returning his gaze. “If I’m strong enough to do that, then I should be brave enough for this.”
Erskine chuckled. “You are very clever, Tony, more than I would expect from a repairman from Brooklyn. I would wager there’s an interesting story behind how you came to be here. You said you were originally from California?”
Steve’s dick had jerked in Bucky’s mouth as he pictured it. Tony’s eyes wide and face flush like it had been the night they’d sat and listened to Bucky screw that girl. He came hard not long after that, talking filth to Bucky and thinking of Tony watching them.
“Done,” was all that Bucky said as he tucked the end of the linen into place. Tony just closed his eyes and sighed as he laid back down on his pillow.
Tony watched the other two as they ate their morning meal, reflecting on the stories they’d shared before bed. Their misadventures had had him laughing with disbelief, and their struggles had broken his heart. In his mind he called them boys, but they’d already had a hard life and were men in their own right.
It would still be better than being cold and hungry, the rational part of his mind supplied. Tony looked down and realized how incongruous it would appear that someone dressed like he was would even be in this situation. Yes, the style of his suit was wrong for the time period, but it was obvious that it was made of a very expensive material and had been tailored to his body.
As he pulled on a pair of sleep pants, he looked down at his bare torso. All of his old scars still stood out against his skin, though the worst of them from his surgery had finally dulled a bit in color. He looked at the space on his stomach where one was almost entirely gone. The very faintest trace of a white line could be seen from where Joe Collins knife had sliced him open. Then Tony looked at the inside of his left arm. A year ago he’d gotten a nasty burn from an overheated engine. He’d actually had to go to the hospital for that one; it had been too bad to even try to treat it himself. He looked at the almost invisible mark. The only proof that it ever happened.
Tony broke in, “I’m gonna stop you right there, James, because yes, I did. You took me into your home when you had no reason to. You fed me and made me feel welcome. I don’t need that suit. I don’t have a job anymore, and who knows how long it will take to find one. I’m a grown man and am not going to bum on your couch and eat your food, especially when Steve wouldn’t even let me do the dishes.”
He knew they were curious. He’d catch one of them looking at him, or they would appear to be having one of their silent conversations; however they didn’t press him for more. Which was good because he didn’t think he could talk about it yet. Or ever. He’d already shared too much.
Steve looked at the map a few feet away as he swiftly memorized the markers and landscapes. It was one of the benefits he’d gotten from the serum, near perfect recall. “Yes, sir, I do.” Steve said as he turned to walk past Agent Carter.
Francesco nodded as they entered the room. “He may have found the means to leave soon with his family. I told him if he escaped to find the first free port and sail to me in America. I will find a place for them.”
Steve smiled. “Good morning,” he said as he went to kiss each of their cheeks, thrilling at the knowledge that he could now do this with both of them, before taking his seat. “This looks good.”
“I tried talking to a colored girl once when I was a teen,” Dum admitted, and Bucky suspected that Jones shared his surprise at that confession. That was not a widely approved of notion and was illegal in most of the country. New York was one of a handful of states where mixed race couples could marry, but it was still looked down on by almost everyone. “My old man just about tore my hide raw when found out.”
Steve ignored him. No matter what was happening right now, or where he would be going next, Steve would not miss the jerk. If Steve was being kicked out, he only hoped they would choose any of the other guys but that prick. He finished his task and struggled to sling his duffle over his shoulder, causing a few chuckles from around the room.
Tony looked at him, leaning in. “A person decides what they are and what they want. Sometimes a person isn’t strictly a dominant and leans toward switching like you mentioned last night. You said you liked both, not that you’d done both, but you
“It is no more than the sting of an insect,” he said across the way, but Steve could see the anger in his eyes as he looked at Tony. This must be Johann Schmidt. The man looked at Steve. “Why do you cling to these pathetic creatures, Captain? Don’t you realize we are Gods above them and have left humanity behind?”
Tony nodded slowly. “Yeah, fair point, I guess. But wait, you two are OK with the three girls shacking up and all that?”
“Fuck, your skin is so hot now, Steve,” Tony groaned as he finally came to rest against him. “I’m so, so full.”
Bucky moaned louder as his hands gripped the sheets beneath him. Yes, he could feel them. Their combined weighted thrusts sent bursts of pleasure throughout his body. He could feel both their hands on him, moving across his sides and thighs. He could see both of their faces filled with love as they looked down at him, brown and blue eyes full of affection. The sweat and slide of skin only amplified what he was feeling, but he had no words for it.
“Good boy,” Tony said as he lifted Bucky’s legs and put them over his shoulders, resting Bucky’s ass on his thighs, going even deeper and changing the angle for all of them. Tony grunted as Bucky clenched around him, the brunet’s moan almost matching Steve’s as his prostate was hit.
When he finally stepped out and approached the glass wall that ran the length of the workshop, he could see Bucky standing in the middle of the room with his eyes closed, crying. His hand was clutching the table so tightly that the metal had buckled under his strength. Worry flooded Steve at whatever was causing Bucky’s distress. Was it the pain in his head? Was it the association he made with it to that fucking chair that had taken everything from him?
When Steve finally removed his fingers, Bucky broke away begging. His voice broke as he whined, “Please, please fuck me. Hold me and fuck me, Daddy.”
Bucky could see Dum shrug his shoulders. “I was born with six toes on my left foot. It’s gone now, though. My ma tied a string around it until it fell off.”
Tony sighed. “No, not camping exactly, it was more an…imprisonment by enemies kinda thing.” Both their jaws dropped. “But it was years ago, I’m fine now. Well, except for being completely screwed over and stranded here with no way to get home.” Tony cleared his throat. “I’m gonna fix that though. It’s what I do. Trust me, I’ve been up against worse odds and come out of it much better off than I was going in.”
Steve chest loosened at the sincerity in that answer, and the fact that Tony was now meeting his eyes. “Then trust us to handle this. It’s only for a few days and…”
Sam came up from behind them holding a stack of plates and syrup before he placed them on the table. “Not much is known about the Commandos from before the war. Most people focus on their careers after they met Cap. It’s a shame because those stories are some of the interesting parts.”
He’d also recreated their Christmas dinner, complete with eggnog, and gotten them presents. With Bucky working again and Steve not having to spend so much of his money on medicine and doctors thanks to Tony’s arrangement with the hospital, they were able to get Tony something, too.
Sam nodded. “We got this, Steve. You and Barnes just concentrate on the new memories. Who knows? You could remember something useful.”
The strange voices were lying. There was no safe, not here where it was always cold, and they were always watching, ready to hurt him again and again until he broke. Tony didn't want to hurt anymore. He couldn't survive the water again. He thrashed harder.
“I’m the leader, Bucky.” Steve corrected as his eyes watered under the weight of everything he’d held back. “
Tony watched as Steve’s ass was pushed back and swallowed the head of his cock. They both groaned at the new slower pace of Steve fucking himself on Tony. The long drag was so fucking good even as Tony fought to keep still and make Steve to do the work.  It was worth it to listen to blonde moan as he grew more desperate.
“I believe it is the least we can do,” Monty told him. “Every man here owes you their life, Captain.”
When the man stood before him, Steve felt his back straighten as he prepared to take responsibility for his actions. “Colonel Phillips, some of these men need medical attention," he took a breath, "and I’m ready to surrender myself for disciplinary action.”
“Good.” Steve released his hair and stepped back. Tony then realized that Bucky was now fully naked. He guessed that Steve had told him earlier how this was going to go. While they had planned this. All day.
“Thanks, JARVIS,” Bucky said with a small smile, looking touched at the A.I.’s words. “You’re the best.”
“Tony, please,” he politely corrected the man, “and you can ask me anything you like. I may decline on answering the question, but you can ask anything.”
Bucky stopped on the next step, shock running through him. How? How was he remembering this? It wasn’t related to Stark being in his past. Maybe the memory of Stark asking about his name triggered the forgotten memory in his damaged mind. He couldn’t know for sure, and figured the reason behind it wasn’t important. He just thought back and pictured his mother’s face again.
As Steve and Tony went to leave them and continue their search, Gabe asked if Steve knew what he was doing.
“Why so glum, Barnes?” Dugan’s voice rang out from the bunk across from his. “One of your sweethearts find some sense and get another fella to keep them company?”
Tony stepped up into the man’s space. His voice was a cold threat. “So you see? Even with our different points of view, I think you can agree that you may have
Bucky wanted to roll his eyes because he wasn’t some broken thing, but…it actually made him more comfortable that they’d thought of it. Steve was giving them space while Tony asked, and he realized how much it meant to him that they were making sure. Bucky didn’t like to think about what he’d gone through, but when he did, he felt violated. He remembered the rough hands on him as they’d strapped him to the table, the harsh pulling of his sleeves and collar before they pushed in the syringe when he’d been helpless.
Bucky pulled away just enough to rest his forehead against Tony’s. His hand moved to hold the back of Tony’s neck as he panted short breaths against his lips. “You didn’t push me away.”
Steve answered by flicking dishwater at him. James, not ducking in time to avoid getting wet, responded by throwing a rag from the table at his face.
Steve stared at Bucky, foolishly hoping to see something different in his eyes, in the set of his mouth, anything. Bucky just returned his stare blankly.
Panting and sweaty Tony gently pulled out of Bucky who collapsed onto the mattress, satisfied and exhausted. He sat back and collected his breaths, waiting for his heart rate to slow and the fog to fully clear from his head. He looked down at the condom still wrapped on his dick, knowing he’d have to get up and dispose of it.
“They told me it would help with the war effort.” Steve answered uncertainly, and Tony really wanted to give him a hug.
that he was from the past. Tony would be forced to keep the truth of his identity a secret from everyone, or people would think him insane.
Steve seemed to be well known by the older people they passed, mostly, by what Tony gathered, to be women from church. He spoke to them respectfully, as they
The men, Steve wanted to think of them as new friends, all nodded and went to relay his orders. As Steve turned, he caught Bucky smiling thoughtfully.
“Oh, you know, the small fact that I’m probably twice her age. Part of me wonders if this isn’t some kind of joke. Like I’m going to show up at her door, and a group of her friends will be there waiting to laugh at me.”
Second, I know not a lot happened in this chapter and it may seem filler-y, but pieces of it will come into play in later on.
“The master suite is the door to the left,” Tony told him as he grabbed Bucky’s hand. “Do either of you know the best thing about a master suite?”
Bucky began rocking his hips against Tony’s hand, panting and gasping as Tony started to move a little faster. Tony could tell he was ready for another one so he steadied a hand against Bucky’s hip to slow his movements and added a second finger.
“I…I know,” Steve gasped. “I don’t wanna lose him, he’s a good friend, but shit! I miss your mouth.”
“Aaahhh,” he groaned as a fresh wave of visions flooded his mind. Tony was wearing the same suit from this morning and was twisting Joe Collins arm behind his back. Tony holding out a hand and introducing himself like a stranger would. Tony walking beside him down the street to his apartment. “Tony…” He gasped.
“Mr. Stark!” A loud and heavily accented voice greeted enthusiastically. “You are right on time, mio amico.”
Bucky closed his eyes and concentrated on every memory he had of Tony telling him he loved him, calling him sweetheart, kissing him softly like Bucky was something he treasured. “I miss him,” he admitted. “I miss him, and I’m so scared that even if we don’t lose him to this curse, I’ll lose him when he gets back.”
She blushed but looked delighted. “I’m sure your day would have been just as nice without it.” She really had a sweet way about her.
