“I’m glad you’re still alive, Rumiko,” Tony finally broke the silence. “Though, I won’t lie and say I hope we meet again.”
Tony blinked, relaxing slightly.
He smiled sheepishly, knowing that things had been up in the air with the whole Iron Man and Stane thing when Doctor Banner had decided to return to Culver University. If Darcy had still been at uni, not taking time off because he was kidnapped in Afghanistan and then creating Mark I Iron Man, she probably would have seen the green giant herself.
“Clearly, neither have you.” Tony answered.
Looking over to the entrance of his workshop in surprise, Tony blinked. It had been over a month now, and no one had made any attempts to enter his workshop, apart from Bruce (who was a given) and Darcy (who wouldn’t stay out no matter how many times he tried to fix his security in such a way that it would restrict her access).
“Sir, I do not believe that Captain America will appreciate your artistic tastes, in this regard,” Jarvis said dryly, voice lower than usual in respect to the sleeping Darcy on the workshop couch.
Clint and Thor walked past his chair, the two continuing their conversation about some kind of Core planet delicacy that Steve had no interest in ever seeing, let alone putting in his mouth.
When she failed to say anything more, merely peered down at the cargo floor of the ship where Steve had been gazing absentmindedly before, he felt the hairs on the back of his neck stand on end.
“Who invite you? Eh? Mind your own business,” the seller snapped, shoulders hunching up defensively.
“Yeah, that, um,” he suddenly laughed, sounding embarrassed. Tony reached a hand up and ran it through his hair, the lighting in the corridor enough for Steve to see the blush darkening his cheeks.
“No, I mean, I can help you get away,” Tony rushed to say, causing Steve to pause in the three steps he’d taken out of the room.
“We need to get away, now,” Steve ran a hand through his hair in frustration.
“Please. Don’t send her away. She needs me.”
The skin to the right of his thumb nail was pink and radiating heat.
Stepping into the room slowly, Steve realised that they had come across the bridge, the control panel for the ship laid out before them with only a few lights glowing, most of the screens showing a static grey fuzz. The glass separating them from the vacuum of space showing only the emptiness of the stars. Steve felt a moment of gratitude to Clint, the pilot having used The Avenger to stabilise the Scow ship so that it had ceased its spinning.
“Must you call me that, Tony?” Rhodey asked, exasperated.
Steve gritted his teeth as one of the laser shots passed by close enough to his arm for him to feel the stinging warmth of it. Glancing where they were headed for a split moment, he was relieved to see that they were fast approaching The Avenger.
“I wouldn’t have been able to adapt to the world I found myself in so well,” Steve said, honestly ringing in his voice.
“Yeah, I’m staying.” Steve chuckled quietly, charmed by the other mans behaviour.
“Just remember to smile for the camera,” Tony shot the others a grin over his shoulder, the public plastic one that he always wore before the cameras – the one that left his cheeks aching afterwards and felt unnatural on his face.
Tony, despite everything that he’d told them about himself so far, was still largely an enigma to Steve. It was frustrating that as soon as he thought he’d started to understand the man, Tony seemed to have yet more secrets tucked away, waiting for inopportune moments to reveal them.
Steve had been doing the odd job for Nick for a few years now, and the two shared something of a grudging respect. Steve provided a way around the law for Nick to achieve his goals, and in return Nick paid Steve for his services and looked the other way instead of arresting him and his crew.
“We need you to look over this as soon as possible,” Phil held out a large electronic folder.
“I worry that you’re mostly concerned about your music playlist rather than the danger you were in.”
Their mechanic was hiding more than just a troubled past.
Jarvis crouched down so that they were eye to eye.
Natasha’s not so subtle suggestion that Steve share some of his history – no matter how painful it still was to think about – might be just the thing to open Tony up to him.
“Just get us out of here, Clint,” Steve shook his own head at the man and left the bridge, not interested in listening to his pilot’s antics. Making his way back to the catwalk, he leaned against the railing and watched quietly as Thor secured their limited cargo, while Bruce, the doctor who was with them almost as much as he wasn’t, carried a large red bag full of supplies into the infirmary located just off the cargo hold.
Hoping the way his heart was lodged firmly in his throat wasn’t showing on his face, he peered over the railing into the cargo hold below.
“Only you,” Tony sighed loudly, feeling a little hopelessly fond. “Only you could go to a tiny town in the middle of nowhere and end up encountering an alien.”
“I’m sure that it’s nothing to you, but for that very same reason I want to pay. Please, let me. Call it old fashion charm or something if it makes you feel better,” Steve smiled boyishly, and Tony was pretty sure the man was beginning to figure out that Tony’s brain basically turned to mush every time he saw that smile, and he would happily let Steve do whatever he wanted. No one could ever call Steve Rogers slow on the uptake.
Unable to find the words to say what he was feeling, Tony nodded one sharp, hard bop of his head. As if someone had suddenly released the valve on the pressure in the room, everyone relaxed.
The bastard was responsible for selling his weapons under the counter to America’s enemies. He was the sonofabitch who’d ordered the hit on him in Afghanistan. He was the immoral bag of dicks who hadn’t cared how many people, how many
“You just want to go to the Smithsonian and perv on the Captain America memorabilia,” Tony said knowingly.
Giving himself a mental shake, Steve spared a glance at the duo still in quiet conversation, before turning and leaving them.
“You sure seem to know your way around hagglin’,” Steve said, mind turning over the questions he really wanted to ask.
When they arrived at the Ravecroft Asylum, it was clear from the open iron gates that Doctor Traveller had already arrived. The sound of screaming and shouting coming from the large rectangular asylum assaulted their ears as they approached the oak front doors that looked like they’d been blasted open, the wood scorched around the handles. A series of gunshots sounded from within the building and Tony looked over to Steve for his direction.
“Sure thing, Cap,” he said.
“Yes, you said that, but what kind of cake is it?” Clint asked as Natasha began cutting up the vanilla sponge and Steve held out plates for her to put the precisely portioned pieces on.
He was home.
Stark men had an image they must adhere to, after all.
Smiling and waving casually, Tony made his way up to the front table where the six microphones had been set up on a long table, and six chairs stood waiting for their occupants. Choosing a seat in the middle, the easiest position to draw everyone’s attention if need be, Tony immediately reached out for the microphone and drew it closer, a familiar action that he did every time he was forced to speak into one of them. Waiting only until the rest of his team members had seated themselves, Thor and Bruce to his left and Steve, Natasha and Clint to his right, Tony offered the vultures his best show smile and began speaking.
“I think I lost a few years,” Clint tried to joke, but it fell flat with his tense posture and nervously tapping fingers.
There was no coffee left in his workshop.
Tony wouldn’t have it any other way.
If Steve ever bumped into the people who had hired them for this job again, he was going to give them a reminder to tell their clients all the details involved in a job. A reminder that would come from flesh and serve as a message to anyone in the future who might try and trick him and his crew into taking such a stupid, risky job.
“Tony!”
“You know Tony?” Clint asked, looking at Pepper with renewed interest.
“He has the ability to tap into someone’s mind and extract their greatest fear, then he uses some sort of hallucinogenic to make the fear appear real to the victim. When he encounters criminals, he seems to be enhancing their intelligence, though when he loses interest in them, he effectively fries their brains, leaving them in a vegetable state.”
“Now, let me tell you all about Captain America. He’s the absolute coolest ever. I wanna be just like him when I grow up.”
“Of course, Sir. I await your dictation.”
The thing about space that always amazed Steve the most, was the silence. Space was, as far as anyone would tell, still limitless in that no one had reached whatever the end of it was. Millions and millions of light years, and not one morsel of sound to be heard in the Dark that wasn’t manmade.
Tony immediately knew that, no matter what the surprise was, he was going to like it. If only because she hoped he would.
The sight of blood smeared Captain America trading cards would forever be engraved in Tony’s mind.
The pleased smile Jarvis gave him, however, made his own lips turn up in response.
With so many curious people under one roof, Tony wasn’t sure how long his secret about Maria Stark would stay hidden.
“We suspect that he’s planning to facilitate a mass breakout,” Fury said, confirming Tony’s fear.
“Are you guys going to the kitchen?” he asked as the doors closed, his voice sounding slightly strained.
“I’ll fix you right up, just hold on,” Tony continues, finally taking the compression core he had been holding and fixing it into place within the engine, hands familiar and nimble as they connected wires and slid bits and pieces around.
“Do I
“Oh wow,” she moved quickly over to him, grabbing his hand when he wasn’t quick enough to offer it, and shaking it enthusiastically with both of her own. “You’re Doctor Bruce Banner, I’m such a huge fan of yours. You are, like, the coolest science dude to have ever lived. I cannot believe I’m meeting you – this is so awesome! I have the most intense need to ask if I can take a Selfie with you, I hope you don’t mind,” she gushed, babbling away happily in a way reminiscent of Tony when he was excited.
!” Clint said through clenched teeth.
“Let me see?” Steve reached for his hand, pulling it close so that he could see it in the flickering light.
The sudden bang of the bathroom door opening caused Tony to quickly stand up, slipping his toxicity device into his pocket and straightening his suit as he eyed his reflection. Pasting on his public smile, he stepped back outside and immersed himself in the social scene of the Expo.
There was no other option than to survive.
“But Darc, it’s not-” Tony began, stuck on the ridiculousness of it all.
He pulled her into his arms and squeezed her tight, causing her to erupt into giggles and thus breaking the heavy atmosphere that had been weighing down the room.
“Well,
didn’t name him. He was listening to me talking to Darcy and he latched onto the word,” Tony shrugged innocently. It wasn’t his fault that the bot had picked that word to respond to.
“Busy,” he shrugged, a small smirk on his lips.
*edited 2019*
“What’s up, Cap?”
“We’ve got an empty ship comin’ up ahead. Let’s have everyone in the cargo hold so we can do a salvage.”
Natasha finally released his arm before tapping him gently on the shoulder.
Steve shifted his weight to one arm, pulling back so he could see Tony’s face as he traced a finger across the open seam of Tony’s lips before pushing it into the warm cavern, bitting his own lip at the feeling of the skilful tongue sliding over his finger.
All errors are my own.
The sudden sharp intake of air to his right distracted Steve for a moment, and he glanced in surprise to see Tony’s attention was completely taken with the newcomer. The woman, Steve noted, paused for a moment upon setting her dark eyes on Tony. It was such a brief pause, that if Steve hadn’t been looking for it, he wasn’t sure he’d have even noticed.
“Have you made some nice friends?” Pepper broke up what could easily delve into an immature argument and one-upmanship between the siblings.
It was late at night on The Avenger as it drifted slowly through the Dark. The lights had been dimmed, with the rest of the crew tucked away in their bunks. Steve sat in silent visage over their injured crew member, his mind keeping him just as awake as anything else.
“Tony, you need to show them something,” she argued, a StarkPad beta test model held before her as she attempted, with repeated failure, to get him to understand and concede to her point.
If Steve kissed his cheek and quietly said in his ear: “I had a really great time, let’s do this again soon, yeah?” just before they got off of the elevator.
“This is pathetic, Anthony. What am I paying for your education for if you insist on wasting time on ridiculous and frivolous activities; especially when they are so poorly executed!”
Steve had to bite his tongue to stop himself from asking if there wasn’t something else Tony wanted to tell him. The way he handled the weapons… it felt like there was more than just a passing knowledge of the mechanics at play here.
Tony shot him a playfull look as he took the cider and brought it to his mouth.
“-s’ok, Tony. You’re alright.” Steve cupped his cheek in reassurance and Tony couldn’t even find it in him to flinch as Steve’s thumb drew across the cut there.
“Miss Mac said that father has the same name as us too, and that - that mama did too.”
What was he going to do?
“Can we please change the subject?” Steve asked, finishing up and brining over a plate stacked high with pancakes.
“Tony!” He could hear her calling his name before she’d even entered his room, her hands roughly shaking his shoulders pulled his further from blissful sleep.
Tony kept most of his attention on his coffee and ate less than usual, nerves making him lose his already precarious morning appetite.
Tony reached out as Bruce was about to put the cream on him and thunked his hand onto the doctor’s chest a few times.
“Excuse me!” Clint squawked, flailing slightly as he pushed himself upright and then to his feet. Stomping over to Tony, he turned and all but shoved his butt into Tony’s face.
Tony eyed him suspiciously, puzzle pieces he wasn’t even aware of were now beginning to click together in his mind.
“I will always be there for you, Darcy. Nothing will ever take me away from you; I’ll always come back. I promise,” he held out his hand, fist clenched save for his little finger which he extended in her direction.
He clearly needed to retreat in order to stop making a complete fool of himself.
Steve reached forward and placed his book down on the small coffee table before sitting back and pulling Tony with him, the other man willingly sliding up from the ground and sitting on his lap, one leg on either side of his hips and curious hands running up his chest.
“Stark,” Rogers’s voice was tight, his warning about not liking the situation still in the air between them all.
A grin spread over his face at the familiar sound of a British accented voice coming through the slightly tinny speakers.
“Sure, no problem,” he said, bemused.
“What the fuck!” He cried out, struggling in vain as he twisted his head as far as possible to try and see who was holding him with a superhuman strength.
He was pushed firmly, but gently, down onto the couch and then surrounded.
What would he do if she acted like this when Tony wasn’t there to protect her?
“He’s a cyborg,” Clint hissed, almost vibrating in his seat with amusement.
“O, goody,” he sighed, for once thankful for the distraction. If it meant getting out of Steve’s presence without having to be too obvious about it, he was all for it.
“Night, Steve,” he said, stepping into his room. "It's been real shiny." He finished with a cheeky grin, waiting only long enough for Steve to grin back at him, before he slid his door shut.
Steve was almost positive he could hear the offended squawk all the way from the passenger dorms.
Finally, thanks so much to everyone who expressed their thoughts about the translations. I've gone with the majority here and left them at the end of each chapter.
“I brought Bruce back the new Standard Companion Immunization Package, so he’s playing with it in the Infirmary,” she said, telling him more than she usually did about what she got up to when she was working. If she’d had an Immunization Package, she must have been seeing more than just clients, she had likely seen an official from the Companion Organisation.
He had known James Rhodes for a year now, and had picked up that talking about feelings or anything similar was not his forte. To know that Rhodey had taken it upon himself to come out to Manhattan, just to ask Tony a simple question that he could have asked over the phone.
“Now, Miss Potts,” Steve began pleasantly. “What is it that has you so interested in our mechanic?”
Steve felt an answering smile pulling up his own lips, and he headed towards the crowds without any further prompting, finding his attention entirely swallowed up by the man beside him rather than the loud sights and sounds.
– wait
“Yes.”
He hadn’t been allowed to go to the hospital, so Tony was at the mansion with Edwin Jarvis, the family butler, when the phone call came. Maria’s death was quickly linked to complications she’d suffered during labour. The fact that his mother had even been pregnant was something of an abstract concept for Tony. He’d been busy with school, and only Jarvis had thought to update him regularly on his mother’s progress over the nine months of her pregnancy.
It was as if he’d stepped into a completely different reality. It had to be the illusionary magic Fury had told them that Traveller wielded. If Tony reached out to where the hole had been in the wall, he would be able to put his hand through the seemingly solid structure – wouldn’t he?
“M’head hurts,” he said, the adrenalin already beginning to leave him as a sense of exhaustion settled into his bones.
“Yeah, maybe - and this is just a suggestion - we should focus on fixing the wiring here rather than what the paint colour should be when we fabricate it?” Tony suggested, pushing away Dummy’s claw that was clutching a collection of sample colours - and honestly, where had he even gotten them? Tony was willing to put money on Darcy being the culprit; she tended to be when it came to abnormal bot behaviour and random acquisitions of useless items. She was such a terrible influence.
“Hey, guys. I’ve found our target. Top floor,” Tony said into the comms before turning his focus completely onto the man who, frankly, looked like a wannabe wizard.
“You need to take better care of yourself as well as doing all this inventing,” she pulled back with a small smile, her hands moving to rest on his biceps.
“I’ll keep that in mind.”
century with what he assumed 1940s Steve Rogers would be more comfortable with in terms of fixtures and technology. In the end, much of the technology, though cutting edge, was hidden away, so Steve probably wouldn’t even realise half of it was there.
“Have you found a way to increase our speed?” Steve demanded, finger pressing down on the intercom again.
Tony opened and closed his mouth without a sound, before licking his lips as though parched.
Breathing in a deep breath, he moved in order to lever himself upright, but paused in surprise when he realised that a large, warm hand had been slowly rubbing up and down his back in a manner that was unbelievably soothing
“Since I know you really wanted a pet, but we can’t have one, I thought this might be the next best thing,” he bit his lip, nervous all of a sudden.
As seems to be my thing, sorry about the late update. If you’re interested in why then head over to my Tumblr (linked at the bottom of the post) where I explain a little bit.
“I want to sit on something nice and soft for a change,” Clint said, hand dramatically going to his heart and throwing back his head. “I’m getting old and need something soft to cushion my ass.”
“It’s been a long time, Rumiko,” Tony spoke softly, something more like a grimace than a smile on his face.
“Are you seriously holding hostage negotiations with me over my coffee cup?” he asked, some of the disbelief he was feeling clear in his voice.
“Yes, Captain Steve Rogers. That’s Clint Barton, my pilot, and Thor, he’s the insurance policy,” Steve smiled slightly as he gestured to each man respectively.
“Where are we headed now, Captain? Please, say it ain’t another water planet,” Clint said, bits of the tempura falling from his mouth onto the table.
Silence stretched for a long moment between them and Steve thought that maybe he’d misjudged the lingering looks Tony had sent him, the way Tony always seemed to be tuned into Steve’s presence on the ship, the moments they’d spent alone in the engine room together.
“Just don’t do anything reckless, okay, Tony? I just got my brother back, I’d hate to lose him again,” Darcy clutched at the drive tightly in her hand, face still troubled, before leaving the room with a crunch of glass under her shoes.
“What’s happening?” Steve asked, voice slipping into the slightly deeper tone he used when he was more Captain America the superhero than Steve Rogers the huge dork.
Clint landed the Quintjet minutes later and the Avengers, as one, attacked.
“Yeah, about that whole town thing…” she said slowly. “Apparently, there was a whole sibling fight for the throne - he was an alien prince, fyi – which resulted in his brother sending this giant medieval knight looking thing that shot out jets of fire and ended up levelling the town.”
The tightening in Steve’s gut increased and he looked away from the duo, something that resembled shame creeping up his throat.
“You’re sending the Avengers after a simple murderer?” Tony muttered in surprise; that was very out of character.
“Good choice, Tony,” Obie said with a squeeze of his shoulder before moving off to mingle with the people around them. Tony watched him go, mind wandering to how he could work on the tracking devices to find the Hulk while also beginning his new project of an AI for the mansion in Malibu.
“So,” Steve started slowly, eyeing the silenced man.
Tony felt ice slip down his spine.
Right now, though, he had some tough love for the self-hating doctor to dish out.
Releasing the button, he clapped Clint on the shoulder.
“Ain’t you scrub up well?” Tony’s voice teased from where he stood, posture relaxed as he lent against the air lock wall.
“I’m afraid my protocols are being overridden.”
“Shut up.”
It was a start.
Behind him, three men equally as ugly appeared from the dark depths of the bar, all looking ruby faced and ready to shed blood.
Steve held out a hand automatically, his eyes taking in the details of the red-haired woman he’d witnessed hugging Tony only a few hours ago. Like his brief observation from earlier, she was indeed beautiful, with a small smattering of freckles across her pale nose. Her lips were stained a pale red as they drew up into a smile and stormy blue eyes sparked with intelligence as they sized him up.
He wasn’t
“We rigged the whole thing to blow once we were a safe distance away. I never looked back, but the ships were connected via their operations systems, so when I rigged that to self-destruct, it blew everything to shit. As far as I know, Yinsen and I were the only survivors.”
Tony had argued until she’d agreed that he could bring his StarkPad.
“Tony is our mechanic,” she offered to Pepper’s curious expression.
“You’re Tony the mechanic on The Avenger, you’re funny and hardworking and the crew loves having you travel with us. You make this ship feel like a real home, no matter where we go. We know you’ve got out backs and we’ll be there to protect you as well.”
“What’s that?” she asked when she’d pulled back, eyes tracking the jacket wrapped object with excitement.
For a moment, Steve tensed as he watched her eyes land on their entwined arms, worried that they were about to have a problem. However, he relaxed slightly when her eyes stayed there no longer than anywhere else they landed. She seemed to be taking them in as a whole, rather that judging their actions.
“Thank you,” Tony whispered, before leaning forward and pressing his lips to Steve’s in a chaste kiss. Strong arms came around his waist and pulled him so that their bodies were pressed together.
“Okay, everyone, let’s get goin'.” Bruce, Clint and Natasha all nodded and, holding what they’d found, headed back without argument. Steve, too, began moving forward before glancing back at Tony, the unusual silence alerting him to a potential problem.
“I have a surprise for you,” she, thankfully, didn’t yell, but instead singsong-ed in his ear.
“She will still be here when you are done, I assure you,” he sounded amused.
Tony was so excited that he couldn’t stop his leg from bouncing as he sat in the back of one of this fathers’ chauffeured cars that had picked him up from the airport. He absently patted the robot next to him on the seat, his jacket covering it so that there was no way the surprise would be revealed before it was time. He had been slaving away over his newest creation during his spare time for the past month and a half and it was finally ready. Well, he knew he could probably have done some more work on it if he’d had the time, but he hadn’t seen his sister for almost two months now and he was anxious to get home and give her the present.
“What? What’re you saying, Tony?”
“Asshole,” she muttered, echoing Clint’s early statement.
“I’ll visit. I have to cram in all the time with you I can, what with you being so old and all.”
Whatever Bruce was planning to reply with, though actual vocal responses may have been out of the question as he just looked bemused, were cut off by the elevator doors opening again and Thor’s voice as he stepped out, almost bumping into Jane in the process.
ahead of him. Those guests would strike out at Tony the moment they were alone and smuggle him off the planet with well bribed guards looking the other way. Obie looked like the years of lying and making himself millions while having betrayed both his best friend and godson had left him with peaceful nights and not a worry in the world.
Finally, Obie spoke.
“Yeah, I’m fine, just feels like I burnt it a little.”
Leaning forward so that he could reach the intercom button, he jabbed at it with more force than was strictly necessary.
It was an impressive look.
“You said… you weren’t right for the ship,” Tony spoke slowly, pausing to once more wet his lips.
“Are these your friends?” he continued, for all the world as if Dummy was talking away to him like a little kid showing off his friends to his parents.
“Also, I’m your boss, pretty sure that means I can call you whatever I like.”
“Indeed. How are you?” the family butler asked politely. Tony felt his heart swell with joy because even if he sounded as polite as an acquaintance, Tony knew without a shadow of a doubt that Jarvis was actually interested in the answer to that question, that it wasn’t just a social formality for him. He actually
She linked her own, much smaller finger with his for a moment before curling back into his chest, body still shaking with the occasional hiccupped sob. He stroked her hair as she slowly calmed, occasionally placing a kiss on her forehead that was as much a comfort for her as it was for him.
“Ah, well,” Clint pushed a lever forward slightly and the ship spun to the right, bringing the USC Skiff cruiser into view.
Tony set the four mugs down on the table before sliding them to their owners. Throwing himself into his seat beside Steve, the brunet took a drink from his mug, eyes sparkling with amusement as he watched Clint and Thor.
“I’m sure all the ale did was give you some courage.”
Tony let out a moan as his eyes half focused on Steve, cheeks now fully flushed.
Steve stood up straight from his slouch to follow him, when suddenly the fat man from before was in front of him, eyes holding a glassy quality from the numerous drinks he’d been downing while Steve had stood watching Tony. The man’s face was flushed and he poked a pudgy finger into Steve’s chest.
“Hey,
“Rhodey doesn’t have a sense of fun, so he’s hardly someone to reference,” Tony let out a sigh, eyes gazing at his poor bot that was still unsuccessfully trying to pick up the wire. “Dummy, give it up, will you? You’re just embarrassing both of us now.”
Confused, Tony looked down, but the hem of her dress hid the majority of her legs. Kneeling on the hardwood floor, he pulled her dress up enough to see that her right knee was bright pink. A single red line stretched diagonally over the cap, a tiny bead of blood having welled up on the surface.
Steve shrugged, feeling embarrassment try to crawl up his spine and warm his cheeks. He took another swing of his drink and the feeling abated, though a different sort of flush warming his cheeks now.
Before anyone could say anything else, they were interrupted by the doors to the elevator sliding open and the familiar click of high heels upon the wooden floorboards.
Without warning, Howard threw the robot into one of the walls, effectively waking Darcy from her slumber and making Tony jump to his feet. Heart thumping in his chest, Tony’s eyes flickered from his father to Darcy, body tense and poised to jump forward and protect his sister if he needed to.
“We need someone sellin’ compression cores,” Steve said, eyes tracking left and right as he led the way down the middle of the main street at the North-East port on Stuttgart.
Being kidnapped in the Afghani desert and having your body ripped open and an electro-magnet installed with wires snaking out to connect with a car battery was… horrific. Tony had never really appreciated what kind of mind spinning horror that word really encapsulated. If it hadn’t of been for Yinsen, Tony knew he would have lost his mind the moment he’d woken and realised his situation.
“Like I’d ever want to polish that, Clint.” Then he was, once again, gone.
Securing the helmet in place and taking one of the two laser guns Natasha held out to both of them, Steve pulled the heavy airlock door open and the two stepped into the small room. They closed the door behind them securely, only a series of small square windows showing them the remainder of the crew on The Avenger, before Steve reached for the other ships door and opened it carefully.
“Clearly, she listens about as well as you do,” Steve said dryly.
“Thanks, Tony, for letting me spend some time down here. It’s really… amazing,” Steve said sincerely, eyes once more trailing over the various bits and pieces in the workshop. “I, uh, I don’t want to impose, but, I’d really appreciate it if we could do this again, sometime. I mean, as long as it’s not interrupting you or anything,” Steve said, voice painfully hopeful.
“Oh, yeah they’re fine. Selvig had a drinking contest with Thor and won a massive hangover. Jane and Thor are totally sweet on each other; it’s like something out of a Nicholas Sparks movie. You know who else I saw recently?” she continued before he could get a word in edgeways. “Coulson was down here, remember, he took my StarkPlayer? He still hasn’t given it back, Tony.”
“What in the Earth-that-was is goin’ on here?” Steve asked Darcy, ready to intervene if it looked like Thor needed help. Currently, he just stood there and listened to the scientist as she spoke.
“Sir, I hate to interrupt your colour contemplations, but Captain Rogers is requesting entrance to the workshop,” Jarvis broke through Tony’s thoughts of how the metallic colours would wear in the publics’ hands, much better than those stupid pastels his competitor had used on their phones, that’s for sure.
“I just mean,” Tony said, pausing as he took a bite of his cupcake. “That the StarkPad would be more efficient.”
Finally, he turned his bright eyes on the captain.
“Yeah?” he called out, voice echoing slightly in the half full workshop. There was the sound of loud footsteps on the stairs as Darcy appeared, her hand held against the brick wall for balance.
“Please, Stevie, please. I want it, so much, please, baby, oh please.” Tony begged beautifully, head tilted up to encourage Steve back to his throat, hips stuttering with painfully resisted movement and thighs wide open for him – just for Steve.
Tony sent him a mildly insulted look.
Everyone was ganging up on him.
“We could use a full-time mechanic – you’ve always said so,” Clint argued.
Steve strained his ears as silence stretched between them. He debated if he could risk peering around the crates to see what they were doing. Were they close enough to touch one another now? Had their hands entwined? Were they looking into one-another’s eyes, about to kiss?
“The good doctor patched you up just fine,” he reassured him, eyes flicking between the man and the medical monitor that displayed his vitals for any indicator that his condition was changing.
Tony lent more heavily against his side as they both stood there. Neither moved until long after the other ships were out of sight.
“No more water for a bit,” Steve reassured him, leaning back in his seat and shifting his legs to get more comfortable. His right leg bushed up against the mechanics beneath the table as he settled. A quick glance at the man from the corner of his eye revealed nothing more than a small smile on his face, one which Steve wasn’t entirely sure hadn’t been caused by the seafood.
“Nat? What’re you talking about?” He asked slowly.
“No problem, four against one ain’t fair odds,” Steve nodded to him, polite but still weary of the gun held in the strangers’ hand, even if it was pointed at the ground.
“No, thanks, I’ll hold out for the good stuff.”
“Yes, turns out she already knew Natasha. When we realised you were missing, it didn’t take her long to guess where you could have been taken that no one would find you,” Steve explained.
“Do you want it, sweetheart? Tell me how much you want it.” Steve kissed along Tony’s jaw, panting slightly himself now.
Obie’s head snapped back and the man himself fell heavily onto the tiles, a dent visible in his forehead where the lamp had connected.
She couldn’t contain her laughter before playfully pushing him away.
He hadn’t felt the need to look back since.
“Darcy? Wait - what have you done to her, you bastard!” Tony yelled.
Steve winced slightly at the thought, a Good Night Kiss was a narcotic compound usually used by low-and-dirty seducers who were trying to swindle people into their lies. Usually applied to the lips, one kiss and the victim would be unconscious for hours, allowing the swindler to ransack their place and escape with time to spare.
Steve knew, if he hadn’t already been in love with Tony, that this would be the moment he fell completely, head over heels, mad about the boy, in love.
“How does it look?” Darcy asked, the small image of her showing an anticipatory smile on the hud screen before him.
“For the record, though, I don’t think I like you spending so much time with Darcy,” he added. There was only one person in the Tower who could possibly think that teaching Captain America how to guilt Tony into doing things was a fun idea for passing the time.
“The best cake in the entire world,” Tony said promptly, turning back to the oven to stare through the glass at the chocolaty goodness within. He had lost count of how many times he had stared through an oven door and watched a cake slowly bake within.
The sound of a shot being fired behind them accompanied the jerk of the bike as Thor swerved slightly. Steve quickly lost himself to the familiar back and forth of a gun fight.
“You are a sneaky, slippery, loop-hole finding AI,” Tony admonished, pride filling his chest.
“I don’t think I’ve ever thanked you for that,” she whispered.
Steve was cooking; the scent of blueberry pancakes in the air and the smell of freshly made toast along with bacon was making stomachs rumble hungrily. Tony was sitting at the table, still half asleep with a coffee cup cradled in front of him as if it held all the answers to life’s little problems within its liquid depths. Bruce was explaining something about an Asian tea to Natasha as the kettle boiled, Clint eating his usual pre-breakfast cereal while perched on his seat rather than sitting like a normal person. Thor had a small mountain of poptarts that Jane had given in and made for him while she, herself, was reading a Scientific Monthly magazine. Darcy was pulling out numerous plates from the cupboards and cutlery from the yet to be emptied dishwasher.
Tony was pulled away from the loud thumping of AC/DC on his CD player by the noise of his phone ringing obnoxiously. Leaning back from where he had been tightening a bolt, he reached over to push the pause button on the player before rolling on his chair over to where he had last seen his phone. Hunting under a mixed pile of metal scraps and papers, he found his Nokia 9000 Communicator, which he slid open to answer, ears ringing slightly in the deafening silence of his dorm room.
“Tony?” Steve called out, voice just audible over the engine.
“Yeah,” Steve’s smile softened. “After breakfast or something.”
“I thought you might be feeling lonely?” Tony’s smirk should be illegal.
Steve’s attention was immediately quipped at the small morsel of personal information Tony had let slip.
“I think it’s great,” Darcy said, earlier insecurities apparently banished from her mind. Fearlessly, she reached out and gave the robot a pat, smile blooming on her face at the way the it leaned into her hand as it had done Tony’s. “If he wants his name to be ‘Dummy’, then we should call him Dummy.”
What else could he say?
Steve glanced back at him dismissively.
“Abuse, that’s what it is,” Tony bemoaned.
Turning his attention finally to the people waiting for him, he felt his abused heart give a particularly hard thump. Pepper was red eyed, hands clasped firmly together in front of her body as she stood tall. Darcy brown eyes glittered with tears, her hair in a messy ponytail and casually dressed, the exact opposite of Pepper’s pristine outfit. Happy was standing just behind them, the relief on his face evident.
When Bruce had first travelled with them, Steve had quickly offered him a position upon the ship. The man was an outlaw in his own right, wanted by certain people in the ‘verse for what they considered crimes. Steve was still a little foggy on what, exactly, it was that Bruce had done to incur the wrath of powerful, vengeful people, but he was pretty sure it had something to do with illegal surgeries. The man certainly wasn’t a saint, but from what Steve could gather from the feelers he’s put out before offering him a position on his ship, Bruce had been trying to help people that the health care system on his planet of residence had written off as lost causes.
That was not an acceptable answer. He knew how slow the process could be, was intimately familiar with the last time when it had taken him nearly a week to be released.
Steve was certain they were headed for another shady tavern where Tony would, no doubt, pass along a message to the barkeep.
“In a rush?” Steve asked, voice casual but his eyes flickered over her again, looking for any signs of a threat.
“So, any chance you’re diving by LaGuardia?” Pepper asked him as Tony watched them go.
There was silence as they both stared hard at their respective phone screens.
“You don’t know, it could be giant moths next week, a giant centipede the week after. There are a lot of bugs in the world and many insane people. It’s definitely plausible,” Jane, who had been sitting quietly at the table with Pepper, spoke up, a small smile quirking the corner of her lips.
“Oh, hey, superheroes,” she said with a grin.
“Can I help you?” Steve raised his eyebrow, lips twitching upwards. Last he had seen Tony, the man had been sweeping in and out of the kitchen on a mission for coffee and had disappeared back down to the workshop with nothing more but a quick kiss.
The launch party had been one of the usual events, the only difference being that Darcy had been in attendance. Obie and Tony had argued for an entire week about that, until Tony had finally given in when Obie agreed that she would miss the launch itself which was open to the press, and only attend the dinner and after party which was a more private affair of America’s rich and famous.
“Wait, what are you doing out here?” Tony asked suspiciously. Honestly, if Steve was going to preach about the dangers in the darkness, he should at least set an example Tony could ignore.
It had to be an illusion. There was no way Tony would do something like that.
He wondered just how many more secrets Tony was still keeping.
“Thank you for tellin' us, Tony.”
“This isn’t because of the government trying to take away the armour, is it?” she asked quietly.
“He is with Miss Romanov, Captain Rogers and Doctor Banner on the communal floor, Sir.”
“Oh,” a lecherous grin spread over Tony face. “You ain’t gonna be able to get rid of me now.” Tony said, before ducking up to quickly press their lips together and then turning to open his door.
It wasn't exactly the kind of prestigious life a soldier of the Universal Security Council would strive for, but it was perfect for a crew of semi-law abiding citizens of the 'verse.
Looking at the beautiful business woman with her hair down and fiddling nervously with the clip in her lap, Steve could suddenly see how Tony could have had his eye caught by such a woman.
“Well, go out and see her, surprise her, ladies like that sort of thing,” Tony waved his hand emphatically as he spoke.
Focusing on the bundled object now sitting on his lap so he didn’t have to look at their faces, his emotions bubbled dangerously close to the surface in what he was horrified to realise were tears of happiness. He took a rattling breath and pulled apart the cloth.
“Be good, okay?”
Knowing there was no way of arguing with that tone of voice, he pulled his sister into a side hug and kissed the top of her head.
“Jarivs? Do you think I should get her someone to talk to, or something?” he asked, slumping slightly on his stool.
“Oh, this I have to hear,” Clint leaned forward eagerly, eyes glancing at Tony mischievously.
“I’m brooding,” he replied, looking up and glaring at the woman seated at the kitchen table, her own StarkPad before her and an orange and poppy-seed cupcake in her free hand.
Arms suddenly locked around his torso, pinning his own arms to his sides and forcing him to remain still, unable to escape.
A series of beeps emitted from the machine when Tony’s hand made contact, and maybe Tony had accidentally programmed in parameters to imitate dog-like behaviour after all, because the bot proceeded to tilt its claw slightly into the gentle petting Tony administered like it was a particularly pleased canine.
“What’re you doin’ here, Darcy?” Tony asked.
The doctor took hold of one of Clint’s arms and began towing him towards the ramp, ignoring his protests. Thor laughed loudly, and followed with Natasha at his side, the crew looking excited for the harvest festival that they were attending.
“A surprise,” Tony echoed, suddenly much more awake and cautious. Tony didn’t really have much to do with surprises directed towards him, and the few he had encountered tended to be the ones that almost killed him. Things like Stane selling him out to the Ten Rings and SHIELD actually being useful when it came to preventing Tony’s death via Palladium poisoning. So, not a very good frame of reference, really. Darcy's surprise of the Bots a few months ago was the only solely good surprise that came to mind.
As the patriotic speech wound down, the reporters were invited to ask questions, and Tony put as much energy as he had into deflecting and intercepting. This was going to be a long conference.
Steve risked looking at Bruce to gauge his reaction to what had probably been a fairly private conversation aired before the rest of the crew, but the doctor’s face was carefully blank.
“Okay, this was fun – full points for style – but, I think our little knock-down brawl is attacking more attention than either of us want. How’s about you go back inside and I go peacefully on my way?” He offered.
Tony remained still as Steve approached him, only allowing himself to slump forward into Steve’s chest when the man was close enough.
“Darc? What’re you doing up?” he glanced at one of the surrounding computer screens nearby that showed the time to be almost midnight, almost a new year, a new century.
Looking back, he saw Tony had relaxed slightly, his face a bizarre mix of thankful and sad.
“You know we appreciate you bein’ here, doc? This ship ain’t feel right without you on it,” he said, and then left before the other man could reply. The issue of Doctor Banner’s feelings regarding the ship and his place on it would have to wait for now.
“Yes.”
“Come on, Pep. It’s not like the army needs anything Hulk related right now, he’s been MIA for years. He’d have to be stupid to suddenly appear after such a good streak, and Doctor Banner is an incredibly intelligent man,” he paused for a moment before amending his sentence. “Apart from the miscalculation and gamma exposure thing.”
Natasha, who had been quietly sipping her cup of coffee and watching the others, waited only long enough for Clint to depart as well before speaking.
Once Steve was sure that Tony was out of both earshot and sight, Steve and the others rose to investigate.
. He was sure that he would break, he’d shatter, and he’d reach for the bottle and stay there for as long as it took to numb the hurt in his chest. He’d turn into his father, something he couldn’t do. He had to look after Darcy; she needed him.
“Three minutes,” Clint murmured, unnaturally still in his chair.
“So this kind of thing is… normal, then?” Steve finally clarified, eyes once more focused on the genius as he moved a plate to the clean side of the sink.
“Were you watching me sleep?” he asked, taking in a deep breath as he sat up properly in bed. “Cos I gotta say, Pep, that’s creepy. Like creepily hot, I fully endorse it, but I’d rather be awake for it, you know,” he sent her a leer, to which she merely raised an eyebrow.
“I vote orange cupcakes,” Tony said with a grin, projecting as much confidence as he could into his voice.
“Once, long time ago,” something wistful wrapped around his words for a moment before he cleared his throat. “Yeah, okay, I could do with seeing somethin’ pretty for a change.”
Steve turned slightly, Tony still kept next to him with his arm around his waist, to see Bruce and Thor. The doctor’s glasses were askew on his face and Thor had a darkening red mark on his left cheek.
“Notch, Steve; am I ever glad to see you.” Tony let out a breath, briefly contemplating the idea of flopping back onto the ground and letting his poor heart recover from the scare it had just suffered.
“Don’t go lyin’, you miss me already,” Clint winked at her, but she just stared blankly back at him until he once more busied himself with the bike.
“I also happen to have it on good authority that there is someone there who’d love to meet you,” he added, thinking of Darcy’s face if she got to meet the man she’d all but idolised for the past few years. Honestly, the girl had some weird ideas about what made someone worth fangirling over.
“Why aren’t you wearing the pyjamas I bought you?” Tony asked, staring down at his phone screen with a look of betrayal.
One dinner surely couldn’t hurt.
He was in a fairly disused sitting room in the East Wing of the mansion his family had called home since the planet had been settled upon.
Turning back to the baby - to Darcy, his sister - Tony stared down at her silently. Reaching out, he grabbed the railing with one hand and slipped his other through one of the gaps in railing. Slowly extending it, he paused with his fingers mere inches from the baby’s face, waiting with baited breath to be told not to touch, not to disturb, that he wasn't allowed.
“Right, yes, let’s jet,” he almost seemed to dance away from Steve’s reach and, before anything more could be said, Tony disappeared back to The Avenger.
“You’ve got a lot of homework to do, and I know you’ll just get underfoot,” she added the latter part pointedly to Darcy.
They looked up through the glass when the dot was almost on them and, though the USC Skiff cruiser blocked most of their view, they could clearly see a large space craft dwarfing the government ship.
“What about SI?”
“Does it hurt?” he finally asked, looking up and meeting Tony’s brown eyes.
“Only you could get the idea that we would want you off the team from a psychotic madman ripping into your mind and throwing your deepest fears out into the open,” Clint growled, frustration clear in his voice.
“I’m sorry.”
“That’s the idea.” He agreed, before pulling out slowly so only the head remained inside, enjoying the torturous feel of it for a moment.
“Jane and I are moving into the Tower.”
He dropped the sack to the ground and grabbed the compression core from the seller, his gestures far more prominent and dangerous with a heavy piece of machinery in them then the sellers had been.
“What is it?” he asked as Dummy rolled over to him, camera turning this way and that to get various different views of the man.
But, against all odds, Rhodey had found him. Had bundled him up from the middle of nowhere in the desert and brought him home, back to American soil, back to his life.
Sadly, Tony seemed to catch on fairly quickly to the empty threat and rather than look concerned, he began to grin instead.
Was there?
Tony sent him the haughtiest look Steve had ever seen.
“Tis no problem. The Stuttgart markets are most famous for their selection of wears,” Thor laughed heartily, the old busted compression core from the ship was easily slung over his shoulder, as though it wasn’t a hulking piece of metal parts and wires.
Steve closed his eyes in anger and took in a deep breath to stop himself from joining Clint in his curses. When he’d been offered the contract to bring goods to Tadamori, he hadn’t heard anything to tip him off that the planet had been quarantined. If he’d known, if he’d heard even a whisper that the planet had been shut down by the USC, he never would have entered the same galaxy as it. Nothing good came from venturing near quarantined planets, they were always patrolled by USC ships just waiting for people to try and test the law.
“What’s your problem with the USC?”
“Are we sure he hasn’t already smuggled her off planet?” Steve asked.
“Darc, come on. Live a little,” Tony waved a hand dismissively, before idly fixing a cufflink.
“Natasha,” he grunted. His head was still sore from the day before and he'd been quite happily indulging in feeling sorry for himself in private.
Turning to the door to his room, he saw his sister peeking in, dark hair messy despite the glittery clips trying to keep it in place and her shirt already untucked from her skirt. Somewhere between breakfast and now she’d managed to lose her shoes as well, and only pale pinks socks with frilly lace tops adorned her feet.
said would have that much of an impact on the other man.
“No?”
“And without Tony Stark, there’d be no Stark Tower to house us all,” Natasha said, a small smile curving her lips upward.
“Oh, we’re here,” she suddenly exclaimed, once more grabbing onto his arm and almost bouncing on the balls of her feet as the doors opened.
“Oh, so they passed the background checks you got Jarvis to conduct the moment I decided to get my credits with them?” she raised her eyebrows at him as her attention was spilt between Tony and Dummy, the latter who had come over for attention as soon as she was in the workshop.
“I know,” he took a deep breath as he reached the portal.
“She’s fine,” Steve quickly reassured, taking another step closer to Tony. “She lives with her husband in Manhattan. But you remember what she told you? She won’t see you again until you agree to take the medication prescribed to you. It’ll help you distinguish between reality and these make-believe fantasy worlds you invent,” Steve was standing right in front of him now, voice holding only the truth.
It seemed he was the only to have thought so.
“Tony, I’m worried about you,” Pepper snapped.
“Come on, let’s show the boys their new home,” Darcy grabbed Tony’s arm again - and seriously, he hoped this wasn’t going to become a
“Yeah, well,” he fidgeted where he way laying, clearly uncomfortable with Steve looming over him.
Tony took the object on autopilot, mind reeling at the words she was saying, at the honest looks on everyone's faces, no matter which one he looked at. They all said the same thing.
“Again, our sources are sure that she is still here, being held captive either within his wing of the estate, or at the small laboratory his company owns here on Aquamarine.”
“The new prototype for the Starkphone
“I’m not into this pretend politeness though, you know I don’t have the patience for it,” Tony continued, sitting up straighter and ignoring the lingering floaters at the corners of his eyes.
Silence stretched between them, Tony staring at him unable to talk as Steve’s mind whirled with possible answers.
Steve had been thinking about asking Tony to stay on as their mechanic ever since they’d escaped the USC ship. It was the first time they’d encountered someone who actually got on with the rest of the crew
“You staying?” Tony asked quietly, leaning into Steve’s side, head pushed up under his chin and into his neck. No doubt getting all manner of grime all over Steve’s clothes.
It was better than Steve’s initial concern that Tony would constantly be taking apart various household appliances and leaving their insides strewn about the tower as this, sadly had been a legitimate concern after the soldier had caught a glimpse through the glass walls of the man’s workshop.
“Accept,” Steve nodded, jaw tight.
Tony stared at him, dumbfounded, before the meaning of his words managed to penetrate his mind.
“Stay safe, Rumiko,” Tony said, before Steve heard him approaching and saw him pass from the shadows where he was hidden.
– Old friend, you look good
The others were wrapped up in the game, but Steve briefly caught Natasha’s eye as he slinked past, not wanting to deal with the teasing of the rest of the crew until he’d had some sleep and time to process everything.
Howard turned it over, roughly pulled and shoved at various parts until he turned disapproving eyes on Tony.
“We don’t have to, if you’re not inter-”
“Oh, a lucky one, or just got too close to the flames?” The doctor asked as she put her book aside and stood, ushering Tony towards her. She pulled a small tube of ointment from one of the pockets of her skirt and uncapped it.
“Actual pathways, the subtle indicator of a Core planet, you never see that kinda stuff in the Rim,” he rambled.
“Pepper, come onto the ship and let us reminisce some more,” she said, voice friendly as though there wasn’t anything odd about the entire situation should a curious bystander pay them any attention.
“Grow a spine, Jarvis. It’s time to celebrate,” Tony said as he walked inside, heading over to where Pepper was pouring out three glasses of Champagne.
“They’re eccentric,” Tony offered as his defence.
“It’ll be okay, Darcy, I promise.” It didn’t matter what Tony had to do, he’d make sure that Darcy was alright.
They’d been having this argument off and on all morning. Ever since Steve had announced at breakfast that they’d be stopping on Planeta Stark for supplies, a new glass window and some extra pieces to help out The Avengers’ ever problematic engine, Tony had been in a foul mood. Snipping and snapping at everyone on board, he’d raised the issue with stopping on the planet with Steve four times now.
When Tony looked up again some two hours later, he was surprised to find Steve was still there, sitting on the couch and diligently sketching away in a familiar sketchbook with a small case of pencils resting on the arm of the chair.
“I’ll see if I can locate it for her,” he agreed, with the ease of someone who was going to do no such thing.
“Jarvis, where’s Clint?” Tony asked, stepping into the elevator.
“But, Pepper,” he complained as she easily caught the back on his shirt and pulled him back into place.
“Perhaps,” he said slowly, eyes looking at Tony, who seemed to be dozing now, “you’re right.”
Tony was used to mostly assertive partners, whose main goal was to get into Tony’s bed and then out of it just as fast. Steve was most definitely
“I was just…” Steve didn’t seem to know what he was saying anymore as he reached out cautiously and touched the hologram, a delighted expression crossing his face when the floating bits and pieces reacted to the movement and began to spin in the other direction.
“Don’t,” Tony said sharply, voice echoing slightly in the quiet. “Don’t talk about him,” he finished more quietly.
“I want to go to Culver University, Tony. It’s the only one I’m going to apply for,” Darcy was nothing if not stubborn.
A calmness settled over Steve, he was content to sit in the grass, with candles and outdoor torches to light up the area as the music played. Tony shifted closer to him, leaning against his side with a head nudging against his shoulder comfortably.
The name had been carved, nothing more, and Steve had to wonder who it was that was special enough for Tony to request a trip out of their way just to honour them.
– trouble
– Do you understand me?
Reaching him, she took the mostly empty cup off him before setting a gentle hand on his upper arm and pulling him towards the elevator. She swiped up a piece of toast from the large plate piled high with semi-burnt bread on the table as they passed and, before Tony knew it, the doors were closing on them in the elevator.
Steve snorted, before he pulled his arm from Tony's grip and took his hand properly.
The last thing he recalled was parting ways with Pepper, feeling as though he was on a high from having seen his friend for the first time in many years. The bright, ludicrous apprehension that she wouldn’t recognise him had quickly vanished when her eyes had widened in recognition and she’d thrown her arms around him. He’d allowed himself to indulge in her familiar warmth for a few moments before they’d pulled apart. The brief updates he’d sent her for the past few years via a network of bartenders that she payed off around the ‘verse didn’t exactly work two ways. It was rare that they’d had anything for him, as Pepper was good, but not omnipresent in her ability to predict where he might turn up next.
Steve laughed, his whole world narrowing down to the delighted looking smile spread over Tony’s face.
“So, how do we stop him? If he’s got a power of some kind, how does it work?” Tony asked, mind already beginning to tick over possible ways of minimizing the effectiveness of various mutant powers. Could they use power dampeners? Maybe brute force would be enough?
Steve's reflects on his past while Tony's secrets continue to spill.
“Darcy?” he queried, pushing himself up and off the couch and moving over to her, surprised but unable to stop a smile from stretching across his face.
“It’s delicious,” he said after a long pause, returning the mug to Steve.
“Is there a reason why you shouldn’t be steppin’ foot on that rock?”
“Would be a mighty shame,” he agreed.
Timbetpal was one of the few planets that fell into a limbo of not being far enough away to be classified as a Rim planet, but not close enough to reap the benefits of the Core planet’s status. As a result, it had become nothing more than a simple farming planet, with small settlements located sporadically between the large fields of wheat, corn and sugar. The town they’d landed near was nothing more than a single main street, the few people who lived in town occupied the spaces above their shops, the farmers themselves living on their properties. The rarity of visitors made them stick out, the locals mostly peered at them in confusion, no doubt wondering if they’d accidentally gotten lost and landed on the planet by mistake.
"Clint-" Steve began, but Tony suddenly pulled on his hand, causing him to stumble into the man's chest.
Every time Steve heard one of the comments, from when Clint caught Tony wiping down the glass table and said: ‘I’ll give you something to rub down’, to when Tony was on his hands and knees scrubbing at a particularly stubborn mark on the floor and Clint walked past with an amused: ‘I’m pretty sure my bedroom floor needs a good scrub too’. Steve felt the now familiar heat curl in his stomach and he couldn’t help the way all his muscles tensed with anger, his fists clenched at his sides.
“You ain’t gonna like it,” Steve said, offering out his mug anyway.
“I wan’t wobots,” she decided, much to Tony’s relief.
“She just wants to make sure you’re having fun. She worries about you, you know.”
"Excellent, let's get back in the air."
“You should try that again when I’m not stuck in the Infirmary chair,” he teased.
Hope you guys enjoy getting to know a little bit about Tony's past.
She would be panicking with him missing. She had always hated when he was away, whether it be for school or business. Even though she was in university now, she still phoned him at least twice a week, always using the camera function so she could actually see that he was okay, and not lying that he was fine. Honestly, one case of food poisoning and she never trusted his assessment of himself again.
“I’m glad you like it,” he pressed a kiss to her forehead and watched as she pulled back and proceeded to sit on the floor, placing the dog on the ground before her and laughing when its little camera eyes tracked her movement.
“Don’t be annoyed, he’s only got your best interests at heart.”
Tony moved from the room with a degree of gratitude, he hoped he didn’t stumble across something like that again anytime soon. It was going to be yet another thing to keep him awake at night.
Tony caught the slightly mischievous look Darcy suddenly sent him.
he insulted him before turning and shuffling back into the pub, not seeming to care about his fellow fighters strewn across the dusty street.
“I really hope you’re bein’ honest about those favours. You’re goin’ to be on cargo cleaning duty for the next Earth-that-was month for this.”
“Told you she was a fan of yours,” he grinned.
Thor really was as impressive as Darcy had said he was. Tony would do a lot to be able to study that special little hammer of his. What she’d failed to mention was how ridiculous he looked in his Halloween costume. That, and how much of an ass the man - the god, whatever - was.
“Oh, DC!” Darcy appeared back in the frame, this time cutting Pepper off as she grabbed hold of the woman’s arm and leaned slightly into the screen. “Can I go? It’s been ages since I was last in DC.”
Looking around the large room once more, he felt a cold lump settle in his gut at the familiar looking lamp sitting innocently on a small side table before him. While the shade was nothing extraordinary, the lamp had precious jewels embedded into the solid gold stand.
“Despite what you seem to think, he’s actually
“Darcy said that if you refuse she’ll make Jarvis play a movie titled Magic Mike on repeat down in the workshop until you give in. I take it, with how much you dislike magic, that’s a powerful incentive?” Steve asked, completely clueless about the movies lack of magic, but the careful and elaborate removal of clothing to songs.
“Do you mind, I was in the middle of something,” Doctor Traveller snapped, as if Clint had interrupted him while having a business lunch rather than screwing around with Tony’s mind.
Beneath their feet the ship rumbled to life, and the cabin pressurised with a tightening of Steve's skin.
“Clint, shut up!” Steve repeated, not having time to focus on his stroppy pilot who, he knew, lived for this kind of crap. If Clint didn’t have someone coming after him then he complained, often until someone got sick of it and either threw something heavy at him or left him on a stool in a no name bar to return to the ship the next morning with bruises and stories of fights.
“This was really nice, Steve,” he finally said.
“You know who we’re speakin’ of, Miss Potts.”
He supposed he should be grateful to Darcy or Natasha, or possibly both - you could never quite tell in these kinds of situations - that they had clearly threatened the others that if they made any comments about Steve and Tony’s impending plans to get coffee -
“Regrettably, Sir, we appear to be out of coffee within the workshop. I am happy to report, however, that the communal kitchen has a plentiful supply of freshly brewed coffee awaiting your consumption,” Jarvis said, briskly.
Tony looked from screen to screen, not willing to admit even to himself that, whatever it was Phil was bringing to him, it was big.
,” Tony swore from behind him, and Steve belatedly noted that the mechanic had followed him up through the ship.
“Why haven’t you just gone to the authorities about this?”
“I’m glad you like your surprise,” Steve replied once they’d pulled apart, voice just as soft and a gentle smile gracing his lips.
“Let go! I didn’t create you to be literally clingy. Let go, you bas-you dummy!” he checked himself just in time. He probably swore too much in front of Darcy as it was, no use adding fuel to that preverbal fire when he was attached to a machine. The bot gave a particularly hard tug at the last word, almost succeeding in sending Tony, and by extension, Darcy to the ground.
Clint and Tony soon launched into a ridiculous recount of their most recent game of cards together, both crying foul at the others’ outrageous cheating, and Steve let himself sink into the moment.
Logically, he knew he should just go back into the safety of the lightened cave. But Tony was impatient, he especially hated having to wait for dawn to come just so he could move around outside without the threat of the various monsters that appeared throughout the night.
“Criminals?” Steve broke in, immediately concerned that they’d been too obvious and unguarded with their actions around company.
Silence stretched between them.
Arriving on a planet Tony swore he'd never visit again, Steve makes plans for his and Tony's future as an old friend of Natasha's appears on the scene - seeming to know a lot more about their mysterious mechanic than she should.
“Imma kill you, little man,” the leader snarled, before launching towards him.
“The fuck is you hangin' 'round me for, ya
“I understand, in a way. Even if I don’t agree with why you did it.”
He wasn’t talking about
“Of course, I don’t. I would’ve turned right around and gone back to the Tower if that were the case,” Tony snipped, attention mostly taken by results of Jarvis’s scans of the insects that overlaid the hud’s screen.
“Well, ain’t that somethin’?” Steve muttered, coming further into the room so that he could rest a hand on the back of Clint’s chair and peer through the glass.
“Thor, get Tony down to the ships engine. Tony, if you can’t get the engine up and runnin' at full capacity in less than five minutes, I’ll shove you into an airlock myself.
The likelihood of Stuttgart having compression cores for sale wasn’t what Steve was worried about. Finding them amongst all the hustle and bustle of the markets was the challenge.
“Obie,” he pushed the word out, mind trying to run at its usual 150%, but stagnating at a measly 70% thanks to some asshole whacking him over the head.
The sound of his crews laughter warmed his heart, as fondness warred with the anger of his pilot bringing a live chicken onto the fucking ship.
“I ain’t got no time to delve into your crazy right now. Thor, stay here and watch him, I’ll wave if we need you.” He clapped the other man on the arm as he passed through the doorway.
“Actually, yeah, okay, I can see how that wouldn’t be such a dumb idea if I worked for them. The whole, catchin’ the rotten scoundrels in the act, shtick. But, I’m not with them, workin’ for them,
Sneaking into Viastone's factory had required him and Thor to dress up in Viastone uniforms, pushing a delivery crate into the buildings loading docks. Some forged paperwork and they were inside the factory. Locating Doctor Cho was as simple as finding the only locked door in the storage room sector. They’d hidden her in the crate and walked out of the building with no one being any the wiser.
“Ah, yes, he still hasn’t gotten the concept of putting his things out of the way when he figures out his problem.” Pepper sighed, affection clouding her tone.
He reached out and tilted her face up so that he could look her in the eyes.
“Here you go.”
“What in the ‘verse are you doing here?” she stomped over to Tony, looking for all the world like a mother scolding a disobedient toddler.
Steve was about to get up and quickly run to their room for the lube when an idea hit him, something so hot his cock twitched at just the thought.
Clint opened his mouth to retaliate, but Natasha - who had since taken back her rightful seat while Clint was distracted - kicked him.
“You alright?” Steve asked, concerned.
“Of course, it’s working, I built it,” he grinned when she followed him over to the Champagne with a long-suffering sigh.
“Well, you wouldn’t remember to water it if you were left to your own devices,” Steve said, not the least worried about offending Tony, his own answering smile curving his lips, a fair amount of relief shining in his eyes.
“He’s not a cyborg,” Natasha said, voice patient as ever with the ridiculous things Clint came out with.
Howard Stark hadn’t been good for too much, in Tony’s opinion, but the massive arc reactor powering the Stark Industries complexes was a thing of futuristic beauty. If Tony could harness that power, miniaturize it, and use that to replace the car battery and cables. Well. Tony wasn’t a genius for nothing. Not only could he save himself the pain of electric shocks every time they decided to try drowning him, but he could also use it as a power source to get out of this place.
Silence settled over the two, the comfortable kind where neither felt the need to talk, and Steve politely didn’t comment on Tony’s ragged breathing.
Finally, Bruce slowly reached out and resumed tending to the injured man before him. No one spoke as he did so, all eyes carefully watching him for some kind of reaction to Tony’s words.
“Need some help?” Steve’s voice was dry as the Sahara, and though the question was obviously directed at Tony, his eyes didn’t leave Clint.
“Clint, pilot to The Avenger,” Clint shook her hand.
He also might have found a tin of cupcakes waiting for him on her bed with a sticky note on the lid, his sisters familiar writing on it.
“What kind of
“I’m not the great person you all seem to think I am,” he said softly, voice resigned to the exposure of the truth and the imminent resentment and abandonment of all those in the room.
“I used to get into all kinds of things, but nothing ever too serious. I don’t think Jarvis’ heart was really in it when he tried to scold me, to be honest. On more than one occasion I’m pretty sure he was actually amused by what I’d gotten up to, but couldn’t let on.”
“With that small detail taken care of, we can continue,” Steve looked back at Rumiko as she spoke. “You will, of course, be compensated for your time and effort.” She stepped forward and held out a hand. “Do we have an accord?”
“No, it’s not. You’re just refusing to see that going all lone wolf in Afghanistan - of all God-forsaken places - may not be the best course of action.”
“Oh, I’m betting there’s a ‘Captain’ in there somewhere,” Tony grinned.
Tony hummed in understanding, eyes back on where Darcy had come up behind a woman at the base of the tree, riffling through a small basket of baby pumpkins.
“Well… What do you think, then? Of me stepping down from the CEO position,” Tony asked.
,” Clint said after the ringing silence in the room had become too much.
All errors are mine.
Tony had done the next best thing and called his godfather, Obie.
Tony gasped in a breath and blinked hard, but the room around him had definitely changed. Gone was the half-destroyed office, the crazy outfits and ammunition pressed along his back.
Nick Fury, a literal one-eyed captain, was part of SHIELD, a large sub-group of the USC. While Nick was content to work under the governments ridiculous rules and regulations, he was just as willing to hire outside help when particularly delicate situations that provided too much red tape to resolve to his satisfaction appeared.
“See you ‘round,” he quickly turned and disappeared into the sea of dispersing spectators around them, the show now over.
Tony was silent for a long time, so long that Steve began to wonder if he was dozing off again, before he began speaking.
“I need his shirt off,” Bruce said, pausing to toss a pair of scissors to Steve, who caught them and reached for Tony’s already ruined shirt to cut it away.
In the end, it was only after she’d worn herself out and Jarvis had intervened, laying down the law as it was, that she’d given up fighting and proceeded to sulk for two whole days. After many promises to ring regularly and visit often, she’d finally relented and subjected Tony to a tearful farewell.
“I think I’m a little bit in love,” Tony said, unceremoniously throwing himself into the free seat to Steve’s right, brown eyes alight and focused on the Captain in a way that made something in Steve’s gut curl happily.
“Speaking of being there, I’ve told you my story, what’s yours? Am I going to have to Google you to find out?” she demanded.
Tony had a moment to be utterly charmed as he could remember the exact thing happening years ago but with a stuffed teddy bear that had refused to sit upright at the tea party table, when the bot suddenly let go of his shirt. The pistons in the arm moved as it turned its camera face towards Darcy, beeping in a way that almost sounded excited.
“Darc, making friends with the paparazzi? Have I taught you nothing?”
“Oh, please, like you never get into sticky situations? Besides, it wasn’t even really anything to do with me. It was mostly everyone else. I was just kind of… there,” she waved a hand flippantly.
– bastard
Maria Stark died on a rainy, Saturday afternoon in April.
Steve frowned, the mystery of Tony’s past once more making itself known.
“Hey, you can’t go blamin’ me if you’ve yet to learn what a wash cloth is for.”
Having completely lost Tony and knocked the fat man out cold on the tavern floor, Steve headed back to his ship.
“Let’s hope we can find one, or else we won’t be gettin’ of this rock no time soon,” Steve said, the last part more to himself than his two crew members.
, was he?
“Tony,” Steve tried again. “We promised Darcy that we would be up in time for that movie she wanted to watch tonight, remember?”
“Tony!” she reached out and grabbed his arm, causing them both to come to a stop, people rushing around behind the scenes of the Stark Expo were forced to go around them. Tony finally looked back at her and found a small smile curved his lips unbidden. She looked so grown-up, in a beautiful dress that probably revealed more of her cleavage than he felt was necessary, but he knew she’d merely roll her eyes and do her own thing even if he mentioned it. He found it hard to believe sometimes that she was already twenty, almost a full adult and thinking about what she was going to do with her future. It felt like only yesterday that she was a little kid, asking for his help on how to correctly write her alphabet letters.
Tony huffed, the warm breath washing across Steve's face, before the mechanic lent forward and pressed their lips together in a short kiss.
“Tony, are you going to have any of this?” Bruce asked as the others sat down and began to eat.
Even at twelve, Tony was rarely lost for words, a fact that had gotten him into trouble more often than not. However, it seemed that his four-year-old sister could stump him with just one simple question. He had honestly never thought about her asking such a thing from him, though he supposed it did seem logical in hindsight. But, what was he meant to say to her? He couldn’t tell her that their mother had been a distant woman, employing an opinion about her child only when it was deemed socially appropriate. Tony had very few memories of her, to be honest, and most of it was via a third party such a newspapers or gossip. She was just this distant image of a woman who had given birth to him, someone he had always seen from far away with a very thick, indestructible glass wall between them.
“That’s unusual, considering how much he didn’t want to come here in the first place,” Natasha said, giving voice to the dark thoughts in the back of Steve’s mind.
There were many things in Tony’s life that he regretted, that he’d been angry about and even felt depressingly sad over. But, the sight of his name inscribed upon the side of that weapon, was one of the worst feelings he’d ever experienced. The sheer betrayal that twisted his insides into a hard ball of iron was enough to distract him from the very real danger he was in for a precious few seconds.
had set Darcy off and she’d begged him not to go. Thankfully, their father hadn’t been home at the time, he was currently on another one of his month-long trips out to sea, searching for a dream.
“How’s things been going there without me?” she ignored him.
“Hi, guys, hey,” Tony cooed, reaching out and offering stroked and pats where we could as they circled him, the happy chatter only machines could make filling the carpark. For the next few minutes, Tony only knew his bots, their familiar feel and smell assaulting his senses and bringing with it a sense of happiness and home.
He cast a wary eye around his military neat room, no sentimental items cluttering up any of the surfaces, or anything that could easily be fashioned into a weapon by an intruder. The rooms’ purpose was for sleep, and to sometimes hide away from the rest of the crew when his memories were too strong and he needed to be alone and just feel the aching loss from the war that still sometimes crept up on him even after all these years.
Steve wasn’t quite quick enough to catch the lift before Tony was gone, but it was the work of a moment for JARVIS to bring back the lift for him and to go to the workshop, tap in his code and entre. The sight of Tony in full on invention mode, with holoscreens bathing him in blue light and a screwdriver in his right hand that he was using to enhance his gestures, was one Steve hoped to never forget.
Tony tried not to panic, memories of Afghanistan lurking in the back of his mind as his skin broke out in a cold sweat. He just needed to be logical about this, there was no way this was actually happening; it was completely defying the laws of every science he knew. The water had reached his chest and the frigidly cold liquid was hampering his ability to think as his heart beat a thunderous rhythm against the Arc Reactor.
"That depends on if you can find a babysitter for your crew in time," Tony teased, leaning closer to Steve so their noses were mere inches apart.
Hands free once more, Tony wheezed at the way Obie’s knee had jerked into his side, lighting up ribs that definitely felt cracked. He wouldn’t put it past Obie to have hired people who weren’t bothered if the person they were collecting for money was injured along the way, either by circumstance or them getting in a few hits for practice.
“You haven’t seen the news, have you?” she asked slowly, cautiously.
“Did you make me an Iron Man coloured taser and a new MP3 Player?” she grinned at him.
“Yep,” she suddenly grinned, running from his door over to where he sat as if it were a race she was determined to win, a piece of paper clutched in one of her hands that she quickly thrust into his chest.
“Tony, are you ready?” Rhodey’s voice was quiet, full of concern as he stood before the wheel chair Tony had been seated in.
“I’ll accept, but only if I still get to tease you about it,” he said, far more practiced than she was.
Steve had managed to escape unscathed.
Sitting up straight and looking around to the entrance of the room, Tony gritted his teeth at the sight of his father leaning against the door frame in a slightly ruffled suit, the smell of alcohol coming off of him so strong that Tony could smell it all the way across the room.
“You just got flour all over your suit,” she sighed, amused despite her words.
“Well, duh,” she didn’t even bother denying it. “You’re just jealous.”
Steve felt relief spread though his chest at the almost shy question. Tony’s own nervousness made his heart rate slow and a sense of calm spread through him.
“It worked,” Tony countered. “As long as this little blue light is shinin’, ain’t nothin’ to worry about.”
"I don't want to see you two snoggin' in the cargo bay every time I come in here from now on," Clint crowed, waving a finger at them and looking delighted at the opportunity to tease them for their PDA.
It was hard to believe that he could have lost the man beside him only a week ago.
“B-b-but, my knee…”
“This is all there is right now, Darcy! There’s me, the suit and making this right,” Tony growled, frustration in his voice as he stood to pace, agitation making him tense.
Howard snorted loudly.
But the words never came.
“No,” he cut her off, stomach twisting uncomfortably. “I lied. I’m nothing but a liar and a phoney,” he swallowed past the lump in his throat and made sure to look Darcy in the eye when he told her this, the truth he had kept hidden since she was a little girl.
Natasha happened to be one of the best, with her erratic travel on The Avenger causing her to be difficult to obtain and thus making her all the more sought after. Convincing the woman to travel with his ship had been one of the best things Steve had ever done to secure his crew’s relative safety. She also happened to make an excellent crew member, her ability with a knife or gun was up there with Steve’s own.
“So, I’ll say it again because it bears repeating: to what do I owe the pleasure?” Tony asked as Rhodey stood, some of the humour dropping from his face. There was only one reason people visited Stark manor: business. Though what a university student could want business-wise was up for debate.
“Alright, Tony. I’m going so why’re you hiding down here,” Darcy was a whirl of energy as she came into the workshop with a quick press of numbers, nervousness hidden behind the excitement.
Tony blinked in confusion, eyes staring up at the star filled sky. All he could hear was the pounding of blood in his ears and a general sense of dizziness. He blinked slowly, Steve suddenly appearing in front of his eyes, mouth moving and panic on his face. Tony slowly became aware of Steve’s hands on his body, no doubt checking for injuries.
“I shall endeavour to badger him until he succumbs, Miss Potts,” Jarvis said dutifully.
Steve opened his mouth, not yet sure if he was gong to tell the archer to go away or not, when Tony let out a happy sound and was moving across the kitchen to the exit, hands wiping on his dirty jeans and staining them black without a seconds thought.
“And without you, Tony, life would lack a lot of happiness and laughter,” Steve said gently.
“Tony!” There was the sound of movement, and Rumiko’s voice took on an almost desperate edge. “You don’t have to go, Tony. You could stay here, with me. You could finally stop running. We could tell everyone the truth, you could have everything that’s rightfully yours and-”
The silence down the line lasted long enough for Tony to grow uncomfortable, breath coming slightly more easily despite the tightness to his chest.
“Fly, Clint!” She yelled into the communication system a moment later.
“Well, well, well, if it isn’t the aspiring university student,” he teased, taking in his sisters excited looking face for any possible sign that she wasn’t happy.
Steve remained tense until Clint spoke over the intercom, announcing that they had left Tadamori’s atmosphere and that the course was set for Ariel.
“So, he has been here before,” Steve mused, move to himself than anyone else.
Bruce was talking to Tony as the two lounged near the airlock, no doubt continuing the conversation they’d begun that morning over breakfast.
It felt like he’d just offered a lot more than a space for Steve to practice his shading sketches. But Tony wasn’t sure what, exactly, he’d offered.
“Hi there, what’s your name?” he asked, giving the claw a pat as if the bot were a friendly dog and not a large, robotic claw.
“Well, I wouldn’t want to miss out on that entertainment,” Steve offered, pushing away his empty cup and moving to stand.
Tony had lost count of the number of times he’d seen Steve in various places around the Tower, sketch book perched on his knee or a table top, hand moving with a grace Tony usually associated with dancers. It sometimes slipped his mind that Steve had been an artist before becoming a soldier.
“Yes!” Tony blurted out in what must have been the most awkward response to a date offer he’d ever come up with. Seriously, he’d had more game when he was fifteen and asking out university students and getting to third base than he did right now at thirty, sitting on the couch in his home with the literal man of his dreams asking him out. What on earth was it about Steve Rogers that managed to turn him into a bumbling idiot?
“You’re jokin’,” he replied without thinking.
Then he was on his back, pain blooming in his chest and ears ringing. Pulling at his shirt, he saw red staining his fingers and knew, just knew.
Memories of the panic in Tony’s eyes when they’d almost been boarded by the USC, his concerns over his ID card. There was a reason Tony didn’t want people knowing him and, while Steve still didn’t know what that reason was, he was determined to protect his mechanic from any possible threat.
Tony was momentarily surprised. Despite the whole Loki debacle and their recent argument concerning debriefings, Tony had been fairly sure Steve was content to march to Fury’s drum.
“What were you expecting?” he asked, honestly curious.
Stane had to die. There was no other logical way around it. Tony had done the math, ran the numbers, and this was the only outcome that kept both Darcy and Pepper safe.
“I grew angry with him. He was someone I loved very much, who I had shared many stories of my past with, and yet I knew nothing of his. In a fit of anger, I acted rashly and hired someone to investigate him.”
Tony found himself deposited at the kitchen table as Darcy helped Steve begin a breakfast of waffles and fruit salad, a cup of coffee was placed on the table before him accompanied by a quick kiss to keep. As the sun rose further in the sky, the other members of the Tower began to find their way to the kitchen. Jane looked like she’d pulled an all-nighter from the way she leaned heavily against Thor’s shoulder, her own cup of coffee cradled in her hands and a streak of blue pen smudged on her cheek. Thor was being surprisingly considerate of her tried state, and managed to regale Bruce with a story of a magical display his mother had put on for him as a child with minimal gesturing. Bruce sat and listened with interest, his cup of tea steaming before him and fogging up his glasses with each sip, making the doctor to pull them off periodically and clean them with the bottom of his shirt. Natasha had acquired a newspaper and was doing the crossword puzzle, while Clint held a small Ping-Pong ball - who knew where the hell he’d found it - and was playing fetch with Sparky from his perch on one of the small island stools.
Tony mentally held up a white flag. So, what if he had a fully functional helper bot, capable of independent thoughts and decisions that was essentially named after a simile of the word ‘idiot’? At least, he supposed, watching his sister and the machine interact; everyone appeared to be happy.
“What? Boo!” Pepper said emphatically just as the elevator doors closed.
Steve couldn’t ask for a better day.
“It’s a stabilising agent,” he called out, answering the question, before turning back to Phil.
“Don’t go telling them embarrassing stories, Darcy, or I’ll have to share some of yours,” Tony threatened as he left, Darcy’s laughter following him.
“You good?” Steve asked.
had decent knowledge of who they were going up against?
Up ahead, however, there was only the hum of the engine.
“We’ve been eating Jarvis’ Super Secret Ingredient Chocolate Cake since we were kids,” Darcy directed to the eating Avengers, and Tony felt himself freeze where he stood, stomach tightening into knots.
“I wouldn’t say that,” he spoke slowly, choosing his words carefully.
Besides, if Tony took ‘handled with the utmost care’ to mean that he rung the police department hosting the investigation and threatened them within an inch of their careers that if they didn’t pick up the pace and find his sister and get her home safe, he’d destroy their credit scores and have them on bimonthly drug busts for the rest of their lives. If Tony took ‘delicate situation’ to mean that, as soon as the police had managed to locate his sister and launch a rescue party, Tony was waiting just outside the police tape and, upon her being released, bundled the eight-year-old into his arms tightly, refusing to allow medical personal to see her for at least ten minutes because he simply
Pepper had said that no one really mentioned his name anymore. His father’s anniversary of the accident, yes, but his disappearance had been seen as a desertion of the people. No doubt, Obie had a hand in the behind the scenes smear campaign.
“See you soon,” she gave him a cheeky wink before disconnecting the call, her laughter still ringing in his ears.
“I had a bad dream,” she mumbled, only years of conditioning allowing Tony to catch the familiar rhythm of her words and deciphering them.
Ignoring the surprisingly sarcastic Captain America, Tony happily shook Banners' hand.
Steve pinched the bridge of his nose.
“About?”
“Tony!” Darcy swatted at his arm.
“Come on, Tony,” she didn’t even have the decency to pretend that she was asking for his permission to do this. She was asking his opinion, but she was always asking that, and normally ignoring any kind of advice he had to offer in the first place.
, Barton.
The moment was ruined when Clint walked into the room, took one look at Tony and the comment was already leaving his lips before he’d made it to the fridge. Steve was only vaguely aware that the paper crinkled under the strength of his grip.
Tony felt more like someone had slammed a cage around him and put him on display as the freak attraction at the zoo.
There was no way any of this was
“How’s it lookin’?” Steve demanded, eyes darting from one screen to the next.
Steve was about to say something when Tony suddenly jerked, hand moving from the wound to cover the blue light in his chest as his eyes snapped to Steve’s, body tensing defensively.
Darcy just released her hold on him and took a step back, hands clasping behind her back and a look reminisce of her six-year-old self, crossing her face. Tony knew that look, it was the first time he’d ever tasted one of her cooking endeavours, when he’d come home from MIT for the first time to Jarvis’s Super Secret Ingredient Chocolate Cake. It was a look of excitement, with just a little bit of uncertainty, and a lot of hope that he would like whatever she was giving him.
“Captain?” Bruce’s voice was quiet as he stepped up beside him, both of them looking through the window.
” Steve ordered, mind working overtime with the fast-paced events unfolding.
“That’s pretty cool,” Tony agreed, privately thinking how disgusting gingerbread was and how lucky it was that he missed out from having to taste test and pretend to like it.
Steve wondered if he should be concerned about the obvious correspondence Tony was engaging in, but quickly decided that now wasn’t the time for such thoughts.
(and yes, if Tony had to watch Tim Burton’s 2010 version of the film any time in the next five years, he’d throw his StarkPad through the flat-screen).
“She misses you,” Jarvis said honestly.
The doors slid open and Tony squinted slightly at the brightness of the sunlight streaming in through the floor to ceiling windows of the spacious lounge area. Rubbing his eyes and yawning, he moved out of the elevator and headed towards the kitchen, the space half hidden behind a short, dividing wall in the lounge. As soon as he was in range, his eyes zeroed in on the coffee pot, mouth almost salivating at the thought of hot, fresh coffee. Pouring the dark liquid into a mug he’d snagged off the mostly empty mug rack, he raised it to his mouth and breathed in the delicious scent before taking a sip and letting out the kind of moan that he usually reserved for only the top 10% of his sexual partners.
“Exactly! Pepper Potts, mild PA for the charming Tony Stark by day; crime fighting with pepper spray and high heels by night,” he titled his head to the side in consideration, tapping a finger to the side of his chin. “I wonder if that’s a marketable idea?”
“I’m tryin’,” Clint snapped.
“Hi, Thor,” the astrophysicist said awkwardly.
“Obie, I don’t really think this is my area,” Tony said quietly, discretely, as people milled about around them.
“I didn’t say it made sense,” the woman laughed, turning to throw her own corn husk into the flames, ending the process with clapping her hands together before her and giving a short, little bow.
“Well, well, well, look at you. Aren’t you a beautiful sight. Hey, boy,” Tony reached out slowly, as if it was a strange dog he was greeting rather than his mechanical extra hand.
“Yeah, what he really means, is have fun, and don’t stalk us, Clint,” Tony spoke up, coming to stand beside him and looking pointedly at the pilot.
“A moving in celebration,” Darcy said, voice holding a distinct air of ‘duh’ to it.
“That’s good luck, you know,” a female voice suddenly said from beside them.
Tony was pretty sure Steve wasn’t trying to be intimidating, but the significant difference in their heights while Tony was seated and Steve standing at just over 6ft, caused the genius to tense further.
“I’m being molested here! Bad touch!” Tony exclaimed, doubling his efforts to try and push Clint away from him.
Steve sighed before giving in, the money they would make off the latest scratch would be enough for him to pay a little more now.
The sight of a Scow ship seemingly abandoned was almost worse, somehow. The large ships were once primarily used to haul bulky cargo like grain or ore, until more efficient models had been developed. The most common use for the ships nowadays was to be sold off cheap by the factions of the USC and refurbished to serve as transport vessels. They normally housed 15-20 families and were capable of reaching deep into the Rim for a one-way trip.
“There must be retina security for some of the cells,” she grunted, the smacking sound of metal connecting with flesh crackling over the line.
“His name’s Dummy, he can’t talk, exactly,” Tony supplied, the bot letting out a series of friendly sounding beeps and whirls.
Steve’s hand tightened on Tony’s shoulder.
“Sir Lucksalot the Third?” Steve asked after a moment, looking at Tony with raised eyebrows.
Thus, the idea for the adaptation of the Repulsor Tech Node was born.
“Tony, we’ve been through this. You got hurt and it affected your ability to tell reality from your own imagination. Three years ago, you had the accident, Obadiah replaced you as head of Stark Industries and Miss Potts hired me to help out with your care.”
Tony smiled as he stood, putting the cup of goop down before moving over to her and enveloping her in his arms. She was warm and familiar, the closest thing to home he had ever had. The traitorous part of his mind cruelly wondered how many hugs he had left, if this would be one of the last times he’d get to hold his little sister in his arms.
“You’re working too much,” Pepper switched topics. “Though, I have no idea on what, because I haven’t gotten anything for SI in over a week now,” she lowered her Starkpad and gave him her full attention, a familiar disapproving look on her face.
“What the fuck!” Tony yelled, trying to push the archer away from him without actually touching said ass.
He had work to do.
When the Chitauri invasion had been over, and Loki detained by SHIELD - too late to be of any actual use as normal - the six newly dubbed Avengers had found themselves in a shawarma place that Tony had noticed a few weeks ago, but hadn’t yet tried out. Not much was said that afternoon, exchanges and promises to meet again soon saved for the following day when Thor had taken his bat-shit crazy brother and returned to Asgard, along with the Tesseract. Tony had then extended invitations to his Tower for his teammates, that they had a place to stay if they should find themselves in New York again.
“Alien. Extra-terrestrial. He’s from another planet. ET phone home, only if ET was hot as fuck,” she grinned.
“Last night,” Tony shot back; fully aware that the woman didn’t like him and had never bothered to cover up her low opinion of him. Something about that made Tony want to like her, but they just weren’t at that stage of their relationship yet. “The packet, Selvig’s notes, the extraction theory papers. Am I the only one who did the reading?” he asked, looking around, half curious if anyone would volunteer an answer, half just enjoying how Maria had to be grinding her teeth in irritation.
,” Tony broke the silence, their eyes once more meeting.
Tony, her only son, was eight-years-old.
“Twenty-five credit!” The man insisted, voice becoming shrill.
“In the end,” Tony said, opting to ignore the pilot. “We were lookin’ for different things, and she couldn’t accept me. I was a nobody, she is the heiress of a major galactic corporation. It was better for me to leave, better for the both of us to part ways.”
that’s got your docket and come drinkin’ with us?” Clint asked. “We’d get free drinks all night with you,” he wiggled his eyebrows, which only earned him a punch to the arm from the deceptively delicate looking woman.
A win – win situation, really.
Stepping into Steve’s space, he reached up and wrapped his arms around the man’s neck, using his weight to pull Steve down those precious few inches so that they were face to face.
“I did tell you that I was held captive by the Ten Rings,” he said at last.
“Yeah. Yeah, I’m going to be here for a little while. I have this ridiculously rich friend who has a huge mansion and they’re going to let me stay in one of his, no doubt, stupidly, expensively furnished spare rooms. He’s going to feed me as well, because he’s got that much money to spare and I’m only a poor college student,” Rhodey said, voice completely deadpan.
“Yeah, I think so,” Steve glanced at Tony again, but the man was still staring out the window at the carnage growing further away.
Tony managed to calm his pounding heart and once more immerse himself in the mindless chick flick. It wasn’t until, half an hour later when Steve laughed at a particularly amusing moment within the movie, that Tony realised the Captain had, at some point, moved closer to him so that they were now pressed together from shoulder to knee.
Even just the idea of it, Steve didn’t know what to think.
“Bye Pepper, try not kill him. Bye Tony, don’t make anything explode or she really will murder you in your sleep this time.”
“When you’re down on your hands and knees, ass in the air and just begging for me to touch it.” Tony groaned, finally succeeding in removing his own shirt and undoing all the buttons on Steve’s, pushing it down off his shoulders and rubbing his hands over his bare chest. Steve breathed in sharply when the other man pinched a nipple, grin on his face before he dove in and eased the sharp sting with his tongue.
“Not good, Captain,” Clint said between gritted teeth.
“Oh yeah, totally safe,” Darcy winked, causing Tony to groan loudly.
Darcy giggled and let him lead her out onto the floor wherein he’d slowly spun her around in a simplified version of the waltz, ignoring the two hundred other people there. Watching as she tried to mimic his feet placement, her eyes stuck on his shiny black dress shoes and her own black baby heels, he gave in and nudged her until she was standing on the toes of his shoes so that he could sweep them about the large ballroom floor to the sound of a live orchestra and her delighted laughter.
Tony startled sightly from the sudden loud ‘thwak’ that came from his pickaxe, blinking down at the now useless tool in his hand.
“Right, send me up there then,” he patted the new invention he held happily as the elevator began to rise.
Clint glanced at him from his pilot’s seat while Natasha stood behind him as an ever vigil shadow.
The Avengers had received a call from Nick Fury at the Tower that some idiot had gotten it into their head that the road to world domination was paved with gigantic bugs. The team had arrived on the scene to find six twelve feet tall bugs scuttling about and installing terror in New Yorkers.
Once the two had effectively lost their companions in the crowds, Steve directed them towards a long wooden table that was serving up warm cider in clay mugs.
Here's hoping that the wait has been somewhat worth it everyone.
Later, after Tony had proudly shown Jarvis his finished prototype and been assured that, yes, his father would be very proud when he got home next month, Tony had remembered to thank Jarvis for his help.
“Hey, that’s not too bad,” Tony murmured, twisting the room around, moving a small table to the other side of the couch and changing the wall colour to a lighter blue-grey than the suggested deep blue. Tony worked quietly for the next few minutes, making small adjustments to Jarvis’s original idea here and there, mind ticking away at how he could mesh the 21
“You made your choice years ago, Rumiko. We proved we were unable to trust each other. It’s for the best that we leave the past where it belongs, behind us,” Tony’s voice was soft, but steel was hidden beneath the words. Whatever their history was, Tony seemed determined not to revisit it.
, his other hand leaving where it had been covering his wound to slide up his chest as he tried to cover something else.
Looking at the carving first, it took a bit of squinting before Steve could make out the mostly legible words.
“Steve.”
“Ow!” he hissed, glaring at her.
Darcy gave him a surprised look, as did Tony for that matter.
“How reliable are these informants?” Steve asked, a sceptical eyebrow raised.
“You are tempting fate,” Tony said with an amused smile at the archer.
“Clint,” Steve said softly, stopping the archer from rising to Tony’s bait.
“Tis the same in this one,” Thor said, and Steve looked over to see that he’d opened up the other travel box, the same kinds of boxes stored within it.
He didn’t think about the scorching heat of the sun on his back and how his feet burned in the sand. After God knew how long of being stuck in that dank, dark, cave, his skin was particularly sensitive and it had steadily reddened under the foreign sun.
“I hate monsters. We should just find all the monster spawners and we wouldn’t have this problem.” Tony muttered.
“Still godlike and muscly I see,” Darcy grinned at him, offering him a gentle nudge of the elbow when she was safely back on solid ground. “And I’m actually here because of Tony, but seeing you again is a bonus.”
“I’m Steve, Steve Rogers,” he held out his hand to the woman, a friendly smile on his face.
“Nice enough to do again, I hope?”
He had a baking session to thwart.
Tony snorted.
“I’m sure she does,” he began slowly. “Though I’m beginning to think you spend a lot more time with Darcy than I’d thought.”
Tony looked only slightly surprised, finishing his last bite of shrimp and discarding the tail on his plate before he replied.
“Try not to pass out anywhere but the ship, Clint. If you’re missin’ in the mornin’ I’m sendin’ Natasha after you,” Steve threatened.
sister - had been kidnapped. Tony, himself, had been kidnapped by various people three times already. The first when he had been four and hadn’t really understood the severity of his situation as he’d been given a book of mathematical equations which he’d happily worked through until a nice police officer had happened upon the room he was being kept in and taken him home. He’d even gotten to keep the book of equations which he’d finished the next day under Jarvis’s watchful eye. The second had been a year later, when a boy a few years older than him had encouraged him to leave the school yard with him and Tony, desperate for somebody -
Almost.
“Zombies and spiders and skeletons, oh my.” Tony snorted, knowing by the small huff of breath to his left that Steve was smiling despite the situation.
“I didn’t latch onto nothin’,” Steve frowned at the pilot.
Stepping into the room, he cleared his throat loudly, delighted by the way she lit up upon laying eyes on him.
“Don’t be mean to him,” Darcy protested, lips turning down in a pout.
“This time?” Tony raised his eyebrows in mock offense.
“Tony!” A sudden voice cut through the pounding of Tony’s heart in his ears. There was a squishing sound and the Zombie fell to the ground, dead.
“You wouldn’t really murder me, would you?” he gave her his most charming, camera smile.
He took the top one out and looked at it closely, trying to place the familiar logo on top of the lid.
She waved a careless hand.
Steve stiffened at Thor’s words, surprised the man had just asked so boldly in front of the rest of the crew. A look around showed that, while not everyone was staring at Tony, they were all clearly listening for the answer.
“Sir, Agent Coulson from SHIELD is on the line.”
Steve gestured to the small kitchen area where the many compartments of protein and other foodstuffs could be found in a series of cabinets.
Climbing down the ladder, he made short work of his clothes, until he was in only his underwear, and finally allowed himself to flop onto his bed, a loud sigh draining his body of tension.
“Hey, Doc, my friend here’s got a burnt finger, think you can patch ‘em up for me?” The woman said, jerking her thumb over her shoulder towards them as she addressed the woman reading in one of the wooden chairs.
“That’s right, I got you sweetheart, I got you.” Steve peppered his face with tender kisses for a moment, resting his weight on one arm so he could reach down and position himself at the stretched pucker of Tony’s hole.
A small, raised platform with a simple thatch roof held up by four wooden pillars, held a group of musicians playing a jaunty jig, one of them with a string instrument was practically dancing as she played.
“Told
Once the immediate impact had died down, Steve stood up straight again, releasing the station only to wrap one arm around Tony’s waist to keep him close as he looked over to Natasha and Clint.
There was a moment of scuffling as Clint attempted to sit on Tony again, but Steve held him back. They finally quietened down when Steve pushed Clint onto the floor at the other end of the couch, before sitting down on the middle seat so that he was between them both.
What if they killed him? He might annoy them a little too much, or maybe they’d find someone else to build them bombs. Someone not as good, but they’d be compliant. He might never get to see his sister again, never talk to her or eat one of her amazing baked goods. That ridiculous conversation about pyjamas might be the last thing they said to one another. He could never say the things he should have said; about how grateful he was to have her in his life. She was the shining light in some of his darkest moments. He could never even tell her the truth, the secret of their mother that he kept hidden away from her. If he died, he wanted her to know the truth, even if it might hurt her. She’d need to hear something like that from him; no one else would be able to explain to her the reasons why he did what he did. Why he still continued with the lie. Why he’d made up the lie to begin with.
“From the limited intelligence we’ve gathered so far, a mutant who calls himself Doctor Traveller is behind this. He was a specialist in the field of criminal psychology, but had a nervous breakdown that triggered latent mutant powers. Now he’s going around screwing with people’s heads and causing people to have psychotic breakdowns, while every serial killer he comes into contact with is suddenly becoming a super genius,” Fury bit out.
“What the hell is going on!” Tony yelled angrily, frustration taking over the growing terror in the back of his mind.
“It’s okay, Darc. I will always protect you. I’ll always be here. Pinky promise,” he held out his little finger to her, having seen the kids at school do this when promising their friends that they would keep their secrets.
He’d already proclaimed most of his deepest secrets today, what was one more?
Tony had been held, far longer than the average person if he’d formed an attachment with someone, but even just an hour with those monsters was enough to break the strongest of men.
“Jarvis, pull up the projects I’ve been working on recently to Miss Potts’s StarkPad,” Tony said, gesturing to the piece of technology she was still holding.
After tucking her into his own bed, she had insisted and after that scare he didn’t blame her for not wanting to be alone, Tony went back downstairs to the lounge room and over to the toy, picking it up and staring at it with hard eyes.
The archer flopped down onto one of the kitchen chairs across from Pepper and beside Jane. He squinted at Tony, before letting out a loud sigh as he took a bite.
“Darcy apparently makes super awesome cupcakes,” Clint said.
“Clint, engage the forward thrusters in one, large pulse, then kill the engine.
“Accident?”
It wasn’t often that they ran into a friend in their travels, it would be cruel of him to separate them so soon.
Firstly, he would never, not even under pain of death, admit that SHIELD and his own father were key factors in him figuring out how to save himself. Also, SHIELD could go screw themselves over their personality evaluation and only wanting him to consultant with them. They could complain about him all they wanted, but everyone knew he held the real power because if he stopped supplying them with all their little gadgets, who else were they going to turn to? Fury liked to think he had more power than he actually had, from what Tony had been able to learn via hacking into SHIELD’s systems. Tony was content for now not to challenge the decision made, he had more important things to worry about than some super-secret boy band.
“Okay, fine, just…” he reached over to the corner of a workbench where the now fully upgraded Sparky had been curled up in rest mode.
“What the hell is that?”
Curling an arm around him, he rubbed his upper arm to gently rouse him.
“She’s moved to Portland,” Phil said quietly.
Tony was a smart man; he knew Steve would never want him like
A grin pulled at his lips and, looking up at Jarvis, Tony tightened his hold on the railing in order to contain the flow of excitement that suddenly swept through him. Jarvis smiled down at him, hand moving to rest briefly on top of his head, approval in his eyes.
“Yeah, yeah, I’m getting there. Well, perhaps the reason that he was such a werido wasn’t anything to do with him being one of those hipster kids. He may have been an alien,” she concluded, with the air of someone who’d presented a perfectly logical argument.
Steve packed up the chair and parasol while the rest of them got back onto the ship, laughing and joking about their recent exploits – or smirking mysteriously in Natasha’s case. Steve stared into the mass of people, wondering if he’d see Tony again, if the man would return to refuse his offer, or agree to join their crew.
“This? Oh, just something I made that I thought you might like,” he teased, holding out only long enough to see her turn puppy-dog eyes on him.
“Oh yeah?”
“That’s true, wouldn’t wanna miss out on such a blessin’, eh, Steve?”
“That’s some difficult criteria for a person to strive for,” he said, sarcastic.
Tony wasn’t sulking, despite what Darcy and Pepper said.
“Bullshit,” Tony snapped, the arms tightening ever so slightly around him.
“Let’s go,” he said, eyes still lingering on where he’d lost the stranger in the crowd.
It was home.
“Well, I’ve already got a few of them, but there’s still room for more,” he quipped.
“Are we not going to wait for the others?” Steve asked, eyeing Tony and Clint who were eating already.
There was silence for a moment; Tony could almost hear Darcy thinking.
“So, what’s the new mechanic like?” Bruce asked, using his fork to break apart the protein pack that was dinner on his plate. The meal looked more like stodgy meat of questionable origin, but it served its nutritional purpose.
Steve blinked at him for a moment, before realisation struck him and a large grin crept across his face.
“Gonna fix that. I’ma invent somethin’ amazin’ to stop the prob’lm.” Tony murmured with a small smile.
Sometimes, he really envied her.
Cheeks warming slightly, Steve cleared his throat.
“I would have too if I hadn’t been in Malibu at the time,” she poked him in the chest, hard.
Steve knew the grin on his face looked stupidly giddy, but he couldn't find it in himself to care.
“Have a quick look around, I know Clint said we don’t got no one on our tail, but I ain’t like the idea of hangin’ around for too long,” Steve got a thumb’s up from the other man before starting to investigate his own area of the cargo hold.
“You said it, buddy,” Clint laughed loudly beside the large man, the ale in his own mug sloshing dangerously close to the lip.
Clint was alone in his pilot seat when Steve arrived, the man slowly swinging his chair from left to right and back again as he waited.
“Did she?” Darcy asked, looking him in the eye, smile faded and something soft, almost secretive, in her voice.
“Yeah, you too. You even missed your birthday,” she let out a hiccupped laugh. “And introducing me to Jarvis properly. We had quite the encounter when I first got here.”
Steve nodded, remaining still and waiting for Tony to continue. When he didn’t, Steve took the initiative.
As though summoned, the door opened again and the waiter entered with a young Asian woman following closely behind. She was rather beautiful, her dark hair swept up upon her head and held in place with an expensive looking clip. Her clothing, while clearly bought to not stand out much, was brand new and the skirts around her legs swished with each step she took.
paperwork.
Hopefully, he wouldn’t have to wait too long to find out.
“That I did know,” Pepper let amusement creep into her voice.
“When you said, there was going to be a whole lot of trouble coming our way, this wasn’t exactly what I had in mind.”
“If you had of been sitting where I was when you were up on stage accepting the CEO position for the company, you would have said the same thing. You practically had a neon sign above your head flashing the word,” her amusement was palpable.
,” Tony said quietly, eyes flicking down shyly.
Steve made to leave as well, but the sight of Tony approaching Rumiko made him slip behind a large stack of crates that had no doubt been unloaded from one of the ships nearby. The crates blocked his view, but he was still able to make out the gentle murmur of their voices over the lapping of water against the dock.
Tony looked away from him, eyes staring at the ceiling.
There was a brief moment where Tony was clearly still mostly out of it as he rubbed his cheek against Steve’s chest, a protesting murmur coming from him, too slurred for Steve to clearly make out.
Steve leaned his hip against the worktable Tony was sitting at, arms crossed loosely over his chest, and projecting the air of casual so deliberately that it was obvious he was nervous.
“Yes, well, you didn’t exactly depart on good terms,” she admonished.
“Just until Ariel,” Steve nodded, eyes tracking over the screens and understanding only half of what was going on.
“Captain, report to the bridge. Captain to the bridge,” Clint’s voice called over the PA system and Steve let out a small sigh as he pushed away from the railing.
The Skiff model ship had been popular as a small war ship decades before, but the remodelling of ship engines to make them more efficient and powerful had seen them die off in popularity with the USC. Now, they were scarcely seen in the Core, but every now and then Steve had seen one patrolling in the Rim, likely regulated to the nonessential and forgotten planets that the USC probably hopped would just die out so they’d no longer be costing them money for surveillance.
Staring down at the twisted bits of metal in his lap, Tony lost the battle with his tears.
Gasping on his own laugh, Steve grinned.
“But you’re wrong,” Tony drew out the ‘o’ sound, snorting as if bemused at himself for having done so.
“Have a successful day at the office?” he queried tentatively after the silence had managed to get under his skin.
“Sure, let’s get this show on the road. Any of you got siblings?” he asked idly as his fingers flew across the keys of his phone.
Thor loudly clanked his empty ale mug down onto the wooden table top, letting out a satisfied laugh and wiping his mouth with the back of his free hand.
Jerking around, he couldn’t keep the slight flush from his cheeks at having been caught blatantly eavesdropping on their conversation.
All they were missing now was Jane, who had opted to stay for the week at the observatory.
Watching as Tony and the barmaid finished their exchange of letter for alcohol, Steve allowed himself the rare luxury of relaxing instead of worrying. He was surprised at the degree of trust he felt towards Tony, considering the short period of time in which they’d been acquainted.
Tony paused for a moment, looking back at him with a pleased smile on his lips, before he allowed the distraction of the market to capture him again.
“Oi!” Tony called out when they didn’t separate after what he considered an acceptable amount of time to be snogging someone in a room full of other people.
“I am, however, increasingly curious as to how such a group as yourselves came together under one ship’s crew,” he added, eyes once more jumping from person to person.
“You’ve got nothing to thank me for, Tony. We’re so lucky to have found you all those months ago. I’m so lucky…” Mustering some of his courage, Steve leaned down and gently kissed Tony’s cheek.
-course she was.
The others agreed and Tony’s unusual – but apparently completely normal – behaviour was accepted.
“At what?” Tony asked, wishing he had his sunglasses so that there would be some kind of barrier between them.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Is that… oh my Notch, it’s one of those spider jockey’s. Think they’re so cool,” Tony growled, hand tightening on the handle of his sword.
The crew find more then they bargained for when investigating some space debris, but the bigger problem it yet to come when an encounter with a USC ship ends in horror.
“I wasn’t expecting to ever see you again,” Rumiko said.
Steve looked over to see a young woman standing there, her pale face framed by long dark hair that fell past her shoulders in loose waves.
“I think, Tony, that you and me need to have a little chat.”
Tony just snorted.
“Oh, wouldn’t have thought there’d be much of a need for that seein’ as the USC makes all settled planets habitable for humans,” Tony said, voice only borderline polite.
“Tony?” Steve reached out, hand barely brushing his shoulder before Tony spun around, hands slipping behind his back and an overly large smile upon his face.
From the little Steve had been able to glean, Bruce was concerned about the effects of having disease ridden livestock onboard a ship whose residents almost exclusively breathed recycled air. Tony had said something back, which - judging from his facial expression - meant he was eager to try and tackle the potential problem.
“What’s he doin'?” Clint muttered as they followed along, crouched low in an effort to remain covert.
loud.
Reavers, just what they didn’t need right now. A ship that big, it looked like a landing party.
“Of course it did.” Steve sighed, more with resigned exasperation then anything else.
“Thor, go,” Steve called out to the front, one hand clamping down on the secured cargo so that he wouldn’t fall off, the other reaching for his gun.
Electronic lock picks were mighty expensive, but very useful for those who walked the grey side of the moral compass. Steve retrieved the lock pick and safely tucked it back into his pocket, before he raised his own gun and entered the room.
“You can hardly blame us. You’ve spent all your time since you came out as Iron Man, superheroing around and saving the world. Then you suddenly decide to chuck together a Stark Expo like dad did back in the day? Even for you, Tony, this is pretty erratic behaviour.”
Tony dashed across a busy street with flashing signs advertising the latest in Stark Galactic wares, and Steve cursed.
“Steve,” there was a definite breathlessness to Tony’s voice as he ran a hand through Steve’s hair while rocking his hips downward, both of them moaning when their cloth covered erections met.
“Right. Remind me again why we’re the only ones here. Seeing as so many of these people are mutants, why the hell do the X-Men get to sit this one out?” Clint bitched, eyes watching the so far empty reception area just inside.
“Someone didn’t read their info packets on their team members,” Tony singsonged, an easy smile lifting his lips as Darcy rolled her eyes at him.
Tony broke eye contract with Steve to look over at the sole woman on board, face expressionless.
“Told what so?” Bruce put down the Dermal Mender, before reaching for the antibacterial cream and some gauze that he’d placed on the small roller table that patients used as a table when in the medical chair.
It was worse than Tony had ever thought possible.
A giant cluster hung from the centre of the room, the storage hold perfect for such a display due to its high ceilings. A huge chain, links almost the size of his hand, was wrapped around the numerous disfigured bodies hanging there. It mostly looked like large chunks of meant, blood since dried, no skin to be seen, but clear evidence of brutal torture having be applied to the bodies before death.
“Yeah, because all the years I’ve gotten to listen to you go on about the guys and girls you sleep with were a picnic for me,” Darcy said dryly.
“Any sane person would be too after having to put up with those stripper poles in your plane,” she said dryly.
enough.”
“What the-”
“He’s sulking,” Pepper and Darcy said in unison.
“Steve, that look could probably make villains cry in their spandex suits.” He knew it wasn’t right, but Steve couldn’t help the almost proud feeling that swelled in his chest at her words.
,” Tony breathed and Steve glanced at him for a moment, but the brunets’ eyes were trained in horrified wonder on what was happening before them.
Heading for the cargo hold, he guessed Tony would either be looking through his liberated toys, or in the engine room putting said new toys to use. Despite the oddity that was Tony and his unknown past, the man was an extremely good mechanic and genuinely cared about the ships engine. Steve would have wondered if there was some kind of strange fetish going on, if Tony didn’t also flirt consistently with anything breathing and mechanical alike.
Steve laughed.
Tony’s head snapped up, blinking over at the elevator where two new arrivals stood. He’d been so deep in thought that he hadn’t even heard the elevators door, nor had Jarvis announced that they had visitors. Tony was pretty sure he knew the reason behind the AI’s silence, and it started with a ‘D’ and ended with ‘arcy’.
The tension in the bridge was thick in the air, and Steve could feel every one of his muscles straining under it. He clenched his fists at his sides, unable to do much more than watch the approaching USC ship on the small screen, the large window at the front of the ship showed only the darkness of space with its never-ending pinpricks of light.
Tony was sitting in the lounge room with the insides of a clock radio spilt out over the table before him, Darcy lying on the floor near the fireplace, having fallen asleep with Sparky lying loyally by her side, when Tony was startled out of his train of thought by an unexpected voice.
“That’s what you want, isn’t it?” Steve pulled his shirt completely off, momentarily mourning the loss of Tony’s ass beneath his hands, before putting one hand back on a cheek, the other aimed at releasing the buttons on Tony’s jeans.
Steve made his way through the hallways and down the stairs into the cargo hold, heading over to the airlock that would connect to the other ship, Natasha at his heels. Thor was already there, pulling on a space suit as was custom for unknown ships, one never knew if their oxygen levels were holding steady until they’d physically stepped on-board.
He just knew that when he got to the bridge, Clint would give him some bullshit excuse about the chicken being an essential item onboard the ship, Natasha would smack him over the head but not let Steve actually kill the moron, and Steve himself would be irritated with it for the rest of its life, but the stupid fowl would no doubt become a member of their crew no matter what he did.
“Well, this is even better than last time.”
“You alright, Sir?” Happy asked, looking at him in the rear-view mirror of the car.
His headache, which had receded slightly after arriving at SHIELD medical, came roaring back and he felt the taboo words bubble at the back of his throat. He didn’t want to say it, didn’t want to admit to the lie that had first left his lips at twelve years of age. He had sworn himself to secrecy all those year ago.
“I don’t like being handed things,” he protested, just to be difficult.
Tony now had a job to do, a purpose that was more than just looking after his little sister and making sure that the world was kept at arm’s length from her. He knew, without even reviewing those files Pepper and Darcy had stolen from Stane’s office computer, that there would be numerous weapons for him to track down and destroy. Thousands of lives he could save if he got to them before the black-market dealers had a chance to try out his destructive creations. He had a second chance at life, and he wouldn’t waste it.
Tony would always, however, count it as his favourite gala.
Decision made, Steve turned away from the room and hurried past the infirmary and into the cargo hold, taking the steps up the catwalk three at a time. He sprinted though the dining room and front corridor past the crew bunks, before bursting into the bridge. Clint was tense at the controls, madly flicking and turning switches and buttons on the panel while Natasha stood behind him, eyes locked on one of the screens showing the USC ship’s approach.
The two stayed still for a long moment, chests rising and falling rapidly as they fought to catch their breath. Steve finally pushed himself up slightly from where he had been breathing against Tony’s shoulder, looking down at the closed eyes of the genius. Leaning in, he gently kissed the side of his mouth, unable to keep the smile off his face when he pulled back and saw an answering one on Tony’s face.
“Injury and pain equals good luck?” Tony asked, sardonic.
After his party of bad decisions based upon more bad decisions – Pepper was never going to let him live that one down – finding out she was actually Agent Natasha Romanov of SHIELD was something of a relief, really. If he hadn’t been so hungover he’d have been tempted to hit on her just for the rush of a near death experience. As it stood, he was close enough to death that he hadn't bothered.
“What the hell are you doing? Bad bot!” he tried to use the hand not holding Darcy steady on his lap to pull open the three-pronged claw, but they wouldn’t budge. Instead, the bot gave a surprisingly gentle tug for an underdeveloped grip code, and then beeped loudly.
“More we’re just over this planet now. It’s pretty small and there’s really not much to do here. If you guys are headin’ out after the festival, we’d definitely be interested in catchin’ a ride with you - for a price, of course,” she added, sunny smile still in place.
Now, if only Tony would tell him what in the ‘verse his problem was, life on the ship could return to normal.
Tony hated that guy. Not only was he the slimiest, most disgustingly useless man on earth, but he’d somehow gotten it into his head that Darcy was interested in him. Darcy had met him twice, both times she’d avoided making a scene because Tony had pulled her away to dance when she’d been about to say something scathing. Tony was positive that if the idiot ever tried anything on Darcy, she’d kick him so hard in the balls he’d never be able to reproduce… which wouldn't actually be such a bad thing.
“Good girl,” he said softly with a smile.
He was just finishing up when the slightly squeaky sound of footsteps in dry sand reached his ears and, turning around all he could do was release a sigh. There was a group of Tadamorian’s, their laser guns pointed directly at him and Clint.
Atlantis was the most beautiful of Aquamarine’s cities, with great spiralling towers reminiscent of the coral that rose from its seabed, the pastel coloured buildings only added to the effect. While near the entry point of the city there was a fresh seafood market designed to highlight the best samples of food the city had to offer, the further into the city one went, the more attention had been spent on making it look like a coral reef. Steve, himself, had only been some little ways into the city before, but even just staying in the outskirts, it was unlike any planet he’d ever seen before.
“Mm, apparently the chicken told him that was it’s ‘true name’,” Tony replied, looking delighted with the ridiculousness of it all.
"You should be offended by proxy of being my Science Bro," Tony waved a hand dismissively. Bruce would totally be offended if he didn’t spend so much time with the squishy side of science.
, as in Thor’s lover-girl who he had to up and leave when the USC caught up to what he and his brother were up to?”
“Yes. It’s nothing to worry about. You’ll probably end up appreciating it. Rhodey did during university.” She laughed lightly before turning back to her tablet.
Steve’s frown deepened.
“Honestly, Captain,” he turned to Steve. “I’ve no idea what it is or, more importantly, what it does.” He removed his glasses and rubbed at his eyes for a moment before replacing them. “If I had to hazard a guess, I’d say it’s something like a cardiac infuser. It’s a practice used in patients with heart troubles, but this,” he waved a hand in the direction of the infirmary. “I’ve never seen something like this before.”
“Hey, Darc,” Tony couldn’t help the small smile that lifted his lips at the sound of her voice.
“Exactly, we could see those sights right now,” Steve lent closer to Tony’s bemused face, warming to his own idea. “Just us, a couple of guys’ seein’ whatever there is ta see.”
The door shut and Tony remained still as Jarvis turned around, a small smile lifting the corners of his lips upon sighting his young charge. In a move far too casual not to have been planned, Jarvis picked up the newspaper from the small table and deposited it atop the hanging closet, a spot Tony would have difficulty in reaching. Tony, however, wasn’t particularly interested in the paper anymore, it wasn’t like it would say anything he didn’t already know.
For a brief moment, he morbidly amused himself with the idea of it being a bomb, before snorting and dismissing the idea. There was no way there’s be any room within Tony’s chest cavity for his organs and the equipment required to produce a descent sized explosion.
“I’m almost finished up with the new plans for the Tower, how about you get dressed and we go get some breakfast?” Tony offered, smiling encouragingly.
“Remember who you’re speaking to, Rogers.”
“Rumiko and I met a few months after I started travelling solo,” he began, voice soft. “It was completely by accident that we met on a small moon rock called Isla Suerte, it has the most beautiful beaches and the sand is periwinkle pink. I had nothing but a few credits to my name when I stumbled across a beautiful woman sunbathing.”
As Jarvis had said, Darcy was sitting on one of the couches with her lesson work spread out on a low table before her. Even though she was holding a pencil in her hand and resting her chin on the other, Tony was positive that the ear he couldn’t see had a headphone of some kind stuck in it.
“I’m wearing half of them, that counts, right?” she shrugged.
“A Captain gets some measure of respect!” Steve yelled after him, but Tony didn’t even glance back.
“Why else would you bring him back here?”
Tony spent the next twenty minutes nursing his drink, taking only the occasional sip, before he finally stood, settled his tab, and moved towards the exit.
“Fine, tell the General I’ll look into it.”
“What?” he looked up at her, lungs starved of oxygen.
“It’s not good, Captain,” she said.
“Don’t forget you can make friends with girls, that’d be awesome too,” Tony teased.
“Okay, it’s time.” Pepper said, taking a deep breath herself, as if she was the one who was about to be subjected to the pointed questions and politely disguised accusations. Without waiting for any other doubts to stir in his mind, Tony took the lead and opened the door, walking into the press conference room to an avalanche of flashes from cameras and excited chatter.
A part of Steve wanted to take Tony up to his own quarters, to help him down the ladder and lay him out on his bed where he could press against him and let the excitement of the day lull him to sleep.
“Darcy said she has a surprise for me,” Tony said, glancing once more at his sister who was staring intently at the small screen where the floor numbers were ticking down.
“Repeating: halt! This is a representative of the USC, you are suspected of illegal trading on the quarantined planet, Tadamori. Station your ship and prepare for boarding,” the official voice sounded over the intercom again.
“Who’s late?” Natasha asked, surprise in her raised eyebrow.
“We’ve got incomin’.”
” Clint muttered to Bruce, but the doctor shushed him.
“You’re not seriously suggesting what I think you’re suggesting, because you’re a smart girl, Darc, and this would be potentially a really, really stupid idea,” Tony sighed loudly, having known as soon as he’d seen the news headline that morning and the swiftness of her phone call, that nothing he said would matter if she had already set her heart on this ridiculous idea.
“Are you sure you don’t want to be here on a date with your coffee cup?” Steve asked, causing Tony’s eyes to snap open in a brief moment of panic, worried that Steve might be annoyed by his preoccupation with the beverage. It certainly wouldn’t be the first time someone was ignored because coffee was involved, but Tony wanted to do this right, dammit, so maybe he’d have to cut back on the coffee drinking around Steve. He could do that, couldn’t he? He’d just have to indulge himself in private where it wouldn’t bother Steve.
“Tony,” Steve’s voice softened into something almost soothing. “You were doing so well last week. We were able to go outside and sit on the bench for an hour. Doctor Traveller even said that you might be well enough to start having visitors again soon. Try to remember.”
There had to be at least twenty guns of various types. As a rule, they didn’t have anything to do with weapons trading, not only because it was so easy to trace with serial numbers, but because Steve always had a nagging doubt in the back of his mind about where, exactly, those weapons would end up.
“Why?” Steve raised an eyebrow.
“If I catch you wasting my money ever again, especially on something as stupid as
The smile on her face at his words made some of the guilt at lying to her abate slightly.
“It’s nice to meet you, I wish it could have been under better circumstances,” she bowed slightly to Steve, her voice perfectly polite.
“It was our name, Tony. I know I don’t really have much to do with the company or anything, and I go by mum’s maiden name for school and stuff, but it was still my name on those bombs too. I mean; you’re my brother and they were your life’s work so I get that you’re having a massive guilt trip right now. But do you really believe that this is the only way to fix things?”
All errors are on me.
“I quite look forward to the battle, it has been too long since we faced a worthy foe,” Thor said loudly, hammer already in hand from where he peered out a small side window.
“Relax, Pepper, everything will be fine,” Tony gave her a grin, squashing down the nerves he felt at the idea of being in front of a pack of hungry vultures with a group of inexperienced, unstable and highly susceptible to provocation, individuals.
All errors are mine.
“Would you like us to give you two some privacy?” a voice suddenly asked from behind him.
“I’m so sorry,” Tony felt the words leave his lips before he had even consciously thought about it. Almost two decades’ worth of worry and guilt for lying to his sister about their mother captured in three little words.
When Darcy had realised that Tony was no longer going to ‘school’ but a university, she had thrown the biggest tantrum he’d ever seen. There was a lot of crying and yelling, including the tipping over of a small coffee table, a semi-accident. Tony wasn’t entirely sure why, as he’d been going off to boarding schools all his life while Darcy had stayed at home for schooling. This had never seemed to bother her very much, but something about the fact that university wasn’t strictly a
“Oh, yes, this is completely real,” Doctor Traveller said, voice somehow still perfectly audible over the sound of Tony’s own breathing and the occasionally chocked-off noises as his body began to betray him.
Tony was, once more at the forefront of his mind.
“Some things don’t change, I see.”
“A sword and a pickaxe in just one day. You really need to carry spares with you.” Steve scolded Tony, reaching out and running his hands over Tony’s body, searching for injuries.
In the end, he just shook his head, a smile unbidden to his lips before he lay back down and cuddled the genius closer.
“What are you-” Tony stilled when the door opened and Steve stepped into the room.
“Rhodey, to what do I owe the pleasure?” Tony grinned, glad to see the young man who had been sharing various engineering classes with him at MIT for the past year.
to have a sister?” Tony asked, looking at the butler curiously.
“Don’t worry though, you’re still her favourite.”
“Well, anyway, I thought you could use this as a networking opportunity. I know you don’t want to get into any kind of hard science, but it never hurts - in a political respect, which is kinda your degree - to know the people who crank the motor for the human race’s progress forwards.”
“Behave,” he said, looking at Tony, though his eyes were almost sparking with suppressed humour.
Leaving The Avenger at the North-West docking station, the rest of the crew wasted no time in finding a bar with half-decent drinks and actual food that wasn’t protein packs.
“I can call you something else if you like; how about sugar-plumb? Honey-pie? Bambi?” Tony grinned, amused with himself.
“You know why I did what I did,” Tony’s voice was tired.
With another sigh, he pushed away the painful memories and turned his attention to his mechanic and the ongoing drama that he was bringing to their ship.
“Yeah, well, we’ve got work to do,” Tony said, moving towards the car where Happy readily opened it for the Stark siblings to pile into the back, Pepper joining Happy in the front, the PA twisting around in her seat so that she could keep her eyes on her boss.
Or the cleaning thing.
“Uh huh, and guess what!” her voice suddenly became hushed, or what Tony assumed she believed to be hushed, but in reality, was still fairly loud.
Like a magnet, Steve’s eyes found Tony’s at the sound of his name, and the warmth there eased Steve’s nerves.
Tony nodded in a tight, jerky fashion, before walking down the hallway, headed for the stairs that lead to his room so that he could lose himself in the bits of scrap metal and computer motherboards that littered his desk. Darcy resting peacefully under his care wouldn’t be enough to lull him into any kind of sleep that night.
Steve snorted in agreement.
“I love you,” he blurted out, choosing to stare at the picture of his sister rather than the endlessly gaping hole in the sky.
“Don’t move. I want you to stay like this while I grab the lube.” Without waiting for a response, Steve was up and off the couch, uncaring for his nudity and ignoring the way his erect cock bounced slightly at the movement. He almost ran to their bedroom, pulling out the side draw and grabbing the half empty tube before returning to Tony, not even bothering to close the draw behind him.
“You have a pile of paperwork on your desk eagerly awaiting your signature.” she said, smile quirking her mouth.
Steve made her wait a moment, the niggling voice in the back of his mind that demanded he ignore the job and instead investigate how she knew Tony was almost overwhelming, before he managed to push past it and reached out to clasp her hand.
“Right,” though his voice was light, Steve couldn’t help but feel that Tony was getting more information out of just observing the rest of the crew then what they’d want to share. His intelligent brown eyes were categorising those around him and filing away information.
"Tony," Steve sighed, only slightly embarrassed at the fondness in his voice.
“I’m just saying, pick a weekend. I’ll fly you out to Portland. Keep love alive.”
He didn’t know what had crawled into Tony’s breakfast, but he had a ship to run, not a popularity contest to win. There had to be some credits they could invest into better equipment for the ship and a new window, perhaps even some fresh food rather than the usual protein packs they had as a bit of a treat for the crew. Planeta Stark was the closest planet that would have everything they needed, it made sense to go there. No one, as far as Steve knew, had any priors that would come back to bite them on the ass while on planet, so it should be perfect.
Steve clenched his hands into fists, but patiently remained still and silent as Tony slowly, hesitantly, continued.
Steve wasn’t entirely sure
Steve felt momentarily sad for the innocent people who were merely caught in the crossfire, but considering what fate laid out before them with the Ten Rings, Tony’s actions were more of a mercy than anything else.
“No transmissions’ of any kind, Captain. The ship appears to be runnin’ on backup generators,” Clint frowned at the unusual reading on the screen to his right.
Steve couldn’t agree more.
“Oh, here and there. The ‘verse is a big place, no one likes to be much tied down to one galaxy for too long.” Although his body language and tone were screaming ease, something about his expression made Steve’s instincts tense with suspicion.
“He’s alright,” Tony conceded, before standing up and holding Sparky in his arms securely.
“Hang up on him,” Tony said immediately, not bothering to even look up from the pancake Steve had helpfully set on his plate. He was going to end up fat if he kept eating so decadently in the mornings.
He flinched when a pair of sharp nails pinched his side.
“Do we a way of outrunning them? That’s a dated Skiff ship they’re using, good for short runs, but not pursuit,” Natasha asked, eyes tracking the small USC ship’s image.
It was going to be a long day.
“Mr Jarvis,” she said, brown eyes darting down to Tony for a moment before returning to the butler.
Ariel was a beautiful planet, of that no one in the entire ‘verse would argue. It was the capital of art and culture for the Core planets, and boasted some of the most beautiful architecture that Steve had ever seen. The towering buildings were all carved in white stone, with massive windows with real glass creating a reflective surface that made them shine brilliantly in the sky.
“You think that’s awesome? Take a look at this.” Tony then turned completely, showing Steve what he had been working on.
“Welcome back,” Steve said quietly, voice oddly loud in the otherwise quiet room.
Arriving at the Tower, he quietly went to the elevator, intending to go to his workshop and lock himself away for the rest of his life… or, at least, the next week or two.
“Greetings, fellow warriors, we have arrived,” Thor’s voice boomed, causing everyone to startle slightly and look over to where he was standing, Natasha and Steve flanking him.
“Hey,” Steve’s voice was as soft and warm as the atmosphere around them.
“We ain't have a choice right now. We’ll find a way to talk ourselves out of this, somehow. But, for now, we have to do as they say. A Skiff cruiser is too fast for us to outrun when they’re already on top of us,” Steve said, glaring at the ship.
“What happened to Darcy?” He choked out.
Steve was glad to be getting back into the sky, too much time on planet made his skin itch.
“What I find more interesting, however, is that you wanted to sightsee at all. I’ve never known you to care about the tourist traps on any planet in the ‘verse before.”
“I’m asking you if you’d like to do what, apparently, all modern people do when they ask someone if they’d like to get coffee some time as a precursor to a date.”
“Mmm, yes to the third, but I’m saving the other two up for when you least expect it,” she paused for a moment, head tilted slightly in thought. “I fully expect to be able to call you for non-judgemental bail money any day now, so be prepared,” her voice was straining to hide the laughter behind a more serious tone.
It wasn’t really any of his business if the new mechanic didn’t want to share a meal with the rest of the crew. There wasn’t any rule on the ship that said one had to eat at the same time as everyone else. It was, he decided, more out of politeness and a desire for some kind of social interaction with the rest of the crew that they had daily dinners. If the new mechanic didn’t want to partake in that, then that was his own prerogative. They’d be leaving him on Ariel anyway, he’d become nothing more than a forgotten name in a long list of mechanics who’d travelled on The Avenger.
Once Tony had joined the crew officially, he’d made a point to be friendlier to the rest of the ships’ occupants. Bruce, in particular, seemed to be the focus of Tony’s endeavours and Steve often found the doctor with an almost fondly exasperated look on his face while Tony talked a mile a minute, following him around like his personal shadow.
“Were you lot tryin’ to be subtle?”
This weapons business stopped - immediately. He was going to be a man she would be proud to call her brother and, even if Tony could never wash the blood off his hands, he would prevent it from staining hers. He would track down all the weapons that had gone astray and destroy them, and whoever had them. He’d find out who had betrayed him, sold him out to the enemy, and hold them accountable for the innocent lives that had died because of their greed. Then, when he had found every last weapon, he’d dedicate the rest of his life to making amends for his selfishness.
“Maybe. Depends on what the surprise is,” Tony said dryly, under no illusions that it was just as likely to be a spectacular mess he’d have to clean up in the kitchen, as a chocolate cake for him to eat.
“Can we not talk about that at the kitchen table?” Steve asked, ears slightly pink as he stared determinedly at the frying pan before him.
,” Clint nodded as he tapped his mug, while Thor cheered boisterously. Steve merely offered an appreciative nod while Bruce politely refused, resulting in only minimal jeering before Tony headed to the bar, the barest evidence of the drink hitting his system in the way in which he swayed ever so slightly as he walked.
“Great, see you kids later,” he waved to the bots who had been diligently working for a change, receiving a series of beeps in response that made him smile.
“It appears that Doom has an army of those Doom bots he keeps making,” Natasha leaned closer to the radar image.
It was almost a physical sensation as he pulled his thoughts back to the moment at hand. Tony needed to rest and heal up before he could entertain the more risqué imaginings he’d had.
“Hmm,” Tony looked at him, head slightly tilted to the side for a moment before the grin was back.
Thanks once more those who have read this till the end. I hope you enjoyed it.
Now, he was here, staring about himself at a room that felt overlaid with a memory.
Steve was honestly surprised at how easy the whole thing ended up being.
“Ariel? Capital of culture and beauty just this side of the ‘verse?” Tony cocked his head, but appeared to be thinking about it.
“What? No, I’m not really interested in running SI anytime soon,” Darcy rejected the offer.
“Get rid of it, Jarvis. Please,” the please was softer that the rest of his words, and Tony cursed himself for letting emotions show through so clearly.
“We don’t have a full-time mechanic,” Steve bit out, slightly irritated by how Tony had simply and easily cut down any and all alterations to the engine that Steve had contributed to.
Clint muttered something that Tony couldn’t catch, but Natasha smacked him up the back of his head for whatever it was as she breezily passed him by, popcorn in hand.
Only a few minutes later Bruce returned, the small, pleased smile quirking the corner of his mouth telling Steve that the man had found something to add to either his stocks of medical equipment or research.
Okay, Tony was a genius. He could see what she wasn’t saying. In the insane universe that they lived in, where the people in this room loved and appreciated their own version of the robodog - him.
“I can have a career change if I want,” she stuck her tongue out at him.
“Certainly, Captain.”
“Great. I’ll see you upstairs in half an hour,” Tony pushed himself back over to the holoscreens with his feet, watching her from the corner of his eyes as she nodded, walking towards the door.
All that was left before him was an injured soldier, no less beautiful for his war wounds.
“If you have a minute, Mister Stark, I need you to sign these,” she held out the bundle of papers she was holding, evidently choosing to ignore the weirdness. Always a wise move in situations such as these.
“Oh,” Darcy stared off at nothing as Tony watched her.
Tony tried not to fidget as he stood beside Steve. He knew elevators were relatively small in terms of space, but he was also pretty sure that they weren’t so small that Steve needed to be brushing up against his side. When the man’s hand touched his own, Tony casually crossed his arms and cocked his hip, nerves prompting him to tap his foot.
Clicking on the link with the ship, Steve alerted the crew to their return and they pushed off hard with their knees towards the ramp of the Avenger. Once they were back on ship, they closed off the ramp and turned the airlock back on, the two boxes thumping loudly onto the ground once the gravity had been reactivated.
Steve shifted in his chair, legs beginning to ache with inactivity.
“A few times, here and there.”
Steve didn’t know what it was about mechanics, but they never seemed to last long on his ship. They were always a wrong fit for the rest of his crew, and he had long since given up on finding one person who would be able to do the job to his standards and willing to stay with them long-term. As a result, the engine was probably not in the best shape and Steve had resorted to giving lifts to people who had some mechanical knowledge just to keep his ship in the sky.
“But, I do have something I need you to do,” he pulled away from her and stood, reaching on his desk for a USB drive.
“Are you telling me, that genius over here,” Clint jerked his thumb in Tony’s direction. “Stress cleans?” The incredulity was clear in his voice.
“Pick a bug, try to squash it?” Tony tried again, eyeing the two large grasshoppers, hoping that they didn’t start hopping around.
“Ay?”
“Natasha, do you know were Thor is?”
“You clearly know your way around an engine,” Steve started, nerves starting to tighten in his gut. “We ain’t been able to keep no one whose as close as good as you. And you didn’t feel the need to have a stay in the Bughouse after all the crazy on board, or to tattle to any USC soldiers about our ‘extra’ work,” Steve chuckled humourlessly at his own words.
The single word cut her off and Steve became aware of the ache in his fingers from where they’d tightened into fists.
“I like you, too,” he said, leaning forward and gently pressing his lips to Tony’s.
not going to be the one to tell Obie.”
Stepping back, Steve stared towards the town, trying to fight down a swell of guilt.
“Oh, that’s nice,” Steve said, his awkwardness clear even in Tony’s distracted state.
“Enjoy your curiosity. We won’t ask you questions and you’ll reframe from askin' us,” Steve cut in, seeing the others around the table tense.
Sitting in a chair next to the cot was a young, blonde haired woman in a white blouse and grey pencil skirt, a book in her hand that she hurriedly lowered as she stood upon their entrance into the room.
“Hold on, Director Fury,” Steve suddenly spoke up, voice dropping those few octaves into ‘Captain America’s' register.
The pilot immediately complied, grabbing one of the cargo boxes and setting it down before Pepper, watching as Natasha removed her knife from where it had been pressed against the woman’s side, and let her sit down.
“Of course, wouldn’t want any shady soldiers sniffing around us,” Steve said blandly, unable to look directly at Nick as he spoke.
“We’ll try not to miss you,” Natasha said dryly from where she was sitting on a crate of goods off to the side of the cargo hold.
The mechanic grinned in return, accepting his mug and taking a sip, humming happily at the sweet apple taste.
“You were awfully quite before, Jarvis,” he said slowly, glancing at where he knew one of the hidden cameras was located. “You didn’t happen to know what Darcy was up to, did you?”
“Dammit, Stark, I do not have time for your issues with authority today,” Fury’s voice came out of unseen speakers and filled the kitchen.
The cargo finally loaded and secure, Steve eyed the town’s people as he climbed up to perch atop the goods themselves. Thor sat behind the wheel of the transport bike they were using to move the cargo, the whole load dipping slightly with the man’s weight. Natasha slid in next to Thor, while Tony seated himself with his back to Steve, body facing the small dirt cloud the bike stirred up as they began to make their way back to the ship.
Steve figured out fairly swiftly that when Tony was wondering around with a small, frustrated little frown on his face, that he would happily take up any kind of cleaning job available to him.
“Don’t you have another mug of cider to guzzle?” Tony asked, voice sugar sweet as he lent into Steve’s side comfortingly.
Tony glanced at him before returning to staring out the window of the town car, Happy opting for a more discrete mode of transport as it was only Tony he was picking up.
“That is the stupidest thing I’ve ever heard,” he snorted, the worry having given way to amusement.
Tony became aware slowly and naturally. No nightmares jolting him back to consciousness or loud noises pulling him from much needed sleep. The first thing he felt was pleasantly warm he was, the second that he was leaning against something rather than lying down. The third thing he noticed, was that his comfy pillow was most certainly rising and falling in a deep, steady rhythm.
“I guess we’ll find out,” Tony said softly, moving over to his own screens.
Why was it that the moment he’d finally found something good, a way that he could make a real difference, he was faced with imminent death? He wasn’t a religious man by any stretch of the imagination, but he had believed he’d gotten the arc reactor for a reason, that he’d gone through the hell that was Afghanistan and Stane’s betrayal to come out stronger on the other side. His life now had a clear direction and when the time came, he could leave a legacy to Darcy that she could be proud of.
“It’s rubbish, Jarvis. I’ll buy Darcy something else, she doesn’t need a scrap metal project that’s not even well done.”
“It’s… It’s a pretty big decision to just suddenly come out with,” she finally said, a small frown still on her face.
“Tony,” Darcy began.
“Pinky promise,” he said, letting her know how serious he was about this. Pinky promises were, after all, unbreakable.
“They’re very… interesting, names,” he held his hands out to the other bots, like they were strange dogs that needed to scent him before they would let him touch them. Tony didn’t know what was more ridiculous, the fact that Steve was treating some of the only learning bots in the world like nervous puppies, or that it was actually working. Tony had no idea where the nervousness around humans had come from for You and Butterfingers, but they generally took a while to warm up to new people, they’d taken months with Pepper and Rhodey. Darcy had even taken a week before they’d happily allowed petting and cooing. Butterfingers especially, was rather fond of Darcy now.
Today, was not that day.
Tony stopped listening after that, his knees giving out on him, causing him to stumble slightly before he allowed himself to give in to gravity and sink onto the grassy front lawn of a strangers' house.
“Keep your gun handy,” Steve was equally as quiet as he slipped off the cargo and began to quickly and efficiently unload it onto the ground.
“Steve,” Tony gasped loudly as the soldier pulled his finger mostly out before roughly shoving it back in, causing Tony to scoot up the couch.
It seemed that allowing Steve into his workshop had released something in Steve’s demeanour, because suddenly Tony was finding the man around him all the time. Not only that, but he was friendly and always seemed to be just slightly in Tony’s personal space. Tony liked his personal bubble, thank you very much, and Steve’s constant invasion of it should have bothered him a lot more that it did. He wasn’t sure what to do with the fact that Steve was fast becoming the exception to a lot of things in his life.
“Really? What’ve you been making?” he indulged her.
“Lies. I’m too fabulous to drool,” he snorted, discretely running a hand over the sheets and internally wincing at the wet patch it encountered.
He was almost convinced he was wrong, that his theory was nothing more than that, a theory. His mind turned to the amount of credits they’d get from the food supplies, how useful the planets in the Rim would find them, when he happened to glance up and immediately felt his stomach roll as bile rose in the back of his throat.
Lastly, and most importantly, he fucking hated Justin Hammer.
Tony froze where he was sitting, the news coverage he’d been watching on the glass screens belaying his guilt. Turning slowly, his eyes found Darcy standing at the door to his workshop. She was looking around the semi-destroyed area, uncaring for the shards of glass on the floor beneath her shoes as she began walking over to him.
Darcy’s face showed she wasn’t following him, Dummy butting at her stilled hand impatiently.
“Sir? Young Miss?” Jarvis suddenly interrupted them.
“I wouldn’t wait for him to be asleep,” Pepper’s voice was unfairly sweet.
