Sherlock smirked and waved John ahead. “Definitely not.”
“This whole thing has been a dreadful business, really. Just dreadful.”
“Much as I’d like to avoid unnecessary social interaction, having chosen to become a Consulting Detective makes that task impossible.”
Harry rolled her eyes. “The same thing you do with a woman, only with a man? For Christ’s sake, you went to
Sherlock looked up at Mrs. Hudson fretting on the doorway. Everyone froze and Mycroft stepped nimbly around the woman as if he wasn’t so large he could barely fit through the door when it was empty.
This time John was too happy to be anything but amused that Harry had been waiting for some hint over how the date had gone. He clicked the link to reply, typed in “Show me how to put pictures in tomorrow, yeah?” and logged off.
“I don’t— What exactly do you mean, Sherlock?”
“Would you though? You hate sitting still for anything that doesn’t keep your brain busy. I didn’t think ‘for your health’ would be a good enough reason until I saw how much you liked your heat pack.”
“How does appealing to my interest in
Several more Yarders’ heads popped out of the kitchen.
Of course that was when Lestrade and his team showed up, late as always. Sherlock put aside the delightful puzzle of John Watson in favor of snapping at Lestrade for his tardiness. He eventually consented to recount what the DI had missed when Lestrade began grumbling about his earlier abrupt departure, gratified that John didn’t contest his omitting Moriarty’s name from the account. Then the paramedics arrived and they were separated, John to give his statement and be checked over, which for some reason necessitated a lurid orange blanket.
Lestrade looked pointedly at John, but retrieved his notebook. Good, back to business. They’d put this behind them and let it die an unremarked death. Sherlock handed John a pair of gloves. The DI ignored Donovan’s incredulity and gave a weary nod to go ahead, which was the least he owed Sherlock after what he’d done.
“Sit up straight,” he chided. “It won’t help if you’re slouching.”
Sherlock gaped, horrified; he couldn’t help it.
Any insecurity in John instantly disappeared and he was as proud as if Sherlock had just accepted the gift all over again.
“Sit down before you fall down,” John commanded, herding Sherlock up the stairs and into their flat with his usual bossiness.
Worse than the knowledge of how unobservant he’d been, worse even than the fear of what the real Mycroft would say, and their parents after Mycroft opened his gargantuan mouth, was the fact that’d he’d
Sherlock raised his head to glare balefully at his brother. Stronger words were clearly necessary to get Mycroft to
bit right.
“You told me anatomically correct human fabric was ‘morbid,’ and I extrapolated that anything decorated with guns would be as well, so tea it is. You’re nearly as obsessed with it as you are with bees.”
Exactly two minutes, forty-five seconds later he emerged in dressing gown and pajamas just as the microwave announced the readiness of his heat pack with a sharp ding. John came over holding a mug of tea out with one hand as Sherlock was settling it across his shoulders. Pleased, Sherlock made to take it from him and frowned when John immediately pulled it out of reach.
"That'll work well: 'Hey, would you mind not gutting my friend? Yeah, the ruddy tall bloke with the cheekbones trying to stop your dastardly plans. He's kind of a tit but if you leave him alone I'll give you a back rub.'"
He winked and left before the coffee he’d bought to bribe Molly could grow any cooler. He needed a replacement for the experiment Mycroft had ruined that morning, after which he had a date to plan, and maybe by then he’d have a new lead on the serial suicide case. For such an unpromising start, the day had certainly improved enormously.
Nobody answered when they buzzed Jonathan De Kleine’s flat, prompting Sherlock to trick a new resident into letting them in with a surprising show of affability. John thought about it as he waited at the door of the flat. That Sherlock could act wasn’t strange—the man had his own spy network and was in the business of uncovering other people’s secrets, acting was par for the course. But watching him pretend to be cheerful only made John realize how different he really was.
candidate to use in foiling his parents’ wretched scheme.
John began gently feeling the reddened skin.
EDIT: I forgot to add, since it needs to be said, that S3 (and S4 by extension) have no place in this au, largely for reasons revealed in this chapter.
“The, er, detecting. Look around the crime scene, follow up on a lead, question an expert. I almost expect the bit with the fancy forensics computer graphics, but even I know that’s made up.”
Sherlock shook his head as John started undoing the cuffs on his other arm.
Instantly Sherlock had waved the waiter over, handed him a too-large bill before John could protest, and shrugged into his coat.
“Excuse me,” John raised his voice before Sherlock could plan their next move. “This painting here-”
John. Not romantically, of course, but the doctor had intrigued him. It was so rare to find someone with depths beyond what Sherlock could deduce in a single glance.
“Oh, Sherlock!”
“How long?”
“What about the taxi?”
sounded pained, “according to Mummy work relationships do not count. At least not work relationships as you conduct them.”
When he left, with yet another assurance that he
I went over my movie transcript in case there was anything usable for the outline and... I'd just like to thank anyone who's made it this far for not seeing a godawful movie like How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days in the tags and running immediately in the opposite direction.
that was the answer—
“Yes, but if you
“Anyway it was just a feeling, you know? I didn’t pursue it and I’ll probably never even see her again.”
“Ate earlier. I didn’t have breakfast and couldn’t wait, I’m afraid.”
“My flat, yes.”
Harry frowned down at the address, but before she could say anything the phone vibrated and she nearly dropped it in surprise.
There was an indrawn gasp behind him—John, slower on the uptake, realizing what was happening.
“Oh, here-” Arthur pulled a check from inside his jacket and held it out. “An advance. If you can tell me how he got in I’ll have another one for you.”
The pop of the cap coming off the tube of lip balm was loud in the quiet of Lestrade’s closed office. Lestrade looked up in tired confusion as Sherlock applied the balm and secreted the tube back inside his coat pocket, never taking his eyes from the blown-up photographs spread across the DI’s desk.
The situation with the army doctor was ideal, and Sherlock intended to make the most of it. He set to researching first date and dating etiquette in the cab and nearly threw his phone in furious affront when the first autosuggestion for his search query was “Captain John Watson.”
“Well, since a certain someone came round, I haven’t filled my diary, I want as much time as he needs.”
John laughed as he disappeared from the room and came back with a plug, a fleshlight and a set of handcuffs. He sat behind Greg without letting him see what he had brought with him. After he had lubed up the plug, John worked it into the sub's hole, taking his time.
“Well social services are struggling to place her in foster care, temporarily or otherwise.”
The detective rested them loosely behind his head with a sigh as John began undoing the device around his cock.
“Pet, what do you say?”
“No! No, I like the kitchen in one piece. Without bits missing and black bits decorating unusual places."
“Yes, sir,” the sub said without hesitation.
The detective's eyes widened. He clearly wanted to argue, but was restraining himself. The doctor nodded once at the lack of argument and confrontational behaviour.
Finally they pulled apart, but this time Eurus stepped towards Mycroft. She grabbed his chin and tilted his head from side to side, up and down. "Playing ball?"
After nearly an hour of the detective making it quite clear that he wasn’t going to give in, John sighed. Predicament bondage then. And if he still didn’t calm down after that he’d get Mycroft up here to watch.
John moved around in front of his sub and folded his arms in disapproval. “I don’t think so somehow, boy, do you?”
After slow encouragement Sherlock eventually let his head fall down towards the doctor's shoulder.
"And you wouldn't have slept."
“Not at your expense.”
John stepped into the room, each step dangerous and threatening. Even a moron would have run but these two didn’t even seem to possess a moron’s intelligence, that thought made Sherlock smile to himself, it was easier to make jokes when your tormentor had a gun pointed at him.
Sherlock grunted as he hit the floor. "This is what you want, Eurus, me and Mycroft to be good boys so you can beat the shit out of us."
“Fine,” John sighed, pushing the playroom door wide open.
"So you get inside my head but I can't get inside yours. How is that fair?"
“What?”
"Yes I did, you just weren't listening."
Sherlock slowly glanced up at the doctor in front of him and blinked. John was smiling and the detective realised that was the first time he had seen him do so. “Thank you, sir.”
When he didn’t do that either, John realised the fact that his looming over the younger man from the height of the couch probably wasn’t helping matters, especially with the head space that Sherlock was currently in.
The detective dropped, eyeing his Dom warily as he routed through the hold-all.
Sherlock shrugged rather awkwardly from where he was laying.
Mycroft breathed a bit easier. He had known that following his Dom had been risky, but it looked like it was going to pay off. Watching the two Doms work, he was impressed with how they handled the still resisting Sherlock.
"Now you smile?" John asked incredulously. He looked at Greg who just shrugged, not understanding Sherlock anymore than the doctor did.
"If it would please you, sir."
"Oh, I'm fine," she huffed a little.
It took a good hour before Harry came back downstairs. Sherlock took him into the kitchen to work on a few experiments, nothing too gory, but still working with eyes. Sherlock couldn't help but be impressed with the way Harry had handled them. He wasn't squeamish about them, just like John wasn't. The first time he had brought out the eyes, Harry had pulled a face, but that was all. He was soon working beside Sherlock, who found it refreshing to have someone else that didn't run screaming when he worked on human remains.
Sorry for taking so long in getting this up. It's been a bad few weeks. We had to say goodbye to my dog Benji, who was part of the inspiration for the Guardians in the Harsh Reality Series. Not only that but I also lost a friend suddenly.
Harry tensed as John turned to him and said, "Sherlock, not now."
Any remaining mistakes are my own and I apologise for them.
Harry looked a little startled but nodded his head, "I know if I go back I will be killed. He has been threatening it for years, but this time. I know he will carry it out," he said softly with a little shudder.
"People are idiots John, I told you that countless times," Sherlock said with a sigh.
"I'll just have a look around if you don't mind," the man nodded and quickly looked around the room and then left with a, "thanks for letting me look," tossed over his shoulder.
Sherlock could see everything in Johns expressive eyes and he went over to him and held him tightly, "it will be all right, he won't be with them long, we will do all we can to find him, and with Mycroft helping you know we will have him back here soon," he told him.
The taller man ran off into the night and Harry couldn't help but move out of the alley and over to the man that had basically saved him. The man was still breathing.
It was almost dinner time before the two of them had come back. Harry hadn't text them at all and he had tried to hand the phone back to them as soon as they settled in the living room.
Sorry for disappearing again. But the anniversary of my mothers passing came up and it hit me a lot harder than I thought it would do. I'm starting to get my head on right again, so I'm back.
"Good to see you John," he smiled to the man standing beside him.
John walked into the room and was relieved to see that Harry was talking to Sherlock, and Sherlock was behaving himself. An hour later Sherlock and John had all they needed to try and track the man down, the police would be there doing the same soon. John was tempted to remain with Harry, but knew he would need to keep an eye on Sherlock. They said goodbye and left the teen alone to rest. Harry settled down, tired from all that had happened. He hadn't slept well in the alley waking up scared out of his mind in case the killer or his uncle had found him. Soon he was asleep, feeling a little safer now he was somewhere safe.
(See the end of the chapter for
Lestrade sighed, "fine, I'll have something ordered in for us to eat, since I have a few things to finish before I can go home. I have a sofa that you can use I suppose, for the night at least."
Thank you all for the amazing comments and kudos, I do hope you have enjoyed this chapter as well.
Petunia nodded her head as she and her husband quickly signed them, "now go and never come back. You are not welcome in this home. A freak, just like your whore of a mother," petunia said with a growl.
(See the end of the chapter for
Thanks go to Madyamisam to editing this chapter, any remaining mistakes are my own.
Thanks got to Madyamisam for the editing, any mistakes that remain are my own.
I made a mistake and this should have been chapter 16 and not 15. Do look out for chapter 17 later on tonight.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes as he looked at the woman, "You have no idea of what is going on and how Harry is coping with the disturbances in his life. So please don't inflict us with your idiotic spouting of useless words," he told her.
Harry went still as he heard a noise behind him. Fear went through him as he thought that Uncle Vernon had found him and was going to finish what he had started. He slowly turned his head and saw the dog that was watching him. The dog was larger than any he had seen before. Black fur all over and it looked rough as it took a step towards him. Harry's green eyes went wide in fear as he tried to move away, not getting far as his body protested the movements.
"Stay down Mrs Hudson for a bit," John told her as he looked over to her.
XxXxX
"Right, we shall take our leave," Diane said, she could see that they were not going to get anywhere with the men in the room.
"I think you should as well John," Sherlock then grinned to him. John had one suit that had been tailor-made, at Sherlock's insistence a couple of months ago for a case they were on. He had only worn it the once.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock and Mycroft looked appalled at that, "It's a four bedroom house and there are four of you, there should have been plenty of room for you to have one," Mycroft said with a shake of his head.
Thanks go to Madyamisam for the editing, all remaining mistakes are my own.
Enjoy
"Yes, of course it will," he nodded with a dismissive wave of his hand as he reached for his phone and made a quick call to John."Also, John said he will meet us in the park in about an hour, he is almost done with his shift," he told him.
Hey all, we are coming towards the end for this one now.
"Does it help, having someone there?" Harry asked softly.
"No, I know that England would fall if that happened," John gave a dry chuckle as he watched the two in the living room.
Thank you for the wonderful comment and the kudos, you guys are the best ever. I do hope you have enjoyed this chapter as well!
"Yes, you do lighten things up John, you should know that, I don't really say that often enough" he admitted as he went back to watching Harry so he could avoid seeing the huge knowing grin on John's face.
John shook his head, "no Harry, we can't leave you on your own, it wouldn't be right, not with all that has been happening," he told him softly.
John nodded his head and said, "All right. I'm going back in and making sure that Sherlock doesn't upset him while he tells us what he knows."
Thanks also go to Madyamisam who helped me edit this. Any mistakes left are mine.
"Hey," John gave him a smile as he held out a hand, "Come here," he told him.
"Welcome, I just text Molly, she'll be here in a bit. She's going to be bringing lunch for us all," Mike grinned, giving a nod of acknowledgment.
John nodded, "it does, but you have to trust them as well."
Harry watched in horror as Aunt Marge began to inflate like a balloon. She bumped against the ceiling as a sudden pain when through his face. Harry stood there as he looked to his uncle. It wasn't the first time he had been hit, but it had been a couple of years since the last time. He moved away, backing into the kitchen as Uncle Vernon advanced on him and threw a punch, hitting Harry in the stomach and causing the almost thirteen year old to double over in pain and drop to the tiled floor.
"Lestrade asked Sherlock and John to take me in and they did. They've been so good to me. They took me clothes shopping as well, and I even got a really fancy suit like Sherlock's, though my shirt is green instead of the dark purple that Sherlock has," Harry began as he carried on going over the things that he had done with Sherlock and John since he had last seen Mike. "Thank you, for protecting me. He could have hurt you," he finally said when he had finished.
"It's always nice," Molly said as she sneaked into the room with their lunch. She giggled as the two men jumped at her surprise entrance.
I am back after so long. I am so sorry it has taken this long. But I am finding it very difficult in going back to the old fics I had already started posting before my mothers passing. So I've been taking it as one fic at a time and this one is next on my list.
Any mistakes are my own!
Harry finished washing the windows and walked back over to where Mrs Hudson was sat. She looked at him with a kind smile on her face, and he felt even more guilty. He had been cleaning the house from top to bottom. Even in Sherlock and John's flat, though there wasn't much for him to do. When they had gotten back from their dinner last night the place had been redone and there was no trace of the message left on the walls.
(See the end of the chapter for
Thank you for the awesome kudos and comments, you guys are the best. I’m really happy that you have enjoyed the story so far. I hope you have enjoyed this chapter as well!
Sherlock and John were sat in the living room that night, Harry had gone to bed hours ago. Still protesting all the clothes and things they had brought for him. John leaned against Sherlock and yawned. He was tired, he got up as he turned off the TV and went to Sherlock, when he stopped as he heard a loud scream from upstairs. Both men shared a quick look as they ran to Harry's bedroom and found him on his bed shaking.
"That's my friend Hermione talking, she knows a few things," he smiled thinking of his friend and wondering if everything was all right with her.
"Thanks, Molly," John said softly as he looked at the two working away and shook his head, "I'll leave them a little, Harry finally seems happy."
I don't own Sherlock or Harry Potter, just having some fun while I can.
"To what do we owe the pleasure?" Sherlock asked from where he was sat observing the two women.
Enjoy!
"Right, what type of clothing would you prefer Harry?" John then asked him, Mrs Hudson smiling beside him as Sherlock walked over to them.
Thank you for the awesome and amazing comments and kudos. I love and adore you all!
"You are welcome to stay longer Mycroft," John said, he glared to Sherlock when he began to protest.
John nodded, "Yeah, Mycroft was able to provide some footage, but we couldn't get a proper look at him. But Harry is insistent that it was him.
"Right, I believe we should go," Sherlock announced as he checked over Harry and John and smiled, "You two look perfect," he told them.
Lestrade walked back in with a hot mug of coffee, sipping at it tentatively as he went back to his desk and sat down, "Right," he said, "Just have to find somewhere for him to go," he said softly.
"It's all right, we do this all the time," he smiled to him as he put his hands on his shoulders.
"I will be doing my best to make sure Harry remains safe as well Detective Inspector," Mycroft added, "At the moment, I have this place under surveillance and I have people on standby that can be here within minutes if need be."
Harry looked at it and then to John, "I've never had a phone how do you…?" he trailed off, embarrassed.
John chuckled and shook his head, "Damn, you really know how to make sense don't you," he said softly.
"How about we go out for a little while, though Snuffles will have to remain here," Sherlock suggested, looking to the dog that was lying loyally beside Harry's chair.
The canine walked away from them and went over the child that was near the back part of the alley. John followed as the child began to wake up. He watched as a messy head of black hair lifted up and he saw slightly broken glasses hiding green eyes. John put on a friendly smile, angry at the bruises that he could see.
Harry jolted away when he heard a little noise from outside of the Alley. He could hear two people arguing. Harry watched them for a moment as the tall man looked to the smaller man and pushed him. Harry couldn't make out what they were saying as all, but he knew it wouldn't be good. Harry tried to move back further into the alley so he wouldn't be seen, but knocked into something as he moved. Snuffles moved as well, keeping quiet as he watched the commotion.
"Excellent news, we just need to get over some formalities.I believe it may be best if you let us in Mrs Dursley," Mycroft interjected from behind flashing a demure smile, "I do not like to be kept waiting," he added as he looked at her.
Harry had been feeling down since he had woken up that morning. He had been thinking about what would happen as soon as the killer was caught. Harry knew he would have to go somewhere else to live, no matter how much he felt welcomed and at Home with Sherlock and John. He was a wizard, and Sherlock and John were still in the dark about that little fact. Harry wanted to tell them. He had sent Hedwig to Hermione's for the summer just before Marge had arrived, so hadn't been able to get in touch with anyone.
"Now, you boys were arguing over clothes, have you thought to ask Harry what he would want, since it is him that you will be buying for," Mrs Hudson said as she looked to them.
The carried on eating as Sherlock nibbled on the toast, "I believe we need to go shopping and get you some clothes Harry," he said absently as he looked the child over.
"Hey boy," he said as he knelt down and looked to the animal, his voice was calm and even, a friendly tone to it, "It's all right. I just want to go to your friend back there. They look a little hurt. Come on boy, it's all right," he said as he held his hand out a little, keeping it palm down and angled towards the pavement. The dog gave a small growl but moved towards John and sniffed his hand.
John smiled to the two of them, "Looks like we will have to tell him a little about the cases and things that we have gone through," he said as he gave a pointed look to Sherlock.
I don't own BBC Sherlock or Harry Potter, just messing around while I have the chance.
"Social Services are making waves and Lestrade has no choice but to bring them here," he answered him, "Though I do have other news. I have learned a few things about the Dursley family thanks to the surveillance that I have on them.," he said with a smile looking towards Harry.
"Mike," Harry smiled as he left Sherlock and went over to him, "I'm well, are you? He didn't come back again did he?" he asked him, worry entering his voice.
"Hello Mycroft," John greeted him as he stood up as he asked him, "Tea?"
Donovan gave a chuckle, "Bet your back is screaming at you for that," she said with a smirk.
"I thought you would like to know that you little talk on the lawn has stirred up quite a bit of gossip. My men have reported that they barely leave the house. Only going out when they need to. The boy, Dudley, is being watched by a number of parents now and has been caught by the police trying to graffiti the apparatus in the local park," he answered him, a smirk playing on his thin lips.
"You as well Greg, pint later on tonight?" he asked, they usually met up for one every few days.
"Yes, quite a detestable human being, and I have seen plenty in my time," Mycroft nodded, agreeing with his brother.
The boy had barely moved from where he had laid down that night. Lestrade's large coat was covering him up and he could just about see the black mop of hair on his head. Lestrade gave a small chuckle, the messy hair reminded him a little of Sherlock. Though there was something in those expressive green eyes that caused him to pause, there was a hardness in them, even as he tried to beg and plead for things. Lestrade had been surprised when Harry hadn't had nightmares about what happened, he had expected to be startled by a scream at least once during the night.
"But…" he said as he clenched his fists a little, trying to get control of his emotions.
Harry nodded his head, "I know I will do one of the days," he told them as he then said, "Right, so are you going to go or not?"
Mrs Hudson could see that they were beginning to scare Harry with the way they were acting and she put her arms around the young teen and said, "Don't worry Harry, they are always like this, they are just having a little domestic, don't you worry. It happens," she reassured him.
"Just know you," he told him a smile on his face as he stayed there as John made them lunch, moving when he did.
All mistakes are my own.
John, Sherlock and Mrs Hudson had all see the guilt in his eyes and each of them had tried to get him to stop, but nothing had worked. Mrs Hudson had tried getting him to stop by making cakes, instead, Harry had taken over and made them for her. John and Sherlock didn't know what they could do. Harry hadn't slept well during the night, waking up from nightmares, and not just about what had happened, but what could have happened.
"He needs to be in a foster home, where he will be able to have the chance to find a true family," Marian said, shaking her head.
Greg snorted. "Put your head to the floor."
When they reached it the other couple were done already.
The standing man reached over and pulled him back to his knees by his curls before going again, this time harder, so he collapsed. Blood gushed from his nose and Panic set in.
"What, John? We're getting dressed there's a case."
“Hi, sir,” he whispered after a moment.
The Dominatrix slapped him hard. "That is control, Mr. Holmes. Pure and simple."
He was spun around rather forcibly.
"Thank you, mistress," the detective said, crawling as fast as he could to keep up with her.
She stepped back to the edge of the room where the bottle of wine was.
Sherlock stopped himself from frowning, keeping his annoyance of the older man’s enjoyment of the situation to himself. “Am I going again, sir?” He asked quietly; resigned and slightly out of breath.
“Stand up, pet,” John made sure his tone was soft.
“Well?” He ignored the attitude and folded his arms after resting his cane against the wall. The sub hadn’t looked at him yet.
“Mmm.”
This time, he was able to keep up. As he followed her, he wondered what had got into Mycroft to cause him to lose it. He was dragged into the room and kicked to the floor. "Myc-" the detective was cut off when Eurus slapped him.
“Do you remember us, shitbag?” Ben hissed in his ear again. Sherlock hated that, it was just another way to be ‘on top’.
Sherlock frowned, as if the man was an idiot, despite the fact he had already established that.
"He's alive. He has his clothes. Thank me."
Eurus reached out and petted her little big brother's hair. "It's so bouncy."
"You just called me John which means you are too."
“I’m sorry, sir,” the boy said quickly.
“Gregory has asked to let him deal with it.”
Sherlock scowled, but the look the Superintendent was giving him made him avert his eyes.
Mycroft's worried eyes darted up to his Dom, before another sharp tug forced him to look at the younger Holmes who was in the process of being forcibly curled into his Dom's lap on the opposite side of the room.
He sighed dramatically, but nodded. "Fine. That one, that one and those two. But can we still eat it all together?" Sherlock asked hopefully.
It took a few moments for Sherlock to follow. His gaze sought out Greg as he walked, still stunned by what John had said. Greg was so distracted by the government official that he didn’t see Sherlock watching him from afar.
Sherlock looked away, towards his brother. The youngest Holmes reached up and gripped Sherlock's curls in her hand.
Sherlock tested the cuffs, but they were locked tight and he wouldn't be able to slip free.
“Sod the law,” Greg smacked the steering wheel with his palm. “Mycroft will change it if he has to.”
“No, sir.”
"Yes, I noticed."
The doctor cut off Sherlock’s complaint by kissing him soundly.
Finn stayed on Siger’s lap for the remainder of the meal, letting Mrs. Hudson cut up his food.
“Kneel, pet,” Sherlock was more than willing to comply. He sunk to his knees at the doctor’s feet, his hands moving around behind him to grasp one wrist with the other.
John stood back and folded his arms across his chest. He knew how much Sherlock despised enemas, they had only ever been used in punishment before as it wasn't something that turned John on.
With that, Sherlock’s hands moved from behind his head to behind his back, for some reason it always felt like he was being watched more when he was in the ‘easier’ position. The Dom crossed the room in a few paces and ran his hand through his kneeling sub’s untamely curls.
The muscles in his jaw worked for a moment before he finally made himself growl out, "How can I please you, mistress?"
Irene cut him off by pushing the gag back into his mouth.
As soon as he had let go, Greg was there and had picked him up by his feet. Finn squealed in delight as the DI spun him around.
"You all right?" Sherlock asked without looking up from the liver he was messing around with.
(See the end of the chapter for
Lestrade rolled his eyes at her, "Yep, I'm going to get a cup of coffee, watch over him. He might be a little wary of you, so be warned."
Thank you all for the amazing comments and kudos. I'm so happy that you have loved this fic. Hope you enjoyed this update.
Harry laughed a little, the smile finally reaching his eyes, "It will be all right, though?" he asked as he stood up.
The dog whined once more and gave a rough woof as he moved and grabbed Harry's wrist in his mouth and raised the wand up. Not even a full second later there was a loud bang in front of him as a three decker bus came to a stop. Harry looked wide eyed at the purple bus and then to the dog. The dog was wagging his tail as he stepped towards the entrance.
Thank you for all the brilliant kudos and comments. You guys are the best. I do hope you have enjoyed this chapter as well!
Harry flinched a little, wondering when they were going to try and talk to him about his dream. His friends did that a lot when they were at school but they were never anything that he wanted to talk about, no matter how much they pressured him. Harry looked at them and asked, "Yes?"
(See the end of the chapter for
“Bloody hell,” John breathed, shaking his head in disbelief. “You’re amazing, you know that? I just thought he was a coward, forcing those poor people to kill themselves thinking they had a chance when he was cheating.”
“It feels better already.”
Sherlock slumped further into the sofa, barely aware of John hurriedly catching his tea mug and placing it on the coffee table.
“Ok, let’s hear it. Only I’m warning you right now I won’t let you turn our flat into a miniature surgery. There are some things I’m just not qualified to do.”
“Love it. But- That’s it? I haven’t even introduced myself yet and you’re agreeing to a date?”
Sherlock turned onto Baker Street and stopped, John running into his back with a small gasp before jerking away. He narrowed his eyes at the police cars parked across from 221, part of his attention on John’s recoil.
He handed the mobile back, smiling.
“John,” Sherlock greeted, draping his coat over the back of his chair. He unbuttoned his suit jacket before sitting down, revealing a tight purple shirt nearly on the verge of indecency.
“That’s…”
He fiddled with the packaging and ended up holding something that looked like bandaging in a suspicious shade of golden-brown.
. It’s your gift to do with as you like I suppose. Only use it for its intended purpose at least once before destroying it, yeah?”
“I knew that was too good to last,” John muttered as he stood up, very little heat behind his words. “Alright, where is it?”
“Angelo’s, seven o’clock, and then an address,” John reported. He looked at Harry in astonishment. “Apparently I have a date tonight.”
“Sherlock? Sherlock, are you feeling well?”
“He’s been stealing from the tenants to fuel his drug addiction, obviously.”
Lestrade looked cautiously optimistic. Sherlock stared. For all his remarks to the contrary Lestrade was reasonably intelligent. It seemed he’d considered the events of the evening and come up with something resembling the truth.
I like, but I tolerate it because of you."
“Sherlock, dear.” Mrs. Hudson was at the top of the stairs again. “Did you have to be so rude to poor Doctor Watson? Sending a man off in a cab like that is no way to end a—” she hesitated, glancing around the flat— “an evening.”
“Who’s this?”
He thought he’d been getting better lately at identifying those moments when he most needed to treat John’s concerns seriously instead of brushing them aside as things that would only slow him down. In this case, it didn’t take a genius to read the weight of caring written across every inch of John’s face, but Sherlock would not lie to him. John deserved his honesty, even if he might not like the answer he received.
Sherlock cleared his throat. Now they were both staring at his hands. This entire scenario had worked out with far less protest from John in his head.
There was an unfamiliar jar stored beside their tea things, a more familiar logo emblazoned across it. Sherlock narrowed his eyes at the jar. Honey, of course, judging from the color and consistency, it being housed with the tea, and John’s newfound obsession with honeybee-related products from the online store Molly Hooper had irresponsibly helped him locate. The lack of crystallization meant that this was a recent addition to the flat, and Sherlock tried to remember the number of times in the past week John had made him tea with honey instead of sugar, or gave him buttered toast with honey when Sherlock admitted under duress he’d yet to eat that day.
“Order more, John. I prefer it now, actually, enough that it’s become inconvenient to have tea outside Baker Street. The taste of commercial-grade honey isn’t near as good.”
good,” Sherlock agreed.
He spoke right over Sherlock’s muttered “When is Mummy
The coffee survived the rest of the trip to Bart’s where Molly was more than amenable to loaning Sherlock her phone and promising to set aside a nice forearm for him in future. It occurred to Sherlock as he was texting Jennifer Wilson’s number that Molly would have been a good candidate to “date”—her starstruck crush covering any multitude of sins when he inevitably slipped—but he didn’t want to sacrifice their current relationship in the fallout. It was useful to have a friend in Bart’s morgue, generally and for his role at the Yard. He’d still have that after “breaking up” with Molly, but it would be tediously awkward and Molly was bad enough already.
It didn’t matter how many times Sherlock deduced him, John never stopped being astonished.
“Better quality than his clothes, which are tailored well to hide that they’re older. A man like that wouldn’t spend money on a new Breitling from last year’s Winter Collection. Who, then? No wife, family and friends buy for his daughter instead. Must be a work anniversary gift. A year is too soon, even for employees who pick the dead leaves from his office plants. Two years places his hire date during the crisis and being indebted to Sir William explains why he replied to my email within two minutes of receiving it.”
“If you’re on-call for the police, you must be good.”
“What?”
“You wore that plaster for over half a day, which is half a day longer than you normally wear them when you aren’t bleeding and don’t think you need them. So you can’t say I’m wrong for thinking bees provide a bit of positive reinforcement.”
on it, I—” John cut himself off and sighed. “
. I know you can pull a man if you actually try. Here-” She started scanning the other patrons of the cafe around them, obviously looking for a likely mark.
“Really?” John cursed himself for not knowing the proper way to react. “That’s, er, great. Isn’t it?”
“And here’s Angelo.”
“I—” John swallowed, the hair at the nape of his neck prickling in anticipation. “Yeah. I’d like that.”
Sherlock’s choice of venue was a cafe, inexpensive and casual but not a chain, and nobody looked twice at him or offered a candle, which was a relief to John’s nerves. He’d timed it better, or maybe Sherlock had anticipated him, because the other man swept in just as his tea was delivered.
“Fine, but I get you in the divorce.”
“Sentiment, Mycroft?” Having accepted the situation did not mean Sherlock intended to forgive his brother for delivering the bad news personally. “What happened to caring not being an advantage?”
“Feel better?” John asked from his chair when Sherlock stood up, heat pack in hand.
“Yes- Sir William’s office. The bank’s Chairman. He’s on vacation in Cebu, or he’d have had an unpleasant shock yesterday morning.”
De Kleine was as exacting with his calendar as he was with his pruning. The day the message had been left at the bank he’d visited an address in Chinatown, a recurring appointment that fell whenever he returned from overseas. John trailing eagerly, they left the crime scene, though not before Sherlock overheard Donovan hiss “You
, what had she been trying to say?
Sherlock smirked and raised a hand, summoning the man himself to their table.
Sherlock swallowed down his correction with difficulty. No need to question a favorable reaction when it suited his purposes. Instead, he held out his empty hand.
Very slowly, he shook his head.
Sherlock’s grasp on the morality of lying was dubious at best. For the Work he had, and did, use every tool he possessed to gather the clues he needed for his deductions. Before John this had never bothered him overmuch, but gaining a friend had taught him that sometimes it was necessary to obey and respect the unspoken line in the sand, not step over as he so often did. He’d never have John’s morality—that quality that so frequently ruined his attempts at lying because John legitimately felt bad about misleading others, distressed or not, and frequently sabotaged himself with his guilt. But Sherlock had come to recognize that honesty was as important a tool, if not more so, than lying, especially when it came to John Watson.
Mycroft straightened with a pleasant smile and made his way back to the sitting room door. He quirked an eyebrow and vanished around Mrs. Hudson as sound filtered back in and the world started moving again.
John always identified usage within seconds of encountering Sherlock, up to an average of 34.62 minutes after prior application. Despite that the balm was barely noticeable even with ideal lighting conditions, six of those previous times had been under harsh fluorescent lighting similar to that at New Scotland Yard.
“Since the honey came in the mail a couple of days ago.” John giggled. “Greg said it’d be a bloody miracle if eating it made you even a little less likely to break laws and ignore Yard protocol.”
Sherlock beamed and took a nameplate out of his coat, showing it to John. “Hong Kong, actually.”
Sherlock had known he would, but Molly had
“The money was to take care of his children, I expect. He’s sick with something, a chronic condition, perhaps terminal. That’s why he was willing to gamble with his life.”
“If it was that bad, why didn’t you say something?”
‘another,’ Sherlock?”
Sherlock pressed his lips together to distribute the balm more evenly and saw John’s eyes dart to his mouth before a pleased smile spread across his own lips. He reminded himself to check later if the balm left a sheen on his lips, though he thought it felt much less greasy than other products.
"You sure it will be fine?"
"I was already there getting my own. I hope I got something that you all will like," she worried putting down the variety of sandwiches and cold drinks she had brought.
The door to the flat opened and Harry's eyes shot to the door as a well-dressed man walked in. Umbrella swinging in his hand as he looked around. His pale blue eyes landing on the teen sitting in Sherlock's usual chair. Snuffles gave a few barks as he went over to Harry and sat near him.
"Sherlock and John, I talked with them, and they came with me here. Then I talked to the Detective man, Lestrade I think?" he said as he tried to remember if he got the name right.
Harry thought for a moment as he said, "I'm fine, just a little bruised.
"It will be fine Harry. we're thinking about taking you to the Lab's at St Bart'., Sherlock would like to do a few experiments with you," John said as he smiled over at Sherlock.
Harry smiled and nodded, "you hear that, find where he lives," Snuffles woofed and went over to Sherlock and sniffed him, getting the mans scent, "Where do you live sir?" he then asked the man.
"Harry," Sherlock said, his voice soft as he sat down on the sofa, "My brother has found your aunt and uncle," he began as Harry paled at the words, "We are not sending you back there," he assured before Harry could even think any more of it, "I have asked my brother to bring us some guardianship papers, they will only be temporary for now, but we will need the Dursley family to sign them. It will mean going there and seeing them. I know you would rather not, but John and I shall be there and I have no doubt that Mycroft will stick his fat nose into it again," he explained, hoping it was enough to reassure the lad he was not going back..
Harry moved as quickly as his injuries would let him as the smaller of the two men looked towards him. Their eyes met as the taller started to look over. The smaller gave a sad smile and then drew the taller mans attention to him once again. The small man kept the taller mans attention on his as he pulled out a knife and stabbed him repeatedly. Harry watched in wide-eyed fright, hands over his mouth to stop himself from scream out. Snuffles gave a low growl, understanding the need to keep quiet.
Sherlock perked up for a moment as he looked around. He saw an alley not far from the scene and walked over to it. He could hear a noise coming from the alley as he ducked under the tape and headed to the opening. John quickly followed him as well as Greg.
The detective moved to comply immediately, shaking out stiff legs. He didn't comment on the fact, John had called him nothing but Sherlock since he had unpacked his bag.
Before Sherlock could prevent himself he reached over and kissed John, but the Dom seemed to have seen it coming as he reached out, snagging Sherlock’s curls in his gloved fingers and forcefully continuing the kiss and more importantly taking control of it.
“Excuse me, sir?”
“What implies I know him well?”
He twisted it to a point where it would hurt if Sherlock fought. Instead, the detective just glared at him.
John looked on fondly. "How can one man be so very child like at times and so very, very not at others. I mean, looking at him right now, would you image what we were up to earlier today?"
"Babe, is this what you want?"
“Finn did it too!” Sherlock complained.
"Don't you?" He snapped. He took the gag from Mycroft and wedged it between Sherlock's lips on his next complaint. John threw the cage to the other Dom, while he pinned his sub's arms behind his back. "Would you mind, mate?"
Sherlock covered his ears in dramatic wilful ignorance whilst John pretended he had gone temporarily deaf.
“You got to hold it this time.” The doctor pointed to the lime button.
"I don't know, Doctor Watson. It could be a ploy. They could be trying to make us feel sorry for them."
“You get one warning, boy. This is it. Just because I am not facing you does not mean that your hands can reach for your cock, if they are behind your head when I turn around we’ll say no more about it.”
Greg held his hand out to take Mycroft's.
Whilst Eurus was thinking about the question, Mycroft sneered. "Little sister, have you told Irene what happened to the last person with whom you had sex?"
"Yes, ma'am," one of the guards snapped as he went over to Irene and pulled her to her feet, then dragged her from the cell.
“Are you the queen?” Beth asked.
The detective was pliable, like clay.
In unison, Sherlock and Finn stuck their tongues out at the Holmes brother. A chorus of ‘Sherlock’s bombarded the detective.
John brushed his cheek briefly. "Being a good boy now, Sherlock?"
"Don't be a brat, Mycroft," John warned, slapping his other hand down on his white arse.
“So his anger is at surveillance that I wasn’t even aware of?”
The government official pouted in a remarkable imitation of his brother.
“Hmm. Get him off a murder charge, did you, Sherlock?”
“I don’t think I've seen you naked before, sir,” he whispered, shifting his head from the Dom’s grip and glancing at the floor. He could feel the blush around the back of his neck and behind his ears. He didn’t know if that in itself was more embarrassing.
Sherlock ignored the older man as he stared at him and held in his snort when John sighed. The blond used a finger in Sherlock’s collar to drag him from the seat and force him to his knees. As he moved to chain the cuffs to the floor he spotted Sherlock’s phone in his hand before he had a chance.
John snatched up the cock cage next, the sound already part of it. There was a long silver chain that ran from the tip of the sound, Sherlock was trying to figure out what it was all about before he found out the hard way.
He growled when the posture collar kept him from getting a good view. All of a sudden, he felt the need to fight. Sherlock pulled against the cuffs fiercely, ignoring how his struggles made the clamps pull at his nipples. Even so, the fucking machine kept up its relentless pace.
“You can practice kneeling in the middle of the room.”
John nodded. “We will do this a lot when I’m busy in here and you haven’t got anything to do. It’s a way to calm you down and keep you settled. You may also find subspace in the future just from this. And just because you didn’t get the paddle, it doesn’t mean aftercare can be avoided. Subs tend to ‘drop after punishment. They need to know they’re forgiven and so do you.”
John was panting hard, as Sherlock pulled out and tucked himself away again. "Yes, master."
“You will be plugged until further notice, pet. This is taking far too long and it isn’t even the main event.”
“Thanks,” he muttered, turning to route through his pockets in search of his phone. He had it earlier, he had been watching his sub run on it, after all. After going through each pocket in turn he tried again before looking over to catch gazes with a concerned Greg.
“How-”
"I'm not even trying to hurt you," she pleaded. "Please, just do what I say."
Soon, John had the detective untied and Greg heaved him to his feet. While the Superintendent held him in place, John started unbuttoning his shirt. When John got to the button of Sherlock's trousers, the detective began wiggling, he tried throwing the Superintendent over his shoulder, but he clearly miscalculated Greg's awareness of this situation.
Mycroft was watching in curiosity as his little brother sighed and went to kneel in the corner, his hands went to his head without further intervention from the Dom. After watching the younger sub in the corner for a moment, he turned back to face the doctor.
Every time he caught a dead one he came back and John pushed some chips into his mouth.
“He’d wet himself.” Mycroft didn’t sound spiteful, more apologetic. “He got punished for that and only after that did the bastard let him out once daily for the toilet.”
“Er, hello.”
“My god, she’s after you, too.”
Detective. The police consult me when out of their depth. I invented the job, so I’m the only one in the world.”
John’s entire body shook with the force of his laughter, curling into himself as he tried to stay upright.
“You know, anyone else would be angry.”
John’s voice was hoarse. There was a tinge of pink across his cheeks and at the tips of his ears. Sherlock suddenly couldn’t breathe.
With precise movements Sherlock tied off the scarf and tucked the trailing ends into his coat. He glanced at the cheerful yellow of the heat pack in John’s hands, the color brilliant in the rundown room, then returned his attention to the body.
His words faded into the background. Sherlock heard the clatter of the cabinets opening, the clink of mugs on the counter and then, unusually, the slam of the microwave door. He blinked his eyes open, not sure when he’d closed them, but couldn’t quite see what John was doing from the angle of the sofa.
Sherlock choked back an annoyed retort. The point of this case had been to impress John; he could hardly belittle his methods in the middle of it.
“‘Sherlock Holmes,’” Harry read, and some of her enthusiasm faded. “That’s not a real name, surely. He didn’t just…?”
“Do you think so?”
John’s mouth opened and closed. Taking the cane, he looked at Sherlock.
Sadly, any hope that Mycroft thought Sherlock had made the purchase himself and would subsequently leave in distressed regret over all of the meddling he’d done in Sherlock’s life was immediately crushed.
“There’s been a number of studies done lately on the wound healing properties of New Zealand Manuka honey. It’s also an effective first-aid treatment for burns.”
John made a noise part disbelieving scoff, part amused snort and started undoing Sherlock’s shirt buttons.
“I take it that means no new prospects, then?”
“My job involves on-call freelance consulting. You might not hear from me for days on end. Would that bother you?”
a four if there was legwork involved. John would see him solve a case, possibly run down a criminal. Perfect.
“How long have you been waiting to make that joke?”
“Better?”
Sherlock grinned.
“What?”
There was a click and Sherlock appeared.
Arthur’s mouth fell open and he gaped unattractively at Sherlock’s deductive spiel. The inappropriate pride John felt drowned out the self-doubt and insecurity from before, and the stab of confused envy at hearing his once-friend had a child.
Sherlock shook his head and accepted the wallet, still trying to identify what was odd about the situation as he looked over the contents.
Satisfied with the success of his mental exercise, Sherlock sat up with a triumphant grin. The flat was dark, the windows outside lit only by streetlights and the headlamp of a passing car. John had gone to bed hours ago, but he’d left a folded blanket over the back of the sofa just in case Sherlock woke up cold in the few hours before the early summer dawn.
Sherlock gestured imperiously to the room at large.
John laughed and held up the gun, pointing it at the window as he pulled the trigger. A little flame popped out of the end.
Sherlock bent to examine the unconscious cabbie, looking him over carefully before voicing his conclusion.
He was distantly aware of the tittering coming from behind him. With very little thought he could tell at what distance and from whom the noise emanated, but Sherlock ignored them to better concentrate on the woman’s body laid out on the floor in front of him. No signs of a struggle or bruising about her throat. Poisoning, perhaps. But, no, the mottled discoloration of her face and over her exposed skin seemed more consistent with—
Two days was an extremely fast observational time, especially for John who never seemed to notice when Sherlock followed him and still routinely overlooked some of the most obvious clues at crime scenes. Of course, even John couldn’t fail to miss the bright yellow heat pack Sherlock had been wearing about their flat, and it didn’t take a doctor of John’s skills to deduce why Sherlock might need it. But John’s immediate reaction on discovering Sherlock’s health complaint was to offer a better solution.
Mycroft flinched. Had Sherlock not been watching out of the corner of his eye, he might have missed the miniscule twitch of facial muscles. Shocked, he plucked a different string than he’d originally intended and startled himself with the discordant note.
John had shown interest in his casework, despite the frequently violent and gruesome aspects. An army doctor could hardly be squeamish, of course, but John's enthusiasm went beyond that.
“Doesn’t that look like the message at the bank?”
John stroked Sherlock once straight down his spine before patting him twice on the back and saying something that was likely affectionate judging by the tone of his voice. Sherlock hummed an absent response, too busy turning this new problem about in his mind to bother actually listening to what John had said.
The thought only added another layer of guilt and shame he couldn’t deal with, so instead he enjoyed walking cane-free and tried to imagine lunch the next day, each scenario more unlikely than the last. Cornering a notorious hacker in a cafe where he was posing as a waiter? Fish and chips in a seedy pub waiting to rumble Eastern European arms dealers? Maybe something cheap and satisfying from a food cart before stopping a top-secret information exchange.
Sherlock would have launched into his deductions from the bank—a threat in code delivered by someone unafraid of heights—and what he’d gleaned from the victim’s flat—smuggling Chinese antiquities judging from his area of expertise and the strangely-shaped impression in his luggage; he’d bungled a job, or taken more than his share hence the threat, refused to confess, and goaded his blackmailer into violence—but he was distracted by Lestrade’s incongruous body language, hyperaware after the unpleasant revelations at the bank.
“The government will seize that money. Your children will never see a cent. You’ve done all of this for
“Hang on, I just realized you’ve got a scrape on your forehead.”
“Sherlock…”
If they weren't there by then Sherlock would call them himself; Lestrade would deserve the verbal evisceration.
“Several times now you’ve expressed a belief that my interest in bees made me accept your gifts, that it makes me more cooperative in accepting treatment. But you’re wrong—”
Though the words he needed to get to the bottom of John’s current fascination with bees sat prepared and ready on Sherlock’s tongue, he couldn’t manage to make his mouth open and say them. He realized suddenly how close John’s face was to his own and how very earnest and blue John’s eyes were. His earlier anger had completely evaporated while taking care of Sherlock, the smile he wore and the lack of bite to his words making it clear he wasn’t really complaining.
He clenched his hands and stopped, turning his head slightly in acknowledgement.
“I’ll just leave this here and return next when John’s home, shall I?”
“No, hear me out,” Harry insisted. “You don’t
When Sherlock pocketed the tube John’s smile grew wider, though he immediately tried to hide the expression by taking a large gulp of his coffee. They sat at the table together, John working his way through his lukewarm coffee, until Sherlock saw his mark, John right behind him as he flew out the door.
Sherlock didn’t bother dignifying that with a response, letting his body go limp to slump back against the sofa cushions.
John laughed and picked up the jar of honey.
“It’s a suicide,” Anderson hissed from the bedroom doorway, where he’d been bristling whenever Sherlock came too close to the body. “Some posh city boy lost big at the races and offed himself.”
John remained standing.
,” Sherlock spoke before his flatmate could begin boiling over, “is that for nearly anything else your observational skills leave much to be desired—” He ignored John’s sputtering denial. “But when it comes to my health you become frightfully observant, and I find that I… don’t mind.”
“Smuggling antiquities to fuel his gambling addiction, which you might have noticed if not for your
them,” Sherlock corrected, “I saw.
Mycroft raised an eyebrow—too conceited to ignore the chance at another parting shot—and left. The instant his back was turned Sherlock leapt to his feet with his violin and played through the opening notes of Saint-Saëns’ Caprice-Valse, Op. 76 just before the downstairs door closed.
It was always like that with John. He might start out enraged to the point of shouting over the extent of Sherlock’s injuries, but over the course of treatment his fury would slough away until it had either lost most of its force, or it had been condensed into a form that had him lashing out with barbed comments he might have only incoherently stuttered his way through before.
Ah, yes, John’s email trash folder held a confirmation of shipment for the honey dated from the beginning of the week. That John had hidden his guilt over feeding Sherlock a new brand of honey without telling him beneath his misgivings over not inviting Sherlock out seemed uncharacteristically disingenuous of him. On the other hand, Sherlock himself was guilty of having secretly fed John things that might be considered by some less innocent than expensive, locally-sourced raw honey.
This was clearly the best game ever devised until… Rosie went quiet and still. She blinked a slow blink, then smiled a satisfied smile.
“Sherlock? I’ve brought your clothes,” he said. “We’ll bring something clean for you tomorrow.”
Sherlock lifted his tail from the water, which cascaded from his graceful limb. The pearly fluke of his tail waved, displaying the small tear in one side, before Sherlock smacked it down again, sending up a great splash.
“It’s fortunate I speak Watson. Anyone else would think you were babbling.”
…she was being cuddled by her daddy, who, after a long day doing locum work, had gathered up his child, tucked her fuzzy head beneath his chin, and breathed deep in hopes of untwanging his nerves and slowing his heart.
“Fuck that.”
Under the stars on a big hard rock
“I used to be a programmer,” said Caleb, “Pretty sure I could write some kind of algorithm to find out.”
“Tis fit. We are England, we are this firmament above, and we are fresh born into this, our other Eden, our dreaming life. New born not innocent, but wise.”
“If I’m to have a doctor, I’ll have one that’s competent, thank you.”
Harry nodded. She passed him the remains of her cigarette.
Mycroft is taking a brief respite. He's definitely not hiding. Sherlock and John aren't hiding either. They're just enjoying a little man-time in the garden shed.
“You’re a pest, Harry Watson,” he said dourly.
“My earth, your sky, kiss at the horizon. But we are men, and I have a fancy to mount thee. Or be mounted.” Richard’s grin was devilish wicked. “A more perfect consummation than horizons can provide, at any rate.” He nipped at Khan’s jaw and squeezed his love’s prick and licked a pebbling nipple before, laughing his earthy joy, Richard stood apart, chin high. The slightness and unevenness of his form did not overshadow his warrior strength, his regal poise, his spirited and playful confidence.
And all was well and happy in Baker Street, until the following morning, when Rosie wanted Buzzy Bee.
“They leave me,” John said. “They all leave me.”
“Are you going to deflower me, John?” asked Sherlock from under long lashes, kiss-blushed lips that were parted and panting.
“Too little. That’s not good. Put them in your shoe, and the pound coins in your back pocket. You’ll be better balanced.
And that man? He's sure nothing is gonna change.
Greg leans back again, and kisses Mycroft softly on the mouth. “No mistake,” he says.
As he ran, John felt Sherlock’s heart beating beside his own. He felt Sherlock’s sharp breaths and his fear for John. Felt him in his immortal soul.
consulting princess in the whole damn winter festival.
“You’re a good Papa,” said John, and laughed along with Rosie at the next face bounce.
bones lay there after all: the mortal remains of Richard-that-was – the first life that led to the many lives that led to John Watson, who had sought the soul of his beloved, Khan-now-Sherlock. Those bones, discovered bound in a pitiful grave beneath a slab of concrete, were now buried deep beneath a block of alabaster. A prettier and less despised grave, but no less dead for all that, and so brutally come to his end, too.
“Aye. My Sherlock grieves for my suffering. As I have grieved for thine. These ends to which we willingly came, came yet at a hard price.” Richard’s good hand folded over Khan’s, which rested on his chest. “I understand him, though. If I knew how I might have spared thee pain, I would have taken any risk for it.”
“Is that why you came to look for the knife?” Sherlock challenged him. “Because you felt bad that my sister died and your family covered it up? How did you intend to go down? Oh. Oh of course. You didn’t.”
He’d read the same file four times and not absorbed a word when he finally gave up.
“I… ah… guess not.”
Although Sherlock tries not to take Rosie’s toys with him, well, somehow, Buzzy Bee has gone on most of Sherlock’s trips from home. So, come to that, has John’s watch. At night, Sherlock will Facetime his family, read a story to Rosie, then goes to sleep with the ticking of the watch and those solemn, friendly bee eyes to keep him company.
“That’s right, sweetheart,” laughed John.  Harry and Mycroft emerged to find John pointing at them. “Uncle My wants a fuddyguff.”
John didn’t reply.
“Stop this
Slow, sure, patient, precise, Ford had been stalking information for years. Mountains of data on the final messages; on Martian weather patterns and detailed topographical maps. He’d pursued dozens of theories to amass leads and map them against the data he’d collected.
John stared at the back of Sherlock’s head. He swallowed hard.
, it began.
“Hush now, John. Ssh. We’re safe now.”
John rolled his hips. Sherlock arched and moved to meet him.
“Nah, it’s good. I'm already covered in snot, and I’ve been shat on by babies before when I was little. John in a nappy was a terror. He was worse later when he could walk. He’d kick it off and go running around the house with a bare arse trying to climb all the furniture. I’m not sure he’s changed that much.” She said this just as they reached the flat.
In baby Rosie’s parade of favourite toys, Pocks the Fox spends most time at the pinnacle in the top three. The other two places are on rotation between SkellyMonk (the plush monkey in a skeleton onesie) and Buzzy Bee.
Almost none of them died, especially here in Great Britain with its NHS and access to top quality medicine, clinics, specialists, all practically on the doorstep of every home. Not like some of the countries he’d lived in, been posted to, where some villages were hours or days away from qualified medical professionals. Where affordable health care just wasn’t. Where the poorest people often lived in crowded conditions in poorly made houses with inadequate ventilation and coal fire stoves that made the atmosphere unhealthy for everyone, let alone for vulnerable little undernourished infants whose tiny bodies shook with fever and cried only weakly, hardly able to breathe for congestion and hunger, and he’d seen all that and done the best he could (he still donated regularly to
They dozed for a while, and woke to share more languid kisses, then managed to get into the shower and lathered each other up and called each other Husband. Wrapped in soft bathrobes after, Sherlock sat against the headboard and John made himself comfortable against Sherlock’s chest. He held Sherlock’s arms around his waist and examined the pretty shine of their gold bands.
“And I,” swore Richard, with the softest sigh.
“Right. So those are his head and mane. And there’s Beta Leonis at its arse end.”
“I stopped lying down.”
Where does the good doctor stand in all this?
Sherlock closed his eyes and looked away, and then suddenly back. “John. Is he…?”
The cigarette burned down.  Harry took it from him, stubbed it out on her shoe and hid the evidence in her pocket, wrapped in tissues. From another pocket she pulled out a small air freshener and energetically squirted puffs of it all round the bed and towards the ceiling fan before putting it away again.
“Do you know who Edward Oxford was?”
The week ended with the arrest of an extortionist, a murderer and an importer of deadly South American poisons, and the rescue of a very fine lady named Mrs Hudson from terror and ruin.
Dishevelled, unshaven, hollow eyed, he sat on the floor beyond the sofa, tucked in a nest of blankets between the sofa and the bookshelf, his back to the wall. His music stand had fallen over – sheet music was spread among the rest of the detritus. He was tapping a driving rhythm on his bent knees with nimble fingers.
The guests kept themselves busy while Mrs Hudson stoked up the barbie and Mycroft and Greg went on a groom hunt.
“You’re a dill,” Mrs Hudson told him sternly.
Mycroft, fingers wrapped around Greg’s tie, insisted on the pash lasting half way through the next song too.
He picked up something from John’s armchair, turned and flopping into it. The something turned out to be Rosie’s rattle. He shook it, staring at it speculatively.
She continued to stare at Rosie.
He likes being a cop. He likes being queer. He wishes he knew better how to mix the two.
“Very much the theme song of the happy couple,” said Mycroft, holding his glass out. Greg refilled it and then sipped straight from the bottle while Mycroft downed that glass too.
Sherlock leaned down to kiss the top of her head and made his wish, or rather, a promise.
“I know. I know.”
Greg whistles loud and sharp as he rises and then in Amazonian splendour, he grabs a threatening arm by the wrist, twists it behind Allan’s back and shoves him towards the bouncers who catch him neatly and throw him outside.
“Oh, cutting back the weeds, seeing how badly the old pile is teetering on its foundations. Your mother and I thought it was finally time to let it go. We’ve a few more months of work to do on it, but then we’ll put it on the market.”
She’d lived so much longer than anyone expected. She sang to herself. She reminded humanity that they could be more than what they were. Humanity had sent her songs when they’d lost her to a dust storm and said goodbye with a love song, too.
‘Thanks for your help on the Dickson case last week.’
“And how may we help you, Mr Holmes?” Her question had all the surface manners of a person well used to dealing with customers, and all the underlying steeliness of someone used to dealing with those who became repugnant at short notice.
But it was Mycroft’s voice that broke through. Mycroft’s voice raised in furious, heart-cracking anguish.
The unexpected visitor to the wedding reception is only half sure why he's here. Luckily, there are no-nonsense people around to help him see straight.
“Don’t,” he said. “No. Sherlock’s not. He’s fine. Not fine. But. He’s. No. No. You’re wrong. He’s up to his usual stupidity. Playing games. He’s on a case. He’s
Mycroft’s smile is tiny, yet pleased. “No. In fact... I’ve been looking for you.”
Sherlock’s breathing quickened. “You’re a serial killer.”
“Oh, hello! It’s you!”
“I had such ambitions for them,” he said softly. “I never thought they’d abandon all their prospects to come here. To stay
The almost soundless tread of his beloved’s feet on soft grass disturbed not his contemplation of this miracle. His gaze did not stray from the unexpected fecundity of his even less expected womb.
“I’m sorry.”
“What’s that?”
John almost dived for his daughter as Harry came in the door. When Harry turned her back to him, refusing to pass Rosie over, he almost snarled at her, until she said, “She’s just filled her nappy, and you’ve just showered.” She marched towards the nursery and John, agitated, followed in her wake.
"Rosamund Watson-Holmes-Morstan, you are not taking part in a
And then – the copper in him can’t miss this, even though Greg can’t see the man’s hands under the table – Mycroft gasps and winces in pain. The date leans closer and seems to be patting Mycroft’s leg. His smile is unpleasant.
“How many kinds of kissing are there?” asked Phillip, all sultry and seductive.
Rosie kicked her little feet. She pushed the bottle away from her mouth. Her blue eyes wide, she hiccupped. She waved her hands. Hiccupped again. John lifted her to his shoulder and rubbed her back.
“Most attractive man I know,” said Sherlock. “In character, looks, personality. I tend to put people off.”
Sherlock played his violin for John; told him about old cases, from before they’d met. He read to John from terrible books, and from the case files. Neither of them took in a word, really, but John settled more easily to the sound of Sherlock’s voice.
John Garrideb, formerly Jimmy Winter, looked into Sherlock’s eyes.
“I made a promise. Go. I have to think about this.”
“You don’t want me to…?”
Another tiny flinch. “Someone called and asked some questions. About what happened back then. About.” He looked down, then up. “What she was like. Human interest, they said.”
“And a pub, but I think the café is best for today’s purposes.”
John was leaning against a the wall – mostly to stay upright despite his wobbly knees – and grinned at him in a besotted fashion.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Bother the theory, Sherlock. The books can only tell you so much. The rest is between parent and child. You and John both lost a woman you loved very much. Rosie lost her mother. She may not be old enough to talk about it, but she knows. Babies can’t articulate, but they feel. Forget the books and the mumsy blogs or whatever they’re called. Rosie needs to feel safe and loved, and you both need that too. You just do what you feel is right, as long as Rosie is thriving. When she needs something different, you’ll know.”
“You’re playing with fire, son,” said Han admiringly as he came up on his son’s other side.
“You want me to tell you what happened that day,” Leandra said. Her voice was flat. Not angry, but not calm.
Silence.
“Champagne for you love,” Greg said, handing Mycroft a glass and filling it from the bottle in his other hand. “Sally’s nicked the scotch. Looks like she’s conspiring with Angelo and Mike to introduce karaoke. Who put those clowns in charge of the music anyway?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes.
“She would.”
“Why is she doing that?”
Rosie was waving her crocheted duckling around in her hand.
“She likes to be held when she’s fed. You didn’t leave her in the cot?”
“Good.”
“Stop talking, you’ll get me out faster,” Sherlock called up to him.
Greg pulled Mycroft close again and they enjoyed a long slow pash as Sally finished the end of the Ceberano song and Molly insisted that she wanted to sing
He opened a channel to Opportunity’s frequency – he’d programmed it into his helmet out of sentiment rather than expectation. Maybe the sun had begun to wake her up. Maybe Opportunity could hear him while she slept.
It’s for him; a reminder of who he still is under the suits and jaded worldview. Once or twice a year, at unpredictable intervals at open mic Queen nights, he revives the wild boy of his youth. The sexual adventurer, bi and proud and full of the joy of possibility. As he grew older and got responsibilities all of that went away. This is what remains. It’s bittersweet. Bi is not the only way Greg is queer. He loves this too. Heels. Lingerie. Lipstick. Gendersmeared and pretty. Gay or bi his colleagues at the Met may well accept, but what he does at the clubs when he can is, he knows, a step to far for them to take.
Finally. Quiet. Calm. Just the four of them at last.
“On our way!” John called back. Sherlock stopped to kiss Rosie’s forehead, ran his fingers, as was his habit, across the red coat hanging on the hook by the door, next to his Belstaff and John’s coat, and was on his way.
“You’ve been busy,” Sherlock observed with a glance, before taking another bite of dinner and returning his gaze to the sleeping baby. John ate one-handed too, his other hand resting on Sherlock’s knee.
John edged over to the well and looked into the darkness. “Sherlock, have you found whatever the hell you were looking for?”
The claim drew an awful sound from Mycroft, and he nearly fell from the chair again, trying to reach that vicious little snake, determined to strangle. Gouge out his eyes. Whatever it took. Greg Lestrade was already there, dragging Smith to his feet by the scruff of his neck.
Somewhere beyond the hedge, Rosie was protesting, “No! No! No!” and Sherlock was making cooing noises at her. “Let Papa hug you. That’s better.”
“Cool man. It’s a long story, but it’s cool. I’d have asked a guy I know, but I didn’t want to upstage Mom. I’m not that much of an asshole.”
“I don’t mind that,” she conceded.
“Really.” John grinned at him. “Cutest kids on the planet, you and your little friend.”
And so another member of the extended family ensured John and Sherlock were fed. Reminded them that they were not alone in this.
, Johnnie. Now, are you going to let me in or do I have to kick you in the shins?”
“Mycroft, what…”
John whirled, brandishing a book in each hand. “This is a book on neurology and the causes for common diseases, symptoms and treatments,” he said defiantly. “This one is a detailed anatomy of the human skeleton, its diseases and injuries and how to set broken bones!”
Sally sighed low and long and folded into Molly’s arms, and Molly rubbed her cheek against Sally’s beautiful coils of dark hair.
John nodded stiffly and cleared his throat.
She was his first crush, the little robot that could. Her sister Spirit had been an inspiration too, but it was plucky little Opportunity Rover who captured his heart. She was already 12 years old when he was born, and he was only three when her controllers gave her up for lost.
John Watson standing over Culverton Smith, his expression more murderous than even Mycroft’s own had been, roaring as he drew back a foot and kicked Smith in the ribs as Smith dragged himself away. Watson kicked again, grunting, unreasoning with desperate rage.
