"Shhh, love," John murmured. "I'll give you everything you need, you just have to ask." Scrutinizing those sea-glass green eyes, however, John spied only confusion. In a flash, the doctor intuited Sherlock's dilemma. Empathy flooded John's heart. "You don't know what you want, do you, baby," John whispered, strong face offering calm. He ran his strong, competent hands over the planes of Sherlock's cheekbones, and torso, and neck. "It's like flavours of ice cream. If you've never had it, you don't know what you like."
of you. Savvy?"
As well, sex came with sordid spin-offs, a bit of sleaze. Just ask John. There was cheaply made porn, where wails of faux pleasure grated against even more objectionable soundtracks. Purple latex thigh-high boots purchased on eBay - in size 12. Multi-hued, gyrating sex toys, not all of them designed for one's pleasure. Safe words, and carefully crafted contracts. Same-sex...
"Ha! I think
"Ride 'em, Hoss!"
Sherlock snorted derisively. "As if you could. Your acting skills are appalling." He tried to keep his own burgeoning jealousy out of his voice.
"Blackbird" (The White Album) - The Beatles, 1968
already, lost in pain and fear and desperation, John howled. The vision shook him, and slapped him, screaming so fiercely he sprayed spittle over the bloodied planes of Sherlock's face.
of course, they were too far away to reach. "Sherlock, ehm, I need the loo. Can you pass me my..." John gestured to the offensive equipment in question. He felt mucous dripping out of his left nostril. He ignored it in the desperate desire to flee. "Hurry up, yeah?"
"Nonsense, John, what happened with your body was normal. They only response to my...
, I am staying, I luuuh -
www.nytimes.com/1990/05/14/arts/review-art-after-a-much-debated-cleaning-a-richly-hued-sistine-emerges.html?pagewanted=all
John scrubbed his face dry with a forearm, dismissing the foul taste on his tongue. He needed to get himself sorted
Sherlock flattened his lips, perhaps to capture rash words lest they escape before audit. He remained quiet, countering John's intense scrutiny with his own piercing gaze. The detective took his time with his perusal. Sherlock's eyes lingered over the lethal grasp of John's hands; the precise geometric angle of his head, the pitch of his back. John's demeanor spoke volumes. There was nothing the man could conceal from the detective; they both knew it.
Sherlock had skipped dinner the previous night, standing vigil in the hospital waiting room. At any rate, his hands had been clean of any sweet or savory substance. Therefore, John was commenting on the taste of his
"No. Precisely, Lestrade. Indeed," Sherlock sniffed, "I've recently deduced that John has a plenitude of information that would benefit him by divulging at this time, in this room. Three long years of tidings, in fact - if I am not mistaken - and I never am."
Whilst Sherlock stood bare-arsed and scheming (debatin the most feasible methods of bribing his brother to procure a state-of-the-art 3D printer), John tossed his kit on top of Sherlock's and hobbled closer to the bed. The little man grinned, twisting his torso to look at his lover. Frowning, John did a double-take. Sherlock wavered slightly on his legs, obviously lost in thought. His vacant, oscillating eyes and flat countenance were classic "I'm in my Mind Palace" tells.
Humans confess to loving chocolate cream, and puppies, and that one tall, dark bloke from the telly - that one with the long, wavy curls.
After what seemed forever, the doctor's body released from euphoria. John sighed, holding Sherlock to his chest. The larger man's weight felt comforting rather than oppressive, and so right. "I'd say that was lucky, don't you?"
Tender loving care, and then sexy times. Not very explicit in this chapter, just some arse-groping and kisses. The next chapter, though...
"Jesus Christ, I'm pathetic!" John bellowed around tightly gritted teeth. And, of course, as these things go, this was the precise moment that Sherlock burst into the room.
aware what it looked like. The snide insinuations made him squirm, and not just because he felt misunderstood. The idea of Sherlock choosing little old him as a lover send strange electric zings up his spine.
Sherlock abstained from self-scrutiny on general principle in the knowledge that he wouldn't care very much for what he saw. Ignoring the damage he left in his wake made life so much easier to bear. Now, though, things were different. Now that he cared. He loved John.
(See the end of the chapter for
a graduate chemist, you silly man, not to mention a detective who specializes in homicide. My expertise in the field of medicine in no way reflects on your own, and you know that."
"What?" the detective's eyebrows rose in consternation. "That's a ludicrous statement. You misunderstand what I mean."
To Sherlock's utter relief, John emitted a groan and roused, fluttering his eyes so that Sherlock glimpsed slivers of blue iris ensconced within reddish, bloodshot sclera.
John griped to himself simultaneously.
-"All the boys had were four pillows, one erlenmeyer beaker and two chocolate digestive..."
were becoming increasingly easy to use, rather like an extension of his body. Good for mobility, bad for his psyche.
Many of the individuals with whom Sherlock had shared eye contact (to be honest, each and every individual; the man never passed on an opportunity to deduce) found his pale, piercing stare both impenetrable and unnerving. John, addicted to danger, had unabashedly locked eyes, having met Sherlock less than a full day before.
"As in, whose regard?" John said, confused.
Sherlock, and I sincerely hope that you knew that already. And what's more important here is that John is your
"Are you referring to garbure?" Sherlock said, honestly curious. "I myself find it delicious; however, only when served with ventrèche. Your great aunt must have used duck confit. Then, naturally it would been gamey, and..." he paused, fingers unconsciously scrubbing across his lips, "distinctly greasy and dense on the palate."
Lestrade’s entreaty fell flat in the silence. "Holy hell, man," he snarled, teeth shining wolf-like white. "Now, enough of this business!" Sherlock flinched at Greg's impressive vitriol, skittering a foot further down the bench. He folded his long body in half, pale hands settled restlessly on restless kneecaps. The silicone straight-jacket made his skin crawl, but Sherlock didn't have it in him to care. He was too appalled at his childishness to scratch. Instead, his skin rippled like a dog's infested with fleas. Lestrade just went on, and on, and on. He pictured the DI in a pink bunny suit and beating a drum.
Having the benefit of long arms and a strong back, Sherlock artfully maneuvered John's body out of the narrow space without further incident. Once freed, John felt flushed from the gentleness of his touch.
Sherlock himself had certainly appeared serene in the aftermath, nuzzling John into a post-coital stupor with reverential kisses and whispered sweet nothings. His absence probably meant nothing.
I know that the idea of imaginary John's and Sherlock's has been done many times (and very well, I might add), but I felt it fit. I tried to keep this short and succinct, so as not to infringe on other writer's works.
. John had held back.
- "Dig a Pony", The Beatles
John gazed up at Sherlock stone-faced, and then giggled. "Inconceivable, yeah? If you say so,
"I said
"Flowers are restful to look at. They have neither emotions or conflicts." - Sigmund Freud
God, that's pitiful. Sorry.
"Sherlock!" Lestrade implored, nothing if not stubborn. “I sodding need something to go on. So, snap out of whatever this...” Greg gestured towards the  figure, “...is.” Sherlock flinched, all snark withering away. He slipped deeper into the folds of his coat, at once soothed. Despite the risk of further provocation, Sherlock flipped up his collar for camouflage. As such, he missed Greg's decreasing irritation and increasing concern.
Just what it says on the box.
The doctor understood Sherlock's reasoning, as the objectionable odor of menthol cigarettes wafted into the flat. The man had been smoking... a lot. Water splashed for several minutes from the toilet, although if Sherlock believed that he could hide the smell from John he was kidding himself. The smell repulsed John on multiple levels, primarily because of the detrimental effects of tobacco. In this particular case, however, smoke sent John reeling. Sherlock only smoked when what he really wanted to do was get high. John was vigilant about giving his friend a surreptitious sniff every day. If Sherlock had noticed, he'd never made comment. The detective wasn't going to get away with it now.
Ever the medical professional, John inspected it with suspicion whilst unconsciously checking his balance. The rag's surface was marred by a few small brown stains, but nothing that automatically screamed danger. Nevertheless, considering his flatmate's typical methods of research, he warily gave it a sniff. Nothing. There were no indications of moulds, toxins, acids, or other unknown... and possibly unsavory substances. The doctor deemed it tolerably clean, and therefore, permissible to use.
being challenge, yeah? But things are better now than what they were, and you have John, and he has you, and that fucker Moriarty is six feet under, and - " and suddenly Greg ran out of steam and slumped into the worn leather of the couch. "And Molly and I are now an item, and Mycroft's on a diet. So's all's well that ends well, Christ in heaven."
(See the end of the chapter for
How foolish to not have pushed aside the coffee table. Edging sideways on crutches felt ridiculous...and perilous. However, shedding blood, sweat, and tears - okay, the bit about blood was conjecture, John slowly gimped to the bathroom.
Sherlock's body remained vertical, and in motion. He grunted as he thrashed up and down. He rode on John's prick like a slutty gay American cowboy. The muscles in Sherlock's thighs visibly flexed, clutching at John's hips so as to no topple off the bed. His knobby knees were held at an angle, flipper feet sandwiching his blogger's. Yes. Sherlock sported flipper feet. He must have been an excellent swimmer.
Also, as someone who's dealt with "difficult stuff", life goes fubar before anything resolves.
"Healing yourself is connected with healing others." - Yoko Ono (yes, I went there)
it, wanting Sherlock to be your uh...significant partner, well
PWP. It's about time, yeah? The men get frisky in every place other than their bed. An additional 30 seconds of soul searching has been tossed in because I had a long commute and my brain wouldn't shut up.
"Shit on that, love. You are a genius, you are brilliant. You are my lover and best friend," John scowled, poking Sherlock's stomach. "Don't you forget that, no matter what stupid, thoughtless thing comes out of my mouth."
Flummoxed, Lestrade eyeballed Sherlock as he flounced into his bedroom, startling as he slammed closed his door. Never, never
The doctor nodded vehemently. "God, yes. Just let me get prepared." He licked his thin, reddened lips. "I'm so ready, love. So hard for you," John keened, "I want your cock. Put it in me, dear. I need it. Give it to me hard, like you mean it."
"Yes, you guessed it right enough. Oh, clever you," he tittered wildly, unconsciously clutching at his thigh. "Yeah. Yes. Sherlock and I are now together. Christ, it's about
"I'm okay!" John's voice echoed down the short hallway. "Carry on, carry on. Dropped the bloody shampoo is all. Not to worry."
Beyond the Pleasure Principle (1920)
Scanning the immediate environs yielded Watson a glimpse of dusty blonde hair tangled around clumps of detritus. Dark clotted blood soaked one edge. Squinting around the gloom to his right, a pair of standard-issue boots peeked behind a twisted steel joist.
asking. As if any of John's secrets lay beyond Sherlock's ken, what a ridiculously puerile idea. This is why, in the end (pun intended), that John had put to memory seventeen delicious positions in which one man could bugger another. There were five positions in particular that he fancied, four of which he'd like to give a go.
John liked sex for its variety, from receiving a fully-clothed hand job to rigorously pounding his partner into the floorboards. It was all good, unless it wasn't, but then even bad sex was better than a cold bed.
John lay writhing, slicked shiny with perspiration. Breath ragged and desperate, he'd clearly fallen victim to this naive sodding prat, the prat who'd promptly seized onto John's challenge. Now, Sherlock poised over John's heaving body with predatory glee on his face. The doctor lay utterly exposed, vulnerable to his lover's every whim. The notion was so incredibly
"Sherlock? What do you say? Just between mates us, yeah?" Greg bobbed his head appealingly, voice pitched high and hopefully nonthreatening. "Sherlock, are you hearing me?
- had done to his body had also destroyed parts of his soul. John's body language was all over the place, displaying fear (both for Sherlock
Sherlock met his eyes.
Actually, bolting
Pinking up, Sherlock put a hand on John's crutches, close to where John had them propped on high on his left thigh. "Do you mind if I move these?"
for a minute?"
Life is good when one's most vexing dilemma can be put rights in the toilet. And yes,
John just let go. He floated whilst Sherlock set about nibbling and suckling, carefully placing hot, feathery kisses across his mesmerized body. The detective reeled, finding the salty-sweet taste of John's flesh intoxicating. Sherlock had known that it would be; everything about John was delicious.
who had tripped, and the detective wasn't to blame...But. Sherlock swallowed down hard the bile burning up his esophagus. If he had just waited, or chosen an alternate route, or hailed a taxi. No. No sense in wasting time on "what-ifs". Dwelling on past errors of judgement was fruitless and illogical. He wasn't privy to the T.A.R.D.I.S., from that absurd BBC programme that John so enjoyed.
John giggled, inordinately chuffed. "I like it when you beg, you pushy git. I get off on it, watching you all hot and bothered for
John's Work began right here. Right now, in their bed. He fortified himself and dove in.
Carry on with the case, please." Sherlock fluffed up his curls, straightened his cuffs, and regrouped. "Focus on the facts - or, rather, thanks to the Yard's idiot blunders, lack thereof - instead of boring me with talk of my
But, John. He'd done this to John. Yes, John had argued that it was
"John," Greg murmured, subdued, "Sherlock has," he glanced towards the man, "at least between us, that is, been brave enough to speak of his nightmarish -"
- Sigmund Freud
A barrage of "fight or flight" chemicals crashed into John's bloodstream like a lorry blindsiding a cab.
Until he couldn't.
Sherlock tee-heed in delight. He delicately pinched each nipple until they'd stiffened into peaks on John's chest. "Ah...John, but a far
John gaped at his friend, flabbergasted. Where had this sudden equanimity come from? "No problems, mate. Just
Star Wars' least likely hero nodded so hard his ears flapped, and banged his staff. To John, the muppet looked more like a mouldering green raisin than an omnipotent Jedi Master.
"Nnnngh...uh huh. Superzherrr," John slurred. "Whash you said. Nighty ni-, I'm gonna shleep now," and off he dozed in post-coital bliss.
provided neither man reflected upon their mutual desires or spoke of the recent past. Even Mrs. Hudson resumed baking them scones, which Mycroft happily consumed by the dozen.
"Hee...hee hee heee...oh, God, I haven't laughed this hard since that first night - when I fixed your limp." Abruptly, Sherlock cast away whimsy for woe. "Oh, hell, John, I am sorry, I'm being an idiot."
John winced as he said this. He needed a stool for his wash-up so he could squat in the tub like an -
Greg sighed, turning back to Sherlock. "This won't be easy for you, mate," he gestured wanly, "and in light of your,
John shook his head vehemently. "No! Enough,
John sat, barely breathing.
"Please... enough for now," Sherlock panted. "Please stop talking. I've been biding my time for too long. This is...good. John, John... please."
"Self-harm - the world will come at you with knives anyway. You do not need to beat them to it."
: Standing Cowboy.
Having previously, and far too tenderly, in Sherlock's snarky opinion, prepared said arse for penile penetration (Sherlock's cringingly clinical euphemisn, not John's), the doctor doused their vital body parts with surgical grade lubricant, and nudged his cock slightly into Sherlock's furl.
John's penis embraced a far less finicky approach. It twitched quite happily, keen for that tongue to roam lower.
"But, this one time? She took a trip across Europe with her sewing circle, Jesus, the biggest bunch of old biddies you ever saw, swear to God, like a clutch of squawking chickens. And sodding hell, all the
**"Please come in" in French
Sherlock cried, jolting at John's ardent ambush. He instantly melted under the blazing heat of John's open-mouthed kiss, small wet tongue pushing past all his defences. The little man's hands released Sherlock's arms, only to clutch at his arse. "John!" he gasped,
Sherlock was more than an apt man, he was needed, desired. What did John himself do? He trailed behind this (gorgeous) genius with a cheap, stupid notebook, jotting down facts that Sherlock already knew. John's chance at greatness had come during the war, and he'd blown it. His body felt broken and...
John moved in, straddling Sherlock's legs with his own. They sat, noses rubbing, sharing breath. "Sherlock," he beseeched. "Just show me. I promise it won't change how I feel; Christ, how could it? We were pawns, you and I. Now the game's over, and done." He ran hot hands up Sherlock's chest, catching the rapid pulse of Sherlock's heartbeat under his fingertips. Cupping Sherlock's taut cheeks, John used his thumbs to wipe tears. "It's all going to be fine, love. Trust me to tell you the truth."
"Who doesn't, you git?"
"No!" Sherlock spluttered, eyes bulging out of their sockets. "I am
the specter of Yoda croaked in John's mind. "
The doctor shook, face jammed between couch cushion and backrest. Before hunkering down, John had spent several arduous minutes conveying clipped instructions to his consulting arsehole on proper foot elevation. As such, three strategically placed pillows now sat sandwiched between his legs, from groin to toes. It didn't seem to be helping. John shook and his breathing was audible all the way from the kitchen.
John was no longer afraid. He was terrified. This fit of tears, the sense of great loss...it made no sense. Sherlock chastened John in his mind. "Think! John, you're not being logical. This...this business of crying is ridiculous. You've given into sentiment, and you know what I think about
John rode to the flat in one of the numberless black Mycroftmobiles he abhorred. Despite the indignation of another quasi-kidnapping by Sherlock's brother, John quietly admitted to himself that the car's smooth, even commute circumvented any compounded discomfort. As it was, John was burdened with an ankle throbbing in tandem with his heart.
to be punished, John! I broke every moral code I upheld. I have blood on my hands that will never wash off," he moaned, scrubbing his hands restlessly on his trousers. "I didn't even care, anymore. All I could think of was
"John," Lestrade broke in quickly before things became further heated. "Look."
"I find myself rather disinclined to say," Sherlock cut him off quickly. "Clearly, at present I am fine. Now, can we get back to the - "
"John!" Sherlock bellowed loud as a bull elephant from the relative safety of the kitchen. "Get up! Lestrade requires your immediate medical assistance."
(See the end of the chapter for
." He nudged a thigh between Sherlock's legs, spreading them apart. The detective keened, thrusting up to grind against taut muscle. "Yeah? What is it, love?" the smaller man huffed, suddenly breathless, "tell me what you want." His hips bucked, cock slippery with pre-come and sweat. It fascinated John, the way his lover's body slicked up; pinked skin glazed in a film of sudden, and pungent perspiration. Sherlock's hide usually remained cool as a cucumber, skin powder-dry despite a bevy of internal stressors and/or London's hideously humid summers. When sexually excited, however, much to John's delight, the detective's eccrine glands shook themselves awake from their long hibernation to spit volumes of perspiration through his pores.
You know what people say. It's not the size that counts, it's how you use it."
Sherlock bellowed so ferociously John's inner ears pulsed in tandem. His spine arched back, head circling his shoulders. The doctor dropped, back smacking into the table. John was too busy tugging on his penis to pay attention to insignificant things such as balance. His right hand raked through his hair until it froze, fingers crushing into a fist. The doctor squeezed his eyes closed and screamed, thick ropes of come shooting out his cock. Semen splashed audibly onto the table, but mostly spilled across the doctor's heaving chest.
"There is something beautiful about all scars of whatever nature. A scar means the hurt is over, the wound is closed and healed, done with." - Harry Crews
even that sensitized area edged by golden brown fuzz. John's low, lower, lowest stretch of his abdomen...so very close to his cock.
John sighed at the memory of those pictures. "Anyhoo, Michelangelo worked out the bodily proportions of all these biblical figures to perfection. Every portrait rendered in perfect anatomical proportion. Bending and stretching..." his fingers bent around the man's shoulders, stretching to explore the flesh of his neck. "Also. Get a load of this. The frescos run along the whole fucking ceiling, Sherlock. It's not flat. It's made with arches, and alcoves, and naves. Genius, Sherlock. Utter genius." John took a deep breath. He had so very much more to say. "Just like you."
"All very well," the detective sighed, his chest heavy with dread, full lips trembling. "But, I am not sure if you are understanding the full picture, here, that is - with me. My body is decidedly disfigured. Look at me, the 'High Functioning Sociopath', the
John lost his bearing and dropped like a stone.
Waking up with a mouthful of hair is, as a rule, an extremely unpleasant experience - no matter how thick and lustrous, or gorgeous its owner. John's whole face had literally dripped with sticky perspiration the first time that the two shared a bed. The little man had spent a good thirty seconds spluttering about it before Sherlock snapped that John "Three Continents Watson" must have bedded
The flat deflated, crumbling inwards; square feet dissolving by the second. Sherlock's diaphragm seized up, inhibiting his ability to breathe. Apparently, claustrophobia was catching. The tall man scrubbed fingers over his chest, attempting to liberate his lungs.
be bad at Baker St. if you're attempting polite conversation about
that love really isn't your area. Please excuse me if I'm a bit...eh...dull, but I
The sitting room grew very still, the wilting second hand of a very ugly desk clock being only intentional movement. Lestrade glared at the piss-poor timepiece.
"Shut it, man," Lestrade cut him off. "Let's - let's try focussing on one thing at a time, yeah? We can chinwag all you want after you sit down." Greg half-guided, half-pulled Sherlock to drift forward; manoeuvering him back to the bench by his shoulders. "'Kay," he sighed in relief. "Now, breath for me, Sherlock. I can't have you fainting on me in the middle of this bloody deserted park. We're a bit far from my car for me to carry you." Lestrade snaked his arm between the backrest and Sherlock until he had a secure hold of the man's torso, strong hand nesting under the arch of his arm.
A scuffling of hard-soled shoes alerted John that he had company. He twisted his torso and spied Donovan, sourly calling in for an ambulance.
Greg warbled, not caring for the tremulous tone of his voice. He was now certifiably freaked out; and besides, in a bloody fuck ton of pain. The man's silvered eyes, unusual at best, juddered, tripping across the width of their sockets. Eventually, Sherlock's gaze slid upwards, meandering a foot over Lestrade’s spiked hair. Greg felt a sudden, pressing need to let go of his bladder. Sherlock wasn’t…
Fuck! John, I want you to fuck me! I want you fuck me so hard!" Geysers of thick white cum shot from his cock, splattering over both their stomachs. Sherlock wailed, ability to speak utterly lost. The doctor joined in with his own moans, nearly coming himself. A shit-eating grin decorated his face. He was going to. He had been given permission. He was going to fuck Sherlock Holmes!
"And as such," Lestrade plowed on, going for the kill, "I can only assume that you, John, have been as honest and forthco- "
He knew the streets and pathway of London. He'd chosen the logical route for the chase. Perhaps, a bit more thought should have been put into calculating the risks, considering the  number of pot holes vs. John's temperamental right leg. His route. His choice. John's woefully injured left ankle.
, the scars...they're awful. I'm ruined and ugly. I can't show possibly them to you."
All because of one rat. Why had he cried foul in the first place?
Amazingly, Mycroft felt guilty.
His heartache turned to into fury. Yanking Sherlock back around by his ossified shoulders, the doctor snorted, incensed. John cursed every ignoramus who'd purposefully hurt Sherlock and made him feel small. Forcing up his lover's elegantly sculpted chin, John pierced Sherlock's eyes with loving indignation.
"You see, John, this is why you are my blogger. You lay it all out on the line." Sherlock smiled, so profoundly in love with this man. Slowly, ever so slowly, the detective eased his lips down and brushed against John's temple. The little man shivered, pursuing the butterfly touch.
"I want it. I want that, yes. Incontestably, John. Do keep up. I want your magnificent penis up my arse," Sherlock hummed. He tilted to lick up John's nose.
"John. Before you...before we first met," he amended, "people were nothing to me but an irritating distraction from The Work. Emotions, sentiment, what have you, held no interest. There's no logic to love, I believed, and therefore, love had no use. I didn't go looking for something I didn't want or need. That would be a waste of my time."
, you have me. Hell, Mycroft was completely correct. I have no experience with sex, and I'm worried I'll do something wrong."
I think I found it! That feels - ohmygod. Holy fuck!"
"...my heart is, and always will be, yours."
"I'm not going to get bored!" an impertinent bass rumbled loud across the flat. "You fascinate me, John. Every day. You are an enigma, John! A conundrum! In fact, you annoy the ever...you irritate me because I just can't figure you out!"
"Yeah. I need you to stop sitting shivah, or shall just I cover the mirrors?" John sniped in misery. "I'm not dead yet. Just...go do something. Go piss off Lestrade, or blow up the kitchen. Please," he groaned. "I've been here before. I can handle the pain. You, on the other hand, are becoming unbearable."
Looking chastened, Sherlock frowned. "John, you should have said! Let me - " He gingerly lifted off John's body and spun around, dropping to his knees  to face John's. "Can I help?" He placed his large hands on John's legs, fingers outstretched, dwarfing the little man's thighs. He cautiously kneaded John's muscles.
"Sorry. I'm really very sorry I have to bother you with this, but I'd rather not wait all night at A&E." Feeling conciliatory, Lestrade turned off the desk lamp. "I'm pretty sure that I need my nose set. It's broken, and bloody damn grotesque at the mo'." Seeing John's weight shift, he said, "Stop. I'll bring whatever supplies you need to you here. That is," he grunted, "if you're up for it. It was rude of me to assume..."
The men sat in the kitchen, pounding whisky and devouring food. Sherlock marked the hour on his watch. John was more than due for another oxycodone, not that it seemed to be helping. John hadn't even bothered to take it. He wore his pain like a yoke around his neck. Sherlock desperately ached to do more than buy milk. Overwrought by John's dilemma, the detective could barely sit still.
"Sherlock," John prodded, hoping to avoid further drama. “Please come out. I need you here." The genius blinked twice, but then stilled.
John caught the obnoxious
Sherlock snuffled, peering at John from under wet lashes. His eyes glittered, blinding white light off the ocean.
Greg's next move came without forethought. His words instinctively spilled out, as every good man's sincere suggestions do...from the heart. If he was right, which Lestrade knew that he was, John had kept his own counsel.
- who starved, beat, cut, burned, and half-drowned the love of his life. He quashed the urge to let fly with a primal scream, load his gun, and grab the first available flight to the continent. John wanted to explode, but he couldn't.
The Sherlock Greg knew opted to spar with his intellect. Physical violence was such a predictable and pedestrian affair, a waste of his valuable time.
"Ick. I hope you have sanitary cleanser," John giggled. "I think I may have splooged on the lamp."
"Don't get all riled,
Let's begin with my feisty little hedgehog, John Watson. He is a military man, a defender of innocents. He's a healer, social interpreter, and stout-hearted best friend. John's lip is so stiff I'm shocked that he doesn't drool when he drinks. The man is pathologically polite, as well - even with Sherlock. As far as standing in queues is concerned, John was enlisted in the military. Enough said.
He took four slow, deep breaths, and went on in a much quieter tone.
Yet, a sense of foreboding distracted him, niggling and highly unpleasant. Something. Something dredged up from his memory. Something... something. Some
The genius merely shrugged. "It's neither here nor there, but simply the right thing to do. You had the right to name  your attacker."
The obligatory post-Reichenbach chapter.
It was impossible to think rationally at the moment. His nose hurt like fuck-all, there was a critical case going on, and here he was, trapped in the sixth circle of hell.
Sherlock closed his eyes and clocked out.
John continued to remove heavy oak splinters feeling slightly more conciliatory toward his reckless flatmate. Sherlock
John smiled ruefully, and spoke clearly despite his compromised diaphragm. "Greg, you've done so much. I think that we will take it from here. Honestly, I don't know what we idiots would do without you and your friendship."
The doctor yelped at the sting of sharp teeth biting into his shoulder. "Fucking hell! What...oh fucking
Right."
"Oi," Lestrade objected. "We've been over this, Sherlock. I'm not angry, or pressing charges, or any some such ridiculous thing. I understand why what happened...
"John," the detective's deep baritone dropped deeper, descending to basso profundo, "John, easy now. Take it easy, it's over and done. I
The little man rolled his eyes with a grin. He set about rearranging the pillows whilst Sherlock watched, attentive. Satisfied with the results, John used his lover's pelvis for ballast whilst sinking down on the mattress. Although he now lay at an awkward angle, the benefits outweighed the discomfort.
Here, Sherlock feeds John and they both get drunk. Interesting conversation ensues.
"Ehhh...
Sherlock must have slid it under his sleeping form before he'd left the flat. The idea disturbed the doctor further. For whatever reason, Sherlock didn't want to talk face-to-face.
One, two, three, four, and yes, number five to follow - not necessarily in that order.
“The remnants of pain left behind by every strong negative emotion that is not fully faced, accepted, and then let go of join together to form an energy field that lives in the very cells of your body.”
Dropping his glass with a thunk, Sherlock frowned. "Obviously, John. You've been rather repetitive in saying so, don't be dull. I know what you think."
Fire flashed from Sherlock's strange eyes, much to the doctor's relief. "Yes, together, but
Sherlock prayed...no, as a consummate athiest he considered this poor form, and crossed his fingers in the hope that Lestrade wouldn't see past his bluster. He watched nervously as the DI tripped and swore whilst navigating through a maze of tall grass. Lestrade paused before reaching Sherlock, opting instead to re-group. Placing blocky brown hands on the back of a bench, Greg leaned over 'til he'd caught his breath.
Epic fail on being non-angsty. Silly, yes, I think that this label still applies
"No! Honestly, what a supremely inane question, Greg. Why am I even surprised?" Sherlock wailed, hiding his face in his hands. The day had already been too long, and it was nowhere close to being over. Christ, did he want it to be over and done, a repellent sliver of time destined for deletion.
The detective could admit that, in no uncertain terms, he did indeed had blood on his hands - quite a bit.
John shivered, fumbling to snap up the lube's flip top. He loved when Sherlock talked dirty. His mouth was so very hot, and when those
Sherlock groaned. "John. Dear God, we must do this again."
"Right. Okay. Sherlock, please, I - shit, I don't know what I am doing, here. I mean, you've always been a bit of a mystery to me. In fact, you've purposefully cultivated that air of inscrutability. It's who you are." When Sherlock cocked his head sideways, John twirled his hand. "Remember, cheekbones? All those years ago, when I commented on how you flip up your collar to look cool?"
"Aghh...this isn't...shite. Christ. John, how much do I -"
My apologies to the beautiful wordsmith Elizabeth Barrett Browning (1806-1861) for the wholesale slaughter of the first three lines of "How Do I Love Thee", Sonnet 43. www.poets.org
"Piss off," the little man sniped. "I'm sorry if my interest in the case personally offends you." He deeply inhaled in preparation for a rant. "If it's because I wasn't - "
"In human beings pure masculinity or femininity is not to be found either in a psychological or biological sense." - Sigmund  Freud
"am,"
(See the end of the chapter for
(Skip one stanza)
Sherlock's long dreamed-of shag began poorly, by way of a pocket-sized finger. No, wait. Back it up. Way up. No, go back much further than that, you blithering idiot. There. Good. Jolly well done, you.
"I just...dammit!" John snarled. "Bloody fucking -
"I can only imagine how my behavior has been... perceived and interpreted." Sherlock peered into John's eyes with such wretchedness that the doctor felt his heart skip a beat. "When I have been at my most insufferable, John; that's when I have been at my worst as far as my ability to cope. I want to be clear on this point."
"Sherlock... wait" John grunted with effort, sparing some energy to get through to Sherlock with his words. "Hold still, you berk!" No response. "For God's sake, would you let let help you?" Sherlock whined high in his throat. "Sherlock Holmes! Will you just
"John?" Sherlock's voice wobbled uncertainly.
Greg needed to re-establish control, and right quick; the alternative being a quick trip to Bart's.
This being the umteenth extrication of his blogger through a doorway, John's extraction went smoothly. What followed this was anybody's guess.
"We are what we are because of what we have been." Sigmund Freud
The detective's face relaxed in relief, which quieted John's dread. There would be no more wrestling with libidos; return to the safe status quo. John started, however, as Sherlock's (luscious) mouth formed an unhappy moue. "Actually, John, I used it all up during an experiment. I'm afraid that the flat is quite absent of alcohol - unless isopropyl fits the bill."
"Greg!" John checked Lestrade's verbal train of thought.
could figure out the clues and solve your case."
me, you wanker. Right then.
*Taken out of context, but appropriate for my story line.
During the early years of consulting, Sherlock had been kidnapped and tortured by terrorists in two completely unrelated cases. Shaking and afraid, locked inside a dark corner closet of his mind palace, Sherlock learned to endure true pain. He'd suffered it, accepted it, and then pushed beyond it through severe psychological means. John had still been in Afghanistan; Sherlock had relied on himself (and the ever-present CCTV tracking of Mycroft) for deliverance. Watching John suffer made Sherlock speak Welsh.
(See the end of the chapter for
had touched on the sense of being useless now that he'd been injured. John's sorrowful sentiment was rubbish, of course it was! But had he, as John's partner and best friend, examined just how deep John's feelings went?
Sherlock shot straight up off his pillow, heart racing and ready for action. Two years of rough living had, by default, honed his fight-or-flight instincts. It now was a rare day indeed that Sherlock stirred without strangling a pillow. Sherlock registered, stomach sinking, that veteran John Watson did the same. He felt crushed by the knowledge...six years a civilian, and yet part of John was still in Afghanistan.
There may be typos...
Sherlock's large feet thundered down wooden stairs, interrupting John's reverie. He held two pair of track shorts and ragged (but stretchy) pajama bottoms. The doctor pointed at the pajamas. Sherlock tossed them over, and they both looked away.
"We choose not randomly each other. We meet only those who already exist in our subconscious." - Sigmund Freud
Officially, Sherlock had chosen to bottom from the top in deference of John's injury. John was comforted, though, as this added a measure of safety for his lover. They'd wanted this for so long, they both
"YES! Yes, a metaphor. John, as always, you are my conductor of light. You are brilliant," Sherlock beamed.
that would have hurt me would be indifference, or distain. As you are empathetic to the core, virtually incapable of exhibiting either behavior in the face of grave injury I expected nothing less than what you did. To be honest, John, the knowledge of how my scars would effect you was a decidedly strong factor in not revealing them in the first place."
"I stole those from Mycroft, where else?" Sherlock grinned.
"Nonsense, John. Don't be obtuse. You're five foot six inches on the nose," Sherlock sighed, wearied beyond belief with John's whingeing.
He drew breath. "And, I don't know what I'm going to do!"
"Just - stop. You know what I mean," John hedged. "Here we were, trailing after an armed man, and I...let you face this git by yourself because of a
clingy female partners with long, flyaway hair. The doctor had shot back that it was true; many of his past lovers had worn their hair long. However, not a one had limbs and the grip of an orangutan, or had used John's face as his pillow.
At this, the genius slunk into the sitting room, clutching John's medical kit. "No, so in accordance, I'm fine. We're all fine, apparently, isn't that lovely. Now, here. Set Lestrade's nose before he ends up scaring little children in the streets."
John peered at his watch.
*https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XfCa3wn37mU
As the haggard DI snarled, and swerved, and muttered unintelligible oaths, the car manoevered through the thick morning traffic. "God help me, it's like driving through a bowl of my Great Aunt Adélaïde's disgusting ham and cabbage soup."
Sherlock glared in mock fury. "Oh, do shut up. As I was saying, John, I use logic as a guide rule for all life's decisions. Sentiment clouds one's judgement and leads to inaction."
"So!" Greg cried, clapping his hands with poorly feigned enthusiasm, "What's behind all of the..." making tiny wiggling motions with his fingers, "weird lack of interest in the case? Even you have to admit that it's a good one. It's literally right down your alley, or very close to, yeah?" Lestrade nodded sagely in the direction of Baker St. Sherlock grimaced, twisting his lips in a moue.
The lighting petered out, the black spots morphing into iridescent pinpricks of light.
And, irregardless, relationships were 100% NOT HIS AREA.
"Oh, I don't know about that. Please continue," John said, patting his lover's shoulder - or, at least,
John had to to squash his libido and tamp down his lust. Their one-of-a-kind friendship was too precious to lose. Sherlock was all that John had in this world, and if he mucked their friendship up over something as ridiculous as emotion...
What takes places immediately after the last chapter.
John gets a poke from his inner child
"You know what? Let's forget it. I can ring you a cab to go home. I
John's hackles shot skyward, along with respiration and pulse. Whatever this was, where
of a habit."
John gaped helplessly as Sherlock pushed past to the table. One, two, three...no, four bags of what looked
Sherlock stilled.
"No, wait," the detective protested, a moot point since he'd already prevented John's departure. "Listen. My testicles struck your abdomen with a slight modicum of too much forward momentum. My bollocks were compressed, but only a
"What, John? You've rudely interrupted my afterglow."
"And, then...what?" John sniffed, trying to not sound sarcastic. "I pop into your life and...what. If relationships, and/or
It pulsed twice in his fist. John took this as a sign of encouragement.
John gaped wide-eyed at the genius. He pushed up against the headboard, summarily crushing his pillow. "What?"
Sherlock interspersed his praise with soft, sucking kisses to said mouth, then his tongue...down to nipples, and abdomen, and thighs. He mercilessly teased John until John wailed "Sherlock!" and beat him about his broad shoulders and back. This was the sign he'd been waiting for.
a diplomat. John refused to be pandered to like an...idiot.
He had finally accepted the validity of emotion. Because, Sherlock Holmes (sociopath to the stars) experienced emotions, strong emotions, acknowledging them did have it's benefits. A new sense of humanity, perhaps, which provided the foundation on which he'd rebuilt.
have been very much worse, considering their headlong and violent descent. The boys fell in a perfect dead bubble of silence which burst as they slammed to the slate floor. In short order, three out of four Holmes were screaming, and one brave, battered Holmes lay in shock. Mycroft lay so still that Mummy feared he had died.
The doctor collapsed to the floor.
"Come here, you idiot," John said, pulling Sherlock's head down to rest on his shoulder. "Well, I love it. I love your bloody big brain, and your snark, and all of the other things you are. Everything you are, everything - that, I love. Yeah? Now, hush so we can snuggle in peace." Sherlock performed that inexplicable magic trick of his whereby he folded his six-foot tall adult frame into a size more akin to a toddler's. He hummed quietly, content in the protective shelter of John's arms. John combed gentle fingers through Sherlock's tousled locks, occasionally kissing his head.
Closed-caption cameras blanketed the flat and all of Baker street. The surrounding drug-dealers received hefty stipends. In addition, he'd dropped half a stone... and resigned himself to keeping his mouth shut. After all, he'd not done the legwork.
Sherlock. It was only ever about Sherlock, the mad bastard. It had always been about Sherlock.
"Shut your gob, you," John giggled. "You promised not to talk. Besides, I'm too busy concentrating on not slipping on my arse to pay attention, and you're distracting me." His boot dug a deep scratch into the floor. John's feet fought for purchase, to no avail.
"Wait," Sherlock blurted. "Something else. You experienced a second full-bodied event just now, completely separate from vomiting. Yes, I can see." He spun closer to John, peering around John's turned body for a second look. "Your face is different, not simply because of illness."
Without so much as a by-you-leave, John shoved both fingers in, knuckles grinding into balls. John shouted and bucked, shaking clumps of sweaty fringe from his eyes. "Bugger, love. You're sooo good. Fuck...fuck...Harder!"
God help him, John heard that infernal, wet smacking sound that a body emits during a high-impact collision with pavement. Again, and again - and
," John groaned, "I didn't imply that you were...being condescending, that is. I'm just having a bit of difficulty staying awake. The medicine, remember? It's been a long day."
"Oh my God!" the little man crowed; oh, how he adored his mad flatmate. "Get a load of that bedhead! You look like one of those trained cockatoos from YouTube! Come on, lovely," John pleaded, dramatically clasping his hands. "Do Elvis!"
Oh...he hoped that it was something simple like that.
"Mmmph!" John mumbled, pleased with the ferocity of his lover's mouth. He disengaged, giving a wetly satisfied smack. "Well then, love. Shall we continue?" A giggle burst forth from John's lips observing Sherlock's over-adamant nod. "Then, here we go." Without further ado, John pushed in. He basked in Sherlock's tight, liquid heat. "All good?" John nudged, just to make sure.
Whilst his ministrations felt lovely, post-surgical torment danced a vicious two-step across his libido. With steel-toed combat boots. In double time. For Salvo Stroke It to succeed, it'd be essential to do more than touch.
John screamed. He pushed away from the detective, sweeping the duvet aside. Most of it landed on the floor, along with two of the pillows. "Fuck. Fuck. Jesus
Ransom cases were bad, fucking awful, clocking ticking down and all that. Greg assumed that this was why he'd gone grey before reaching the tender age of forty.
John bit his own lip, albeit without breaking the flesh. His eyes flitted over Sherlock, evaluating his status, and how his own words would be taken. "Sherlock," he groaned, almost spent, "can we just go kip on your bed?" They were difficult, the things that he needed to say. John needed to say them, all the same. They might as least be physically comfortable, he mused. And he was so very, very exhausted.
Sherlock keened, the sound slipping from behind gritted teeth. Giddily, he meted out a one-two-three-plunge-and wiggle, spurred on by the significance of John's words. "Oh, love! Yeah, deeper's good. John,
are the mess... Jesus, Sherlock. I'm doing it again." His small hands clenched Sherlock's back.
Avoiding his eyes, John muttered, "Being hel - oh, bloody
A hot puff of air brushing against his ear. Sherlock's lips. Those lush, lovely lips, tasting so sweet. The man's talented mouth, sinfully toying with all his hots spots. Damn the man for divining them so quickly.
Okay...really epic fail on being fluff. Sorry. If you want fluff, stop at chapter 23
Sorry for the "blithering idiot" comment. I blame Moffat and Gatiss for this. Also, if any of the information regarding anal sphincters is incorrect, I blame Wikipedia.
Speaking of which, as an American I had never heard the word "judder" before. I haven't googled it, but am using in context according to how it has been used in other people's work. I hope I understood it's meaning.
"Fucking, fucking...bloody
but he'd kill for just one lousy, stale cigarette. Low tar would suffice at this point. Lestrade kicked irritably at the butts scattered haphazardly here and there. The thin, white butts seemed to taunt him with the promise of a nicotine rush. Greg wasn't so far gone that he'd snag one discarded cig for personal consumption...yet. Lestrade sadly fingered the left-over lighter in his pocket, the one he purposefully "forgot" to bin. This behavior was verging into OCD territory, but he didn't have it in him to care.
"I..." Sherlock gnawed on his full bottom lip, eventually pulling off strips of skin between his teeth. "It's complicated. Obviously," he choked out, a pathetic approximation of a laugh, "that's an understatement. Moving on, however, I believe that you're still due that apology."
Sherlock thought, recalling his mother's oft used phrase.
"Oh, I believe you," John managed not to snicker. "I'll be fine. I
John knew from vast experience that for him, rubbing one off wasn't as easy as giving a few halfhearted tugs. Snagging a questionably clean white hand towel which draped over the tub, John wedged it under his arse to cozy up his nippy bits.
proposal. His typically trustworthy legs felt as wobbly as those of a foal's, his intellect operating somewhere around Anderson's apathetic speed. John was providentially well-versed in the art of mollifying his misgivings, not that he'd often acknowledge the fact.
The hunger Sherlock felt for John raged throughout his body, wild and undisciplined. He yearned to return the favour, devouring John whole. And, dear God, the sweet little nips of John's teeth over his torso, and flicking licks of that hot, pointed tongue. "John! Oh, God, John! Jesus, your mouth! That thing with the tongue is surely illegal?" Sherlock groaned, lost in insatiable lust. "Please...again, please do it
"Mmmm. Considering your reaction to my proverbial 'spunk' ten minutes past, I find it difficult to rationalize your antipathy." Sherlock dressed and rearranged himself as he spoke, unconsciously assuming his consultant detective persona. "I shall leave said spunk as it is, and will speak of it no more. It would serve the morons at the Yard right if one of them put their foot in it," he guffawed, "particularly, Anderson."
And yet, here he lay sprawled on a park bench, apparently speaking in tongues.
The heavy feels show in Chop the Tree, Part 2
Sherlock. Stop! Jesus Christ, stop!"
"Love?" John blustered. "You love me? Hmmm. Right." He nodded, but not in acceptance. "You love me." This time, his words were delivered as a flat statement, as if he was unconsciously holding himself distant from the sentiment; refusing to commit to conjecture.
"Whoever loves becomes humble. Those who love have, so to speak, pawned a part of their narcissism." - Sigmund Freud
"Right. Sorry, I'm not trying to be condescending, or in any way indicate that you are a substandard physi-"
And when at last I find you,
It's always your way, Sherlock...and it's brilliant!
Did Sherlock
"In addition, the triggering of your autonomic nervous system, specifically the parasympathetic branch due to an unexpected source of stress is normal, and quite frankly, expected by myself. Between my...the body scars, burns and - "
Large and small, muscled and lean, the figures on the bed became lost in each other's warmth. Sherlock roped his long arms around John and yanked him tight to his chest. John clung to his friend even harder; arms flush to his back, hands fisted into his shirt. Heartbeats regulated and beat the same rhythm. Every thought and emotion convalesced.
"I'm so, so very sorry, Mrs. Hudson. That last was was horribly rude and absolutely uncalled for. How about a nice cup of tea?"
Even in his own head, Sherlock tended to pop all the "p"'s.
This story seems to revolve around John's toileting habits. Maybe he should run a personal UA at the surgery. Shattered ankle, crazy flatmate, and on top of that, a raging UTI? Folks, this is John whump in a nutshell.
that god-awful rehab facility-slash-madhouse Mycroft forced me into might has well have had "BEDLAM" carved over the door - I haven't thought back even once."
Also, I am reaally close to wrapping this monster up. I have five other works gathering dust and awaiting my attention. If *ahem* anyone is interested, please feel free to check them out.
"Come here, dear heart," Sherlock murmured against John's neck. "I want to see your face when you enter me," Sherlock sighed, the sound a declaration of contentment, "and to taste you. I have to have you, John. Christ, your lips, they..." The detective sighed again, his breath a sweet, heated caress against John's ear. "Do you know how very lovely your lips are? And, that thing you do with your tongue?"
"We are both emotionally exhausted beyond all repair, and for the life of me, I don't know what to do. I want to hold you naked in this bed and never get out of it again. You are mine and I am yours. No matter what has happened and how much we've been hurt, we will always be one with each other. What do you say, my brilliant conductor of light? You tell me. Is it possible to forget all our pain and be free?"
In fact, taking stock of his surroundings, how was this ridiculous stainless steel-slash-wood abomination considered appropriate for use by small children? Sherlock stuck a mental post-it on his forebrain: inquire with John as to what percentage of children sustain serious injury per year from playground use. Honestly...what kind of negligent parent allow their child to scale a ten-foot climbing wall?
Because of this, Sherlock's lackluster response provoked his ire. Whilst Greg appreciated, admired, and honestly liked his consultant, Sherlock's puerile antics grated on everyone's nerves. Today's inattention chafed one thousand times worse. The few words Sherlock spoke came across cruelly uncaring. He'd made the effort be heard over the clatter of shoes on dry chalk, but spoke absently, oblivious to the fate of three kids. Eventually, Sherlock's listless chatter ceased to register, Lestrade's mind wandering away.
"Look. Let's...can we start over? I need another pill anyway, and we both could use a minute to calm down. Go in the kitchen and turn off the light, and then we can talk in the dark. It'll be easier that way, maybe," John said.
John rolled over and stretched, too complacent to open his eyes. The lovers lolled, limbs pretzelled under the sumptuous, down-filled duvet. The doctor cuddled in close, serene and sinfully cozy. He was wake, but not yet firing on all cylinders. John strongly fancied a lie-in, and vague, random thoughts kept him amused.
John had three simple rules of dating etiquette. No shagging of: addicts, minors (no exceptions), and absolutely, positively no one in current possession of, and/or born with a penis. Not that there was anything
It was like this. The baby, naturally enough, was distracted. He'd shimmied up and half over the banister of their cottage's second-storey stairwell. Sherlock see-sawed aimlessly as he gazed, starry-eyed, at the beautiful beautiful fairy lights. He couldn't help it. Mummy had created such
John's eyes turned to the fire. He tracked a line of low electric-blue flame, licking the edge of one log. He wasn't gay.
Sherlock thought it, admitted it to himself. Whether or not he'd ever say the words, "Thank you Greg, for saving me, and I love you for it" would be another story, set aside for an entirely different day. And, in another lifetime, quite possibly. Expressing his true feelings to John had been a heartbreaking affair as it was. Enough heartbreak for a lifetime, as it were.
"Shut. Up!" Sherlock giggled. After all this, and he giggled? "Your bum is like two...ehm, mangoes!"
"John. I'm a little chilly. I'd like to keep my shirt on, if you don't mind." Sherlock risked a look at John's face, evaluating the effect of his words.
personal life?"
"Sherlock," John coaxed with an underlying hint of steel, "it's okay. It's all good. I said that five years ago and I mean it today. Please?"
"Just a moment! I'll be back!" Sherlock promised voice fading as he fled towards the loo. He had something more pressing to deal with than locating one bloody plastic spoon.
Come together,
willing to experiment with a variety of
John inhaled sharply as he stepped to the rug. Sherlock noted the soft noise, and turned to stare at his flatmate. "The fire...got big very fast," John commented, carefully minding his path to the fireplace.
Why in God's name had he brought it up
"John...that's barbar -
John squinted, peering up at the person.
Sex isn't a cure for distress, but it's a lovely, lovely distraction!
Sherlock's face paled. He felt embarrassed, and petrified, and unbearably ashamed of his actions. Snapshot images flashed before his eyes: Lestrade gawping as he rambled on in Serbian, and then, Holy Jesus Christ, landing a blow. Sherlock wanted nothing more at this point, than to crumble up and die, turning to dust.
The men's melee was unbelievably loud and extremely inappropriate for the setting. They would have garnered a whole host of attention, not to mention several squads of policemen, if only there had been an audience to pay heed. Greg grunted, red-faced and panting whilst he fought to keep Sherlock secure but unscathed. Sherlock flailed, floundering in the gravel, and held no reciprocal concerns about 'scathing' Lestrade. Needless to say, neither man had practiced healthy living habits during their formative years, and both were slightly past their prime. There was a fair bit of huffing and puffing, before Greg rallied. He hauled Sherlock up to his feet.
an arsehole. Terrible things they were, too, usually. Bloody awful. You can't believe her dissertation on Cornwall...oh my God, talk about dull." He snorted, amused. "I think my father saw it as due punishment for our being born and budging into his pub time."
talking to him. But, considering that the park lacked in other people, maybe...he was talking to the birds?
"If you must. He was sleeping when I left him, but you can see for yourself."
of John's. Ergo, eat, drink, and...well, perhaps being merry was a bit much to expect in these circumstances, yes? Nevertheless, Sherlock made the necessary adjustments. He sought out provisions when conditions were favorable enough to do so. They weren't really, that is, favorable. In fact, the conditions were fucking, bloody
John went into the kitchen to put on the kettle. Tea making was part of his daily routine, executed with methodical and militant precision. They used a cordless Dualit Classic, a fairly recent purchase, thank you very much. Copper edition, obviously -
John proves to Sherlock that Sherlock's scars make him even more beautiful.
had the time, but Sherlock had issues with patience.
Ta for your patience!
If you were actually skilled in detective work, you would have deduced that instead of acting like an idiot. Stop being such a child and sit down."
"Yes, John, yes I do!"
" Imaginary John snaps his fingers. "I'll limp over with a fresh cuppa, and you'll see that I really don't have a significant role in your life other than to bring you hot tea; and I'm boring, and old, and a gimp. I'll just be one more idiot, slowing you down."
On a hot, humid Wednesday, at half-three a.m., Sherlock finally opened his wallet. Payment involved smashing himself senseless against a formidably large concrete girder. He very purposefully
"How bold one gets when one is sure of being loved." - Sigmund Freud
"What are we doing here, John?" the detective's deep voice rumbled. The doctor shrugged one shoulder, dejected. "John. The last few hours have been difficult as it is. Please don't shut me out, I'll go mad."
www.huffingtonpost.com/cheryl-g-murphy/why-do-i-see-patterns-when-i-close-my-eyes_b_7597438.html
avoid hitting his nose or his teeth. Sherlock hadn't spared Achara Aromdee's face tossing her over the Bhumibol Bridge, 50 metres to the Chao Phraya below. Someone, at least at some point, must have loved her. Maybe. She made for a vicious assassin, moonlighting as a bitch on the side.
"'Okay' is a relative term, John. In truth, I really don't know. Feelings have never been my area." Sherlock's body shivered, goosebumps spreading from collar bones to hips, and down both arms.
"I don't understand," John moaned. "All this time, you've never said a word." He moved up to chew on an earlobe, an uncontrollable whimper slipping from between licks and sucks. Sherlock's skin radiated a magnificent heat. John sensed his lips growing hot. "I have to get injured for you to say how you feel?" The doctor's cock stiffened and jerked. When had he last been so hard?
Sherlock returned to John's warmth. He sighed in contentment, nuzzling the soft hair on John's nape. "You are so
"No, Sherlock. Plain and simple,
John rubbed his forehead in exhaustion. Sherlock and Greg had now been gone for several hours, and not a word had been sent from his newfound lover. It made John feel extremely ashamed of his behavior. He'd caught the kicked-puppy look on Sherlock's face after he'd lost his temper and been rude. He was
"Oi!" John squawked, back, conscientiously concerned, "take it easy! You could tear pulling a stupid stunt like that." The doctor pulled halfway out, to take a gander. Sherlock's not-so-subtle attempt to mask discomfort was no match for John's physician's eye. "You hurt yourself, didn't you?" John groaned, beginning to withdraw. Sherlock's legs shot up around John's waist, pinioning his lover's body atop his own.
. But still not enough.
What in the everloving fuck are you doing?!” the DI bellowed.
Sherlock's curls trembled as he jerkily nodded a second time. He pushed off his chair with the unsteady hands of an octogenarian. Greg shot forward, gripping his friend around the waist with one arm. Sherlock immediately leaned most of his weight on Lestrade, and slowly hobbled forward. As Greg struggled to keep Sherlock upright, John shifted as best he could to make room for his long-legged lover. Sherlock bent slowly, back bones popping, squishing into and over the meat of John's thighs. John patted Sherlock's back, pretending that it wasn't bloody uncomfortable to support six feet of quivering detective.
"You don't know that for sure, love. This might be the end of my jumping across rooftops, yeah?" An anxious groan spilled from his lips. "I'm - I'm afraid, Sherlock. Who's got your back if I'm not there to protect you?"
Greg swallowed hard. It was if he'd lifted a switch that engaged Sherlock's powers of deduction.
The five elegant fingers gracing Sherlock's left hand crowned with tough, roughly circular calluses.
That's - OH! Christ, do that again!" Sherlock wanted. Oh, how he wanted. He wanted John to get on with it. And,
"Out of your vulnerabilities will come your strength." - Sigmund Freud
A huge, congested snuffly moan escaped from John's lips. "One last thing, Sherlock. When you come back, and we're ready to sleep..."
***********
Sherlock sat frozen, mind buzzing with conflicting signals. If he left, he wouldn't have to keep feel guilty. If he left, he would feel even worse.
"Mmm?"
"just getting,"
" he gestured in disgust at his ankle, "you'll be solving cases alone, with no-one as back-up."
one of you needs help, tonight or any other, all you've to do is send a text."
The detective's eyes widened. He cast about in bewilderment, blindly searching for some brilliant and amazing comeback, per John Watson. No such response was forthcoming.
"Christ, do I have a choice?" John moaned. "No, here," he said softly, "I didn't mean to sound cross." He reached a shaking hand out to Sherlock and sighed. Clumsily tweaking the infernal thing up, he inspected it between finger and thumb. John realized that his anger was irrational...but it felt as if the whole world was mocking him. "I'm not frustrated with you," John temporized, "it's just - ."
"Sherlock?" he grunted, propping up on both elbows to check for lights in the en suite toilet. No, no line of light illuminating the door jamb. John's ankle strongly objected to the shift in position, but he'd subconsciously switched into soldier mode and so ignored it. "Sherlock? Are you in the kitchen?" Silence echoed throughout the small room. The doctor frowned in chagrin; the quality of this stillness felt ominous. Sherlock wasn't simply being quiet. Sherlock was not in the flat.
(See the end of the chapter for
John's brains leaked out of his ears to puddle on the floor. He hoped Sherlock wouldn't step in the mess that was left of his mind.
"Mmmm?"
"Life as we find it is too hard for us; it entails too much pain, too many disappointments, impossible tasks. We cannot do without  palliative measures." - Sigmund Freud
Sherlock cast about wildly, checking the bedside table drawers for a smaller cup, a plastic spoon, hell, a tongue depressor,
The DI's face drained of color. "Sherlock!" he squawked. "You said my
The men eventually moved on to harder topics. It was here in which Greg took a greater role. Sherlock found the fortitude with which to answer them, and speak honestly. Greg's entire face throbbed in agony, and yet the detective didn't care one whit. Sherlock had finally come home.
Upon reflection, John felt like a fool.
an obstinate arsehole, but for once couldn't he make an exception?
John flushed, lifting up just enough to yank up his pants and flip down the lid. Exhausted, he planted his arse back down on the loo. John immediately grimaced. The sensation of ice-cold hard plastic pressing up on his bits was just. The last. Straw.
Also, 68-hour work weeks are the devil.
"No, thanks for asking," John muttered glumly. "You know I have rows with inanimate objects." He gestured to the loosened beige bandage. "The damn clasp fell off and slid under the tub." Dropping his head to his chest, the doctor groaned. "Between that, and the pain, and these sodding crutches...I fell into a bit of a snit."
The little man rolled his eyes, trying to make light of Sherlock's allegation. Notwithstanding, John's whole demeanor radiated unease. Scrubbing his face, he conceded whilst emitting a beleaguered groan. "Can't we go back to laughing? This up and down thing is killing me. Huffing, John groaned, "Sod it, Sherlock, have it your way. Yeah, sure, I was mad," John regarded his injured ankle with disgust. "Just not for the reasons you think."
activities. Sexual. Sexual activities, obviously, and...cuddling. Cuddling is lovely. Just your elbow in my side caused me to grow incredibly aroused," Sherlock choked, nearing apoplexy. "Had you noticed?"
John's eyes glazed slightly, his focus intent on Sherlock's mouth. He licked his lips, making two slow sweeps with his tongue before it slipped back into his mouth. John hesitantly disengaged his hand from Sherlock's to rub over his eyes. "Can I have five minutes to take this all in?" John fumbled for something to say that wouldn't hurt Sherlock. Never hurt Sherlock. "I can't even, I have to - hang on. I'll be back."
: Elevated Doggy
**The men off 221B find their anatomy quite compatible, thank you very much.
I hope this worked.
"Ahhh...please...stop, Sherlock, stop," John gasped, wiping his eyes. "I'm going to piss in my pants."
He spun his hand in a circle over John's lap.
get the fuck off my lap."
"John!" Sherlock bellowed, jumping off the stairs three steps from the bottom. "I told you to call when you were ready to go." John's flatmate glared out the door at the idling black car by the kerb. "Mycroft! You accepted a ride home from
At the end of the second year, Sherlock got sloppy. He was captured in Serbia, and held for six days in a chamber of horrors. Whatever penance he felt he owed was paid, and paid, and paid a thousand times over by what these people did to his body. Sherlock's back had raised scars, and burns, and in one spot a half-inch divot of missing muscle. His upper body was now defiled. In order to shield his loved ones from this knowledge, Mycroft had employed a special-effects make-up artist from the film industry. Sherlock had a cast taken of his upper body. Four thin, silicone segments of "skin" were moulded from the casting and combined to form something like a fitted vest to wear at all times. This artist had given Sherlock a smooth, even surface on which he could wear whatever poncy, purple, fitted shirt he desired with no one the wiser. He had been given three silicone vests, and employed them all all times except when camouflaged in silk sleepwear and dressing gowns.
*Absolutely no offense meant to anyone in or affiliated with Manchester. I just like to use alliteration in my writing, and couldn't resist the opportunity to use it here.
Sit back down," John pleaded, patting bed. "Come on, love. Let's talk this out."
The detective paused. Whatever he saw made his face lighten up, despite the unconscious faux pas.
Blushing madly at his own ineptitude, John simply mumbled his thanks and stood wobbly and weak as she manhandled the door. Both of their head snapped up simultaneously as the thundering report of foot steps crossed above them.
Realistically,
Sherlock coughed in embarrassment. "Sorry. I'm not explaining this very well."
"Once there was a way
Young John's favorite marble had been an icy blue and sea green cat's eye, one which he'd oft held to the sun. John had carried the marble in his pocket for years - just the one. The rest of the marbles were either chipped or destroyed within weeks, unable to survive their new role as ammo for John's GI Joe. Only the one, special cat's eye lived on.
"Great deductive reasoning, Detective Donovan. I came down wrong on my ankle. At first I suspected a bad sprain and some ligament damage, but now...damn it, it's broken. Most likely, a complete fracture of the fibula and tibia," John said, wincing as he gingerly palpated his ankle. "Possibly the talus as well."
about suffer made Sherlock weak-kneed with nausea and cramps. May it be noted however, that Sherlock never lost a singe millisecond of rest over the injuries he'd inflicted on criminals - inadvertently or otherwise.
The lover's shared a tense moment when John's wandering fingers encountered scars. "No secrets, love. Remember? We're fine," the doctor cooed, "you're fine."
*********
John refused to put out any biscuits on general principle.
Sherlock completely foiled John, popping out of his chair to charge into the kitchen alone. John caught the distinctive clinking of glass on glass, closely followed by the distinctive slosh of liquid in glass. The sounds were distinctive. He was instinctive. "Hey, you git!" He hollered, incensed. "Wanker! Hey! Shit-for-brains! If there's whisky in that glass, you're pouring me one!"
What to do.
Tucking both hands into the space between Sherlock's arse and his abdomen, John commenced to wiggle his fingers. He tweaked at both cheeks, teasing and tickling the tempting (tender) flesh nestled therein; perspiration slicking his palms. Shocked by the assault on his nethers, Sherlock yipped, springing from of John's lap as if he'd been electrocuted. Toppling sideways on one elbow, he nearly fell from the bed.
He licked into Sherlock's mouth to tangle their tongues.
"God, yes!" Sherlock moaned. For the second time that night, John attacked.
for the first time by somebody other than Mycroft.  John had seen Sherlock for the man he really was, past the narcissistic posing and sniping. John had seen, and accepted.
, I had to speculate on how a man like John would handle life without a "Mary" to support him. I hope that in penning this story I provide a viewpoint both realistic and entertaining, and
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hlVBg7_08n0
“To confront a person with their own shadow is to show people their own light.” - Carl G. Jung
"Thought not," John sighed. He watched as Sherlock rolled his long body to recline on one side, resting his head on his elbow. The detective had forgotten to switch off the lamp in the kitchen. An orange-yellow stream of light bisected the door and cut a sharp line along the wall. Caught in the glow, Sherlock's curls burned with bright copper highlights. Beautiful, it was true.
." Lestrade jerked the wheel to the right to avoid smacking into the kerb, grumbling under his breath about duck fat. "What gives, Sherlock? No, really, I mean it." This last as the consultant rolled his strange, pale eyes in annoyance.
before Sherlock wound up in hospital.
"Well, the thing is, love, is that they were able to restore the bloody thing back to its original beauty. The glaze cracked, and they couldn't do anything about that. But I think... no, I
"No," came John's muffled response. "No," spoken this time louder, the word tinged with steel.
"Oi! Leave my perfectly adequate body parts alone. It's your unnaturally long legs causing the problem." John arched his back even further, hoping to settle the issue.
A heaping spoonful of angst with a healthy dollop of soul-cleansing confession on the side. Seriously, Lestrade is a very good friend.
you? You told him all of it?" He gaped at his lover in an unhappy amalgamation of shock and alarm. "Sherlock? What happen' today? Are you okay, love?" John made to get up in an effort to reach out and touch Sherlock, to hold him tight in his arms.
"John!" Sherlock bellowed in alarm. The detective shoved his arms around John's torso and yanked the man backwards to brace against his chest. "What's going on? Why is this happening?"
, John") The doctor didn't need a reminder that for the most part, his presence was completely superfluous. Sherlock was a Shakespearean sonnet. John was the full stop of a sentence.
"Do you hear yourself, John? Christ...I can't...I won't do
"You don't know, do you?" John smiled, or scowled, or grimaced - Sherlock couldn't quite discern in the low kitchen light. "How I worry. How my fucking shorts legs with be the death of you one day."
"Need to take a breather?" John suggested, desperately in need of one himself.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sorry. Really, I am.
"It's
Sherlock didn't deign to reply.
"I think my legs need to be back more," John grunted between heavy breaths, already feeling quite full of cock. "It's really good, this, but I feel like we're missing something important."
Lestrade sighed. "I've many theories, but no sure answers. And, I am too knackered to run through them now." He peered in the rear-view mirror at his face. "He became a close friend whilst you were gone, did you know that? I would hate to have to pretend about today, coming up with some stupid fib about
"John," he'd huff, head tilted in bewilderment. "Why are you naked and wet in the kitchen? You'll contaminate my work space. Also, were you aware that you're sitting less than an arm's length away from a viable sample of Anthrax?"
Sherlock made a moue. "No, wish that I could. Sadly, I've come to realize that certain things cannot be forgotten, no matter how hard someone might try. I pushed it away as much as I could. It didn't work."
Eventually, the detective's body startled, then stretched. Permitting himself an internal sigh of relief, John smiled as Sherlock's large hands stirred to life. They clutched weakly in pained resignation, nails snagging on the woolly weave of his jumper. The detective looked up, managing a watery smile. His lips silently formed his soulmate's name, and John mirrored the action with a wry grin.
(See the end of the chapter for
Am on the mend after a hellish three weeks of tooth abscess/sinus infection. Hopefully, the speed of these posts will go up now that I don't feel like I am dying of a brain tumor.
"I'm not gay."
Sherlock, clever in all things, had managed to conceal this monster, despite his predilection for tight, tailored trousers. Good thing, really - all of this, just for John.
Sherlock groaned and rolled his eyes dramatically. "Yes, I am aware I have stated this before. However, to reiterate, you know I hold pure, cold reason above all things."
Currently, John's body was waging a one-person war with the taut, twisted layers of bedding. Silver-blonde hair, twisted-up straight pins, pierced through the sweat-soaked duvet; the rest of John lay smothered beneath. The sight called to mind a burlap sack full of kittens dropped in a barrel full of rain water.
"Rrrgh...bloody hell," the doctor grumbled, navigating backwards and out of the water to plop on his rump. John's left ankle, exponentially swelling over the lip of his loafer, represented days off of work, off of Work. A bit not good. Sherlock might be lost without his blogger.
"Stop right there," the genius grunted indignantly, disengaging in the most literal sense possible. "I am agonizingly aware of my previous asexual lifestyle, thank you. I don't need a recap."
"John?"
Apparently, I just can't get these guys to shut up. The conversation...you guessed it...ensues. Also, over-gratuitous use of ellipses and italics.
John. I can't find the words!"
Sherlock's ears turned an interesting shade of fuschia. A gurgle rumbled deep in his throat. "In actuality, John, I'm quite
"Obviously," Sherlock replied, somehow missing the sarcasm. "What exactly are you suggesting?"
Treatment involved days, and/or weeks of surgical debridement. Necrotic tissues must be physically cut from the body to decrease the risk of sepsis. The process was brutal, revolting, and the aftermath - horrifically painful. In the most severe cases, the doctor cut out decimated skin, strips of muscle, and bone. Peeling off skin that looked more like leather, John never got over the sight. And if the skins grafts weren't healthy enough to take...
"Sherlock, no. Once you'd explained, yeah, I was incredibly pissed, and it didn't erase the pain, but I got it. I got over it. I moved on, Christ, I
Sherlock's breaths puffed, rhythmic and warm on John's cheek. The doctor's methodical assessment pressed onward. "Here. Prolonged episodes of whipping. Line upon line upon line, obviously breaking the skin. Sometimes with...something knotted? Or chains?" John hitched in a pained breath. Too much detail.
"John," Lestrade murmured, feeling sick. "I'm so sorry I started this and caused your upset. I should go, I think, and leave you two to it." He made to get up, both knees popping in protest.
John shook himself with a grunt.
John took a note from Sherlock's book. He kissed, and nibbled, and laved hard over the fierce planes of Sherlock's long neck and face. He lifted up large, bony knuckles to press to his lips. John's thin, mobile mouth roamed the curl of Sherlock's ears and the line of his jaw. Throughout it all, tears rolled off the lashes of those silvery-green eyes.
He had tried, he really had, to forget. But, some memories are etched in one's soul. Sherlock never forgot. Sherlock never forget many things from the last hellish three years. And, he'd eventually have to take off his shirt.
A fruit basket goes to the first person to tell me what tv show I stole my title from
Ack! This chapter killed me to write. (Author's note: the next installment might take a while, as now I am dead.)
The lanky git jumped as if goosed. It was canon law; once Sherlock's focus had a point of convergence, (in this case, the delectable Dr. John Watson) any and all transport woes were fundamentally disdained, with the obvious exception of breathing. Sherlock had ignored the plethora of sensory data his nerve endings shot up his spine, including the sensation of cloth against skin. Instead, he'd spuriously stripped off the other man's clothes, to then soak in John's responses like a sponge. Sherlock reveled in John's obvious pleasure as he writhed on the bed. Each sigh of bliss shot pleasure straight to his groin.
"Fuck me."
"Please. I will stand where I am, if you want. I don't have to sit down. But your ankle..." Sherlock dithered. "You should be elevating it with some ice."
be repeated, I think.
nightmares occur? Despite the risk, the detective laid his plate-sized hands on what he surmised was John's hip. Sherlock jostled him desperately, roughly. "Wake up, John.
The doctor's head popped up from his pounding, face and ears blazing bright red. "Hehhhh...right. These sodding things are headed straight for the bin, I'll have you know. Yeah, maybe some shorts for the moment."
Films policier - old black and white French films akin to film noir in the US
"Wait," Sherlock commanded. He leaned over to switch on the lamp. The artificial glow caused them to wince, despite it being a low-wattage bulb. John hadn't realized just how gloomy the bedroom had been. "Watch," the detective flatly intoned. "Observe the 'magic'," he spat in revulsion, "of Mycroft."
, the moment he'd been anticipating. "Oh my...
"...with the coming of weapons, superior brains began to oust brute force, but the object of the conflict remained the same: one party was to be constrained, by the injury done him or impairment of his strength, to retract a claim or a refusal. This end is most effectively gained when the opponent is definitely put out of action — in other words, is killed. This procedure has two advantages: the enemy cannot renew hostilities, and, secondly, his fate deters others from following his example....Paradoxical as its sounds, we must admit that warfare well might serve to pave the way to that unbroken peace we so desire..." - Sigmund Freud, from a written correspondence with Albert Einstein regarding the concepts of humanity, violence, and establishment of peace. (www.brainpickings.org)
anymore. The man zeroed in on him was a stranger. The man before him should be sectioned.
"I don't have to deduce when you're angry, John," said Sherlock. Even if you weren't just standing on your soapbox, it's obvious as the nose on your face. What I mean, is...
"John, you heard me perfectly well," the freshly deflowered man smirked. "I'm speaking of that activity to which you were too embarrassed to put words to last night. Fucking, John. In scientific terms, anal intercourse."
"You know that I only
John bumbled up the concrete stoop, only to drop the hefty parcel of paperwork and the key to the door. Several curses burst from his lips that would have made his fellow squadies cry.
"Love is old, love is new, love is all, love is you." - The Beatles
It began with John's furtive rummaging under the sink, after rinsing the last taste of toothpaste from his mouth. Horrified, the doctor pulled out four empty, crusted bottles of lube, before remembering that he'd secreted a new one under his mattress. Then, there was snogging. They shared lovely open-mouthed kisses, tongues, and teeth, and clever lips uniting in passion. John's forefinger joined in the proceedings, and what a very cautious, timid finger he owned. John thought that he'd known how to proceed. For Christ's sake, he practiced in medicine! Something went wrong, and their pace slowed from glacial to frozen. John felt ice fill his veins.
"In human beings pure masculinity or femininity is not to be found either in a psychological or biological sense."
The detective grimaced. "Agreed. And the topic is, 'regard'."
The detective wrenched his hand to his lips as if burned, chewing on a knuckle. "John," he murmured, abashed. He couldn't think of anything else to say. "John."
**************
Sherlock's racking tremors heightened until his body lurched forward and aft. As a doctor, John was disturbed by the mindlessness of his rocking. In some far corner of his mind, John caught the echo of a distorted overhead announcement, blaring "Ladies and gentlemen,  Sherlock... has left the building."
Sentiment aside, the scars were simply
John swore under his breath. He might as well give it a go, because the half-arsed analgesics weren't cutting it. He'd already resorted to doubling each dose. Receiving both too few and too-weak of strength from the hospital reeked of Mycroft's handiwork, rather than NHS mismanaging meds.
"Shut up!"
He offered John a respite, a few minutes to gather his wits And now, BAM! He wriggled his tongue into his blogger's ear. He internally crowed, John keening in a delirium of pure bliss as his clever tongue retreated to lick along delicate cartilage. Sherlock felt John's skin pebble with a multitude of goosebumps. "That's it, dear heart," he rumbled, "you've right to be afraid. I,"
"No, not now. I need to do some thinking." Sherlock's shoulders dropped and he looked like he'd just lost his dog. "Go now, and leave me alone."
Sherlock groaned, dramatically rolling his eyes  "John, that was terrible. But as you wish, my beautiful Captain." Without warning, he collapsed, his full weight thumping down on John's stomach.
Sherlock shifted as well, slipping lower. At this rate, he'd be resting on his tail bone.
"No, Sherlock. Enough of this shit, now. I'm tired, you're tired - hell, we're both wrecked. It's been a rubbish day, and even worse night. So, no more drama, yeah?" John lamented. "We do this together," he sighed, eyes bright in spite of everything. "Come here, Sherlock. Let me give you a hug. Please?"
Sherlock did not dally with sentiments in general, let alone
Sherlock's agitated pitching was so violent that John was carried along. The little man resembled nothing so much as a child receiving a horsey ride...unwillingly. John had maneuvered one swift hand under each of Sherlock's armpits, anchoring their bodies together. As the doctor's grip tightened, the detective's body slowly gentled, muscles eased. John cautiously reigned Sherlock in, taking the lead in their dance. Nonsense words, soothing nothings, heedlessly flew from his lips.
John found his way into the kitchen without any further mishaps or blackouts (
Also, apologies that all of my chapters are so pathetically short. I work crazy long hours, in addition to a having a seriously hateful case of ADHD. I can only work at the computer for so long before I go crazy.
I can't..." He slumped into his chair with a grunt.
"...when a person commits suicide, he does not do violence only to himself; he inflicts death upon those whom he least considered would be so affected." - F. Sionil Jose
John cried out hoarsely as Sherlock upped the ante, pumping with a smooth, steady rhythm. In retaliation, the doctor splayed sweet, open-mouthed kisses over one nipple, closing down over it to suck. Thin clever lips, and moist, pliable tongue set up shop on the plain of his chest. Sherlock shivered as warm, slippery traces of saliva cooled, inspiring a blanket of goosebumps. It was...John was...exquisite. His touch felt inherently divine.
Sherlock squeezed the fingers into fists, cramming them to the bottom of his pockets. Some bad sensation amassed between his ears, preparing to explode.
On to alcohol, the poor man's weapon of choice. They had drunk all the wine, but the good whisky that Greg brought for Christmas still stood, collecting dust above the fridge. John had shoved it in a microscopic niche between three encrusted-with-some-lethal-substance erlenmyer flasks and six sticky glass beakers.
"Certainly, John, but of course. Ehm, need a hand?" Sherlock posed the question void of all expression or inflection. Since the injury, the ex-army doc treated every overture of assistance as a personal slight; an unfortunate by-product of being invalided. John looked as if he'd bitten into a lemon, but managed to bite back his bitter retort.
"That laser beam glare that you give people when you're trying to deduce them. It's like, you're burrowing into their brains. Listen. You're not going to get any more from me. I'm going in. I need John to see to my nose, and I desperately need a drink." He punctuated his point by opening the panda car door and stepping out. "Are you coming?"
Abruptly, the doctor's muscles flagged. He lolled backwards uncontrollably, body spent after such intense use. John's back smacked hard against the tank, ceasing his body's momentum. Unfortunately, John's head kept on rolling. Silver-blond hair whipped the back of his neck, and he groaned as he looked at the ceiling.
want. Together, or not at all."
is never going let me hear the end of it. He'll finally have in his fat sweaty hands definitive proof of my idiocy. He'll play the footage in his office for all his minions with an offering of tea and fine chocolate-filled biscuits."
-us Greg, give a bloke a heart attack, why don' you?" he snarled, squinting up into the DI's black-and-blue face.
I will.
The Beatles, "Come Together"
"Feeling okay there, love?" The doctor inquired mildly. Cautiously, oh so cautiously, he touched a finger to Sherlock's back, tracing the razor-sharp bones of his spine. "If this is going to continue to work, we really need to communicate."
John flinched with start. "Don't you dare! Eehhhaagh!" he squealed. As usual, the detective thoroughly ignored him. He redoubled his efforts, doggedly bending downward to work at John's burning calves. The smaller man lurched forward, trapping Sherlock's wrists with a surprisingly vigorous grip.
"No. No, izzz fine...yeah. You're fine. Iz all fine. And, I'm fine, too." The doctor peered about, rubbing at the kink in his neck. "Where's Sherlock got to? Did he get hurt as well?"
Eventually, though sheer stubbornness, John hooked his small hand around Sherlock's bony elbow. He reeled in his long arm like a swordfish. Sliding his hand down the length of Sherlock's forearm, John cinched his wrist in a death grip. Containing his lover's flailing felt tenuous, but years of training had left John's arms strong. He just had to wait Sherlock out. The man had biceps thin as string beans
The room fell silent as the three men gathered their wits. "Right," Lestrade eventually declared, "let's get this done. I think we're all due for a very long night's sleep." He rubbed his chin in that characteristic way he did when he was wrangling with a conundrum. "Here's the thing, mate. John may have appeared normal enough when you came back - all things as they were, you resurrecting from the dead, and all that lunacy."
"Bloody
Having been given a mission, Sherlock nodded and quickly ascended the stairs. John mentally traced his friend's movements as he crashed through John's ancient wardrobe. Good
Sherlock sniffed imperiously. "I'll have you know I have a very sensitive bum. I can't help it, it hurts." He softly patted his rump, face reddening.
Five excruciating minutes of pins-and-needle agony later, John dealt with his fidgets by manhandling the bed pillows into submission. They ended up slightly worse for wear, lined up like prisoners against the headboard. Meanwhile, Sherlock had dashed off, seeking the Union Jack cushion. Plumping up the much maligned symbol of their sovereign nation, the detective arranged, then rearranged it under John's boot.
"You know, boys..." the DI sighed, ready to drop. "Forgive me if I'm overstepping my bounds. I gotta throw it out there. Now. It's obvious to me, at least, I don't know about anybody else. Something's different between you, and if I'm right - Jesus. Honestly, it'd be fantastic." Lestrade borrowed Sherlock's mannerism of resting tented fingers over his lips. "You're probably not keen on sharing right now. It's been a very long day for all of us." Greg needed another drink. "However. I feel it necessary to address," he pushed deep into the cushions, defensively crossing his arms. "Because of this. Sherlock's -" and at this, the gears in Greg's head ground to a halt. He pensively scratched at his stubble.
to kill John?
"Heeeey, love," John murmured in relief. "Good to have you back." He planted precise, tiny kisses across Sherlock's face and under the line of his jaw. "Mmm. You taste salty."
Shoving the shorts in his waistband, John returned to the loo. The hateful, hateful,
"The price we pay for the advance in civilization is a loss of happiness through the heightening of the sense of guilt." - Sigmund Freud
"Yeah," John mumbled as he struggled to recover his footing. "I'm really sorry about this, Sherlock. You shouldn't have to play nurse."
I have absolutely no idea why my mind takes perfectly brilliant poetry and turns it into trash.
Sherlock's hallucinatory specter budged in. The figure stood by the windows facing John, neatly outlined by the street lights. Impossible, and yet glaring before him.
"Mmm, yeah, I remember. George, was it? Nice chap," the doctor murmured, thumping the Union Jack pillow one, two, three times as always before easing on down. "Ta," he said, gesturing to the fire. "Nice to bake for a bit before bed."
Lestrade comes full circle for John. Sherlock
The detective took no visible notice of his flatmate's protests, although John observed a modicum of care whilst Sherlock manhandled the eggs.
Herein starts the segment (the next several chapters) whereby Sherlock hears the truth of John's experiences immediately following his "suicide". The situation becomes  convoluted by the stress of their time-sensitive case. He is right. Sentiment clogs up his brain.
"Lestrade will be my back-up," the detective growled. "Wait a minute...perhaps you have a point.
Sherlock sniggered, a giggle rolling deep in this throat. The two men giggled like loons.
I'd also like to examine the blatant overuse of toasters, the abuse of the phrase "a hot cuppa", the perverse pleasure found in wearing ugly jumpers, and finally, the reckless abandon practiced whilst decorating with extravagant wallpaper... well...*
. Letting down his guard might just come back to bite him in the arse.
"No, I... Please don't go," Sherlock spurted in alarm. He frantically pressed his hands over John's forcefully as a pair of Lestrade's stainless steel handcuffs. "Touching you, being
Sherlock was sorely tempted to contact one of his old suppliers.
Also, thank you all so much for the lovely and encouraging comments, kudos, and return visits. I am crossing my fingers in the hope that I get 11,000 hits, just because.
It was during their brief détente that Greg heard an oddly monotone hum. Turning, he tracked the odd sound back to Sherlock. The buzzing sounds, were in fact, Sherlock's voice. The detective's taut lips twitched as he spit out an inaudible stream of invective. Sherlock's words, if words they were, were muttered too softly to hear. Lestrade bit his bottom lip and cautiously inched a bit closer.
Good Lord, is this angsty. Sorry, but it seemed right for the story. Let me know if you think that it's too much. Ya know, because plot lines involving PTSD, suicide attempts and torture are typically kittens and sweetness and light.
Face suddenly determined, John yanked the crutches closer. He adjusted them whereby the rubber bottoms rested a bit behind his hips. Sherlock grunted, comprehending the plan. Grasping the tubing close to the handholds, he then set them at 45-degree angles with the tips on the floor. Expelling a truly primordial grunt, John fought to push up to his right foot. Twenty seconds of red-faced puffing later, John dropped back down hard on his arse. "Bloody hell!"
"What I want? Not likely, you git" John grumbled, vigorously shaking his head. "What
"It seems that my right leg is acting up at the moment. Just...just hang on, I'll be fine."
Again, he tried. "This isn't - ," John inexplicably stilled, a sense of alarm commanding quiet. John strained to identify his source of disquiet by shifting into military mode. Tilting his head at a precise 45-degree angle, John scanned the flat left onto right; a flesh-and-blood radar array. Holding his breath, John's ears pricked in anxious anticipation of something horrible.
"Jesus, Sherlock, I need you to touch me. I need to touch you, please don't tease anymore," John gasped, falling down on the bed. "I can't stand it, god you're so good, you're so lovely and gorgeous and
It remained an unequivocal fact: John's mental facilities were chemically altered immediately upon regaining consciousness. It was the obvious conclusion, considering the frankly ridiculous dose of morphine coursing through John's system
"Oh God, yes."
"No, it's not, you idiot," John giggled nervously, voice pitched somewhere above high C
"My dick is in your arse." - Dari
John's amusement tickled Sherlock. John was showing no signs of anger or disgust. John was laughing at him, yet not in the mean way so familiar from his childhood. John was just laughing, which was good. John had come to his room - also, good.
This is the full quote. I warned you that I might take Freud's words out of context. (Mwah Ha Ha Haaaa)
, the events of the day I'll make it brief. Alright? Are you okay?"
to those truths; a fact it didn't take a genius to deduce.
of his mouth had Sherlock wanking off in a public toilet five minutes after John's actions.
“Sherlock?” Lestrade breathed, “What...shit. Just...shit. Are you okay?” In retrospect, it was an odd thing to ask. After all, he was the one who was hemorrhaging
"Influenza, Sherlock? Can we go back to that?" John whispered. Between the pitch black space of the bedroom and a potent narcotic (two pills, screw the prescription) running in his veins, John felt weightless and floaty. Having this terrible conversation in the dark was definitely one of his better ideas.
"From error to error one discovers the entire truth." - Sigmund Freud
you can still call me love, or sweetums, or crumpet, or sugarlips, or sweetcheeks - what have you. John. Choose whatever ridiculously saccharine moniker you fancy." The silliness of his sentiment belied the fury in his chest at John's agonized demeanor. There'd been enough tragedy in their lives already, thank you very much.
Time to ease this down a notch, and help Sherlock settle into his skin.
Thankfully, Sherlock took John's outburst in stride. He held still for a minute, thinking who knows what, before peeling his body away from John's. "John?" he looked thoughtfully. "I wasn't talking. In point of fact, I wasn't even making any noise, so..."
Sherlock decided that skin-to-skin contact was an absolutely
"Too many words, John. Save them for your blog," the detective flashed the ghost of a smile. Scooting back, Sherlock resumed his earlier stance. Hand returning to bicep, Sherlock shed the simulacrum; his beautiful face even whiter than milk.
The doctor's mind bombarded him with a painfully detailed vision. He sat bare-arsed on a wooden chair, back flush to the kitchen table. Soggy towel, wedged under his arse; soapy water dripping down between widely spread thighs. Cheap shampoo, scalding his eyes, and no clean source of water to soothe them.
Oi! Get your minds out of the gutter, people, Sherlock buys John a new iPhone. Okay, now put your minds BACK into the gutter, because those two sex-starved lunatics are insatiable. The second toy is another wireless device. Not to be repetitive, but this one also has a sleek, black silicone finish. The difference here, though, is that it has nine different settings and ISN'T meant to held next to one's ear. The doctor demonstrates Position #3, thanks to FaceTime.
"Listen," Sherlock dithered, sensing disbelief, "I experienced no pain or discomfort in the rectal region, including both anal sphincters." The genius tightened his quads to force John back into his body. "My insides feel marvelous, John, and my testicles have nicely recovered." For emphasis, he yanked John down for a glorious snog.
Two lag screws jammed into the tibia, a seven-screw plate securing the fibula, one knee-high leg brace, two fucking uncomfortable crutches, one protracted personal leave from the surgery, and a partridge in a pear tree.
"Thanks, Sally. I appreciate it," John grated out between blue lips. "It's an honor."
"Stop."
The little man stood up cautiously, supporting his weight with the table. He hobbled, using the chairs to manoeuvre. John tentatively stood before Sherlock and brutally gnawed at his bottom lip. The detective moaned, twisting away on the old wooden chair in an effort to shield his face. This situation was becoming intolerable.
Glaring, the little man growled and slugged back the last of his tea. "Sherlock, did you not hear me? It's fine. I'm okay. Actually, we don't need to discuss this at all, yeah? Old news."
*My hair must resemble a bird's nest. Good God! Why am I thinking in French? Enough! I'm in London. Think in English! English, you dolt!
I know my that reticence - it isn't right. It isn't fair, after all that you've gone through, for me to be so...so secretive." He forced his eyes to remain focused on Sherlock, refusing to avert his gaze. He knew any withdrawal now would be misconstrued as disgust. He'd already botched this up as it was.
All sense of propriety thrown out the window, Sherlock scooped John up in his arms.
Introspection had never been the detective's forte. Yet, being trussed up and beaten exposes one to unfamiliar perils...
Abruptly, Lestrade huffed and stood down, remembering Sherlock's previous state of mind. "Look. I'm sorry if I went off on you. John was - and then you came swanning back to London in your bloody big coat, with no explanation or apologies, and nobody knew what to think!"
Even in his own mind, he regarded the very idea with derisive suspicion.
The room fell silent, the darkness oppressive. John forced down a strong  impulse to bolt. Sherlock sighed in deep resignation. "Oh, John. My lovely John. And I still want, and I know it's unfair. I can't ask or expect this of you considering - just considering."
He saw himself drop the flannel, where it piled on the floor. He reached down to snag it. He fell flat on his arse. The crutches, perversely shooting in opposite directions, landed far beyond the reach of his fingers.
"Right. Right. Okay," Lestrade plowed on. "Say it again, Sherlock, only louder this time and without sounding like you're chewing on your shoe.”
Sherlock yelped and burst from beneath the covers. He glared, then childishly stuck out his tongue.
Fuck, John. I'm going to come, I'm going to come so hard," Sherlock cried. "And...John?"
"Come on, John. I still owe you that cuddle, and frankly, I'm freezing my arse off. I need to touch you, skin-to-skin, and get warm. You really are a furnace, were you aware?"
"Well. I couldn't hide this forever, now could I? To have one thing, I had to share the other. And you still are avoiding the topic of your three years without my...scintillating presence," Sherlock nudged.
I am really sorry that my posting time has slowed down so much. Work, work work work work. I love my job, but I hate having to work when it interferes so much with my life. The only things that I feel capable of doing is eating, then sleeping, and then hauling my sorry arse to work. Yuck.
"Jesus, you're cynical when inebriated!"
and you know it, you git. And when do you ever come in when I ask, anyway." He patted the pocket of his jacket, searching for cigs that weren't there.
I am a horrible person. I wanted to have the entire chapter finalized to post yesterday, but I am still struggling with the ending. So, here is *author twists foot shyly and bites at her thumb nail* the middle part of chapter 55. Part 3 tomorrow!!!
Except for that damned infernal clock, the room remained quiet. As such, the silence was deafening. Eventually, fearful of the quiescence, John dared peek up at Lestrade. He felt petrified and yet morbidly curious.
"I told you, mate. Not an easy thing. Tell me it gets too much and I'll save it for tomorrow."
"How can I be substantial if I do not cast a shadow? I must have a dark side also if I am to be whole." - Carl G. Jung
― Sigmund Freud, The Interpretation of Dreams
Blessed be, John did. He tickled and teased, gently twisting the nubs until the genius keened to the skies. "It's like turning up the volume on an old black-and-white," the doctor smirked. "What happens when I do
"Rat," John nodded, neck loose as a bobble-head doll. "A rat. A rat the size of a corgi."
Sherlock's own eyelids had shuttered about halfway through the proceedings. Chest heaving, he hitched out, "Just, just start moving...a bit. But start slow. Oh fuck, you incredibly illuminating man, this is good. I never imagined
The tea tasted of bitter tannins and..here John blanched, last week Friday's Rogan josh. Sherlock must have used one of the cups that had lain mouldering in the sink; the food side, if he was lucky. The stale coriander aftertaste  left John more than a little bit queasy. Nevertheless, he would have overlooked the poor state of his meal if Sherlock kept his thoughts to himself. After all, the doctor mused, he had enough going on chewing charcoal.
not his area. "I'll just, uhm, start breakfast, shall I? Tea and toast?"
"Piss off. I need the loo. Screw your sodding thesaurus," the little man groused. "Now. Get up off your lazy, albeit gorgeous arse and help me...else I rupture and muck up your bedding." John leaned over to smack the round hump of Sherlock's bum. "Speaking of asinine..."
John's skin drained of colour. "I can't say what you're on about," he scoffed. "I really can't."
"Yes. Yes, of course. I will at once. You may begin, John," the detective declared, hips giving a haughty wiggle.
"Sherlock!" John snapped. All thoughts of staying calm fled his mind.
John made to get up, an unconscious attempt to prevent Sherlock's premature balding. He winced at the sharp jolt of pain winging up his leg, instantly freezing in fear. "Damn it, Sherlock, stop that right now." He shuddered, glued to the edge of the chair. "Take it easy, mate! Settle down."
at you, Sherlock, I'm concerned about your bloody well-being. Sorry for saying so, but frankly, you look like shit!"
The man in question raised his hand to shape a "halt" gesture at John, followed by an impatient "hurry up" over to Lestrade. "Do it. Do it now before my flatmate falls over due to shock at my addressing you by your legitimate first name."
“Sherlock?” Greg murmured, "you okay?" Nothing. He cleared his throat and waded into the deep end of the pool. “Sherlock? Can you look at me?" No response. "That is, I mean to say that I - Jesus Christ," Lestrade scraped at his head using his fingernails. "Look. I'm really sorry about the head slap. Truly, really very sorry. It was completely out of line, extremely unprofessional of me, and," Lestrade groaned, "I'm so, so sorry that I smacked you and created this...eh...upset."
However, any choice John had in the matter was abruptly removed. Sherlock exploded, hips jerking madly. John swallowed. It was either that, choke, or suffer a sperm facial. He swallowed. It wasn't bad, really. Slightly bitter, mostly salt. Like taking a drink from the ocean. Besides...the expression of wonder on Sherlock's face - surely that was worthy on it's own? The doctor finished up by licking Sherlock's prick squeaky clean.
Sherlock giggled boyishly. "I quite agree. Despite my foul accommodations," he scanned the room and sneered, "I found long-distance shagging inordinately amenable." Coyly fluttering his eyelashes, the detective asked, "Was my choice of, er, shall we say, 'stand-in', acceptable?"
feeling more sublime than a hit."
John huffed, extremely familiar with his flatmates' pathological distaste of being dirty. Pivoting awkwardly on his hips, he reached to grab a rag from behind him. It had been languishing on the worn wooden table for over a week, and John had purposefully left it alone. He'd ruined more than one of Sherlock's experiments when straightening their shambles of a kitchen, and the doctor had it up to here with being sniped at.
because I was dead! I was
lover, kneaded Sherlock's arse. It was John's turn to take charge, and Sherlock gladly gave in to his overtly possessive, restless petting. The genius relented under John's rough, rapacious hands, communicating his surrender with a groan. It was crystal clear to Sherlock that the the doctor was taking the time to stake his own claim. His extremities howled "Mine!" whilst his mouth remained otherwise occupied.
