‘How is school?’ Dean asked, immediately changing the subject.
“What are you doing?” Dean said, as he patiently watched him.
‘Dean?’
‘Cas don’t do this.’ Dean stepped forward again and sunk down on his knees, looking up at Castiel, his bright green eyes so beautiful Cas began to cry.
Caring about his safety? Wanting to protect him?
Castiel was facing away from him, typing something at his computer and as Dean slowly closed the door behind him, Castiel turned. He went to speak, then paused. Frozen.
Castiel paused, his arm resting on the surface he was wiping down as he saw the message come through.
Cas sighed. “Dean isn't dangerous?”
Before Cas left he found a piece of scrap paper and a pen. He scrawled a quick note and then left it on her bed side table. On it, he wrote his phone number and
. He had to act now.
Fire coursed its way through Dean's body, down through his throat, to his stomach then his crotch.
“Oh really?” Dean rolled to face him, eyes wide. With that he reached down and groped Cas. A small high moan escaping from his lips. “Perhaps I like it messy?” Dean suggested. Taking Cas in his hand and aggressively kissing his neck.
“I can handle myself,” she stated, and leaned her head against the bathroom wall.
‘Forget it.’ Dean said and the phone cut off.
Cas pulled away, breathless and a little light headed.
‘Drag is an
‘Can I help you Dean?’
“In Lawrence?”
‘I don’t even know you.’
Dean came in wearing just a towel. He noticed the look on Cas' face immediately.
‘I’m not uncomfortable with my own thoughts Dean.’
For a moment Cas thought he was actually going to do it. Cas tried to move again and Dean leaned forward, pushing his shoulders down. Then Dean had a condom in his mouth that Cas hadn’t noticed and he was tearing off the wrapper with his teeth.
‘Deep.’ Dean nodded, trying not to let the atmosphere get too serious.
Rung out, he gargled some mouthwash, refilled his glass and went back to bed. He took small sips this time. Slowly. And the deep sick feeling began to subside. He found some painkillers in his drawer, tossed them back and went back to sleep.
Cas laid his head back with a scowl.
‘I think I have everything.’ Sam smiled and Cas looked away. The kindness so familiar in both brother’s eyes.
It wasn't until later in the night that their paths crossed again. By the time half eleven rolled around Cas wasn't drunk but very merry. He had talked to so many people he'd lost count. Everyone from a different place with a different name studying a different thing.
They say that when we remember things, we always remember the colours more vividly. The reel that played back in Cas' mind was just like that: a serious of colours. Everything was a hot red, the passion the anguish. And now it was a faded grey.
Meg came over to take Cas' hand. “Merry Christmas Clarence,” she smiled resting her head on his shoulder.
‘Wanna go to my car?’
Dean's mouth was so hot and wet and his lips moved gently from tip to base. Maybe Cas was wrong. Maybe Dean had done this before. Either way it was hard to think about anything else besides the way Dean's thumb pressed in to his hip, his free hand against Cas’s dick, holding it forward.
‘I -’ Dean started but stopped.
They had made it down the hall into Cas' room. In just their underwear, they moved slower now. Dean pulled Cas underneath him, sheltering him with his body. Cas kept his arms wrapped around Dean's neck. They could feel each other through the cotton, ready. Every tender kiss and touch of flesh scorching against Cas' skin.
He shoved his hands deep into his thick leather jacket. His head bowed slightly as if to hide his face from onlookers, but he knew no one here would recognise him. And on the off chance Sam was here, he could say he was just curious, came to see what the whole college thing was about and maybe if he ran into a few college girls on the way, all the better.
The drive home the next day was longer. But this time it wasn't because they got lost. Somewhere along the line they were talking and then flirting. Cas put his hand on Deans leg. He was trying to say thank you for a wonderful trip, by sweetly kissing him along his jaw, pretty much forgetting that he was trying to drive. And when Cas slowly ran his hand down Deans thigh, he had to completely stop the car.
He let himself remember the soft moans on his neck, the rough stubble kisses that traced his hips.
‘You do realise I’m right here?’ Charlie got up and pulled the flyer out of their hands. ‘It’s 2005, people are gay.’
Dean said nothing. Just sighed and put his face in his hands. Cas could see he was in deep pain and wanted to reach out and touch him.
Dean finally took Castiel’s throbbing erection in his hand and tossed it slowly.
But within a minute he looked up to find him stood before him, just a table between them.
. Pure, uncomplicated sex.
What had he
‘Do you want a drink? A beer?’
‘I think that’s why I like you.’ He continued. ‘Because we differ so much. You’re the movement and I’m the still. You’re day and I’m night. You're the sound and I’m the silence.’
He hadn’t realised it was a gay wedding. Two men sharing vows in a service that wasn’t technically a legal wedding in 2005, but it was still kind of sweet.
“Why?” Was all Cas could ask. “Why?”
Castiel moaned, his hands reaching out to pull at Dean's hips, bringing them closer to his. Dean's lips found their way to Cas’s throat, and he viciously pulled at the buttons there, exposing the collarbone to more of Dean's harsh kisses.
Castiel spent the next day in bed, barely able to bring himself to go to the bathroom. He just wanted to sleep and forget about how he’d let Dean wash over him then wring him out.
“Do you want to come up and spend it with me and my family?”
Cas signed.
Dean nodded and Castiel raised his eyebrows as a hint he should continue. ‘Dean. I’m Dean.’ He finally said.
Castiel wasn’t a big drinker, but he opened the whiskey he kept in the house in case people came over and poured Dean a glass.
Dean took another shot. The tequila hit hot and fast and it was just what he needed to steel his nerves.
He tried to focus on what actually mattered. His win at his last race and the teams qualifying to enter the cup. He checked his phone and had multiple missed calls from Sam.
‘Bye!’ Sam called politely, as he opened the door for Castiel, also making his way out of the building with another student from their class.
He could still taste Castiel in his mouth. He pulled off his boots and threw them at the wall.
Another tequila and he wanted the dance floor. His energy would have to manifest itself some other way and he considered stepping under the flashing lights and getting lost in the mass of bodies.
Still somewhat sticky, he waited in silence, but the tall stranger said nothing. Just closed his eyes and rested his head back against the seat as if to sleep.
‘We can’t.’
‘Let me know if you need anything else.’ Cas said, and quickly Sam said his goodbyes and was rushing off, probably to his next class.
‘I don’t.’
Cas wasn’t sure where the sudden surge of strength came from, usually just the sight of Dean reaching out for him made his every muscle shiver.
Dean was already in the car when he got the message. He had been out driving, trying to take his mind off Castiel, but he’d given in and texted him anyway.
Cas couldn’t think. It was all moving too fast and he just stood there, leaning half against his desk for support. His thoughts only focused on Dean's lips, his tongue, his teeth.
“From Him,” Cas simply replied. And then he led down on his back to stare at his ceiling. Meg was sure he wouldn't move for a while.
Finally, outside in the cool air the stranger turned to him, his permanent frown on Dean. Just as he looked as though he might say something, Dean cut in:
Blunt and short. Must be Dean.
This suddenly hit Deans ears and he looked up at them.
He looked out onto the dance floor, it was late and less busy than he’d hoped. Groups filled out the dance floor, sweaty and placated. The alcohol numbed them, loosening them the way Dean hoped it would do for him too.
Cas had a lump in his throat. He barely squeezed the words out. “What's your point?”
Cas didn't realise that he was staring at him until he'd watched him walk almost an entire length of stalls opposite them. A girl’s voice pulled him from his gaze.
But who was that? A professor? Sam gave a small wave to the guy that exited with him, along with the girl as he noticed Dean's car and came walking over.
‘I know, Dean.’ Cas nodded. ‘Let me reward
He took a step back. The door was closed. He probably wasn’t even in there. Dean was being crazy.
Dean studied his jaw, willing him to look up so that he could decide if he could do it: If he could actually pick up a guy in a club, or even just talk to him.
Castiel looked up at him while he too undid his shirt and pulled it over his head when most of the buttons were undone.
Bobby talked him through a customer car that had come in and what was required and Dean worked until his back ached and he was dead on his feet.
‘No, Dean.’ Cas said. Enough was enough. ‘Just leave.’
I used the second Meg Masters and the identity of that girl for Meg because she's my favourite version. And yes I borrowed "Barden University" in Georgia from Pitch Perfect, but wow what a film
“Where would we go?” Cas asked.
Dean gave a weak half smile, and blue-eyes gently slid the key in the lock and turned until they could hear it click.
He had convinced himself it was a drunk mistake that wouldn’t happen again. Everyone has fantasies but sleeping with guys wasn’t exactly on the list of things that would put Dean in John's good books.
“Why do you still have it?” Cas laughed.
He felt safe driving. He felt home. Through the night, on the track, in the rain. He felt the most in control under the hood of a car and behind the wheel.
‘Hello, Dean,’ He said. ‘I’m Castiel.’
Cas nodded.
He had been moving so fast, pressing so hard and yet everything seemed to slow. Crossing the line, Ellen spotting him.
. He stopped himself. Maybe he just wanted to get to know Cas. But Dean's message came almost instantly, proving this idea wrong.
‘I was worried.’
He washed his hands, changed his shirt and got in his car.
Cas was a step ahead now, leading Dean up the staircase and into his room. Closing the door on them again, Castiel turned to find Dean behind him, waiting again to pull him into another deep long kiss. Then his hands were everywhere.
“I'm sorry baby,” Cas mock apologised, rubbing Dean's chest. “It just would have been so messy otherwise.” He laughed.
Also I genuinely can't believe that when I finished writing this in Oct that I would be posting it in Nov and meanwhile the SPN fandom is ON FIRE. If you wanna come chat Destiel with me on tumblr please do because OMG THAT CONFESSION *my heart explodes*
“S'cuse me” he mumbled as he made his way towards the first door, hoping this one would be the bathroom. Instead he found it was a bedroom, and an occupied one at that. A girl and a guy were on the bed, he was on top of her, but they both still had their clothes on. They hadn't noticed him. Of course with the alcohol in his system it took him a moment to register what was happening. But just as he turned to walk away, he heard her.
It was late February now but Cas hadn't been right since January.
It was pathetic really, the way he wouldn’t just miss the orgasms or Cas’s mouth on his dick, but the unspoken agreement. The way Cas understood him, and didn’t ask him to be something he wasn’t. He let Dean pleasure him, come over and fuck his mouth whenever he pleased. And now it was over, like most of Dean’s relationships, in a hasty stupid moment.
‘No, Dean.’
“My mom is expecting me home but if you don't come with me, I'm not going.”
‘Sounds great.’ Dean said, with no idea what he was agreeing to.
“What are we Dean?” He asked, his mouth a fine line. Dean's eyebrows narrowed. “Are we just friends?” Dean shook his head.
Their clothes gone, Cas stayed there. He liked the power of towering over Dean. Deans thumbs dug into the pale, delicate skin at Cas' hips as he slowly sank onto his cock.
They had tried to qualify for NASCAR last year, but Dean just wasn’t fast enough. But this year would be different, he ran his hands over Bobby’s hard work, the car they would be entering.
The next morning he did the same. He asked Rufus to give him all of his tasks, he made an excuse about giving Rufus a break as he always stayed at the garage, keeping it running smoothly when Bobby, Dean and half of the team were out at race events. Rufus seemed confused but let Dean take over his workload, only stopping briefly for a quick lunch.
“Back to mine,” Cas tugged. Once they made it out of the building they were running. Hand in hand they made through the streets and finally into Cas' apartment building. Meg was out, thank God, he didn't remember where.
‘Oh yes,’ Anna chimed in. ‘I was commander of our regiment but when I was promoted Castiel got my job.’
When their breathing had become less intense, Cas spoke.
He laid on top of his bed, fully clothed and with a raging erection. He didn’t know how his body managed it, his mouth felt so dry and when he lifted his head he was immediately dizzy.
“What exactly do you do here?” he gestured around him at the posters and papers.
“Cas-”
. It had been the stranger from the night before. On impulse Dean flexed his fingers as if he could still feel hot skin beneath them.
His first instinct was to answer it. But then his head caught up with his heart, hesitating for a moment as it sat there, still ringing. Why was he doing this, Cas could feel the frayed fragments of himself undoing again. Maybe he liked the pain?
‘Yes!’ Dean almost yelled. ‘Does it matter?’
Cas was studying when his phone rang. It must have been 10pm, 11 maybe? It was the last thing he expected.
, he thought. He should turn back. Was he ready for this? Sober Dean tried to rear his head, forcing him to think logically. But Drunk Dean was howling in his own triumph. He was hot! He knew that! Women wanted him, men wanted him, this was easy.
‘I don’t really have a preference.’ Cas said.
“Oh really? Cause that's not what I heard two nights ago, 'Oh Dean, oh yeah'” she mimicked.
Dean asked Sam about school, his grades and classes. A lot of the subjects went over Dean's head but he nodded and sipped his coffee, trying to be the supportive Winchester in the way their dad wasn’t.
This was it. He was here and he wanted it. He couldn’t question his thoughts now they were actions.
‘Cas...’
Something flickered in his stomach, moving down into his underwear. He sighed. Remembering the encounter. How good it felt, how hot it was, how every moan had him weaker than any other random sex he’d ever had.
Meg was upset now. She slowly watched the tears travel down his face. How many tears had she seen Cas cry in the past months? Too many.
‘You taste like beer, Dean.’ Cas said.
‘Why? I know you want it.’
He thought about the wedding. About seeing everyone again, how they would all be paired up and happy and sharing pet photos or baby photos and he would be there alone with no date. The perpetual third wheel.
“This is your car?” Cas asked.
Dean smiled, looking out onto the road.
He looked up to find one of his students, Sam Winchester, hovering in the doorway.
Not long after, Dean found a sign for Dalton and Cas was so happy he leaned over to kiss him on the cheek.
He thought he would never see him again. But no. Fuck. He was one of Sam's teachers.
Cas took it from his hands without a word and threaded it through the sleeve.
“Still...” Dean’s lips formed a line. “You don't need to study art, look at this place,” he turned from Cas, holding his arms out in front of him. “You're like a freaking Picasso,” He picked up one of the paintings and held it up to admire.
‘Dean.’ Cas said playfully, knowing there was no way Dean could pull this off, definitely not this spontaneously and definitely not while this drunk.
When his mug was empty, he admitted defeat. He moved to the sink to rinse the cup, adding it to the rack and drying his hands.
‘I didn’t think.’
“Isn't she a beaut?” He slid one of his hands across the car, admiring it himself. Cas just nodded.
‘Yeah but girl on girl is fine. That’s
“I'm afraid.” Cas admitted.
‘This ok?’ He asked, and Dean nodded. He raked his fingers through Castiel’s hair and firmly guided his head back down onto his dick. Cas moaned onto Dean and Dean pushed harder, thrusting his hips and fucking Castiel’s mouth. Castiel’s hands gripped Dean's thighs and as much as he wanted it to last, he orgasmed hard. It pulsed through his body down to his dick and Castiel swallowed quickly, still gently moving Dean's dick back and forth in his mouth.
good. He memorised the curve of Deans muscles, running his hands down to the small of his back sending Dean fluttering and driving into him. Slow, deep thrusts at first. Meeting each one with a kiss, their eyes bore into one another. Until they grew quicker. Thrashing as their bodies unfolded into one another. It was a blur of skin and gasps, Dean’s hands exploring every inch of Cas. Dean treated Cas with devotion. His radiant body, curving into him, sending Cas reeling, his body clenching and back arching, until they both fell over the edge. There were no words, only moans and Cas had never heard himself make the sounds that burst from his lungs. Cas tried to place the feeling, bliss, euphoria even. His whole body quaked beneath him as Dean finally finished too.
He missed them, like family, and yet they reminded him of his guilt, the things he had seen, and just wanted to put in a box and file away forever.
In his stupid pride he had said something he didn’t mean and now he might never see Cas again.
As soon as they were through the door, their lips were together again, grasping at each other’s clothes with a furious craving.
“Then why?” Cas got up walking away from Dean. His voiced was raised this time. “Tell me what’s happening, tell me how you feel!”
Castiel waited. He should put the phone down. He shook his head. He was letting some random guy squat rent free in his mind. Some random hot guy.
Cas searched through his music. He must have it somewhere. Bingo. He unplugged the earphones and let the song play out quietly. It echoed horribly on the tiles but Cas didn't care.
Dean looked up. “That’s Joe, she's an old friend. And that's her parents, my uncle Bobby and aunt Ellen,” Dean pointed at the photo of his parents with two other people. “They're not really family but I've known them all since I was a kid. Bobby well, he's like a second father to me,”
‘Hello! Hello!’ Balthazar continued to chime, clearly a few glasses of champagne in at this point.
“Thanks!” She smiled, and skipped off.
Dean then began pulling at Castiel’s hips, Castiel sat up, raising a brow.
Dean sighed and got up, pulling away from Castiel’s hands.
Their lips crashed together just for a moment before Dean moved to his jaw, his neck, his hands reaching up to pull at Castiel’s tie, to tug it off.
done wrong? Dean had forgiven him, but for
‘What can I do for you?’ Castiel asked.
‘How are you here?’ Castiel’s voice was steady, and Dean searched it for a tone.
It was enchanting. Not just the tiny, fragile flakes that fell, but that entire moment: watching Dean as he ran through the white, his face beaming. He opened his mouth to catch them like a child.
Dean mumbled a response before asking ‘Who’s that?’ His eyes still on the stranger in the trench coat, walking to his car.
His body seemed to float, and every sensation focused itself on the pleasure Cas was giving him. Cas pulled back, wet spit dripping from his mouth.
, his mind whispered. Wet, hot things.
For days Cas would replay the moment back in his mind, when both him and Dean exchanged phones to put each other’s numbers in. And the way their fingers brushed at one point. Causing Cas to blush but Dean to smile.
It was in this moment, in those earlier hours of the morning, in that tiny kitchen that Cas realised how in love he was with Dean. It wasn't that he wanted him anymore, but he needed him. It scared Cas how he put this spark eyed boy at the top of his list. And how much his existence had become to mean to him. All those moments just feeling him breathe or watching him sleep came to this: being dragged head first without looking back into that delicate rush. Cas thought for a moment that he might be going mad. It wasn't even as if Dean was perfect or that he always called when he said he would. Sometimes he irritated Cas so much he ended up pacing rooms or cursing his name. It wouldn't ever be picture perfect, it wasn't that easy. Cas loved the way in which Dean said everything he needed to hear, and everything he didn't want to. He loved the way he felt comfortable on a knife edge, balancing on a tight rope. But he wanted someone that made him wait, someone who disregarded his need for personal space. But he couldn't change his mind, not now that he was already flying through the free fall.
“Dean,” Cas was crying now, shaking at the sound of his voice. Silence. “Dean?”
“Uhh...” Dean stuttered. Cas walked over and opened the drawer. He knew he recognised it.
‘I’ll text you.’ He said, his eyes struggling to meet Castiel’s and he left the room, his footsteps on the stairs and Cas heard the front door open and close.
He sighed.
Cas typed, although he was sure he wasn't going to get any sleep.
He spent the next few days in bed, and whenever his dad knocked to ask how he was doing he gave the same excuse that he still wasn’t feeling well.
“Cas...” Dean pined. Clutching at his collar and pulling him closer. Every trace, every skim. Each knead and delve and hold. Dean found the freckle on Cas' hip and Cas' found the dimples in his back.
“C- Castiel, my name is Castiel.” He assured him, and himself.
He put the phone down.
But the alcohol was making everything easy and soft around the ages. They seemed to make out fast, Dean climbing to straddle the stranger as they moved quickly in the small car.
Cas had apologised for putting him in an awkward position. He would never out anyone for his own selfish desires. But beyond that, all he had done was love Dean.
It shouldn’t have hurt but it did. Cas swallowed back the lump in his throat and didn’t move until he heard the door slam and the house was silent again.
He didn’t want Dean to beg. He shook his head and left the room, leaving Dean alone.
No one would care. And he was such an idiot.
‘Well done, Dean.’ Cas smiled.
Cas laughed. ‘You’re too drunk Dean.’
‘I was hoping I could take you up on that offer. To borrow the Jonathan Butler book?’ Sam looked down at his shoes.
Sam nodded. ‘I’ll try and make some Dean.’
“Yeah,” he never stopped smiling.
It was a beautiful ceremony. Dean and Cas sat toward the back, hands carefully kept to themselves.
Meg moved around the kitchen briskly, putting dishes into their sink. “We're just going up state for two days. Dean wants to take me to this art museum that he thinks I'll really love.” He smiled to himself at how cute he thought that was. She turned to give him a stare. “And we're going to stay at his sisters, who actually lives in north Georgia, and then we're coming back,”
, he thought.
‘What about you, Cas? What kind of music do you like?’
Dean's smile dropped.
‘We’re on the phone, Dean.’
Dean scoffed at that, only. But it was the way that Dean hung on his every word. The way in which once Cas got started talking about his art, the words became so much easier to him and they just flowed right out. It was as though his words glided through the air and into Dean, he looked almost mesmerized.
‘Here they are!’ A man Dean had been introduced to named Balthazar called loudly as the two grooms, Raphael and Virgil made their way over to the table.
‘You don’t miss it?’ Uriel asked Castiel.
Just thinking about their short time together made him sweat, his whole body seemed to flush at the thought of it. Of doing it again.
“Yes.” Cas rushed. He was so nervous. He had no experience with boys. He had no experience with anyone. This feeling was new and it glued his feet to the floor. It made his tongue stick to the top of his mouth like peanut butter. All he wanted was to look at this boy forever. This feeling was a deep want.
‘We qualified. I’m in the cup. I’m awesome!’
“From who?” she asked, although she had an inkling.
Cas stood outside his apartment building, hands in his pockets, patient. It was only October but he wore his coat and favourite dark red scarf. Perhaps the cold weather was going to come early this year. He'd had a text from Dean telling him that he was on his way to pick him up. The pair were going away for a weekend trip together.
For a brief moment he hoped it was true, that maybe Dean's head injury was actually more severe and he genuinely didn't remember Cas. But the look that flashed over Dean's face, the confusion and fear before he composed himself, that gave it all away.
“Just, put some clothes on.”
‘Hey.’
Dean was used to seeing Cas in a shirt and tie but he usually wore his trench coat over it. Now he wore a black blazer, his hair more neatly combed, a more polished pair of shoes.
‘What do you do?’ Castiel asked.
Cas yelled at himself, slamming his fist on his legs.
It was finally Friday and he spent the afternoon in meetings with faculty, discussing the exams that would be coming up in a few months along with the mountain of dissertation marking that would be awaiting him as all the students relaxed once their final semester projects were submitted.
’ He said, half awake. ‘I thought it was a home invasion.’
Dean moved his hands to stop him.
Dean paused, leaned back and opened the drawer.
“Not the same as what?”
He could let Sam off for that.
Castiel didn’t know why this was. Dean was always more reserved when he was sober and sometimes Dean would bring him to orgasm and leave before Cas could return the favour.
When John pulled away his eyes were glassy and big, ‘Well done Son, well done.’ He said, and turned away to let the rest of the team gather around Dean, taking his helmet and gloves and plying him with water. Dean began drinking on the drive back, Ellen had offered him a ride along with John and Jo who came for moral support.
“Happy New Year!!” Cas sang, pulling Dean into a hug.
Dean stumbled again over his own feet. Cas remembered how close they were, their bodies side by side. And when Dean turned to talk to him he could feel his warm breath on his cheeks.
And when Dean leaned towards him, tilting his head ever so slightly as not to hit their noses together, all Cas could do was close his eyes, and slowly melt as he felt Deans lips gently brush his.
‘What should I say to my friends Dean?’ Cas asked as he put Dean's wrist down and lifted the other.
What was it about this guy?
Dean couldn’t concentrate in the meeting.
He knew he should just forget about what had happened the night before, but that didn’t stop the thought of those green eyes clouding his mind.
“She looks like more than a friend,” Cas commented, fiddling with his hands.
And they both sat there for a moment on the bathroom floor, next to one another. Cas in just his t-shirt and underwear, he hadn't showered in at least two days. Meg dressed, but her hair looked a little messy from the wind. Probably just got in, Cas thought.
Later that day when Cas had finally showered and put on some clean clothes, Meg tapped on his door. He had been sat on his bed, legs crossed reading a history text book. Meg noticed how much more refreshed he looked now that he had showered, but his hair was still a mess.
“So this is where the magic happens?” Dean laughed.
The stranger was standing very close to him now. Dean suddenly realised he had brought a guy to his car and now he was looking up at him expectantly. Their eyes met and his blue eyes flicked down at Dean's lips.
Dean followed, careful to keep a pace or two away, the man was almost as tall as him, his trench coat trailing behind him.
Cas wrapped him in his arms, he was hysterical.
He wanted to be with Cas. Perhaps not totally in the feelings-relationship way but he wanted to know his body, all of it.
‘Oh come on. You can’t be one of those people that doesn’t like music.’
His Impala was in a nearby parking lot and he dropped his keys as he struggled to put them in the lock. Nerves? Yes. But also alcohol, he reminded himself.
“Of getting hurt,” Dean could see the liquid in Cas' eyes and it scared him. He began shaking his head.
.’ She said, rolling her eyes, folding up the flyer and putting it in her pocket.
Cas wasn't sober and he could tell by how badly he kept Dean upright and the fits of laugher Dean would send him into every time the pair almost toppled over. But he tried to breathe in as much of the fresh air as he could.
Over and over Cas stifled his moans. Dean's tongue caressed his head that was rock hard and bright red against his lips. His eyes looked up to watch Cas. To see him shudder and every movement seemed to spur Dean on further, his mouth pumping faster and faster until Castiel’s body tensed with the overwhelming pleasure and he held Dean's head close as he came hard into his mouth.
‘Yeah it’s fine. Trying not to fall behind.’ Sam gave a nervous laugh.
And Dean acted like he didn’t even know him. Like he was a stranger.
It was just days later when they shared their first kiss. They had spent the evening together at one of the student bars on campus. Cas hadn't had as much to drink as Dean and it was around half eleven that Cas wanted to go because he had class in the morning.
hardening, but Dean swayed and steadied himself by gripping Castiel’s hips harder.
He moved straight through the front door, not checking to see if his dad was up and quickly locked himself away in his room.
‘Dean?’ Ellen said, pulling him back to the room.
Dean moved like he was on fire. Like everything else was too slow and he had to have Cas, have him moaning and writhing in his hands as fast as he could, like Cas might slip away and he would be left with nothing but empty sheets.
He knew the area and slowly followed the roads around to pull up by Cas’s place. Then, out of some strange fear he pulled away and parked two streets away, shrugging up his jacket collar and walking up to the door. He knocked lightly, his head bowed but it was already dark out and the street was all but deserted by pedestrians.
‘Anything stronger?’ Dean laughed, trying to break the awkward tension he felt.
Dean showed Cas his record collection. He poured over the Led Zeppelin and then the Foreigner, and Blue Oyster Cult. He sat in Deans pretty much empty room, all his stuff being at Barden, and thought about the boy who had spent his life here.
Dean immediately shook his head and Sam gave him that confused look before laughing it off.
‘Of course.’ Cas nodded, standing to find the book on his bookshelf. There were many textbooks recommended for the course that Castiel taught and not all of them had copies in the University library. The few Castiel had, he always offered out to students who couldn’t get hold of a copy. Castiel knew that Sam Winchester was on a full scholarship and books like these started at $50, even used. He pulled the book down and handed it to Sam who took it with a thankful smile.
Immediately Cas looked back to where he'd left his gaze. He was still there, but this time he was the one looking at Cas. Caught. And before Cas could avert his eyes, they met. He remembered the way that those green eyes had pierced right through him, giving him shivers just for a moment. And then Cas looked away awkwardly. He began shuffling around the stall and tidying piles of papers and flyers and pens.
Dean took in his shirt, clean and ironed. How the blue of his tie brought out his eyes and they somehow seemed brighter in the daylight. His frown was softer but still there, his heavy brows questioning Dean's appearance.
The song changed to something slower but Castiel and Balthazar kept dancing. Cas put his head on Balthazar’s chest and Balthazar rested his chin on Cas.
“Come on,” he said. “I'll walk you back to your dorm.”
REO Speedwagon played quietly as Cas took Deans hands, tugging him. “Dance with me?” Dean was amazed at how his blue eyes still twinkled in the small glow.
He breathed deeply, sitting down on his bed and putting his head in his hands.
The grooms did the rounds, thanking everyone for their attendance. They shook Castiel’s hand briefly.
But Cas hadn’t called or text. Dean remembered the moment in blurs. Shit. He had actually tried to fuck Cas? Actual full on anal. Not that he was afraid of it or hadn’t thought about it but
“I know there are things I haven't said to you Dean. But that’s only because I'm afraid you won’t feel the same.”
And Dean was right, Emily was beautiful just like her brother. She had a petite but finely toned body but he couldn't remember what she did for a living. She lived alone but her house had four bedrooms and three bathrooms, two of which were en suite.
For a moment Dean wondered if Castiel didn’t remember him. His silence suggested that maybe he had been too drunk and didn’t even recognise him. Why did that make Dean feel a little bit shit?
‘Do you want this Dean?’ Castiel asked.
‘It’s not like that.’ Cas said.
‘That’s the deal Cas. Take it or leave it.’
Dean jumped, swirling around and almost hitting Cas is the face.
“I'm going.” Cas stated. And that was the conversation over.
‘Can I...’ He paused. His voice quiet, ‘Can I have your number?’
It was just one time. Dean wasn’t hurting anyone. And what was his business was his business. A part of him so badly wanted to say
‘I’m good.’
“Caaasss,” Dean said again.
‘Oh.’
‘He teaches some of my law modules.’ said Sam.
Dean's mind seemed to shut down, all of his focus was on the hot wet lips that grazed his skin. He moaned involuntarily. His hand fumbled behind himself to find the door handle.
Dean watched him. It was nice to see him smile so widely, drunk and swaying his hips. He took Anna’s hand and the pair did a mock tango hold before Balthazar cut in, taking Castiel’s other hand and spinning him.
She sat in his desk chair across from his bed, and spun it to face him. His bedroom was tiny, their entire flat was. But it was theirs.
“Dean,” Cas spoke, walking towards him. He seemed to have his headphones in. “Dean,” Cas said quietly, lightly touching him on the shoulder.
“You've gotta be kidding me,” Cas just laughed.
“I can't! I can't...” he rocked. Until eventually they both just sat there, quietly crying.
“Freshman?” Clearly Cas could only manage one word communications at the moment. The guy had slight stubble but Cas could see that there was a younger face behind it. He was taller than Cas though. Not by much. But then again most guys were taller than Cas.
Cas got up and stood on the other side of the bed leaving Dean alone.
He was doing this. He was actually pacing down a corridor of offices scanning each of them until he saw it. The little plastic plaque that read:
He asked. Granted having sex here was safer than in a parking lot or his office. He knew he could handle Dean, even if he was slightly bigger than him, his muscles firm and-
‘For real?’ Dean glanced at him, taking his eyes off the road for just a moment.
“He does, and a sister too,”
But Dean was swaying, clearly more drunk than usual and Castiel could even smell the beer and sweat.
‘Looking good Novak.’ Dean joked, trying to fasten a cufflink and failing.
He called in sick at work and went through the motions of picking up the phone to call Dean and apologise but put it down again. If Dean wanted to see him again, he would. The key was always there and sure enough, a week later when Castiel was actually showering again and preparing to go back to work the next day, Dean showed up in the early hours, stomping through the house. Cas sat up, half asleep.
“Oh,” Cas looked at the contents of the box properly now. He began searching through it, digging.
“Oh, not with you,” Dean laughed.
to pick up Sam from his lecture. He had to see him again. And now he knew his name. Where he worked. As if it was some kind of sign.
“Why are you laughing?” Dean was unable to understand the wild laugher. Cas just shook his head, laughing more. “Cas? Cas.” Dean’s face was serious. But Cas just leaned his head back over the seat. Eventually Dean, was so confused and entertained by Cas' fit, he began laughing himself.
‘I’m not!’ He spanked Cas on the ass and leaned down, leaving wet kisses down Castiel’s back, before hooking his hands up around Castiel’s hips, and hoisting him up onto his knees.
The bedroom was small enough that Meg could sit facing away from his desk and still be able to rest her feet on Cas' bed. He closed his book and rested it beside him, waiting for her to speak. “So come on Clarence, spill.”
Dean stayed. Even at twenty-five he still lived with his dad. He told himself that all the money he saved he could put into his racing. But in reality, he knew that if he didn’t feed John he wouldn’t eat, and if he didn’t check on him everyday, one day he might not wake up.
“Cas?”
‘You know him?’ Dean nodded his head toward the stranger who was now getting into his car and moving out of the parking lot.
“It's snowing!!”
“So the 'Barden Post'?” He asked, picking up a leaflet and slowly flicking through it.
“Goodbye Dean.”
“Are you okay?!” Dean looked over Cas, panic in his eyes.
Meg was from Cheboygan. She originally ran away to LA to be an actress, but gave up, went home, came here. She was doing the whole school thing for her family. Trying to get back in their good books for taking off, she really didn’t want to do it. But she did. She told Cas about how she wanted to set a good example for her younger sister. She studies Art.
Forever the name on his lips. Like a sweet taste or a last kiss.
-’ He breathed involuntarily and Castiel laughed.
“Cas?” He heard him gently call. And Cas came running out of his bedroom and into Deans arms.
‘Just go.’
‘I’m so proud of you, Dean.’
“Actually I was kinda just looking for an excuse to talk to you.” He gave a confident smile.
Right then Castiel felt pure. Not numb, like he did now. The alcohol drained from his system and he was almost sober. With Deans lips against his he moved without even thinking - like somehow even if his mind couldn't fathom it his body could. Their lips moved slowly and Cas liked how they fit together along with their small breaths. Dean moved to put his hands on Cas' cheeks. They were so warm against his chilly face.
Shit. He was so turned on.
The man beneath him stopped too.
Dean felt his neck get hot. He was handsome, he admitted without thought, and rather than look away, Dean forced himself to maintain eye contact.
Also PS thank you for the comments. I love a bit of drama in my fanfiction so I'm glad y'all are enjoying it! To be nice I'm posting two chapters today! And an fyi, this fic is already finished so I promise you won't be left hanging.
‘I wanna fuck you,’ Dean breathed, and with all his drunk strength, he rolled Cas over onto his front.
‘I do.’ Castiel said.
He didn’t even care about having a plus one for the wedding he just wanted to see Dean. Feel his rough kisses on his thighs. The way his eyes would gaze down at Cas as he stroked him. His moans when Cas would bring him so close to orgasm and his little laugh when Cas would slow it down again, dragging it out.
‘Fuck.’ Was all he had said as they redressed themselves.
Dean was defenceless as Cas' rode him, throwing his head back in pleasure. Cas smiled down at him in delight. Faster and faster and harder and harder until... nothing. Cas froze, leaving Dean hanging, just before he reached his climax. His eyes opened wide. “Cas,” he begged, “Please?”
Something in Dean snapped.
Cas even got to meet Bobby, Ellen and Joe. Cas was as polite to Joe as he could be but he didn't like the way she was around Dean. She clearly still felt something for him. And Cas hated the way he couldn't do anything, him and Dean were” just friends” after all. But the way she looked at Cas, it was like she knew something was going on between them. As though she knew why Dean had turned her down and what he was.
He bustled in wearing his work uniform and carrying a large box of flyers. He had come straight there after his shift. Luckily Liddy (who was kind of like his editor in chief – third year) was already there along with that Jason kid who was a second year, but pretty much just a coffee boy for Liddy. He must have only written one or two short pieces that Liddy had actually decided were up to her standards and published. She was snooty but Cas tried to see past that.
“What's this?” Meg asked, pulling out a leaflet. Cas got up, his agonisingly rigid body disagreeing with movement.
The weather had gotten so much colder. Cas marvelled at the way the leaves still clung to the trees. The tough ones that refused to give in while others stayed bare. They were still pretty bare now, they mourned with him, unable to transform back into their own beautiful selves.
‘I think we got to know each other pretty well in the back of my car.’ Dean looked up to meet Castiel’s eyes, they were wide and a blush spread up over his cheeks.
Dean knew he needed to focus. Knew he had a big race coming up and his mind needed to take in the stats and strategies Bobby was discussing.
“Well, welcome to BU.” he said calmly.
Something caught in his chest. He was being pursued by this confused, beautiful man and yet that heat down in his stomach seemed to build.
“What's that?” he asked. He was sure it was fabric.
‘Right Dean?’
, he thought.
He could just turn around now, and walk away. Castiel didn’t know who he was. Castiel didn’t know what he did and hadn’t come looking for him. If Dean didn’t want this,
He shouted. His arms spread wide, waiting for a response.
‘Guys with guys? Guys dressing up as girls? Nah.’ Gordon shook his head. ‘That’s just not right.’
‘I know. We can do that. Just not tonight.’
‘I’m going to fuck you if you keep saying my name like that.’ Dean warned.
Dean reached for him again, trying to pull him further towards him.
‘Daytona?’
“Yeah,” Dean yawned. “I don't know, I guess sleep doesn't agree with me tonight.”
‘There it is.’ Dean said, but he couldn’t help it, a grin took over his face. ‘Besides there are guys younger than me who have already won this thing.’
‘Yes. But also Bobby called me!’ Sam's voice got high and excited. ‘What the hell Dean? Why didn’t you text?’
“I'm Cas,” he introduced himself, being as friendly and not flirty as possible.
“Oh no,” Dean said, figuring out what was coming.
Gordon and Benny were laughing at something Charlie had left on her desk.
But there was something familiar. Dean watched the dark haired stranger, the frown even as he smiled a nod at Sam, the trench coat.
Cas was fast and had his hands on Dean's underwear, tugging it down before Dean could really take in what was happening.
But Castiel didn’t want to forget Dean. Yes, his conflicting messages seemed confusing, he wanted to touch Cas and for Cas to touch him but only on his terms. Cas knew he shouldn’t waste his time. He was thirty-five-years-old for Christ’s sake. Dean did not seem like the kind of guy who would want to be with an almost forty-year-old, let alone be with anyone at all.
“And I'm transferring next year,” Cas didn't interrupt. He just let him talk. “I'm doing well. My Dad's home,” He could hear Dean clenching his jaw, holding back his grief.
Dean arrived at the shop earlier and left later. The days passed easier like this and he wondered why he hadn’t done this before. All those thoughts that he had tried to suppress and if he had just kept busy, morning until night he might not have ever acted on them.
Castiel sighed.
“At the end,” she lazily replied. When Cas opened the door with Meg still draped on him, he could have sung he was so happy to find that this in fact, was a bathroom. And surprisingly there was no one in it. He sat Meg down on the seat on the toilet.
‘Hey,’ he said quietly, when Cas opened the door and he slipped inside.
Then they yelled for a little more until Dean walked out. And that was their first real fight.
Was this right?
‘Oh.’ Castiel repeated, sitting back down in his chair and gesturing to offer Dean the seat in front of his desk.
. They were in his office and with a swift movement Cas pulled away to lock the door.
They stirred. “What is it?” Dean asked, rubbing his eyes.
He forgot about checking into his motel and got a ride straight to the airport and sat waiting for the next flight back to Kansas City.
Dean got up and made his way to the bar. He was sick of wine and needed something stronger. He ordered a Whiskey and sipped it slowly as he leaned against the bar looking out onto the dance floor.
“Happy New Year Cas,” he said and he pulled him in for a kiss. It lasted moments and yet years, a consuming, harsh kiss. Like a first, or a last. Cas smiled behind the kiss in all his elation. The words came out before he could stop them.
He remembered shouting at the empty walls. The way his legs moved but he couldn't feel them, running. Finally he reached Dean's dorm room. Empty. Even Cas' things weren't there.
‘You’re a real poet Cas.’
When Dean's mother Mary died, their father took it hard. He stopped going to work, stopped talking, stopped being a father in almost all respects. He drank, more and more, until Bobby took over his garage completely and Dean handled the family business as soon as he was old enough. Sam, as if in protest, had no interest in becoming a mechanic and moved out as soon as he received his scholarship to study Pre-Law at Kansas State.
“Hello Castiel.” Cas calmed himself by remembering that he was wearing a name tag. Perhaps he had forgotten him, but Cas found out that wasn't the case.
Cas didn't know what to say. So instead he took it from Deans hand and put it neatly back in the drawer. “Keep it,” he said, closing the drawer and walking back over to Dean. He sat down beside him, smiling. He pulled Deans face towards him, he could see he was still a little embarrassed. He kissed him and Dean kissed him back, hesitant at first and then ferociously. Dean leaned back and Cas pulled his leg round so that he was sat on Deans lap, taking his face in his. Dean gazed up at Cas, waiting for his next move, a wicked half smile on his lips.
Dean sighed. ‘If you need money-’
“That’s stupid,”
Dean hugged him tighter. “She always kind of had a thing for me,” Dean sounded smug. “And, I don't know it just seemed like everyone was expecting us to... I don't know, be childhood sweet hearts or something?”
‘We fucking did it, Cas.’ He breathed into Castiel’s skin, moving to line his shoulder with more kisses.
But it had all been wrong. Cas hadn’t understood him.
‘You can still change your mind.’ Cas said. ‘I can go alone.’
Fuck. What was he doing here? He wasn’t gay. Maybe a bit bi. But not that bi. Not like fucking guys bi.
“Well then what was it? You don’t exactly look like hugs and puppies,”
Not beautiful. Ugh. Whatever. His eyes and lips and cheeks were just... Shit. Dean sighed.
He was happy for Raphael and Virgil, he really was. They had been friends in Castiel’s regiment and it was so obvious there was something between them.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Are you okay?” he asked, noticing that her cheeks were wet.
‘Cas?’ Dean breathed, reaching out further and finally grabbing Cas’s shoulders. He brought rough kisses down onto Cas’s lips and cheeks and throat and for a second Cas wanted it. Wanted to sink back and let Dean have him.
Cas couldn't really look at her, he fiddled with his hands.
Dean put down his things and joined them, they were holding a flyer for a theme night at Dorothy’s. Dean tried not to blush as he recognised the logo.
He looked down the curved bar to see one other person. A dark haired man nursing a spirit of some kind. He wore a beige trench coat and beneath was a shirt and tie, as if he’d just come from work.
‘Hello.’ The man finally said.
Dean didn’t speak, just sighed and ran his hands through his hair. Cas waited.
But before Cas could kiss him, Dean turned his face away.
He didn’t want to think about how mad Dean must have been. How mortified and embarrassed he looked. The hot blush came over Castiel’s cheeks again.
Dean hated that he couldn't watch Cas, and that the road was what needed his attention instead. His beautiful bright eyes took everything in as it moved past them. He caught Cas smiling and the serene look on his face had him caught. Just for a moment and then...
His fists balled together, crushing the napkin that was below his fingers and he shot back his drink.
Breathless and so turned on they both reached down to the fabric between them, Dean tugging at the black belt holding up trousers and a pale pair of hands fumbled to unzip Dean's jeans.
‘What? You want me to take you to prom all of a sudden? Buy you dinner, is that it?’
“And a good morning to you too,” Dean stepped forward to plant a kiss on his cheek.
Dean pulled a sour face at this which made Cas laugh.
He hadn’t tried to change Dean, he didn’t want Dean to change, he just wanted him to get over his shame. And maybe Cas could show him something different, help him be able to come out, even if not for Castiel but for himself, because sometimes it seemed like it was killing him. He knew it was fruitless but a small part of him hoped. A tiny, dark corner of his heart ached for Dean to be his. Only his.
Sam was tall and somewhat awkward as he thumbed at the bag hanging from his shoulder.
Cas tried to push the sinking feeling in his stomach away, the emptiness that made him want to vomit, again. His eyes blurred from the tears he didn't realise had come.
“What are you doing?” Cas laughed. Dean had propped open the fridge door with a carton of milk, and it shone in strange patterns on their faces. Neither of them awake enough to turn the overhead light on, too bright.
Cas led Dean to a large red bricked building that wasn't a far walk from Cas' apartment. He pulled out a set of keys unlocking a door and taking Dean into a small hallway. This was what Cas always had to do when he came to his studio. Lock doors after himself, walk through the small hallway and up stairs to the first floor, then another set of stairs to the second floor, and then right to the end of the corridor. Dean stayed silent, just following. Cas pulled out his keys again and shifted through them until he got one which unlocked the large door, sliding it to the right.
Dean was able to see his face better now, it was still dark out, but the lights were steadier here. Still handsome, almost cute, nice body type.
Sam shook his head. ‘Whatever... you’ll be on the road soon then I guess?’
“What's going on?” she shouted over the crowd. Dean just turned on his heels, and ran through the crowd, away from the chaos and away from Cas. Cas tried to run after him. But he was lost in people, until he found Meg.
“I know what I want for Christmas now,” Cas declared. And Dean rolled to face him.
‘They Army too?’ Dean leaned over to ask Cas.
Back in his office Castiel was resolved to forget Dean. It didn’t help that every time he looked up he was faced with the wall he had arched his back against as Dean gave him the best blowjob he’d had in months. Years even.
‘It’s the best. Well... yeah... the best!’ Dean nodded, bringing his forehead down to touch Castiel’s.
He sat naked on the bed as Dean, fully clothed, leaned down to put a hand on his shoulder.
‘Jealous already, Castiel?’ He gave another half smile and put the glass down on the counter.
‘What else would you say?’
The kitchen was pitch black besides the faint glow of the refrigerator light. He could see Dean, bent down, peering inside. He hummed gently and Cas could recognise his stature anywhere.
‘NASCAR baby.’ Dean grinned, kissing Cas on the lips again.
Dean cleared his throat and Castiel stood from his chair, as if by reflex.
About half an hour later they talked while Dean drove. That kind of warm conversation that Cas only met in his dreams now. Cas had asked Dean about what Emily and Sam were like.
“Meg.” She tilted her head as though she was trying to understand him. And that was when she realised he wasn't interested. She rolled her eyes. She wasn't used to being passed up like this by guys. Cas kind of just stood like a robot, almost unsure of what to say. “Whatever,” she stated, flicking dark curls from her face and walked back over to where a group of girls – Cas guessed were her friends – were standing in a group.
Thanks again for reading guys!
Dean got up then and began pulling on his clothes.
‘Just let me know if you need anything else.’
“... No, get off of me!” Her voice was angry. Cas turned to see that, actually she was struggling. He recognised her, the girl from earlier. Meg.
He hadn’t wanted to ask the question, he probably should have never even invited Dean but what was he supposed to say?
'Cruel Summer', 'Illicit Affairs', 'Hoax' and 'Delicate' - all by Taylor Swift
‘I gave him a ride yesterday. Saw you here. Small world.’ Dean looked away again.
‘I don’t do sweet.’ He said, looking down at the space between them.
They had pretty much set the whole stall up, they were just waiting on Cas with flyers. Liddy looked so relieved when she saw him although she didn't even greet him. Instead he quickly took off his work shirt and folded it neatly on a chair behind him and pulled a woolly old jumper from his bag and over his head. Comfort.
‘Hey.’ Sam said, pulling on his belt. ‘What the hell Dean? I had to find out from Bobby.’
“Hi,” the boy said, giving Cas a gentle smile that had laughter behind it. Cas really liked the way his lips curved.
When Cas finally made it back to his apartment it was empty. All of Dean’s things were gone, with just his key left on the kitchen cabinet.
The guy wouldn’t look at Castiel again, at least not in the eye. They sat in silence and the fair haired guy had given him some tissues to wipe his hands with.
Cas was certain Dean didn't know where they were going. It was almost coming up to 2 hours in the car and Dean had come off the highway and was now taking smaller roads instead. At least it was only around 11am. Cas thought about saying something but he didn't want to offend Dean. He could tell he was the kind to tell him to shut his cake hole, I know where I’m going. Castiel smiled at that and continued to look out the window.
Cas shook his head.
‘Yeah can I just-’ Dean let out an exasperated breath. ‘A personal number. Like to text.’
The closer they got the more his face seemed pained, almost as if he was angry at his own body. But he had come. Castiel had coaxed it out of him, their foreheads pressed together, his eyes opened to see Castiel. Staring so intently as his body shuddered and finished over their hands and Castiel’s stomach.
And that’s when it cuts out. Kind of. He couldn't remember their exact words. He even wondered if Deans voice still sounded the way it did in his head but maybe he'd forgotten and he was making that up too.
. She pointed out his friend
Dean found his lips at the edge of the man's underwear. He could see the outline of his dick, grown and ready. He looked up at his face, it was expressionless and waiting.
“I was hungry!” Dean smiled.
Cas moved forward, and rolled over before Dean could blink.
“Fine.. I'm fine.” Cas was fine, just surprised. And then out of nowhere, he started laughing. Laughing because Dean was a great driver and in that moment he wasn't. Laughing because he was in a car with a guy he really liked and they were spending the two days together, laughing because he was nervous about meeting Emily. He just couldn't stop himself.
‘No.’ Cas responded in his usual deadpan tone, and Dean looked away again.
‘What are you doing?’ Dean said, his smile fading.
And Castiel
‘Sam, Samuel Winchester.’
By the time Cas finished high school, it was just him and his father. His two brothers had moved away and the pair lived quietly together in Pontiac, Illinois. When Castiel found out he had earned a scholarship to study at Barden University in Atlanta, the deal was that Cas would study his second favourite subject, History and Politics.
‘Hello.’ He said, exactly the way he had when they met.
“Not like that,” Cas looked away from him and Dean finally understood what he meant.
‘How did you get this number?’ He sighed.
Cas shook his head. ‘The lube, Dean.’
“Wait, I thought he had a brother?” she asked, turning to face him.
“Castiel look at me,” He held Cas' face in his palms now. “I don't know exactly who I am, or why I want you. I'm not even sure I know what this is, but hell, I know I’ve never felt this way about anyone else before. And I will promise you this: The last thing I want to do is hurt you.”
He laughed and the stranger knelt to pick them up.
“This baby is a '67 Chevy Impala,” He gave a gratified smile.
Cas couldn't bear the dead air.
He was wailing again. His body convulsing. Until that feeling churned inside him. He ran into the bathroom, just in time to vomit.
“Where is it? WHERE IS IT?!!” He shouted, erratic, until the box was empty.
A sudden anger burst through him. He wanted to stride over, push Balthazar away and let him know that Cas was his.
‘And see you crash and burn, how could I miss it?’
He questioned for the fifth time why he’d come here or more likely how he got here. He had gone for a casual few drinks at The Roadhouse and stumbling along the strip back to his baby he had passed the club. In the back of his mind he knew the answer: he wanted to get laid.
. If he had just known then what he did now, perhaps he would have ran. But he knew he wouldn't have. He would do the whole thing over again and take the worst if it meant the best too.
“I can't... I'm with someone else now.”
Dean looked away, biting his lip. “Uh... yeah,”
In his dreams he played it all back. Faster than a plane in take-off. It crushed him that the moments he remembered most were the good ones. Why would you want to remember the bad? But Cas searched for something, anything to make him want to regret. But he couldn't.
“May I?” Cas gestured towards his hanging headphone and put it in his ear. Luckily it was some slow Stones; otherwise there was no way he would have been able to deal with it at this hour. Cas closed his eyes and leaned his forehead against Dean's chest, hugging his arms around Dean’s waist. They rested there for a moment and then he had an idea.
Silence.
If the stranger had just stayed a stranger, Dean could have forgotten about it. Accepted the fleetingness of it and got on with his life.
“No...”
‘You’re drunk.’ Cas repeated.
“Is everything okay?” He asked, coming towards Cas but he held his hands out.
Then Dean smiled a small smile. It wasn't that Cas didn't want to kiss Dean because he did. It was just that he was so nervous that all the butterflies that had been slightly stirring in him all night were now fluttering from wall to wall, banging at their cage. It glued Cas to the spot again.
If he didn’t have these rides when would he see Sam? They would have to make plans like actual adults. Arrange a time and place and drink and it was just so much easier to talk when he had the road in front of him to focus on.
He placed it to his ear.
Quickly, Dean got up and pulled down Castiel’s underwear.
“That's not an answer-”
“How are you?”
They ended up off road down some beaten track somewhere, making out in the back seat. Cas laid back while Dean got on top of him. Their bodies writhing against each other. His fingers clawed against the leather and he hoped no one could hear him moan as Dean went down on him.
Cas did nothing, just looked at Dean's hard erection against his stomach and then turned his gaze to meet Dean’s eyes.
‘That was...’ Castiel breathed. ‘Good’
There was a book and some glasses. A few pens and random change. But there was also an array of sex toys.
‘I want to fuck you.’ He breathed, reaching out for Cas’s hands and Cas smiled.
“Why?” Dean sat down on the bed, fiddling with it.
‘Are you stalking me?’ He asked.
‘I wish you had been there.’
And if he was turning to a stranger, he was probably alone too.
They pulled on the layers and then ran out after her. Cas almost slipping.
When they had piled down and the house still smelt like stuffing Mary, Cas and Emily finished the washing up between them, setting down at the breakfast bar for a drink, the others still at the table, talking amongst themselves.
‘Let me.’
For Dean, family was number one. It always had been. And although his father was away a lot, for sometimes years at a time, Dean would give anything to have the kind of courage his father did. At one point, being a marine was all he wanted to do. Be like his Dad. They were the people that could hurt him the most, but also the ones that he would lay down his life for in a moment. He couldn't understand how Cas, when talking about his family, could be so nonchalant. Dean figured that there were a lot of things he wouldn't understand about Cas' family.
“You need to understand,” he pleaded, his voice broken. “You don't know my Dad,”
‘I’m not a virgin,’ Dean smirked, ‘If that’s what you mean.’
“Cas?” Meg was worried, watching him pulling things out and throwing them around.
But it was too late. His orgasm came swiftly and with it, Castiel’s eyes bright and blue, gazing down at him, fixated.
One night Cas woke to a cold empty bed. “Dean?” he called out, but no reply. He could hear movement in the kitchen. He hugged his sweatshirt closer to him. He was only in that and his underwear.
“I am not, put that down.” Cas shook his head.
Cas turned to look at him. “I don't know, why?”
‘Have you been with other men?’ Cas asked.
Inside was Cas' haven. His safe place. He was the only one who had the key, and no one but him came in here besides his landlord, and now Dean. Dean’s eyes lit up as he took the room in. It was hardly the art gallery Dean had taken Cas to. Just tall brick walls painted white. A long room crowded with canvases and paint and paper and desks, stools, easels.
“Dean?” Cas wondered if he was still awake.
‘I don’t know. I don’t want to make you uncomfortable.’
He collected the papers together on his desk. He would carry on marking them when he was less distracted. Right now he would pack up and head home. Perhaps a new recipe and a full stomach would take his mind off the memory of thick muscles under his hands and fingers lost in his hair.
The art gallery was something that slipped Cas' mind more than other things. Instead he just remembered the way Deans hand felt in his as he led him through the huge rooms. He noticed Dean more than any of the art that was on the walls, though it was wonderful. Just the architecture itself was striking.
Castiel’s place was dimly lit, expensive looking lamps dotted the living area. His open kitchen dining room was all dark woods and marble tops. It was immaculate.
Cas was in hysterics as Dean punched the steering wheel for dramatic effect, swaying to the guitar.
Cas reached down to pull up his pants and offered Dean the water on his desk.
Cas gently moved, taking Dean out of him. Then swiftly he bent down and took him in his mouth. Dean's head reeled back again. Cas only had to work over him for a moment and then he hit his sweet spot. Cas swallowed and watched him as he twitched. Laughing.
Cas moved away from Dean and the photos, towards other things, text books that looked relatively untouched. He wanted to ask Dean what 'this' was because he wasn't even too sure himself.
It was all just too pathetic. Too repetitive.
Dean couldn’t look at Castiel. His boner pressed hard and painful in his jeans. But Cas could see a shame come over him, the way his face changed from excited arousal to confused anger, just like before.
Deep into quoting another academic on contract law, his phone rang.
“Too much.” At this point he stood up to throw the tear-stained paper in the bin and her eyes followed him. “Angel face,” she smiled, recognising him.
The museum was in Dalton and Emily, Dean's older sister lived just on the outskirts. They were pretty sure the trip would only take them 2 hours at the most, but probably less depending on whether or not Dean wanted to avoid highways. Dean admitted that he had never actually done this drive before. His sister was always the one who came to visit them at home after she moved out and that wasn't long before Dean had started college. He hadn't even seen her new place yet.
Dean sighed and his smile slipped. He shrugged. Put his arm up to his neck, did every anxious body language move possible and finally mumbled, ‘No. You are the first.’
Dean reached out to take Cas’s chin in his hands, and guided him forward to his cock.
Dean squeezed his eyes shut, placing his fingers on the bridge of his nose, standing up. Cas ran his fingers through his hair.
“I shouldn't even be calling you, I just... I had too much to drink I guess and...”
Dean pulled up near the back of the parking lot. He didn’t want to risk Cas seeing his car and confronting him.
This time Castiel didn’t hesitate. He picked it up and held it to his ear.
Cas was a little nervous about meeting a member of Deans family but sooner rather than later Cas guessed.
‘Do you want to stop?’ He asked, sensing Dean's confusion, their eyes meeting again like they had at the bar.
Dean gave a forced smile but shook his head.
“Who's that?” Cas asked.
At work the following day Cas shuffled as he sat in his chair. He couldn’t forget the sensation. His ass still felt raw, like Dean’s cock was still there nestled up inside him. The sex had been so intimate, so hot and yet loving. Cas knew the pleasure was hazing his judgement, having him believe he and Dean were something they weren’t and for the third morning in a row he had woken with Dean's hard dick pressed up against his ass, reminding him of the way he was stupidly falling for a man he could barely even ask on a date to a wedding.
Cas rolled his eyes.
“Why don't you tell me how
Well I woke today (6.11.20) to post this chapter to DESTIEL TRENDING WTF ?!?! I haven't seen the full episode but I'm aware of THAT SCENE. I have a lot of feelings and the season isn't even over yet !?
The kitchen floor was now holy ground, as they danced together in a state of grace.
He did. Dean nodded. Why did that give him some kind of satisfaction? He looked around the office, at the work on the desk, the shelves of books, the trench coat hung up on a hook by the door.
Cas just laughed. “C'mon...” Dean encouraged. “Skip class, take a risk! Stay out with me,”
. He checked the time. He was late.
“Why did you bring me here, if you don't think your work is good enough to be looked at?” Dean questioned, slowly stepping back towards him.
Cas put down Dean's other hand. Dean looked away but Cas tried to find his eyes as he straightened the bow tie at Dean's neck.
‘Did what?’ Cas asked.
“You're shaking,” Dean laughed as he panted. Cas couldn't speak. He just lied there, fervent. Spaced out and slap-happy. A smile plastered on his face. He missed the feeling already, of Dean inside of him. Filling him until he burst. But it was okay, because he laid next to him. Cas rolled over onto his side. A little tender but he was more exhausted. Cas watched as Dean cleaned himself up. Taking the condom off and putting his underwear on. Then he laid back down on the bed beside him, smiling. He closed his eyes. Cas grabbed the first item of clothing he could find, which turned out to be Dean's black ACDC t-shirt, pulled it over his head and laid back down with Deans arm under him and his hand on Dean's chest. Tracing circles with his fingers.
“Yeah, yeah,” he breathed, smiling in reassurance. “I just...” he moved his hand up to place it gently on Deans cheek. Dean leant into it and Cas moved his thumb backwards and forwards across his soft skin.
“Cas! Cas!” she called him. A million and one worst-case scenarios ran through her mind and honestly, she was expecting this. He hadn't been right for months. Finally, his eyes fluttered open and before she knew it he was sitting up, but she was sobbing into his lap.
It must have been the plaid shirt that caught his attention or perfectly chiselled jaw. He walked through the hall slowly. Cas remembered how he didn't look as if he had a single care. Carrying a leaflet he'd rolled up in one hand. Not looking at anything in particular, just a content look on his face, he was happy just to be there.
‘Bobby is on it. Where he goes, I follow.’
‘Dean-’ Cas breathed but Dean shushed him. Cas shook his head and lifted an arm to point at the drawer beside the bed.
‘Clearly!’
‘I expected as much.’
“I'm sorry! I'm so sorry!” he sobbed into Dean’s chest.
He wanted an order. He wanted to follow. To obey. To let Dean have him. All of him.
“What?” Cas felt sick.
“Hey!” Cas managed, distracting the guy who had her pinned down just long enough so that she could squirm, and swiftly kick him between his legs. Cas winced. He rolled off of her and she swung her legs around, in an attempt to get off the bed. As she did she stumbled forward, and Cas reached to steady her. He put an arm around her waist and led her out of the room.
‘Are you leaving?’ Cas asked, still a little breathless.
Panic seemed to spread through Dean and then he was moving. Without thought, or judgement except for that on the behalf of the alcohol, he approached the stranger.
‘Wait-’ Gordon and Benny looked at one another.
Cas stepped back again.
His office phone never rang. All of his colleagues were friendly, often coming by his office to discuss schedules, students and their subject. The phone had only rang once before when a guest speaker he was meeting called him on it to cancel, everyone else who might want to speak to him had his cell.
“Yeah. But sex is.” She retorted.
Sometimes he came drunk, other times sober. Dean only really kissed Castiel when he was drunk, something Cas had noticed after a few weeks. He would kiss Cas’s neck, his body, his dick, but not his lips. But when he’d had a drink he would forget. He’d take Castiel’s face in his hands and drag long, hot kisses out of him, his tongue finding its way over Cas’s.
Dean took a small sip, his fingers wiping at the corners of his smile.
As he made his way out of the law building, he passed Sam Winchester again.
The stranger pulled away and Dean opened the door, gesturing for him to get in the back. He took off his trench coat before laying back on the seat, pulling Dean down with him.
‘I don’t dislike music, I just prefer the quiet.’
The first seeds of doubt were planted in Cas' mind. Was Dean not out to his family? Although a million questions circled his mind, when his head hit the pillow he was gone.
‘Let me,’ Castiel whispered.
“Why would they mind me bringing a friend to stay for the holidays?” Dean asked. There was that word again, 'friend'. Cas was pretty sure 'friends' didn't do what they'd just done. “Besides my Dad isn't even going to be there, he's still going to be overseas.” So it was Dad he was worried about. Cas wasn't sure what he wanted to do, looking at the floor.
Cas pulled some paper towel off the roll beside her, and began to gently dry her cheeks. She didn't do anything; she just let him, staring off into the distance.
“Anywhere sounds tiring.” Cas commented. But he was smiling.
They sat at a table that seemed to be made of people from Castiel’s former regiment. Dean sat between Cas and a red-haired woman named Anna and was introduced to Uriel, Hester, and Inias as well as a few other names Dean missed.
There were moments when their eyes didn't leave each other. Floating away in their own little bubble. Cas liked being in his company, he didn't want it to end. He remembered the way Dean had looked at him when he explained that he was really an artist. But he could only paint and draw.
But they didn’t talk for a while after that. Dean gently humming along to AC/DC and gently admitting that he had been thinking something similar: while his life seemed nonstop chaos, Castiel was a safe mooring.
A voice found Castiel’s ears, and he was pulled out of his memory, back into his office.
Cas picked it up and brought it over to her. It was thick and heavy and she put it on the counter. Everyone else had realised what she was doing and began to crowd around. It was a photo album. Dean blushed as they went through his baby photos. Pictures of him in his crib or in the bath. His mother explained every photo in which he held a school certificate or how she couldn't put him to sleep without singing
On Dec 31st they stood on the football field together, watching the fireworks light the sky. Dean had stopped being so distant and Cas finally thought it might be okay. Everyone cheered, counting down the seconds. Dean squeezed Castiel's hand and finally they reached midnight.
Cas only remembered eating too much on Christmas day, and short phone calls with his brothers and father. The three of them drank a lot and Meg went out in the evening to meet a guy she'd been seeing for a while. Leaving Dean and Cas to dance, drunk around the apartment until falling into bed with each other.
“I didn't have a choice,” He said. Cas sniffed, unable to find words. What did he mean? “I didn't have a choice.”
“A kiss… from you.” Cas smiled. Dean leaned in and obliged.
‘In charge?’ Dean asked.
Dean took Sam to a diner to celebrate. They ordered all the breakfast foods, burgers and pie for dessert. They stuffed themselves like they did as teenagers and laughed until their sides hurt at all the pranks they used to pull on Bobby and Rufus.
But Dean's thoughts were clouded by something else: heavy breathing, bright blue eyes, the smell of gin and lemon.
‘Jerk.’ Sam retorted.
“Son of a bitch!” Dean yelled as he slammed down the brakes. He hadn't noticed that the lights ahead of him were now red and the pair of them lurched forward and then harshly fell back into their seats.
A lump in his throat, Dean moved back to the gear box he was working on.
She made her way over to him, walking slowly. Cas could see that she was pretty, and what most guys would deem sexy. He just awkwardly sipped from his cup.
Cas liked the way he could go from breezy to intense. And right when Cas thought they were having light and friendly conversation, he might slip something in, something that insinuated that Dean was more than interested.
But it was
In reality the hangover passed in a day. But the nausea had gone and left a different sick feeling at the pit of his stomach.
“I can't! I can't!” He cried, his knees giving out underneath his, bringing both him and Cas down to the floor. He sobbed into Cas' lap. He'd never seen him like this, Dean was always so macho.
“Won’t they mind?” Cas wondered.
“Are you coming back to bed?”
Sometimes at night, before bed, he thought about calling Cas. Even just to hear him say ‘
‘Car is fine.’
The wedding invite had arrived crisp and clean.
‘I’m high-school-smart Dean, there's a difference.’
And it was sent. Immediately he regretted it. Once again he had let his dick decide to invite someone - possibly unhealthy - back into his life. He put the phone down across the room. Dean wouldn’t show. He wouldn’t get his hopes up. Dean was probably fucking someone else already. Someone young and female.
When he left Sam at his place he went straight to the repair shop. Bobby was closing up but Dean offered to work on something.
“You know I've been thinking...” Dean said as he led back down besides Cas. “About telling my family... about us.”
‘Come in.’ A muffled voice called.
Cas just sat and cried with regret. Cas knew he had to do it but he forgot how much he loved Dean, needed him. He wished he'd never done it but he did. His eyes we're red raw by the time Dean came back.
Once Dean came over when Cas was already asleep, without warning.
Two weeks passed by uneventfully. Castiel’s strange feelings of sadness towards his argument with Dean mutated into his anxiety about the upcoming event he’d been invited to. It was the event that had led him to Dorothy’s that night he met Dean.
‘Me too.’ Sam sighed.
Cas wanted to study art too. In truth, he was a painter and that was one of the things the pair had in common. However his father disagreed. It's not that he didn't agree with Castiel being an artist, it's just that he wanted him to get a degree in something more
This was the problem with letting Dean into his world. Everything was perfect within their own kingdom they built.
‘I won’t remember your name. Sorry.’ Dean shrugged, but it was true.
‘Already on it.’ He stood up and grabbed his jacket. ‘I thought you understood what this was? It doesn’t matter if I’m drunk Cas, you don’t have to spare my feelings. You’re just a warm mouth to me.’
“Castiel,” she said. “Calm down,” but he wouldn't. He had told Dean that he loved him, and he ran.
Sam hinted that there might be a girl he liked in his class and Dean made high pitched wooing sounds that resulted in Sam threatening to stab him with a fork.
‘Good. Thank you.’
Dean was groaning now, his dick hardening against Cas, but less than usual. Cas wondered how much Dean had drunk. His kisses seemed more heavy and sloppy.
Dean laughed then. A full on, belly to throat laugh. It was the most Castiel had ever seen him laugh and his body shook as he pulled off his jeans.
They laughed and he replayed the moment in his mind.
Cas walked around the front of the car, taking it all in as he slid in shotgun. He ran his hands over the black leather seats and the dark creamy dashboard:  vintage but still in an amazing condition. Dean smiled as he watched Cas' explore his baby. “She's not mine, but my Dad is letting me borrow her while he's away.” Dean made himself comfortable and they set off.
It was with Bobby and Ellen and a few other members of their team. John as always was absent.
Somewhere in between then and new year’s it fell apart. Dean had called his family on Boxing Day, Cas couldn't hear what he was saying but he ended up spending two days in his dorm room, asking to be alone.
‘What do you mean?’
“Did you ever love me?” Silence. “Dean, did you ever love me?” Silence again. But Cas was through with waiting. He sighed. “That's what I thought,”
Dean's eyes widened, he struggled to swallow but finally cleared his throat and stood up.
He called Sam on his hands free in the car.
“Can I just take one of these?” She asked. Cas noticed the other two were busy talking to people and so he turned to face her. His head still somewhere else, thinking of the guy in the plaid shirt and black boots. Cas had kept his eye on him and now he almost worried that if he turned back he might be gone. Maybe he'd imagined him.
“You're brilliant Castiel,” Dean moved his face close to him, gazing in his eyes. “Don't let anyone ever tell you otherwise.”
“Besides, I have you to keep me warm now.” Cas smiled. They laughed as they kissed, Dean falling backwards onto the bed, with Cas straddling him.
‘I don’t get it.’ Benny tried to say as if he was trying to make an excuse for their bigotry and his eyes made contact with Dean and he just shook his head too.
Dean looked down at him, their eyes searching one another’s.
“Yeah,” Dean moved forward to take his hands. “You'll enjoy it, and you can meet my family.”
Castiel threw the pillow he was plumping down on the couch. Everything was meticulously organised and clean as always. Almost more so now he was so horny and wanted to keep busy.
Dean brought his hands up to Castiel’s face, holding it up for him to take harsh, rushed kisses that left Cas a moment behind each time.
‘A great boss. Led us on many successful missions.’ Hester smiled, raising her glass.
This was the pattern Dean and Castiel fell into. Every few nights Cas would get a text asking if he was busy, and when he always responded no, Dean would reply with
‘Well apology not accepted.’ Dean shook his head.
‘NASCAR Dean. This is NASCAR. Not amateur cups or kart racing. This is it. The big time.’
‘I’m sorry.’ Castiel straightened up. ‘I forgot. No couple stuff.’ He laughed and Dean wanted to protest, it wasn’t because of that. His mood just seemed to turn sour and before he could lean over and whisper to Cas that they should just get out of here and go back to their room, Balthazar was calling over to him from a few feet away.
None of it daunted him. Not really. He had been in situations where he didn’t think he would make it out alive. Classrooms were safe. Students talking over him in seminars was easy.
He didn’t understand why he cared. Cas wasn’t his boyfriend. They didn’t do feelings, something Dean made very clear from the offset.
‘Not at all.’
Cas sat back down at his desk. The papers in front of him seemed meaningless, the markings presented themselves as random symbols instead of words.
Dean hadn’t given Cas an answer about the wedding but that evening as Cas reheated leftovers his phone buzzed.
There was little by way of talking, and it was always late so Dean used the backdoor, finding the spare key that Cas kept hidden for him. He would sneak into the kitchen, find the glass of whiskey that Cas would occasionally leave out for him and make his way upstairs to where Cas was often already in bed.
Meg mouthed an 'Oh'. “Just please be safe,”
Castiel stood up and came around the desk to face Dean, leaving a good foot between them.
‘When has that stopped you before? What you’re happy to suck my dick but now I wanna fuck you, it's not enough?’
‘Are you serious?’ Dean gave a comically confused expression.
‘It’s on the university website. Under the faculty. There’s a cute picture of you too.’
“Promise,” Cas whispered. “Don't hurt me, don't leave me.” His words came out fast and fumbling.
‘I’ll see you soon,’ Sam said and Dean could hear someone calling Sam’s name.
“What is it?” Meg asked. He didn't want to touch it.
“I got a call.”
That was where Cas first met
know. He was certain he wanted what Dean was suggesting. But who knew what Dean actually wanted? Just sex, Cas concluded.
The bathroom floor was cold but he didn't care. Cas curled himself up into a ball and stayed there, exhausted. He was completely alone in his apartment, his room-mate staying at her boyfriend’s place. He cried tired tears as he rested his head against the tiles. Finally, sleep took him.
In honesty, Dean, had no clue what Castiel’s home would be like. He didn’t know Castiel, just that he was nice to look at and he let Dean touch him. Dean felt an almost warm feeling toward him then, not arousal, but emotional. An appreciation for the way he would reach out for Castiel and Castiel would be down, no questions asked.
“I promise, I promise,” Dean told him, bringing their foreheads together to rest against one another’s. Wiping the wet from Cas' face. Cas pulled Dean in close, his arms around his neck as Dean rested his face in the crook of his neck.
“Don't go hooome,” Dean sang in his ear.
“You should see my record collection at home,” Dean got up, slipping his arms around Cas' waist from behind. “It's nothing compared to the tape collection that’s in my car,” Cas could feel Dean smile against his neck. Cas traced his finger's over a small collection of family photos. Dean with his brother and Dad. With his mother and father. A picture of Emily at what looked like her graduation with his mother. A picture of Deans parents with two other people Dean had never mentioned. And a picture of Dean with a blonde girl. This picture caught his eye. Dean had his arm around her, smiling as she laughed.
‘I can’t do this anymore Dean.’
Jo handed him a hip flask and they grinned like they were fourteen again. She reached out to squeeze his hand. A platonic gesture, their romantic relationship long over and he thought about how he could just lean in and kiss her. How easy it would be, how little people would care.
The way he knew he would when he answered the call. And this tiny thing - as small as it was - made Dean feel broken and it scared him. So he would put down his phone and go back to sleep.
But that made him even angrier because he wasn’t mad at Castiel or Balthazar but his own choices. He had done this to himself. Maybe if he had gotten over his stupid shame and danced with Castiel, moved their hips together and pulled him close as the song got slower, that could have been them and he could have been happy.
‘It’s over Dean.’
(See the end of the chapter for
‘Such a little bitch.’ He mumbled.
November seemed to go by in a flash. Days spent studying, lounging around, and sometimes in the studio. They saw each other in between classes or shifts. Getting drunk in the bar where Meg worked so that they could spend time with her and she was desperately trying to save for Christmas. Dean had a key to Cas' apartment now and although Meg wasn't the friendliest towards him, Cas liked him there. He would come in, smelling of the cold and Dean would put his crisp hands on Cas causing him to squirm and jump. They spent almost every day together; Cas began to accumulate Dean's plaid shirts and never managed to persuade him to let him drive the impala. He often just ended up bent over in the back seat - the cold leather, soft against his cheeks. The musky smell mixed with the smell of Dean draped over him, making him completely his own.
‘The first man you have ever been with sexually?’ Cas confirmed.
‘Want to dance Dean?’ Anna gave him a charming smile and he shook his head. She shrugged and moved out onto the dance floor to let Inias spin her until she looked dizzy.
Overcome with Castiel’s devotion to his dick he leaned down to push him back against the mattress, Castiel sat up on his elbows, both men giving the other a smug smile before Dean unbuttoned Castiel’s pants, pulled them down and climbed on top of him.
Dean didn’t respond, just put everything back on and pulled on his boots.
. The adrenaline was still rushing through his veins and he wanted it to last.
It was as if he was punishing himself for what he was doing. The shame seemed to drip off him sometimes and Cas almost wanted to say no. To bolt the backdoor and not reply to the texts. But he always did, because those moments together, short and sweet were also so
Dean introduced Cas as his 'friend' but between the three of them they all knew a little more was going on. They ordered in, pizza or something. Emily showed Cas to his room. Her house seemed very... plain. It wasn't very lived in and she was yet to make it her own, but Cas felt welcome. Cas excused himself before them and when he reached the top of the stairs he was almost certain he heard them arguing in a whisper. Something like
Cas was taken slightly aback by how forward he had been. He didn't really know what to say.
‘Sorry.’ Dean giggled. ‘Come here.’
Dean moaned into his neck. He didn’t want to. Didn’t want to show he was enjoying this way more than he should be. But now there was a hand on his dick. A stranger's hand. What the fuck was he doing? Again he paused. His brain and body caught in some kind of overload.
“I wanted to see you,” Cas was stumped, he cocked his head at Dean, eyes narrowed. “When we first talked, properly at the café, you told me that you were most yourself, when you were in here.” Dean pointed down towards his feet. “This is you. I can see it. I saw it in you the first time we met. You dull yourself down, and you say you're plain, but on the inside you look like this!” Dean stretched his arms out. “I don't know why you stood out to me that day like some holy light but you did.” Dean was so animated in his words; Cas had never seen him like that before. He'd seen the joy, similar to when he was talking about his family but this was joy mixed with passion. A fire that made Cas ache for him, more now than ever before.
‘You’re sorry?! Is that it?’ Dean shook his head and took another swing from the bottle.
Cas took a slow step towards the vehicle. He barely noticed as Dean picked up his small bag that he'd pack for the trip and put it in the trunk.
‘Oh grow up,’ Charlie said from under a car, probably shaking her head. The smartest person there and she had to put up with these knuckleheads.
‘Just leave, Dean.’
Dean looked like he wanted to leave but something seemed to stop him. He took a deep breath and Cas asked ‘Are you a Winchester too?’
Cas' eyes widened. “Meg we've done nothing!”
“Hey angel face, have we met?” Her voice was so smooth and Cas smiled.
After a few moments Dean reached for the tissues that were also in the draw beside the bed, wiped his hands and began pulling on his clothes.
‘Yes but we weren’t that close and I think they just invited me to be polite.’
A group of older women to his left took their cocktails over to a booth and the bar seemed far more empty than before. He watched them, their bodies, but they did nothing for him.
The man paused.
But he let his mind wander to Dean as the evening ticked on. It was almost around the time Dean would text, or show up, and Cas felt his body react like a reflex.
‘It’s not that I don’t want it.’
“Even your Dad?”
They didn’t talk about John again.
They just listened to each other’s unsteady breathing.
Dean was smooth, he remembered that. And somehow Cas ended up on a break, drinking coffee with him. He also got Cas talking which was a feat that none too many had achieved. And in truth, Cas was an open book. It was just that he worried about boring people. His boss kept the shop going – she was a wonderful woman – and she didn't even bother them. The sparks between them were so obvious that everyone in the small place couldn't have missed them. Cas must have talked for what felt like minutes but was actually so much more.
The words echoed over and over in Castiel’s mind as he left the hospital.
At Dean's signal Cas moved again. He kissed Dean's dick gently before opening his mouth and taking it in.
“Is that what you wanted?”
A little less lucid and still so turned on, Cas stepped towards Dean, reaching down to unbutton his jeans.
When Meg and Castiel first met it had been at a fresher’s party. He looked so much better then than he did now. Finally away at university, practically an adult he was full of life and his possibilities were endless. Meg wouldn’t be the only one who couldn't resist his wide eyed gaze. It was early in the evening and Cas who usually wasn't one for parties decided that college was an “experience”, that whether he liked some things or didn't, he should at least try them.
He only thought of Cas on his short breaks when he would leave to give Sam a ride back to his apartment.
His breathing was heavy. It was as if his body had made the decision for him.
“I'm Dean. What’s your name?” he sounded almost smug, his eyes narrowing in on Cas. Could Cas see the hint of a cheeky smile?
Dean went to speak but the stranger stepped forward again. Dean could smell lemon and some kind of cologne. It was hot. He couldn’t deny it. Those large round eyes waited, he raised an eyebrow and then the corner of his mouth tugged up into the smallest of smiles.
Dean offered to drive them out of state and as they cruised down the highway Dean talked about his baby with a deep love. Like she was another sibling like Sam that Dean had to dutifully care for with TLC. His smile would slide back gently over his teeth when Cas would ask him about his affinity for cars and he draped his hands over the wheel like it was nothing to share his passion.
When Dean shot it back, Cas poured him another and asked, ‘Have you done this before, Dean?’
“I love this song,” Cas reached over to turn up the dial for the volume as he began to sing along, “And even as I wonder, I'm keeping you in sight. You're a candle in the window on a cold dark winter’s night...”
Everyone was a few drinks in now, the evening was winding on and Castiel’s permanent frown relaxed into a soft smile, even joking with Uriel about how quick he was to jump into Castiel’s job after he left.
With a deep breath he pushed through the searing pain in his temple and stumbled to the bathroom to get a glass of water. He finished it in one go and to his body’s instant regret he leaned over the toilet bowl and threw up the entire contents of his stomach.
Cas palmed at Dean's erection.
Picking up his coat from where he’d thrown it over the back seat, Castiel got out of the car, hailed the first cab he saw and went home.
Dean sat next to him, finally breaking the eye contact, instead staring ahead at the rainbow of bottles behind the bar.
“You wanted to see it,”
Dean pulled away, looking down into the strangers eyes. Yes, he was attractive, objectively speaking. But he was also beautiful too. No.
He could have covered in a way that hurt less. Said that Cas was a friend, a fan he’d met before. Granted Cas probably looked like he’d seen a ghost but who wouldn’t? After watching someone hit a wall at almost 200mph.
But a few minutes later, it rang again.
Yes, he was gorgeous. Castiel would admit that. But he was hardly the conversationalist, his confidence wasn’t exactly that high and yet he was here. He had come to find Castiel even after they had parted ways, clearly with no intention of seeing each other again.
He knew some people wouldn't care care. It was 2005, things were changing, and Sammy who was most important to Dean, would probably care least of all. But he was a driver too. He spent most of his time working on cars with red necks and other racers who lived and breathed motorsport, beer and women.
“I never went to any of those,” Cas told him.
“No... I mean I love Joe but... It's not the same,”
Cas just sshh'd him, stroking his hair.
‘Do you still need a ride?’ He asked.
“Me neither,” Dean admitted.
No name, no introduction and he was leaving. With a guy.
It was still weeks away. He had thought about inviting Dean but shook that idea away as fast as it had arrived. He was probably just better off getting a cat.
He was so angry at Dean. At himself. At the whole thing.
“Hmm...” Dean responded, but he didn't open his eyes. Cas waited, holding back his words. A while passed, probably 10 minutes, and both of their breathing had reached relaxed now.
‘The cup?’
When the pairs second year rolled around they decided they wanted to move out of dorms and get their own place. Meg's parents helped, along with both of them working during their studies and then like crazy during the summer. The flat was tiny, two bedrooms, a bathroom, a kitchen and paper walls but it was home. By late August they had moved in. It was literally minutes from campus and a five minute walk from the bar where Meg worked and about a 10 minute bus ride from Cas' job at a small café.
He was from Lawrence, Kansas. He liked guns which honestly, kind of scared Cas. And he found it kind of strange considering Cas thought he had a sweet disposition. He seemed like the kind of guy to act tough on the outside but once you got through to the inside he was just as marshmallow as the rest of us. He also loved pie. He didn't actually say this – but Cas could tell from the way he devoured three slices in front of him.
‘Come on Cassie!’ He waved his arms at Castiel to get up and join them as he propped himself up on the table, swaying slightly.
There was a sweetness about the guy, or at least Castiel wanted to see it. A youth in the way he hesitated, unsure if he should give in to the desires that had pushed him to step away from the bar and toward Castiel.
“The deal was that if I did a degree in something my dad saw fit, like history and politics, I could still paint, on the side. He pays the rent for this place.”
Dean's head flicked up, their eyes connecting. It was as if with his question he had changed something. The match was struck and Dean stepped forward, bringing a hand up to the back of Castiel's neck and kissed him hard.
Dean dropped the cocktail stick, almost snapping it in his surprise. He cleared his throat and tried to look relaxed.
“Oh,” Cas began. “We're a student run newspaper, for the students. We cover a wide range of things from events here at the college and things that happen locally. The paper is free and it’s a really great way to get some on the job experience or just do something besides studying.” The guy nodded. Cas hated how robotic he sounded: regurgitating lines that Liddy had preached to him yesterday.
‘Dean,’ Cas breathed, ‘I’m-’ But the words were lost as Cas came fast, his dick twitching in Dean's grip and white come leaked out over Dean's fingers.
It would be a struggle not to touch Dean. That’s why they only spent time together at his house, they hadn’t even done anything outside since his office, Dean didn’t want to risk it.
‘Bitch.’ Dean said.
‘I’m ok.’ Dean shook his head and Cas leaned in to change his mind.
“Slut!” The guy called after them, but they just kept going. Cas could tell from her steps, and the way in which she tightly put an arm around his neck that she was very drunk. She grumbled to herself. He knew it was a long shot with her state but, “do you know which one the bathroom is?” he asked.
Dean stepped towards Cas, focusing on him now rather than the paintings stacked up against the walls. “He must really love you,” Dean traced the bottom of Cas' jaw with his finger.
Afraid, closeted men, unsure of their sexuality, trying to figure it out with Cas. He shook his head. He should have walked away. He shouldn’t waste his time with men that would suck his dick in secret but blank him when he would see them out locally on dates with women. Granted this hadn’t happened with the guy from last night, he didn’t even know his name. Maybe he was gay, maybe he’d just never picked up a stranger before. Castiel just assumed as such because it was almost always the case. But in reality, he knew he was just bitter because it had been so hot and so fleeting.
Before he knew it he was pulling into the campus of Sam’s university. He didn’t have a class today, not that Dean knew of, but without thinking, Dean began walking into the building.
Dean shrugged. “This?”
For a short time everything was different. And now it was the same again. All the same. All except Cas. For a while he couldn't even be in his apartment. He stayed at his studio, night and day. But he created nothing. He missed Dean’s things cluttering up his room and the smell of him on his sheets. For a whole week he couldn't sleep in that bed – too many memories there. The floor felt better.
Cas shook his head.
They had made love for the first time in that bed. The memories of that day always came flooding back as the levees in his mind broke. A crystal clear picture.
He squinted up at the entry with heavy whisky eyes. The rainbow flags, Britney humming from the half ajar door. He did a quick glance to see if there was anyone around he knew and fuck it, he slipped inside.
He stayed seated at the bar, as he looked up at Dean, his bright eyes even wider and his lips, open just a fraction. Dean suddenly felt overwhelmed by how pink and plump they were, how good they might look wrapped around his-
Dean nodded and led the way.
‘Sorry.’
Cas couldn't really taste that much alcohol and looking back it was just so... lovely. They both leaned into each other as just kissing became not enough. And Cas put his arms around Dean, hugging him closer.
He could have cried. He could hear the shouts and cheers of the team down the radio before Ellen muted it again so he could focus on bringing the car back into the pit safely.
I decided to post the last two chapters at the same time because they could have probably been 1, lol. But anyway, I just want to say a huge thank you to everyone who read this as it went up daily and anyone reading it now that it's all posted! Your comments/reactions continue to get me through this fucked up year.
“Come here,” Cas said, taking the phone from Deans hand and pausing the music.
“I love you Dean,” he smiled.
