“Oi, none of that flirting,” Greg said and snatched his phone away, pocketing it. Sherlock let him take it, and leaned his head against the cool glass of the window, grinning.
“Well, I’m… not. I’ve met far worse.” John settles for saying, purses his lips and leans back, perfectly at ease. “That is something, though. With the deductions. Extraordinary.”
John smiles, curling his fingers just around the side of Sherlock’s pinky. “Wouldn’t dream of it.” They stare at one another, smiles mellowing into gentle little curves. Their breaths evening, blinks coming molasses slow. “Hey,” John breathes, his fingers tapping out over Sherlock’s skin.
The Internet. The World Wide Web. John realizes that he hasn't really had the opportunity to surf the internet for quite some time. He's not sure what's out there on offer, and wouldn't that be a good use of time? Finding out what fulfilling and worthy information he can find, for free, online? After aimlessly tapping on the space key for a few moments he brings up Google. John’s fingers dance over the keys without touching them, wondering what exactly he wants to search for.
Sherlock swallowed audibly and couldn’t think of a thing to say; he felt hollowed out and cold, as though there was static pressing him on all side. His mind raced into overdrive, attempting to think of a way out of all of this.
John’s not sure what it is, what it could possibly be, but, as he climbs the steps, he registers a heady floral note in the air. It’s not overwhelming, but it’s stark enough to notice a difference.
, and yet so fascinating; it’s a bit disconcerting, if Sherlock is being honest with himself. And how exciting! Is John perhaps a true wolf in sheep’s clothing?
And they they were in each other's arms, John’s coffee abandoned quickly on the little end table. They held each other carefully, mindful of their injuries, John grunting when Sherlock’s fingers dug in too hard. “You shouldn’t be out of a hospital bed,” Sherlock murmured into the hair where he’d pressed his lips.
“One around my waist, I think, I’ll just,” Sherlock gets into position and John slings his arm around Sherlock’s shoulders and they stand.
Phillip readied them in front of the bench they’d designated to be Sherlock’s and he took a step towards Sherlock. “Molly’s spoken with me, I’ve managed to get a look at Hoffstater, Mudchen and Osrchkov but… nothing out of the ordinary. Just the same compounds they’ve been using all along.”
John didn’t take the bait, just raised a brow and said, “What offers do you have?” It wasn’t a secret that Sherlock Holmes was eagerly sought after by various media outlets, both for his appearance, but also for his scathing commentary. He’d been dubbed “The King of Zing,” by Johnny Weir, who was both an authority on the matter, and knew Sherlock would hate the nickname.
A light stroke, and then John turns swiftly, snatches up the bottle of slick and prepares his hand before dipping back in. He marvels at the heft of him, at the pure heat, at the level of trust Sherlock has in him, to allow him to do this. It feels marvelous, like a necessary thing, his hand on Sherlock’s cock. How he’s made it this long in life not having known the exquisite slide and feel of him so intimately is very much a crime.
; he’d heard that before, but where? Not in casual conversation, no. No, that was something you said to someone on a date, on a
It makes him emotional, and the insistent tug in the center of his chest threatens to derail the night’s proceeding. Sherlock senses it, and pulls away, his face still so close that warm breaths puff across John’s skin.
Sherlock sipped a quick inhale and then another. “It was with Greg and Molly and… what if I were? Socializing?” Even to himself his voice sounded unsure, nearly bashful.
here,” John grumbles, but know that Sherlock will see the truth of it all. John’s cheeks color with his effort not to be embarrassed.
mean, then? The bottom of Sherlock’s stomach flipped and turned and he felt his face heat while thinking on it; then heated further as the ire at his emotions showing so plainly lashed out.
“Needless, just… horrific. You wouldn’t expect something like that at, at the Olympics and I just…” John blinked up at him, eyes unfocused, a little lost, and Sherlock felt something shatter inside of him.
“Call it planning for the future,” Mary had said with a bright smile. “Besides, afterward you and I can just go to the pub and get pissed and talk about how positively abysmal the home decor is, alright?”
“Not an option,” John growls, and then they’re suspended in a stalemate, staring at one another, waiting for the other to make a move, to move on, to do something.
of it. The only way to get proof of the tampering was to get to Moriarty’s equipment, and that proved incredibly difficult. On the few times he’d even made an attempt, he’d been thwarted by Moriarty’s coach and right hand man, Sebastian Moran. Nothing had come of it, just vague threats from the hulking Swede regarding the state of Sherlock’s intact tibias.
John pays his tab and saunters out into the chilly London evening, deciding again to walk home rather than take the Tube. His cane a sturdy helpmate at his side, he strolls along, intermittently people-watching and glancing up at the facades of buildings as he passes. He wants to relearn the city, he decides. He wants to get to know it’s main thoroughfares and back alleys all over again. He wants to find new haunts to make his own, seek out the changes in London and learn them, know it all as he once did.
“You’re the first to go, Moran. It’s you, and you know it. Release us and I will assure you safe passage out of the country. I will assure your anonymity when I bring Jim Moriarty to his knees.” Sherlock was shocked he’d been able to speak as much as he had, between the sickening pain lingering in the pit of his stomach and his anxiety at Moran’s unpredictable behavior; he was getting through to him, if his ability to speak freely for this long was any indication. He just had to keep him on the hook.
John gave a bark of a chuckle, sucked a kiss into the rise of Sherlock’s hip and then took him into his mouth. Hot, tight wetness engulfed him and Sherlock sighed, his hands drifting to John’s hair of their own volition; they twined in the short growth, just holding on as John moved his head. His movements were heavenly, and Sherlock felt coils of tension he didn’t know existed give and release from his body as John tongued him. John gave wet little kisses at the head before slurping him down again, doing nothing to quiet the obscene noises he was making.
Sherlock conceded the truth; there was no point in denying the complexity of the course. “It will certainly test the merits of even the highest caliber athletes, yes.”
Sherlock closes his eyes, tries to settle down, turns his thoughts back to the morgue technician and muses on how much easier it would be if he could simply flirt his way out of the situation, like he does with Molly.
The interview airs the next evening, and Sherlock and John watch it together, John preening over how confident and
He’s entirely occupied with his work and completely forgets about the impending meeting with John5NF until he receives an email from him later that evening. Instantaneously, disappointing thoughts race through his mind. Could John5NF be cancelling? Calling them out for this ridiculous situation that they’ve gotten themselves into?
Sherlock takes a breath and then lifts his gaze, glances over his shoulder at John. “No,” he says, voice low and melancholic. “Not everything.”
Sherlock’s mouth had taken to grinning as John had gone on, and he stood, rounding the coffee table to stand before an obviously worked-up John. “You don’t have to worry about me,” he said softly, hands coming to cradle John’s bent elbows.
John swallowed and glanced down at his shoes momentarily. “You never answered me,” he whispered slowly, maneuvering so that they were chest to chest, only a sliver of space between them. Sherlock could smell the tiramisu on John’s breath, could feel the heat radiating off of his body and wanted to press
John barks a laugh up towards the sky. “Well,” he says, looking back to Mike with a wide smile curving his lips. “At least it’s quiet?”
The set is alive with activity, makeup artists dusting powder across cheeks and noses, grips checking lighting and a producer going over segment notes with the interviewer. The athletes are left to wait in the small green room until called to set.
After a bit, Angelo just appears, a bottle of wine in one hand and a plate of olives in the other. “Thought this vintage might suit,” he suggests and, rather than pouring for either of them, be leaves the bottle in front of Sherlock’s plate setting. “You boys want to try some of the house specialties?”
“Why do you even carry anything but the high stuff around him,” Philip asked, but she ignored him, intent on the task at him.
“I, uhm, thank you,” Sherlock managed, stepping back so that John could enter the room and when he did, and the door was closed, he turned to face John with a little flourish. “The food should be here quite soon.”
“It’s all a bit petty.” Sherlock aimed for nonchalant instead of furious. “Killing me just to win gold.”
Sherlock swiped two fingers across his mouth and glanced down at the microphone, reality finally zooming back to regular speed. “It’s ah… it’s a bit unbelievable, truth be told. I’m overwhelmed, I worked my entire career for this and… I’m overwhelmed. It’s been my goal to take the gold at an Olympics and I’d come so close in the past and this is, it’s really an honor. I worked very hard for it.”
Sherlock scrunched up his brow, feeling an uncomfortable heat sizzle up his back. “Not a one,” he eventually replied as Moran sauntered back in, wishing he could reach out and take John’s hand to comfort him. The thought that he wouldn’t get to discover what was blooming between them, that he wouldn’t get to see what John looked like while making dinner or how he sounded when yelling at a bad program on television, the thought that Sherlock wouldn’t be able to do a thousand tiny, innocuous things with John--
just because of who they are. So… stuff it. And let me just… be proud of you for being such a good human, hm?” John finishes speaking, tugs at the curls at the base of Sherlock’s head.
Sherlock’s head falls to his hands, his elbows on his knees as it eats him up, from the inside out. How could he have possibly thought to do this? How could he have possibly thought that this was a good idea, that someone as good and true as John Watson would accept him after all of this? How could anyone trust someone after they’d been put through this. He’s cocked it all up, monumentally, from the outset. His need to be clever had overtaken rational thought and led him down this path.
The flippant way Adam greets him, along with the careful manner in which he pushes his voluminous hair into place, makes Sherlock’s mouth tip into a genuine half-smile. Rippon proves himself to outwardly project a sort of confidence that Sherlock admires; he’s completely devoid of arrogance, but isn’t afraid or ashamed, instead embracing his eccentricities, playing them up for the cameras.
Sighing and sitting back, John finds that he can’t stop smiling and decides to begin searching the internet to find some new curtains for his flat. He’s got a solid income now, and if he’s going to be here for awhile, there’s no reason he can’t make it homey.
“Fuck,” John swore and then turned his head to the side, spitting out a wad of blood; he worked his jaw from side to side and then resumed glaring at Moriarty.
This, John realizes, could very well be it, the impetus to move them past the amorphous roadblock they’ve been lingering behind. A thrill runs through him at the thought, at all of the possibilities that the upcoming evening could hold.
On the way in he treats himself to a medium latte and a scone and finds a bench a few blocks away from the hospital. He’s just laid out his breakfast treat when someone else comes and sits down next to him; it’s a rather large bench and so the proximity isn’t an issue but John looks over anyway, assesses the stranger. He’s tall, with artfully coiffed dark hair; he’s wearing a heavy-looking woolen coat although it’s spring and he’s so intensely focused on his mobile that John wonders if he even noticed someone sitting on the bench beside him.
“Dear god, Greg’s taste leaves something to be desired,” John said as Molly wiggled away and moved to get out of the booth.
Wednesday dawns rainy and bleak and Sherlock spends a few extra lingering in moments in bed, enjoying the warmth of the dog along his feet. It’s creeping towards nine o’clock and he stretches, reaches for his phone to be met by three texts from Molly.
He could just imagine Moriarty right now, boasting about his accomplishments at whatever the trendiest establishment in Sochi was, gloating to anyone who would listen. The thought of it caused him to set his teeth, angrily grinding them together. It was only a matter of time before a reporter cornered him and asked him about Moriarty; it was only a matter of time before he let his tongue slip and told the world what he actually thought of the man.
? Is that what I’m understanding here? And implicating him in, in a murder? Jesus, he’s your biggest competition but...” he whispered fiercely as he advanced on Sherlock. “Are you out of your damned mind?!”
John grunts, one arm slung around Sherlock’s neck and the other pressed against his hip. “Shut up, you dick. Get me onto the sofa.”
His back cracked as he stretched and he toyed with the idea of going for a swim. He needed something to tire him out for the evening; it wouldn’t do to go into tomorrow’s session on no sleep. Insomnia had plagued him for the better part of his adult years, and unless he was properly exhausted or took a sleeping pill, he was rarely able to doze off on his own. The swim would have to do, and just as he was about to lever himself up from the bed, his mobile gave a buzz.
Really, Sherlock himself didn’t understand why he was getting so worked up. John had been dating women for years, but it had never bothered him as much as it did now.
“I’m putting a stop on your payments until you clean yourself up.” Mycroft continued, ignoring Sherlock’s words.
“Well clearly, he doesn’t want John to see this. Let’s have a further look.” Max gestured for Nev to click on the
mentioned having a brother and he told me he recently moved in to a new flat. The landlady… her name is Mrs Hudson, I think. No idea of her first name, though. Uh, and he’s also a chemist. I think he does experiments in mortuaries and things.” John laughed awkwardly. “Now that I say it all out loud, he really does seem like the perfect serial killer candidate.”
The skin was clear. Completely unmarred. And he shouldn’t have been, but he was surprised. Because if there was no wound, then that meant Sherlock had a soulmate. Lestrade flushed with shame. He’d always naturally assumed that Sherlock didn’t have one. Which wasn’t completely unjustified, really. Sherlock had never mentioned them – in fact, he was more distanced from social interaction and sentiment than anyone else Lestrade had met.
John’s laughter turned into a wheeze, throwing his head back joyously. “You didn’t call him Snapey, Sher, don’t tell fibs.”
experiencing the other’s pain. Emotionally drained and helpless. Lestrade understood the feeling completely. Instinctively, Lestrade lifted Sherlock into a sitting position and pulled him tightly to his chest.
Nev chuckled. “I know, I know. But this is different to other times. We’re in a totally different continent and I don’t want to risk anything. John’s got himself caught up with an interesting man, that’s all I can say.”
“It makes perfect sense. I mean… a while back they did also accuse me of ditching them. Merlin, I’ve been a rubbish friend. What do you suppose I do now?”
And if telling John a secret he’d kept to himself for years would do anything to threaten his presence in Sherlock’s life, Sherlock was desperate to keep it to himself.
Sherlock flushed red and faltered for a moment, staring at John with wide eyes. But the others were looking at him expectantly, and the show must go on.  He turned to Nev and Max.
And he watched John like a hawk. To see if maybe, he’d spill hot tea over his hands, or knock his toe against the coffee table, or trip over his own feet. But John Watson was a very careful man. The only injuries Sherlock ever felt were when John wasn’t around.
Sherlock’s hands subconsciously lifted to poke at his skin. “I mean, if it helps with your healer endeavours, go ahead.”
There you have it! Let me know your thoughts in the comments! I might post a sequel some time in the future too ;)
Peace was vaguely restored. The silence was no longer so drowning. John took another sip and offered Sherlock a small smile. It wasn’t much, but it was something.
“Well...” started Michael, having the audacity to look as though his next words were justifiable. “We just figured, y’know, if you were a fag, that we should have the right to know. I don’t know, to move the beds or something.”
“John...” drawled Sherlock, sliding his foot forward to poke against John’s softly. “Please, you can trust me.”
"Since you guys only text, have you ever actually seen a picture of William?" Nev questioned, glancing at Max quickly. The situation already seemed fruitless, and he feared what else was to come.
He briefly wondered if soulmates felt the others’ pain if it was psychologically induced, but stored that thought into his mind palace for later study. For now, he wanted to gauge as much of this man as possible before he undoubtedly decided that Sherlock was too
“I… should be fine, thanks.” replied Sherlock once their laughter had died. “The name is Sherlock, by the way. Sherlock Holmes.”
John sat, head bowed, listening to the words currently being exchanged between Cedric Diggory and Professor Sprout.
John sputtered, whilst Nev and Max seemed to be quite frightened by the fact that Sherlock knew they knew.
Sherlock offered a half-smile in return, putting his violin down and moving to accompany John on the armchairs.
Slowly, carefully, with his eyes locked on Sherlock’s – as though to gauge his reaction – John moved forward. His arms came to softly circle Sherlock, pulling the detective to his chest. Sherlock was tense. His arms were limp by his side and his breathing had momentarily paused. But as the seconds passed, he gradually relaxed into the embrace and clutched the fabric of John’s shirt between his fingers.
The two weeks following what John now dubbed, ‘the drunken first kiss’, was simply bliss. Though he still felt a divide between himself and the rest of his Hogwarts friends, the bond between Sherlock and himself had only served to grow exponentially. To put it frankly, John was on cloud nine. He had feared that the kiss might have made things awkward between the two of them, but in reality, it felt like this aspect of their relationship was only inevitable. Like he was destined to meet Sherlock, and they were destined to be together. Initially, they may have appeared to resemble chalk and cheese, but the two of them had more in common than John would have ever anticipated.
Composing himself one last time, Sherlock took a breath and exited the apartment, quite expecting John to hound him for his selfishness. What he wasn’t expecting was John, hunched over the doorstep with hands grasping at his neck.
And then they were kissing. A familiar sensation by now but nonetheless a sensation John would never tire of. Sherlock’s tongue probed against his lips and John opened compliantly, shifting in the sofa so that his head could lie against the arm rest. What began softly was soon developing into something else, with Sherlock’s knees straddling John’s own and body pressing against him eagerly. John sighed contentedly into Sherlock’s mouth, slipping his hands beneath Sherlock’s shirt and relishing in the sensation of his fingers against Sherlock’s skin.
John stood, knees weak, staring at the other man with wide eyes. His deep voice exceeded what John had anticipated, a smooth, warm baritone which filled John’s chest with warmth. And then John was smiling. Because that was the first time he’d heard Sherlock speak. And it was so, very, him. He took in the detective’s whole face: the sharp cheekbones, the pale skin, and the thin lithe frame it rested upon. He was beautiful. John chuckled, looking away with red cheeks. He took a step forward, looking up at Sherlock bravely.
going to meet them. This time, they were just going to show up. The two weren’t really quite sure what influenced this decision. Whether it was because they felt Sherlock was dangerous, would see right through them, or wouldn’t want to meet John at all, their minds had been made up nonetheless. Nev was starting to regret this decision as their cab reached 221B Baker Street however, and could feel the nerves stirring in his stomach. What if Sherlock was high? What if he wasn’t who they expected? What if he wasn’t even home?
“Now, boys.” spoke Sprout, redirecting her attention. “Cedric tells me that the three of you got into a bit of a scuffle. Care to tell me the details?”
John brushes off her apologies with a kind smile and a few words of forgiveness. Sherlock meets her expression with a subtle smirk.
The remarks and bullying didn’t stop there, either. Each Potions lesson, before Snape made his grand entrance, the students would try and get as many slurs in as possible. And every time, without failure, Sherlock met them with silence, simply staring with a curious glisten in his eyes. John heard people talking about the apprentice outside of Potions, too, at every opportunity possible. Apparently, one girl from Slytherin had even gone to Dumbledore to complain. John didn’t see the point. Surely by now they were used to Dumbledore making odd decisions that were non-negotiable. But alas, other than the much anticipated Triwizard Tournament, there wasn’t much to talk about, so John allowed to comments to filter in one ear and out the other.
John took a few deep breaths before lifting his head. “It’s a surprise, yeah, but I don’t care about that shit. I don’t care. If he’s feeling upset or self-conscious…” John licked his lips awkwardly. “I just want him to know that I’d be there for him. William or Sherlock. It doesn’t matter to me. It’s just a name and it’s just a bad habit. That doesn’t change how I feel.”
John vowed to stay strong and be ready to hold his broken soulmate in his arms when they finally met.
“Drink the whole glass. Then you can tell me why you hit Michael, I can forgive you, and we can live happily ever after.”
fine. I don’t care what you did, what you took, where you lived. None of that matters to me. None of it. You
With that, Cedric and he began to make their way from the Greenhouses and back towards the castle, John’s head down shamefully.
Because within the next four seconds, Sherlock was collapsed on the kitchen tiles in agony. His shoulder burnt something fierce, as though the skin was being ripped apart, and Sherlock couldn’t prevent the tears leaking from his tightly scrunched eyes. Curled up in a tight ball on the cold, harsh tiles, Sherlock cried. He wanted to scream. Yell for help. But the pain was too much, and he could only clutch his shoulder so tightly that the knuckles turned white. No blood seeped through his shirt and upon tedious inspection, Sherlock found no wound.
” mouthed John in reply, shaking his head firmly and staring resolutely at the parchment before him.
“If something is wrong, please don’t hesitate in letting me know. I don’t bite.” Professor Sprout offered him a warm, motherly smile, and John attempted a small grin in return.
Finally, something akin to hope presented itself before him. It was a leap, really. The chances that Mike’s stranger would want to lodge with him were minimal. But John couldn’t help himself.
John’s hands lifted to gently hold Sherlock’s face between them, angling his head slightly in an effort to deepen the kiss. Sherlock hummed before pulling away reluctantly. “This is great, I assure you, but this position is just a tad uncomfortable right now.”
When a month had passed with no sign of any pain, John had lost all hope. His soulmate was dead. Maybe an overdose. Maybe a murder. Either way, his soulmate was gone, and with them, John’s reason to continue. Having already joined the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers, John decided to simply let his life play out, putting all his effort into training and healing his fellow soldiers. He was good at it, and he genuinely enjoyed it. Soon, he found himself being promoted to Captain. He wasn’t as happy as he should have been.
"Yeah, yeah, whatever, you lot. Enough of that shit. How about the new apprentice, then, aye? Looks like a right twat." chortled Tod, currently stuffing his mouth with his fifth Chocolate Frog of the night.
So when the first task of the Triwizard Tournament eventually rolled around, it was safe to say that John was a little less than enthused than the other students. He watched, of course, and cheered for Cedric. He had a little house pride, after all. But it just wasn’t the same with that constant guilty conscience weighing him down. His year level housemates had all ditched him for the time being, John didn’t have many friends in the other houses, and Sherlock was nowhere to be found. He was lonelier than ever. By the time all the Hufflepuff’s were heading back to the common room to celebrate Cedric’s success, John had had enough. He stayed for a short time to briefly congratulate Cedric, but excluding that, he made an effort to avoid everyone else. A majority of the seventh years (and a few of the sixth years) had made sure to bring an abundance of Firewhisky to share, meaning that John had no qualms in stashing some away in his satchel before ditching the after party.
Professor Sprout smiled warmly. “Unfortunately John, staying out after curfew is against the Hogwarts rules. I’m aware it may be tempting – especially considering Mr Holmes is not a student here – however there is no excuse. I’m not your mother, I know, but I am your head of house, and hence I need to set an example for my students.”
“Are you alright? Honestly, I should’ve stepped in sooner, but I didn’t know if they were actually going to do anything and well, I don’t know… Are you alright?”
“Sorry about the squeeze.” John apologised, scratching his head in embarrassment. “I’m sure you’re used to pretty big places in America.”
Nev dragged the photo of William, a man with sharp cheekbones and espresso brown curls, into Google search. The results returned empty.
The laughter sounded again and Sherlock nearly stomped his foot in anger. He narrowed his gaze and attempted fruitlessly to find the source. He was half tempted to find the man – yes, definitely a man – and drag him out of the cinema himself. But alas, the theatre was practically full, and it was quite difficult to find anyone in the crowd, let alone the one Sherlock was searching for.
John could only hear bits and pieces of the conversation with the two speaking in such hushed voices, but knew nonetheless that all the blame was going to be placed on him. Beside him sat James and Michael, the latter with a recently healed and cleaned nose, and the three purposely avoided all eye contact with one another.
“Johnny, it’s your soulmate!” she had yelled excitedly, shaking his shoulders frantically. “The words are what your soulmate thinks when they first see you. How cute is that?”
again had many results, but Nev and Max took a few minutes to sift through the names and try and find anyone who matched John’s description.
Max came to stand besides Nev so he could capture the screen. Skype began to ring, awaiting John's response. A few seconds passed before the call was finally answered, a broad, blonde man seated on the other side of the screen. He smiled.
“Yeah,” agreed Nev. “I reckon we’ll head back our hotel room, do some extra research, and come visit tomorrow with what we find.”
And so, when the official announcement of the Yule Ball finally rolled around in mid-December, it was safe to say John had mixed feelings.
At a loss for words, John began to meticulously unbutton the sleeve of his shirt, breath shaky. Mike watched on, silent but confused, until John had completely rolled it up and left his forearm exposed. With another deep inhale, John turned his wrist in Mike’s direction.
Sherlock didn’t hesitate, crawling over awkwardly to kneel between John’s legs. “You sure this is okay?”
When the tremors and aches didn’t stop after one night, John could only come to one conclusion. He’d seen it many times in patients back at the hospital, of course, and it never got easier. Drug withdrawals. And judging by his soulmate’s symptoms – opioids. By day four, the pains were driving John mad, and the only thing which kept him sane was the knowledge that his soulmate was experiencing this too in an effort to better themselves.
With the ingredients and method written on the board, the students were then instructed to begin on their Draught of Peace, and from then, the lesson flew by like any other. Before John knew it, he and Mike were handing their potion up for examination and shuffling out of the classroom in a hurry to reach their next class in time. McGonogall was not a woman to be messed with, after all, and John didn't particularly fancy a detention on the first day back at school.
Morphing his frown into a smile, John shook his head forcefully. “Not at all, sir. I’ll get right to it.”
A shred of hope continued to linger – one that had been there the moment the two had met. John despised it. It left a sickening twist in his stomach, every time he considered: ‘what if?’
“How?” spoke John, and Max captured the immediate change in Sherlock’s façade as he turned to face John. His face softened considerably, mouth quirking at the look of awe on John’s face. Even his cheeks seemed to have reddened, but perhaps it was only a trick of the light.
“That you will, John.” The Hufflepuff head of house smiled once again, though this time, the light failed to reach her eyes. She looked sorrowful – sympathetic, almost – and watched John leave with with a sort of hidden concern.
John had always known about soulmates. He’d learnt about them at some point, of course, but his memories of the occasion were vague, and his early childhood had blurred into one elongated event. Nonetheless, soulmates had always been there, and John was already in love with his. While some hated the pain, John looked forward to it. It made John feel like he knew his soulmate, even if just a little.
“But then…” continued Nev. “We got to researching William’s job: a consulting detective. There weren’t many results, but one in particular caught our attention.” Nev tilted his laptop towards John as he spoke. “A website by a man named
So I got excited and ended up writing a whole other chapter. It's 2am so please excuse any mistakes. I hope you enjoy this chapter as much as I enjoyed writing it and please, leave a comment!
“You bet. Body parts in the fridge, violin in the middle of the night, drug busts every other week.”
Other parents have started to arrive, cautiously watching the ordeal in fear for their own children. Sherlock wants to scream. He is Rosie’s father, god darn it. Maybe not biologically, but the adoption papers had been filed years ago.
John had never been more grateful for Snape’s existence. As he mixed his potion carefully – three clockwise stirs followed by two anti-clockwise – John’s gaze kept lifting to study Sherlock’s demeanour. It had calmed considerably since Snape’s arrival, but John could still observe a hint of anxiety in the way the boy held himself. He wanted to say something. Comfort Sherlock somehow. But that was stupid. The two didn’t know each other. John didn’t owe Sherlock anything. And the rest of the class would riot if they saw John engaging with the
It was true. Rather than the dull bedsit chairs they had been seated in, John seemed to be relaxing in a wide armchair, newspaper resting beside him. The atmosphere seemed warmer and John seemed infinitely happier.
John nodded solemnly. “Pretty often, yeah. Whenever I suggest it he’ll say he isn’t ready yet, or he’s too busy.”
“Right. Well, in that case, you two,” John assumed she was gesturing to Michael and James, “are dismissed. And as for you John, just stay here a moment longer.”
“Ah, that’s probably because he’s, what? Fourteen. Dumbledore made an age line so that it was impossible for anyone under seventeen to enter the tournament.”
“Sherlock?” John prompted gently. The two were seated across from each other on two differing armchairs, and the cameras were quick to pick up on the fact that their feet were touching across the distance.
This revelation was everything. Everything John had ever wanted but everything John had ever feared. His legs threatened to give out beneath him, and he reached blindly for something to hold.
Slowly inching forward to close the distance between them, John realised with a start that this was finally happening.
He made the tea slowly, methodically. Sherlock watched him closely. An influx of discomfort invaded the flat. Neither could think of words to speak. But neither wanted the moment to end like this.
As he spoke, John’s mobile binged with a text. Not wanting to seem rude, John’s eyes flicked down inconspicuously to read the message, but it seemed his efforts to go unnoticed were futile. Max snorted loudly. “Are we interrupting something?” he questioned humorously.
John had been wanting to engage Sherlock in another conversation again, but with hectic schedules and Snape always rushing Sherlock around, it was difficult to get a word in. So alas, weeks passed with nothing except the dull routine of Hogwarts life. Enthusiasm was picking up again in the castle with the Beauxbatons and Durmstrang students impending arrival, and even John found himself being carried away by the excitement of it all. The boys in the dorm had begun taking bets on who they suspected the Hogwarts champion would be, and so far, the nominees had been narrowed down to three candidates: Cedric Diggory, Greg Lestrade and Angelina Johnson. Most of them, including John, had their money on Cedric, though it may have been the house-bias talking. Michael defended that Angelina had a great chance, but the rouge on his cheeks indicated that his thoughts were elsewhere.
But he couldn’t handle it. He couldn’t handle the words Sherlock was sure to speak next, or the words that threatened to spill from his own mouth.
“That’s all you took from that?” whispered Max loudly, rubbing a hand over his mouth in loss of words. Nev shot him a look that clearly read, ‘shut up’.
I know Sherlock might seem a bit OOC, but he's like... sixteen. He's a kid and he deserves to be happy and excitable, okay? Also: if the homophobia seems a bit much, do remember that the Goblet of Fire was set in 1994.
“We ain’t stupid, y’know. Spending every second of the day with him, running off to Merlin knows where, wearing his bloody clothes. I saw ya, y’know… After the Halloween Feast. Wearing his coat. You’ve been ditching everyone since. Haven’t held a proper conversation with you in weeks, Johnny.”
John froze, breath catching in his throat. His thoughts immediately shot to the mark on his arm and those final three words. Surely it wasn’t a mere coincidence. He caught Mike giving him an odd grin from across the room and frowned, struggling to find his voice again. “Sorry?”
The teacher watches as they walk off, cheeks still lingering red. Ashamed that she would first assume a man a criminal than married to another man.
John finished scooping together the rest of Sherlock’s belongings and carefully stacked them on the bench once more. “You don’t have to thank me.” he grinned.
“John!” he’d exclaimed upon entering, features morphing between disappointment and confusion. “Why weren’t you… Why aren’t you?–”
“So, basically…” Nev sighed. “William is either pretending to be like Sherlock Holmes to catch John’s attention, or
“I don’t know the nature of Mr Watson and Mr Holmes relationship, and nor, quite frankly, do I care to know. But Hufflepuff is a house of loyalty and fairness, and the kind of behaviour you boys have been directing at John is far from both. It’s blatant discrimination and I am ashamed to see it among my students. Mr Rogers, is it true that the other Hufflepuff boys have moved their beds?”
“You think I’m taking that risk? A shady looking guy, wandering around a primary school, claiming to be a girl’s father when everyone here knows you’re not... If you don’t leave right now, I’m calling the police.”
Sherlock looked up at John then, a mischievous twinkle in his eyes. “Oh, I don’t know,” he murmured, hands lifting to fiddle with John’s tie. “Maybe something like this?”
The woman realises he doesn’t plan on going anywhere, and pulls her mobile from her jacket pocket. “You leave me no choice.” She sighs.
“Well, um, I mean, as far as they’re concerned, there’s nothing actually going on between you and Sherlock, right?”
John wasn’t quite sure he’d ever heard the word ‘freak’ being used with such venom, and its direction at Sherlock made his blood boil for no reason in particular.
“Well, um, I grew up in a magical household, as you know… And after my letter never arrived,” Sherlock paused at this, as though he were ashamed. “I was devastated, really. I think my parents were holding onto the hope that I was a late bloomer. But anyway, after spending a year in a slump, my brother suggested I try making some potions. It’s different from normal magic because technically, a wand isn’t required. Just ingredients and a cauldron. And well, it was amazing. I’ve always had an affinity for chemistry and science, so Potions came as second nature to me. And after a few years of stealing my brother’s school books and my parents library supply of recipes, Mycroft offered to talk to Professor Snape on my behalf. Guess his pompous ass is good for something.”
Max snorted loudly. “I’m sure it won’t be quite that bad. But yeah, all that stuff is really helpful. Thanks heaps, John.”
“What the bloody hell was that all about?” scowled James. “Cedric’s our champion, not that cheating git!”
His fist curls against his thigh and his eyes slide closed for a moment. When he opens them, he hits ‘Reply’ and types,
Had my hands in worse than pig semen, he reminds himself as he cracks open the beer. “Yeah, I do. So do it.”
Yes, yes indeed. John5NF should certainly have the privilege of meeting him. It would be irresponsible of Sherlock Holmes not to share his brilliance with him. Still, Sherlock bites his lip as he types, feels a flutter of
He opens up a blank word processing document and makes it all the way to listing his current address before he gives up on the resume and goes back to his email. The message from Guest waits, the title bold and white, unopened.
“Can be quite nice,” John says, moving to snatch up a bottle of hotel-offered shower gel. “Intimate.”
“It does seem, yes, unlikely that this is a coincidence.” Sherlock noted. He kept his gaze on John, his blinking rapidly as he speculated as to why Moran would know Japanese, why he would
Sherlock glances back towards the mountains, sees the clouds hovering around the peaks, and sucks in a deep breath. Transitions, he realizes, hadn’t effected him much until recently; he’d managed to hold himself to an enormously high standard, and meet that standard, and he’s coming to realize that the past four years, he’s been a bit rudderless without the constant competition.
Sherlock sighs, closes his eyes and pinches the bridge of his nose. He’s reaching out because he feels
Squinting in suspicion, he unlocked his device and scrolled down to the end of what appeared to be a blank text.
Sherlock sighs and tries to dodge around the reporter, but he follows along, microphone thrusting towards Sherlock’s mouth. “The spotlight on gay athletes has–”
Sherlock opened a search page and slowly, reservedly, typed in ‘skiing deaths, past ten years.’ He’d heard of a few over the course of his career. Novice skiers thinking they could outsmart nature, taking turns too quickly, demoing skis that were wrong for the terrain. Speed demons, many of them, getting high from the rush, allowing the rush to kill them.
There were tittered of agreement before the same tech continued on. “You’re a bit of a mad bastard and sometimes it seems you’ve got a death wish but yeah, yeah, it’s been a fucking ball.”
“Shut up,” Sherlock says a moment later, but he can feel the slick little smile tipping his lips and turns to John to find him wearing a similar expression.
Sherlock’s smile stretches brighter at John’s flubbering speech. “Sleep? Oh, I don’t sleep, sleep is boring.” Sherlock tilts his head to the left and then spins fifteen degrees to the left on the stool, facing John fully. “You object so heartily to the nature of my relationship with Molly. Why?”
“Fuck, that’s hot,” John manages, breathlessly, and pushing the mess back inside of him with two fingers.
John gave him a half smile and fished out his credit card, just as Sherlock was doing his best to extract his wallet from his jacket. “Don’t worry about it, it’s on me.”
“No,” he says, as though the notion is entirely preposterous, as though he hadn’t brought it up in the first place.
Sherlock’s mouth perks in a half-smile at that, that somehow, in some small way, he and John5NF are sharing something, a common experience.
“Hello, Sherlock,” Molly says, sweeps her ponytail to her other shoulder and peels back the stark, white sheet covering the body before her. “Amir Rolf, twenty-five, pre-med. Tragic, really,” she says, her voice lowering an octave as she takes a step back, hands clasped behind her.
“Oh,” John says with a grin and captures Sherlock’s mouth in a kiss that turns filthy almost instantly. “I’m the lucky boy,” he gasps and pushes Sherlock flat on the bed.
, his conscious mind shouted at him and he narrowed his eyes, determining how much time he hand before he would reach the Bear’s Brow jump; the course prior to that point was where he knew he could pick up the most time.
After making certain there was no one to see him, he made his way stealthily around to the back. There was no basement to the structure, so Sherlock rushed silently up the back steps and tried the door. It rattled weakly but didn’t give, so he went around to the windows he could reach and tried at each one. The construction was bizarre, some windows obviously different models than the others, but none of them gave way under his ministrations. Sherlock cursed himself for not thinking ahead and bringing something to try to pry the windows open with.
A hand appeared at his right, his sunglasses on offer and he snatched them up, sliding them onto his face without bothering to see who’d brought them. He sifted fingers through his hair, plastered a patient smile on his face and leaned in to hear the next question.
Sherlock’s mouth ticks in a smile as he moves his arm up the bed, so he can half-scoop John into him. His mouth finds the crown of John’s head and he drops a kiss there, his eyelids drooping with satiation.
“Touching base with the network.” He unwinds the scarf from his neck and shucks his coat. For a moment, he fiddles with his mobile before slipping it into his trouser pocket. “I’m not sure how those things work.” Sherlock gestures vaguely towards the kitchen before rounding the coffee table and plunking down in front of his laptop.
The room smelled of sweat and sex and underneath it, the new, rich scent of the man beside him. Sherlock’s eyelids slipped closed and he allowed himself a moment to drift, to allow the endorphins to finish sizzling through his veins and leave him completely wiped out and sated. He couldn’t imagine moving from the bed at the moment, but John had been right earlier when he’d mentioned that they should begin developing a plan in regard to Moriarty.
“Yeah?” John asked, pressing himself up and over, leaving open-mouthed kisses to cool as he meandered down Sherlock’s torso. “You what?”
Bode glances at him, shaking his head a little shake and his brows rising as a warning, but Sherlock just turns back to the screen before him. Mentally cataloguing the next five skiers, and pulling up their details from his mind palace, he recalls their statistics.  Bode begins on the next skier, giving expert commentary and peppering his critiques with well-placed compliments.
His heart leaps to his throat and then simultaneously dives into his stomach. Sherlock Holmes is at the counter ordering a coffee and fluffing up his hair.
Moran blinked, plunked the toe of his boot back on the floor, the threat of being kicked in the face momentarily assuaged. Sherlock continued on, spoke earnestly and clearly. “It’s his bottom line that he cares about. You saw how easily he did away with Hanzu.You
She grinned at him and nodded, though something flashed in her eyes, silently demanding he elaborate. Damned media, if it bled, it led, but he wasn’t getting sucked into it, this drama. “I’m a little banged up but obviously fine.”
As a scientist, the losses baffled him; if he accurately calculated all of the available data, why wasn’t he making a
“It’s John Watson!” she shouts back and then cringes, her teeth a straight line in her mouth. “Your date is John Watson.”
And like that, Sally is all but forgotten; they fall in step next to one another as they cross the threshold into Lestrade’s office. “Can’t believe you’re asking for actual case files,” is his way of greeting, as he chews the last of his mid-morning donut.
Mike breaks into a bashful grin. “Yeah I thought, well John is recently back from abroad and is looking for something in the city.”
But the ten days in Spain had been refreshing for them. Sherlock had made good on his promise to tend to John’s wounds while in Barcelona, and John had begrudgingly let him. He bathed and soothed John in a private villa on the outskirts of the city. Incognito, they walked the cobblestone streets by night and had their fill of fine food and wine; they made slow, careful love on a private balcony beneath the stars.
Sherlock sucked in a deep breath, his eyes falling closed, and ran his hands up and down John’s sides, pausing to cup his hips. “Mmm, yes, that I can see.”
“They’re ready for you in exam room B,” she muttered and then walked away, both Sherlock and Greg watching as she went.
True, Sherlock had left him alone at the scene, but he’d seen himself home, splurged on a cab—had to make an excuse with Molly that he feels quite guilty about—and found himself wondering when he’d be able to see Sherlock again, if Sherlock would let him “assist” him again. John Watson is no one’s assistant, but perhaps a trusted colleague, someone who can lend a necessary, medical hand… well...
“Good, so do I,” John responded as his thumbs hovered over the screen patiently, waiting for Sherlock’s digits.
It was at that moment that his foot chose to remind him on his injury and he shifted his weight onto his other leg. The dull throbbing persisted and Sherlock grit his teeth against the sensation. It hurt, badly, but it wouldn’t be impossible to maneuver on, not for just one run.
This was much more than he’d ever expected it to be. Internally, Sherlock chastised himself yet again for allowing his sentiment to overrule his brain--he didn’t deserve any of the inevitable fallout that would come of this situation. Now, however, was not the time to be mulling over such things. “Greg,” Sherlock implored without taking his eyes off of John’s face, “call for an ambulance, would you? Do let them know that there’s an attempted murderer lying on our floor about to resurface from being knocked out and that some sort of police presence would be advisable.”
John laughs and that, takes a moment to shuffle just beside Sherlock now, both of them with their heads back against the cushion, their faces just far enough apart that they can catch the other’s eye if need be. It’s bizarre, completely, the route that this conversation has taken, but John doesn’t backtrack, doesn’t try to steer them on some sort of course.
Sherlock settles beneath the blankets, and allows his eyes to fall closed and John watches Sherlock relax, watches as his body sinks into its preferred sleeping arrangement. A fuzzy sort of pride overtakes John as he gazes upon the man he loves, resting. Trusting him to be near while he’s at rest.
at any of this? Sherlock is deficient and defunct, so outside of the realm of normal that not pointing this out to John feels like lying.
: well with nothing else to go on I’d asay that the victim would have bled out in less than ten mintues..
“Fell asleep in the lobby.” Sherlock’s head lolled on his shoulders. “Was weighing my options for the night and deciding whether or not I need to fire my agent for putting me up in this blasted place.”
With a small harrumph--mostly because he knows he’s sure to have to interact with Sherlock Holmes again--he opens the email application and begins scrolling through.
John shakes his head and stands, wraps his hand tighter around his coffee cup and clarifies: “For the time, for letting me know the time.”
“Yes, good,” Sherlock says, paying incredibly close attention to his mobile because he’s not entirely sure what to say, now. It’s an odd sensation, a pit-of-the-stomach hollowness that permeates his body with want, the notion of John leaving.
Mycroft sighed and Sherlock found himself smiling at the sound. “I’m through for the moment, but Sherlock, do mind your surroundings. There are cameras
“Mmm,” Sherlock hums and pulls out his mobile. “Just as I know you were invalided home from the war and have a psychosomatic limp.” John’s eyes flash at that. “Which your therapist has diagnosed, quite rightly.”
Sherlock took the opportunity to run his full gaze over the man beside him, from his plain brown shoes to the very tips of his gray-streaked blonde hair. A sports reporter would likely know the extent of his injuries off hand but he didn’t fit the bill of a member of the press. There was only one other option, then.
John’s good mood evaporates instantly upon spying a tall figure perched on a stool over a body. Molly is nowhere to be seen and so John tosses down his shoulder bag with a loud clang.
Lifting the cover off of the plate he was greeted with a heaping pile of scrambled eggs, four pieces of toast, and a half of a grapefruit. Sherlock’s mind blanked out for a brief second; no one save for his trainers had ever provided him with breakfast before, and that had been because he’d been on a strict regime and had been told not to take supplements.
Philip stepped forward with Sherlock’s skis and the group stepped back, falling silent once more. “Now,” Philip said, with gravitas. “Let’s get you into these fuckers and send you down that mountain at eighty miles an hour.”
Instead of taking the compliment, her eyes narrow and she clutches around the strap of her bag. “What… what’s going on? You’re being...nice.”
To his credit, Greg didn’t take very long to compose himself, instantly going to his knees by John and working at his bindings with shaky hands. “You two, you
When he met with the snow once more his mind bolted back to life, reminding him not to take the next left-facing curve too quickly; he eased his legs into the turn, his hips canting
Sherlock considers that for a moment, sliding the safety goggles up onto his head, causing his fringe to point out wildly. For the number of expressions John has seen cross Sherlock’s expressive face, this one is most seldom seen: confusion.
He can’t help but laugh at Sherlock’s near-flailing. John struggles to his knees, tongue out and touching his bottom lip as he concentrates on getting Sherlock’s shirt unbuttoned, even as Sherlock continues to move and shift.
,” Adam says, clicking on the speech bubble, pivoting away as he begins typing furiously on his phone.
“Shut up,” Sherlock growled, but picked up the pace towards his door. “And for your information, the gold podium is
Sherlock’s voice falls absolutely deadpan as he says, “And if I had to deduce, a cock of average length.”
“Psychosomatic, don’t bother!” Sherlock cuts him off, and a grin breaks across John’s face. He’s quite happy that the limp is technically just in his head, but he’s sure he wouldn’t have discovered that had it not been for Sherlock.
The corner of Sherlock’s mouth twitched and then settled. He sank his chopsticks into a bowl of noodles. “Effervescent,” he said quietly, soft eyes holding John’s.
Sherlock sighs and mimics John’s more relaxed pose. “She and I met through a colleague. There was some… business with a man who was garrotting women and I was asked to assist on the matter. That’s how we met. I must admit, I was rather… younger, then. As was she. She’s… useful. Helpful when she needs to be.”
John, pulling up short behind Sherlock when he stops, glances from Sally to Sherlock, Sherlock to Sally. “That’s pretty… unprofessional,” he says. His arms, formerly at his sides, come up to cross securely over his chest.
“Nah, a bit tipsy I’ll admit, but you gotta let loose once in awhile, yeah?” Sherlock watched as John’s hand moved to clap him on the shoulder twice. Even after he’d pulled away, Sherlock’s gaze lingered on the spot where his palm had just rested.
John leaned in, smiled against Sherlock’s lips. “Good then, very good,” he said, and then he licked into Sherlock’s mouth, sure and hot and
Molly’s eyes are wide and her lips move, though no speech comes out. “Well, uhm. He’s… fit. Sure, yeah. Uhm…” Worrying her lip between her teeth, she meets Sherlock’s gaze before she continues. “About, say, oh five foot seven inches, sandy blonde hair, kind eyes, very nice smile, well-dressed and erm…”
Holmes took gold this past March in the downhill at the World Cup, in Lenzerheide, Switzerland. When I ask what he thought of the course he rolls his eyes, sips his tea, and leans back, leveling me with what I’m sure he hopes is an intimidating glare. “It’s snow, it’s slope. It’s science. If you know anything about physics there’s nothing to it at all.”
Sherlock bent and accepted his medal, the synthetic lanyard falling heavy against his neck. His trailed his pointer and middle finger over the weight that rested against his chest. He glanced up and out at the all of the flags, at the people clapping and cheering for
somehow, being the one to notice and cherish these things about John Watson. He wants to be the only person who knows these things about John, the only one who knows what they mean.
“But you didn’t, because race day is-” Sherlock managed to cut him off with a severe scowl and Lestrade’s mouth snapped shut almost comically. “Right, go on.”
John’s eyes seemed to twinkle in amazement and Sherlock swallowed, reserving the look to replay in his mind whenever he wanted. “You were… god, I’m a broken record. You were fucking brilliant, how do you feel?” John asked, all the while smoothing Sherlock’s hair away from his face.
John passes his tongue over his lower lip and takes a breath, tipping his chin in Sherlock’s direction. “All of those things you knew about me, how did you…”
John5NF’s answer doesn’t come for a few minutes; Sherlock reads through the case file once more before he has his answer.
She puts the bone saw down on the table and strips herself of the overlarge protective gloves she has on. She pushes the safety goggle back, up into her hair and she takes a step forward. “Usually, well… yes, actually.”
The shower he takes is of no use, and, when he dries and changes into his pajamas, John resigns himself to taking a shower in the morning as well. He can’t be seen at the surgery like this, can he?
and no one around them had any idea. Sherlock was pondering over why that made him so invigorated when John giggled, once. “That was… ridiculous, the most ridiculous thing I’ve ever done,” John said conspiratorially, even as he grinned up at Sherlock.
John is out of bed in a second, naked and rounding the bed to meet him. For a moment, they simply stand in front of one another, before John wraps his hand around Sherlock’s neck and brings him in for a kiss. “That was… good, yeah?”
His throat felt tight, his eyes stung and he felt lighter than air, like he might fly away. There was a pressure in his chest, bright and warm, as though he’d burst from the sheer force of it. His pride swelled and he found himself grinning up at the Union Jack.
Sherlock’s mouth opens to speak, but he stops as a woman steps up, letting them know that their table is ready. Sherlock steps in front, leading as always, and John steps behind him, thrilled to place his fingers just barely at the small of Sherlock’s back. It’s such a casually intimate gesture it makes John’s breath stutter for a moment as he glances down at the pads of his fingers where they brush the expensive silk of Sherlock’s suit jacket.
,” Sherlock growls, knowing full well they’d gotten both his face and his response on tape. Finally taking a cue, the man very nearly scampered away into the crowd.
Molly was the first to stumble her way up to him, slinging an arm around his waist and steering him in the direction of their booth. “Can you drink? Are you… allowed to drink? Oh god, am I hurting you?” She released him and then looked up at him, blinked and burst into tears.
“Probably, yeah, a good idea. Think he broke a rib… or seven.” John’s eyes fell closed as he took a deep breath. He was bloodied and bruised but he wasn’t broken; he looked like a miracle to Sherlock. When his eyes peeled open, they settled, concerned, on Sherlock’s face. “Are you? Are you alright, Jesus, Sherlock...”
He was strong lines and graceful curves, his hips cutting to the left and right to steer his body. Powerful calves shifted and contracted, angling his skis. His lean muscles flexed beneath the lycra as he twisted around a sharp turn and thudded over a jump, his head down and eyes focused as he rocketed ahead.
Sherlock looks ridiculous, and charming, and John looks away only after Sherlock catches him watching.
And John doesn’t even put up a fight, just enters the lift and stabs the button for the main floor and says, “There’s a place two blocks away that I’ve heard good things about. Think they have outdoor seating, too.”
Sherlock struggled to clear his mind, remove himself from the emotions that were welling in his chest and listen to the bustle around him. It was a long shot, thinking that any of the other competitors might know something and let it slip. Still, he needed to be certain that most of them were off the course and accounted for here if he was to see what he could find at Moriarty’s villa; he couldn’t run the risk of getting caught by one of the other skiers, especially not one that held Moriarty in high regard.
Sherlock’s hands wander; he attempts to tamp the hunger, his fingers nearly shaking with the desire to touch everything, at once. His palms slide down John’s back, grasp securely at hip and then arse, tugging John’s body firmly and solidly against his. Their cocks slot together, hot and slippery, and Sherlock rolls his hips, causing a friction that tugs in the pit of his stomach.
“Good,” Sherlock grinds, finding a slightly awkward, but firmer grip on his cock. His voice is rough-hewn and unbalanced, “Neither am I.” John grins, bats Sherlock’s hand away and manages to find the bottle, dribbling a bit over Sherlock’s length before securing the top of the bottle and throwing it across the room.
“Oh, listen to me,” Moriarty cut in once more. “Wrapping it all up like I’m a villain in a bad movie. Do excuse me, I can admit it, I’m a
Together, they made their way to the starting hut, in which were gathered the first six skiers of his qualifying round. None of them spoke to each other, instead conferring with their trainers and coaches in hushed tones; Sherlock and his company were silent.
John huffed a silent laugh, his chin moving with the force of it. “Obviously? I’m off to Austria at the beginning February with Johnson and the boys.”
Sherlock smiles, feels his cheeks burn with the stretch of it,  runs the pads of his fingers over the jutting of the keyboard and then pulls away; he brings his fingers to his mouth and decides whether or not to follow the insane idea that has popped into his head. But what does he have to lose, really? If John5NF turns out to be a goldfish like the rest of humanity, he hasn’t really invested anything in this, so he’ll lose nothing.
“Leather on my bare arse? Ah, no,” and John steps back, gives Sherlock a little shove and Sherlock goes willingly down on the bed, backside bouncing as he lands.
“Were you not complaining about me being gone for two weeks just a moment ago?” With a flick of his wrist, he shut his notebook and stared unwaveringly at John.
The dog nudges into him again and Sherlock nods, “That’s right,” Sherlock bends to run thin fingers over Redbeard’s ears. “At least he thinks I’m fit.”
It doesn’t help that he can smell John, dime-store soap fresh, right next to him. The spicy-sweet combination of off-brand cleanser hits Sherlock’s nose and he’s startlingly aware that any time going forth, if he smells this scent, it will remind him immediately of John Watson.
The tips of Sherlock’s fingers hovered over the glossy surface as he stooped to inspect Molly’s handiwork. They looked perfect to his eye, but it was how they reacted when they hit the snow that mattered. If the run went well, Molly would know to prepare his equipment just as she had today. “Well done,” he said, eyes still on the skis and loathe to pull away.
: Please, simply assure me that you will give me the benefit of the doubt and let me explain myself.
When they get into bed that evening, Sherlock is content with John snuggling up behind him, playing big-spoon to perfection despite their height differences.
It was Sherlock who suggested that the house be sold sooner rather than later, and that John should reoccupy his old room until the basement flat was adequately livable. “Can’t take more than a year.” And just like that, Mrs. Hudson had agreed to the changes, happy to comply with a renovation if she didn’t have to pay out of pocket for it.
He knows Mary. He knows Mary now like he’d known Sherlock. For a while, he’d thought that knowing her would mean losing a part of Sherlock and he’d not wanted to do that. Not a bit. But over time, he’d learned to think about Sherlock less and less, put him to the back of his mind instead of the forefront. But sometimes he crops up, makes his presence so undeniably known that John almost resents Mary for her presence.
: That’s a very specific question, may I ask how the person would have come to sustain such an injury?
“Ah,” Sherlock says, his gaze falling briefly to John’s mouth; John catches the glimpse and smiles warmly.
“I am… I feel…” Sherlock blinked and brought his brow to rest upon John’s. “God, I could go for another Vicodin.”
It feels forced to him to reconnect with someone this way, especially his old Army comrades. Would they think him needy? Would they look on him as a charity case? He frowns at his own uncertainty and closes the screen, opting to head down to the Indian place on the corner and grab a quick bite, if only just to get away from the computer for a bit.
his soulmate, what had John’s first thought been upon seeing him? He couldn’t recall for the life of him.
John purposely avoided bringing up the Yule Ball around Sherlock from that day forth. It was no use if he couldn’t invite him to begin with, and he didn’t want to get Sherlock’s hopes up only to slam him back down again. Decorations in the Great Hall had gradually started to celebrate the Christmas festivities, but John was finding it difficult to be infected with the same joy as the rest of the cohort.
Sherlock hummed in agreement, a smirk ghosting his features. “Someone was laughing the whole way through. Quite off-putting, really.”
"Right, well, um... I started talking to Will around a year ago when I was still serving. We took down each other's numbers and just text now, because it's easier. Despite that, I... really like him. He's witty, intelligent, a bit of a drama queen. But—"
John turned his head to stare at the wall. And felt his jaw drop to the floor. In place of the blank wall, a huge door had suddenly appeared which John was 100% certain was not there before. “What the...”
Cameras followed Nev and Max as they made their way through airport security and onto their flight, a few cheeky shots capturing a snoring Nev as the plane drifted over the Atlantic.
John’s feet led him to nowhere in particular. He strode through the streets of London, every brick in the walls reminding him of a different memory. He wanted to be angry at Sherlock. Wanted to hate him for keeping him in the dark for so long. But he couldn’t.
“E-Excuse me, sirs. We need to clean up for the next movie. Would it be alright if you left the theatre?” A young employee spoke up from beside them. Sherlock hadn’t noticed him either. He really
One more chapter to go! Hope you enjoyed the cliffhanger. Let me know your thoughts in the comments.
John grinned and took a sip of his Butterbeer. "Dumbledore isn't a bloody fool, y'know. We couldn't enter even if we wanted to."
At that, a kind of awkward silence overcame them and John looked away, licking his lips. Reaching into his bag, he pulled out a bottle of Firewhisky and held it up to Sherlock. “Fancy a drink?”
Sherlock took John’s hand in his own and shook it warmly. “The pleasure is mine.” His lips wavered in a threatened smile. What was it about this man that made him so whimsical?
Mike looked up, offering John a slanted smile. “Well. I suppose you’ll be meeting him tomorrow evening, then?”
But of course not, he thought, waking up days later in a British hospital with a wounded shoulder and a defective leg. The universe was never so lazy.
John and Sherlock had both awoken after that night with a searing headache, bodies curled uncomfortably on their armchairs with the aftertaste of Firewhisky lingering on their tongues. John recalled a sense of fondness enveloping him upon seeing Sherlock asleep, but this was soon overshadowed by a lurching in his gut and a sudden need for the loo. The Room of Requirement, immediately understanding, summoned one beside him, and John bundled over to empty his stomach.
Sherlock’s eyes remained on his microscope, disinterested. “Hm? Me? Oh, no. My soulmate is rather… careful.”
“Shut up.” John smiled. “Pretty amazing that you’re already an apprentice. How did that come about?”
As he lay there, bleeding out on the hot Afghan sand, he wondered if it was all for nothing. If, because of his recklessness and unrivaled loyalty, his soulmate would never get the chance to experience those first thoughts.
“That I’m a squib, I mean. The rumours are true, in case you hadn’t noticed.” Sherlock held himself with shame, as though he was anticipating a rejection at the newly revealed not-so-secret.
“Not a serial killer, either, no.” Sherlock spoke eventually, once sober. And then, like the transition from sunshine to rain, the mood shifted unexpectedly, Sherlock levelling a serious gaze in John’s direction. “But I was a drug addict. I’m not going to try and dodge that anymore. When we first started talking, I’d relapsed for the fourth time. Cocaine, mostly. But morphine occasionally, when I could get my hands on it.”
John cracked a grin. “That was your genius plan? To disguise me as you so I don’t get caught after curfew?”
His eyes were similarly locked onto the floor below, but this time, John didn’t plan to go down without a fight. His conversation with Molly had left something akin to hope inside him, and he prayed that Cedric had been right about Professor Sprout’s so called ‘understanding’ nature.
Particularly so when John dated a different woman every week, bringing few home for introductions. It was after a particularly straining dinner when Sherlock finally spoke, words biting.
Molly looked in deep thought, contemplating. “Have you toyed with the possibility of this not being about sexuality?”
.” He reached out to shake Sherlock’s hand and after a few moments consideration, Sherlock accepted the greeting.
Over the next few days and weeks, Sherlock and John made sure to meet by the Black Lake on frequent occasion. Their conversation topics were vast, and John savoured each and every one of them. He learnt more of Sherlock’s childhood and his family dog, Redbeard, while Sherlock deduced that John was a half-blood, had an older sister Harry and liked to play Quidditch.
John nodded sharply. “I’ll head there right now, sir.” With one last glance in Sherlock’s direction, John hurried towards the classroom’s exit, scooping up his own belongings on the way out. If Snape hadn’t believed their story, he never let on.
“Oh?” John lifted his head. Something akin to sadness suddenly overcame him as he regarded Sherlock. “Well, lucky me. You’re quite interesting.”
“You don’t need to do anything to warrant my affections, Sherlock. We have each other because I like you and you like me too. That’s all there is to it.”
“That squib’s got everything to do with this! He’s been taking John away every blooming second, filling his head with shit,
Gossip was still going crazy about Harry Potter, and John was vaguely aware that many of the students had even gone so far as to wear ‘Potter Stinks’ and ‘Support Cedric Diggory’ badges in spite. It seemed that with his absorption in Sherlock, John had avoided a large phase of the school year and with that, his connection with his housemates. John had expressed this to Sherlock during one of their (now daily) meet ups in the Room of Requirement.
“Nervous as hell.” John admitted with a light laugh. “I mean, he obviously didn’t want to meet me for a reason. I feel like I’m invading his privacy or something, y’know?”
“Well, I’m glad one of us does. You’re absolutely hopeless.” quipped Sherlock, evoking another loud bout of laughter from John. He pulled away to instead bury his face against Sherlock’s stomach, body quivering with mirth.
In a comical fashion, Nev’s eyes widened and he nudged Max roughly in his excitement. “John…” he trailed, a cheeky smile on his face. “Are you guys living together?”
“Well, actually…” John began. He was interrupted by a distant call in the background. John’s face instantaneously burned rouge.
The humour was terrible, the actors clearly weren’t paid enough, and if Sherlock had to sit through another second, he was sure his brain would rot.
, we got nothing. Just like you said, it’s a really common name and none of the results seemed to match your description of William.”
Nev was stunned, speechless that things had worked out so well between them. Their show rarely produced genuine success, and Max knew that Nev was a closet romantic. His insides were likely jumping for joy.
The music was, in simple terms, beautiful. John watched with wide, enraptured eyes as Sherlock effortlessly handled the fragile instrument, seemingly unaware of John’s presence. It was a sight to behold, indeed. Carefully, John made his way to his usual armchair, collapsing onto it soundlessly and closing his eyes. He might have fallen asleep within a few minutes, too, if all of a sudden, the music hadn’t come to a complete halt.
John sat still. He stared at Sherlock with wide, wavering eyes. How could Sherlock perceive himself as so unworthy?
But tomorrow always came, and Sherlock never told. It was excruciating. Perhaps it was the fact that John was already such an important part of Sherlock’s life which made it so difficult. They had saved each other’s lives multiple times, they bounced ideas off each other, they lived together. Heck, Sherlock was fairly certain they had even cooked together once or twice.
“First of all, every Hufflepuff fifth-year refuses to sit with me in class. They’ve been bloody throwing slurs at me left and right, woken me up in the middle of the night,
me, Will.” John’s tone was fond, and Sherlock’s eyes softened at his use of the nickname. Nobody else called him William. No one but John. “The conversations we had… your brilliance, your humour, your haughtiness… They saved me from things that I don’t even like to acknowledge. We can brush aside the fact that we barely exchanged photos. We can brush aside the fact that we never talked and that we didn’t know each other’s full name. Because thanks to all this,” John gestured downstairs, where the Catfish crew were most likely waiting with knuckle-biting anticipation, “I got to meet you in the end, anyway. And it was anything
“I still don’t understand why he would change his name, though. That clearly says he has something he wants to hide. But
“Jul 25, 2010 - The Science of Deduction. by Sherlock Holmes. Sherlock Holmes. I'm Sherlock Holmes, the world's only consulting detective. I'm not going to go into detail ...”’
But they were backed by the camera crew, John by their side, and they had a plan to stick to. They’d paid the cabbie extra so they could sit there for a while longer and gather their wits.
“Little Watson,” he greets, putting her down gently and slinging her backpack over his shoulder. “How was school?”
Once everyone was settled, though the term ‘settled’ here is used loosely, Nev began to speak once more. “So, I know this is obviously a bit of a surprise. It was quite difficult to get in contact with you and we feared you might not want to meet John, hence the suddenness of it all. But, for John, as he’s told us, this is a very important step he needs to take.”
Before he could quite comprehend where it was going, their fingers were fumbling over each other’s buttons clumsily and Sherlock’s lips were drifting away from John’s own. Instead, they pressed against his cheekbone, drifted down to his jawline and settled against his neck, kissing and sucking and licking until John was left gasping beneath him.
Sherlock continued to stare at John, unsure of what to do. He didn’t know where to look, or what to say. Rather, he lifted from the sofa and moved to his own armchair across from John. Closing his eyes in fear of uncanny eye contact, Sherlock propped his hands beneath his chin. It was silent. But it was far from peaceful.
“Mr Watson is currently serving detention, Holmes. You’d be in your right mind not to distract him.” interrupted Snape, shooting Sherlock a knowing glare.
John purposely avoided Nev’s gaze, looking out the window with a smile etched onto his face. He nodded softly. “Good… quite extraordinary.”
They were both painfully aware of how heavily they were breathing, lungs quaking in a suppressed fear. The silence in the room was nauseating. In that moment, Sherlock was convinced he’d become a helpless victim of vertigo.
“Are you leaving?” continued Sherlock. He spoke steadily, but his insides were stirring. He wasn’t quite sure he wanted to know the answer.
After a three month rehab program funded by none other than Mycroft, and a following six month ban on both the Barts’ labs and his own personal experiments, Sherlock was bored witless.
Max looked doubtful. “Nev, John has barely even seen a photo of this guy. Clearly he’s a public figure. It would take, what? Three minutes to get all the information we just did and make a fake profile out if it. Maybe this person knows John personally, knows what he likes, and is trying to lure him. We don’t know.”
Grabbing a few glasses (which had miraculously appeared at John’s will), John poured them both a sizable amount, reaching over to hand one to Sherlock. Sherlock took it from John’s grasp gingerly, taking a sip and grimacing at the taste. John laughed fondly at his expression. “Let’s just ignore the fact that it tastes like absolute bollocks, yeah?”
"You badly wanted to meet me before you made any drastic decisions regarding our companionship, and, going by the rather alarming gang of cameramen behind you, sought the help of some external source. American, most likely, going by the MTV label on the equipment."
At least that’s what John told himself until he turned fourteen. From then, it seemed as though at least once a week his limbs were on fire, constant bursts of pain littering every inch of his skin. He’d walk home from school with tears welling in his eyes, flinching and jolting until he finally reached his front door step, when the pain would abruptly drop to a dull thrum. He should have been angry. He should have despised his soulmate for condemning him to such pain. But instead, John hurt. He hurt so badly, because he knew that somewhere in the world, there was a person suffering. His soulmate was suffering, but John couldn’t do anything to help. That pain hurt more than any physical pain ever could.
John grimaced, pulling down his shirt sleeves instinctively. His soul mark was no longer a hopeful sign of love. It was simply a cruel reminder of the cripple he’d become. He was no longer a military man. He was no longer in Afghanistan. He was no longer a practicing doctor. When it all came down to it, he was utterly useless.
?” sputtered John, looking up with fierce eyes. “Sorry, Professor, but this so called ‘joking around’ has been happening for weeks, and I’m struggling to see where the humour is.”
“The Yule Ball will be a grand experience for all of you,” spoke Professor Sprout. “A chance to let loose, have fun, and dance the night away.”
It took everyone a while to figure out what he was referring to before they remembered. Of course. The first question they’d asked.
Because three days later, when the withdrawal symptoms had stopped completely, John stopped experiencing any pain. At all. Weeks passed, and there were no more occasional jabs on his hands and wrists. John should have been relieved. After all, here was a sign that his soulmate was no longer abusing substances. But the lack of pain was odd – eerie, even – and it left John with a human sized hole in his heart.
“Here was John Watson. A military doctor. He’d made it very clear to me the second we met that he was ‘not gay, thank you very much.’ And at first, I really did suspect you were my soulmate. The injuries you had sustained, your age. Everything fit. But, then, as we became acquainted, I began to doubt it.”
Licking his lips nervously, the laptop on John’s lap fidgeted. “Quite… well, I’d say. It’s difficult sometimes, though, to know exactly what Sherlock’s thinking.”
John’s smile became wistful, and in high hopes, he brought his glass up to chug a few more mouthfuls of liquid courage. “Michael basically said he didn’t want me sleeping near him anymore because I’m a fag.”
John licked his lips. “No… No, not boyfriend. We haven’t really discussed it explicitly, and William isn’t that kind of person, honestly. The whole idea of ‘flirting’ just seems juvenile. But even though we do just text, I can’t help but think there’s
“Mmm, that’s where you’re wrong.” John teased, holding his bag up so that Sherlock could deduce the other bottle currently lying inside.
Something churned in John's stomach. Suddenly, that second Chocolate Frog didn't look so appetizing and he smiled awkwardly at the other boys as they broke down cackling.
Sherlock usually prided himself on composure, but in that moment, he was more flustered than he’d ever been before. His mouth gaped open and the eye contact was maintained for an uncomfortable length of time.
His therapist had suggested a blog – to write about everything that happened to him. It was a shame, really, because it was a good idea in theory. But nothing happened to John. And a part of him doubted anything ever would.
“So…” Sprout paused, as though she was trying desperately to understand the situation. “You just felt like it?”
“Well, that’s just what I think. Could be a perfectly normal guy for all we know. But I guess we should go and inform John, right?”
“Well, it’s true. You’re the most amazing person I’ve ever met. Annnddd… I don’t care that you’re a squib, you know.”
Nev barked out a laugh. “So the secret he’s keeping from John is that his name isn’t William and he’s a druggo?”
“Sounds good to me. It’ll have to be after 4:00pm, though. I have an appointment with my therapist.”
“John. Stop.” Sherlock’s voice was forceful this time, and John’s voice drifted off into complete silence.
He can no longer help it, he rolls his eyes and plunks the paper cup down on the worktop. “Just… take the damned coffee, John.”
he thinks to himself and concedes the point, his face twisting in a half-grimace. His gaze is drawn back to his dog, who is now resting on his belly in the grass, nose to nose with a sparrow, either of them eyeing the other suspiciously.
“Two thousand pounds, Sherlock, and you don’t know if you were ever paid it? Christ, must be nice not to have to worry about money.”
“And I thought all of your, your, what, deductions? I thought they were so brilliant. Really, truly brilliant and then ‘Oh, I’m William,’ and of
John chuckles and folds his hands atop the table. “I’m likely going to order a bit more than lunch would really call for, just as a warning.”
“Oh.” Sherlock stares at John for a long moment, his face starkly blank. “I. I suppose. That would be.” And he stops, mid-sentence, to blink. “Nice.”
“That said,” John’s lips trailed from behind Sherlock’s ear before he sat back, bent and ran his upper teeth lightly over Sherlock’s Adam’s apple. “I’ve had you, isn’t time you have me?”
And through it all, through the proposal and marriage, through the Rosie’s birth, through all of the life-altering events both good and bad, he’d loved Sherlock Holmes. And it’s all mirrored back at him in Sherlock’s eyes, the way he holds himself, the way he speaks.
By the time he’d finished up with the fans, a wave of exhaustion overtook him and he longed desperately for the sanctuary of his room. Sherlock quickened his steps, weaving through the groups of people en route to his hotel. The soreness in his thighs began to make itself known and he had to stop, lean over and stretch it out; he would indeed have to excel in his two remaining training runs on Rosa Khutor if he expected his body to respond in a manner with which he was comfortable.
Sherlock places his own chopsticks down and blots daintily at his lips. When he pulls away, he assesses John for a long moment, during which John feel as though he’s being stealthily stripped apart. It’s unsettling but not entirely unpleasant. He finds that he wants to know what
Greg was silent, a grin plastered on his face, before he nodded, said, “Holy shit,” and charged at Sherlock, wrapping him up in a tight but careful hug, avoiding his ribs. “Holy shit, mate, holy shit.”
“I believe you promised me some grinding in a dark corner,” Sherlock murmured from behind him, close to John’s ear.
Their feet crunch over the fine gravel and they wander side-by-side into the heart of town, a silence borne of a decade of friendship settling comfortably between them. John steals a glance, noting the way the tendrils of sunset that have found their way between low clouds cause Sherlock’s hair to light almost neon purple; it’s a poetic thought, and John rebukes himself for it momentarily, before giving in and glancing over again.
John is spurred on by that fact that he knows these things about Sherlock Holmes, these secret, intimate, idiosyncratic things. It’s what he needs, a little nudge towards that cliff’s edge. “Do you think—”
He’d opened himself up to John5NF on a whim and--if he really thinks about it, really considers what he’s doing--hadn’t
Or does any of it matter at all, because Sherlock is rather certain that this, this hopeless miasma of sickening, breath-taking emotion must be what people mean when they describe falling in love.
The teacher has dialled the police by now, and waits with sharp eyes for it to be answered. Apparently, however, there is no point. Her eyes lighten up with satisfaction as she spots a familiar figure in the distance. It’s John, and he’s jogging slightly to where the commotion is taking place.
“Of course, sorry.” apologised John, his hand clenching nervously by his side. He turned to Sherlock. “Right… well… I best be off then.” His grip tightened around his cane.
The woman looks as though she wants to die of embarrassment. Sherlock doesn’t blame her. “I’m so, so sorry!” she apologizes after a moment of tense quietness. “I… I should have put the dots together. God, I’m so sorry.”
It was a little awkward and John cracked a grin. He was unprepared for the pair of piercing blue – no, green? – eyes which suddenly locked with his, and John suppressed a gulp. His grin faded to an unsure half-smile. But then Sherlock's gaze was elsewhere and John felt something clench uncomfortably in his stomach. The smile hadn't been returned and the look in Sherlock's eyes was haunting to say the least. Not that John blamed him, really. It was the boy's first day here, and he likely wasn't given the same lenience as the other students. John suppressed a shiver at the thought of Snape being his mentor. He was bad enough as a professor for two periods a week. He didn't even want to imagine what it would be like to have him breathing down your neck at all hours, day after day.
When the man proceeded to dissect him, sharing information about John which was hidden beneath layers of clothing, John knew it had to be him. Army doctor, psychosomatic limp… It was too precise, too
It was comforting – to hug someone. To know that both of you are there in that moment together. Their breaths rose and fell as one. The two of them against the rest of the world.
London was a new experience entirely for the two men, as they'd previously never left the States for the show. Hiring a car proved too much of a hassle - especially to be driving on the opposite side of the road - so they hailed a cab to take them to their hotel room.
John clutched the sides of his chair so hard his knuckles turned white and tried desperately to calm his breaths. “Yep.” he replied, popping the ‘P’.
The crew shifted, all four of the MTV colleagues moving to escape downstairs. But Max wasn’t the cameraman of
Sherlock mirrored him, closing his book and placing it on the armrest. “I was simply wondering why you feel the need to bring so many different dull women home. Shouldn’t you be, I don’t know, searching for your soulmate?”
Sherlock shook his head. “No, no, not awkward at all. I mean, they’re quite good, really. Most of them.”
He considered leaving. And he was about to, really. But then a bout of laughter erupted from somewhere further down in the cinema and Sherlock’s attention was diverted elsewhere.
Concern had been gradually growing on Sprout’s features as John spoke, but at the last statement, her expression morphed into one of confusion. “I’m sorry, John, but what does Mr Holmes have to do with all this?”
Since the first introduction, John hadn’t actually heard Sherlock speak, so it came as quite the shock when he immediately opened his mouth to reply.
The movie was nearly over. It had to have been. Hours had passed and it seemed as though the main complication of the film had already been resolved. Sherlock’s legs bounced restlessly. He had yet to find the source of the giggles and time was running thin. He did another thorough scan of the theatre, mentally prompting a laugh from every audience member. But nobody laughed.
John took a sharp breath in. Of course. He should have expected the conversation to rear back this way. Mirroring Sherlock, John took a much larger sip of his drink, coughing slightly at the trademark burning sensation. “Maybe.”
“Pleasure.” Nodded Sherlock, though it was clear to observe he was discomforted by the sudden introductions.
John remained silent, gaze locked on his tattered and hopelessly uninteresting shoes. Speaking wouldn’t help him in this scenario. Sure, he had acted in retaliation, but retaliation from what? Being called a ‘fag’? The word itself brought bile to the back of John’s throat and he fruitlessly tried to redirect his thoughts.
He couldn’t believe the audacity. “We don’t know a thing about each other. I don’t know where we’re meeting, I don’t even know your name.”
John breathed deeply through his nose in a desperate attempt to calm down. Apparently, silence was not the correct answer.
John’s lips quirked into a small smile. “No, no, it was um, my pleasure, I suppose. Here, did you need me to...” John awkwardly gestured to the already forming bruise on Sherlock’s cheek.
“Fine, okay, yeah. I’ve been a little negligent towards you guys but… are you kidding me? ‘So… you a fairy then?’ What does that have to do with anything?”
That was the end of the conversation. With tears threatening to spill, John finally surrendered and sat down, blurred vision spurring him to write even faster. Snape was a git, yeah. But John supposed he had a point.
– was in control of so many of his thoughts infuriated him. He vaguely wondered how Mycroft did it. Remained so unattached. So cold, one might argue. Sherlock remembered a story his older brother had told him when he was young.
Nev smiled reassuringly. “That’s fine. Just makes it a better challenge for Max and I. Before we head back to our hotel to try and dig up any more information on William, is there anything else you think could be useful for us to know? Friend names, locations, workplace, hobbies…”
John lifted his gaze to study Sherlock. But then Sherlock was opening his eyes again. Their gazes met. John froze, his teacup to his mouth.
Sherlock smiled authentically at this, cheeks red and eyes shimmering. He dropped against John so that their bodies were pressed against each other and his face could nestle comfortably against the crook of John’s neck. “Thank you for liking me.” he whispered.
for no reason. He had skills of his own. Positioned in the gap of the door, he left the camera on an awkward angle to capture as much as possible before joining the rest downstairs. If Sherlock noticed, he remained silent.
Sherlock stood, staring at John with wide, heartbroken eyes. His chest was expanding heavily, as though he was having trouble breathing, before all of a sudden he turned away from John and stormed from Snape’s office.
Nev scrolled through John’s messages with an intent gaze, tilting the phone to the camera when anything piqued his interest.
The woman ushers the other waiting children inside and tells them to sit quietly. She turns back to Sherlock. Her eyes are fierce. “I have no idea who you are, but I’ve met Rosie’s father on multiple occasions and you are certainly
“Like um… maybe tell them the truth, first. And then say, ‘you can either accept that and we can go on being mates, or you can be a total prick about it and never talk to me again.’”
John gesticulated wildly, “is none of your business. How dare you all come here, while I’m trying to sleep, and fucking try and accuse me of shit you know nothing about. Second of all, Sherlock’s my friend, so if I hear you call him a dirty squib once more, I won’t hesitate to hex you. If you wanted to know what was going on, oh, I don’t know, maybe you could have asked me politely like normal human beings, but apparently, you’re all too delusional to care about common decency any more.”
“Not hard to tell, considering you have a pen protruding from your left pocket and your robes are donning a magical family crest which reads your father’s surname. Your father’s obviously not a muggle, then, but why else would you have a muggle pen? Simple – you mother’s a muggle and you’re a half-blood. Not rocket science, Roger.” Sherlock offered the group an awkward half-smile that more closely resembled a grimace, and that was as far as the verbal exchange went. Suddenly, Sally Donovan was shoving Sherlock’s papers and books off the bench in a huff whilst the Ravenclaw boy, Roger, grabbed Sherlock by the robes and landed a punch directly by his left cheek.
scaring them? I’m just trying to pick my daughter up from school. Maybe if you went and fetched her, you’d realise this was all a huge misunderstanding the moment she recognised me.”
Nev and Max looked at each other in disbelief from behind him. “John?” he asked softly, placing a hand on John’s shoulder.
“Well,” John coughed awkwardly. “Guess that makes two of us. Kinda. I mean… I’m bisexual. Not gay. But in a sense, we’re both gay. ‘Cause, you know, we both...” John was interrupted by an eruption of deep chuckles emitting from Sherlock.
“You owe us, hey John. But sleep well, mate.” spoke Michael, giving him a friendly slap on the calf as he walked off.
“And...” Sherlock took a deep breath. “I’m gay. If that makes whatever you were about to say any easier.”
“It was the sister.” Sherlock spoke finally, and Mycroft whipped his head around to stare at his younger brother. “The police are investigating who pushed Peter Gibbons onto the train tracks. It was his sister.” Sherlock’s face twisted into a grim smile. Mycroft scrutinised him for a short moment before turning away, swinging his umbrella back and forth as his footsteps became quieter and quieter. Sherlock was alone.
“I don’t really know, but it sounds kind of similar to the text we read of John’s. The one where he ‘deduced’ that John went to the army to prove himself, or whatever.” Max replied.
Merlin, John couldn’t take this anymore. People walking all over him because they assumed he wouldn’t fight back.
. At fourteen he was smoking joints and at eighteen he was injecting himself with a seven percent cocaine solution, simply to escape the dull routine of existence. Cold cases found on the internet were repetitive, and when Sherlock had attempted to contact the police regarding current cases, they simply turned him down. Nobody wanted to listen to a school boy’s opinion on murder, no matter how plausible his deductions were.
Mike pushed open the door and John followed in tow, oblivious that this very meeting would put things in completely different perspective.
Seven flights of stairs later, John felt as though he was about to collapse, but Sherlock still appeared as excitable as ever. “You can get a drink in a second, just
Sherlock frowned. He didn’t pay £8 for the movie to be ruined by someone’s incessant laughter. He tried to pay attention to what was on the screen. It was some nonsense about an undercover cop, and, Sherlock concluded, was very unrealistic.
“We’ve all been there, don’t worry about it. Truthfully speaking, do you think William thinks the same of your relationship as you do?” Nev questioned.
Max shifted in his chair, the camera bouncing with him. It focused again after several seconds, aiming at the computer screen before them. “Off we go.”
Perhaps the only downfall to this area was the fact that it was adjacent to Snape’s own quarters, a concept that left John slightly uncomfortable.
After what he now labelled, ‘The Meeting’, John spent the remainder of the day wondering when, and if, he’d be able to speak to Sherlock again. Apparently, it was to be sooner than anticipated.
“You know,” Sherlock began hesitantly. “You’re the first person here, other than the staff, of course, to actually hold a civilised conversation with me.”
, Sherlock. That doesn’t mean I can’t date casually on the side. I don’t understand why you’re so bothered with what
“No, Mycroft thinks they’re brutish and since I never showed an interest in Quidditch my parents never bought me one.”
“Enough!” exclaimed Sprout, slamming her hands on the desk and standing up to loom over them. “Rogers, that is quite enough of that
Eventually, their arrival did in fact come, and John watched with the rest of the Hogwarts cohort in awe as a large carriage appeared from the stars, followed shortly by the shocking emergence of an underwater ship. The students cheered in amazement, and John’s smile was so wide he thought his cheeks might have burst. Eyes bright and morale even brighter, cheers filled the air. It was all quite overwhelming, really. Nothing this important had happened at Hogwarts since John’s arrival, and part of him wished he could play a larger part in it all. After their entrance ceremony, it was announced that the champions’ names would be called at the Halloween Feast the following day, and everyone rushed off to their common rooms with no intention of sleep in their minds.
The camera jostled noisily before coming to a focus on Nev's face. He sat propped behind a computer screen, smiling widely into the camera's lens.
"Any of you lads gonna enter the Triwizard Tournament, then?" asked James excitedly, giving John an enthusiastic nudge.
A silence overcame them for a few moments at that, as though Sherlock needed a minute to collect himself. John busied himself by tidying the papers which Sally had so unkindly pushed from the bench.
Nev shook his head. “No, no, it’s fine. Good to have something different for a change. It’s great to meet you, John. I’m Nev, and this here with the cam is Max.”
Nev placed a comforting hand on John’s shoulder. “I’ve been down this path and I know it sucks, but you just have to push through. It’s better to know the truth now than to find out in two/three years’ time. Does William not have any social media or a blog or anything that could help us figure out who he is?”
“I’m sorry…” John murmured awkwardly, gesturing half-heartedly behind him. “For all this. I was just—”
Before them was a sizeable room with an appearance similar to that of his common room. A few armchairs were placed facing each other on one side of the room, a large fireplace accompanying the area. Behind these chairs stood a large bookshelf filled to the brim with reading resources and John could practically feel Sherlock’s brain beside him whirring with anticipation. Finally, to the left of the room sat a large sofa, a round coffee table positioned before it stacked with a kettle and an assortment of tea. This area of the room was illuminated by a large antique lamp, and John felt himself stumbling at the sight of it all.
But John couldn’t criticise him. To do so would be hypocritical. Because hadn’t he been fearing the same things for years – every time the thought of pursuing a potential relationship with Sherlock invaded his mind?
John did as asked, feeling quite stupid with the sleeves reaching past his fingers. Sherlock stared at John for a brief moment, something akin to affection swimming in his eyes. “Here,” he mumbled quietly, moving closer to John so that he could flip the collar up.
Sherlock’s mouth dropped open a bit, morphing into a grin. “Wow, John Watson really is a troublemaker. Who knew?”
The ‘high-functioning sociopath’. The heartless detective. Mr. ‘I’ve got no friends’, let alone a soulmate.”
With that, he was off, striding back towards the castle at a quick pace. John took a moment to process what had just occurred. Sherlock had just given him his coat. To keep him warm.
Sherlock rubbed a hand over his face, concealing a chuckle. “Why John, your deduction skills are getting better by the day.”
. Leaning forward, John felt himself about to slip from the chair, and hurriedly moved to stabilise himself using Sherlock’s knee.
John shrugged with understanding and the two of them matched pace, Sherlock shoving his hands in the deep pockets of his coat. It was silent, mostly, but John felt calmed by the other boy’s presence at his side. Reaching the Black Lake, Sherlock paused, eyes staring into its expansive depths. John looked up at him curiously, lips parting in wonder at the way the moonlight reflected against his pale skin.
John appeared confused for a few seconds before his mouth twisted in understanding. He barked out a laugh. "God, no, wait, that came out wrong. Nothing like that. Sometimes I just send photos if I’m on a walk, or at work. Things like that." Red had flooded John’s face and he ran a hand through his hair nervously.
John never really understood why he’d asked. Perhaps it was out of boredom, or perhaps it was a final glint of hope. Nonetheless, within ten minutes he was walking with Mike Stamford (and that dreaded cane) back to Barts, which he hadn’t visited since before Afghanistan. The smug grin on Mike’s face did little to appease his doubts, and he vaguely wondered who the person was to provoke such an expression.
“Oh, no. That stuff’s all rubbish. Doesn’t mean I can’t appreciate the beauty of it, though.” With that, his head turned to face John, lips tilting in mirth.
The rest had been a blur. His comment had been an innocent one. No one really knew what gender their soulmate was until they met them. But his father hadn’t been happy. Had yelled at John until his ears bled and had shook him until they rang.
John’s hand had started to shake and he hurriedly placed his teacup on the desk before a mess was made. He clenched and unclenched his fist desperately by his side and breathed deeply through his nose. “He, um… Well, he’s obviously a detective, like I said, but he doesn’t work for anyone. He
In lieu of Nev’s silence, Max took the liberty of taking control of the conversation. “And… in terms of romance? How have things progressed?”
And then the man was laughing again. At him. At Sherlock, bundled awkwardly on the floor in a desperate attempt to clean his mess of popcorn.
Not in the metaphorical sense, either. His cheek stung, and based on the way Sherlock was watching him, John knew he
Sherlock looked genuinely surprised by that remark. His eyes shone with something raw and joyous. “You really think so?”
The two exchanged a glance, excitement swimming in their eyes. Max zoomed in on one of the posts, Nev reading it aloud.
Because what did soulmates really give? Companionship? Fulfilment? Love? Sherlock didn’t care for any of them. They were superfluous. A distraction. A pain in the neck. Sherlock was tired of feeling unexplainable bouts of pain when he was least expecting it. His Mummy had told him it was
Max and Nev waited patiently behind him, the former holding a camera in steady hands. A few more moments passed before John finally found the courage to knock. Three firm knocks followed by an eerie silence. John wanted to faint. He was horribly aware of the sound of footsteps on the other side of the door, and held his breath. The door opened and John started.
As soon as the students began filing in for Potions that morning, Sherlock was immediately victim to an onslaught of verbal abuse.
Years passed, and when John reached university, he began to wonder how much longer it would be before he met them. A few of his high school friends had found their soulmates during those horrid years, and while John wasn’t particularly
John wasn’t quite sure about that. So far, the boy seemed more than adept at Potions, and made them with an almost Snape-like efficiency. What was even more inspiring, perhaps, was the multiple compliments John had heard Snape address Sherlock with. Not even the Slytherins were subject to such acclaim. Even if Sherlock couldn’t do magic, he clearly made up for it with his skill in other areas, and for that, he retained John’s respect.
John didn’t know what he had been expecting. An alcoholic with greasy hair and bad breath? A college student with an addiction to computer games? Instead, he was met with Sherlock Holmes. A man dressed to the nines in a bespoke suit, with perfectly styled hair and eyes which penetrated with just a glance.
And that’s where he had run into Mike Stamford. A close acquaintance – not quite a friend – of John’s during medical school. Sooner or later, quite reluctantly on John’s behalf, they had found themselves talking about living circumstances. Mike had suggested a flatmate. John nearly laughed aloud.
“We’re just going to discuss your detention, John. Nothing personal. Unless there’s something you’d like to add now?”
Lifting his eyes from the screen, John’s gaze narrowed slightly at the expression on Nev’s face. He breathed deeply through his nose. “There’s something you aren’t telling me. Something bad, am I right?”
“As many of you might have already noticed – though sometimes I do doubt your dismal observation skills – we have a new apprentice who will be accompanying us for the school year’s remainder.” Snape drawled, eyes flickering to the young man by his side.
He blinked, taking a moment to realise just how provocative a position it was, and awkwardly lifted his hand with a small shrug. “I don’t mind.” he found himself saying.
John stood from his chair, left hand clenching and unclenching erratically by his side. “You know what, never mind. I don’t even know why I’m listening to you – of all people.”
Overwhelmed by a sudden sense of courage, John straightened in his chair, a solemn expression overcoming his features.
“It’s hard to tell. Often our conversations are work-related – they don’t really reach a personal level – but he makes me feel important. Like he actually cares about what I say. And if you knew how mundane a person I actually was, and how self-centred William is, that’s a high compliment. Makes me think that, yeah, there is something mutual between us.”
John grinned wistfully, Sherlock’s breath ghosting over his lips. “Well you are. Very handsome. And I’d very much like to kiss you now. I think.”
John was standing now too. His expression and posture were overcome with hesitance and his gaze flickered over Sherlock’s nervously. Moments passed and John took a cautious step forward. And then another. And another. And then he was standing before Sherlock, mere centimetres separating them.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Of course not, John. It’s to keep you warm, obviously. Now come on, before I catch hypothermia.”
The truth was, Sherlock relied on John. Cared for him more than he’d ever cared for anyone. It was difficult to convey his emotions – to verbalise exactly how he felt – but in simple terms: Sherlock needed John.
Sherlock tried to quell his hopes and view John as just another, plain individual. It came with much difficulty. Out of genuine curiosity, and perhaps an unconscious effort to impress John, Sherlock spoke against his own will. Like usual, his thoughts were racing faster than his mouth.
A few, rare times John had found himself eyeing the sig in the desk drawer of his small room. He never let himself do much else, afraid of the consequences. He knew what it was like to believe that your soulmate was dead. Beside his current conflict, it had been the darkest time of John’s life. So he merely looked, wondering what it would be like to hold the gun between his hands and press the cool metal against his temple and –
“It was by accident, really. I was up here pacing because I’d spilled some really valuable ingredients of Professor Snape’s and well… I just kept wishing that I could find some more somewhere. The door appeared out of the blue, and when I looked inside, well… It was a giant Potions lab filled to the brim with ingredients. Apparently, it gives you whatever you wish for.”
Xavier was standing now, as though he was eager to expose John’s ‘corruptness.’ “Because he’s been off every night with that apprentice! Coming in after curfew, wearing
It was subtle, but from that fateful day, John began to notice Sherlock dropping him helpful hints and tips during Potions class. The assistance was barely noticeable, really. A few times he had handed John the exact ingredients needed without a word, allowing an extra five valuable minutes on the potion itself. He’d corrected John’s stirring direction with a flick of the head on two occasions, and once, he’d even whispered that John would have much better results if he opted to squash his ingredients as opposed to slicing them. They were small, but the tips were undoubtedly helpful and both Mike and he had noticed a considerable difference regarding their potion outcome.
Of course Sherlock had known it was him. John hadn’t expected anything less. And when the two of them walked off to Sherlock’s favourite Chinese place half an hour later, John was happy. He cracked another smile and quietly thanked Sherlock. If Sherlock knew why, he never said anything.
And with that thought, their lips were meeting once again, awkwardly and clumsily and John wouldn’t have it any other way. Because he was kissing Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock checked the time again with a huff. John had been gone for hours. Surely he was returning. Even if it was for ten minutes to collect his belongings, Sherlock had to see him again. Even if it was to say one last thing. Or to simply see John's face one last time. Smiling, preferably. Sherlock was well aware that he was expecting the worse. He had always been dramatic, and that much wasn't going to change anytime soon. But it was truly difficult to maintain any flicker of hope. Not when John had reacted the way he had.
“Oh, here we go,” commented Nev excitedly, eyes locked on the phone. “It’s not exactly what I’d call flirting but John’s right, there’s definitely something here.” The exchange of texts appears on the camera’s screen.
Sherlock can’t comprehend her heteronormative ignorance. Apparently, neither can John. He rolls his eyes.
John's head whipped around, and could see that Sherlock was, like usual, quite right. A smile so wide it bordered disturbing donned Nev’s face, Max had never appeared so invested, and even those behind them seemed to be bursting with comments to make.
John gaped and he finally let go of Sherlock’s hand. “Me?” he mouthed. A humour sparked behind his eyes.
“Maybe,” Nev spoke, “There are a few names in these comments we might be able to contact, too. They seem to know this Sherlock guy. Look here. Someone named G. Lestrade writes,
Max hummed, nodding softly. “I suppose, yeah. Get your laptop out, let’s see if we can get anything on this guy.”
“Sherlock.” whispered John. He gently ran his thumb over Sherlock’s hand to gain his attention and smiled softly as their eyes met. “It’s fine. It’s
, John Watson, the bravest and kindest and wisest human being that I have ever had the good fortune of knowing, was bound to me?”
“C’mon, then. Let’s get you back inside.” John looked over to see that Sherlock was already standing up and shimmying his coat off. He held it out in offering. “Here, take this. I wonder what time it is.”
He was vaguely aware of Michael chatting eagerly beside him, his recent crush being a Hufflepuff from third year.
John buried his fingers into Sherlock’s curls, tugging gently so that he could kiss Sherlock’s lips once more. He wasn’t quite certain when his tie had been removed or when Sherlock’s shirt had been completely unbuttoned, but didn’t really care to ponder, simply savouring the view of Sherlock’s bare chest. It was porcelain white, as though it had never seen the sun, and John marvelled at its sheer perfection.
By the time tomorrow had arrived, John had forgotten all about the supposed apprentice until he walked into Potions class that morning. He saw him immediately. Tall, lanky, curly dark hair. In a way, his posture and dissecting stare almost reminded John of Snape, and he considered the possibility of them being related. But no. Snape having a family was a preposterous thought in itself, let alone being related to someone so oddly attractive. Embarrassed, John diverted his gaze and hurried to his desk, saving a seat for Mike Stamford – a short and stubby Ravenclaw who John had taking a liking to from their very first week at Hogwarts. It also helped that he was interested in a similar career path to John. He needed good grades for his OWLs that year to become a healer, and unfortunately for John, Potions was one of his prerequisites. Now Mike Stamford wasn't a Potions prodigy by any means, but he could at least mix together the required ingredients correctly without it ending in a hazardous disaster.
Nev exchanged a nervous glance with Max before reaching to get his laptop. “Yes, actually. It took us a while at first, but we eventually found a huge chunk of information.”
Sherlock’s eyes drifted to the cane, and then to John’s leg, and then to his shoulder. John could see his brain working quickly, attempting to deduce everything he saw. John bit his lip, an effort to subdue a forming grin. Sherlock looked at him with wide, sparkling eyes.
Sherlock smiled grimly. “Oh, John.” He sighed. “I’m the most unpleasant, rude, ignorant and all around obnoxious asshole that anyone could possibly have the misfortune to meet. How could it be that
Sherlock seemed to be more relaxed now. He sank further into his seat. “I hadn’t realised you wanted to hear my voice so badly. I didn’t assume it would make a difference.”
. It was something he had been craving his whole life, and now here it was, wrapped up neatly in the manifestation of one man. His deductions were phenomenal. He solved a crime the police had been brooding over for months in a few hours. And best of all? He cured John’s psychosomatic after knowing him for only one day.
John shrugged and set his gaze steadfastly across the room. “Maybe I want someone to chat to, maybe I find you interesting and uncomplicated. But who knows, sorry I… pressed the issue.”
“No, no,” John was quick to dispel the rapidly forming doubts in Sherlock’s mind. “I don’t care, I don’t
“Because…” John licks his lips and straightens up to face Sherlock, crosslegged now too and close still. His back and hips will hurt like a bitch tomorrow given the odd position he’s seated in, but he doesn’t give much of a toss at present. He fixes Sherlock with a clean and open gaze. “Any longer could be too late and I…don’t want to miss this. Miss you.”
“Are you intending to repeat what I say all evening? Because it’s becoming rather tedious. A bomb, John, that you put in the water. It fizzes, or something.”
“Boyfriend, then?” It’s going out on a limb, it’s fishing and he knows it, but there’s no taking it back now. He’s fishing because he’s interested–who wouldn’t be interested in someone who looks and sounds like
“Come, then,” John pulled off to mention, almost casually, and then allowed the head of Sherlock’s cock to rest in the cup of his tongue as he jerked him exquisitely. Sherlock managed to peek an eye open and took in John, mouth quirked in a half-smile, slipping his hands over Sherlock’s skin, trying to make him come.
“Yeah, yep,” Greg rolled to the side and coming to his knees he pressed into the end table. The silence in the room was filled with Greg’s increasingly exasperated voice attempting to communicate to the authorities exactly what they needed and why.
“Dear God, Detective Inspector, it’s a simple matter of looking at the photograph. There!” Sherlock stabs the photograph again and then sends it spinning across Lestrade’s desk.
John was sure to get Sherlock’s number before they parted ways, making it seem like the easiest thing in the world. What was more, is that he did it so unobtrusively that Sherlock couldn’t tell if he wanted it for general purposes or if he wanted it because he was
“Doctor John Watson,” Sherlock begins, his gaze remaining on John before he turns and addresses Lestrade. “Here to assist me in looking at the pertinent files.”
John wonders what makes them “bombs,” specifically. They smell lovely, and he hasn’t had a bath in two weeks. He doesn’t bother asking Sherlock whether he needs the toilet, as he’s sure Sherlock will deduce what he’s up to as he climbs the steps to his room. Moments later he returns with his fluffiest towel, a novel about the Cold War, and a glass full of cold water.
“I call you when I’ve something on I can’t deal with,” Lestrade replies immediately and then gives Sherlock a once-over, gestures towards him with a jerk of his chin. “What’s up with you?”
John’s face tilted up and their gazes locked, Sherlock’s expectant, John’s void of all emotion. Sherlock felt a curl of doubt unfurl in his stomach but he didn’t let it reach his eyes; he laid before John and waited.
John was responsive to a point that it sounded like he was in pain; his wails came, loud and unbidden and Sherlock had to press an arm across his lower back and keep him from bucking into his face too forcefully. It was a wholly beautiful sight.
Stowing his bag easily, he snatched up two of the blankets that were folded on the seats and draped them over his lap, settling into the far seat and buckling in. It would be some time before take off with the various athletes securing their equipment properly. The interior of the airplane was live with a cacophony of chatter and Sherlock felt his ire notch up a bit at the commotion; he’d been through this before, many times, but each trip it seemed to grate on his patience more.
really, Christ, is dead. And he was skiing for Japan, it just seems… it could be nothing, just a coincidence but, it struck me as strange.”
“Don’t go with the Rossignols; stick to what you know. You don’t want another factor playing into this; keep it consistent. And you know, whatever you’re doing differently, keep it up. I’ve seen you focused before but this is… something else.”
“A fling? A… one off? Would you have stayed? Those years? Would I have? I’m glad, for what we are. I’m… a bit lost and sad about… missing this. All of that time. I…”
“Yeah, when are you taking off? That is, after your race I assume you’ll have to stick around for a little while.”
Apparently Sherlock’s expression wasn’t schooled to the cool mask he’d thought because Moriarty looked into his eyes and broke into delighted giggles. “Oh you poor man, have it bad for this little fellow,” and then Moriarty touched John, ruffled his hair even as John tried to torque away and Sherlock could no long tether the rage that was coiled at the base of his spine.
Sherlock almost smiles; he’s taking this John’s advice to help in a situation with another John. God, the whole of society really was so boring with it’s conventionally, bland names. Then again, perhaps John5NF had chosen that username because it afforded him even more anonymity. Just another John amongst a sea of Johns. Sherlock hopes-for some reason he cannot discern-that John5NF is that clever.
Before he knows it he’s rushing to keep up with this insane arsehole of a man, following him into the back of a cab and just like that, they’re off to Brixton.
John’s right arm went around her side and his palm rested on the table. Sherlock smirked at him and reached across, squeezing it quickly, a tiny show of affection. “Happy, happy, happy,” Sherlock said.
Once he reached the threshold to his room, he drew to a stop, watching in silence as John shed his pants and placed them neatly on top of his other folded clothes on top of a chair. Sherlock’s heart lurched painfully as John turned slightly, fidgeted with his hands, took a step towards the bed and then away, as though trying to figure out what he should do with himself.
They watched as Molly did an exaggerated shimmy and hooked two fingers into Greg’s trousers. She went up on tiptoe, whispered something in his ear and he doubled over in laughter. He lifted his head and waved at them, “Get the fuck over here!”
knows—and having her pencil it into his file in her neat penmanship. It’s inexplicable, but he has a fear that once it’s written down, it’s easier to lose control of it. If it’s on paper, it can be handed off, copied, disseminated.
And for what must be the thousandth time since Sherlock began talking with John5NF, he releases a breath he hadn’t realized he’d been holding. Overlooking the obvious cliche, Sherlock enters his response.
“Right then, what’s the crisis?” Lestrade was still smiling, oblivious to the dire nature of the situation.
Tongue at the side of his mouth, peeking out, as John seats himself, fully, sheathed entirely. “God,” John mirrors and still, gasping. “Slow, yeah?”
“Right well, I’ll be there. I mean, I’ll be on hand to- if anyone needs attention… you know what I-”
They travel down the three floors to the sub basement, where the morgue is located, and while it is still familiar to him, it too has benefited from upgrades. He recalls this area being dingy and a tad bit spooky, but the renovations have really done the place well, brightened it up a bit.
“Maybe not,” John’s right fist clenches and unclenches on his thigh. “But he’s a good man. And he listens to me. And he’s not… not a fucking dick. He’s got your intelligence but he’s
At that moment, John rounds the corner out of the office, head bent towards a file in hand. When he looks up, his face is unreadable. There was something like surprise in his gaze right before he masked it with stoicism. He twists his lips into a frown and manages a bland, “Oh.”
John gives him a nod, as though telling him to go on, and so he does. He holds nothing back, detailing the ins and outs of the case. It had barely ranked a six for him, but the way John pays attention, interjects “Amazing!” and “Fantastic!” as Sherlock tells his tale.
Superb athletes all, the sea of people vibrated with excited tension as they waited to board the flight that would take them to Sochi where they would compete in the name of Queen and country.
“He’s nearly ten years my junior; I wouldn’t even begin to know how to respond to that!” Sherlock huffs and kicks his feet up on the chair opposite.
For Sherlock’s insistence that food isn’t something that his body requires, John is aware that Sherlock actually loves fine food, so it’s not surprising when he tucks into his lamb without a word. John only picks at his salmon, too preoccupied with keeping his focus on Sherlock, the way his fingers hold his fork, the way he chews, dabs at his mouth with his napkin. He moves with the same mechanical precision as usual, but John watches for differences. Because everything is different now, isn’t it?
He’s ruminating on that matter when he remembers that he never responded to John’s earlier email. In his haste to pull his mobile from his pocket, he bungles it and sends the device skittering across the sitting room floor. Once he retrieves it, he immediately unlocks it, and pulls up the email to reply.
He feels himself shrugging before he speaks. This isn’t normal; he’s not normal. No normal person would cede to allowing their flatmate to fill their only bathtub with God-knows-what. But, like Sherlock often says, normal is rather boring.
Sherlock runs and runs, finds himself halfway down the Thames with the dog jogging along at his side before he turns around and heads back. He’s been irresponsible as of late with Redbeard; he makes a mental note to have a dog walker more readily available.
“And then I’ll definitely have to call you my boyfriend,” John said, voice stronger, more sure, and grinned.
“You’re not sleeping well, knowing that and knowing that you’ve kept that phone, took a job in the morgue when you’re clearly more qualified…you must not enjoy the place you’re living. I could go on, but.” Sherlock sigh and looks down into his wine glass, finds that he’s nervous for John’s reaction.
He tosses back the blankets and tugs on a pair of jeans, Redbeard yawning when he appears at his side. “Come on, it’s terrible out, don’t dawdle.” And with that they take to Regent’s Park for a short walk, during which Sherlock manages to wake up.
Sherlock shook his head in the crook of John’s neck. “Whatever you’re about to say, don’t. Just… come away with me for a week.”
John is already seated when Sherlock arrives, making it impossible for him to explain about Angelo. He stands out on the pavement, just on the curb, and watches John fiddle with the complimentary breadsticks; he puts one on his plate, brings his hands to his lip and then brings his hands back to the breadstick and breaks it in half.
With a deep, heaving breath, he stops thinking and simply acts, steps over the threshold of the park and starts up a path, aimless but determined. There are tourists everywhere, holding hands, sitting on benches, enjoying the day. Children squeal and run between the legs of adults. Lovers kiss beneath trees, raindrops dappling their heads as the branches quiver in the breeze.
Sherlock manages to pull himself off of the door (he hears Mrs. Hudson coming and doesn’t want to explain why he’s tearing himself to pieces in the entryway) and dashes up the steps to the flat. Redbeard greets him expectantly, tail wagging, as though to ask how it all went, and he gives the dog a withering look and collapses onto the sofa.
“John,” Sherlock breathed, desperate, soppy words tearing up his throat, threatening to give it all away before he could even think about an actual solution. “I--”
His lips curl, and he feels himself smiling at the consideration that gives Sherlock’s trepidation away. “I’ll be fine.”
On rubbery limbs they managed to unruck the last of the bedclothes and slip beneath them, both avoiding the rather sizeable wet spot. They each pressed themselves into a pillow, facing one another, just staring, revelling, basking in the ensuing rush of endorphins.
His voice was rough and raw; there was no veiling his irritation. “It’s five in the bloody morning Mycroft, what in the world could you
“Electrician in the morning, right, yes.” John reluctantly allows his hands to fall away, allows Sherlock to shift back and then stand up. For a moment, John feels bereft and awkward, wonders if they’re missing something, if there’s something more they should do, another way to acknowledge the heavy, miasma of emotions between the two of them.
“You know—” John waits while two new pints are placed before them, giving the bartender a smile in thanks before turn his attention wholly back to Sherlock. He turns his body, too, knees just centimeters away from Sherlock’s thigh. “You know everything. About me.”
He thinks for a time on John5NF and then his thoughts seamlessly transition to thoughts of John Watson. And how completely
“I’m down off that corridor,” Mike points and then swipes his hospital badge and holds open the swinging door for John to step through. “And this, as you well know, is the morgue.” Looking around, John catches sight of a petite woman behind the glass partition where he assumes the office is. “That’s Molly. She’s a peach, very lovely woman, smart as a whip and-”
The ribs got taped, the foot was wrapped tightly in a bandage and all the while, as the doctors poked and prodded him, Sherlock wondered where John was and how he was doing. Greg had left Sherlock to see about John and then hadn’t returned, which could’ve meant any number of things, but his mind was too exhausted to supply him with any full, fleshed-out situations.
John smiles easier now, especially when Sherlock tries to pull one over on him. They know one another too well for that. And besides, John really does let him get away with enough already. It’s not going to work with him this time. “I might be willing to accept that reasoning had our tub not been occupied by biohazardous waste just yesterday morning.”
Sherlock was silent as he finished off the rest of his protein shake, staring out the window of the car as it made its way up the mountain. His mind was on the race, on John, on the sudden realization that after this event he would no longer be a skier--not by occupation--and countless other things that buzzed through his head. He was having difficulty focusing on one single thing, which was troubling to him.
And there too, resting on a bench far from the excitement, was John Watson, face mostly obstructed by the hood of a large, army green parka. He was clapping gently, but their eyes met across the distance and John winked at him, then shooting him two thumbs up. Sherlock sighed and then grinned, unsure whether to be upset that John had put himself through what was surely agony to get down here, or to be thrilled.
After mulling the thought over for a bit, he decides he can’t justify the expense. A shameful, oily feeling roils about in his stomach; it's ten pounds, and he can't justify sparing it. It's more than pathetic.
But no, he’s in too deep now, showing John juxtaposing sides of himself through two different personas. And maybe, Sherlock begrudgingly realizes, this may have been the only way these interactions between them could have possibly played out. People generally do not take to him, and it had been so much easier to be open, be honest–
“That’s a good way to put it,” Gus agrees, as Adam steps up to them and holds a phone in Gus’s face.
“Please, you’re so haughty and rude and… and… superior, you’ve ranked your cases.” His voice doesn’t waver–
John adjusts his stance, rolls his shoulders. “Do you have special, taxi-divination powers?” he asks, even as he climbs in behind Sherlock. In front of him, Sherlock smirks, unseen.
He awoke early and had a languid stretch, feeling each and every one of his muscles sing with the effort of it. Morning sunlight dappled the floor and bed, and from his position against the pillows Sherlock could see the sky, azure and beckoning. He felt his tongue give a little thrum and he could nearly taste it: the clear, crisp air of the mountain.
“Speedy’s has a bathroom, or, as I said, you can come in and close the curtain and use our toilet. S’not anything I haven’t seen.” Between the military and his doctoring, he’s seen enough penises for a lifetime—vaginas, too, come to think of it. Besides, he’s not a prude, and he figured that this would come up eventually, what with there being two people and just one bathroom.
The voice on the other end was paced and clear and decidedly mocking. Doing the math quickly, he realized it was rather late in London and could only imagine the level of importance of whatever information Mycroft wanted to relay. “And what a pleasure it is to hear
“Yes, well, it was a mere matter of observation. He found himself in a pattern, and when a pattern becomes discernable to others, well…”
“Can’t stop thinking about him?” she asks, wistfulness in his voice, her inebriation clean in her speech and cheeks.
The cacophony around him faded to white noise after a time and he got through the rest of the book and began surreptitiously sizing people up from behind the veil of his Ray-Bans. He was surrounded by athletes from Great Britain, Brazil, Macedonia, and Hungary; in the immediate surrounding area he found three alcoholics, two people with opiate addictions, one gambler, one overt sadist and seven adulterers. Overcome with boredom, Sherlock wondered if the latter number was high amongst his sample size and then realized that he didn’t much care about that at all. Allowing his head to loll back against the cool stone, he kicked one foot against the cement flooring, feeling the last of his patience begin to thrum tenuously.
With plans to meet John for lunch, Sherlock spent his afternoon pursuing a few avenues of investigation into Moriarty's possible involvement in Hanzu's death. At the gym, he dodged a flurry of media personnel who had spotted him and ducked into the building, his trademark sunglasses obscuring his eyes. Elite level athletes didn’t die while performing their sports, it just didn’t happen, and so it was no surprise that the amount of press waiting at the gym to get soundbites from the athletes was so large.
Once Moriarty and his followers had rounded the corner towards the locker room, Sherlock slipped from his seat and made his way hastily down the corridor in the opposite direction. It wouldn’t do for the press to see him sneaking away, so Sherlock located a service door used by the employees and ducked outside into the mid-morning sunlight.
He’d been silent for some time and he realized that the polite thing to do when one was treated to a meal was to thank the person who’d paid. “I will; next time is most certainly on me.” He was surprised at how level and even his voice sounded when inside he was so damned conflicted. “Thank you very much.”
Sherlock’s eyes narrow in turn and they’re left staring at one another. It’s very nearly a standoff, until Molly puts her hand on her hip, torques her head and
The flicker that had been warm in John’s belly flares to life. “I do now, yeah.” He’s knocked breathless, the fingers not resting against Sherlock’s skin press into the table as he attempts to reign in the rapidly-spreading desire that courses through him. It wouldn’t do to get hard at the table. “Yeah, yeah… I… Jesus, Sherlock.” His mouth moves, and he hears the words, but he feels disconnected and blown to the four corners of the earth. After years of yearning and waiting, the deluge of what’s happening between them right now is a typhoon. “Me too.”
“Prelims for you, tomorrow, yeah?” John asked, tugging at his clothing to right himself; Sherlock had managed to muss him considerably without even sneaking a hand beneath.
“Back at- back at the Village?” Sherlock abhorred repeating himself, and here he was, doing it unconsciously.
John hums, his thumbs hooking just into the waistband of Sherlock’s trousers, against his back. “Doesn’t have to be hard, just has to be acknowledged. I think.”
When the waitress has left them once more, John leans forward, forearms resting on the edge of the table. There’s a long moment of silence, it stretches and shivers. John licks his lips and the hair on the back of Sherlock’s neck pricks and goes rigid in anticipation.
“Well…” Now he feels incredibly ridiculous, and though he doesn’t blush–John Watson does not blush about nudity–he swallows self-consciously.
“Oh,” John said in a gust and slid down and back, his arse completely flush with Sherlock’s thighs. They fell together then in a kiss, John licking in greedily, taking and taking until Sherlock was breathless and dizzy. “Oh god, I think I-”
Sherlock, for his part, decided a shower would be in order as well and after sorting himself and donning comfortable sweats, he unearthed the sample of wax he’d taken from Moriarty’s tackle box. Setting up at the table, he laid out the waxes he used, waxes that were popular amongst other athletes and the various types he’d collected over the years. There was no way to get a definitive breakdown of the substances and compare them, but he could compare texture and viscosity.
John poured himself out a neat finger of vodka and swallowed it in one go, passing the back of his hand over his mouth afterward and leveling Sherlock with a hard stare. “Yeah,” he said eventually, “yeah, well that’s just about alright, isn’t it?”
don’t like to have fun doesn’t mean you’re better than I am, or any of us. And don’t pretend like you didn’t have fun last night, you did, you’re just somehow not…”
“But if he doesn’t know, we can continue to correspond.” He says aloud. Except, John might not want to now that he’s been stood up. Sherlock has done a terrible thing, broken John’s trust, made him feel unwanted.
“Hmm,” Sherlock hummed and leaned back, set his own seat to recline and closed his eyes. He needed to get his mind back in order but he couldn’t seem to get around the simple fact that this team physician thought he was brilliant. How utterly bizarre.
Settling back against the headboard, he steepled his hands in front of his mouth and breathed out a cleansing sigh. His mind whirred, hands unconsciously gesturing as though he were physically moving the ideas around from one place to another. Seven years prior, in Norway, World Cup qualifying. The top downhill racer at the time, Cody Jackson, has suffered a torn ACL on a course that he’d been slated to dominate.
flashed before the screen in Sherlock’s mind and he filed it away as another important fact about John. John’s hands balled into fists at his sides as he stared forward at the doors of the elevator. Sherlock gazed openly at him, puzzling him out until the bell rang for their floor and wordlessly, they exited.
“I’m not ever drinking again.” John mumbled, allowing his body to sink against Sherlock’s behind him.
Sherlock was already attached to his soulmate – he knew it. Somewhere, in the depths of his mind, he was attached to a person who he didn’t even know yet. And the morphine, that glorious temptation, was the only thing that took that attachment away.
"Nice to meet you." John harboured a refreshing London accent, prompting Nev and Max to exchange a pleased glance.
Nev sighed loudly. “But if this is William, why doesn’t he just talk to John under the name Sherlock? What’s the difference?”
began to have any meaning whatsoever. He’d watch with scornful eyes as girls and boys would sit in circles, taking turns slapping their legs to see if any others would share their pain. Sherlock thought they were fools. Harming themselves in search for something that would give them nothing.
A laugh resembling a scoff sounded from the other end. “Piece of advice: stay away from that bloke.”
And then the man was giving him his phone, just as he’d predicted, and Sherlock’s pulse began to rise subconsciously.
John’s breath caught in his throat. Swallowing thickly, John looked away, staring at the stars above. “How old are you, by the way? You don’t look any older than me.”
Thankfully, he made it back to the Hufflepuff common room without incident that night, Sherlock’s coat still wrapped snugly around his shoulders. And if he happened to fall asleep with it still by his side, well… Sherlock didn’t have to know.
John recognised the speaker as Sally Donovan. He had known she was a tough one – she was often confused for a Gryffindor, after all – but hadn’t pinned her as a bully.
“But inappropriate is okay,” John interjects. “I…didn’t mean it like that,” John laughs, hiding his mouth behind his wine glass and cringing.
Sherlock nods his head once more in thanks and spins on his heels, his coat flaring in what John believes is a purposefully showy manner. God, what an entitled, abrasive prick. Between knowing exactly the effect he has on women and using it to his advantage (because it cannot possibly be just Molly who is infatuated with tall, dark, handsome, and mean), and his inability to
Settling his tongue against his upper lip, Sherlock withheld the grin that was battling to make its way onto his face. He bent and scooped up his water bottle and took a long draw, eyes focused on the mirrors on the far end of the long room. He took another swallow, settled the sudden nerves that had cropped up. “You,” he shifted his gaze to meet John’s, “you like me.” It was said rather plainly, and wasn’t a question, but it
John finds that he’s actually excited about the shift in atmosphere now, with Sherlock beside him. They take a right onto Heathborne and before John knows it, they’re pulling up in front of his rather derelict building.
Sherlock isn't certain he’ll sleep, so he doesn't hesitate in brewing a strong cup of tea and reclining on the sofa, handle steepled beneath his chin; the dog settles on the floor beside him, gnawing contentedly on a large notch of bone. Sherlock is only supine for a few short minutes before he’s whirling back into his coat and heading out. It’s two in the morning by the time he returns back at Baker Street, pink suitcase in hand and a feeling of brazen accomplishment expanding in his chest. He could easily ride this high into the morning, stay up the rest of the night until the sun comes up, puzzling the case, but he knows that the dog will stay up with him and doesn't want to tire Redbeard out. Now that he’s getting older and isn't as spry as he used to be, the dog truly needs his rest. So, with a last glossing over of the details, he locks up his mind palace and sets about getting ready for bed.
By the time he got around to strapping on his racing boots, the group of athletes who had been standing around when he had arrived had all gathered outside of the hut behind the gate, watching him. Sherlock spared them a glance and then turned back to the serviceman who was helping him into his skis, checking his boots and the bindings for snow. He was strapped into a relatively new pair, ones that he’d selected specifically for training purposes, not wanting to wear his race skis and risk injury to them.
at it,” came the accusation. “It still doesn’t make sense to me, you were obviously in my rooms. Why you didn’t take the ledger then and there is so far beyond me.”
Sherlock swallows against the strange lump that’s risen to his throat and is immediately sent into a coughing fit from the toothpaste there. Rinsing his mouth quickly, he takes his mobile back to bed and sits atop the mattress, cross-legged.
The cursor flickers at him once more, and before he can wonder if it’s still vogue to troll chat rooms for anonymous companionship, his fingers are taking to the keyboard. In his twenties he’d browsed chat rooms, sometimes just to feel alive vicariously through others’ experiences, other times for genuine companionship. Now, well, he doesn’t really know what he’s doing. But it’s something that he knows at least a bit about, or rather did, some fifteen years ago.
Sherlock’s hand snakes behind his own back and he snatches up a paper cup of coffee and takes a sip. When he’s through, the smile is gone from his face and his eyes are--they’re not cold, but they’re icy with something that looks almost like… hurt.
Carefully, Sherlock rearranged his hand to clutch tightly at John, intertwining their fingers; he leaned over and brushed his lips against John’s knuckles before resting their hands back on the side of John’s cot. His anger slipped away as he felt John squeeze weakly at his hand.
,” Mycroft barked down the line and Sherlock pulled the receiver away from his ear at the offending volume.
Another beat of silence settled and then Lestrade barked out a singular cough of a laugh which devolved into a spiral of giddy laughter that John joined in on. Sherlock’s mouth cracked into a half-smile as Lestrade stood and clapped his palms over his thighs. “Right, dinner, sleep. I think John’s right.”
“Make it more obvious we’re in here!” John whispered roughly, while footsteps and voices filtered through the door.
Sherlock’s lips twist in indecision and he turns to begin flipping through the charting that John has prepared for tomorrow’s work. “He’s… methodical.”
“Hmm,” Moriarty pressed, finally taking a step back from Sherlock. “You ordered rather a lot of food for one person. Or wait, was it-”
Sherlock wakes to another bout of chilly rain, London making its desires for Spring known. He feels glum and exhausted, and just as his mind decides to begin a mental countdown of the time until nine that evening, he rucks the covers up and shuffles down underneath them.
For a long while, they sit and drink their beers in silence.  Sherlock finishes his and then clears his throat, his thumbs trailing up and down his empty glass. “Like the Oxymoron, then?”
John is quiet. Sherlock clears his throat. “I needed someplace to stay, to crash, really. I didn’t have money and. And he had a spare room. A spare room I never used. That was… nine months of my youth. Later youth. Early twenties,” Sherlock corrects, corrects again with a shake of his head. “Editing his research, sleeping in his bed, eating his food, being introduced to his friends. Can you imagine? It was all so stunningly… normal.” He blinks, realigns his legs and sinks further towards the floor.
John chuckles, attempts to cover it with a cough, but fails. “Due diligence,” he says quietly, as Lestrade raises an amused brow.
“Don’t be stupid.” He leaned back on the hightop behind him, elbows resting on the slick wood, and pretended to observe the scene around him; he wasn’t searching for the reappearance of a blond head in the crowd - that would be insane.
“You’re not due in for another three hours due to the morgue inspection, I thought you’d like to come to the Yard with me and review some of the cases of interest to this one.”
He left his detritus on the table and made his way back towards his hotel, enjoying the warmer-than-usual evening air. Considering for a moment whether the conditions would affect the mountains, he looked up to realize he was in front of the Olympic torch, and allowed his gaze to linger on the empty cauldron.
John pursed his lips, glanced at the door and then back at Sherlock. “Right well, I’ll just head on down, won’t be a tick.”
It had all been said in the aftermath of trauma and now that his thoughts had settled and he was in a different mindspace, Sherlock found that he wanted to make certain that they were both absolutely on the same page.
“Shut up, Sherlock,” John muttered and that caused Sherlock to laugh, the motion of doing so causing pain to radiate up his spine. “We would have been fucked if you hadn’t been here, Greg.”
“I don’t… we’ll get to that bit when we come to it.” He leaned over and petted his hand twice through Sherlock’s curls before placing a kiss on his forehead. “Ski well. Have Molly or Phil check over your equipment
Sherlock’s eyes pop open, wide and sparkling. “Now, you’re telling me this,” Sherlock reaches out and tries to grab at John’s hips, pull him closer, but John resists. He smooths his hands over Sherlock’s stomach, his nipples, his shoulders and then takes another moment to look his fill. A small, soft smile appears, the most tender thing John has ever given to Sherlock.
Their shoes crunch over the uneven gravel as they make their way down the lane to the quaint, stone building where their room is located. Sherlock glances back at him only once, expression somehow delighted and a tad bashful all at once. It’s an odd look on him, and one that John’s only seen once or twice before.
He slides his finger against John’s rim one last time, eliciting a breathy sigh and pulls away, using John’s lethargic state to roll them over. Once he has John on his back, he rolls his hips once, their cocks pressing together on John’s stomach, before he pulls away with stunning agility and maneuvers down John’s body.
When John finally pulls away he’s flushed and a little sweaty and beaming from ear to ear. “You are a romantic, you bastard.”
Their breaths slow and even out, and they both find themselves on their backs, propped up by the abundant bedding. John’s hand slides over, and rests once more atop Sherlock’s thigh. They’re sticky and smell exceedingly of sex, but John doesn’t care; he feels as though he’s finally found rest after wandering aimlessly for years. The lethargy that sinks into his bones is so welcome that he finds himself drifting, Sherlock still and warm beside him.
Sherlock shook his head slowly and considered, wondering why he hadn’t immediately shrugged off John’s hands. The hard floor was doing nothing for the state of his back and it wouldn’t do him any good just lingering in the hallway on the verge of falling asleep. John was a doctor, prone to helping out the weak and in need. Sherlock was sure that as a doctor he also likely had some fantastic painkillers in his room, ones that would put his back and knees out of their misery. That was enough to make up Sherlock’s mind and he stood on stiff legs, dipping his head in a show of acceptance.
“Indeed. Just as I know that you’re confident in your abilities and have nothing to worry about,” William says, almost kindly, though the tone leaves much to be desired. “The work day begins at eight on the dot, does it not? You’ve fifteen minutes to make it; better hurry.”
“Just wanted to be plain about it. You’re an international skiing superstar, I’m a washed up doctor, on paper doesn’t seem like a very likely match,” John scoffed, his hands coming up to hold Sherlock around his hips.
Sherlock’s mouth curves up. “We solved it, and it’s Lagavulin.  It’s in the cupboard above the stove.” Sherlock shakes his head, “How do you forget a name like Maximillian Aurenthal Zephyr?”
Shorter, stocky, balding and not very dapper, but with a sharp wit and an easy smile. Sherlock’s mouth twists; this amalgamation of John isn’t attractive. If his John5NF, the
, he hears echoed in his head and John closes his eyes and wills the voice away. He doesn’t want to consider for a moment that the man from the morgue is right, that it’s his own brain working against his body, not allowing him to get better. He doesn’t
“You’re quite welcome to observe my runs on the course whenever you’d like.” His stomach roiled unpleasantly, turning with embarrassment. Now it seemed as though he
John says the last bit with a smile, but the words land, clearly affecting Sherlock. He swallows, looks away, and when their eyes meet again, he looks terribly guilty.
“And you’re…” her eyes move from side to side, sussing out what he’s trying to say. “Worried that you’re shallow if you’re not physically attracted to him?”
