Although Sherlock’s expecting John to pull, he doesn’t, he just tugs very gently, moving down and nipping at Sherlock’s ear. Unexpectedly breaking the sudden spur of passion.
“He’s awake.”
“Good. Because there is another thing,” Mycroft continues.
But he’s done it now.
John still hasn’t noticed, his palm resting gingerly on his thigh. Slowly, Sherlock takes a shallow breath and reaches further, taking care to make his movements slow and delicate, cautious not to startle him. He holds his breath as their fingertips brush over each other. The touch so soft, so light and brief, that it sends tingles running down Sherlock’s spine.
“Coming!”
“No…” Despite himself, John finds that he’s smiling back, a gentle, genuine smile; and just like that it's as if a heaviness is being lifted from his shoulders. A pressure released from his ribcage. He can
Claire sighs. “Well, if you’re sure rehabilitation won’t work, at the end of the day I can only advise you. So, as long as you’re certain I can authorize a new course of medication today and set the process in motion. He will have to be visited frequently by a healthcare professional though, and I think there needs to be a serious plan of action for mental health support too. Some kind of therapy or counselling or-”
Silence.
“But it doesn't mean I don't…” John narrows his eyebrows, looking away as he searches for the right words. “...
“Mikey?” John scoffs.
Sherlock finally confesses how he feels - even if it's not in the most conventional manner.
“No, Sherlock.” John strains and sits up straighter. “Just let me say this. I need to get it out.”
How will he ever explain any of this?
“No, shh, shh.” John dips down and plants a particularly heated kiss on Sherlock’s mouth. “You don’t have to hold on any longer love, you can go, I’m nearly there.”
will again.”
The other boys were stood in a rough semi-circle around John and Sherlock, and in this ridiculous situation John suddenly felt awfully outnumbered.
John grimaces and tugs at the collar of his shirt, his hand shaking. He looks down at his phone once more, at the two texts that have just come through. His vision blurs before him.
He picks his way through the mess on the floor and makes it to the fridge. To his surprise, inside there is butter, and once he’s picked off the tiniest bits of mould from the corners, enough bread for both of them. He pops it in the toaster and clicks the kettle, leaning against the counter as it comes to boil.
The army doctor is red in the face and panting hard, but he has a better torch at least. He doesn’t even stop to look Mycroft in the eye.
Sherlock translates the words quickly. Eyes darting.
Bleeding, I'm bleeding
“No, please-” Sherlock winces as he tries to lift a hand from the sheets. “Please don’t. In fact if you could just, go away that would be great. I don’t want to see anyone, anyone at all. Can you sort of…” He trails off, muttering the words softly under his breath. “Just leave me here to die, would you?.”
“You did a bit.”
Unfamiliar territory.
He sags against the wall and takes several deep breaths, in, out. In, out. He needs to think about this. Try and wipe the panic from his brain.
He has absolutely no idea.
“Difficult.”
The ambulance rattles and bounces as it rushes along the empty streets of South London. The wail of the sirens rings repeatedly in his ears. It’s taking too long. Sherlock’s not got time to lose - and he's got too much time to think. He lets his head fall back against the thin white wall and closes his eyes.
A text from John.
. You don’t want this?”
now that this is not it. Not the news she’s been waiting for. That the worst is yet to come.
The signs indicate clearly where she has to go. She passes room 187, 188, and calculates she needs to take two more left turns and climb up a flight of stairs.
“Took you long enough too.” Sherlock added, quirking an eyebrow in John’s direction.
Sherlock’s nervous eyes bore into his, and the entire room remains silent for a few long moments until someone somewhere starts clapping and just like that the peace is broken as the crowd explode into applause, an overwhelming ovation. People nod and clink their drinks. Whoop and cheer.
talking" Sherlock quipped, before dropping his head back down and wrapping his mouth back around, and the result was as he hoped. All the air left John's lungs in an instant as another wave of electrifying pleasure overtook him.
“Oh?” John’s teeth accidentally sink into his lower lip.
He looks around, past the kitchen and their chairs to the fireplace and the window, listening to the faint hum of central London rush hour beyond. It’s so weird being back here, already slipping into his old routine.
"What was all that about?"
“Jesus…” John’s face crumbles as his gaze falls across the array of jagged red scars and marks that cover Sherlock’s pale back. There are thin pink lines, straight ones from whips. Damaged skin where the wounds haven't quite healed properly, faded but still crimson and sore in places. In fact, some scars are so severe that John is certain they would have needed hospital treatment. He traces his fingers over a particularly prominent purple line. Sherlock flinches beneath him.
felt. This might be the one thing that saves him."
For a second Sherlock looks very tense, naturally defensive, but after a moment his expression changes to one of apathy. Too tired to care about the details, John guesses. Too fed up to care.
John isn’t here.
He’s never seen Sherlock - or anyone for that matter - appear to be in so much pain. His little brother is tossing and turning on his back, shaking violently, a thin layer of sweat covering his skin. The sound of his cries fills the room and his delirious rambles bounce off the walls. It looks like he’s finally lost it.
John’s hand slides up and down Sherlock’s length easily, already slick with precome. After a minute he can sense that Sherlock is already getting close. Struggling to hold out. His back arching up towards John’s body, trying to get more friction by thrusting into his hand. It's so primal. Instinctive.
The phone continues to ring in John’s hand.
the one person he never normally fails to predict. But now?
“Really?”
John closes his eyes. After a moment he nods and takes a deep breath. “Okay. I know that now. I get it. But why didn't you tell me about…
"You can tell
Sherlock and John loose Hamish in B&Q (a DIY store).
The kiss deepens further. Time starts to speed up a bit. The energy rising as a searing and uncontrollable desire begins to take hold. It’s like a switch has flicked. They start to move against each other; pushing, pulling. Sherlock’s hand grips John’s hair and-
“Do I?”
She takes a step away from the road and heads back towards the car park. She’s just weaving through the rain splattered cars and trying to figure out her next move when-
Anxious. Paranoid. Scared. Confused.
and he
All my life
Claire lowers her voice slightly and leans forward. “It does not have to be his decision. If we think it's in the patient's best interest then-”
Sherlock and John take a trip to Paris and end up in a restaurant having a little bit of a chat.
“Oh my god,”
And Sherlock melts then, because how can he have this? This wonderful man, someone who is so caring and loving and perfect in every possible way. It’s impossible to comprehend. How on earth did he get so lucky?
(See the end of the chapter for
I'm still not really sure about this fic at all, but it's easy to write and I can do it quickly so I think I'll continue. I hope the writing standard is slightly up on this chapter since I've had more sleep but you guys can be the judge of that. Now, I would like to say that things will get much more interesting in the new few chapters to come I promise. As I realise at the moment it's all quite dull, sorry. I just have to be realistic with building relationships or it all gets slightly odd for me. Anyway, I'm rambling but I hope you enjoyed reading this and I'll be updating the next chapter soon!
Everything must be clean and ready. Spotless.
They’re at Croydon University Hospital, and he now recognises all the sounds that surround him, all the staff, as if he’s been seated here his whole life. The repetitive ringing of the phone falls dull to his ears. The quiet chatter of the nurses; the whoosh of the trolleys as they wheel past, the beep of the machines; it all fuzzes like background noise. So
wrong.
“No.”
“Course.”
And when they step outside, and Sherlock is asked politely by the photographer to step out of the photo, because,
“Yeah.” John breathed.
“Well...Happy Birthday.” Sherlock tries to smile.
“Sherlock please,” the older man growls. “You can’t go - not yet. I-I need to tell you something. It’s...well…” He wrestles with his words before taking one sharp breath.” I...I think I love you. I always have done. Ever since that evening at Angelo's. Ever since we moved in together. Oh god I love you so much.” He squeezes his eyes shut as Sherlock’s fingers go limp in his hands. “Oh my god please,
The clapping gets even louder.
But it isn’t. It’s only just begun. The service seems to last years, everything changes to slow motion, and when the priest asks if anyone objects, Sherlock can't help but clench his fists. When he asks Mary the question, "Do you take John Watson to be your lawfully wedded husband?" Sherlock can't help but whisper "I do." Silently under his breath just so that he can have a chance to say it, once in his life.
to open my present now?”
“They’re three months old.” Mycroft declares. “They’re going in the bin.”
meets John’s eyes.
Maybe Sherlock grabbed hold of his shoulder with a lump in his throat and tears in his eyes.
He blushes and tosses the clothes in Sherlock’s direction, turning away slightly, his cheeks unexpectedly hot.
But thinking about where I've been
then. For the act is so gentle, so forgiving. So different from anything he's ever experienced. His lips move automatically as instinct takes over, and he pushes back against John's touch. Flicks out his tongue.
He takes several long deep breaths, and wipes away the sweat starting to collect in droplets along his hairline. John is leaning forward and talking to the driver, but Sherlock zones out. He finds his gaze fixed on the car window, on the hundreds of tiny raindrops dotting the glass. He watches them reflect and glitter in the light as the car starts to pull forwards, off into the apricot dawn.
But his call falls on deaf ears, and John doesn’t turn to look back as he walks away.
He stares into Sherlock’s eyes, the younger man's pupils’ dark and wide. Determined. It would be
“Out of where?”
John takes his hand and pulls him over to the bed, softly at first, gentle as always, reaching out to grab the steady handles of Sherlock’s hips until the younger man breaks their fragile kisses and shifts so that he’s straddling John’s lap.
John Watson sits hunched on the park bench beside him, edging further and further away by the minute. He scowls, his fists curled. He pulls his jacket further across his chest. “This is a big deal for me, Sherlock.”
Sherlock didn’t say anything and John held the silence between them. After a surprisingly comfortable pause Sherlock whispered. “You were annoyed at me."
He stood up quickly, shaking as he rose from his chair. “I- Sherlock, I have to- this…” He made a vague gesture to the two of them. “It’s not right.. It just isn't, I ha- I have to go now.”
“Hmm,” John looks pensive. He can see the sweat patches dampening the back of Sherlock’s shirt. The trouser seams straining because of his position. His belt. “It doesn’t look very comfortable.”
"And it's you I have to thank."
The nurse furrows her eyebrows. “Sherlock... Holmes?”
Sherlock threads his hands together in his lap. He hesitates for a moment before looking across to John. “Fine. That might not be so taxing.”
As he staggers closer to the camera it’s clear this is far more serious than Mycroft first expected. A heavy weight drops through him, sinking into his chest. He suddenly finds it very difficult to breathe.
"What else?" Sherlock demanded.
Last night was different. When it was Sherlock’s life on the line,
She moves round to the front of the chair and sits without hesitation. The sound of her own heartbeat thumps thickly in her ears. She can almost feel her expression falling, breaking, the cracks beginning to show. Her façade is deteriorating fast.
Surely this is a joke; some stupid trick set up by a nutcase to get John to confess how he really feels. It’s like he’s actually living in a nightmare, trapped in a horror film he can’t escape from. He needs to wake up, right now. This can’t really be happening.
He tilts his head back and soon his eyelids are collapsing under the weight of a 27 hour day. He must have drifted off at some point because his head is lolling messily against his shoulder when his phone vibrates underneath his fingers. He twitches, not bothering to open his eyes. It would be very easy to just ignore it and go back to sleep but there’s a slim chance it could be Sherlock and-
Jim Moriarty - or the memory of him at least - torturing Sherlock, making him suffer from the inside out. Of
Please don't forget to listen to my playlist for this fic, which you can find
“And I hope it won’t offend you, Doctor Watson.”
“How long have you liked dancing?” John asks, watching as a particular pair, a man and a woman, laugh and start to move around each other, their hands resting casually on each other's hips.
“I’ve been to the Royal London Hospital and Mile End, no sign. No one knew anything. Black curly hair and a short blond, right?”
Butterflies flutter softly in his stomach.
Well, what did you think of that? I'd love to know, good or bad. I hope it made up for the hiatus a bit. Much more comfort is to come.
Merry Christmas!
Time slows to a standstill.
John being angry was meant to be funny but I'm not sure it really came out like that in the end, whoops, but it is all meant to be a happy ending. Thanks for reading.
“You…” Sherlock continues to stammer, his brain backtracking, unusually slow. “You don’t want to keep this a secret?”
After a moment the nurse hesitantly steps aside, and Mycroft feels his fingers wrap around the door handle. He throws John one final anxious look.
“Are you ashamed?”
“Oh, this is ridiculous,” Sherlock mutters before knocking again, much harder this time. He bends down and pokes the letterbox open, faking a loud northern accent.
“I'd just forgotten what it's like to have you worrying about me all the time.”
“Hmm?”
She places the note carefully to one side and gets started on the photos. First, there are ones of London, dated now, showing their age; landmarks and buildings like the Shard are missing.
Sherlock nodded, still bent over the page, running his finger down the contents list until he apparently reached the subsection he wanted.
Or, perhaps Sherlock walked away as soon as he handed John the note because he couldn't face the possibility of the scene going the other way, and he suspected it would.
The detective takes a deep breath.
Sherlock said nothing so without thinking John reached over and placed his palm over Sherlock’s hand on the desk, rubbing the side of it softly with his thumb. And it just felt so natural, so right, that John forgot to be afraid of what he was doing, he forgot to worry about what the consequences may be.
"Right so, thanks everyone. That will be all for today."
‘Us’ and implies both of them, both Sherlock and John together, probably safe.
“Your brother, and your friend.”
. So easy just to give in and let the anger take him over. He only has to think about the drugs, the arrogance, or the fake suicide, and he sees red. Those two years were the longest of his life. Does Sherlock know that? They were worse than any prison sentence, more depressing than any illness. He was a man trapped in his own body, a ghost imprisoned in his own mind. He didn't eat, never slept, nearly... and then he met Mary, and he was happy again, he was, until…
“Jesus.” John straightens up and runs his hands through his hair. He goes to move somewhere - anywhere - but then falters. Who knew he could feel this much guilt? It’s as if there's someone pouring it over him, letting it sink into his skin; staining his insides with ash.
“I...
would we do that?” The boy's voice was strikingly and full of malice this time. More than a match for Sherlock’s quick tongue.
“So those are…” Sherlock looks baffled, his eyebrows narrowed, pupils darting, curls flopping in his eyes. “Happy tears now?”
“Rehabilitation centres.”
John purses his lips.
John groaned internally although he was careful to conceal any sign of disappointment from his face, there was no denying that he found himself instantly missing Sherlock's proximity and the touch on his arm.
The clock stops.
Because there is no turning back from this. No backing down. Once said it becomes official. It becomes real. The consequences will be irreversible. He gulps. This is it
the fact that the two people he loves most are actually seeing him like this - the worst he’s ever been. Regret sinks through his whole body, his chest, like an unfathomable weight that's crushing him into nothing. He just wants to disappear, to vanish. To die right now so that all the pain is over, the suffering, to-
Not exactly ideal considering what he anticipates is going to happen next.
“Yes, or John Watson, or someone called Mycroft?”
“Here Sherlock, wait-” John gently pushes Sherlock's hands away and nudges down his boxers. He takes his own cock into hand and sighs softly, before moving forward and taking Sherlock’s too, holding them together in his hands. There is no problem with friction, they’re both wet with precome. He starts to move.
Sherlock slips away. Mycroft panics. Will John be forced to say what he really feels?
John twitched nervously, he had no plan of action if the boy didn't back down. He coughed and stepped forward, trying to stare the boy down.
"Oh don't give me that! Don't-"
"Really?
will.”
“Such as?”
But she’ll figure it out, of course she will.
They sit in silence for a long time, slouched in their respective chairs as they listen to her leave. There’s the gentle patter of Mary's feet on the stairs, the bang of the door and the murmur of awkward small talk as she collects Rosie from Mrs Hudson. John has to strain to hear, but just as she reaches the front door he thinks he hears her pause, a final moment of acceptance maybe, a goodbye, and then at last, the door bangs shut.
"Don't you
In my heart, in this cold heart
The rest of the session went quickly. John dared a few glances at Sherlock, who each time, looked away. He finished his final words and shut the PowerPoint off, smiling politely as he set everyone on their way. The general cluttered noise of people gathering their things and scraping their chairs briefly filling the room.
“What?” Sherlock feels dizzy. He eyes the bucket beside him on the floor. He’s probably going to be sick again soon.
"What do you wanna know?" Sherlock quirked an eyebrow.
“Oh,” She rushes towards him but then hesitates. Goes to lay her hand on his forehead but then remembers herself. “What is it? Flu? Did you catch something from one of your experiments?”
Still, John cannot believe it, even though it is currently happening to him
“Are you both coming to the hospital?” The man with the blue eyes looks up from where he’s lifting Sherlock into the back of the ambulance.
The split decision she makes is
“God what are we, children?” Sherlock snorts and rolls his eyes before realising no one else is finding him funny. “Yes…” He says finally. “I promise.”
“Mr Holmes…” The nurse looks blank, still annoyed. “As in the detective…?”
The kettle steams. He makes the tea and butters the toast before propping the plate in the crook of his elbow and carrying it through.
Sherlock smiles softly and places his drink down on a dresser behind them. He turns to John and takes his hand. “John...there is something I have been…meaning to tell you…”
“Thank you.” Sherlock whispered. His voice so quiet and hushed that John wasn't entirely sure he didn’t imagine it.
“While I thought you were dead?”
"Please Sherlock."
“Please, no!” Sherlock begs, the words falling from his mouth in a jumbled blur, echoing loudly off the empty concrete walls. “Leave me. Leave me alone!”
“I didn’t know you would be here tonight, Holmes.” He pats Sherlock’s arm. “This way gentlemen.”
She can see them getting closer and closer, their relationship blooming by the photo, their smiles getting brighter. A tear slips out of the corner of her eye.
Mycroft shakes his head.
“Wait behind for a minute will you?” John asked in a soft voice.
“John.”
“Sherlock!” John tried again. “Not the floor!” He laughed, rolling his eyes back as he spoke, but the gesture was out of humour not frustration, knowing always how Sherlock liked to be spontaneous.
“Okay, well, thank you for telling me Molly. I’ll take her. Are you sure you don’t mind dropping her off?” he pauses, embarrassment and stress flicking over his tired features. “Yeah, I’m sorry about Mary, she can be a bit...you know. Yeah don’t worry it’ll be fine. I’ll see you in a bit, bye.”
“Oh yeah,” John laughs, “Because that will be discreet. Even Mrs Hudson isn’t that slow Sherlock.”
“I crashed a motorbike,” She finishes at last, her voice calm, eyes placid as she finally meets her husband’s gaze. “I was stupid.”
“No?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“There are… other options.”
It was a joke. Obviously. But was impossible not to pick up the sarcastic smirk in the man’s tone.
He stands by the desk for a long time and looks at what he’s written - the stark light from the window cutting across his still features. He’s still not sure if he likes it. It all sort of poured out at once. Besides, nothing can ever really convey
Mycroft narrows his eyebrows.
. I have been trying to tell you - I’ve -” Her voice cracks.
“I don’t think it’s ridiculous,” John says.
“No Sherlock, please!”
“So what do you do if you’ve got a cut penis?”
Sherlock takes another shallow breath. He looks up in the hope of catching John’s eye but he still hasn’t moved from the kitchen. He faces away from them, unmoving. Yet the tension in his arms and the slight tilt of his cheek tells Sherlock that he’s listening intently, ready to intervene at any moment.
“Although Lestrade can be very tempting also. And sometimes Molly, although she rarely sees the funny side. And Mycroft, god, did I tell you I once snuck into his apartment and moved all of the furniture just five centimetres out of alignment? I nearly died laughing. He was livid. I taped his reaction and sent it to-”
Focus sharpens on the corner of his face; on pale, blue eyes. Darting with panic. Sholto.
John gets up and disappears back to the kitchen. Sherlock hears the toaster click once more.
“John?” Sherlock asked, his voice filled with unmasked concern.
The sun disappears as quickly as it arrived, vanishing back behind a building, allowing dark shadows to cast themselves across the insides of the cab once more.
His head rings with only one thought.
Dread enters her system like a deadly poison. The adrenaline is now starting to wear off. Every muscle in her body screams with pain. She licks her thumb and wipes some of the blood from her forehead, wincing as she does so.
“That can’t be it.” She mumbles.
“I don’t want to be that person, ok? The person who suddenly loses it and fucks it all up. I am not that person.”
“Wrong.”
At last.
“Wow,” Shock washes briefly over John’s face. “I just can’t believe you’re being like this.”
They’re not particularly well framed, but there is a sort of style to them. They’re so generic that they could belong to anyone, but Rosie knows that it was John who took them. John’s hands on the camera, his fingers curling around the edges. Perhaps they were taken when he first came to live in London, or maybe snapped between cases; travelling on the bus or strolling through a park. She flicks to the next one.
Sherlock hunches his feet to give John more room on the mattress. They both sit in another long, stale silence.
“Yes,” Sherlock is practically begging now, “I will but this is…good. I promise.”
Sherlock shifts underneath him, and the feel of his hard cock against John’s thigh sends sparks flying in all directions through his body. He lets out an unexpected gasp, his hand instinctively fumbling for the buttons on the other man’s trousers, the rim of his boxers.
“That all happened then. I didn’t…hallucinate or imagine…”
John hesitates. “Do you-”
Sherlock listened respectively, pecking small kisses along John’s smooth jawline as he spoke.
His best friend jolts at his approach, groaning loudly before producing a stream of inaudible noises. His eyes flicker open and shut again. His body contracts and then relaxes. Blood leaks from the corner of his mouth. He’s never looked so pale.
“Sorry.” Sherlock finally whispers.
Why is Sherlock referring to him and John in the third person?
“I'm so sorry.” He whispers eventually.
There’s a telling silence, and after a moment John steps forward. He tries for a small smile. Eager to help. Trying to put everything behind them. “It’s fine, Sherlock.” He says lightly. “I don’t mind.”
“Oh.” Sherlock feels a small flutter of warmth inside his chest. “I’ve missed you too, John.” He sighs softly. “I’ve missed you too.”
listening to it. The only other alternative is talking to Mycroft - someone he has absolutely no idea how to start a conversation with.
Once again,  her mind wanders to Rosie, and her vision of the departure board blurs as she loses focus. She misses her already. The feel of her tiny body in her arms. Her hands, her smell. What is this trip? And how long is it going to be? What if she misses something vital? Like Rosie’s first steps. Worst of all, what if she gets herself killed doing something stupid and Rosie never has a mother to remember.
He shrugs on his coat makes his way down the stairs. There’s a cab waiting - ready to whisk him away to the all important day - but he doesn't rush. Instead, he trails his fingertips across the wallpaper and savours every single memory like a film, whispering four words over and over again until they start to feel natural on his lips.
Neither Greg, Molly, Mary or anyone else has made an appearance in the nearly 10 hours they've been here, likely because Mycroft has refused to reveal where they are. He has decided, after some careful consideration, that concealing the details of their situation is best for the time being... considering. He can’t control it forever of course - certainly, Mary will be the first to trace them. But for now, it's best to hold them off. As it stands, a domestic drama in the middle of a public hospital is the last thing anyone needs.
“John,” he tries again.
“You don’t,” Mycroft replies. “Mark isn’t due for another hour.”
Sherlock sighed in defeat. "Shouldn't we hold hands?" He
"No," John huffed. "You just want to show off."
“You can go Molly.” Sherlock rumbles. “Thank you for your concern but really, it’s fine.”
The three of them start to move steadily towards the doors, heading down the long narrow corridor to the exit.
"John... please...oh fuck, I can't..."
“Hm?”
Who knew that one day he would actually be John’s? To hold? To keep?
A moral conscience plucks up from somewhere deep within him. Puts the record straight. He can’t run away. Not now. Deep down he knows he really
, openly because-
“Come on John” Sherlock teased, still nipping. “
They were in Paris, more specifically, Montmartre square, perched outside at a corner table in a quaint cafe; one with outdoor seats and pretty red umbrellas.
Sherlock closes his eyes again, relishing in the pure sensation. Because he doesn't know how long he will have this, this beautiful man, choosing
Her heart lurches. The world slows. She looks down, ignoring the road, and fumbles frantically with the zip of her pocket. How long has it been since she’s heard from him? How long-
"You will." Sherlock replied, the tone of his voice swiftly becoming...rather charming. And before John knew what was happening Sherlock had his arm outstretched towards him.
“Yeah,” Mary has the hold the phone in place with her shoulder as she uses two hands to steer through another set of traffic, cutting along Whitehall. “Look for a black coat and a blue scarf, that’ll be the giveaway.”
He holds his breath as John comes to a halt beside him and scans the walls with his torch. There’s nothing, just tattered remains of mattresses, beer bottles, litter, and then-
“But I’m sorry,” Sherlock adds, eyes shifting. “About that. I
“I’m only going to do this if you’re a hundred percent sure it’s what you want, ok? And you can stop me at any time if it’s too much.”
Down the far end of the hall, the barman is rolling up his sleeves and readying his stock, preparing drinks, cocktails, magnificent concoctions of alcohols and fruits. Ushers in sleek black suits move swiftly past him, polishing every doorknob, shining every surface; wiping it twice and making sure they can see their reflection before moving on.
“I was so worried about you,” She chokes into his hair, her arms moving to wrap firmly around his back. “So worried,” She releases her grip and dives in quickly for a kiss, but John pulls away; his gaze suddenly transfixed on the cut on her forehead, on the dried blood running past her temple.
As he comes to his senses he realises it’s not only the smell of John he notices but the heat of his body. He can feel it beside him. Gentle movement. Regular breathing. The heaving of his chest. It’s hard to believe he’s still there, inches away from Sherlock’s body; that everything that happened last night was
After all that they've been through, there can't be more to discover, can there?
“It’s just not, is it? Yeah, no, actually, can I say something?”
falling, and I don't think I'm ever climbing out."
. He tears another bit of paper out of his notebook and fumbles for the pen.
Perhaps, for once, this is a vow he should keep.
He dropped himself down into the chair next to Sherlock. Towering over him had felt too threatening, and that was something he didn't want to be.
He did that a lot.
John pursed his lips, trying to ignore the sick feeling settling in his stomach. Once again it seemed he was being laughed at.
“Yes,” Sherlock opens his eyes and forces himself to take another shaky step forward. Everything is spinning. “I’ll be fine, there’s only a few more…”
"So what, you know the entire bloody French language now do you?" John failed entirely to hide the amazement in his voice.
Adrenaline hums quietly in her brain as she strides forwards. It’s the thrill of the chase. The blood pumping through her veins. She hasn't been out like this in
“Of course.”
"Don't Henry or I'll tell everyone whose girlfriend you slept with last night." It was Sherlock's voice, low and threatening, echoing across the room at just the right moment of silence.
“How bad was it?” She asks softly. “At the hospital...what did they-”
“I’m alright, a bit wet actually, um, it’s raining outside.” She tries to look past John to the living room. “I gave Rosie to Mrs Hudson if that’s okay, but um, I just wondered if Sherlock is in?”
Her face falls, crushing disappointment and betrayal flitting momentarily in her eyes. “Oh,
He’s not sure why, but Sherlock can’t bring himself to get up to follow.
“What?” Sherlock looked up.
The two of them move back further as the paramedics drop to Sherlock’s side and position him on the stretcher. They’re all talking, communicating. So quickly; their deep voices echoing like rocks sinking to the bottom of a deep pool. Within minutes they’re carrying Sherlock out of the room.
John would miss it, Sherlock kept looking at him. Definitely.
“You!” Sherlock rasps, his voice cracking as he struggles for breath. He twists and shudders on his back. Eyes darting rapidly back and forth behind his fluttering eyelids. “You made me leave. And he found-”
But John keeps hold of him. Mycroft steps forward. They reply in unison.
All the air leaves John's chest, because he's not ready yet, not nearly drunk enough to dance in front of everyone. He stutters helplessly. "Sherlock are you sure? I don't think-"
But he can’t be sure, because although he wants to look up and gauge her reaction, to catalogue every flicker and detail of her face, his eyes won’t move from the floor. Shame takes over his body with the force of a tidal wave, jarring his movements and closing his throat. The feeling is indescribable. It's guilt off the scale. A virus that infects every single cell of his body, pulses in each muscle, rattles in his bones with the magnitude of an earthquake.
John heard the whoosh of paper and then another laugh.
Perhaps John's eyes scanned the paper, his face dropping when he read the 8th line. Maybe the air suddenly felt very thin and he had to lean himself back against the cold corridor wall for support.
How could Mycroft have missed this? How did he let his own brother slip under the radar?
“Really?”
Sherlock shifted so that he had both of his arms wrapped around John’s neck and leant forward again, placing a light kiss on John’s forehead. “Can I open it now then?” He whispered.
“Like what?” John looks cluelessly over his shoulder before realising what Sherlock means. “Me? What? No Sherlock your brother is about to come back upstairs any second.”
Yet at the same time, a part of her, a small part that she ignored all these years,
“Yes sir.”
“You are you know.” John said again.
“...I’ll just wait here and entertain myself. It seems certain he'll pull through now. That’s all that matters.”
Sherlock looked away, and John wondered if perhaps he was hiding a small blush.
Mycroft jolts forwards. “No! Sherlock!”
Mycroft slumps backwards in the hospital chair, his eyes falling over the poster opposite him for what must be the 100th time.
John overhears something he'd rather not...
“Sherlock.” John’s voice interrupts his actions, low and dangerous. Filled with quiet agony. Pain. “What is that?”
“So um…how are you feeling?” John says.
“Are you in pain?”
“Well, maybe one or two.” John smiles.
"No John...everything is fine. Honestly." He moved closer and did his best impression of innocent puppy eyes, which he knew from past experience were quite effective and nearly always worked on John.
She slides her phone into her pocket and dashes forwards, away from the crowd of people shouting and calling after her. She runs as fast as she can, limping slightly, and decides to head towards Covent Garden. It’s somewhere condense. Somewhere she can lose herself in the crowds. Talking encircles her as she dips into the market and slows to a walk, trying to cover her bleeding head as she goes, passing the various shops and stalls, the places selling food.
There was a pause, before Sherlock sighed, the kind of expectant sigh that really said,
He doesn’t normally sweat this much.
“You two. You’re so in love it's ridiculous." Mary mutters. "I don’t know how I didn’t see it sooner - didn’t guess.”
They step out onto the road and cross the street, making their way towards the grand double entrance. Already, people are smiling at them softly, guessing they’re a couple, and no sooner have they stepped through the door when a butler rushes to greet them. He shakes Sherlock’s hand warmly and offers to take their coats, beaming.
“Like I said,” The detective whispers slowly. “Not a holiday.”
“No, no it’s… fine.” Sherlock blinks rapidly, scared by his own reaction to such an innocent gesture. He bites his lip and tries to compose himself, gripping the edges of the chair harder and breathing heavily. “You didn’t spook me. I just don’t feel…” He bites his tongue
She’s thinking she might sell the flat. It's the logical thing to do and it would earn her enough money to stop her worrying about it. John would have wanted that, probably. He left her everything in his will. But she can’t decide if Sherlock would have minded, he did make some vague comment about her living here, but she could never do that. Not at the moment at least. Too painful. Too many memories.
“I have been informed of some…activities between you and a fellow soldier that are not appropriate.” The man takes off his glasses and rubs them on his shirt. It’s only now it becomes clear he’s talking to the unit Major. A burly man of six foot with a history of being exceptionally brutal to soldiers who step out of line. Everyone’s scared of him.
“You do know I can’t really dance.” John continues anxiously. “This seems so posh. It’s for proper professionals, isn’t it?”
it, that he’s wanted it for longer than he can possibly remember.
The peace won’t last forever.
“A text from Mycroft,” he states as he picks it up. “He’s coming over.”
Hello! So this has taken me ages, I'm so sorry. I've been busy and I'm also really worried that this chapter is rubbish and pointless. But anyway, I'll let you be the judge of that.
Sherlock stands awkwardly in the queue for the corner shop, horrendously embarrassed.
“He’s won.”
Sherlock ignored her protest and began to walk her forward down the stairs. “I’ll talk to you later Mrs Hudson.” He hissed.
“For…everything. I know I have never been the best with…” He has physically to force the word from his mouth. “Emotions...and such but, I’ve been sat out there for an insufferable amount of time and I've realised I’ve not been there for you, not really. Not in the way you needed. You’re clearly in a bad place and you have been for months and I’ve...I’ve let you down.”
“For god’s sake Sherlock,” Mycroft leans forward in his chair, lowering his voice a threatening octave. “You nearly died last night, and now your hands are shaking and your brow is sweating and we both know what those symptoms are the beginning of.” He takes a breath. “Withdrawal. Now please would you just listen to me-”
Did you ever fight it?
But as ever, John is struggling to understand this simple affair and is upset all the same. The experience is actually incredibly new to Sherlock, in fact, this is the first time he’s ever had to deal with it. They’ve only been friends, close friends, or whatever they are - Sherlock isn’t really sure - for a month or so. It’s Sherlock’s first year at Oxford University. They met by chance in a class on forensic science and have spent every waking second together since.
“Yes.” Sherlock muttered.
“It’s got faster." John breathes. "It’s too fast now Mycroft, he might-”
Sherlock came back.
“Yes.” John breathed. “I guess so, but it doesn't matter I was only joking obviously -”
“What?”
In you and I
Sherlock throws back the sheets at his torso and looks down at his lower body, the flimsy white hospital gown making it look paler and thinner than it already is.
. How could he have forgotten?
This. Is. It.
“Boys,” John warns.
John moves back to Sherlock’s side and starts to carry out the same medical procedure he would on any patient. He checks his pulse, rapid and sporadic. He tries to put him in the recovery position, but Sherlock is refusing to keep still. He groans and yells, his limbs shaking immensely. His murmurs are starting to form sentences. He seems to be arguing with someone, but John can’t tell who.
There’s a deathly silence after Sherlock speaks, as the room waits for Molly to get it. John plops himself back in his chair, head returning to his hands.
“Really?” A timid expression creeps across Sherlock’s face.
Sherlock braces himself.
“Anyway...” He shakes his head and turns to the nurse. “Could you...give us a minute please, in there?”
“The image of you,” John giggled, “draped over your desk like some bloody erotic dancer.”
He thinks to himself.
John's voice cracks. "I can't-"
(See the end of the chapter for
John purses his lips. “Yes but that’s Morphine, Sherlock. That will help with the - woah steady!” He rushes to the other man’s side as Sherlock unexpectedly tries to swing his legs from the bed and start walking, his attempt to be composed failing. He wobbles all over the place. Grasps weakly at the sheets.
Everyone freezes.
“Hmm no. I’m not sure you deserve it.” John teased.
“Mr Holmes, hello again.” Her voice is soft, her lips more pursed than usual. Mycroft senses she’s already read the files.
John follows shortly after, his composed movements and gentle encouragements deteriorating until he falls into a wreck of loud groans and sharp breaths. It’s only moments before he crashes too, collapsing into the man he loves.
Oh I, I can't stand myself
“Christ...what happened to you?!” He pushes her back to arm's length and runs his fingers across the wound, the patches of purple already signs of severe bruising. He doesn’t pull away when she flinches. His voice grows dark. “How did you get this?”
The footsteps were now dangerously near the top of the stairs. “Boys!” Mrs Hudson called out.
this part.
Malice swamps her unexpectedly, corrupting her thoughts.
The elder holmes gulps. "Oh come on, don't make me say it. It's obvious, isn't it? There's always been something else, ever since the beginning. Tell him how you feel about him!"
The life she’s leaving behind.
“Really?” John sits up on the bed and raises his eyebrows, clearly startled. “Already?”
"Anyway..." He continued loudly, coughing awkwardly as he gestured back to the PowerPoint. Praying everyone would take their focus from Sherlock and place it back on him.
Maybe they stayed like that, embraced and entwined together, wrapped in a world of complications, crying into each other's shoulders and whispering the words "I love you. I love you. I love you." again and again until they didn't need to be said anymore.
“Ah,” Mycroft’s feels his chest tighten against his will. He exhales lightly and stands up. Why does he feel shaky all of a sudden? Like there’s somewhere else he should be? He gathers up his coat and hooks his umbrella on his arm, glancing sideways before making a beeline for the door.
The first thing she spots is a slightly crinkled piece of yellowing paper covered in scrawly black writing. Underneath is a small collection of photo albums along with some notebooks and newspaper clippings. She decides to start with the note first.
Deciding it is best to leave him be, John pushes up from the bed and puts his boxers on, before wandering through to the kitchen; trying to wipe the sleepy dust from corners of his eyes. It’s been a long time since either of them ate anything and his stomach is rumbling to prove it. Tea and toast, he thinks, that will do nicely.
Mark bends down to open his medical case while he continues. “Now I understand from your brother you’re already experiencing some early withdrawal symptoms. Could you outline them briefly for me?”
Sherlock feels a wave of embarrassment roll in his stomach. He fumbles in his pocket for change. “Err, kind of.”
Hi again, sorry for the delay on this chapter. I was stuck in writers' block for so long and I've also been so irritatingly busy. But here it is, a very long angsty chapter, and god I hope you like it. Enjoy!
Cold and painful. The kind you get in the split second before an explosion, the moment before someone pulls the trigger of a gun; sets off a bomb. It’s the kind that lasts a
Or maybe he stayed and twiddled his thumbs nervously while waiting to see John's face.
"Shh." Sherlock commanded, putting a hand over John's mouth. "It's under your shirt line, no one will see it."
“Yes sir.”
“How can that be possible?”
John slides the key in the lock and pushes the door to the flat open. He says nothing except retake his position under Sherlock’s shoulder and start to help him inside, simply fixing Mrs Hudson with a look as he goes.
“Mm,” The detective mumbles, his head still tilted back and his eyes closed. His arm lays limply at his side.
He tries desperately to stop the world from turning upside down in his head and uses an intelligence database to get the locations of all the nearest drug hotspots. There’s one fifteen minutes away from where Sherlock was last seen. Five.
And with that the lights finally go out. His world stops rotating. A blanket of total darkness falls across everything and anything he ever once knew. Moriarty disappears. Everything feels cold, empty. There’s nothing but silence, a dead and unmoving peace.
Sherlock gave a slight shrug of his shoulders. "True."
The park is dull around him. Nearly empty, a plain grey sky, a pigeon crowing from somewhere in the trees above him. Sirens wail from far in the distance, but otherwise, the cold silence continues.
Sherlock smirks. "You can do this John, honestly." He leans forward and puts his mouth to John's ear, deliberately dropping his voice an octave. "You remember what I taught you…just follow me."
"So um..." He flashed a quick smile, trying to buy himself more time to think of something to say.
Sherlock groans loudly and tries to turn his head to the wall. Shame and relief rolling around in equal measure in his stomach, crashing against each other like tidal waves. It’s the worst feeling in the world. He doesn’t know whether to be relieved or absolutely devastated.
“Perfect.”
The woman pulls a face. “I think that’s the least of your worries,”
“Alright?”
get smart with me, Sherlock.”
Sherlock raises his head slowly. His cheeks are wet. His lip curls up aggressively. “Oh, so this is
insignificant. It makes the thoughts in his head seem unbearably loud.
“Oh for god’s sake.” Mycroft rolls his eyes and shrugs off his jacket before crossing the room and sitting down. “You better put the kettle on John. This is going to be a long couple of days.”
“I overdosed.”
“Yes,” He replies. “That is what people normally do-” He tries hard to focus on his breathing. Fighting for control over his breath. “During a panic attack.”
Sherlock's voice had gone quiet, timid even. "Nothing, I just-"
“I know.”
The setting is almost unrecognisable from how it was only a few minutes ago. It’s now alive with movement. Roused with passion and emotion. Transformed entirely. It’s like a scene from a musical.
“I really am.”
“Watson!”
to be part of the action, part of the pursuit.
“Perhaps it would be better if you, I mean, if you left now…I just wanted to check that you were ok.” John offered up a pleasant smile and tried not to sound too awkward.
The nurse turns away.
Whether it was deliberate or not John didn’t know but in a split second Sherlock’s voice had dropped several octaves and adopted the most profoundly flirtatious tone.
The boy wasn’t making it easy though, as although his body was facing John he still had his cheek turned to the side, hiding behind his hair and avoiding John's eyes. John frowned, noting that Sherlock looked disconcerted and ever so slightly flustered. He closed his eyes briefly as another wave of remorse crushed over him. He should've intervened sooner.
Ah,” Sherlock gags as the image of Jim lying in a bath of scarlet red blood penetrates his mind, taints his senses. He feels Jim whispering into his ear. The sensation causing tingles to spark down his spine and making him want to retch. He shifts on the mattress.
“Hah,” Sherlock snorts. “It’s a bit late for that.”
“Hmm” John gave a slightly pained grin. He took his hand down from his hair and put it on his knee. The action brought his eyes to the attention of Sherlock's thigh which was next to his, just a couple of inches away. It was so small and lean in comparison to his toned, muscular one - he’d been working out recently in preparation for the army. John's eyes dropped down to rest of Sherlock's lower body. His legs were thin, tucked in close together, the insides of his knees touching. John gulped. The thought of running his hands down along Sherlock’s thighs to check if they were as frail as they looked would be a highly inappropriate one, but it didn't stop him from having it. He looked away quickly, slightly ashamed and suddenly starting to grow more and more anxious of where they were and what it looked like. He glanced towards the door, shuffling uncomfortably. Sherlock followed his gaze, turning his head until their eyes met quickly and John caved and looked away first.
Mycroft taps with his thumbs, searches with his fingers.
What if Mycroft is right? What if he - John Watson - is the only person who can do this. The only one who can say the words that will make a difference.
The nurse steps slowly into his vision and folds her lips into a straight line. Her gaze grows softer. “You know I can’t do that.”
When she’d finally swallowed her tears and steadied her shaking voice; Rosie had told him not to be so ridiculous. She said that it was not his fault and she was proud her mother. Proud that she was so brave.
“Yes?”
Sherlock doesn’t answer.
But the words are nothing more than a dry rasp. Drowned out by the sounds of gunfire, and then-
long time for Sherlock to meet his gaze. But when he does-
But Sherlock is just blank, stunned to the core. His face is awash with confusion, with hundreds of doubts. His brain flashes with images of everything he's ever known, of his childhood, of his parents, of all the people who have laughed at him and rejected him. He's never had anyone love him back, not like this, not like...
network if we were going to expect to live in any kind of peace.” He puts up his familiar barrier of arrogance, the only defence he has left. “How much plainer can I put it?”
John and Mycroft hold their breath.
“Ты, пиздюк паршивый.”
No, the quiet life she had is gone. Sherlock took it from her. So now she can either sink slowly in the quicksand or fight her way out before it’s too late.
“No.”
“I know, but I -” Sherlock struggles for a moment. “I’m just busy. Why can’t you leave it,” he mutters, not meeting the other man’s gaze.
Blaring noise starts up again in his brain, like the whirling of an old machine. The droplets of light start to get bigger; expand and bubble, begin to contract the darkness. His finger twitches once at his side.
After several long moments of stroking, kissing and concealed moaning, John couldn't help but twist his head around to catch a glimpse of the door, for it really would be embarrassing if they got caught by Mrs Hudson now, on the floor devouring each other like desperate school boys.
“For not…” John frowned, finding it hard to choose the right words. He coughed. “Coming in sooner- and uh- it doesn’t matter.”
But as the tears come, silently slipping down his cheeks, he realises that he
Mary’s hands start shaking. Mycroft's changed his password, or blocked her phone, one of the two. Suddenly it dawns on her.
"Tell him, John. Please. What you've always known but never said - the both of you. He needs to hear it now."
The cab pulls up alongside a smart grey building with tall arched windows. The doors at the front are already open, and men in tight white shirts linger casually outside, talking and laughing, clouds of cigarette smoke shrouding their faces. Groups of women in heels and fluffy beige coats head through the door.
he’s gurgling rubbish, groaning loudly about the one person he really shouldn’t. But it doesn’t matter, this place is empty anyway.
“Ah,”
he felt so disappointed.
He tries to sit up but pain shoots through his left shoulder, his chest, and insufferable sting. He cries out. His helmet is choking him.
John sits in the corner of the ambulance with his knees squashed against the wall and fiddles anxiously with his thumbs. He still feels short of breath. The experience is all too familiar - it’s not for the first time he’s had to sit in the back of an ambulance and rush with Sherlock to hospital, completely out of his mind with worry.
Mary moves as if to follow but then decides against it. She watches as her husband places his hands on the kitchen counter and closes his eyes, his chest rising and falling vigorously. She can’t tell if he’s about to cry or commit murder.
Hello! This is one of the happiest things I’ve ever written, and funnily enough I’ve really enjoyed it! You can find the song that Sherlock and John dance to
John looks away and tries to keep his eyes fixed on the blank white wall opposite him.
My cold little heart
“Sure,” John raised his glass in return, his fingers were trembling but somehow he managed to keep his voice steady. “To...”
But he
“Are those...
lie.” He looks up, his eyes tired and wary. “Did you deliberately do it - take that much. Did you intentionally mean to-”
Sherlock finishes his last bite of toast and puts the plate down gently on the bedside table. He gets up and dresses quickly, just a plain white shirt and black trousers, before flopping back down on the bed, exhausted. John is still downstairs ransacking Mrs Hudson’s cupboards, and to be honest he’s grateful for the moment of solitude.
"Yes," John said thickly, his face beginning to cloud over like thunder. "You've lost him again, haven't you?"
. John tried to snap himself out of it but he just couldn’t, he was drawn to Sherlock in a way he’d never been drawn to anybody. Without thinking he started moving forward.
“Oh come on...” Sherlock said breathlessly, his panting becoming heavier as he began to devour John’s face and neck. “You, love it.” He stated between kisses.
She goes off road and shortcuts another corner, jumping the pavement just past the Royal Opera house. Her phone sounds in her pocket, vibrates too. A personalised text alert.
The man flinches, startled, and this time Sherlock looks up to catch his reaction. He stares him directly in the eye, his own blue eyes shining in the light.
“So…” He voice comes out as a dry, pained mess. “Mary. The thing is…”
"I picked it up on the plane while you were asleep. Your snoring interrupted me a few times actually..."
.“ He lifts a weak finger to his temple. “Not in here.”
But then, something flickers alight deep inside him. Something dark and dangerous. He pictures John touching his cheek, tracing his fingertips across his skin. He imagines what it will be like when they first interlock fingers, the first time they say they love each other. The images burn within him like a fire, like gunpowder, and suddenly he finds himself smiling darkly. Without thinking he flicks his head up and spits deliberately in the man’s face, his saliva landing in a string across the his cheek.
“Fine.” The elder Holmes huffs after a moment, stepping aside. “But where then?”
“Why not?” Sherlock asked, his glass still held in the air.
Time restarts again as she rushes forwards and flings her arms around his neck, so tight he can’t breathe. He doesn’t stop her.
John reads the text message several times over. Making sure he unpicks anything he might have missed. His phone trembles noticeably in his hand in front of him.
Sherlock remains silent, purses his lips, and after a moment the man starts to press harder, moving the knife down to Sherlock's throat, drawing a slim slit of blood to the surface.
“How interesting,” John mutters, although Sherlock can tell from his face that he is at least surprised, and if he’s not mistaken...slightly pleased?
“I’m sorry.” John whispers into Mary’s hair.
“Um yes?” John replied, annoyed to be interrupted. The students were supposed to be taking notes, not shouting to him.
“Oh...Sherlock...”
"John,"
, Sherlock turns away and shields his eyes with the excuse of a cough.
Who knew such a fierce detective would come apart like this?
The tension collapses.
’ is written on the front in John’s neat handwriting.
"Oh." John beams. He’s not sure he’s ever felt this happy.
John shuffles awkwardly on his feet from the kitchen. He still doesn’t turn around.
“Thank you,” Sherlock says as she puts a fresh pillow behind his head and sets his tea down on the coffee table.
. Just as much as it did with John at the hospital. Guilt snakes back through Sherlock’s stomach, twisting itself around his organs like a python; flowing through his veins like a sickness. The world unexpectedly waves in and out of focus again and for a second he thinks he might black out.
“I’m sorry John, but I just can’t - I can’t handle this. I have to-”
But they still smell like him. The pillow beside her is sunken to the shape of his head.
Sherlock blinked once
Sherlock sighed dramatically in defeat.
Sherlock smiles faintly.
What the hell happens now?
But he doesn't. Because a larger part of him is unable to bear it a second longer. He’s
“You’re in shock.” The detective says quietly.
He lets out one short guttural howl.
“Well?” She asks.
“Humph,” Sherlock stares him down at himself, not bothered. “Well you can leave if you want.”
nothing.
“Sherlock?!” John is starting to look increasingly annoyed. His lip twitches. “Are you even listening to me?”
"Ah." John managed, looking away quickly. “Good.” There was another stiff pause between them. Sherlock shuffled before turning slowly as if to leave.
‘As soon as possible’ means urgent, yet how can it be if the case does not involve her, and they are both fine?
But at that very moment the lights unexpectedly dim around them, and the orchestra goes quiet; soft as they start up with a new song. A classic song. One that Sherlock recognises instantly.
How will she react? What will she say? What will she
She holds her hand out towards the road. A cab looks as if it is slowing but then promptly drives past her.
The corners of Sherlock's mouth curl up, ever so faintly. Wrinkles appear at the corners of his eyes. “Yeah. That wasn’t exactly the welcome I was expecting, but you weren’t to know and-” he takes a breath. “Perhaps… there is a small chance I did deserve it.”
second John worried if perhaps he'd taken things a little too fast.
“No. um,” Sherlock clears his throat and shuffles a tiny bit closer. “Sorry I meant nice. You look…nice.”
He’s buying flowers, for the first time, and they’re not just any old flowers for a relative or some experiment. They’re flowers for John.
He thought.
up here. She’d seen her baby photos a few times briefly before, but only ever on the computer. The first time was when John was hurriedly trying to find her a picture of her mother, Mary, to take into school for Mothers day. Of course, she’d known about her then, aged eight, though she didn't really understand. When the time was right, Daddy had taken her aside and told her very gently that Mummy had left them to go to heaven when she was young, and that’s why she had two daddies now instead, who love each other very much, although he did say he loved Mummy very much too when she was alive, and that he still misses her.
“I didn’t mean it I’m sorry.” Mycroft reaches out to touch Sherlock’s hand but then decides against it. “Listen, about all of this. I’m…really sorry.”
“What do you mean?” John calls, anger burning in his voice like fire does gunpowder. “MYCROFT?!”
“I hate this,” he slurs to the room, which still contains a tired John Watson and a bored Mycroft Holmes. “I’m so uncomfortable.”
of pain in his chest every time when they weren’t recuperated. Not to mention Reichenbach. Countless suffering and unbearable waiting. It was all for him.
Well, it's clear that at this point John must have met Sherlock, because soon that’s all there is. Some of the photos have been transferred and edited on the computer. She stifles a giggle, it almost looks like Sherlock is modelling in a few of them, which perhaps he was, for the blog. The detective would never have admitted it, but he was such a poser. Rosie smiles and flicks further, getting excited now, the photos moving quickly through her hands.
“There’s a car outside,” Mycroft announces as they reach the entrance. “I arranged for there to be clothes too, so you can change.”
“No, don’t” Sherlock whispered, reaching out and stilling John’s hand. “Just stay quiet.” He reached over to the corner of the desk and flicked the light off quickly.
They struggle on, John using his grip around Sherlock’s waist to help push him upwards. They take the stairs up to 221B very steadily, one at a time. Sherlock has to stop them at least twice, clutching onto John and shutting his eyes as black dots start to appear in the centre of his vision.
"Could a Mr John Watson come to reception, please. That's John Watson to reception."
There was talk from Sherlock’s still surprisingly large fanbase that the flat could be turned into a museum, but she’s too not sure about that either. They have enough people trying to snoop about their personal lives as it is, and she’s not ready. Not yet anyway. Maybe after everything’s had time to settle. One day far in the future, she thinks, maybe.
“I have to leave - just for a moment. I can’t-”
“Awake already, are we?”
“How many sections exactly?”
“Sorry,” Mary quips, quirking an eyebrow and moving swiftly past her, “But I can, official business and all that.”
“Don't be absurd.” Sherlock snapped, cutting John off and finally looking him sharply in the eyes. “I’m not being bullied or anything, if that’s what you think.”
Another awkward silence fell over them and John regretted the question instantly. Noting also that Sherlock had addressed him as ‘Sir’ instead of using his name. He could almost kick himself under the table. He’d knocked down that small ounce of trust before it had even been built.
He takes another heavy breath and wipes his eyes before turning back to the crowd. He can’t give up, not yet. He's just got to get through this day. He's
It’s the perfect spanner in the words, the fly in the ointment. She snaps the answer like it's the missing clue in a crossword puzzle.
don't let it be
“For how long?”
A minute passes. Another taxi emerges in the queue of cars, it’s orange light gleaming, merging with the apricot sky. It starts to slow and indicate towards the pavement.
A car engine rumbles outside on the street below. Sirens wail faintly in the distance. For the first time, John notices the daylight peeping through the curtains. Mid-morning. It’s hard to believe there are people out there going about their normal lives. Eating, commuting, working...while in here everything John knows seems to be falling apart.
Sometimes it's easy to forget there's a living breathing world existing outside his own. Outside the one he controls. He suddenly feels rather out of place.
“Sherlock,” John interrupts.
“Sherlock.” The elder Holmes responds darkly. “I’ve got an intuition. Hurry.”
If the suffering guarantees John’s safety, he’ll carry on like this; chained up and beaten to his knees, until his heart stops beating.
Mary stands in terminal four at Heathrow Airport and scans over the flight departures. She doesn’t really have a plan, and none of these options seem particularly appealing.
Sherlock opens his mouth to speak but then closes it again. He wriggles uncomfortably. Remains silent for a long moment. He can’t look her in the eye.
“Stand clear please.”
“Only good?” John hides a nervous laugh.
Mycroft jerks upwards in his chair. Almost by default, he elbows the slumbering body of John beside him. “Yes?!”
“You’re not.”
Of course. It's
“Yeah hi,”
The nurse nods her head, causing a single strand of hair to fall in her eyes. She turns sharply in the direction of the door.
The underlying humour in John’s face began to fade and he narrowed his eyes, sensing a trick. “No we didn’t, when was this conversation meant to have happened?”
Sherlock suddenly stops himself, returning sharply from the world he was just lost in, when he realises that John’s grip has tightened on the chair. So hard that his knuckles are turning white, and the eyes behind his hands are squeezed shut.
Her eyes trail slowly across the railings, the guttering, the outlines of all the different bricks and shadows, and for the first time she notices the white paint covering the window ledges is cracked and chipped, the windows are slightly dirty. There’s a few weeds peeking through the gaps in the pavement, remnants of chewing gum on the concrete slabs.
Hello my loves, I hope you're well. Sorry it's been ages again I can only apologise. I finished my second year of university with a first so that's cool. I have planned the rest of this fic out to the END now so we can only hope for more but I have decided I will no longer make promises as I am not very good at sticking to them (unlike Sherlock, we hope). Anyway, I hope you enjoy this!
how to love.
“Hmph, maybe.” The detective stifles a giggle. “I do feel quite relaxed now.” He turns and squishes his face into the sofa.
He nods.
Tears start to slide from the corner of his eyes too. He blinks. His breath rapidly becoming hard to steady. The bleep of the machine sounds his heart rate getting faster.
“Oh god,” John tilts his head. “Maybe. You weren’t particularly quiet.”
Sherlock and John hold hands for the first time. Much fluff.
John moves away from his ear and pulls back, cupping Sherlock’s cheek before gazing into his nervous dark eyes.
She sends him back a simple question mark and waits 30 seconds. No response.
Silence. John looks up from his chair.
Their eyes meet. John’s pupils are dark and wide, but empty. His gaze travels over Sherlock’s fragile body, over every single detail of his face. His expression grows softer, sadder. And suddenly Sherlock notices the hollow bags under his eyes, the faded creases now lining his temples. He sees John’s skin is greasy, and his hair, that's normally so well kept, is now dishevelled and messy, evidence that he’s dragged his fingers through it many times.
Anyway, I really hope you like this, it is by far the most challenging and emotional piece I've ever written.
She can picture it now, all the odd moments she shrugged off as nothing. How John's smile was never quite the same. How he thrummed his fingers impatiently on the table tops, constantly checked his phone, took on far too many shifts at the surgery. Actually, those few months are when she can first pinpoint their relationship going downhill.
“What do we do!?” John is asking, his panicked voice filling the room, the only noise competing against the sound of Sherlock's distressing moans. “What do we do!?”
John squints. "Tell him? Tell him what, Mycroft? What are you talking about?"
A sudden tightness forms in his throat.
Really, this is all for John.
What if Sherlock doesn’t remember, or refuses to admit that he does? What do they do then? Pretend it never happened?
“It is to continue no longer, understood?”
See! I told you I'd write something happy soon. Did you like it? I really hope so, because I worked very hard and was a lot more descriptive than I tend to normally be, so I hope that paid off and you could really visualise everything. Don't be afraid to tell me what you thought! Thanks must go to Kate (bigblueboxat221b) who helped me edit, and everyone on Instagram who got as excited about this idea as me and urged me to do it.
“Sherlock!” John gasped with pleasure as Sherlock pressed down on top of him, grabbing his wrists and pinning him to floor, smothering him in a delightful heat.
“Mary’s given you Rosie? What?”
An hour later she’s bought a ticket and boarded a plane.
But then, there’s an awful lot he’d rather forget.
His whole life he's suffered a constant background noise, a glaring buzz that’s impossible to switch off, not even for a moment.
Hello again! I am so sorry about the massive delay for this chapter. I had the worst writers' block I've ever experienced and been insanely busy applying for jobs and things. It is 6000 words though so it's sort of like you're getting two in one? ;)
Oh god it’s John. His beautiful, desperate John. Running his hands all over his chest, stroking his face, pulling back the hair that’s clumped together on his forehead. How on earth did he get here? How did he find him?
John was out, so Papa Sherlock let her sit in his chair beside the fire and made her a cup of tea. They sat in silence for a while, before Sherlock started slowly, explaining all about Moriarty, and the Reichenbach case that meant he had to leave John for two years. Then he explained how John was with Mary when he came back, so he could never say anything, despite knowing then that he loved him. He never spoke badly of her though, and moved onto the wedding, telling Rosie all about her mother Mary; how she was funny and witty and the three of them were great friends for a time. Then the detective's voice went grievously quiet as he explained the circumstances of her death, and how sometimes, he still blames himself and worries that John does too.
He wonders if it'll be the last.
The silence continues to swarm around them. It’s so deafening; so impenetrable, that they could be underwater.
A thin slit of light catches her eye, a glimpse of the hallway.
“Oh, let's not waste time!” Sherlock exclaims, trying to pull both he and John forward. “I’ve already told you both I’m
Another silence.
Not even the low murmur of Sherlock's voice. There’s no greeting. No acknowledgement. The nurse smiles sadly before walking away.
Once sure she was definitely leaving Sherlock practically jumped round and threw John an exaggerated grin, the nervous energy bouncing off him from all directions.
“Christ that’s a lot,” Mycroft mutters from the sofa.
John exhales softly through his nose and dips his head. “Thank you.” He whispers. “I appreciate that.”
Thankfully, on que Sherlock jumped up, grabbing his satchel in the process. "Of course. I'll go" He said broadly, offering John a pleasant smile as he tucked in his chair.
“Uh, god-” Sherlock doesn’t need to be told twice, and with that he lets go, shuddering as the feeling overtakes him, knocking him sideways. They both tense, the release draining whatever energy they had left.
Mary rolls her eyes and turns sharply on her heels before heading back down the corridor, the stairs, back the way she came; taking the steps two at a time.
“Nonsense.” Sherlock smiles. He pays the driver and hops out quickly, rushing around the back of the cab to hold the door open for John. “You’re excellent at dancing, John.
“What?”
Everything goes into the rucksack. Passport, socks, a torch, nappies for Rosie - wait - her mind races, is she going to take Rosie? Molly would probably look after her. But for how long? And what does she give as the reason?
And with that, he turns, grips the handle, and pushes through the door.
As always thanks for reading. It means the world.
The sound of blood throbs thickly in his ears. Everything feels very slow, very surreal. In the haze he notices that Sherlock’s mouth has stopped bubbling.
“Oh…”
“It's fine, John,” Sherlock stresses, “It’s...”
“Oh” John said, furrowing his eyebrows as he struggled to keep up with Sherlock’s quick talking and rather audible energetic flipping of pages.
There’s no denying they clicked. One afternoon of being stuck in a room together, having to study together, and that was it. Instant friends, they’ve started solving campus crimes for the university newspaper. They walk around Oxford, visit the museums; stop to have lunch in a cafe - Sherlock normally impressing John with his endless deductions. Classmates have commented on what a pair they are, Sherlock’s own mother has made a comment about meeting Sherlock’s new ‘special friend’ when he next goes home for reading week.
I'm so so sorry it's taken me forever again to update this. All I can say is I really hope you enjoy it. I worked really hard on it. If you are an old time reader thank you so much for sticking with me and this story, you have an amazing amount of patience and dedication to Johnlock. I salute you.
. That this is it. This is his moment. John's said his speech and now it's his turn. He
After a moment John breathed out a small sigh of relief and started collecting up his things. Only suddenly there was a small cough, instinatively causing him to look up.
“Umm,” John tried to cover his tracks with a small laugh. “No, err, I mean, well, what with it being Paris and all."
He’s added her to a list, although she was probably already on one, which renders her dangerous. A ‘High-risk suspect', as it used to be known as in the field. Not quite a fugitive but more or less one. She’s seen these things before, and wonders now why she was foolish enough not to expect it. There's probably been alerts sent out all across London. People watching her every move. It’s now impossible for her to travel.
Fear starts to pulse in her nervous system. Her cool mood replaced in an instant. Something is wrong.
"Yes,” Sherlock pants.
Even for him, the last 48 hours give new meaning to the words ‘fast-paced’. It’s obviously too much. He needs to process it. Catalogue every detail. Lay each moment out like sheets of paper to file away in his mind palace. There’s just so much he wants to remember. The caress of John’s hands, the feel of his fingertips on his skin, his moans, his tears, his smile, his words.
“I think about you too.” He blurts suddenly, before he has a chance to stop himself. “That’s....” He falters and clears his throat, trying to compose himself. “...why I do the drugs. It helps. Blanks everything out. I just…”
Sherlock froze, not turning around, his body tense and rigid under John's tender hands.
He doesn't want her to know where they are.
, until his heart stopped beating.
Everyone waits. Still, Molly stands in the centre of the room. Her knitted scarf dangling, pink cheeks blazing. Awkwardness spreads itself over them all like a spider.
Sherlock’s mind whirs.
“Oh my god.”
“No Sherlock, actually-”
That way, Mary thinks, she has a reason to come back.
"Oh," John smiled gently. "Yeah, it was that's great...but um…” He glanced around one last time to make sure he wasn’t wrong, a very nervous feeling starting to clutch at his chest. “Aren’t you missing something?”
, right now. His dark curls bouncing lightly off his forehead, the shadows cast across the room making his eyes dark, the pale light reflecting in his pupils right in the center. The way his chest was fluttering lightly in time with his breathing. It was all undeniably enticing.
“This bit, here” John pointed to a diagram and a page describing the correct procedure on treating open wounds at a crime scene, “Is brilliant, absolutely incredible. It just makes so much sense.” John shook his head lightly in disbelief, before looking up at Sherlock and staring fondly into his eyes.
His words are cut off as the man pulls a small object from his pocket. Sherlock just manages to see that it's a knife, small with a curved handle, the silver blade gleaming as it's brought into the light, towards his face. The other man brings the whip down hard on his back.
“I…” He struggles with his words. “I…”
Still, there seems to be no one around to stop them.
Rosie gasps at the first photos of her mother. She's even more beautiful than she remembers, and she studies each photo carefully, eyes scanning over every single detail before moving on. And then, as she turns the page, come the photos of her:
when-
He hangs up before John gets the chance to reply.
“Cancel it.” She looks straight into the woman’s eyes, still dazed and delirious. “I’m fine.”
Is John going to walk away? Was it really all for nothing? Everything he did?
Sherlock takes a breath. “I didn’t think-”
“Yes.. It was he who insisted I go. He did get me out, after all.”
John took a nervous breath. Tuesday. He’d been waiting for this moment, more than a little anxiously. For in a couple of minutes time he would be setting eyes on the boy with the mop of curly black hair and piercing blue eyes.
“Just as well we’re staying then, isn’t it?” John smirks sarcastically. “In fact, this is so much fun, I wonder if we’ll ever want to leave your side again.”
“Hah,” Mycroft actually snorts. “Absolutely not. We’ve discussed this before. He would never go.”
“John?”
How on earth did he get this lucky?
“Are you sure?”
John takes a tiny step closer and bites his lip. “Yes. When I thought you were...dead, or dying, I don’t know…I would never normally...”
John’s heart flooded with warmth and the corners of his lips rose up on their own accord, the warmth seeming to escape from his heart as he beamed at Sherlock.
“It’s about 50-50,” Mycroft says honestly. “She’s good at hiding, and we might already be too late.”
The room was placidly dim, the afternoon sunlight streaming through the bay windows of the study room, the light tinting the students faces with a lucent shade of apricot orange as they filed out, carrying the hustling noise and playful atmosphere with them.
Mary is still looking at him. Confused and concerned. She tilts her head to one side questioningly, like a puppy that doesn’t quite understand.
"John!”
Maybe this time I can be strong
"Because you went away!" John cries, the rage tearing through his veins like a forest fire, making his voice tremble. "You disappeared, Sherlock, for two years. Just off on your own little adventure, and I moved on, of course I did- I-”
The class were silent. Normally they were quite keen to ask questions, but this one seemed to have everyone stunned. John was about to explain but before he  had a chance the silence was suddenly broken by a shout from the left.
Sherlock wipes the remnants of a tear from his cheek, looking up and meeting John’s gaze as he continues to speak.
John whispered the name under his breath, studying it, admiring it even. It was so unique and striking, he’d never heard of anyone else with that name and he doubted he ever would. Maybe his parents had known what an uncontrollably marvellous force the boy would turn out to be, how unusual, how brilliant. But, maybe they just wanted him to be like that, people do say you grow into your expectations.
The feeling is indescribable. Ecstasy.
He gulps. What will it be like seeing that beautiful body swirling around him later? Alive with movement, with sensation?
…” He taunted, his eyes flashing in amusement.
“I know.”
The laughter floods his ears again.
Sherlock catches John’s eye. He’s never seen his best friend look so terrified, so broken. It's like he's torn between the both of them, ripped straight down the middle. Trapped in a battle between his mind and his heart.
Mary takes another cautious step forwards. Her voice wobbles slightly this time. “John, tell me please. What is it?”
“Didn’t!” John protested.
It’s like there’s an abyss in John’s stomach. A desert in his throat. Nothing has ever felt so surreal. His vision has been reduced to an uneven blur. All the noises are too loud. His senses too sharp.
Is this what he wants? Now? So soon?
He tries to open his eyes but feels them rolling backwards. With great effort he shifts so that he’s lying flat on the mattress and tries to gather the strength to rip apart the remaining buttons on his shirt. Because, although it’s cold in here - he’s
What if five percent was too much?
“Did you go to hospital for this?”
“Sherlock?” John called again, this time moving through the commotion of the other students who were packing up so that he could reach out and pull lightly on the younger man’s shoulder.
can Sherlock be so ignorant?
John stops pacing and finally sinks into the tired green armchair beside him. He sighs heavily before dropping his head into his hands.
his idea of pleasant.
"SHH." Sherlock hissed, hastily bundling himself through the door and pushing them both out through the doorway onto the small landing by the steps. He pulled the door shut behind them with a click.
“He twitched, and his eyes...wait,” John starts fumbling frantically at Sherlock’s neck. “Hang on…”
But he doesn't. Instead Sherlock just stares solidly at the ground as John takes the majority of his weight and leads him away through the door, switching on the lamp he goes.
“I don’t suppose you could run another class, for me, a sort of...
She freezes in shock as her gaze travels over his greasy ruffled hair and tear-stained cheeks. The partly unbuttoned shirt that reveals a sheen of cold sweat covering his chest.
Finally, they have peace.
She turns away and runs into the rain.
Whole minutes pass. Whole seconds that feel like years, decades. It takes a
Sherlock makes a muffled sound that resembles a moan. The position holds for a few more tender seconds, and then Sherlock starts to move back against John’s lips. Braver this time, bolder, he uses his jaw and tongue to deepen the embrace further, exploring, tasting. Pushing for something he’s never had.
“So-”
"Quite. Anyway Mrs Hudson, you just came up here because you wanted...tea, wasn't it?" Sherlock blurted quickly, anxious to get rid of Mrs Hudson as the risk of her spoiling the surprise was much higher than he felt comfortable with.
Sherlock.”
“Oh god."
Mycroft lowers his voice. “No…”
“Christ…”
“No shh, shh, I know.” Mary holds out her arms and suddenly they’re around John’s shoulders, holding him, squeezing him, her sweet perfume flooding his senses. He closes his eyes and lets her take the majority of his weight. Everything disappears as he buries his head in her chest and
Well hello, it's been a while.
They wander over and wait in a queue for a moment - with John’s hand sliding nonchalantly around Sherlock’s waist - before their turn comes and the drinks are ordered. They get two large cocktails in curved glasses, the colour a rich, deep red, and make their way over to a clear spot of wall. They lean against it, sipping their drinks silently.
Her gaze travels upwards, and she scans the building to try and re-familiarise herself with it - it’s been awhile since either she or John have been here.
"Is this alright?" He asked.
In the corner of his vision he can see John kissing his little brother again, his lips forming a perfect oval against Sherlock’s own. It’s absolutely devastating to watch, heart-breaking in so many different ways. They would have been so perfect together, he’s all Sherlock ever wanted…
“What? No it didn’t!” John argued, an incredibly uncomfortable tightness beginning to squeeze in his chest.
He wakes with a start, breathing heavily. Sweating all over.
the answer to the question.
Sherlock’s wicked, childish grin broke free on his face.
to be.
It’s like the flutter of leaves on an autumn day. The sweet melody of a long-forgotten song. Everything falls into place.
There’s a moment of silence.
So that’s where they were, five minutes in, Sherlock having downed his glass of water in a matter of seconds, and John still sipping at the froth of his beer.
“Right.” John thrust his hands into Sherlock’s hair and pushed him downwards. There was a pause as Sherlock swallowed a moan- or was it a giggle, John couldn’t tell but suddenly he was digging his fingernails hard into the rug as Sherlock finally wrapped his mouth around him in the most intimate way.
He grimaced slightly, stretching his head up and trying to and think of a witty comeback. Yet, before he was physically able to reply, a strikingly low voice stole the words directly from his mouth.
“John?!”
Hello, it's been a little longer than I said but not too long! This chapter is a lot more interesting than the previous ones (I think) so I hope you enjoy it!
“Oh,” John suddenly felt a blush start to rise on his cheeks. “Nothing. I-"
“Yeah.” Mary stands still for the first time since she got there. Her eyes fill with tears but she blinks them back. “Everything’s fine.”
It’s like a knife in the stomach.
“Yeah,” John nods. “You do, but still-”
The woman’s voice fades into the background as Mary lets herself be dragged back outside to the narrow corridor.
Mycroft releases himself from Sherlock’s grip and smiles courtly, stepping back and straightening his jacket. “Good luck,” He makes sure he catches John’s gaze as he speaks. “As always, text me if I am needed.”
around them. People fall into line; start swaying to a certain rhythm. Everyone is on the dance floor now, and the couples at the far ends swirl each other under their partner’s arms.
John helps Mycroft clear up the flat until it starts to resemble something of a living room again. They draw back the curtains, wash the plates in the kitchen, sweep up the broken glass. John makes a careful pile of the things Sherlock insists really have to be kept for cases, while Mycroft goes around with a bin bag and throws everything else away. Together they hoover, dust, disinfect, polish. Mycroft even finds a screwdriver and fixes the broken bathroom door handle. About an hour or so in, Mrs Hudson comes up the stairs and makes them all tea.
“Oh god, John. Oh fuck.”
to see John’s reaction, he-
“That was…” John struggles for a moment before deciding that words couldn’t possibly describe it. He stares at the ceiling, blinking, trying to take everything in. He tilts his head to the side to confirm that Sherlock is doing the same - which he is. Slowly their breathing dies down and they lay silently.
In the second his back has been turned Sherlock has shuffled upwards and propped himself up higher on the bed. He’s nearly undone all the buttons on his shirt; leaving it to slip down from the pale rounds of his shoulders. His belt buckle is unfastened too, revealing a fraction of hip and the grey rim of his boxers. He looks like a terribly exhausted, party undressed, dishevelled mess, but something about it makes John’s chest jump.
To be continued....
“So,” Sherlock winces as he readies himself to continue. “When John and Mycroft...
“I know,” John sighs.
And that’s the moment Molly peers over John’s shoulder enough to catch a glimpse of the grey-eyed detective led on the sofa, sweaty and high as ever.
“Guess so.” Sherlock scans John’s worried expression. “Problem?”
"Are you sure?" John questioned, trying to look into the taller man's eyes and read his expression as if they were the only ones in the street. "You seem a bit...tense."
"Well, it's just..." Sherlock looked a bit like he
more time.
John Watson, with his soft smile and caring eyes. The army doctor who found him all those years ago and saved him. Taught him how to
Sherlock shuts his eyes. He is still falling down the hole, failing to get a grip on the slimy guilt-ridden walls. This is all his fault…
But, it seems no one has followed her, or if they have, she’s lost them already.
“I know it's...not that.” Sherlock waves a dismissive hand in John’s direction and takes a deep breath. Without further hesitation he flattens his palms on the edges of the chair and forces himself upwards. Quick enough that John isn’t able to stop him.
Her eyes settle on Sherlock, who’s leaning weakly against the wall by the flat door. His eyes are puffy, his pupils spaced out.
“No please sir, I’m serious. Tell us.” The same student persisted with his taunts. John grinded his teeth in his mouth and decided that boy was definitely on the bottom of the favourite list.
He wrapped his mouth back around John's cock and took him as deep as he could, using John's moans and reactions as instructions. When John was like this, Sherlock could read him like a book. Everything he wanted was crystal clear, a high pitched moan- he was doing something good. He needed to repeat that precise action every second time until the moans turned into a low growl - that was when John was seriously close.
“Like it?” John looks up at him in disbelief. “This is incredible, Sherlock. Truly. Have you been here before?”
“John wake up, your-”
“Oh.” John breathed, trying to stop his face from showing his utter amazement at Sherlock’s ridiculous observation and deduction skills. He’d told John about them once before but it was only now that John found himself starting to believe it. He composed himself before dropping eye contact and looking at the floor. “Sorry.” He whispered, guilt overtaking him once again, for this meant Sherlock must have known he was there the whole time, listening.
John makes a face.
“Who is going to hurt you?”
“But-" John sounds increasingly desperate. "You could’ve called-”
John wakes to someone shaking him. Someone pushing and pulling at his shoulders. Hard.
“Mary,” John looks desperate. “Don’t say that. I have - I was-”
Without so much as opening his eyes, Sherlock drifts back to sleep.
“What are they?” The detective squints. A single bead of sweat drips down his forehead.
“There are people you can talk to, you know, about this. You are allowed.”
"Oh, Sherlock," John whispered quietly, his insides melting at the other man's panicked expression. "Of course I want to. I just didn't think of it that's all, come here." He moved forward quickly and took Sherlock's trembling hand in his own, slowly interlocking their fingers and starting to rub small reassuring circles into Sherlock's palm with his thumb.
“Well err,” John turns and Sherlock notices the other man’s cheeks have flushed slightly. “It’s just that...he’ll deduce that we...you know, slept in the same bed. He’ll know because I probably smell of you or they’ll be a crease in my shirt or-”
“…Moriarty.”
“John…”
"Which is..?" John asked, wrapping and affectionate arm round Sherlock's waist.
Rosie turns the final page and clasps the book shut. She's too shocked for words. To think that these were always up here and they never sat down as a family and looked at them. These wonderful photos that show a beautiful story of friendship and then eventually love. And oh, how she loved them.
“God you’re so in love.” Mary mutters at last.
“Brother dear,” Mycroft calls from the kitchen. “I’m binning all food and anything that’s living in here, including whatever is in these Petri dishes. I don’t care if it’s for an experiment or not. It’s
. Pain. Anger. All in one moment.
“Yes.” Sherlock whispers.
And that's when Sherlock chuckled, setting John off as well until they were nothing more than a sweaty, giggling heap on the floor.
“I mean…” She turns to him, choosing her words carefully. “I love you, I really do, and I love Rosie and our family together, but since Sherlock came back you’ve never really been in it one hundred percent, I see that now.”
He knocks at the door.
He looked confused and John wondered if perhaps that had been a stupid question, but then Sherlock’s face cleared and he looked back down to his work. “It's a small part of a big project, I just wondered if you could go over several sections, seeing as you're the medical expert.”
“Yes!” John breathes, “Yes I can feel a pulse!”
"Jesus
For a millisecond Sherlock’s mind struggles,
“That's enough. Give them back.” He intended his voice to be low and stern, showing he was not to be messed with.
“Um, about 2 weeks ago, on a Tuesday afternoon, I recall.” Sherlock stated confidently. He held a finger to his head as if he was drawing the information from his mind palace.
Sherlock is watching him nervously. Still lying back helplessly in the hospital bed. His eyes are misty.
and it's happening now. He
“Hmph,” John shifts his weight from one foot to the other. “I wouldn’t go that far.”
The air feels clearer here. Sharper. As the wind whisks past her cheeks and the traffic purrs past her, she tries again.
The army doctor turns his head, glancing anxiously at the door. Fingers twitching. Hesitating.
He shot into action, busting through the door and shoving it open so hard that it slammed round and hit the hinging wall with a bang.
John shakes himself awake sharply and sits upwards. His phone is flashing and vibrating on the dresser beside him. He grasps for it clumsily.
“Just John then.” Sherlock breathed, the word rolling around his mouth as he processed it. He spoke slowly, carefully, as if it was the most interesting thing he’d learnt all day.
Sherlock nods, trying his hardest to seem understanding. This whole experience is so foreign to him, so bizarre. They’ve never once sat down and talked about emotions and relationships, not like this.
She holds her breath as she pushes it open, frowning as she watches it swings inwards.
"I think I remember something from med school that the Cocaine stops the Dopamine from being recycled back into the brain cells.”
He predicts.
“John!” Mycroft clasps his hands together and leans over to whisper in the smaller man’s ear. “It’s Jim. That's who Sherlock is fighting in his head. He’s mentioned this before, once. That sometimes he gets dreams, visions that he can’t control. That’s what’s happening here.”
"See!” Sherlock gasped, his face flooding with relief. “They must have found him." He cleared his throat and tried to act like he was never panicked at all. "He's smart boy John, I knew he'd be fine."
“It did...” Sherlock whistled coolly, sitting back in his chair and crossing his arms in a stubborn pose, topping it off with a confident flick of his hair.
John's head snapped back up in surprise, but all he saw was the smallest glimpse of the back of Sherlock’s head as he darted out of the room.
“Oh, I shouldn’t have asked, sorr-"
“You’re a genius.” He breathed.
“Fine then." John spat, finding he couldn't help himself from becoming instantly defensive and annoyed. ”Well in that case…” He leant forward in a sharp attempt to snatch the Present away again, but Sherlock was quick. He reacted instantly, moving his arm backwards and continuously dodging John’s desperate grabs until he was holding the present up, far and high behind him, rendering it completely out of John’s reach.
Relief gushes through her, like a rush of cold water. The realisation stings. He’s safe. He’s alive.
Some of the students turned, slightly taken back  and to John’s relief the noise level slowly started to drop. John smiled, glad he’d managed to keep the shakiness out of his voice and successfully diverted the attention back to him. The boys were still shooting dirty looks of distaste in Sherlock’s direction, but they did that already, there was not much John could do.
Mycroft stands back and watches as the pair begin to shuffle forwards. Sherlock having to rely almost entirely on John. His arm drapes across his back, his head rests heavily on the other man’s shoulder. He winces in pain every time they take a step. His bare legs shaking, frail and unsteady. Pale against the hospital floor, weirdly exposed now that they're out in the open. The hospital gown only comes down to his knees.
She places the album back in the box, trembling slightly. Once again, the attic dust makes her eyes water.
Sherlock flinches. Mycroft’s voice cuts through him, sharp as a razor. It strikes right at the core, strong enough to rip through anything, through ice.
Sherlock and John have been having a thing for a few weeks now, but that thing solidifies when Sherlock decides to take John ballroom dancing.
Enough to knock him out completely, he hopes.
The door bangs from downstairs, faint voices start to drift up towards them.
The army doctor's patience finally snapped.
“That would be nice, John. Thank you.”
Sherlock suddenly looked up. “Wait, hang on! How come he asked for you, not me?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“So what are we going to do?”
John stared him down, his eyes a dark brown in the dim light of the doorway.
The room falls silent. John takes several deep breaths. More seconds pass. He looks up, eagerly awaiting Sherlock’s reply.
It’s hard to describe what he actually does - there’s just so much to it. Shutting people up, forcing them to talk. Switching certain goods to different locations. Exchanging dark words to mindless MP’s on the phone. Everything.
He hesitates a moment before pressing send. It feels odd texting his brother such trivial information, unrelated to a case or a family affair. In fact, it feels odd actively making the effort to text Mycroft at all.
He needs to open up, apologise. Give John one good reason not to get up and walk out of this room right now.
Mary sits on her bedroom floor and shoves her things into her bag too quickly to give her mind a chance to catch up.
have to decide…”
The feeling lasted slightly longer than normal, and John relished in in, letting it flow over him. Until slowly he felt the low thrum of reality reform around him. Sherlock was slumped over his stomach, with one of his arms curled into John's side, his chest still fluttering slowly as he recovered.
“What?” Sherlock’s eyes widen dramatically. “Why
“Зачем ты это делаешь? А? Шныряешь вокруг моей квартиры?”
This is no mistake, Mycroft doesn’t make mistakes, so why has he sent her false information, deliberately thrown her off the scent. What's going on?
“Huh? Mary?”
“Could I… possibly…err, see again?” He asks.
“Mr Holmes?”
“It’s stuff you don’t know,” Sherlock drawls again, “...Mikey.”
“Yes.” Sherlock said solemnly, his eyes still fixed on the paper.
“Has Sherlock Holmes been here?”
The world may as well have stopped rotating.
John stands, having to steady himself on the chair to stop his legs from wavering beneath him. He promises Mycroft with his eyes and moves towards the door.
“No, you said something…” Sherlock furrowed his eyebrows. “You think… you think Mycroft is trying to... set us up?”
Mrs Hudson looked confused, shaking her head at Sherlock in bewilderment.
proud to be slipping his hand into the world’s only consulting detective’s palm. Because no matter what happens now, he’ll always have this; these past few years, and specifically this evening, to cherish and in his memory forever.
“Alright,” Claire types something on her computer. “I’ll put the prescriptions through, and…” She clears her throat delicately. “What about yourself?”
Sherlock bent back down, he was concentrating before but now he blocked out everything else entirely, he wanted this to be one of the best he'd given John yet.
“Jesus,” John frowns and exhales through his nose as he peers around the glass divider to the kitchen. He eyes up all the dirty plates stacked up on the sides, the broken glass distributed across the floor. Splatters of dried blood.
“Stop.” Mycroft says, his voice suddenly deadly serious, almost unrecognisable. It cuts through all the noise in the room like a shard of ice.
“Oh thank god. John, John, he’s-”
John grumbles a word of thanks before pulling the covers over his arm and rolling over onto his chest, listening as the sound of his wife’s footsteps recede to the hallway. The night is still young, and only the dull orange light from street lamp outside illuminates the room. Silence swarms around him. He finds his gaze fixed on the shadows lying still on the floor, outlines cast by the furniture. For a moment he thinks he sees one of them move but then dismisses it. Why isn’t he sleeping?
“...what that felt like. But you pulled through, and I suppose that’s all that matters now. I just need to tell you that I’m sorry. Because there was a second there when I thought I wouldn’t get a chance to say it. ”
says goodbye.
John opens his eyes to see his friend sitting up helplessly, eyes wide, completely at loss for what to do.
'When would you like to meet up?’
“How, an earth-“ John began, his mouth falling open ever so slightly.
Sherlock’s eyes snapped up from the ground. “I don't!” He protested.
so-” He grabbed her by the shoulders and began to spin her around so she was facing the other way.
(See the end of the chapter for
But nothing other than the sound of his own voice echoes back at him.
A flicker of confusion. Sure she saw the orange light. She holds her hand up a little higher.
John smiled quietly to himself as he set out his things. It was a lovely evening, late summer, and the sunset shone beautifully through the bay window. The peachy light decorating the insides of the classroom with a delightful orange.
"Good, well I’ll see you next week.” He finished, turning away to begin collecting his things. He wasn't expecting Sherlock to say thank you, he never did. Instead he was just glad that the awkward encounter was over and he could finally go home.
They continued to make their way along the street, weaving through the bustling commuters and talented buskers as if they were the only two there. With the gentle hum of the city filling his ears and the world's only consulting detective walking by his side, John found he couldn't wipe the smile from his face. It was all pretty much...perfect.
?” John breathes suddenly, completely stunned. “On your back?”
I've been ashamed
"You had time to have a rest and a beer on the plane.”
Suddenly to Sherlock's surprise John thrust his hands into his hair again and pushed him faster. Sherlock remarked that there was now the slight annoyance of being out of time but he decided to go with it because he knew it was what John wanted and he was secretly pleased his teasing had finally made John completely lose his self-control, a rarity in the bedroom actually.
Still nothing.
‘How are you?’
"Oh!” Mrs Hudson gasped again as she stepped back. "Is John in there?" She mouthed dramatically, her attempt at whispering really quite appalling.
Can he be so bold? Should he be?
“John...”
Claire presses her hands together firmly. “Because, with all due respect Mr Holmes, last time simply administering methadone didn’t work. And that can’t happen again, can it?”
“No,” Mary wipes the drizzle from her helmet, smearing her vision briefly. “I’ll take Barts. You go south.”
“About?”
His heart gives a thump from deep inside his chest. Once, twice. Soon warm blood starts to flow through his veins. It’s all happening so fast. Bit by bit the dark room is getting smaller, the light is expanding; growing more and more by the second. He begins to hear things, feel things. There’s someone touching his face, someone’s forehead pressed against his. It’s not Moriarty, not this time. It’s someone
The tension lifts slightly.
He dips his head and finally meets John’s gaze. “I... promise.”
AU where Sherlock writes John a note to give to him just after the wedding. Lots of feels.
“Here, let me-”
She wavers. Turns to look at the exit.
She pulls the nearest box towards her and coughs as a large cloud of dust rises up in her face in retaliation. She smears away the grit from the corner and sees that it’s labelled simply as ‘
The kiss is delicate and slow. Just how John’s always wanted it to be. Their movements are so much softer than before. There is no longer the aching desperation the was felt in the drug den; the formidable sadness from the hospital; the attempt to savour every last sensation because they weren't sure they’d be lucky enough to experience it again.
“No Sherlock,” John stutters, backtracking, his mouth falling open slightly. “It doesn’t matter what I want? That’s not what I-”
“Is he talking?”
“Help…”
Mycroft smiles. “I’m surprised you’ve even heard of it.”
He takes a breath and starts to make his way back inside, back to the narrow corridor outside Sherlock’s hospital room. There’s no sign of John, he must still be in there, even the nurse has given up waiting outside the door.
Sherlock takes a breath. “Look, sorry I couldn’t make it. I - err” he clears his throat, “I sometimes get nervous about speaking to people, you know, at social events and err, well, I didn’t handle it very well and I guess-”
“Oh my…” The words get mumbled with the torch in his mouth. He drops it to the floor and pulls out his phone to call an ambulance.
John feels himself being tilted backwards. Sherlock’s strong arms supporting him and lowering him towards the ground. It’s all happening so fast, so quickly, that it takes him a moment to realise he’s actually about to be dip kissed.
Sherlock jolts suddenly, causing both Mycroft and John to jump violently. “No!” He gasps, “Don’t - don’t tell them that. Please...”
The first time it happened, was about a week since they'd officially been together.
“Sherlock,” He gasps, his voice just as much of a mess as his actions. “Is this alright? Is this what you want?”
John looks back over to him, breathless. The black curls of his hair have fallen into his eyes. His cheeks are as pale as ice. His lips struggle to retain any colour,  and his chest rises and falls unevenly. The arrogance is gone. Instead, John sees a man who is weak, injured. Exhausted and mentally unstable. He's long fallen over the edge of the clifftop, slipped into the abyss. Maybe he only resorted to drugs because he can't cope with it anymore, with seeing John with someone else. Because the light for him is gone. Because he wanted to make it all disappear. Maybe he only did it because-
She wanders over casually, biting her lip. Eyes flicking over every detail.
“Urrr, pfft.” Mary raises her eyebrows, faking a clueless expression. “I don’t know, maybe. You can try calling him.” She leans forward, taking Rosie’s hand and staring deep into her beautiful blue eyes. “I love you so much petal, I’ll be back soon. Mummy loves you. I’ll be thinking of-”
“But I’m also relieved,” John adds quickly, “And grateful. So bloody grateful that you’re alive.” He sits backwards, eyes turning soft. “Look, I know it’s difficult, Sherlock. I know that. And I don’t blame you. Mycroft doesn’t either, but
John whistled a silent sigh of relief. Sherlock was leaving and nothing wrong had happened. A smile broke out on his face as the tension drained from his body.
“John, John he’s-”
‘Are you sure private tutoring is a good idea?’
He thought he could handle this. He thought, perhaps, that he could let John Watson go.
“Yes,” Sherlock huffs, looking bored. “I am aware. I have done this before.”
“Do you feel sick?”
“Sorry.” He chuckled.
Hopefully my writing has improved over time so if you want better, longer pieces of work skip these first few chapters as I wrote them a while ago now.
“Oh, I think you do it to everyone, not just me.” John leans a little closer.
Mycroft says nothing, does nothing, except for pull the door closed silently behind him and cross slowly to the other side of the room to where a small green chair is waiting. He sinks into it heavily. Sits quietly for a moment before crossing his legs and threading his fingers together in front of him.
“Hey Sherlock, woah - I can help!”
“No I don’t
He gasps. He whimpers. He shakes and then... he crashes.
Mycroft as well. Anyone but him. His big brother. The one person who will be most disappointed, the most upset.
Thank you so much for reading. I personally thought this was terrible compared to the others, but hopefully you liked it anyhow. Please don't be afraid to tell me what you thought regardless!
“No.” Mary snaps. “Not her, your phone-”
If not he doesn't say. Their movements are still quickening, and they start to form a sort of rhythm, rutting against each other. Sherlock arching upwards and John grinding him back down into the sheets, a series of moans forming the backbeat.
“No no no." Sherlock croaks. "What are you doing?”
John tilted his head up to meet Sherlock's eyes more directly.
, John tells himself, repeating the words again and again in his head until he forgets how many times he’s said them.
“Oh.” John drops his arm instantly, a fresh wave of hurt flickering in his eyes; genuine sorrow. He steps back. “I’m sorry, Sherlock. I didn’t mean to spook you-”
“Please wait” Sherlock tried again, his voice desperate.
“This can’t be it. I love you.”
But the words hardly leave his lips, because now he’s panting and grinning too, and the ability to speak evades him. He gives up and lets his fingers curl around Sherlock’s as they continue to drift across the dance floor. They move effortlessly, easily, twisting and striding around each other, always together as one unit, blending into the crowd, slipping past everyone else.
“Sure?” John asked carefully, wishing Sherlock would stop hiding and look at him.
“No, um, I guess it is a bit soon anyway, to meet everyone, you know, we’ve only just got to know each other.”
“Me too.”
“No, no it's… fine.”
"Fine.” Sherlock rolls his eyes and twists his shirt out from beneath him. He hands it to John - wincing - before mustering the effort needed to shuffle out of his trousers. John moves round to his bedside, and the room is silent except for the sounds of the sheets rustling and the fabric scaping as Sherlock pulls it from his ankles. A section of trouser gets caught on Sherlock’s toe. Without thinking he bends forward to remove it and-
Sherlock lips curled up in a small smile.
John left shortly after, knowing he really had to get to the bottom of just
“The Rivoli Ballroom, please. It’s in the south-east.” Sherlock leans forwards and talks to the driver, agreeing the fare and suggesting directions. John sits back into his seat and tries very hard not to stare unabashedly at his flatmate’s arse. His tongue slips over his lower lip at the sight of those slim thighs and toned back muscles Sherlock's exquisite black suit deliberately fails to hide.
“Oh good,” Mrs Hudson’s face clears, and she smiles once more before disappearing down the stairs to the kitchen.
Because just like that, as if on cue, everyone starts to move
How can Sherlock possibly reply,
John takes a shallow breath and rubs at his temples. He stutters, trying to speak before deciding against it. It takes him a whole minute to form an answer. “A bit,” He mutters eventually. “Yes.”
“Your skull,” John prompts, looking over to where it lies cracked on the floor by the fireplace. “What happened to him?”
. There it is. The snide comment. John feels butterflies take flight in his stomach. From the pause that follows John guesses the same is happening to Sherlock too.
This works a LOT better if you read it on the computer instead of a phone, as I could not control the shape or size of the images which was irritating, and editing them all separately would've been far too time consuming, but hopefully you can look past that for me and lose yourself in the story anyhow.
Sherlock’s whole body starts to tremble.
“We have to tell her,” Sherlock whispers eventually, just to break the silence.
Sherlock just looks at her gravely, staring her down. His usually pale blue eyes are dark and heavy bags sag underneath them, the angle of the lamp causing shadows to cut across his face, sharpening his cheekbones and amplifying his features, his expression. It’s the way he’s looking at her. She’s never once seen him look so drained. So serious. His tired gaze melts steadily into her own and it takes her a while to recognise the look on his face, simply because it’s so unusual. So unlike him. It’s
The last three years turn over and over in her head. Memories rotating like a falling coin. Still, she cannot figure it out.
“Umm,” John eyes the selection longingly. It’s some of the best food he’s ever laid eyes on, but he’s not sure he would be able to eat it he’s so nervous. Sherlock senses his strained expression.
"Uhhh" John groaned, he hated forcing himself to be quiet. "Then why don't we move to-"
His mind feels white and vacant.
John knew he was now on the edge of orgasm, he took a deep breath and then suddenly he was gone, the feeling of it almost took him by surprise and he threaded his fingers roughly through Sherlock's hair and forced him deeper downwards as he came, making sure he swallowed. And that's when everything else blurred, his mind completely taken over with pure feeling. It was incredible and as John became lost in the moment, everything else seemed to vanish as he disappeared from the present and rode on the pure of ecstasy of it all.
sorry.”
He realises.
At that very moment the sound of heavy footsteps fills the room as the paramedics arrive, thundering up the stairs. They rush over, their green uniforms standing out oddly in the dark. There’s at least four of them carrying various different equipment. One holds a defibrillator and an oxygen mask, the other three lifting a stretcher. Mycroft shines his torch.
the one that calms all the government fuck ups - orders them out. Finds each one and untangles it neatly before hiding it far from away the public’s view. It’s work that never stops. Dots that don’t stay connected. A task that always needs to be re-assembled.
John blushed, his breath quickening as Sherlock moved closer to him. It still astounded him just how attracted he found himself to the young man. He was bisexual, that much had been established, but women had always been more his forte. So it was still a shock to him that the slightest mischievous smirk or the slow lick of lips from another man made his head spin in the way it did now. Honestly, he barely knew the person in front of him, but by
“Sherlock...I…”
How could she be so stupid.
She starts to walk away, back towards the door, towards and stairs and the empty street. Out into the night alone. It should feel like she’s saying goodbye as she turns away from them, away from all of it. But it doesn’t.
Another lengthy silence blankets them. Still, Sherlock bites his lip. Still, he does not know what to say. It’s like the wounds from dismantling Moriarty's network are reopening on his back. The bruises are reforming around his eyes.
, not really. Here he's surrounded by people dealing with real lives. Real everyday emergencies, not the kind of bizarre undercover work he's does.
“You’ve calmed him down a bit.”
Relief settles lightly in Sherlock’s stomach. Now supported by two people, not one, he finds he barely has to put any weight on the ground. Slowly, the pain starts to recede and becomes numb. Bearable at least.
Sherlock smiled back. “I’m glad you came in when you did.” He added.
“Ugh.” Sherlock groans.
It’s strange because the feeling has only come back again recently, a couple of weeks after Sherlock’s return. Before that John was actually moving on, progressing, finding alternatives. Rebuilding his life with Mary.
"Yes...?"
She slows as her phone vibrates in her pocket. The number shows up blank. The caller ID is masked. Standard practice.
It’ll have to do.
The first time they do it, Sherlock promises John that it’s fine.
But Mary is already gripping the handle, using her shoulder to barge the door open and-
“Yeah I’ll...oh I don’t know...” Mycroft watches as John clicks open his phone. He doesn’t mean to see the screen but he does.
John looks back up. His eyes now misty. His voice comes out as nothing more than a whisper. "But you don't understand... it's too late for all that, Mary's my wife. We have a child together now."
Time starts to feel slower. The steps to the flat are becoming fewer and fewer. The door is getting closer and closer. Her breath is becoming hard to keep steady.
“Well...I do- fuck.” He was cut off with a loud moan as Sherlock's hands pushed down between them to grab John’s very prominent erection that was already bulging tight against his trousers.
Sherlock’s fingers tremble at his sides. His lips quiver. The bedsheets feel cold, clammy, and he has to blink constantly to stop his eyes from filling with tears.
But Mary isn’t listening. She glances past him at Sherlock, who still hasn’t moved from his chair. “I…” She looks the detective up and down quickly, studying him, deducing anything she can. Dangerously pale cheeks. Dark bags under his eyes. Sweat layering forehead. Ill? Injured?
Sherlock shuts his eyes and thinks for a moment, running everything through in his mind.
“Then you know the drill.” Mark puts his jacket on the back of the desk chair and pushes his glasses further up his nose before he continues. Sherlock sits opposite him.
As the minutes tick by Sherlock starts to feel the tables turning, like sand draining through an hourglass. Slowly but surely he starts to slip from heaven to hell. To the darkest corners of his mind. To where the demons are waiting with their blood red eyes and snarling teeth.
In you and I
Then heavy footsteps, a hand on his shoulder.
He sits up carefully and turns so his back is facing John, his knees still hunched defensively to his chest. John hears him let out a shaky breath.
This was weird. Sherlock had to leave.
The atmosphere paused, tense, as the boy held John’s gaze briefly, his look of a similar manner, as if he was testing John.
He glances across to his phone on the bedside table. He could start with his brother. What would please him? What would he want him to do?
As the minutes continue to pass Mary starts to feel weak, lightheaded, and suddenly has the urge to find somewhere to sit down.
Today is clearing out day.
Croydon? So far from central London. An alleyway?
Sherlock risk his life tonight and nearly do all that to him again. How could he?
“What are you laughing at?” Sherlock gasped, his face also brightening with laughter and disbelief.
“Hello.”
“Did.”
The coat stopped. Sherlock backed up and turned the corner, walking to greet John with a rather pleasant smile on his face. "I found the paint that you wanted." He grinned, gesturing to the colourful tins stacked up in the metal shopping basket he was holding. “Avocado green, wasn’t it?”
Well, not last night.
The man pushed his glasses up his nose and began noting something down. John clicked onto the next slide.
"Most of it, yes."
John struggles to control the class and Sherlock can't help but defend him...
“But he’s-”
“Pfft,” Sherlock’s cute expression drops in an instant. “You two are getting on far too well for my liking.”
Thanks to everyone on Facebook who spurred me on with this fic and provided a lot of the photos. I do hope it was worth the wait.
John pulls back, his eyes wide and teary. He hesitates just inches from Sherlock's lips, lets their noses brush softly together.
He continued with the session, and it was minutes later before John dared to even peer at Sherlock. To his amusement he found that he had shrunk back into his seat and was slouched with his arms crossed, the pose quite closely resembling one of a five year old in a strop. If John wasn't so annoyed he would probably be laughing right now. It was ridiculously childish.
can you jus-" The student began again, louder this time, until suddenly he was abruptly cut off.
“Right…” John takes in the rest of the flat sadly, the memories of how it used to be appearing one by one in front of him. The image of the past falling before his eyes like a transparent stage curtain. He blinks it away quickly.
They take a few more slow, steady steps towards the hallway.
“Um perhaps, you...better go” He declared.
, now this and-
“John,”
"Oh god."
His gaze fixates on the sight of John’s open palms in front of him, the honey-coloured skin, smooth and firm. Soldier’s hands.
Sherlock inhales sharply as the entirety of the last seven years flash before him in an instant. The way John licked his lips at Angelo's. His plea on the tarmac at Barts, the crack of his voice. The fire in his eyes in the restaurant when he realised Sherlock wasn’t dead, the pure devastation. The way they held each other's gaze when they found out Mary was pregnant - when things could never be the same. The whole idea wasn’t just a ludicrous fantasy he made up, a ridiculous dream. John had actually felt something for him all these years, all this time.
“No, I really don’t think that would be the best idea.” John stated firmly, looking back up and making direct eye contact, trying to conceal any form of desperation from his eyes. The boy looked away and the class simultaneously broke out into a patronisingly disappointed “Ohhh”.
John wasn't letting this happen. This conversation. He didn't want to hear it - or think about it. He’d asked himself that same question many times and come to the conclusion that he did
“I actually…” He narrows his eyebrows. John notices his fingers are trembling, ever so slightly. “Well, I wanted to ask…”
The motorbike engine roars loudly beneath her. The wheels screech and spin and she flies around corners, across junctions, past pedestrians. Not stopping for anything. She squeezes through the gaps between cars, overtakes the buses trundling across Westminster Bridge.
Hello! I must warn you that this is very dark and violent. Please don't read if it might upset you - I don't want to do that to anyone! Enjoy!
“Right.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Don’t be.” Sherlock manages to choke.
Sherlock wakes very slowly, very gradually. All the wires in his brain steadily fusing together. It takes a while for him to realise where exactly he is.
The class went back to their usual murmurs, and John noted that Sherlock had retained himself back in his corner by the window.
So firstly thank you so much reading. Sorry this chapter is quite a lot longer than the others, I just got on a roll and couldn't stop. I really hope you enjoyed it. Please comment your feedback, I love hearing from you.
Their glasses clinked together, sparkling in the afternoon sun.
“You missed my birthday.” John raises his eyebrows, finally looking Sherlock in the eye.
"So, err," John coughed, struggling to untangle his words. "Why are you here Sherlock?"
“I noticed the faint outline of your shadow under the door when you approached, I could tell it was you.”
“Molly.” John replies, “She’s got Rosie, Mary’s gone off-grid.”
"Yeah.” Another student joined in, “What's it to you?”
Sherlock squeezes his fingers. “Tell me?”
“It's been awful,” Mrs Hudson whispers rather unsubtly as she arrives at his side. “Really awful since you left.” They both watch as Sherlock collapses himself into his chair and groans loudly. “He doesn't eat, doesn’t sleep.” She lowers her voice. “He
Oh, my
Sherlock mimics John’s emotional tone, “Well I just can’t believe we’re still having this conversation, John. It’s dull. Really dull.”
Yes,” Mycroft responds gravely, his pupils seeming to grow dark from the other side of the room. “That’s why I’m going now. Because you two have a
It’s mortifying. Horrifying - simply too humiliating for words. Sherlock wants it all to stop. So why on earth John thought he’d be up for meeting his entire family and friends at a birthday dinner is a mystery to him. Sherlock is quickly learning that sometimes John isn’t very logical. It’s getting quite irritating, to be honest.
“Thank you.” Sherlock smiles and takes the plate. He eats in silence as John searches the room for his socks and puts them on.
Sherlock began to trace a finger along John's lips, dragging the focus back onto him, and once he had it he kissed John’s neck for a while longer and then moved up and kissed his lips lightly. Suddenly he stopped and pulled back gently, stilling his hand and gazing wishfully into John’s eyes.
John's moans were low growls now and rather louder than Sherlock had originally asked for, but no matter, he had done well and there was little time left. He let his eyes flutter shut and braced himself for the end.
The floorboard comes free with a groan. Mary lets it clatter to the floor and thrusts her hand into the dark space beneath her. She fumbles around, a bit to the left, until her fingertips drift across cold metal. Something rounded, heavy. Her gun.
Self-loathing tugs at her, nibbling away at her thoughts. Why wasn’t she good enough for John? Was she not interesting enough? Not smart enough? Not arrogant enough? Or was she too much of all those things?
“Well... err, yes but,” John squints, struggling to explain why he’s suddenly so embarrassed when he doesn’t even understand himself. “I haven't seen you like
what's happening, and he intends to keep it that way. He only has to hold it together for that little bit longer, throughout the big day, and then that’s it.
210, North Wing, St Thomas' Hospital, London. That is exactly where she is. There’s absolutely no mistaking it.
But... it doesn't come.
"Same goes for you. But in my defence, I have been bored recently.”
John waited for everyone to leave the room before approaching Sherlock. The air now felt musky, for the sunset had finished and darkness had now begun fading across the room. It was almost silent now, the adults carrying all forms of noise with them. All that was left was the meek sound of John's footsteps and the flutter of Sherlock's breathing, which John noticed was becoming increasingly more ragged. He gulped, he had no idea what he was about to say but one thing was clear; an odd sort of tension had suddenly come about and John could almost feel it radiating between them both.
for the moment when John comes clean and tells him that it won’t work. That actually this is all just one big ugly mistake. That
Another long and bitter silence blankets the room. The clock ticks steadily above them. Mycroft wonders if perhaps he’s wasting his time.
“John…” Sherlock’s voice sounds meeker than a child's. “Would it be alright if we-”
John narrowed his eyes suspiciously.
Aahhh! Hello again! Unfortunately this chapter didn't come to me as naturally as the last one did, (it took a lot of long evenings and frustrated cups of tea), but I've done it. I wanted to get this whole story finished before S4 but sadly that's looking unlikely now, however, I'll still try! I really hope this is good enough because I feel like you've all got high expectations now! (eek) But anyway, enjoy!
The nurse drops her hands and steps back. Sherlock wishes he could read her face but he can’t turn his head far enough. The tone of her voice says all he needs to know anyway.
Still nothing.
“I’ll think I’ll be fine.” He mumbles, looking away.
think? For them to be together like this…so soon....
Sherlock has missed the birthday dinner, and he is clearly, not yet forgiven.
“Yes Sherlock, I’m here. I need to tell you…”
Sherlock tried hard not to look smug at his victory. He quickly swept past John and back through the door. As he entered the room he spotted the present from John on the floor, still unopened. His mouth curled up in a smile, in all the commotion he’d forgotten about that.
"Sherlock." He warned softly. "Is there something you want to tell me?"
"Я хочу кое-что знать,” He whispers softly.
“Sherlock…”
“Well I would've tidied if I'd known this was going to happen,” Sherlock grumbles, following his gaze. He frees himself from John’s grip and stumbles over to his chair unaided. “No point most of the time though. It’s been at least a month since you were last here.” He kicks a suspicious looking package out of sight with his foot.
How did they get
John only catches small glimpses of everything as he whizzes past it. Because it’s all moving so quickly, and with such
this. It feels like she might actually explode with apprehension, with the anxiety of it all. She can’t wait a single second longer.
But the words feel very far away, as if she’s in a bubble drifting away from the real world. She can’t believe it.
He shifts his attention back to Mary and pulls her arm towards him - without asking - to get a better look at her elbows. He pushes her jacket from her shoulders, revealing red patches on her jumper, indications of where blood has seeped through. Blobs of dirt and dust from the road decorate the blue fabric. She holds still as he rolls up her sleeves carefully.
Sherlock takes another long sip of his drink. “Since I could walk. Mycroft thought it was ridiculous though. As did Father.”
“No, we will be here,” Mycroft states firmly. “We’re not going anywhere.”
“So, what was it you wanted to ask me?” John asks, as they shrug on their coats outside the cloakroom. He smiles as yet another person passes and gives him a hearty pat on the back. For the rest of the evening, they have not had a chance to speak for people have been so busy coming over and singing their praises.
“Come on John, let me in.”
an adventure," Sherlock says quietly.
Sherlock’s finger twitches. “John…?” The words are barely a whisper.
Mycroft steps in his path, his voice turning softer, his words solemn.
It was a moment before either of them moved. A pause of mutual relief. Sherlock moved slowly to turn the light back on.
John ignored him and continued moving towards the door.
“Well that makes one of us.” John crosses his arms and sighs with relief when Mycroft renters the room. “He’s gone silly, Mycroft.” He says, gesturing to the mess of a man on the sofa. “Is that supposed to happen?”
John watched his posture relax slightly and he uncured his arms, placing them on his lap.
“-then he’d escape.” Mycroft sighs. “Simple as that.”
“Of course I can walk.” Sherlock grunts as they begin to stumble forwards, “Besides, it’s a bit late for that now.”
“You soppy thing.”
He wanted Sherlock to keep looking at him like that, like he was
He didn't need defense...well. He didn't want Sherlock to put himself in the firing line for him anyway, and clearly he was now, as the reaction from the boys was one of outrage. The shouted and swore, banging on the tables with their fists.
It took a moment for what Sherlock was saying to actually sink in.
“Oh… Jesus.”
"Right well, I'll err see you next lesson." He stood up and smiled at Sherlock, his polite teacher smile, nothing more.
“Yes, yes! I-”
“Yes,” John interrupts sharply. Because just hearing his wife’s name
For a moment Sherlock paused, leaving his warm breath to surround John, and the heat was so unbearably irresistible that John couldn’t bear it any longer.
Sherlock’s voice comes out low and dangerous, like a growl of an injured wolf. His eyes flicker to the door, to the corridor. “You know why.”
“...what have you…”
“Would you like to have this conversation in a private consultation room?”
"I know. But you know that's not the truth, not all of it. Admit it, you feel for him, you-
“Would you like honey on it this time?” John calls.
“Rose,” A man’s voice drawls from the end of the phone, deep and throaty. A thick Romanian accent. “It’s been a while,”
What if for once this is a crisis that he cannot solve, a wrong he can’t right. What if Sherlock dies, right here, in this disgusting place, before Mycroft ever gets the chance to tell him how sorry he is, how much he wishes things were different. What if-
“You might want to sit down.”
The man starts pushing the knife further, shouting, his horrible hot breath steaming over Sherlock’s face, demanding that he speaks.
A venomous laugh vibrates inside his ears as the image of Jim sliding a blood-soaked tongue over his lips flickers before him. The world's only consulting criminal moves closer, his imaginary thighs straddling Sherlock’s hips as the blood from his mouth drips steadily from his pale skin. His eyes flame brighter than Sherlock’s ever seen them.
I hope you liked it! know I said in the last chapter notes that this was going to be happy oops! Sorry! I'll try and make the next one fluffy smut ;) If you have any requests please pop them below. Don't hesitate to tell me what you thought!
“What for?” Sherlock asked in a low voice, still looking John directly in the eyes.
? That’s incredible. You're just-" John decided to cut himself off before he said something embarrassing. The table fell silent, and he smiled gently to himself before taking another sip of his beer. This, right now, was
A tingling runs itself all the way along Mary’s back. She can't
Sherlock's face broke out into a grin. "Maybe."
The piano notes tinkle as the pair continue to soar and glide across the room, always in perfect rhythm, guided by Sherlock’s strong hand, until the music gradually slows. The pace drops off as the orchestra soften their strokes, quietening the melody and winding everything and everyone down.
“Ooh, your voice doesn’t sound too good.” A nurse with short black hair and a faded blue uniform is moving towards him, her words soft and gentle. Her perfume reminds him faintly of Molly. “You haven't been asleep very long.”
He pulled on Sherlock's lower lip slowly and murmured. “Hmmm, I suppose you do…”
, alone.
Mrs Hudson pulls back, her eyes shining. John’s never seen her look so hopeful.
He moans and convulses as the drugs begin to take effect. They make him swallow air, gasp frantically as he loses control over his nerve actions. It’s like his mind is finally backing into a corner, being forced to shut down. Trapped.
“So, we’re back to simple medication again, is that what you’re saying?”
“I don’t care.” Sherlock protests. “I need a cuddle.”
He won’t let them down.
His heart stops beating.
, to make this less awkward. When suddenly it occurred to him that he did in fact know the answer to the question.
“But I’ve got work on Monday,” Molly stammers. “I won’t get it off.”
John withdraws his hand. His finger hovers for a moment as he rereads the message, double-checking it one last time.
“He’s not listening.” Mycroft mutters, the panic starting to return to his body, burn through his veins.
Once again thank you. I'm not in a great place right now and sometimes your support is literally what keeps my writing going. <3 I can't wait to see what you thought!
Not just looking at him and catching a smile every so often. No, that was normal. But glancing nervously in his direction before flicking his eyes away and staring off into the distance warily. Then biting his lip and faking a smile, acting like nothing was wrong at all.
“Got it. I’ll head west to Barts.”
The atmosphere shifts. The water is starting to reach their knees, always ascending…
“I just wanted to… touch and I…”
“Sherlock?”
Oh gosh I know I'm sorry about the cliffhanger. I'll try update as soon as possible I promise. Please leave a comment if you enjoyed!
John hears nothing.
“Maybe.” Sherlock smiles weakly. The room is spinning.
John glanced at the stack of papers in front of him.
Hello, I'm back again. I hope you enjoy this very sweet chapter, I really enjoyed being more descriptive this time.
It’s nearly 5am now and the world is waking up again. The roads are filling with trucks and lorries, rolling past with early deliveries. The shallow sunrise reflects in the rain on the wet tarmac. Water dampens the tips of her shoes.
“Sorry.” He blurts out, his voice wobbling and breaking like a childs. “I’m so sorry.”
Well, it wouldn't be Sherlock if it wasn't ridiculously dramatic right? I've somehow made myself feel really quite sorry for Mary now?! Which was never the plan but anyway, I promise the big showdown scene will happen in the next chapter. Again, thank you for being so patient and lovely.
He blinks.
“Are you angry?”
Sherlock blinks, stalling. It takes his brain a moment to actually process the words.
“Wow” John whistled as Sherlock undid the binders that trapped hundreds of pages of work in place. As Sherlock quickly skimmed through it to get to the right section, John’s mouth fell open as his eyes flickered over pages and pages of scrawled writing, decorated with what looked like occasional equations and experiment diagrams.
He threads his fingers into Sherlock’s hair and starts to rub reassuring circles into the detective’s scalp.
Mycroft narrows his eyebrows, taken aback. Offended, almost. “What about... me?”
"What about that one there?" Sherlock asked, pointing in the direction of a restaurant at the top of the street.
I got you something”.
The crackle of a radio. Incessant beeping. Someone’s hand on his shoulder. A face comes into vision, twisting and hazy. Shaved blonde hair.
“But it just feels like I’ve known you forever, and so I thought we could - you know, but it doesn’t matter.”
The photos seem to end rather abruptly there, and the rest of the album is usually empty. There was so much more space, yet it wasn't filled. She tilts her head to the side, confused, desperate for more. About what time would that have been? 2011 now...2012? - She picks up the next album - that was the period where Sherlock supposedly 'died' so it makes sense that there wouldn't be anything else until late 2014 but...
But Mycroft is already walking away, his knees threatening to give way underneath him. He heads straight to the door, out into the empty darkness of the hallway.
“I can’t believe you don’t want to come.”
John was grateful the attention was no longer on him as his mouth had slipped right open.
look at him, he's actually made notes."
She tilts her head backwards and blinks, twice. Tears starting to collect in the corner of her eyes. Her head aching. There is a lot to decipher from that message.
“I have taken it before,” the detective reiterates.
It hadn’t actually occurred to her that there might be photos of
Sherlock curls his hand around John’s fingers to stop them twitching. “Ok, thank you. That will be all.”
“Is that what they did to you while you were away?!”
“No” John began adamantly, “It’s fine, I don’t-” He stopped himself when he realised Sherlock was no longer listening. Instead he’d dropped down to his bag, fiddling frantically to undo the strap.
Sherlock smiled faintly, seeming to understand John’s unspoken explanation. He took a breath, before clasping his hands together in front of him and tilting his head up ever so slightly, his usual confidence rebuilding itself with every passing minute. “I suppose…I should say thank you.” He said loudly, smiling at John pleasantly and flicking his hair from his eyes.
He looks bitterly disappointed, upset, relieved, heartbroken, anxious. All at once. A million emotions flicker through his eyes, start to conflict against each other, resist. It’s strokes of everything anyone’s ever felt, all merging together like paint. It's colour impossible to chart, a mental state unable to be labelled. Overall, he just looks
“Last night?”
“Oh.” Sherlock’s face softens and he smiles carefully, searching the other man’s face.
He sighs. It’s a small gesture, but perhaps he could text him and let him know he’s ok. He picks up his phone and stares at the screen. It takes him a long time to force any words through his thumbs.
“Shh.” John throws up a hand and silences Mycroft immediately, not even bothering to turn his head and face him. He cranes his neck. “What did you say sorry Sherlock? Who are you talking about…?”
“Yes.”
John laughed then, unable to prevent a smile from breaking out onto his lips. “That’s only because he knows you have the rest of the world on mute half the time. Come on then you idiot,” He reached out and tugged at Sherlock’s hand, beginning to lead them in the direction of the reception desk. “Let’s go and get him.”
? About the scars and the…” he gulps. “...Torture. Afterwards, I mean.”
They dart through a wooden door to their left. Even in the dark, Mycroft can tell it’s a sizable room, with high ceilings and moonlight streaming in from bay windows at either end.
Mycroft almost does faint then, relief hitting him with the impact of an earthquake or a tidal wave; the feeling flushing through every single cell of his body. The fists squeezing his heart let go. His lungs fill with cool, fresh air.
“Speak for yourself!” Sherlock scoffs.
It went on for a minute or so before suddenly, an alarming thought occurred to John, interrupting the bliss. He propped himself up on his elbows once more and gazed down to Sherlock.
A bead of sweat trickles down Sherlock’s pale forehead. John’s fingers dig sharply into his palms.
Sherlock’s heart sinks, all the way down to the very bottom of his chest.
There’s never been so much data to process.
“Earth to John,” Sherlock has to shout a bit to be heard over the music. “Are you ok?”
Hi guys! So, I'm really interested to see what you think about this chapter, to be honest, I'm super proud of it. I hope you enjoy!
anything!” John is yelling. “I don’t understand-”
“Sounds interesting…” John continued, meaning every word. “Is this all your own work?”
“Now, I know for a fact that Mrs Hudson is in and since we’re not in the bedroom you’ll have to be quiet.”
“Don’t be so boring John,
“So…” He waits for a long moment, looking up at the clock ticking steadily at the other corner of the room.
“Just to clarify…” Sherlock’s voice turns as timid as a child’s. Fear and dread and various other things Mycroft can’t label flickering in his eyes.
Suddenly Sherlock can’t bear the silence any longer.
more, before the corner of his lips turned up in a bright smile. "Yes." He nodded. "Yes, it's...fine."
Sherlock blinks. “It’s fine, really. The last person I blame for any of this is you. I should be the one apologising.”
I know…but," John sighed heavily, "There's just something odd about all this. I mean, that hotel room he booked is
John couldn't help but smile back at him.
said finally, looking into John's eyes properly.
“Shit”. John swore under his breath before reaching out to try and collect some of Sherlock’s papers.
“I’ve promised I won’t.” Sherlock finally replies. He raises his head, solemn, the arrogance behind his eyes gone. “This is the last time. And erm, I’m sorry, I’m sorry you think I overlook you. I don’t.”
“It's not though, is it?” John looks at the scars again: hundreds of small red marks, evidence of weeks of torture and humiliation. “You went through so much, and I sat here, in bloody England, doing… well doing fucking nothing!” he shakes his head and rubs his eyes to stop a fresh wave of tears from filling them. “I wish I'd known, Sherlock. I really do. I could have helped you. I could have done something. Why didn't you tell me?”
“Just stop it the pair of you. Look at yourselves.
The younger man didn't seem to hear, for he finished gathering his things and slung his satchel over his shoulder, hiding his eyes underneath his fringe and moving quite quickly towards the door.
“Don’t!” The touch almost makes Sherlock recoil; like a slap in the face. His voice comes out desperate and helpless. “Please, don’t touch me.”
Sherlock throws his hands to his face, whimpering quietly as more tears trickle down from the corners of his closed eyes. He can’t
It clicks quietly behind him.
“Mycroft?”
“Yes,” John grasps Sherlock’s hand and squeezes it gently. “Yes it’s me. I’m here - I’m with you. It’s going to be okay...he’s not
“I haven’t.” He stammers.
The second she leaves a cold silence blankets them, so tense it's like there's an invisible force pressing inwards. Every minute seems to drag past painfully. It's like John can hear a clock ticking in his mind. A timer counting down to an explosion, but no one has the power to stop it.
Mycroft closes his eyes and takes a deep breath. His fingers tighten around each other on his lap. He wants to say,
Panic rises and falls in her chest. What if John isn't fine? What if Mycroft is lying about that too? What an earth has happened that she can't be part of?
He lifts his head and speaks quickly. “Let's get out of here.”
“Yes um…” Sherlock’s voice tremors slightly as he speaks. “I was going to ask you about that actually…”
"He is, he's a complete pushover. Can't control us at all." The jeering voice of another student replied, his laughter ringing out across the classroom.
I don't exactly know the ending of this would've turned out.
In my heart, in this cold heart
At this point, she’s tired of trying to figure everything out, exhausted by it even. Nothing makes sense.
She feels calm, focused. On track.
He stops himself abruptly when he sees the look of pure shock that has settled over Sherlock’s face.
“But when... I...” John can’t stop himself from running back over everything in his mind, back to the day at the restaurant, when they saw each other again. “I... I hit you...I pushed you to the ground and… on your back…that must have been excruciating.”
Sherlock gives him a small nod.
“Yes,” Mycroft replies anxiously. “Of course. I’ll err...try not to be too long because obviously you know, you - you two need to-”
John blinked, and before he had time to decode his thoughts, "I
They say nothing.
“Alright” He replied knowingly, the corner of his mouth turning up in a small smile. “But you know I don’t appreciate surprise’s John.”
“Deleted them?” John asked quizzically.
to go away otherwise Moriarty would have killed you. I had to dismantle his
“Right.” Sherlock stares into space silently, remembering.
“No!” Dread instantly fills every single pore of Sherlock’s body once again, rises through him like a flood. “Don’t go out there. Don’t tell them I’m awake. Just say I’m dead, or in a coma or something. Just get them to leave. Anything.”
"No." Sherlock clamped his hand over John's mouth. "Right here. Right now."
“I feel guilty.” John finally stutters. “Because of Mary, I feel awful that we did stuff so soon, it feels disrespectful and...wrong. I don’t know.”
It's probably the worst he's ever been.
John felt a small wave of dizziness pass over him. Were they really talking about this? After all this time, was Sherlock really inferring, that the pair of them were going to be romantically involved in some way?
Sherlock catches John’s eye from the sofa. “I do feel a bit better.”
John sinks down into the bed.
“Huh,” John turned away and looked down at the pavement, "He better not be trying to set us up..." He muttered the words silently under his breath.
John didn’t even blink.
He’s gone.
“Ok, you may be sick several times in the next few hours.” Mark leans down to his suitcase and gets out the instrument used to measure blood pressure. Sherlock rolls up his sleeve. “The methadone will help subside these symptoms a little but it’s still going to be difficult. The cravings are strongest in the first 24 to 48 hours, and this is when relapse is most likely. I take it you’re not going to be alone?”
“What did you have in mind?” John murmured, his voice also dropping in pitch and his eyes flickering down to Sherlock’s lips which were now alarmingly close to his own.
“A few.”
John looks up. “How do you mean?”
“Mycroft. Mycroft wait...I think he just moved, he-”
“Hm,” She mutters under her breath, eyes drifting over the different locations on the board, “Where to go...”
“No,” The word leaves Mary’s mouth automatically before she even has a chance to stop it. She scoffs lightly and resists the urge to roll her eyes, trying to hide the storm of panic building on the inside. “Just tell me.”
Moriarty himself is fading into the shadows, arms spread wide; his whole body vanishing slowly except for his eyes which gleam a dark red. His lips twist up into a crooked smile.
“Do you want me now love?” Sherlock cooed gently.
Mycroft looks away and shakes his head ever so slightly. His nails dig sharply into his palm, hard enough to leave bruises. “No one can handle that Sherlock.” He hisses through gritted teeth. “Not even you.”
John’s throat went dry.
“What!?”
His world tilts and wavers, the fringes of his vision start to blur, all signs of a panic attack. How can this be real? Is he hallucinating? Is John actually saying this? Doing this? After all this time?
Three words drip down steadily from somewhere above. Like dust settling on books or delicate drops of rain tapping the floor. They travel steadily through the darkness, like a record stuck on repeat. They’re coming from a desperate voice, a familiar voice. Surely it can’t be…?
“I know.” Sherlock sighs, and the tension in the room lifts. “I know. I realise that now.”
Mycroft shivers uncomfortably, as if someone was pouring cold water down his back. His throat feels drier than sandpaper.
John coughed loudly, forcing himself to try and maintain some order.
"I'm glad." He whispered into John's chest.
