Sherlock looked over at John from the couch, a rare smile gracing his face. “A date.”
“Sherlock,” John sighed, sitting heavily on the couch. “You can’t just-- say that.”
“You should be able to take him home in about a half hour. We just want to make sure his temperature goes down first.” John nodded, and the doctor left and closed the door.
John’s eyebrows shot up. “Oh?”
John raised his eyebrows at Sherlock and blinked in surprise. He started walking over toward him.
“No.”
John glanced up from the computer at Sherlock stomping about in his dressing gown and pajama bottoms.
Once the notes were out on the desk, Sherlock and Alex bent over them.
“I’m sorry,” was the first thing he croaked.
“Uh, he’s not home. Hasn’t been since Monday, actually.”
“They… Why they?” Sherlock muttered.
Sherlock apparently took advantage of that open invitation rather quickly. John was nearly asleep when he heard a dull thud from downstairs.
John turned right around and walked back out the door.
“Hello?”
“He didn’t figure out that you want him,” the other half pointed out.
“Greg, mate, I’m calling in that favor you promised,” John said. He glanced down both hallways off the living room to double check that Sherlock really wasn’t home.
But John wasn’t listening, he was running his hand further along the thigh, his other hand joining the exploration to push his thighs further open on the sofa. John looked up at him again to check, and then leaned down to press a heartbreakingly gentle kiss to the marks closest to his knee. Sherlock’s breath caught above him.
“And you,”
“Oh, well, good then. Have you come to a conclusion?” John sat in his armchair but angled himself toward the couch to see Sherlock.
“What’s this then?” John asked with forced cheerfulness.
“Ah, Teddy, delighted,” Sherlock reached out to shake his hand. “And mister Hargrove, I presume?”
“Yeah, the worst part was waiting while he recovered. Sherlock bored and on forcive bed rest? Not a good combination. I wanted to tie him up just to stop him tearing the flat apart.”
“Oh.” John felt rather strange. Like his stomach was being shrink wrapped with warm plastic. “Are we… happy about that?”
Sherlock made eye contact with him over the body. “Bingo. We’ve got our lead.”
“Yes, good, Sherlock, I’m a doctor. An army doctor, in fact,” John smiled like he was explaining things to a child. He couldn’t wait to relay this all to Greg later.
John looked up at him. What Sherlock saw in those eyes made his chest feel like strangled fire.
Sherlock shrugged, crossing his legs and looking away from John toward the window before answering in an airy tone, “Oh yes, Alex always wears a condom.”
“No. The solution is very easy, I can’t believe I didn’t see it in the first place. Years ago, really.”
John nodded.
John sat down in his armchair and picked up the paper idly. “So you’re dating? Like, official? Boyfriends, are we?”
“It was when I’d just joined up, he was my ROTC trainer at the college. I guess he’s moved on to a bigger university now.”
Sherlock whipped his head around. “It’s him! Bring him up to show his hand!”
But Sherlock was there. Sherlock was sprawled out on the sofa, long limbs draped over the back and armrests like a big pale octopus, thin hands shifting a newspaper down so he could see the doorway.
John jumped when a deep voice chuckled from the shadows. “Well, we’re learning all these dances, are we not?”
Or at least, John didn’t believe a word of it until he was putting away the step stools that rich people used to get in their carriage since stepping on a servant’s back was just an inch too far and watched the servant girl chasing after the retreating carriage. He watched her collapse dramatically on the bench of the fountain and sob loudly.
He’d actually also rather like to have a ticker tape coming out. A live feed of every erroneous conclusion Sherlock came to before he reached the right one. John, being a fairly confident man, and backed by some evidence from Stamford and Lestrade, knew what conclusion Sherlock could come to-- that he was in fact, attracted to John.
“No, Sherlock, you won’t. I won’t let you, actually.” Sherlock whipped his head to stare at John, body slowly turning to follow.
John was stunned speechless. He stared at Sherlock with his mouth open. Again, trying to smirk through wads of cotton, Sherlock removed his hand and pressed his wrists together between them. “Well then, lock me up. I don’t think I’d mind it this time if you put me in the cuffs.”
John occasionally wished that his flatmate ran on a different operating system. Surely even Windows 98 could move faster than Sherlock when it came to “thinking”, because for that, Sherlock laid on a couch and didn’t move for days, continuously applying and dis-applying nicotine patches.
“Stop calling me that.”
Neither Alex nor John made any move to shake each other’s hand.
“Budge up, lovely,” John said, swatting at Sherlock’s hips.
John paused in soaping up his loofah. Well, that all sounded rather like things he did with Sherlock already. The only thing missing was physical contact, really.
“Going out?”
“No, we don’t, but there’s a dental surgery down on Bridgeton, can’t miss it.” Doctor Robinson bent around John to say goodbye to Sherlock, who was now slumped across the chair next to him, eyes closed and clearly exhausted. “Better to take a cab, I think.”
“You’re telling the truth,” Sherlock’s eyes were wide and shining in awe. “You really believe that.”
“Real quickly, you do know that the Lestrade thing was three days ago, and not this morning, right?”
Sherlock’s eyes flashed to John’s body, roving up and down, then back at the cuffs. His eyebrows were intensely furrowed. Finally, when he looked down at the cuffs, and then right into John’s eyes, the memory clicked in place. Sherlock’s face flooded with color, and his ducked his head.
“Oh… kay, I’ll just. Go and have a lie down then.” John felt out of his element here. He wasn’t used to Sherlock having guests over.
Sherlock grunted in irritation, pulling his phone out of his pocket. He looked at the screen and turned off the ringer without answering the call. John caught his eye across the scene, nodding slightly to acknowledge that they both knew it was Alex.
Lestrade sighed. “What is it?”
“Oh, as good as can be expected. Rubbing sniffly noses, assuaging WebMD fears, the usual down at the clinic.”
Was that fucking scots gaelic? Oh this Macfucker was moving up the shitlist like a champion racehorse. Pretentious, probably kilt-owning--
“So what college is he at now, since it clearly isn’t the same one you attended?”
“I’ll take the case. Tell him we’ll drive to whatever school he attends.”
It looked like part of the ballroom was dedicated to dancing, and part of the ballroom had an elevated section, with a few steps up to it. The elevated section held four chairs, and even from across the room and the press of bodies, John could tell what they were. A large throne for the king, accompanied by a smaller companion for the queen, and two chairs flanking them for each prince.
“You have a fever.”
They walked down the street a few blocks, John huffing to keep up with Sherlock stomping at the speed of stroppiness. “So what was that about?”
Sherlock complied without thinking, lifting his bum off the sofa before his hands caught up to his brain and captured both of John’s wrists. John looked askance up at him.
“I’m not a stock trader, and yes, I have.”
“Sherlock, what a surprise to see you here!” Alex exclaimed, shaking his hand with rather more warmness than was called for in the situation. “And the good doctor Watson.”
“A date?” John said.
“Oh, right! Well, we haven’t met yet, I’m Doctor Robinson. I just started on Monday.”
Sherlock didn’t bring him back to the flat after that first night, though, and for that, John was grateful. He felt all clenched up whenever he was near the man. John didn’t have a mind palace, but on his running shitlist he upgraded the Macfucker from “mildly irritating” to “in need of chinning”. The next step would be, “he should’ve been disciplined as a child but the second best time would be now and by myself”.
John hummed. He’d never considered that.
“Excitement?”
John smiled at Lestrade and stage whispered, “Thanks,” before following down the staircase.
Alex’s irritated huff of laughter echoed down the phone and made John want to hit something. “I really wish he would.”
“‘You’re next’? ‘Coming for you’?” John asked Lestrade. “What does this mean?”
Oh! John stood up quickly in excitement. The picture was taken through glass that had a smudge on it. The photo itself had captured a smudge.
Greg chuckled. “Well if you ever need to borrow a set of cuffs, just let me know.”
“We have tea.” Sherlock said, still focused on professor Cameron.
Sherlock dropped a hand from his chin to snatch a water bottle from the side of the couch and rattle it at John. John almost dropped his cup of tea in shock-- it was the first time Sherlock had moved or spoken since he’d come back from the homework case.
Externally, John was mostly calm, save a brief flaring of nostrils. Internally, the Macfucker was waving a red flag and John was a bull blowing hot air around a nose ring.
And that’s how John ended up waiting in the clinic plastic chairs will Sherlock walked to an examination room, wearing only his pajamas and his long coat over. He really did look like a child.
John leaned over the mountain of trash around the desk, mostly food wrappers and empty soda bottles, but also-- John noted with disgust-- crumpled tissues. He pulled a glove out of his pocket that he’d nicked from the scene, and clicked the computer mouse in front of the frankly monstrously large desktop. The screen lit up immediately, displaying all of the windows that had been open recently.
“But see, before now I didn’t-- wait,” John gave Mike a disbelieving look. “That’s why you introduced us? You thought we would date?”
Sherlock blinked again, this time in a mildly offended way.
John blinked. “What?”
“Hey, do you have any plans tonight?”
Sherlock and John were walking back across the green to the main road, munching on some food from the campus cafe, when John spotted a familiar figure coming the opposite way down their path.
“You did, in a way.”
Sherlock hummed in acknowledgement.
“Hello, John,” he said.
John, by the time he’s invalided from the army, has grown used to this. For a while, in his teens, when he realized that what he was learning wasn’t normal, he wrestled with the concept. He wondered if it was an assignment from a higher power, that he was supposed to do something with all of these people’s closet skeletons.
John hummed, not quite understanding. “Could you give us an example?”
Well. Good. John laid back down. He made the executive decision in his brain to not look too closely at the feelings that had brought up.
John was nervous as he walked into the lab. He always felt a prick of dread at meeting new people-- what if this was the one that confessed they were a serial killer?
“She was trying to get you as a sugar daddy before she saw you head back to the GP area and realized you were poor, too.”
“Jesus,” John said. There were spray-painted messages on the wall, letters about the length of an arm, that spewed various threatening messages.
“Well I,” John swallowed, and then realizing that lying was a futile maneuver, said, “Yes, you’re right, I don’t.”
Sherlock shook his head, eyebrows raised. “No memory of it. I was rather… high on excitement that evening.”
“We’ve met, actually,” the man replied, shaking his hand. He had a soft Scottish burr. “Don’t you remember the Pythagoras case?”
“I see you finally used your backup,” Alex said. His smile looked rather more like just showing teeth at this point.
“Oh. Uh, what are you up to?”
“It’d have to be a perfect storm for this to work out. You’d have to admit you might not be entirely straight, he’d have to break up with a man he seems perfectly happy with, AND he’d have to be attracted to you in turn. What are the chances?”
A crime came just a few days later.
Sherlock snorted. “No, John, I actually enjoy Alex’s company. Very much so.”
“I won’t,” John blurted out.
“Maybe he actually hates us and is just too nice to ask us to move out.”
“Let’s see, a man… from Tinder?”
“Listen, we really only have one chance here. If we want Sherlock, all of him, the relationship part, we need to take things slowly. Take Sherlock to the movies, romance him, a gentle kiss on the stairs, a nice snog on the couch, and then maybe, a few weeks from now, we’ll be able to slide home in that glorious ass and be together forever.”
“Is it the-- the people downstairs, did they warn us before they died?” Lestrade asked.
John snorted, causing Sherlock and Wilkney to look over at him. He shook his head to dismiss the thought.
“Greg, hello,” John said amicably, stepping over to be almost shoulder to shoulder to the detective inspector.
“Not interested.”
John leaned down and captured his mouth in a bruising, passionate kiss. He poured every promise into it, trying to show Sherlock that as much as he accepted his past and loved him as he was, that he’d never let him fall into that hole again.
“Ah, so you are an imbecile then! Let’s enter these ourselves then, if you’re so sure.”
“If he hadn’t given her the pills, if he’d made her take the poison like the rest of them, he’d be gone by now. We wouldn’t have found him so quickly, he might have already assumed a new identity by the time we connected it.” Sherlock said.
Sherlock nodded tiredly, leaning against the side of the cab on the ride home.
“Surprisingly, this is one area in which you are exceedingly—Oh, fuck!” Sherlock’s rare compliment was cut off as John’s mouth closed around the head of his cock. John would’ve smiled with vindication, but his mouth was rather occupied.
“I don’t think you can get any more familiar with a person than you did last night,” Sherlock pointed out.
Chris Atcher was a charming kid. Even in handcuffs, skin and hair greasy with lack of washing, and athletic body destroyed by ten hours of internet browsing a day, he was getting sympathy from the officers arresting him.
Another clumsy, convulsive wink. John was over the discomfort now, overwhelmed by the hysteria of the situation. He was just along for the ride now.
Sherlock snapped his head over, iphone still dangling over him. “I’m not a princess!”
“He sees us.”
“Sherlock, John, we need you immediately. Mass murder.” Lestrade bent over in the door frame, catching his breath from running up the stairs. “Did you really not hear me coming up?”
John, in his reminiscence in future years, would wish that their first time together wasn’t frantically humping each other on the sofa like randy teenagers. He really did wish he’d taken just a few moments more to consider, to take Sherlock out for dinner, and have wine together, and laugh with each other before rubbing off together on the sofa like randy teenagers. But really, who could blame him? He’d had a whole two months of awareness of Sherlock’s sexual identity and a subsequent two months of torturous sitting it out while the Macfucker sodomized his true love.
John smiled up at him. “I know.”
John wanted to get closer-- it looked like the throne for the younger prince was empty, which might be interesting, but a complicated dance stood between him and the throne platform. It seemed like every member of the gentry knew all the steps to this line dance, but John knows he would fumble it entirely.
“I could be. I could be into whatever you like.”
“I don’t.”
“Yeah, but you made the same mistake he did. You owe him an apology.”
Sherlock’s eyes refocused on John. It was strange, seeing the way they narrowed like they normally do when he was deducing something particularly hard. John knew his brain must be quite foggy from the drugs right now, so it was like watching gears struggling to turn.
“You named the skull Billy?”
Sherlock froze, eyes going into a deductive squint as he roved down John’s chest to rest on the dog tags. He pulled his gaze back up to John’s eyes. “You were in there for forty-five minutes. I was worried you had drowned.”
An idea, a brilliant, brilliant idea, occurred to John. He scrambled out of the shower and yanked open the linen closet, rifling through the back area behind the towels. He’d hidden it there, where Sherlock never looked since Sherlock never replaced the towels and always took the one on the bar.
“Pardon?” the disappointment of Sherlock and Alex not breaking up was befuddling his brain.
Sherlock also nodded, seeming a bit hypnotized. John took pity on him, leaned forward, placed a hand on his neck (he was happy to note that the pulse against his palm was racing), and kissed Sherlock full on the lips.
“No, I imagine not, since I’ve already been stood up here for a half hour.”
Word traveled far, even without being able to read the newspaper (John had taught himself how to read from some bibles he’d found along his life’s road from the orphanage to the stables), and news of the royal family traveled faster. The most eligible was the younger brother, the heir was mentioned more rarely, and only in disappointment. Those who had seen the younger prince, or had seen his portrait in the royal gallery, said he was unusually handsome--emphasis on the unusual. He was, reportedly, anywhere from 5’10” to 6’4”, had brown or perhaps black hair, which was definitely curly or at least wavy, blue eyes that could be gray or green or perhaps amber depending on the time of day. The only thing anyone could seem to agree on was that he did not look like anyone else. He’d overheard a courtesan saying that even if she’d seen him out of his royal garb (insert giggles from the other courtesans) that she would know he was the prince simply because he did not look like a commoner.
“Stalked? By who?”
Lestrade huffed a shocked breath. “That doesn’t sound healthy.”
“I just want to be sure you’re going about this in a healthy way.” John finished lamely.
The other half nodded emphatically. “I think we can all agree on that.”
After a solid ten seconds of his brain being entirely offline, John managed to take a sip of tea, and his little crank man starting going at double speed with the influx of information. Alex wore a condom, that meant Sherlock was likely on the receiving end. Sherlock on his back, long legs curved around his waist, Sherlock on top, lacing his finger’s with Johns, head thrown back in ecstasy as he rode John--
“No, hand to god, that’s correct.”
John cleared his throat now. “Right. Okay, why?”
John withheld his answering groan since the Macfucker was now within hearing distance.
“I read the messages when I opened it up, Sherlock. He didn’t compliment them or, I don’t know, flatter them into coming. He insulted them, belittled them. Told them that nobody wanted them anyway, and they were just fodder for the monsters.”
He fell into a quick and deep sleep in the way only an emotionally repressed man can.
The next morning, John awoke from the sweetest dream. He’d been dancing across a lake with Sherlock, no kingdoms or horses anywhere in sight, just the two of them waltzing on clear and cool water.
John breathed shakily as the prince stepped out into the light from the ballroom doors. It was true; his face was strange-- long, elegant, almost too sharp to be attractive. Something in his eyes, his full mouth, offset the angles and made him heartbreakingly beautiful. Maybe the whispers were right. Maybe their blood really was blue-- John couldn’t imagine this ethereal creature being of the same species as the plain man he saw in the reflection of the trough.
The woman in the silky robe shrugged. Both of them turned back to watch the girl some thirty feet away. She messily rubbed her snot on her torn sleeve.
John was starting to get a headache from all of the paperwork he had to fill out. Every question he asked Sherlock was dismissed (“How would you rate your pain on a scale from one to ten?” “How can I possibly know the values of each level of pain?”) and nurses kept giving him the runaround once Sherlock was finally through triage.
The cab stopped at 221B, and they both went up to the flat.
John chuckled, chastising himself for the place his mind had gone. “No. Nobody else can do that but you. You just seem to be spending a lot of time with this Alex fellow, I mean, you’ve taken fewer cases even, and we don’t even--”
Nope, can’t do that, eyes too-- eyes. John turned his gaze down to his lap, instead. “Sherlock, I know you’ve just gotten out of a relationship, but maybe you should just-- consider. Think about why you want people arrested for flirting with me.”
“Mike, I’m serious. I feel like my whole world has been flipped upside down.”
Sherlock full on grinned now, cotton showing through his lips. “Oh, I don’t know if I’m a princess,” He paused for what John assumed was dramatic effect. “Queen, yes.”
“Because you have a fever!” John retorted loudly. Sherlock squinted against the noise. John sighed. “Okay, c’mon, I’m taking you into the clinic.”
“There’s footprints here on the steps.”
“That’s so cool,” John said.
John shook his head like an etch-a-sketch to dismiss the image of Sherlock and military men. “Okay. So. What do I do now?”
It had been a long week.
“He gonna meet your parents?”
John nodded, looking ahead again. He glared holes into the linoleum floor.
Minutes passed. John’s phone still lay open on the side of the pillow, relentless scrolling in search of distraction discarded for a brief grasp at comfort.
When John came home later that night, Alex was gone and Sherlock was in his bedroom; John could see the light coming out from under his door. He decided to take a shower to calm down a bit after that conversation with Stamford.
“Right well, from what I can tell, his wisdom teeth came in and became infected. His lymph nodes are swollen to high heavens, but I suspect if they just take them out, he’ll be right as rain.”
John nodded, and then nodded again when his brain connected “Alex” with “professor Cameron from that case that one time”.
John pulled his hand down from where he’d self consciously been touching the back of his head while looking the man over.
John was on his lunch break when he received a call from Lestrade. “Mate, I’m so sorry to bother you at work, but do you know where Sherlock is?”
Sherlock, who had been distractedly tuning his violin, looked back at John. “What was that?”
John reluctantly turned to look at the man on the bench. After a moment it clicked, Mike Stamford. His secret, when they’d first met in college, had been that he’d been abused when he was young.
John couldn’t help it. He giggled. “Oh I really cannot wait to tell--” He stopped. Sharing this with Greg didn’t seem appropriate now, actually.
“You may not just say that, then,” John said. Sherlock dropped on to the couch next to him.
John had to admit that as much as he wanted to do the right thing and ask, this situation served him rather well. When they were both in an amorous mood, Sherlock simply took John in hand, or in his gorgeous, gorgeous mouth like a humble servant on his knees. Sherlock would finish in his own hand, tucking himself away as John lay in the afterglow, and John would be too muddled to care overmuch that he wasn’t really doing his part.
John watched as Sherlock said every single that crossed his mind without regard for the person receiving the information. And how he turned to John, waiting for a compliment. Sherlock was the ultimate exhibitionist.
“I’ll stop when you leave your ivory castle and go down to the clinic like the rest of us peasants.”
“Please, whoever did didn’t mean to, you grace!” The baker’s wife begged. “Please don’t whip us.”
Sherlock looked up from the toast he’d been coerced into eating. “Very well. We’re dating.”
“I have a question actually, which I think is appropriate to ask now that we’re a bit-- familiar.”
“That’s interesting… so do you, hmm, deduce the stocks then?”
John turned to his debaters.
He pulled open the door, tightening his abdomen as much as he could without looking constipated. His dog tags bounced against his chest.
“Oh, easy, it’s her neighbor. Not being stalked, she sees him because they live in the same building.”
He held it for a moment, regretting that their exchange of letters had dwindled over the past year. Yet it wasn't all that surprising. Their lives had fallen into routines and increasing responsibilities, leaving little time and few new subjects to write about.
(See the end of the chapter for
“They
Despite his misgivings, he had come to this house because Sherlock had asked him to. John had thought he could handle it, thought it might be good for them to get out of the city, a chance to see what might happen once they were alone.
won't you answer your phone?”
“Molly Hooper, did you chat up an officer of the law for information?” John asked in mock accusation.
John shrugs, cold, tired, and impatient. “I don’t know. It’s warm, cosy.”
“What do you mean?” John asked.
“I --” Sherlock stammered. “I really should be getting home.” He found himself backing a few steps away, then forced himself to stop. He clenched his fists, digging his fingernails into his palms to regain his composure.
“Er, good to have met you, sir,” John called over his shoulder as he followed Sherlock.
It shamed him to admit that her calmness grated on his nerves at times. She rarely had strong opinions. She never raised her voice. Not even when she found the photos and bundle of letters from Sherlock while cleaning one day. She simply left them on their bed, the ribbon tied neatly around the stack of envelopes.
John stopped close beside him. Sherlock's legs felt weak, his breath still ragged when John cupped the nape of his neck and pulled him to his mouth. Straddling their bikes, they kissed, finally alone and away from prying eyes, wrapped in a dizzy tang of beer and warm, salty skin.
“Let’s fuck here.”
“Really? No one’s ever said that before.”
“It's been weeks with barely a word from you!” John is shouting and he hasn't taken off his winter coat. “What the blessed fuck is going on?”
*******************
Twenty minutes later, they landed in a field surrounded by razor wire. Industrial-looking buildings dotted the perimeter. Soldiers cradling machine guns watched them impassively, German Shepherds standing alert on their leashes.
“Is she really your type?”
John smiled. “That's true.”
The doctor takes a few steps closer. “I just moved back to London, so…” he trails off, gazing at Sherlock for several moments. He tilts his head, smiling crookedly. “Sorry, but do we — have we met?”
“I'm glad to be back,” John said, his voice soft.
He lifted a foot over the side of the tub, eased it into the water, his fingers curling as the heat engulfed his ankle and calf. It felt good, the hot bite on his skin, the sharp sting as he gingerly lowered his body.
He’s wearing a deep navy blue suit and crisp white shirt that has a subtle pinstripe running through it. His hair gleams in the lamplight, his fingers dance elegantly as he adjusts his cuffs. I swallow, stunned again by the sharpness of his cheekbones, the curve of his lips, the lithesome power of his trim body. I want to tell him that he looks beautiful. I ache to let him know how I feel, that I want him with my heart and body and soul.
The best part of my face is my eyes. They're dark blue with long lashes. Sherlock told me once that I had my father’s eyes. I joked that I’d better give them back, and he glanced at me sideways with a pained expression, then smiled.
“Stocking stuffers?” Sherlock finished suggestively, raising an eyebrow.
His parents always hired a summer resident, usually a graduate student, to handle their correspondence, edit manuscripts, and run errands. In exchange, the resident received a modest stipend and the afternoons off to work on their own writing while his parents taught. They lived in the villa as part of the family and were always assigned the bedroom next to Sherlock’s with a shared bath across the hall. Sherlock lumped the residents in with the other students, nodding politely, saying good morning, showing them the book store and post office in town when they first arrived.
It wasn't there, either. John quickly pulled on his jeans and started another search for the laptop, a cold dread forming in his stomach. He looked under the bed, in the closet, in every drawer. He had used it just yesterday afternoon. Thankfully, all his cameras were safe and sound, which made the disappearance of the laptop all the more strange. A common thief would have taken the lot.
John goes pale, his cup stopped halfway to his mouth.
Well, friends, I can't quite believe it, but we have reached the end. This story has been part of my life for almost a year, so I'm going to miss it. However, I'm looking forward to starting new things and catching up on a lot of fic reading. Thanks to all of you faithful readers who journeyed along with me as the story unfolded. Your encouragement and comments mean the world to me!
“There's plenty of time,” John reassured him, turning him by the hips and tugging his trousers lower. He sank to his knees, taking Sherlock into his mouth.
She sighed and nodded. “The summer’s almost over. I won't be back here until Christmas. There doesn't seem to be much point pretending our relationship is going to last. It's silly to try; people just end up making promises they never really intend to keep.”
“Hey, Mike,” John greeted him weakly, silently cursing him for interrupting a crucial moment.
Mike looked sheepish. “Um, yeah. I was hoping there would be space for him down the hall, but, you know…”
Sherlock pushed an apple around on his plate. “But you miss it, that life.”
John nodded in acknowledgment, then turned back to the printer. He could feel Sherlock’s eyes on his neck.
He tapped out a few more words. “I'm cleaning up some notes about a couple of old cases.”
He kissed Sherlock harder, pinning him against the far glass wall. “I'm going to teach you something else,” John breathed into his ear, slipping his hand between Sherlock's legs, massaging and stroking him until he was hard, the thin cotton of his pyjamas the only barrier between them.
“Right…” John sounded subdued. “Sorry for calling so late. I apologized to your father -- I lost track of the time, but I felt I had to call.”
But then he heard a noise, a rhythmic rasping sound that he soon identified as a hand saw cutting through wood. It was coming from the back of the house. Driven by a strange curiosity, he followed the sound, keeping close to the side of the house. Hidden by the branches of a large lilac bush, he peered into the back yard, catching his breath at an unexpected sight.
Sherlock bites back a sarcastic answer and patiently tries to explain. “I solve problems other people can’t. I observe what others don’t, apply basic science, and deduce outcomes using facts.”
“Clover, and a bit of lavender and thyme, I think,” Mr. Holmes suggested. “And a touch of rose, I like to fancy.”
John moved closer to him on the bed. “If I’m turned on, does that mean I’m a freak too?” He took the come-filled peach half from Sherlock’s fingers, examining it for a moment, smiling slyly. “Peaches and cream…?” he lifted it to his mouth and took a bite.
White smoke swirled around Sherlock’s gloves as he lifted out the wooden frame laden with honeycomb, Mr. Holmes watching expectantly over his shoulder. They both leaned closer to inspect the bees’ work.
With a sinking feeling, John shut the freezer door and opened the refrigerator, hoping against hope that he would find something more enticing to eat. A limp head of lettuce, a bright yellow lemon, and a bottle of ketchup. An expired carton of eggs. A wedge of Parmesan.
And now onward >>>>
John choked on his wine as he swallowed, caught off guard by her answer.
“Stop counting,” John sighs.
She had been airing out every nook and cranny after the summer’s heat, she had explained. The papers had been getting damp, so she took them out to let them dry. She gazed at him evenly as she spoke, something steely in her eyes he'd never seen before.
Sherlock padded into John's room. It was empty, innocent, no sign of last night’s encounter visible anywhere. It was hard to believe that he’d held John's cock his mouth just hours ago, had made him groan his name in the heat of passion.
Soon he'd get up and make a cup of strong tea and thick slab of jam toast, enjoying a few hours of solitude before Sherlock either stumbled half awake into the kitchen from his bedroom or swept up the stairs with a manic energy that had sustained him through the night.
“So, the case where the lady, like, was dead, but she came back as a ghost and shot her husband? Professor Holmes originally said it had to be, like, other people dressed up as her using mirrors and stuff to look like ghosts, and that one of them gunned the dude down.”
“I’ve no idea. Mummy might know. Why this sudden interest?”
Holmes exhaled a thin stream of smoke. “No special friend here?”
An all-too-familiar voice shattered the moment. Sherlock whirled around to face the intruder loitering in the doorway.
By the time I arrived at the door of 221B, I had imagined all sorts of terrible scenarios. Heart attack. Car accident. But why wouldn’t he be in hospital?
John was about to start in again when he saw Molly spinning along the road on her bicycle, waving at him enthusiastically, causing her to wobble a bit. He lifted a hand in return, concerned she might fall, but she didn't seem perturbed. In fact, she was grinning and quite flushed.
John’s fingers bite into Sherlock’s back as Sherlock nuzzles that particularly sensitive spot beneath his ear.
John sighed and stuffed the gloves into the back pocket of his jeans, annoyed that Sherlock's carelessness had nearly caused him to tumble down the stairs and break his neck.
Sherlock sleeps deeply despite the oddities of the night, finally making his way downstairs for a late breakfast. Hannah checks his vitals again then shoos him outside for another walk in the walled garden.
Sherlock shifts his gaze to John’s face. Their eyes meet, and John knows he understands his meaning. Neither can look away. “Grief is a strange beast,” Sherlock says quietly. “It drags you into dark places… but the light eventually breaks through, I think.”
****************
“John, your hair…”
Holmes produced a slip of paper from his pocket. “She already gave it to me.”
“Your parents’?”
Their heads drift closer, obeying a magnetic pull, almost touching, but hesitating.
“A girlfriend?” John prompts.
They ordered breakfast and sipped at strong coffee, John stealing glances at Sherlock. His gaze was roving around the room, settling briefly on one table then moving to another. Sherlock tapped his fingers on his coffee cup as he contemplated.
The honey suddenly left a trace of bitterness in Sherlock's mouth. He was trying not to think about the empty months ahead at university, trying not to constantly count down the his remaining time at Musgrave Hall. Ten days. Less than 240 hours left.
************
“John -- I --
Settling onto the bed, he opens the box and carefully removes the leatherbound diary, then sifts through the photographs. He gazes at John’s image, missing him. He pages through the diary, reading his favorite passages.
John. He puts his arms around John’s waist, tugging him closer, kissing him, water running over their torsos. What would it be like, he wonders, to be with John when he was completely invisible? It might be like being blindfolded, not knowing what was coming next.
Sherlock’s curls gleam in a shaft of sunlight. Ringlets of sin.
“Why not?”
“No… no regrets.” John didn't meet his gaze, still focused on the jar.
John covered his mouth with his own, their tongues soon twining in counterpoint to the strokes of John’s hand. Sherlock's brain stopped. He was nothing but sky and grass and flesh, blood rushing to his groin, a moan escaping from the back of his throat.
John nodded, afraid to push this new aspect of his gift any further.
“John and I have to go now.”
“You are! You like this-- this Alex.”
He tensed to get out of bed when he heard giggling, too. Male giggling. Two males, giggling.
Lestrade nodded, still looking confused. John understood how he felt.
“Right, uh, hi,” John said, extending a hand to the stranger. He looked familiar, but he couldn’t place him.
“He’s not answering, and when I went round, Mrs.Hudson said he’d left with some man.”
John felt his stomach fluttering with the excitement of a new case. John didn’t know what Sherlock found so mysterious in this one over the others, but he was ready for the chase again. This is what John and Sherlock were about, this is what they are. The thrill of the game, blood pumping through their veins, just the two of them against--
“Thank you, John, that truly means very much to me,” Sherlock said stiffly, as if he wasn’t used to being told things like that. “I suppose it could be boiled down to the fact that Alex wants me to be a bit more… to follow the rules more, I… I guess that’s a way to say it.”
“Can you get your mind out of the gutter?”
“Okay,” Sherlock said slowly, glancing over John’s face before landing back on his eyes. “I’ll think about it.”
Sherlock raced over, observing the foot prints in the dust. He waved a photographer over quickly to take a picture of the footprints before running up the stairs. John was right on his tail.
Speaking of which-- John hurried down the stairs toward the stables. He heard the soft-pat footsteps of the house servant girl who lived in the tower room above his. He’d tried to chat her up, to no avail-- it seemed as though that girl was waiting for some kind of prince to rescue her or something. Wouldn’t catch good John Watson like that; he wanted a partner who was an equal. He worked for no woman.
“What’s problem A?”
Sherlock furrowed his eyebrows in confusion. “I just did, you saw me.”
Sherlock bent his head to conceal a secret smile. “I enjoy the work of Leonardo Dicaprio.”
The woman gave him a sideways look. He felt uncomfortable under the gaze, like she knew him very deeply despite only knowing him for a few minutes. “But you want it anyway, don’t you?”
Maybe John hadn’t gotten up to kiss him goodbye because it was cold and he didn’t want to get out of bed.
“Let’s have a drink at your hotel,” Sherlock suggested, his voice low.
“My father taught me when I was a boy. I went away to school and he stopped raising bees at some point.” They began walking back to the house at a leisurely pace. “I decided to start again just over a year ago. Read some books, consulted with some neighbors, and here we are. It all comes back to you.”
“I’m working on a new article, but there are some medical aspects that aren’t in my realm of expertise. I was wondering…” Sherlock trailed off.
Sherlock let John push him back onto the narrow mattress, his knees falling open, his eyes fluttering shut as John laid a path of kisses down his stomach, past his navel, down the trail of dark hair that led to his groin.
“I’m afraid that won’t be possible. Not right away.” Mycroft warms his hands around his cup. “I’ve made other arrangements.”
My mouth falls open a little, then I stammer a reply. “I’m glad to do it.”
Even though they’ve shared a flat for years, this may be the most intimate space they’ve ever shared. He feels he should say something to neutralize the tension rippling between them, but he can’t think of a thing.
“Reminds me of a bull dog. I think he'd tear my leg off if given half a chance.”
Dessert (creme brûlée with fresh raspberries), and they had moved on to parents, siblings, broad strokes of their childhoods. By the last spoonful, they were full -- stuffed with an excellent meal, fine wine, and new details.
“Look,” Anthea nudged John and nodded toward a corner of the room. “Donovan and Anderson are at it again.”
His bed companion shifted, groaning a little and curling deeper under the covers. The night came back in fragments -- it had begun as a drunken evening out with a friend, stumbling home, arms looped over each other's shoulders, collapsing onto the bed, turning, bumping noses, laughing, then growing quieter. He didn't know who started kissing who, but it felt right, hands and lips freely exploring, giving in to a long-held curiosity. His name had been Michael...
“Um, no, nothing above a four.” Sherlock was not exactly telling the truth. He'd been picking easy cases on purpose lately, mostly business and family matters that could be wrapped up in a timely manner and have him home in time for dinner when he knew John would be cooking. He would choose something more interesting soon. But this -- he took a bite, letting the capsaicin heat burn his tongue and flush his cheeks -- was intriguing enough at the moment.
“For letting me in,” Sherlock answers softly.
-- and the urgency increased ten-fold.
“I didn't do that.” John's mouth is dry.
“What happened?”
This time was the most intense of them all. It felt -- and John was not one to use these types of words lightly -- deeply intimate.
Sherlock stood and walked into the house, knowing that John would trail after him. Sherlock retrieved his violin case from its spot in the sitting room. After a few moments of tuning, Sherlock tucked the instrument under his chin and closed his eyes, hearing the music, seeing the notes in his mind’s eye.
“No.”
John’s shoulders stiffen as he starts to understand the turn this is taking.
“Wait here,” he murmurs, then pads through the room, checking the wardrobe, bed, anywhere a person could hide. He flicks aside the curtains to inspect the windows, and finds no sign of entry or exit.
John’s own low moan reached his ears as his pace stuttered then stopped, bursting in a hot release, his cock still trapped between Sherlock's legs. John relished the warm stickiness, sliding his cock back and forth in luxurious strokes as his climax wound down.
“I'm sorry,” he repeated, his voice hoarse.
John placed the pen back on the table and held the lukewarm mug in his hands, hoping Sherlock would read between the lines.
“Then hurry up. I’m supposed to be making tea,” Sherlock growls, clutching at John’s arse, his senses heightened with the risk of discovery. Dimmock might be patrolling the house or Hannah might come looking for him if he’s gone too long.
“Thanks.” Sherlock took the manuscript, still seeming confused to see him.
He couldn't think, could barely manage to recall where he was, his mind so focused on the sensations rippling through him. Caresses and cool air on his bare shoulder, warm kisses trailing up his neck, the scent of cinnamon rising from John's body.
For a moment, he's mortified. It seems like they've barely begun, and he's spent already. John pulls back a bit, and Sherlock has the irrational thought that he's getting up to leave, so he clutches at John's back, his body pulsing with a confusing mix of post-orgasmic bliss and sudden fear.
Sherlock is reluctant to move, but he finds a tea towel in a cupboard and wipes away all evidence of their tryst before zipping himself back into his trousers. “I should be getting back.”
There is a bird outside the bedroom window, its chirping passing through the glass pane, seeping into Sherlock’s morning sleep.
“Yes, John. Even I could use a little vacation now and then.” Sherlock paused. “Unless you have a pressing reason to get back?”
He's lost in thought when a cool breeze skims along his neck. He thinks nothing of it until he feels something icy trail across his nape, almost like a finger, making him jump. A woman's laugh, light and mocking, shimmers in the air. Sherlock whirls around, searching wildly for the source, sees nothing. He shivers, goosebumps rising on his arms.
Hannah steps uneasily into the room and tries the light switch herself with no success. They look at each other in the semidarkness.
Something was happening, some half-confession passing between them, an avenue opening that had been obscured and hidden until now. The silence drew out longer, their hands on the table inching closer, until Sherlock suddenly spoke.
He glanced up at John, raising an eyebrow. “Do you know how to swim?”
“It was. I needed it after I came home from Afghanistan.”
The fire had burned down to coals when John woke. His neck was stiff, his legs numb. As carefully as he could, he slipped out from under Sherlock, trying not to wake him. Still half asleep, he arranged a blanket over Sherlock before stumbling upstairs to his room. He hadn't eaten for hours but was past the point of hunger.
“Well, what happened to it?” She searches around the kitchen, muttering to herself.
“Liar.”
John turned his attention to Sherlock's trousers, nimbly undoing the fly, easing the waistband down past sharp hipbones, the taut skin too tempting not to kiss. He eased the black trousers down further, exposing the bulge of Sherlock's erection straining against black pants. John helped remove the trousers, shoving them carelessly down to the foot of the bed.
He walks on, hunkered in his coat, feeling empty. He finally winds his way back to Baker Street, his face and ears stinging from the cold. He lets himself in and climbs the stairs, lost in his moody thoughts, too preoccupied to even switch on the lights.
They exchange a long look, ending only when John reluctantly lowers his gaze away. He turns the knob of the heavy black door and pulls it open, about to leave.
Nurse Cornish clatters into the room with a tea tray and places it on the low table by the sofa. She glances at the laptop screen as she pours him a cup. “How’s the private investigator business these days?”
“Should have done it sooner,” Sherlock breathed back, his hands snaking under John’s white t-shirt.
But no, he had to go back further, find the true source of blame: himself. If only he hadn't lied to John about his disappearance, leaving him in the dark for two years about his faked suicide, breaking his trust… losing him.
Sherlock lifts an eyebrow and John bites his bottom lip, looking as if he wished he hadn’t said the last part. “I’m supposed to keep a journal,” he admits. “My therapist thinks it’ll help.” He glances up at Sherlock. “Apparently I have some issues, but you probably already deduced that.”
His mother was doing the caretaking, while he was assigned the role of gardener, handyman, errand boy, mechanic, and anything else needed to repair Great Aunt Helen’s long-neglected cottage and rambling yard.
“No, not a bad idea at all,” John agreed.
But Sherlock knew it was a generous award that covered a year’s expenses, the type of prize that would allow you to travel to Italy, rent a modest flat near a certain museum in Rome, and write every day while waiting for your lover to come home.
Mrs. Holmes fussed with the curtains and straightened the lamp on his desk.
Sherlock leans against the cold enamel basin, snakes his hand under the tail of John's shirt, runs his palm up John's spine. His head is tilted, allowing John to pay delicious attention to his neck. Pressed so close together, it's impossible not to notice the bulge in John's pajamas that's now rubbing against his thigh.
A mist gathers, gradually shaping into recognizable features. Sherlock finds it oddly fascinating, simultaneously looking
Sherlock claimed he didn't socialize, that he disdained romantic entanglements, but Sherlock's body hummed under John's fingers like a live wire as they kissed.
“Is that what you’re going to do, gobble me up?”
I nod obediently, unable to refuse. I start the fire and take a seat in my usual spot, picking up a nearby book and thumbing through it without absorbing a word.
He could hear his parents chatting animatedly on the phone with John, apologizing for calling so early, offering their congratulations, inquiring about his job, inviting him to visit, wishing him well before handing the phone to Sherlock. His father beckoned him over.
He knew he was guilty of the same thing, writing with brevity in an artificially chipper tone, omitting his exhaustion, his doubts, his occasional homesickness. The constraints under which they wrote were prohibitive, but they could have shared other aspects of their lives.
Sherlock rolled his eyes then waved the student in, and John left to let them speak in private. He nursed his coffee while looking out the window at the end of the hallway. Several inches of snow had fallen a few days ago, blanketing the campus in a sparkling cloak of white. He watched students rushing to class or strolling to the library, some walking hand in hand.
“I, uh,” Sherlock is distracted again, imagining John’s naked silhouette moving behind the door. “That could be fixed.”
“True. He knows what he's getting into.” Mycroft took another sip, then held the glass up to the light, evaluating the color. “I must say, the two of you are looking well. Flat sharing seems to suit you.”
John steps closer and Sherlock feels the electricity dancing between them. John traces his fingers down Sherlock’s neck, following the curve of his collarbone to the hollow of his throat. When John glances down and smiles again, Sherlock vaguely recalls that his dressing gown is untied, his cock in full view. He doesn’t care.
John adjusted the microphone on his lapel then glanced at his watch, trying to be subtle. Only ten more minutes to go, ten long minutes of sitting on the stage with six other faculty members answering questions from an auditorium full of students, some attentive, some bored, and some blatantly scrolling on their phones.
John offered his medical opinion when asked, posed what seemed like endless questions, and often felt bewildered and amazed, but found the fast pace and Sherlock's sharp wit to be a tonic for his own mind that had grown dull and bleak.
“So do you.”
Mycroft rolled his eyes. “Raise your fees. Rein in your spending. I don't know, get a flatmate.”
There was a lengthy pause before Sherlock answered. “Because I wanted to.” He paused again. “Because I wanted you.”
parallel universes, or past lives? What if ghosts do exist? Souls or energy or whatever you want to call it trapped between worlds?
God, he was tired. John readjusted the bulky camera bag, his eyes roving for a sign that could point him to the taxi queue. Several bored-looking private car drivers in suits stood along the sides, holding up signs for their passengers. Mr. Wang. Ms. Schmidt. Mr. Obeke. Mr. Watson.
Sherlock pushed opened the door to his rooms, carefully holding the unopened envelope from John in one hand, a stack of books tucked under his other arm. He was tired after a long day of classes, his shoulders and knuckles sore from another boxing lesson.
After an agonizing hour, John noticed Sherlock shutting down his computer and gathering his things. As he walked toward the door, the tense knots in John’s neck started to ease at the prospect of being alone again.
“Um, he's staying in London, I think.” She toyed with her necklace, her eyes darting away.
John is at the door across the hall, and tries to open it. It's locked. He moves to the next door. Also locked.
Sherlock climbs into bed, concentration written across his face. “The work in Croatia was fascinating. And Bart’s finally upgraded their electron microscope. God, that was long overdue.”
Sherlock really didn't want to prolong his visit with tea. “No, thanks.”
He walked to the library and closed the door, composing himself before lifting the receiver. “This is Sherlock Holmes.”
As the days progressed, they traded details, learning fragments about one another.
“You look gorgeous,” John said quietly.
“I’ll just... clean up…” John stood and began gathering dishes, turning to fuss with the sink, his back to Sherlock.
“Must be the honeymoon suite,” John laughs nervously.
Sherlock puts his hand on John's arm. “That's not true.”
Sherlock glanced at John’s profile, his eyes drawn to the coarse hair on his chest that was gilded gold in the light, to his dark rosy nipples, down to his navel. Irrationally, he wanted to touch him, run the tips of his fingers over the planes of his torso, slip them under the waistband of his trousers.
“Take a picture with your phone and send it to me,” Sherlock orders.
John kisses him, slowly rocking his hips against Sherlock’s. “I bet I can.”
He substitutes an easier truth. “I wish you didn't have to go.”
“Me too.” She leaned up to place a chaste kiss on his cheek and he held her briefly, soft and sweet smelling.
“Makes as much sense as anything else,” John answered.
“I don't believe in it.” He studied his cards. “It's an antiquated institution doomed to fail. Plus, I despise almost everyone. And most people hate me. Hand me the rope.”
“So tomorrow,” John begins, pulling on his jacket, “I could bring Rosie ‘round with me after work. If that's alright with you.”
His mother stopped, folded her hands over her stomach, and fixed him with a hard gaze. “I know you didn't want to come home for the summer. But your own poor choices landed you here.” She waited a beat as if expecting an apology.
Sherlock walked away from his parents quibbling about the phone call and flipped through the front pages of the book, breathing in the scent of fresh ink. He paused on the dedication page, his heart skipping a beat.
They shifted again, John on his back, Sherlock straddling his thighs. Sherlock’s hand slid between them to curl around John's cock. John let out a hum of pleasure, pressing into Sherlock’s hand.
The white shirt rustled to the floor and John looked hungrily at Sherlock. His bare chest was sculpted in the lamplight, a relief of muscle and veins and sparse coarse hair and dusky pink nipples. The tension mounted tenfold in two heartbeats.
“Good, then,” Sherlock hesitates, not sure what to do with John's irate mood, this awkwardness. He retreats to familiar territory, claps his hands together. “Basement next.”
“John,” Sherlock says his name with desperation. He can’t lose him, not after all they’ve been through, not after a century of waiting. “John -- I love you --” Sherlock clings tighter, refusing to let him go.
Sherlock does a hasty cleanup, then maneuvers under the blankets, fitting himself against John, settling into a comfortable position.
As they chatted, a trickle of reporters, fixers, and drivers began filing into the bar.
Harry moved out when she turned 18, leaving John to care for his mother and despise his father more. They fell out of touch, seeing each other only at Christmases. The last time he saw her was two years ago. She looked unwell, thin and sallow. It didn’t take long to discover that she had turned to drinking, too.
“I think… I’d be lost without you,” he says softly, as if realizing it for the first time.
John began walking toward Sherlock, drawn like a magnet, disregarding his own inner cautions and an occasional bee that droned past him. Sherlock had just replaced the cover of the hive, the bees still lulled by the smoke, and looked up, surprise evident in his eyes even behind the veil.
He glanced irritably at the newspaper, wondering what his mother was fussing about. The bold headline on the front page couldn't be missed:
He wasn't experienced in these matters; it was very likely he was leaping to baseless conclusions. His usual ability to read fine details was compromised, fogged by his own body's primal responses.
The trunk hit the wooden floor with a ponderous
“I’m not working tomorrow,” John hinted softly, “and should you fancy a bath together…” he drew small circles over Sherlock's spine with his fingers, “I've got rose oil...sandalwood…bergamot…”
“Sorry,” Victor apologized, his voice sleepy. “What are you doing up?”
“It’s been awhile since I’ve had you on your back,” Sherlock murmurs, grinding his pelvis suggestively against John’s.
“Oh?” John pulls back with a low laugh. “You’re insatiable.”
They lie curled together, lost in their own thoughts for several minutes, then John slips from the bed to fetch a damp flannel to clean up with. When he returns to the bedroom, Sherlock is missing, along with the sheet.
“Finished?” John asked.
John nodded, biting his lower lip. “I don't blame you. I didn't mean to complicate things by writing…”
He entered the short hallway, passed by the bathroom, walked through the kitchen and into the sitting room. Maybe he would do some unpacking until he got tired.
Afterwards, long kisses on the plaid blanket by the fire, a lazy meal of apples and gingery biscuits and milky tea.
Sherlock freezes, stunned. To his horror, his eyes suddenly ache, threatening to fill with tears. He blinks a few times, his throat thick.
Damn those eyes. He’d do anything -- has done many things -- for a lingering gaze from those sea-change eyes. They are locked on him now, anticipating, desirous, half-lidded.
“Of course! That'd be very neighborly.” Mr. Holmes gave Sherlock a little pat on the arm. “Now, I wonder if I can convince Mrs. Turner to make some raspberry scones for breakfast tomorrow…” He wandered off toward the kitchen, leaving Sherlock to brood.
She hesitates, her lips pressing into a thin line. She glances at the television where a woman is dabbing tears from her eyes as two police officers question her.
“Oh… my…” John breathed out in awe.
John looks stricken. Sherlock lowers his eyes, unable to hold his gaze.
The balmy night seemed to draw every young person out of their house and to the town square where they sat at cafes smoking, drinking, laughing, flirting. John was surrounded by his friends, some of whom Sherlock recognized, others he didn’t.
They were quiet, both knowing morning was coming too soon. Sherlock wanted to say so much, distilling his thousand raw thoughts into one confession spoken into the darkness. “I'm afraid I'll never feel this way again.”
The Vauxhall seemed to guide itself toward John's house, Sherlock’s thoughts already turning to the sites and shops he wanted to share with John. His family visited London often, the fast pace and unending variety of the city making it feel more like a true home than Musgrave Hall.
John finally drew back, his forehead pressed against Sherlock’s. “If your parents found out…”
He moans, pressing back against John’s probing mouth, wanting more. A hot stab of tongue makes him roll his forehead against his arm in surrender, and it comes again and again, deeper, coaxing him open.
John laughed. “You’re making that up.”
“Should you like to repay the compliment…” John hinted, placing a finger on Sherlock's lower lip, “I'd be most obliged.”
They rest, twined together, and Sherlock drifts into a light sleep. When he wakes later, John has vanished. He touches the pillow next to him, filled with disappointment and a sense of injustice. Why did they have to meet this way, separated by so much time? Why couldn’t they have met in the same century, the same lifetime?
“You could,” Sherlock starts, his voice strangely thin, “you could stay here.”
“I'm serious.” He reached over the edge of the bed, scrabbling for his jacket that had been carelessly shed onto the floor. He pulled the envelope out of the inner pocket, then presented the tickets and spending money. “My reward for good behavior this summer.”
I trudged up the steps, hot and annoyed after my walk. I reached the top of the stairs and paused. A fan was whirring in the corner of the sitting room, which was dim and empty. I peered around into the kitchen, which was also empty, silent except for the steady plink of the faucet dripping into the sink. Maybe they’d gone out.
“And cinnamon?”
He scratched his short beard, still waking up, wishing he’d stopped for a coffee on the way in. Never mind. He could always take a break later. He loosened his tie and booted up the desktop computer, then sat in the worn chair, adjusting the height and back tension to his satisfaction. He slipped on his reading glasses, logged in with his university ID, and began setting up the online components of the course he’d be teaching during the fall semester.
John smiled and presented a mug of tea. “Thought you might like something warm to drink.” He placed it next to the water glass. “May I…?” He gestured toward Sherlock's forehead and Sherlock nodded.
John returned Sherlock's sly smile, genuinely touched.
John navigates unsteadily to the library lined with books and overstuffed armchairs. He pours a generous portion of scotch and takes a gulp. He exhales, knowing Sherlock will be behind him any minute.
“The suburbs,” I said, shorthand for Dad taking a job at the hospital, dropping me off at school when he could, teaching me how to ride a bike, cooking Christmas dinners with Aunt Harry. Yet he’d never completely given up parts of his old life.
As Sherlock looked back at him, John could only guess how much he himself had changed. Clutching a cane, his shoulders squared defensively against the world, his eyes wary, his face hardened, his body scarred.
“Mail will be slow.”
“We’re going to open up the hives to see how the bees are faring,” Mr. Holmes explained.
Sherlock gazed up at him, his cheeks flushed, eyes fever-bright, looking attractively rumpled and a tiny bit helpless in the big bed.
The scar. John resisted turning away, trying not to be ashamed of the ugly bullet wound marring his skin. He took a steady breath and let Sherlock look.
“Well, you’re afraid of things, too.” Sherlock’s voice was muffled, weaker than he liked.
Their eyes locked across the table, faces glowing, endorphins simmering from the spicy heat and alcohol. The music that had been playing low in the background now became audible. Something old school again, strings building, Etta James soulfully belting out the lyrics.
Sherlock looked away, brushing off the comment with a joke. “Everything’s old to Americans.”
As she walks away, Sherlock gazes at the man in the picture, having to admit there is a strong resemblance. He turns the photograph over, but the back is blank. How peculiar, finding these photos — the dead soldier and his own doppelgänger from the past. It’s almost as though he was led right to them…
“As a nurse, I’ve seen it all. Blood, bones, bits. Speaking of which,” she bangs the cups back onto the tray, “I’ll clear up and then it’s time for your bath.”
The address of a restaurant was scrawled beneath.
“Can’t. Busy.”
Sherlock allowed John to lead him to his bedroom, Mrs. Hudson following close behind with a glass of water and an an extra blanket.
“No, still unknown. Poor bloke.”
“Mmph.” Sherlock was nearly asleep already.
They smiled, imagining a different future for a moment, then Sherlock shifted his gaze to look up through the leaves. Staying was a fanciful notion, an impossibility, and a bit too dull, really. They both had far too much ambition. Still, it was a peaceful picture.
“Mrs. Hudson saw him first, didn’t she?” Sherlock deduces listlessly. “She’s very protective of her bins. She called the police.”
“My phone’s in my jacket. I left it in the morgue. Where’s your phone?”
if he’d ever agree to it.
He swam on, losing track of time, finally tiring himself. He stopped, clinging to the edge of the pool, catching his breath, enjoying how heavy his arms and legs felt.
Here is a conundrum. Half clothed, their actions are already quite intimate. Were they to completely undress -- his thumb slides beneath the waistband, finds the jut of John’s hipbone -- the intimacy would soon cross into carnality.
“And then he had the nerve to ask if he could borrow my car! Can you believe that, after what he did? I told him to sod off.” She slumps back in her chair. “What a dick.”
“Last night… did you happen to check in on me?”
Then he looked at my aunt. “Thanks, Harry.”
Sherlock could easily seduce men and women, rolling out that silky rumble of a voice, flashing those cheekbones. He’d watched him do it countless times, flattering and toying with some poor receptionist or assistant. John wondered how far he would take the ruse, if Sherlock ever actually slept with someone to get information.
Staying a respectful distance from the hives, Mr. Holmes showed Sherlock how to start a fire at the bottom of the smoker, using a handful of dry pine needles as kindling. He packed in wood chips and few sprigs of dried mint and lavender, using the bellows to keep the fire lit until a fragrant white smoke puffed up from the canister.
Sherlock lifted his fingers, still stiff with cold, and fumbled at the top buttons of his shirt. Whether it was from nerves or the cold, he couldn’t manage to push the simple buttons through their holes.
John’s breath hitches, torn between a burst of surprise and jealousy and a thread of hope. Sherlock, admitting that he’s been in love — with a man — causes a small earthquake in John’s heart.
And Sherlock was -- well, he just didn't seem interested in any of that. I guess you should never assume anything about people.
“Yeah.” John forced a grin. He didn’t enjoy talking about that part of his life. “Better than Afghanistan.” He changed the subject. “I was wondering if I could have the other desk removed to make some more space.”
“I'm going shopping this morning.”
“Oh, I’ve reinvented myself,” Sherlock answered glibly, avoiding the deeper question. He quickly changed the subject. “But I'm not here to talk about the past. I have a business proposition.”
Mrs. Hudson waved her hand. “He won't be home for hours. He said I could decide, and I think you two will manage fine.”
John nodded, confused.
“You hate the cinema.”
He steps forward into the light. “I tried to hide those from you.”
John grasped him lightly on the upper arm, a touch that melded into a brief massage. “Great.”
“Oh my God,” Sherlock breathed out.
Soon after an email arrived with the electronic ticket, and another with the address of a hotel in Manhattan.
lead a mundane life, just for a few weeks?” He sighs again, and Sherlock can picture him massaging his temples. “Do you think you’re in any danger?”
John flopped his arm to the side and stared at the ceiling, his eyes heavy with fatigue. Sherlock was frightened by his own desires, he could see that. He couldn't blame him; if two men were caught together in a compromising situation, the consequences would be severe. They could be jailed, their futures ruined.
“Good night, Sherlock.”
Sherlock's expression was resigned, miserable, and it pulled at John's heart with an unexpected intensity. What were they doing to each other -- fighting, apologizing, edging closer, pulling back, giving up?
It was incredibly confusing, this unexpected attraction to the man he usually thought of as his adversary. But when he was anywhere near him, he couldn’t help but sneak glances at Sherlock’s face as he talked, his handsome features animated, his graceful hands gesturing to emphasize a point. His voice was rich and seductive, sending delicious vibrations up and down John’s spine, his body long and lean...
“But it's for scientific purposes.”
“Then why do you still keep this?” I hobbled around my room, now pretending to be an evil witch.
John’s lips skimmed over a cheekbone. “Dim sum?”
Sherlock watched John's expression gradually relax as he got more comfortable with the car.
(See the end of the chapter for
Memories of last night’s dream shimmer over him — the hand on his thigh, the sound of his name, the sense of intimacy, the longing and desire…
She shrugs. “Electrical cord or rope, maybe.”
“They were hardly threatening types,” John snorts. “I could’ve wrapped the skinny one around my finger. The big one, though.. he was well over six feet tall. Solid muscle. It’d take a lot of rope to hold him down.”
A streak of panic shot through Sherlock's system. What, exactly, was John offering? Surely it wasn't -- oh, God -- he must be misinterpreting this -- and if it was -- Christ, what if -- no, it was just a glass of water -- and yet --
“Remove everything, please,” the attendant directed with a pleasant smile. “I'll take you to the room when you're ready.”
“That’s amazing.”
“Can't risk it getting washed away. We'll take it back with us.” Sherlock started to bend down to retrieve the wooden weapon.
“I said it's nothing,” Sherlock cut him off sharply.
(See the end of the chapter for
I guided the car down the narrow lane, trying to avoid the ruts caused by the spring rains that had fallen earlier in the week. Today was gorgeous, splashes of white and pink tree blossoms popping against the sharp blue sky.
Sherlock finally exhales, trying to settle his nerves.
John looks up into Sherlock’s eyes, suddenly overflowing with gratitude for the simple pleasures of their quiet life together.
He kept his eyes open for a partially fallen stone fence among the trees, which would mean he was nearing the hives. The house and gardens had disappeared from sight by the time he spotted the fence, which he followed until he came to a clearing.
“You're sure it's alright?”
“I’ll start consulting again. You could be my assistant.”
Sherlock fixed him with a smoldering gaze. “In every way imaginable.”
Shirt buttons fall open one by one. Sherlock presses John down into the cushions, his mouth skimming along John's jawline. The house and patio are now almost completely dark. John shivers when he feels Sherlock’s breath on his ear, his whispered words taking a moment to sink in.
“I’ll bring some supper up later.”
“Mary died nearly two years ago. Pneumonia,” he forced himself to say. “She's buried in Lahore.” He kept his eyes on the floor, not wanting to see Sherlock's reaction. Pity. Sympathy. Or maybe more contempt.
There's something primal about the leather scent hanging in the air. John's fingers brush against Sherlock's as his hand grasps the jacket, the brief contact of their skin sending another current through Sherlock’s body. Some deep part of him doesn't want John to leave. He doesn't let go of the jacket.
Meeting Sherlock again, John had been prepared to remain politely distant. He’d reluctantly clasped Sherlock’s hand in greeting, but then he looked into those eyes -- up close, no sunglasses hiding them, a storm of blue and green and gold -- and he felt a tremor like thunder shake him to his core.
“I could do with a drink,” John suggested, thirsty after the sweets.
Sherlock absently picked up the jar of golden honey on the table. “That's what my father once told me about working with bees. You need to take things slowly, or else you'll get stung.” He looked up at John.
Molly lifted her elbows off the car, unperturbed. She had stopped by Musgrave Hall that morning, dying of curiosity to know what he and John had found out at the crime scene. Sherlock had told her about the discovery in the stream and turning the boomerang over to Dimmock with the promise of remaining anonymous.
He stands up, flexes his back, and starts to clean up. It would be nice, he thinks, to go back to the flat and have a bath, stretch out on the sofa, maybe watch some telly. John will have that old movie on, the black and white one, and will have opened that bottle of wine by now.
John noted Holmes’ expensive watch and finely tailored shirt. “Hope you like cheap liquor and loud music.”
He had the sudden urge to find his violin and tune it up, to cradle his chin against its body and run his fingers over the strings, music resonating through his bones.
“Well, some traditions have their merit,” Sherlock admits, then glances away. “It’s not the largest tree…”
He starts toward his room, then hesitates. He lifts the plaid wool blanket from the back of his chair and returns to the sofa. He unfolds the blanket with a soft rustle, then drapes it gently over Sherlock. He gazes at him a moment more, then climbs the stairs to his own solitary bed.
“Why would I need you?” Sherlock mumbled, still stubbornly refusing to admit how ill he felt.
In which Sherlock and John prefer each other unshaven.
“Maybe you should be a detective, if you're so clever,” she shot back.
They finally pull apart, Sherlock’s bottom lip captured between John's teeth, released. They breathe shallowly, foreheads touching.
Sherlock frowns and stares at the board. “I don't see it. You've laid a trap, haven't you?”
Sherlock looked up from his phone. “Oh. I was hoping you might stay.”
Sherlock shoots her an annoyed frown.
She handed him a glass of lemonade that he downed gratefully in several long swallows.
They gazed at each other, the afternoon light filtering through a stained glass window that cast a mosaic of gold and red patterns across the tablecloth.
Sherlock stares at the ceiling, his hands loosely clasped in his lap, the shakiness much less obvious. John wonders what Sherlock is thinking, how he feels being groomed like this.
He clenched the lighter in his hand as he spoke. “The fact is, I hurt your father deeply all those years ago. He’s kept me at a safe distance -- for his sake and yours -- and I understand that. I would do anything for him, and if it means having him for only a few hours at a time, I accept that.”
“Christ, did you spy on us?” John felt anger boiling up in his chest, stunned at Sherlock’s audacity. “How is this any of your business? Why are you even here?”
They walked slowly over the dewy grass, their footsteps hollow on the wooden planks of the dock. They pried off their damp shoes and socks, rolled up their trouser legs, and sat beside each other, letting their feet skim into the cool water.
He paused on the landing and glanced through the door. He could see only a sliver of the sitting room, including the back of his arm chair. God, he wished he was sitting in it right now, feet stretched out, a drink in his hand, Sherlock reclined on the sofa and pontificating about one arcane subject or another.
Sherlock slung the towel low around his hips, his eyes flicking up as if he could sense that he was being watched. His eyes locked onto John's.
Harry shrugged. “Commitment?” she offered. “Hope?”
John dabbed at his nose, confused. “What?”
Sherlock delighted in John's cheekiness and the sour expression that pinched Mycroft's face.
Sherlock sauntered into the office, taking his time to answer. “I heard New England is beautiful in the autumn. Thought I’d see for myself.” He placed his black leather satchel on the opposite desk, then wiped a finger across the wood, inspecting its cleanliness as he sat in the chair.
He twists on the taps, strips off his clothes, and steps under the hot stream of water, hoping to somehow wash away his melancholy. He closes his eyes, letting the steam rise around him, the water thrumming against his back. He stays that way a long time, finally turning off the taps.
Sherlock strokes himself off, his breath concentrated in small huffs until he hisses between his teeth, the first intense pulses of come shooting up to his chest, secondary waves spilling over his fingers and onto his stomach.
Sherlock’s eyes snap open. John feels exposed, hoping his thoughts aren’t written all over his face. He clears his throat and deflects back to the game. “Well, what scent of candle would you choose?”
Molly grinned. “Like when old Mrs. Winterbottom poisoned her husband -- remember that? We were just kids. It made all the papers.”
Irritated, Sherlock snatched out his phone and glared at the screen. “Car’s here.”
John heard the catch in Sherlock's breath, and he slowed, imagining that his fingers sensed something new under the firm muscles and bones. As a doctor, he knew the power of touch, what it revealed -- the secrets hidden in tissues and bodily rhythms that could not be seen -- but this was fanciful, impossible.
Sherlock pressed his handkerchief against his lip, and they exchanged an agonized look filled with frustration. Sherlock lifted the handkerchief and glanced accusingly at the bright stain.
John shook his head. “I’m afraid not.”
“Can you give me the short version?” I asked impatiently.
The room swam with strings of colored lights, clouds of smoke, and thumping bass. John pushed his way through the crowd holding two drinks high above his head, avoiding jostling elbows and grinding couples, occasionally nodding at a familiar face.
“What?” John wanted to turn and stare, but resisted. “How do you know that?”
John fumbled for something to say. “You've just had a bath.”
I did the thing. I wrote a little sequel.  Right this way >>>>>>>>
There was a pause, and John could tell Sherlock was trying to sort out how much of his request was true and how much was an excuse to meet.
The gesture spoke volumes --  encouragement, affection, forgiveness --  and Sherlock smiled slightly, hoping John could read the gratitude and desire swirling in his veins.
John and Mycroft cautiously shook hands, sizing each other up.
“What about Molly?”
Sherlock sinks further under the covers, wanting to go back to sleep. “What is it?” he mutters.
“Have fun?” Sherlock asks, nonchalantly turning a page, his legs stretched out in front of him.
Sherlock touched the cover of another book. “You'd be bored doing anything else.”
I left the flat and walked blindly until I found a coffee shop. It was a stupid choice for such warm day, but I ordered a latte anyway. I slid into a seat in the corner and nursed my drink.
“I'd much rather come here.”
John jumped at the sound of Sherlock's voice. He blushed, stammering. “Oh -- no, I wasn't -- it's just, there's no return address.”
His gaze lands on Sherlock and his sentiment flows even more freely. He admires Sherlock’s long fingers holding the paper, the faint tan beneath the white shirt where the sleeves are rolled up. He's enamored with the cheekbones, still sharp above a jawline that's grown just a tad softer over the years.
“What? And leave you here alone? Absolutely not.” She straightens her shoulders. “I’m staying. I’m not leaving my patient. Do you hear that, Captain Watson?”
“It is.”
“Don’t you have to study?”
“What else were you planning to do tonight?” John asks, wedging the hand between two chemical bottles on a shelf. “Stay in and read a book?”
“And the belt?” Sherlock’s voice is pitched low.
He dries his hair and face, then his body, and slips on his dressing gown, leaving it untied. He stands in front of the mirror and wipes away the steam, gazing at his face. It’s familiar and unfamiliar, like looking at a reflection in a deep well.
He eventually turns onto his other side and Sherlock loops an arm over his hip. John closes his eyes, opens them again briefly to confirm that his phone is on the nightstand, just in case, then settles into the curve of Sherlock’s chest. They still have another day.
John broke the gaze, throwing the cigarette butt to the ground and grinding it out with his heel.
“Good.” John said hastily. “I mean, I’ll be staying here, too.” He paused, then licked his lips. “I’m unattached, like you.” There, he’d said it. John held his breath and several painful seconds passed.
They share another small smile, then Sherlock leads the way down the stairs. He waits on the pavement as John pulls the heavy door shut by the brass knocker.
***************************
(See the end of the chapter for
“How long is the ride?”
He pulled open the double doors of the morgue and walked in authoritatively, ignoring the antiseptic odor and tags hanging off stiff toes. He made a beeline to a small figure hunched over a stainless steel table.
I’d never had sex before, but I’d been on the Pill for awhile, just in case.
Emboldened, Sherlock moved his mouth further down the shaft, pulling up slowly, releasing with a wet pop.
They lazed in bed, not moving, just breathing, until they both dozed off.
John slid his fingers along Sherlock's neck, up into his hair, tugging him closer, slowing Sherlock, guiding him, their knees bumping as they turned more fully into each other. The wooden dock was hard and uncomfortable, but John barely noticed, lost in the thrill of lips seeking and shaping, a hitch of breath, a slight sigh.
“The social hall. There's a dance there tonight and I need to drop off some things.”
He pictures John nuzzling her head, breathing in her sweet scent, humming to her. An exquisitely tender world that Sherlock has no right to disrupt, no matter what he feels for John. It must remain a secret.
satisfying.”
Sherlock moved into the room, shutting the door behind him, shedding his coat and tossing it over his chair. “We didn’t have a chance to finish our talk.”
“Yeah, bloody paperwork.”
“Don't do it,” he warned his reflection. His eyes showed no sign of conviction.
Sherlock glances at John, the low light casting deep shadows over their faces. “So they can more easily seduce their prey.”
He tore off a crust of bread and nibbled at it between sips of wine. John caught his eye. He had been up in his room working diligently for the past day, revising a section of his novel. It must have gone well, because a warm foot stroked across Sherlock's toes, then traveled up higher to the inside of his ankle.
Her eyes widened. “You’re kidding.”
“I was hoping… ” John pauses again. “I dunno, it’s Christmas Eve, and I was hoping we might do something.”
John glanced at him, already familiar with Sherlock's ‘it's for a case’ tone. “Do you want me to come with you?”
John answered the door, a smile crossing his face when he saw Sherlock. “This is a surprise.”
The less-than-subtle hint sends a small shock through Sherlock’s system. He never imagined it would all happen so quickly, but he takes John by the hand, leading him down the short hallway.
John tilted his head, trying to imagine what could evade Sherlock’s control. He couldn't think of a thing. He looked back down at his plate. “Well… thank you for, you know… tricking me.” He flicked his eyes up, smiling, not knowing how to express his gratitude.
“No, not really.” John took a drink. “You?”
The heavy wooden door swung open with a creak, and John took a moment to examine his new work space. Two battered wooden desks with mismatched chairs, two dented file cabinets, a coat rack, sagging shelves, a small table holding a coffee maker and four odd mugs, one window overlooking the leafy courtyard, and an ancient steam radiator that would probably hiss and clang all winter. Apparently visiting faculty didn’t rank high enough to be assigned posh offices.
Sherlock repeats to himself. Such a simple, solid name. “And what about our family? Did anyone serve with him?”
“Where are we going?” John asked when they reached the edge of the village.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Good afternoon, Molly. I need a liver.”
Sherlock hesitates, a hundred unrelated replies flashing through his mind.
“Sweet dreams,” Mycroft hissed, closing the creaky door, leaving Sherlock in the pitch dark.
They sipped their coffee, watching the snow fall, comfortably quiet, adjusting to their new status. It felt natural to be here, John thought, Sherlock’s flat somehow seeming much more like home than his own place. For all his claims that he wasn’t good at relationships, Sherlock was doing a hell of a job.
“None,” Sherlock agreed, twining his arms and legs around John. “Just the two us.”
“Eager, aren’t you?” John teases gently, pushing in just a bit deeper. He stops, pulls back, and starts again, slow, shallow thrusts, drinking in Sherlock’s face, how he’s biting his lower lip, sloe-eyed.
Sherlock was dubious about this visit, but ventured past the door anyway, closing it behind him. John took a seat in a chair by the table while Sherlock glanced around at the sparse bed sit.
Sherlock smirked, knowing he'd needled her about Dimmock.
“Get ready.” John tossed him a bundle of clothes. “We’re leaving in ten.”
The first few weeks, Sherlock furtively observed John over the top of his book or from the table in the shade where he worked on his studies or composed music. He wondered how John could stand to lie in the intense afternoon sun, shirt off, his skin turning golden brown, his hair becoming streaked with blonde.
John had brought home the cake and wine as a surprise, knowing that Sherlock would ignore or even forget his own birthday unless confronted directly. He’d lifted an intrigued eyebrow at the sight of the pink bakery box and nodded approvingly at the wine selection, allowing John to lure him away from the microscope for an impromptu fête.
They fall silent. Sherlock tentatively puts his palm on John's chest, feeling the warmth emanating through his T-shirt. John responds by draping a hand over Sherlock's hip.
He raised himself onto his knees, positioning himself on the tip of John's engorged cock, then sank down slowly, eyes half closed, fingers anchored into John's chest.
He held his hand out to John and helped pull him up. Sherlock threw on his t-shirt and led John along the base of the cliff, following the curve of the cove. Picking their way over slabs of rock that jutted into the water, Sherlock jumped down to a sandy stretch of beach hidden around the bend of the shoreline, waiting for John to catch up.
“It's very nice,” John said.
Sherlock’s brow crinkles, but he busies himself with a cutting board and lemon. “Better. One day at a time, as they say.” He slices into the lemon with a small sharp knife.
John reappears, his expression blissful. He cages Sherlock between his elbows, his mouth descending, claiming, then giving himself utterly in a grateful kiss. He rolls onto his side, avoiding any pressure on Sherlock’s chest. His form is still hazy, as if he doesn’t have the energy to sharpen his edges.
John holds his gaze. “With who?”
The sun bit into Sherlock's skin, finally forcing him to retreat indoors. He took a cool shower and returned to bed, trying to sleep. Another hour passed, and still John had not appeared.
I felt my breath match theirs, a lump forming in my throat. I'd never witnessed such raw tenderness between two people. I was unable to tear my eyes away, not sure how to make sense of what I was seeing. It wasn’t kissing, but this -- the intimate way they were touching -- was more than a friend comforting a friend.
“Getting settled in alright?” Mike asked, seating himself on the edge of the desk.
The candle sputters, hissing as the flame consumes the wax, long shadows dancing in the mirror.
John gazed into his eyes, smiling, then glanced up. “Look, snow.”
“People want you to be.”
He regretted not taking at least one photo of Sherlock, but there hadn’t been time, it all had happened so quickly.
“Nothing much. Just a few creaks and groans. Probably the wind.”
“You don’t like Sherlock, do you?”
“I’ll miss you.”
He can't wait anymore, can't be afraid anymore. John tugs up his shirt, pulls it over his head, discards it to the side. He looks up at Sherlock and steps forward, gathering Sherlock's hips in his hands, drawing him closer.
He had been right -- he never did feel the same way again. Not even now. He gazed at John, realizing that what he felt at this moment was even more powerful than that sultry night, almost more than his heart could hold.
Sherlock looked around, finding everything had a memory tied to it -- the glasshouse, the bicycle, the flagstone path and roses. In unspoken agreement, they headed toward the beehives, John pushing his bike through the dewy grass.
John combed his fingers through the greyish-brown strands of faux fur that had covered their newest piece of furniture, a small, rectangular stool the detective had bought. Sherlock never cared much about things like this. He liked his armchair, but it had already been at the flat when they had moved in. Adding something new to the flat that was not part of an experiment, a book, or indeed dead, rarely happened. What made the doctor smile was that Sherlock seemed to have gotten it not for himself, but John.
“Only if it’s yours,” Sherlock said, eyes flickering up to John’s. He wanted to sound flirty, maybe even wink - John liked the winking, instead, his answer escaped with a breath. No hiding behind false confidence, but laying bare what he felt – what he needed.
John would be comfortable at the party, immerse himself in the crowd, and have a good time with some of them. And he was looking forward to the choice of Greg and Molly’s Christmas attire.
“Sherlock!” Greg grabbed his arm to keep him from annoying another of his coworkers so much that he ran away - or maybe even quit.
“Sorry, I have to go. Sherlock might be burning down our flat right now,” said John in a deliberately calm tone as he got up. “I’ll be back later when I’ve sorted it all out, okay?”
It’s urgent! Come immediately! SH
Not a reaction he would have expected wearing this jumper. The laughter, yes, that’s what Sherlock had aimed for, blue eyes sparkling with it, mouth curled into a broad smile, John tilting his head back a bit as he giggled. But now, from one moment to the other, that had stopped, a little frown tugging at the lines on John’s forehead and around his mouth until his lips had given way to that question.
“Yes. Stay there.”
“Of course, I can’t walk around like an icon all the time, but with such a great date I had to make a special effort.” she babbled on. And THAT explains why she looked so different at Tesco’s… What would I give for a new case now? John sighed inwardly and hoped the boredom didn’t show on his face.
"What's the matter with you? You act like a spoiled brat whose toys have been taken away, you are unbearable." Greg scolded and pulled Sherlock out of sight around the corner.
About halfway through the meal, the next message arrived. John quickly picked up the phone. Maybe he wasn’t doomed to have a dull evening after all.
“Nothing.” Sherlock insisted with a clenched mouth.
have to sit on it, John.”
“I’m out for a pint with Greg,” John replied calmly, as he pulled on his jacket.
Once there, he meandered through the aisles in the direction in which he assumed the milk was. On his way, he met different people. A salesman desperately trying to control his addiction to pretzel sticks, a customer considering starting a new diet, and a young guy shuffling wearily toward the cash register. Trying to avoid more people he took the wrong turn and ended up in the non-food department.
Ten minutes later, when he was about to return to the main scene of the murder, one of his officers came running towards him, holding a handkerchief to his mouth. He was about to ask what had happened when the officer ran right past him and disappeared around the corner. Greg looked after him, somewhat confused, but turned back towards the entrance when he heard voices of annoyance.
Greg pinched the bridge of his nose with two fingers and then wiped his face with a sigh. He looked tired.
(07:32 pm) Sherlock:
“Sir, maybe I could -"
Where did you put the fire extinguisher? SH
“Now? You know I’m about to have the meeting I told you about.”
The lecturer might be a great doctor- not that he had heard of the guy before this, but he wasn’t made to hold lectures or speak publicly at all. If anything, he’d be great at reading good night stories to cure insomniacs. Some nights, especially those spent in a London that had not yet introduced him to Sherlock Holmes, he might have wished for such monotonousness.
John stood in front of his closet and examined his reflection in the head-high mirror at the front. With a wry smile, he straightened his new jumper. Just the right thing for NSY’s Christmas party. A really ugly, green jumper with a large reindeer and a penguin in the middle and small hearts and little bells embroidered around them.
Of course, the waiter had to come over at that moment to ask if everything was okay. “No, nothing is okay! I’m being left here right now! He just can’t do that to me!” she complained in a tearful tone.
“Whoah…!” John exclaimed with a startled look “What the hell are you wearing, Sherlock? I thought you wouldn't…” with an audible click of his teeth, he closed his mouth and just stared.
During the meal, Angie kept talking happily. Mainly they talked about her Barbie doll collection, “I have collected at least 30 pieces. Four of them are definitely precious!”, while John tried to put on his most enraptured expression. That explains her outfit, John thought, trying not to let his mind wander too much.
"That can't be anything special." Sherlock interrupted him trying to rebuild his usual protective cover out of arrogance and aloofness.
John had unpacked the stool and placed it in the middle of the living room to inspect it. “What… is this, Sherlock?” he asked hesitantly and walked another lap around the new piece of furniture.
Glancing at the screen, he caught his own soppy grin. Lifting his mug, he tried to hide it, wondering if any of his colleagues had noticed - if his boss had. Clearing his throat and taking another sip of tea, John tried to set his focus back on the presentation, only to be reminded a short time later why he had lost it in the first place.
John took a sip of his coke and typed his answer, pressing the keys harder than absolutely necessary.
“He’s my friend, Sherlock, and I want to meet him, That’s all. Your friend too, by the way.”
He finally decided on dark blue jeans, a black button-down, and his favorite red cardigan. With a sigh, he closed the door of the wardrobe.
With a sense of relief, he grabbed his jacket from the coat rack and rushed out of the restaurant toward 221B Baker Street.
“Sherlock!”
Now he just had to put his idea into practice.
“What can I get you to drink?” he asked with a wink in Angie’s direction.
John pressed two fingers to the bridge of his nose, closed his eyes in annoyance, “Sure…” and grabbed his green jacket on his way downstairs.
John reached out to check his phone- no messages. Of course, the only man he regularly texted was in the same flat as him right now, and apparently terribly busy thinking about that case of his. John scrolled back through their recent texts.
“Right? - You have to explain to me later why this is so important for you.”  John smirked.
“Do you, though?“ The question echoed through Sherlock’s brain, thoughts chasing each other.
What have you done?
John hadn’t been very lucky with his dates lately. Every time he had one, something happened. Either a case came up or he was interrupted by text messages from Sherlock.
With one last appraising look in the mirror, John turned towards the stairs and made his way into the kitchen to have a last cup of tea before they had to make their way to the party.
“Sorry, Angie, this is my flatmate. Ignoring him will only make things worse.”
And to Johnlock2708 for co-writing this with me - it was so much fun and I hope we can do this again soon. You have become a friend in such a short time and I enjoy our zoom meetings tremendously.
No. I told you, I’m on a date!
“You’re always in the middle of an important experiment, Sherlock.”
When he reached the landing, he turned towards the kitchen.
“Yes, John.” Sherlock sighed.
“Exactly.”
John scowled. This didn’t go the way he wanted. The moment he took a breath to answer, his phone vibrated again.
Angie looked up, surprised by the sudden outburst.
Now, knowing he had to seem interested a least, it was more akin to torture and John felt he would soon surpass Sherlock-levels of boredom. He clicked through the participants, noticing his colleagues were in a similar state as him, awkwardly sitting around the most presentable corners of their homes. Maybe they should all be glad to not have to do this in person, as it was a bit easier to distract themselves this way.
(06:51 pm) Sherlock:
“Yeah… Coke’s good.” John answered while scowling the waiter away.
John had decided that he was quite safe from the latter, as he was tucked away in the corner behind the desk. Also, Sherlock had not been home when John had set up his workspace, away on a case that had taken him all morning to solve. And apart from his weird behavior when he had returned home, the detective had been very well behaved so far.
"Okay, if you say so," John smirked again "then let's get it over. - Oh, and Sherlock? No weird behavior, please. This meeting is mandatory and my new boss is on there."
John had stayed at home to prepare for an online meeting that he had later that day with some representatives from St. Barts, something about a new working concept at the surgery. More than boring as far as Sherlock was concerned.
Thank you, Kat, for beta reading
Are you on your way back? Can you bring some milk, please?
Secondly, John could have just come onto him. He was a flirt, John, and a good one at that, his charm coming as natural to him as deductions to Sherlock. But Sherlock would have expected a raised eyebrow or a lick of his lip.
“I suggest a ten-minute break. We will meet back up at 1:45.” The lecturer for once looked up from his script, smiling widely and the screen turned black, hiding John’s sigh of relief from the other participants. God, he was thankful the microphones were turned off.
Ruffling his hair one more time, Sherlock stepped out of his bedroom and into the kitchen, where John was just preparing two mugs of tea.
First – and if it weren’t for the look on John’s face, Sherlock wouldn’t have even considered the other options - John might be taking the piss. A jumper like this just seemed an invitation to an entire variety of jokes, a risk Sherlock had calculated when choosing the jumper.
Now he was in front of this small but cozy-looking thai restaurant. With Angie. Angie wore a pink, tight-fitting dress and black stilettos and fake jewelry - a glittering bracelet and a matching necklace. A small, black handbag on a narrow, silver-colored chain completed the cheap look. At least she hadn’t put on an excessive amount of makeup. Is this really the woman I met at Tesco? John thought as he opened the door for her. Yesterday she had looked different: jeans, a simple top, and flat shoes. But now… A quick look at her butt made John think that perhaps she still was the right one to make him forget the stress of the past few days.
“And I want soup.”
John found them on top of his old uniform and pulled them on over his head. He wrapped a towel around his waist. “Yep, yeah, one moment.”
John nosed along the barrier of his pants. “These off, too,” John said summarily.
“You are going to die of embarrassment when you sober up.”
But then they were climbing in the cab, and the moment was lost.
He was led back to a small recovery room where Sherlock was reclining in a hospital bed. His eyes were closed, but he didn’t appear to be asleep.
Sherlock left for the lab around half seven. John was still in bed. Sherlock pulled on his gloves, signature coat already on his shoulders, and pushed the door open to look in their bedroom. He was surprised to find that John hadn’t gotten up yet, and was still just a soft ruffle of hair sticking up from their thick winter comforter. Sherlock smiled and carefully shut the door without waking him.
For a few moments, the only sounds in the room were stifled chokes and the dull slide and thump of Sherlock toeing off his shoes from his place on the bed.
When he arrived in the town square, however, it was to the king and Sherlock standing above the commoners on the hanging platform (there were few things for entertainment in this kingdom other than hangings, so they stopped calling it a stage shortly after it was built). Sherlock was wearing only his loose white linen undershirt, pulled down to expose his right shoulder. The king was standing beside him on the platform, looking put out.
John Watson woke every morning to the harmony of song birds.
“I don’t have much interest either way, but for you, I could make an exception.” He turned his head toward John. “You’re just too irresistible.”
Me reading over this to edit: "It's not a threat it's a warning"
John put a bit extra speed in his step, pulling up on Sherlock’s other side. “Sherlock, what are we doing here?”
“So, who’s this Alex guy?” Lestrade obliged John.
“Mmm, army, soldier,” Sherlock said in a low tone. His mouth pulled up at the corner, the effect somewhat ruined by the cotton shoved in his cheeks. “All the nice girls like a man in uniform.”
Sherlock sat upright on the couch and looked back at John. “That’s not the conclusion to which I came.”
“Ooh that must’ve been fun,” Alex said playfully. “Did your little helper figure it out for you again?”
Sherlock sobered up. “Yes, I’m starting to not like the way he treats me either.”
“Yeah, are they still dating?”
But tonight, he was determined. John mouthed along Sherlock’s pale neck, his hand rubbing sweet friction up his outer thigh.
And ye, on the third day, Sherlock awoke. Or rather, gasped, and sat up with extraordinary speed.
“Right,” John breathed, feeling as though his brain was floating away from him.
John stopped in his tracks, halfway back to the sitting room. He had been waiting for Sherlock to confirm that he didn’t so he could finish inviting him to go see a movie in the theaters with him (Sherlock, as John had recently learned, was actually an excellent movie goer. Plop him down in the seat with a family sized bucket of popcorn and he could be silent and attentive for a whole two hours. It was incredible. John thought it might be something in the popcorn butter.), and was thrown off by this change in the script.
There was a tense pause on the other side of the phone, and then a sigh. “Okay. Well. I’ll see him when I see him, I guess. Goodbye.”
“John?” Sherlock’s deep voice came through. “Are you alright?”
“I’m still attractive. A secretary at the clinic flirted with me the other day.”
“I said why doesn’t Alex just like you for yourself? Why do you have to change?”
John took this in stride, since he’d just heard Sherlock tell him the same outside.
“Oh! Wait is it em, the Scottish guy--”
Not John. John shook his head sharply. Sherlock riding Alex--
Lestrade looked askance at John, “Professor Cameron? From the Pythagoras case? I think it was Dimmock on that one, actually.”
He sighed and gave up on the pillow over his ears. He swung his legs out of bed, cracking his back and stretching his bad shoulder. The birds, pushy little shits that they were, were making up his morning sponge bath.
“Well you’re going to tell me, so.” John said.
“Obvious, husband cross-dressing.”
John caught her eyes. “Hey, how are you?”
Sherlock grunted.
“Yes, no, I got that. But are you two, erm, serious?”
“Bit of an overreaction, hmm?” a warm voice said.
Sherlock grumbled.
Fuck ya two cents if it aint goin toward the bills!! The song playing is "Good as Hell" by Lizzo.
Another aborted moan, not one that sounded like Sherlock. Not that John knew what Sherlock’s sex moans sounded like-- pain moans, yes, but how different could they be?
He walked to the stop he’d missed, but the train was delayed so he sat on the bench and took out his phone. He realized that the night before he’d plugged his phone in to a charger that itself wasn’t plugged into the wall, which resulted in him now having only seven percent battery while waiting for the bus. And because he was a responsible adult, he couldn’t use that seven percent to play games and fuck about while waiting because what if there was an emergency and Sherlock needed to call him? So he stared at the building opposite for thirty seven minutes until the bus arrived and took him, thankfully swiftly, home.
John mouthed what? up at the ceiling in amazement. “Okay, how about this: This teenager says he always does his work correctly, almost every question perfect, and yet he’s failing the class. He thinks his maths professor is trading his scores for another student’s.”
“I’m in love with you too,” Sherlock said, so plainly. Like nothing was a secret to him.
Lestrade laughed. “Kind of interested to see how this turns out, rather. Talk later.”
“No, no,” the other debater said. “What if he doesn’t want to, you know, be with us?”
“No, not really,” the first debater mused, popping a donut hole in his mouth.
The stepped out of the cab, Sherlock helpfully paying the driver for once. John would be worried that he was altering his behavior after Alex took shots at his levels of kindness, if it weren’t for how much money he was saving.
“Hey! No, no more jokes. I’m serious. I don’t like the way he treats you.”
“No!” Sherlock said, eyes snapping open. “I don’t want to go to a clinic.”
“And I’m Alexander Cameron, professor of physics at Imperial College.”
Sherlock, feeling a turning in his stomach beyond hunger pangs, gathered up his samples. He forced himself not to walk hurriedly returning them to Bart’s, and spoke slower than his usual breakneck pace to place his order at their usual chinese.
“More hands make light work,” John shrugged, taking a sip of his tea.
They arrived at the teacher’s office, the teenager, Teddy, that had messaged them, already waiting across the desk from his maths teacher.
Sherlock looked hard at John. Opened his mouth, closed it again. “Not important. I think the song is over now and I can go sit out there again until you’re ready to leave.”
Sherlock reclined back on the bed, clearly dizzy, now addressed his harassment to the ceiling. “Not the only thing I learned.”
“A little bit of bending does not a break make, mo ghràdh.”
Sherlock gasped. “Oh god, very lucky me then. Coming home to a sexy soldier every night.”
He smiled tastefully at John. John looked back over at Sherlock, who was eyeing the professor with his brows furrowed. “Professor Cameron.”
They were over the worst of it. The choked conversations, the British avoidance, the confessions shot through with fear of abandonment.
The second debater sighed and ripped off his duct tape.
“I am, yeah,” John said slowly.
“Very fast, actually. How could you tell the poison was in the milk without testing it?”
John shook his head. “Anyway. So you’re not married to your work anymore?”
John snorted. “I’ve had a hard life, doesn’t mean I need to go to some fancy ball and get all gussied up for nothing.”
“Well, it’s just… You said you were married to your work.”
Sherlock nodded, looking entirely dazed. He turned to look up at John, who had come over to hand him a cup of tea.
John, despite his sigh, got out of his chair to get his jacket and wallet. “See, ordering me around like a servant, demanding a feast,” John pulled his jacket off the hook and shrugged it on. “Reclining on your throne all day-- all you’re missing is a--”
“Why did you have to be so mean to the teacher?”
Sherlock was sitting on the sinks, not in the toilets, just as John had expected.
“Fucking stupid dances,” John muttered to himself, unconciously smoothing a hand down his suit jacket just to feel the rich fabric under his calloused fingers. “What are these rich bastards doing all day that they have time to learn all of that shit?”
“How can your brain possibly work faster than mine?” Sherlock didn’t mean it to be insulting, and he did have a point, so John let that slide.
“Lucky me. I’d been wanting to go home with you anyway.”
For just a moment, Sherlock’s wide eyes and pleading voice made him appear as a scared and desperate child. Then his eyebrows descended and he said, “You’re a doctor, at least in name. Do something about it if you want to prove your competency.”
Sherlock set the chinese bag down on the kitchen table and forced himself to calmly remove his gloves and scarf. He left the coat on, now too impatient. There was no sense in both of them getting worked up, but Sherlock made no sense without John anyway.
“Right. Okay,” John said. “I need to have a little think myself, luckily I don’t take as long as you.”
He sighed heavily. “I have.”
Sherlock and John were married a short time after. John imposed rules on treatment of servants, and Sherlock pushed Mycroft’s long nose in the fact that his younger brother got married before him. Sherlock learned to care for his own horses, and John learned how to dance with the ton. Cinderella didn’t ever become plot relevant, and they all lived happily ever after.
“My arms?” John asked. He smirked as Sherlock blushed. The prince! John had made the prince blush!
Sherlock neatly flipped the photo in his fingers to reveal John’s neat handwriting on the back that indicated the members of the photo.
“A case, did you forget already?”
The nurse paused, glanced at the patient who was in a coma on the bed in front of them. “I do, yeah.”
“I’d have liked to see that,” Lestrade said smoothly, dropping his voice deeper.
John stood, but Sherlock stayed down, gently patting on and around the girl’s body, carefully avoiding mussing any evidence. “Ah! Even better!” He held a cell phone aloft pinched in his fingers.
John really was picking up a lot from Sherlock. He had to put the effort in, but when he did, he started to see things that came a lot more easily to Sherlock-- but didn’t come to most people at all. The wear of the furniture-- not replaced in a few years, but not secondhand. Middle class. Single child-- no other children in the family pictures, only three coats on the hooks by the door. Both parents working; two pairs of restaurant non-slip shoes by the door, one pair smaller. Latchkey kid-- what else could they be, if both parents worked?
“Sherlock is gorgeous.”
Sherlock was playing his violin when John came home after work.
“You were my first companion, excluding Billy.”
John turned to face Sherlock, who was glaring down at him from the other end of the taxi seat. “People can compliment me, you know. It’s not against the law to flirt with John Watson.”
“Mate, I have no bleeding idea.”
“Sleep over?”
“Don’t ask me how I learned that, it’s not mine to impart.”
John doesn’t like to advertise the fact, but he tends to talk to himself. Not aloud or anything, but inside his head, two miniature versions of himself (the crank being operated by the third) debated back and forth like sports gambits near constantly.
John paused from where he’d been cutting the crusts off of his sandwich. He had realized that Sherlock really only ate the crusts of toasts, so when he made a sandwich for himself, he cut off his least favorite part and gave them to Sherlock.
“We’re going to have to talk to him,” Sherlock hissed.
“Hmm?”
“And we are?”
John’s crank man threw his hands up in frustration. “Excuse me?”
“I worry I’ll never have a normal family,” the grizzly detective inspector said to John, and then to Sherlock, “Who’s this?”
So, someone who Alison spent time with, clearly quite close to based on her proximity in the photo. Picture taken through glass, photo hung lower than the others; the parents didn’t like these friends and the friends wouldn’t willingly submit to being photographed.
“And you’re uncomfortable with our relationship, so I don’t see the harm in excluding the physical parts of our relationship from the location of 221B. Alex disagreed.”
When he checks out at the store, the cashier cheerfully says, “I have never been in love with my husband. Receipt’s in the bag, have a nice one!”
John smiled at Sherlock. He gently laid his hand over the bruise, which did indeed fit perfectly. “Sorry, got a bit tense.”
“Love, please, let me touch you,” John said, biting into the crux of his neck, eliciting a sharp groan. Sherlock reached down and unfastened his trousers with schoolboy eagerness. John let out a chuckle, completely enamored.
“Did you give me the wrong answer?” Sherlock demanded.
“Have you ever even seen Wolf of Wall Street? It’s cool, it’s a fashionable profession.”
“Just sit down for a minute if you’re dizzy.”
Sherlock glanced over at Alex, and when they made eye contact, a light blush crept up Sherlock’s neck. “I retrieved it from the trash can.”
“Fine, princess, what exactly do you want?” John said, the exasperation hidden behind the laughter in his tone.
“What brings you to Imperial?”
“John! John Watson!”
John frowned at the floor. He wasn’t sure how to do this. “I’ve been feeling really… bad, lately. Depressed, actually.” He looked up at the nurse, who was looking back at him sadly. “Do you ever feel like that?”
“No, actually, he almost never leaves his room nowadays. Are you with the police?”
Sherlock’s lip curled up. “I’m not going to whip you! What do you think princes do, really?”
He obediently followed Sherlock to the body he was bent over. “Must be a poison. Based on the vomit and amount of blood in the uh, fecal matter, I’d say something homemade. Cleaning chemicals, seems most likely.”
John had run out of metaphors for his thought process. Nothing existed in his head at all except for this image, Sherlock being kissed, Alex partially obscuring his blushing, adorable face with his stupid head, and John standing across the table from the vignette, very much not being included. It was almost like that time his therapist had tried to get him to meditate by letting all of his thoughts go and only focusing on one thing; at the time, John had thought it entirely impossible. Now, however, his brain was seriously empty as it tried to move beyond dumbly staring at Sherlock’s soft, dramatic-shaped lips and being desperately furious they weren’t touching his own.
“You won’t believe me if I told you.”
“Nothing, just, I was going to say… He rubs me the right way.”
(See the end of the chapter for
The police also found chatroom records between Chris and each of the victims found in the warehouse. Chris had been detailing the conspiracy theories to each person, showing them “proof” of the creatures that were going to take over the world, telling them that they would control the mind of whoever they chose to inhabit and torture them, a fate worse than death.
“What, the poison wasn’t-- Hold on, Sherlock, did you just intentionally mislead the police on a murder case?”
John barely made it out to the driveway before his silk shoes turned back to worn leather. He unhitched his horse himself, and rode him.
“Of course not, I still had a trust fund, my parents are rich as kings,” Sherlock replied neutrally. “I just make some money of my own, as well. And Mycroft helps, though I deny that help where I can.”
It only took a week, seven days of which Sherlock complained nonstop about the pain in his head, the boredom of waiting for a case, or every single meal or drink that John brought to him, for Sherlock to recover.
“The stock market. Do it all from my phone, I have a trader who sets up most for me, and I just give him nudges when I see a market trend in my daily life.”
The ginger surgeon nodded. “Fine, yeah. Came through alright, he’s resting now. We had some problems with dosage, unfortunately. Does he have any history of drug use?”
“Could it be racial tension? You did call him “the Macfucker.”” Sherlock wondered.
“Well, he’s dating someone else now.”
“Have sex.”
John smirked, and edited the answer on the computer screen to move the answer up one space. He hit enter.
“I did. We love him.”
John nodded with force, “Yes, yes, you definitely did.”
“Words, Sherlock, use real words,” John said.
John set down his tea mug. He leaned forward and put his thumb and pointer on the bridge of his nose and took a deep breath.
John grunted. He got quite enough of that at home. “Not obvious to me.”
John rinsed himself off, smiling to himself. A knock sounded on the door.
John smiled into his glass. “I did sort of, didn’t I?”
“Not that it’s any of your business, but yes, it is Alexander.”
He looked at the homework, and then at the screen. He tilted his head, and then held the paper up next to the screen.
“Hello, Sherlock Holmes,” Sherlock extended his hand through the small gap in the door. The man opened the door further to shake it. “We’re investigating the death of Alison Hitch, we’d very much appreciate an opportunity to interview your son.”
“So, Sherlock, still dating that Scottish berk?” Lestrade said, turning away slightly to direct his question to the back of the chair.
All the same, when I servant, only a few years younger than John, came to take the reins of his horse, John reached in his waistcoat pocket. A generous few gold coins magically filled his hand, and he happily handed it to the horse boy. He smiled with genuine happiness, and the anger burning in John’s throat dissipated.
Sherlock looked over at him.
“He wants me to be nicer, as you just saw demonstrated. And yet, also less-- considerate.”
“You know, I was hoping I’d get to see your genius in action today,” Alex said, popping a bite of garlic bread into his mouth. “But instead I got to see you beaten by your little doctor companion.”
“We don’t have soup.”
John just gives a tight smile and hopes that she doesn’t pee while they’re sharing a plastic bus bench.
He took his hand, and smiled. John Watson was not second line.
“Playing the stock market is cool?”
“Right, ehm… We have a couple who says their dog--”
“Considerate how?”
Sherlock got up hurriedly, and John followed his gut and trailed him. Sherlock went into the bathroom, and after ten minutes of standing outside the door, John sighed and followed him in.
“Alright, Sherlock?” John asked, leaning his head in from the kitchen.
John frowned at that comment, but before he could respond, Sherlock said, “Yes, well, I have the brains but John has common sense. Which really isn’t quite so common now, though.”
“We love him as a MATE,” the other half said.
The images were disturbing, but not as bad as the crime that he’d committed in convincing all of those people to join him in the abandoned outskirt and drink poison.
“So here we have a professor from Imperial College, best in his field, telling you that your student is doing perfect work and should be receiving straight marks, and yet you still claim that he’s failing the class? Are you an idiot or in fact, malicious? Whose grades are you trading for Teddy’s here? Your own child attends this school, is it in fact their failing grades you’re foisting on him for your own boasting rights?”
John snorted. “Fuck his change. Not going toward your rent, is it?”
“If wishes were horses,” John said, barely cutting himself off before he called him Macfucker.
“Well, you called him an idiot and an imbecile.”
Sherlock smiled serenely back at him. “Yes I did, but best not to dwell on the past. We had a good run, Alex, but I’ve got my first choice now. Toodles,” Sherlock said, brushing past the stunned professor on the path. John glanced up at his face, just to memorize the horrified look, before walking around his other side and reconnecting with Sherlock.
“Like you’re not just going on a date to learn more about human nature or something, are you?”
The photo was of Alison and some friends. Her arms were around a tall, athletic teenager with long blonde hair tied back in a ponytail. He was wearing a loose tee shirt and tight, dark pants. He was definitely attractive, more than anyone else in the picture, and Alison was snuggled tightly into his side. On his other side was another girl, dark haired and smiling weakly, turned half away from the photographer. There was a third friend, what looked to be another boy on Alison’s other side, who was blurred like he’d walked out of frame. John couldn’t be sure, but he thought he’d seen the other girl on the floor in the warehouse, too.
I never intended to make a second part to this, but it is actually very cathartic for me so I hope someone else is feeling comfort from it too.
John put his phone back in his pocket, shaking his head at Alex’s short tone. “He’s angry with you, Sherlock.”
After about a month of this, Sherlock regularly ducking out in his ridiculously tight shirts and smiling secretively at his phone, John asked, “So, are you and Alex getting on well?”
John swallowed, stomach heating at gazing into Sherlock’s eyes. “Yes, of course.”
“I asked Sherlock to make sure my husband died,” Mrs. Hudson smiled at him. “If you’ll be needing two bedrooms.”
Sherlock smiled the teethy smile that said “We’d love if you agreed, but you’d really, really hate it if you didn’t agree.”
John looked up with a proud smile to show Sherlock that he was following along perfectly and met Sherlock’s eyes. The rumors had been true in that way, at least. Sherlock’s eyes were inscrutable in color, changing from blue to gray to green to amber as they turned in and out of the candle light. John felt as mesmerized as if he were looking at a rainbow.
He didn’t get far into his normal routine-- he had only mucked out one of the stalls, before the quartermaster dragged him away. He had to ride into town, he told John. The king was calling upon every young man in the kingdom. With no more information than that, John rode into town as quickly as he could, desperately hoping they weren’t engaged in some war that was going to get him shot with another arrow.
John was surprised to feel his own phone buzz a moment later. It was an unknown number.
“Hello?”
John giggled, only half acting because Lestrade was actually being quite amusing.
Sherlock’s eyes closed, his entire face following the motion. “Infection.”
Was that a groan? Oh god. Oh, god. John gritted his teeth. He did not want to hear Sherlock getting a leg over.
So they sat there, Sherlock crosslegged and telling John every detail of his day, filling in every second that John had lain motionless on his pillow. For just this day, and many days in the past, and surely, though tragically, days in the future, Sherlock lived for the both of them.
Sherlock shrugged. “He said it was for the best that I did. Since it wasn’t likely I was going to change.”
“Uh, hi Alex. How can I help you?”
The nurse shrugged uncomfortably. “I go see a movie in the theatres, get a big thing of popcorn and just try to forget my problems for a few hours.”
“Because Sherlock has a boyfriend now?” Mike asked skeptically, taking a sip from his beer.
Sherlock turned his head back up toward the phone.
Sherlock retrieved the food and brought forks. John had already scooted up in bed, dragged at his face with his pajama sleeves. He smelled of their warm bed and cold sweat.
“You remember about a month ago, that cult case, where Sherlock got the call from his boyfriend?”
"You sure you're alright?" John asks worried.
The taxi driver, in agony, shakes his head.
"Seen a lot of injuries then. Violent deaths?"
"Nowhere. Fresh air, just popping out for a moment."
"Not really in the mood for food."
"Sherlock!" John yells out.
"This is great, Mrs. Hudson, thanks again so much for doing this."
Before she reaches him, the cabbie pulls her arm back sharply. "Stay in your place, little one, let the man make his decision."
"Grace, thank God you're okay," John smiles. "I'm sorry I couldn't stay after. I had to...deal with something." He's unsure how a member of Scotland Yard is going to feel about him killing the cabbie before he could be taken in for questioning.
"Yeah. True. But he wasn't a very nice man."
"No way, Greg, you should have called me in. This is my first case at Scotland Yard. I'm not going to miss any of it."
Andrea, looking up from her Blackberry, asks, "Sorry, sir, whose status?"
Sherlock takes the pill out of the bottle and holds it up to the light, examining it.
"Oh, her," Sherlock looks bored. "You aren't already trying to move in with the woman John, you barely met her."
" I know exactly who that is," Sherlock explains, starting towards the man.
"John…" Sherlock warns.
"She asked, John. Let me give the woman what she wants," he scolds before continuing, "Detective Grace White. American, from New York, but not born there. About 26 years of age. Last name suspiciously caucasian, but your appearance clearly shows East Asian, Korean to be more specific. Adopted by a Mr. and Mrs. White and brought back to America at a very young age, given you have no discernible accent or English-impediment. Desperate to fit in with the Whites in more ways than one, indicated by the boxed blonde-dyed hair with absolutely no sign of a natural color on your head. Am I right so far?"
"Damn it, out of order," she curses under her breath, looking for the entrance to the stairs. Down at the end of the hall, she finds the stairs and begins running up, looking into each of the classrooms quickly while shouting for Sherlock.
"Always so aggressive. Does it never occur to you that you and I belong on the same side?"
"Bit of trouble too, I bet."
“Yeah, this is more fun.”
"Stop it, we can't giggle. It's a bloody crime scene, stop," John tries to reprimand Sherlock but can't but laugh himself.
"The shoulder. I thought so."
"I'm sorry?"
Sherlock staggers back in shock, the pill falling from his hand. Looking to the broken window, he sees an empty building across from them. Turning to the taxi driver and Grace, he hurries over.
Sherlock turns to look at John. "I thought you were looking for a flatmate."
"Yes, dear, just down this way," Mrs. Hudson calls up the stairs ushering Grace down to the basement flat below 221B.
Her heart almost jumps out of her throat as she realizes Sherlock is the one with the gun pointed to him and not the other way around. She pushes through the doors, and yells out, "Scotland Yard! Stay where you are!"
"So! Another case cracked. How very public spirited of you. Though that's never really ever your motivation, is it?" the man speaks.
"I could use a drink though," she interrupts.
"Yes, well I suppose I ought to ask you as well. What is your acquaintance to my dear brother?"
Meeting his hand, Grace replies, "Nice to meet you, Mr. Holmes. Pleased to make your acquaintance."
"Not in a police car. I'll be right behind you."
"Ah, Sally. Yes - we saw him leave earlier. He's off to look for a pink suitcase. Thinks it's the key to finding the killer, and I'm apt to believe him, seeing as Lestrade has said he's been right so many times before."
"Bit not good, yeah."
Rolling his eyes, Lestrade answers, "Jennifer Wilson's only daughter."
“Yes,” Sherlock states plainly. “You are? I feel like I would have noticed you given you are seemingly so keen to interrupt.”
"Ah, Grace. Sorry for the noise, I didn't want to bother you on your day off. But yes, this is a...drugs bust."
"Where are you going?"
"Yes, sorry," Sherlock calls over and Sally moves on, but not before putting a reassuring hand on Grace's shoulder. Grace nods to Sally then moves to join John and Sherlock.
"Who are you?" the unidentified man asks.
"What about your taxi…" Mrs. Hudson asks again.
"What?"
"Well, yes, 221C is open, but I thought you two were going to be living together here in 221B. I've only prepared the one flat, you see, the other needs a bit of clean up. No one has really wanted to take it before."
"Father: British, Mother: American, then. Keen on adopting in 'exotic' countries. Likely from your disposition and educational history, they were well off financially. Wouldn't have stopped at one child. Children are like cars for people like that - they need at least one each."
Now on the street outside 221B, the two flag down a taxi. "Where to?" the cabbie calls back.
“You know what it was, you’ve read the papers.”
"I just met Sherlock, yesterday. We've been working on this case together."
"Yes. I've been hearing about your 'concern'."
"Yes, how very clever of you, after I basically spelled it entirely out. At least you can pay attention, unlike Anderson over there," he points his thumb over his shoulder to Anderson who has since turned around to look at the commotion with his arms crossed defensively.
The taxi driver just looks up at him, the tiniest hint of a smile forming, refusing to reply.
"A drugs bust?" The men turn to see Grace, who is standing in the doorway, not yet used to all the noise from upstairs in her new living situation.
"It's here. It's in 221 Baker Street," John points to the graphic on the screen. A map of London, with a target symbol is hovering over Baker Street.
"Mother. Our Mother," Sherlock explains dryly. "This is my brother, Mycroft." He glances back at Mycroft, "Are you putting on weight?"
"Well, yes."
Suddenly, she sees John lift his head to stare through the window on the top floor of her building, his eyes going wide before he burst into a sprint up the last flight of stairs. Following his lead, she runs up the stairs and comes across the last classroom.
The cabbie's clutching at his chest, blood spurting, choking. Grace, white shirt and left cheek covered in a spray of blood scrambles up and wipes her face.
"We'll just have a map reference, not a name!" Lestrade shouts, exasperated.
“She was writing ‘Rachel’?” Lestrade gestures to where ‘RACHE’ is etched into the ground beside the body.
"It was nice meeting you," John starts, extending his hand to Grace.
"Were you hit?" Sherlock frantically looks over her, finding no physical injuries.
"Very good."
Outside the college building, inside the police lines, Sherlock sits on the back steps of an ambulance with a blanket around his shoulders.
"I've been too slow. She didn't have a laptop, which means did her business on her phone. So it's a smartphone. It's email enabled, so there's a website for her account."
Turning to look at Anderson, Sherlocks gives him a little wave, mockingly as the policeman continues to search the kitchen.
Sherlock's mobile beeps. "What? Yes, yes," He replies distracted.
"No, you didn't. That's how you get your kicks, isn't it? Risking your life to prove you're clever."
"So, this is all…"
"Don't blame me. You shot him!"
"Sure thing, buddy."
Sherlock stares at the pill, as his hand starts to raise the pill.
"I'm right then, of course." Sherlock gloats, "Now this brings us to you in London. Why would you leave for another country and leave behind the father you so idolized to work at the job he left behind? You wouldn't. You left because there was nothing left for you to leave. Your father died not long ago, seeing as the pain still visibly shows on your face at mention of him and, given you so rapidly moved to London, it was likely not of natural causes. No, instead it was too painful to stay there because your father was killed, and given you are following in his footsteps in Scotland Yard, he didn't kill himself, but was instead killed by someone else. You're here to finish what he couldn't in London."
Sherlock grabs his laptop and opens his browser. "John, the luggage label, it had an email address on it."
“Serial killers, always hard. You’ve got to wait for them to make a mistake…”
"This is childish," Sherlock pouts.
“Of course, yes. But what mistake?” Lestrade asks again, trying to push a comprehensible answer from the detective who he could have sworn had gone mad, if he wasn’t already before.
“Then why are you interrupting me?” Sherlock asked, slightly upset while giving John his ‘don’t be stupid’ look.
The guy had put the box where Sherlock wanted it and then shuffled off with a mumbled greeting.
Sherlock was on his way back from a crime scene that he’d visited with Lestrade. Unfortunately, the case wasn’t even a five, a six at most, and usually, not even a reason for him to leave the flat. But this time, he owed Lestrade a favor, having escaped the paperwork on the last few cases. He had solved the case quickly and was now more bored than he was before. He walked down the street, scowling as he considered what to do with the rest of the day.
