“Yes, I did,” Jack replied, and Dean tightened his jaw and cleared his throat to avoid the emotions bubbling up to the surface.
“Well, Joey,” Cas looked down at her with a serious look, “We can go up to the kitchen and bring you food down here.”
“Are you telling me what to do right now?” Cas whispered as she walked directly up to his toes, poking a finger sharply into his chest, “Do I need to remind you that it was
“Love you, Bubba,” she said quietly before moving forward and giving him a long, strong hug. Past Jack squeezed her back before slowly standing and looking at his future self, nodding.
“No no,” Sam spoke quickly, holding his hands out as he pushed past Cas to rush towards her, giving Dean a quick glare, “It’s okay.”
“Instead of admitting that I forgot the fucking ring, I looked at the ground and saw a random keychain someone had thrown onto the stage from the crowd. It was something weird, like a rabbit’s foot or something. I snatched it up when Cas wasn’t looking and hid the fur in my palm, holding up the metal ring part of the keychain.
Dean drew a sharp breath, then coughed when the pain arose again, “I thought you healed me, why does it still hurt like a bitch?”
“I don’t know,” Dean reached up and rubbed the back of his neck before gesturing towards Cas and Joey with his head, “Why am I acting like that? I don’t comfort people.”
“No, you’ve just nonchalantly mentioned countless times in the past year that hunters can’t have relationships,” Cas tightened his lips together, breathing heavily through his nose before continuing, “For which you have no real foundation.”
“Yes Dean?” she whispered, her other hand reaching to the back of his neck to play with the short hair there.
“It’s okay,” Past Jack took a deep breath and shrugged. He looked out over the small valley surrounded by woods and smiled when he saw Castiel’s truck coming up the road.
“Please don’t start calling me god,” Jack had said, a worried look on his face. The surrounding humans and entities all openly laughed for the first time in days, and Jack just shook his head with a smile.
“Dean,” Cas interrupted, scooting over on the car seat to place a gentle hand on Dean’s shoulder, “I know you. If I wanted a ‘normal’ first date, I wouldn’t have asked you.”
remind you, Dean Winchester, that I pulled you out of hell,” she hissed, her nose barely an inch from the end of his, “And just because I am currently carrying your child does not mean I won’t throw you right back in.”
“You just had to take Cas running with you, didn’t you?” Dean groaned as he dramatically dropped his arms to his side and rolled his eyes.
“Hey, no flying away,” Dean held up a finger with one hand and gripped her hip with the other so she couldn’t move.
“So Joey,” Sam smiled down at her as he walked over to the table and sat across from her, “You know who we all are?”
“Yes I can,” Joey interrupted sharply, her head jerking up to stare into his eyes, her own silver orbs flashing at him. Dean raised an eyebrow and she let out a long breath, her eyes fading to her normal blue before she continued, “You just don’t understand.”
“Or,” Dean looked up at Cas with pursed lips before slowly turned back to Joey, “If she promises not to fly away, we can all go up to the kitchen together.”
“You know that Jack would never do anything to hurt her, Dean,” Cas locked eyes with the hunter and tilted his chin down slightly.
“I want The Lion King,” she smiled as she grabbed Cas and Dean’s hands and led them to the loveseat Sam had recently bought off Craigslist, shoving them onto it next to each other. Dean cleared his throat and wiggled to the side as far as he could, but their thighs were still plastered against each other. He turned to glance at Cas, who was sitting perfectly still with his hands splayed open on his knees. The angel looked over and shot him a small smile before looking back to where Sam was pulling up Netflix on the tv.
“You. You’re my problem,” Cas held his arms out for a moment before letting them fall back to his sides.
“It’s okay, I’ll just put you all back to whatever you were doing,” Jack sighed, nodding for the three of them to place their hands on his arm. Once they did, it was only a brief moment before Jack’s eyes lit up and he took a deep breath. Joey saw Dean peek one eye open and shoot her one last smile before the three men disappeared in front of her. Jack remained in his spot, and she waited until his eyes returned to normal before she stepped forward.
“Yeah,” Sam nodded as they pulled into the motel. Once he put the impala in park, he turned to tell Jack to wait a minute before rushing into their room but found that the kid was already opening the door and rushing out.
Cas gestured with his head towards the hallway, and the brothers followed him out of the room, leaving the door open to keep an eye on its single occupant.
“Yeah yeah, a butterfly flaps its wings, something crazy happens, whatever,” Dean wiggled his head with an eye roll, “Wouldn’t the crazy stuff have already happened though?”
Cas reached out and grabbed Dean’s hand, yanking it towards her. She pressed it against the swell of her abdomen, her eyes flashing a much brighter electric blue than was normal for her grace for a quick moment.
“Here she is,” Sam whispered, leaning down to place a quick kiss on her forehead before holding her out for Cas. The angel carefully pulled the infant into his arms, his breath catching as she wiggled slightly and made soft whining noises before snuggling into his chest.
“So an eight month old slash eight year old accidentally time traveled to our time because her parents were fighting?” Dean wrinkled his nose and shook his head, then scoffed and looked at Cas, “Man, apparently you and the Mrs. get into quite the argument in the future, huh?”
“Away from you,” Cas yelled. Dean rushed up and grabbed her wrist, only to have her instantly yank it from his grasp.
Joey’s face fell and she turned her head down, looking at her now empty bowl of cereal, “You don’t want me here either.”
Joey wiggled a little more before she looked to her sides and reached out, grabbing one of each of their hands and pulling them into her lap, intertwining their fingers with her own. She leaned over and rested her head on Dean’s arm, pulling her legs up to lay across Cas’ legs.
“I think it’s more likely that it’s because she’s Dean’s kid,” Sam scoffed from where he was leaning against the wall, “I’m sure she’s stubborn as hell.”
That night, the three of them were all watching a movie when Dean let out a big yawn, stretching his arms above his head. Cas leaned over on the couch and looked up at Dean with his big doe eyes, his eyebrows raised in question.
“I believe that that specific pick up line is insinuating sexual intercourse rather than actual sleeping, Dean.”
Throughout the movie, every single time Joey got restless and repositioned, it somehow brought Dean and Cas closer. Because she insisted on holding their hands, every slight movement pulled their shoulders down towards each other. By the time ‘Can you feel the love tonight’ started playing, their cheeks were so close above Joey’s head that if either of them turned, they would have no room between them.
“Like I got hit by a truck,” Dean muttered, one hand going to his head and rubbing the bridge of his nose. He closed his eyes and groaned as another wave of pain hit him.
Sam walked into the room, his eyebrows raised as he watched Dean begin to pace back and forth near his bed.
When he wiggled his shoulders and tried to sit up, Cas’ hand shot out and slapped onto his chest, holding him down.
Dean and Cas were in the motel room after Sam and Jack had decided to go out for a drink, leaving the two of them alone for the first time since Cas had been transformed. Dean initially wanted all of them to go out together, but after Sam brought up the fact that Cas would probably get hit on all night, Dean agreed that he and the angel would stay at the motel.
“Oh my god,” Sam held his hands up to interrupt, “Cas, I appreciate the sentiment, I really do, but I’m fine with being single.”
She opened her eyes and saw that both of her fathers had tears streaming down their faces as their eyes darted over her face as if to make sure she was okay.
“I know what Cas said,” Dean interrupted loudly, and he let out a sharp breath when he realized the little girl flinched at his volume.
“I saw the fight that her parents got into,” Jack continued, finally bringing his eyes up to look at Dean and Cas, “It wasn’t a man and a woman. It was two men.”
to say, is that my wonderful, attractive, not at all annoying husband of eleven years is the one who managed to convince me to record this. Well, and my agent, Charlie.
“Now, at this point we’re newlyweds, almost twenty-six, I’m fresh off of a new album release, and here comes this social worker with a two-year-old. When I say we were in over our head, I mean
His…boyfriend—although it was still weird to use that word, given the fact that said boyfriend was an angel of the lord and not just some twenty year old with a backwards baseball hat, though man if Cas wore a—
Joey giggled and swatted his hand away before sighing and smiling at him. “I love you, Bubba. Thank you.”
“Jack,” Dean shouted worriedly, rushing forward and placing his hands on the boy’s shoulders, “You okay?”
“So you, what,” Dean scoffed as he walked towards her, a slightly disapproving look on his face, “disintegrated the bag?”
“Angel,” Cas spoke softly as he bent over and lifted her chin with his thumb, “It was an accident. And from the sounds of it, if you hadn’t shown up we might not have made it out of that hunt.”
“Then I guess we should buy you some Claritin, baby,” Cas leaned forward and kissed the tip of Dean’s nose, making him blush.
Jack went up to their door and knocked five times, only waiting a few seconds before holding his hand above the handle and using his powers to unlock it. He ignored Sam calling after him and opened the door, his eyes scanning the room.
“We’ve done as much research as we can,” Jack spoke up softly, walking towards the brothers with a small smile, “There’s no reason to believe that Castiel won’t be able to handle this.”
“And now I’m going to stop you,” Jack interrupted, lowering his chin to glare at Dean, “She’s only eight months old, and she’s the child of a seraph. There’s no way she could’ve fabricated her memories.”
“No, I do,” Dean nodded, looking down at the hand on the angel’s chest, “There’s been too many times that I didn’t say it, and this is definitely a time when it needs to be said.”
“I know you are,” Cas reached over and gave Dean’s hand a quick squeeze before turning to look at the building, “Are you ready to go in?”
When he opened the door, he was surprised to find Cas sitting on the foot of the bed, her hands on her stomach. She looked up and when she realized who was standing there, rolled her eyes and stood up, walking to the side of the bed before flopping down onto her side.
“Yup, you look fine,” Dean cleared his throat and nodded again, then pushed on the space between her shoulders to guide her out of the dressing room. Cas stopped and turned around, leaning up on her tip toes and puckering her lips. Dean avoided her mouth, instead leaning to the side and placing a chaste kiss on her cheek.
“Don’t be sorry,” Cas interrupted, reaching up with his spare hand and resting it on Dean’s jawline, “I was just surprised, that’s all.”
They both carefully walked down the hall to the library, and Jack held out a hand to stop Joey when they heard Sam and Dean’s voices from around the corner.
“Cas,” he breathed out when those two small fingers pulled his waistband out, exposing his dick to the cool motel room air. He tightened his jaw and narrowed his eyes, finally allowing his hands to reach out and rest on the prominent hip bones that were showing through the way-too-tight tank top.
Joey turned and gave one last pensive glance down the empty hallway before looking back at her brother with a soft smile.
“Dean, we’ve looked down here a hundred times already,” Cas sighed as he followed his husband down the hall.
Joey pursed her lips in thought, looking up to the ceiling for a brief moment before snapping her eyes back to Dean’s face, “Mmm no.”
look at your private parts,” Sam shouted as he leaned just enough for his voice to be heard inside the room.
“Cas,” Sam exclaimed, running to the other side of the bed and pressing a hand to the angel’s shoulder, “Cas, can you hear me?”
“Maybe,” Cas responded, a twinkle in her eyes that Dean most definitely recognized. He narrowed his eyes before leaning forward and kissing her hard, running one hand down her side before reaching to the middle and grabbing his cock, nestling it right against her wet hole.
“Well, kind of,” Sam tilted his head side to side before gesturing to Cas with his hand, “You have dark hair and blue eyes.”
“I swear to god, Samuel William Winchester I will come out there and squat on top of your shoe if you don’t get in here and
“Wait,” Cas quickly shook her head, closing her eyes as another wave washed over her body, “Dean, we didn’t pick a name.”
“You might not know it anyway,” Joey bit her lips and played with her fingers, opening her eyes and looking up at the ceiling.
“Dean doesn’t, but I do,” Cas turned her head to look out the side window, her jaw clenched tightly.
“Talking, great,” Dean grumbled, then cleared his throat when he saw Cas glaring at him with his head tilted to the side, “What, Cas?”
“Oh hell no, I’m not calling her Jojo, it sounds like a stripper or something,” Dean shook his head adamantly.
a week. Three months later, and the courts had already relinquished the parents’ rights. It wasn’t a good situation.
“Missouri shows up the next day and I wish I could replicate the noise I made when the door opened and I saw that she was holding a baby carrier in each hand, with two toddlers hiding behind her legs. Imagine a pterodactyl with laryngitis, and it’s being strangled. That’s the sound I made.
Cas suddenly leaned back against Dean, turning her head to look at him with her bright blue eyes wide with tears.
“Yes,” Cas stood up, shaking her head once before turning back to look at Sam, “I would like some fried chicken.”
Dean peeked one eye open and turned to look at Cas, who was staring lovingly down at Joey as they sang. The angel had a small smile on his face, and every time he squeezed the little girl’s hand, the grace behind his eyes would light up with a faint glimmer. Dean found himself smiling in turn, and reached out to grab Joey’s other hand as they continued the song.
“Cas, damn it, get your feathery ass to the kitchen,” he prayed quietly with his eyes closed, a smirk forming on his face before he continued, “Or I’ll eat all of your Oreos.”
“Jack,” Sam wrapped an arm around his shoulders, “Do you remember when I showed you how a baby is born?”
They had decided together that when they arrived, they would remain hidden until Joey was ready to make herself known. Jack decided to land them in the basement of the bunker with a quiet thud, Joey keeping her arms and legs wrapped around him until he gently patted her back. She slowly slid to the ground, sneaking one hand into Jack’s and holding tight as she looked around.
Sam opened the door to their room, and Dean nodded at him as he carefully walked in, automatically moving towards the bed closest to the bathroom. While angels didn’t usually need to use the restroom, Cas had found that the human half of the baby was causing her to need to urinate at a frequent rate.
“Guys,” Jack cleared his throat loudly, then gestured with his head down to the worried little girl.
Dean looked deep into the angel’s bright blue eyes, their breathing heavy as they stared at each other for a long moment. Cas leaned forward just enough for the tips of their noses to brush, and Dean subconsciously flinched.
Dean was cut off when another snowball smashed right into the front of his throat, making him cough and bend over at the waist. When he straightened up he saw Sam cracking up, holding his stomach with his head thrown back with laughter.
The angel was glaring down at him, his arms crossed and his jaw tightly clenched shut. Dean blinked a few times and slowly looked around the room, realizing that he was somehow back in the bunker. Sam and Jack were across the infirmary, whispering to each other with their backs to Dean.
“Dean?” Cas leaned over to try and interrupt his glaring contest with the wall, and eventually Dean shook his head abruptly and blinked rapidly a few times.
“Yes,” Jack nodded, “Her parents were arguing and she was worried so she closed her eyes and tried to think of better times when they were happy and she accidentally transported herself here.”
“Yes, she’s from January, 2023,” Jack explained, “Apparently it was also your two year anniversary, judging from the cake I saw in Joey’s memories.”
“I thought the goal was to knock all of them down,” Cas pursed his lips and tilted his head to the other side.
“I know, angel or demon,” Dean interrupted, holding his hand up. He gestured with his head to the back hallway and turned to walk that direction, “Come on, you’ll be able to tell us what it is.”
“He can’t,” Sam interrupted, shaking his head against the back of his brother’s, “Jack said that because it was due to a nephilim birth, there’s nothing he can do.”
Jack’s mouth fell open, and he shook his head as Sam walked forward and placed a hand on his shoulder, chuckling softly.
“What’s going on, Jack?” he asked as he threw the car into reverse and pulled out of the parking spot.
“Now Joey,” Jack looked at her upside down with a stern look, “I need you to be as relaxed as you can. Is there anything we can do to help you?”
“Joey,” Cas whispered, leaning his head back to try and pry hers off of his shoulder with his chin, “Joey, look up, ol monon.”
Dean drew a sharp breath, then loosened his grip on Cas’ shirt and sat up sharply. His head jerked side to side as he looked along Cas’ body, breathing heavily as he pushed away from the bed.
“Cas, you literally share a bed with me every night,” Dean dragged a hand down his face, ignoring the snorts and giggles coming out of Sam from the lounge chair across the room.
Sam stopped and turned around, taking a deep breath with an apologetic smile on his face. “If it’s any consolation, it was an accident.”
“You called her a baby,” Cas whispered, swallowing hard, “You’ve only ever called her the nephilim.”
“Well, I guess I’ll start at the beginning. Let’s see, it was like a month after we got married, and Castiel’s cousin Jimmy—obviously not a cousin on the Angel Court side, unless there was an angel named Jimmy I missed learning about in Sunday school…okay, I’m focusing. Anyway, Jimmy and his wife Amelia passed away suddenly, and it turned out that they left the custody of their daughter to Cas.
Dean tried to will his eyes not to close, focusing on the wetness that was falling along his thighs. He barely felt the heat on his face as Sam burnt the wendigo in front of him to a crisp, barely noticed when the other one let go of his hair and his body slammed to the ground, didn’t realize how weak he was until his head smashed against the wooden floor.
Jack grinned before bending at the waist, holding his arms out for her, “You ready to go for a ride?”
“Fine,” Dean rolled his eyes and pulled out of Cas’ arms to walk towards the bed. “You have to promise it’s the last one.”
Once they were in the bowling alley, Dean realized that they had no idea what size shoes Cas wore. They had to take off his shoes that he never changed and looked at the size, and Dean was surprised when it was made aware that Cas wore a size and a half bigger than Dean. He tried not to think of the stupid childish quote about big feet, but found his mind instantly jumping right into the gutter when Cas bent over to untie his shoes and his ass was on display.
ahem; ‘You might be a rockstar to the world, Daddy to our children, and my Honeybee, yet everyday you’re still
“Cas, wait,” Dean pressed a hand onto his chest, pushing him away just enough that he could speak but still keeping their bodies touching.
Dean waited a moment before raising his eyebrows and impatiently throwing his hands out in front of him, “Okay, let’s go in.”
They walked together into the lobby, if you could call it that. There was a single metal folding chair off to the side, and a narrow desk with a crooked sign that had ‘yell for service’ written in sloppy handwriting hanging from it. Sam sighed dramatically, and when Dean turned to look at him he just shrugged and walked forward.
“I’m fine,” Dean moaned, reaching up to try and push the angel’s hand from him. Whether it was because he was still pretty weak or Cas was using his super strength, Dean only tried for a moment before giving up and letting his head fall back onto the pillow with an annoyed grunt and a quick glare in Cas’ direction.
“Hey,” Dean reached up with one hand and rubbed the side of her cheek as he pulled back from her, “We don’t have to do this.”
“You promise?” she looked past Sam at Dean, her brows turned down and her eyes shining with the hint of tears forming. Sam sighed and turned around slowly, gesturing with his head to the little girl when Dean shrugged at him, shaking his head. Sam dropped his shoulders dramatically before tilting his head and tightening his lips together, giving his brother one of his signature bitch faces.
“Hey,” Dean rushed forward, a concerned look on his face, “You should be in bed, what are you doing?”
“Okay,” Jack responded slowly, “But how do you expect me to read her mind if there are nephilim sigils?”
“Don’t fly away from us anymore,” Cas said softly, tilting his chin down to look into her eyes that matched his own.
“Could’ve been an act,” Dean muttered. He sighed dramatically and set his hands on his hips, shrugging his shoulders. “Dude we could look all day, this place is too big. If it is still here, it’ll probably fly away as soon as we find it again.”
“I don’t know how to,” Jack whispered, and Sam rolled his eyes before shoving the infant towards his chest, forcing Jack to open his arms and wrap his hands under her to prevent her from falling to the floor.
I added some tags, please look at those before you continue reading. This chapter has some fluff, some angst, some gore, more fluff, a whole bunch of stuff. Just heed my warning.
“You’re leaving?” Dean yelled, his voice cracking with terrifying concern as his feet automatically began chasing after her.
“It’s okay,” he narrowed his eyes at her for a moment before sighing loudly and looking up between Dean and Cas, “I don’t understand how she’s able to do that, I’m much stronger than her. A normal nephilim shouldn’t be able to push me out like that.”
“Dean,” Cas reached out and pressed a gentle finger to his lips, a small smile on his face, “The fact that you’re worrying about all of this means that you’re going to be an amazing father.”
He drew a deep breath, then ran a hand down his face, “No, it’s not that. I just…I know it’s you in there, but I don’t…”
“It’s okay,” Jack reached out and wiped a tear from her cheek, “I’m not going to remember you, but I know I’ll still miss you.”
“Dean,” Cas inhaled deeply, lowering his chin to stare directly into Dean’s eyes, “If the child is indeed a demon...”
“You know, Dean,” Cas asked with a false innocence, her tongue sinfully running along the entirety of her lips as she leaned closer to him. “The last person who looked at me like that, I got laid.”
“I know that I’m not technically your father, not yet any way,” he tilted his head and raised his eyebrows, waiting until she nodded to continue, “but I can say with absolute certainty that the Dean and I that are in the future are terrified out of our minds looking for you.”
“You ready, Joey?” Jack whispered, his fingers a hair away from touching her scalp. She nodded slowly, giving Dean and Cas’ hands both a quick squeeze.
“As far as I know,” Cas nodded, “I’ve never heard of an angel being formed unless through sexual intercourse with a human.”
“Cas wants me to tell you all the full story of that day, because he’s so proud of what he said to me, and yes, my love, it was perfect...no, I don’t need you to remind me, I know it by heart...yes—Castiel, I could never forget that...will you just shush and let me finish? Heh. That’s what he said. Ow!”
“Well yeah,” Dean shrugged as she walked towards him and began trailing a single finger across his chest, making his breath catch in his throat, “You…you called Jack and you—Cas stop, I’m trying to…ahh—“
“I’m okay, Bubba, you didn’t hurt me,” she mumbled, reaching up with one hand to rub her eyes, “I promise.”
“I’m teaching you a lesson,” Cas said quietly, then held up a hand and closed his eyes, “Don’t change the subject.”
“Since Castiel is my father,” he looked down at the floor sheepishly for a moment before turning his head and peeking up at Sam with one eye, “Doesn’t that mean she’s my little sister?”
They knew from the experience with Kelly that nephilim grew much quicker than a completely human baby, but even so it was alarming to Dean how much Cas had changed. With help from Sam’s research, they knew that Cas would be expected to deliver the nephilim by mid May, which meant that Cas was already starting to show, just a small little bump at the bottom of her previously flat stomach.
Dean’s tears had not slowed, his grip around Cas’ shoulders so tight his knuckles were white. Sam took a few steps forward, closing his eyes to try and force his own emotions down before he reached out and laid a hand on Dean’s back.
“Think they’ll notice if we leave?” Sam chuckled quietly, crossing his arms. Jack smirked and shrugged before he noticed that Joey was nervously biting her bottom lip as she watched Dean and Cas whisper to each other heatedly.
“What the…” Dean muttered, his mouth dropped open and his eyebrows raised. Cas let out a long breath, shaking his head as he put his hands on his hips. Sam looked over their heads and immediately bit his lip to stop from laughing.
Dean’s eyebrows raised and he cleared his throat when he heard Sam and Jack holding back laughter from behind him. He shot them a quick glare before shaking his head and bending over at the waist, getting on Joey’s level before speaking again.
Ever since Joey had arrived, Dean couldn’t help but wonder what it would’ve been like if Joey had traveled back to a more distant time. Imagining Cas interacting with a child in the early years was interesting, and Dean shuddered to himself as he formed a picture of the original ‘raised you from perdition’ Castiel being hugged by a tiny nephilim.
“Anyway, I had a relatively normal upbringing. Mom worked in the local diner, Dad was a mechanic. I was originally gonna follow the family business, open up my own garage, but then my high school choir teacher persuaded me to do a solo during one of our concerts, and as it turned out, there was someone there who knew someone who knew someone in the music industry. Next thing I know, our phone’s ringing off the hook with record producers from all over the country.
“I’m not gonna,” she whined, trying to wiggle out of his grasp only to have him pull her closer and stuff his face into her neck. She giggled as the stubble along his chin tickled her, shaking her head quickly and pushing against his chest.
“Dean,” Cas chuckled, his eyes closed as he shook his head, “The real reason that I wanted us to abstain from intercourse—“
“It’s okay, Cas,” he sighed before patting on top of Cas’ hand a few times, letting his palm linger after for a brief moment. The angel smiled and moved his fingers just enough that Dean’s slipped through and they became intertwined for just a second before Dean faked a cough and removed his hand.
Dean froze when he heard that word come out of her mouth, his hands immediately pulling away as he sat up, clearing his throat. Joey let out a few more giggles before sighing and looking up at him with a small smile.
“Should we go with him?” Jack asked worriedly as Dean slowly walked forward, his face as pale as the walls.
“She accidentally time traveled?” Dean scoffed, then gestured wildly towards the child, “I mean how old is she? Why isn’t she grown, like you?”
“Cas, don’t say that,” Dean shook his head adamantly and leaned his forehead against the back of her hair.
“Umm, where did I leave off…oh yeah. So we moved to Seattle, ACE even set us up in a fancy downtown apartment originally…but I was almost nineteen, and thought I knew everything about everything, so I wanted my own space, away from my mom and kid brother.
“Oh come on, Sunshine. That was funny…Yes it was…What would you rather me say, ‘I found a roommate’?…You and I both know that’s not how it happened…Okay, okay, stop squeaking, I’ll tell them the PG version.
“I can’t believe you actually sent him out on a run just to get pie,” Sam rolled his eyes and continued sweeping, trying desperately to get the small bits of dirt that kept escaping his dustpan. “What’s even worse, I can’t believe he actually did it.”
“Hi,” he whispered after a few silent moments. The little girl barely peeked the top of one eye out from her arms, looking directly at Sam. He gave her a small smile, and wiggled onto his butt, crossing his legs to try and seem less intimidating.
“Let’s go Sammy,” Dean announced, whirling his fingers in the air in a circle as he marched towards the path. Sam rolled his eyes and shook his head before following his brother.
Well, this is it! The final chapter! This is my first multi-chapter fic, and I'm so grateful to all of those who have read, commented, and given kudos!
She shrugged, then let out a sharp breath and nodded. She laid back onto Jack’s lap again, holding her hands out for Dean and Cas to hold. They instantly grabbed them and squeezed, subconsciously leaning towards each other as they watched Joey’s eye close yet again.
Dean snapped his head over and began shaking it desperately, “No no no, that’s not what I meant at all. Of course I want to do this. I just…this isn’t really my thing, you know?”
See Charlie, he can’t resist it when I bat these long eyelashes...yeah, yeah, shut up, you’re just jealous.
Sam once again stayed with the girl while Dean and Cas moved out to the hallway. Cas began walking towards the stairs and Dean grabbed the back of his arm, stopping him from moving forward.
“Cas what is going on?” Dean began to shake her shoulders roughly as she took a few deep breathes, her eyes slowly drifting shut and then reopening as she used all of her remaining strength to stay conscious.
She walked through the doorway into the small hallway outside the war room before slowly creeping towards the map table, her eyes darting nervously around the room. Just as she opened her mouth to call for someone, she heard a shout from behind her.
Sam looked into the rearview mirror, his eyes worried as he looked at his brother. It was two days later, and when they finally had narrowed down the small vamp nest and rushed in, Cas ended up getting injured.
“I, of course, start running around the house, cleaning and organizing and—fuck, was I nesting? Cas, I was fucking nesting!…anyway.
“That’s not true,” Sam spoke softly, “It’s just that…their powers make them a little unpredictable.”
“We’re only here for one night,” Dean sighed, moving to initially drop his bag on the bed, then decided otherwise and walked over to the table instead.
“Dean,” Sam grabbed his brother’s shoulder again, this time forcefully turning him around, “One wendigo is enough to try and handle. There could be two here.”
“She’s from the future,” Jack continued, sighing loudly, “I couldn’t grasp what time period exactly before she shut me out.”
“Wait, that’s what you got out of that?” Dean snapped his head to look at Cas with an eyebrow cocked.
Cas turned and narrowed her eyes at Dean, the blue grace in her eyes sparking to life as she slowly walked towards him. Dean swallowed loudly and tried to back away, only to be met with the cool surface of the wall against his back.
She perked up at the Enochian coming from Cas’ lips, pulling her face away from his shirt and looking at him with a sad smile. Dean walked around to face her, standing directly next to Cas as he reached out and gently wiped her tears from her cheeks with his thumb.
“Joey, you have to—“ Jack was interrupted as his hands shot off of her head, and Joey’s eyes snapped open.
Past Jack watched in surprise and slight terror as his future self lowered his hand immediately, his eyes falling back to their normal blue.
“I’m gonna stop you right there,” Dean held up his other hand, closing his eyes, “I don’t know what you think you saw in the kid’s head, but—“
“Oh jesus,” Sam rolled his eyes and threw his arms out before he turned and stormed towards the garage, yelling over his shoulder, “Go have sex!”
Dean drew a deep breath as Jack trailed off, leaning his head down to rest against the top of Joey’s. She stirred briefly, then slowly pushed against him and sat up, rubbing her eyes. Cas stood up and walked over to the chair, smiling down at her as she turned in Jack’s lap and faced the rest of the room.
“Right,” Dean whispered before letting out a long breath and rubbing the top of her back lightly. He gently pulled her arms away from him and squatted in front of her, smiling sweetly. “Hi Joey.”
“You’re ready and raring to go, huh?” Dean chuckled as he got up and joined Cas near the bowling balls, “You can go first.”
“I guess we just need to trust that your views on Dean haven’t changed that much in three years,” Jack shrugged.
“Bubba no,” she shouted, pushing at his hands as he continued trying to keep her at bay, “Don’t hurt him, he’s
“Of course,” Cas responded immediately, walking to the side of the bed and sitting down, taking one of her hands in his. Dean followed suit on the other side, giving her hand a quick squeeze and winking at her before she nodded and laid back down.
Cas’ eyes snapped open, the blue glow of his grace as bright as ever as he loudly gulped a breath of air. His hands snapped up to his chest and his stomach, gripping onto the shirt as he coughed roughly.
“Okay,” Cas nodded and turned to walk away, stopping when Dean’s hand migrated down to his wrist and gave a tight squeeze. “Yes Dean?”
“I don’t think our Netflix has The Lion King, Joey,” Sam mumbled as he scrolled, biting his bottom lip with one hand on his hip.
The sight that greeted them was enough to melt away any concerns that Dean had about team free will raising an infant. The baby was laying on the bed between Jack’s spread legs, and Sam was sitting at the foot of the bed and running his fingers gently over the sparse hair on her head. Jack was making different faces down at her as he picked up her tiny legs and moved them back and forth.
“To wash the impala,” he shouted over his shoulder as he walked down the steps into the war room, “Or do I need adult supervision?”
“I just don’t know what to do,” Dean mumbled, “It’s not like we can call the cops and tell them that our half human half angel child flew away and we can’t find her.”
“Still tired, kiddo?” Dean asked, and Joey adamantly shook her head against him as she snuggled her face into his side.
“So you know who we are?” Jack tilted his head, his eyes narrowed. She nodded again, sniffing a few times before they all noticed tears forming in her eyes.
“Too late, I already said ‘challenge accepted’,” Dean raised his eyebrows with a cocky smile, sliding the flare gun into his jacket pocket.
“What?” Sam’s jaw dropped, and he let out a huge rush of air. Dean, on the other hand, had merely cocked an eyebrow and was staring past the angel at nothing in particular.
“Hey, Dean,” Sam noticed his brother was awake and walked over to the bed, his hands in his pockets, “How you feeling?”
“Okay well maybe don’t start with ‘I’m gonna read your mind’,” Dean sarcastically fake whispered from where he had popped up behind Cas.
“Yeah,” Sam sighed, then gave one last disgusted look at the bed before shaking his head and walking towards his brother, “Based on the local legends and recent missing persons cases, it sounds like the Wendigo is in the woods just down the road from here.”
Just when Sam opened his mouth to respond, they heard a loud noise from the hallway. The two of them ran out and saw Dean and Cas, both with surprised looks on their faces.
“Um, Joey?” Cas stepped forward, wincing when he heard the sound of the cereal crunching under his shoes, “What happened?”
“Take her out of here, Sammy,” Dean said quietly, refusing to let his eyes move from Cas’ still body.
“No no no,” Dean said quickly, shaking his head as he reached up and rubbed the top of Cas’ knees, “You just looked so fucked out already and I haven’t even touched you yet.”
“Let’s go,” Cas replied, leaning forward and placing his lips against Dean’s. They stayed there for a few seconds, and when Jack automatically looked away from the display of affection, he muffled a laugh with his hand when he glanced down and saw Joey making a disgusted face.
“It’s not the...that’s not what I’m worried about,” Dean’s eyes flicked down to her stomach before looking back up to meet her ice blue eyes.
“Sa—Uncle Sammy’s right,” Dean corrected himself, stepping forward again so Joey’s back was pressed against his chest and his toes were knocking into Cas’. “Whatever happened, it was not your fault. Sometimes grown ups argue and they say things they don’t mean, and—“
Jack shook his head, “I don’t know, it’s not like I have a tracker on her. I can just tell she’s close.”
Cas stopped when he looked and noticed Dean staring at him, his jaw dropped open. “What’s the matter? Did I sing it wrong?”
“Listen Cas, we thought we could make hunting with a child work, and it’s just not,” Dean shook his head, “We need to quit.”
“I mean,” Dean shrugged, “I’m all for this look, but Jack and Sam might want you to at least put some boxers on.”
"I'm not going to do it," Joey crossed her arms in defiance, "I don't want to tell you. Bubba can just read my mind."
The angel looked at Joey and smiled before carefully sliding her down to the floor. She kept a grip on one of his hands, leaning most of her body weight onto the side of his thigh.
Dean lunged forward and pressed his lips to the angel’s, one hand fisting the back of his hair as he held them together. Cas sank into the feeling, his muscles relaxing as one hand came up to press against Dean’s cheek. They ignored Sam clearing his throat next to them, they ignored him rolling his eyes, they ignored him walking out of the room, mumbling about going to Jack’s room and closing the door behind him.
“I know, we’re taking things slow,” Dean held up a hand and pulled his lips between his teeth, “And I’m totally on board, I swear.”
“All this future talk is giving me a headache,” Dean groaned and rubbed the back of his neck, accidentally rubbing the top of Cas’ fingers in the process.
“Okay,” Dean whispered, swallowing loudly and taking a few deep breathes as the door swung open slowly.
“I’m not sure,” Jack shook his head with a furrowed brow, “I wasn’t able to hear what they were fighting about in the future, I could only see them yelling.”
“Do you want to risk it?” Jack asked him with his jaw set, “It could alter the rest of your lives, including the very
Joey nodded before walking in between her brothers and and holding up her hands to defend the past version.
“No, no, don't go saying "I'm okay" in Enochian like it'll make everything better,” Dean immediately grabbed her wrist as she tried to turn away, “You’re never leaving my sight again.”
“I don’t know,” Dean replied sharply, “But it keeps freaking out and jumping all over the place and it’s gonna end up hurting someone.”
“Gross dude,” Sam shook his head, then suddenly his eyes widened and his mouth dropped open before he clamped it shut and tilted his head dramatically.
“I told you to call me if you needed help,” Cas spoke through his teeth, his eyes turned down angrily, “But you didn’t. You would rather die than ask for my help.”
“Yeah well,” Dean sniffed loudly, reaching up to wipe the single tear that had escaped his eye, “There’s no reason to believe that she
“Oh,” The angel breathed out before leaning down and placing his hands under her arms, lifting her up. She wrapped her legs around his waist and snuggled her face into his neck, her arms holding tight around his shoulders.
Dean felt a shudder travel down his body and land right below his waist, his cock filling rapidly with every word Cas spoke. He was almost always the bottom in their relationship, with a few random surprises over the span of the last year where Cas had wanted to experiment.
“I’m sorry, what?” Dean shook his head in disbelief, his face contorted in a mix of confusion and intrigue.
Sam nodded in agreement and before Dean could finish his sentence, the familiar sound occurred directly behind them. They both spun around and simultaneously dropped their jaws when they saw a little girl standing in their hallway. She was glancing up and down the hallway rapidly before her eyes landed on Sam and Dean, and she inhaled sharply before disappearing again.
“Yeah Dean, like what?” Sam repeated with a tone of amusement in his voice that earned him a glare from his brother.
“Well that is going to be difficult,” Sam piped in for the first time, sighing, “Every time we’ve mentioned her going back she shuts down.”
“I need you two to stop arguing for five minutes and pay attention,” Sam entered, one hand in the air defensively and the other holding two tattered old books.
“In the beginning, Dad was not having it. Mom tried telling him every day that it was the chance for me to get out of Kansas, to make something of myself. Dad, though…I know I shouldn’t speak ill of the dead, but he wasn’t exactly winning Father of the Year”
“I learned it from Sam,” Cas straightened his spine proudly, “I’ve been working on my human mannerisms.”
“Fairies? Dragons?” Dean shrugged dramatically when Cas dropped his head to the side and raised his eyebrows in his trademark ‘really Dean?’ face, “What?”
...I swear to god I’m just gonna start talking about the time you cooked scrambled eggs in your underwear and you—okay wait no,
“Yeah, true,” Sam nodded, then turned to look at Jack, “Speaking of that, how the hell are we going to figure this out?”
Just as he bared his teeth to check for any food, there was a knock on his door. Dean took a deep breath and pursed his lips before slowly letting it out, his eyes closing before he turned towards the door.
“Picture this, it’s 2014, I’m slowly working on my first album in over five years, and the phone rings. It’s Cas, who was at the grocery store, and he’s babbling nonsense on the other end…yes you were, babe. I couldn’t understand a
The longer the pregnancy went on, the worse it got. Cas was hungry all the time, and kept craving bacon during the middle of the night. Sam had been woken up multiple times to Dean in the kitchen at two in the morning frying some bacon, Cas sitting on the stool with her arms crossed grumpily.
“Charlie says she’s going to post this on her podcast, and I’m honestly just glad she let me do it like this instead of a video.
“And as a celestial being, I think you should listen to me when I say that this,” Cas finally let her hand drift down to the waistband of Dean’s sweatpants, one finger squeezing its way between the slight pudge of his stomach and the tight material, “is okay.”
All four of the men looked over to the little girl who was now standing in the middle of the dungeon, her arms wrapped around herself.
“I’m not very good at using my powers yet,” Joey muttered, biting the insides of her cheeks as she clenched and unclenched her fists, “I killed the vampire that was trying to hurt Daddy—well, you, but my powers were too strong and hit all of you.”
"Jojo," Dean warned, raising an eyebrow. She snapped her gaze over to him and mimicked his facial expression, tilting her head to the side in a challenging pose. They stared each other down for a moment before Dean finally rolled his eyes and shook his head.
“Not with your own powers,” Dean turned and slammed the palm of his hand against the inside panel of the door, looking out the window, “Your eyes turned a different color.”
“I know,” Dean nodded, taking one quick glance down at her breasts before hesitantly reaching out and touching the taught skin there.
, and he chased after me and somehow managed to pry me out of the protective bubble I had been keeping my feelings shoved into.
“I don’t know,” Sam yelled back, throwing his hands up before looking down at the still terrified little girl.
“Where could she have gone?” Cas asked, an obvious worried tone in his voice. Just as they all moved towards the hallway to look for her, Joey appeared in the doorway with a gummy smile.
When their lips collided, it was just shy of too rough. Their teeth smashed together initially, their hands pulling and yanking on the other’s clothing to try and get them as close as they could. For all the times Dean had dreamt of their first kiss, it was nothing like this. There was tongue and biting and moaning and Cas was actually growling into his mouth like a goddamn predator.
,” Cas tried to sit up for the third time in the last thirty seconds, only to be stopped when Dean’s hands pushed down on her shoulders, keeping her in the same position.
“Instead of ACE dropping me, they hooked me up with a new agent, one Miss Charlie Bradbury, aka the coolest chick I know. My sales didn’t plummet, they skyrocketed. And, as it turns out, when you surround yourself with positive, life-affirming people, it doesn’t matter if you’re gay.
“It’s my fault that you two were fighting,” she shook her head, “You were fighting about me coming to a hunt, it’s all my fault.”
“She’s got two dads?” Dean’s eyebrows raised so high they almost met his hairline as he turned to look at Cas with a snort, “Well then, I guess we know why April didn’t work out.”
“She wants us to...watch a movie together?” Sam raised an eyebrow and placed his hands on his hips. Joey nodded, a small smile on her face as she looked over at Sam.
“I guess we know who she listens to better in the future,” Sam leaned over and whispered to Jack, trying to hold back his laughter as Dean continued glaring at the back of the the little girl’s head.
Dean took a deep breath before shaking his head roughly and turning around, storming in the opposite direction.
As if on cue, another loud bang sounded from inside the bunker. Sam and Dean both instantly pulled out their respective pistols, pointing them forwards as they rushed back into the map room. They both searched the immediate area, and just when they were about to move into the library they heard another noise coming from the kitchen down the other hallway.
“They called it that because all of the owners are related, and they all have the names of angels. Raphael, Michael, Gabriel, some poor sap even got stuck with Lucifer…yeah yeah, I know, I’ll be nice.
“Sammy, I can’t do this without him,” Dean shook his head, his eyes never leaving the face of the man he loved.
“Do it,” Dean suddenly yelled, nodding as Jack took a deep breath and spoke a few words in enochian before adding one last tiny vial of powder to the bowl. A large puff of blue smoke surrounded them, making them all cough and Sam use the blanket to cover the baby’s face. As it cleared, Dean was the first to snap his head back up and look at the bed. He let out a sharp breath when he looked at the flat planes of their chest and the short cropped hair.
Aside from the intense hunger, Cas also experienced the normal hormonal mood swings that came with growing another life force. Dean didn’t understand how he could say one word to her and she would burst out crying, so lately he had decided to just not speak and instead help Sam figure out how to
?…I thought they wanted to know about my past, not—Okay, okay, I get it. I just didn’t know people were that interested in it…Cas, you okay with this?…You know they’re gonna hate us for this someday, right?…Okay, just checking.
“I figured I’d give you a start,” Cas smiled, tilting his chin down to look up at Dean through his eyelashes.
“I know,” Dean interrupted, rubbing her cheek with his thumb before sitting back up and looking Jack in the eye, “I know, Jack.”
“Claire was about to turn four when Jack first came to us. It’s a long story, and I won’t get into it, but he was removed from a dangerous home. He was six-months-old when he was initially placed with us, and almost two when the adoption was final.
Jack’s eyes widened comically, and his eyes darted between the angel and the hunter without his head moving.
“Alright Mister Cocky, get out there,” Dean rolled his eyes and waited until Cas turned around before giving him a quick swat on his ass. The angel whipped his head back and pursed his lips with a dark look in his eye, and Dean swallowed down the lump in his throat at the dominant gaze.
“No, Sam, stay,” Dean held a palm up before turning to look at his brother, “Tell Cas that she’s being ridiculous.”
want to see Castiel in that fashion,” he shuddered, “What if something happens with the baby? Dean was right, we don’t know that Cas is going to survive the birth.”
“I know. But hey,” Dean stopped and clapped a hand on his shoulder with a bright smile, “It’s good I added them, right?”
“Hello,” he held up his hand in his signature Jack greeting, smiling as he carefully dropped to his knees directly in front of the girl, “I’m Jack.”
“Exactly,” Dean narrowed his lips together, shaking his head, “They’re one of the most powerful beings, who knows what could happen if we bring them together?”
“You named this thing Butter?” Dean looked back to the kitten, wincing when his tiny teeth nicked his thumb. He lowered his hand to the ground and released the kitten, watching as it ran around the room jumping on everything.
“You have to follow him back to his time and erase his memories,” Joey sighed before looking at her past brother with sad eyes. “He can’t remember me.”
Cas rolled his eyes and ignored the hunter, looking at Sam, “We need to contact Jack. He’s the only one who will be able to read her mind.”
“Wait, two year—that means that,” Dean cut himself off as he looked to the ceiling and did quick math on his fingers, “No, no way, that means Cas and I got together six months from now.”
By the time they reached the look out, Dean had complained three times about the distance, constantly asking ‘are we there yet’ like a toddler on a road trip. When they walked up the last hill and came to the clearing, Sam took out his phone for a picture.
“Sounds great,” she squatted back down below the desk, and Dean turned to look at his brother. Sam had his arms crossed and his eyebrows raised, his lips pressed tightly together. Dean gave him a sarcastic double thumbs up, then turned back to the desk. Just as he leaned forward to make sure the woman was still there, she popped back up with a large keychain, making him fall backwards a few steps.
“They’re cute as shit,” Sam chuckled as they all walked down the hall, Cas pulling Dean along behind him.
“What is he doing?” Cas asked, sighing as he and Dean stood at the top of the stairs looking down at where Sam was practically jumping down them.
The second they entered the room, they heard the low growl that was associated with a wendigo. However, they heard it echoing in the small cabin from all angles. Dean rushed forward, letting off several silver bullets into the darkness.
Jack paused then, taking a deep breath and glancing between the two men warily. Dean raised his eyebrows and threw his arms to the side.
“If the comforter is that gross then I can only imagine what the sheets look like,” Sam groaned as he turned around and closed the door.
“No, Dean,” Jack shook his head, “You and Castiel are her parents. Once I’m able to penetrate her mind, I can figure out how it happened.”
Once Jack and Dean were walking down a random hallway alone, Jack began clearing his throat every few seconds. Dean ignored it at first, but finally stopped in his tracks and spun around, putting an open palm on Jack’s chest.
“I like movies,” Jack announced, a goofy smile on his face as his gaze moved around the men in the room before landing on the child, “What movie do you want to watch?”
“That’s right, Cas,” Dean shouted and walked to the end of the bed, yelling at the angel’s back, “Leave, just like you always do.”
“Why?” Cas narrowed his eyes, taking another tiny step forward so now their toes were touching and their noses were barely an inch apart, “Because they’re a heterosexual couple?”
"Damn it, Cas," Dean shook his head with his eyes closed, letting out a short breath before squeezing them tighter together and bursting with the words he had been holding in for so long, "I love you, alright? I love you. I love
“I don’t know of any creatures that resemble a child that have wings, Sam,” Cas sighed loudly, “I need to see her.”
“Don’t forget the flare gun,” Dean bent over and reached to the back, grabbing the large barreled handgun.
“Uh, what do you need?” Sam walked forward, making sure he stayed to the side of the door where he couldn’t look inside.
“No,” Cas shook his head and leaned forward to press a chaste kiss to Dean’s cheek before walking away.
“You continue to say that you love me,” Cas shook her head, looking down at the ground with her fists clenched at her sides, “But you won’t stop trying to get me back into my male form. If you truly loved me—“
Cas closed her eyes and took a deep breath, instantly regretting the words she let come out, “I just meant that I’m not leaving you since I am with child.”
The nephilim’s face instantly froze as he thought back to the images Sam had shown him on his laptop.
He was sitting at a table in a diner with Sam, having just finished a meal called ‘The All American’ that Sam insisted was not good for him, but Jack argued that since it had bacon and Dean always told him that bacon was ‘god’s food’, he had to eat it.
When he reached the basement, he looked up and down the hall and frowned. He had no idea where his brother had been headed.
“I told you,” Dean cleared his throat as he pushed off of the bed, one hand going to his stomach, “That I could’ve handled it.”
“Someone better tell me what’s going on right now,” Dean pointed a finger at the ground and tightened his jaw.
They continued watching as Jack’s eyes darted around, every once in a while smiling or chuckling as he looked through Joey’s memories.
“What?” Dean’s voice squeaked, and he cleared his throat to try it again, but his voice was still at least two octaves above normal.
“Well that’s because she’s not a normal nephilim,” Dean raised his eyebrows with a smirk, “She’s a Winchester.”
“At first we were kind of...low key...we didn’t want to start up a relationship in case it went south, since Cas was not only involved with ACE, but related to more than half the staff. It was just...it was just fun, you know? We were obviously living together, but kept our separate rooms and mostly stayed in our own space when we weren’t banging like rabbits against the--heh, I knew that’d get him squeaking again. It’s okay, babe, Charlie can edit that out.
The angel rolled his eyes and sighed, “The reason I wanted us to abstain from sex was because of Sam.”
“By the water, someone left them there in a cardboard box,” Cas began to explain, stopping outside his old bedroom.
“Okay,” Dean stood up, feeling his anger inching back to the surface, his jaw clenched tightly between his words, “But you and I both know that this is not a normal baby. It’s a
Dean, Cas, and Sam all watched as the interaction took place. At first, it was complete silence without no movement. After a few seconds, the two nephilim both snapped their eyes open, Jack’s glowing gold and Joey’s a bright silver. Their heads were tilted back slightly, their gaze up at the ceiling. After a few moments, Joey began to whimper and close her eyes.
Dean tried desperately to take a breath, but found himself instead falling to his knees on the floor and scrambling forward towards the bed, his heart beating so loud in his ears he couldn’t think of anything except CasCasCasCasCas.
When they reached the bottom of the hill, they discovered that Sam’s original thought was correct and there was indeed a small abandoned house. It looked like no one had touched it in years, between the broken glass and the moss growing along the outside walls.
Joey ignored him and walked over to Jack, grabbing a hold of his shirt to help pull herself up onto his lap. He looked down at her with his eyebrows scrunched together as she wiggled around getting comfortable, finally letting out a long breath and resting her head against his chest. Jack looked up at Sam, who was smiling as he watched the interaction, then over to Dean and Cas who were still leaning against each other on the couch.
As if on cue, the baby sneezed suddenly and snot shot all over his shirt. Sam and Dean both burst out laughing, and Cas pulled his lips between his teeth to try and hold back his smile as Jack slowly looked up with a disgusted curve to his lips.
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Dean whispered, swallowing down the lump in his throat as he forced his gaze to remain on Cas’ eyes and not drift down to where the angel had just licked his bottom lip.
Cas looked up and pushed against Dean’s face before slowly standing and walking to the dresser, pulling out a pair of sweatpants and a t-shirt and throwing them on while Dean watched from the bed.
“Let Cas in, Sammy,” Dean dipped his head towards the door. Sam looked from his brother to the angel, then nodded slowly and stepped out of the way. Cas rolled his shoulders and hardened his face, his angel blade appearing in his right hand before he turned the handle and swung the door open.
“What else has wings?” Sam mused quietly, looking down at the ground as he tried to think back to the hundreds of lore books he had read in his lifetime.
Jack looked around the room at the three men before closing his own eyes and pressing his fingers to Joey’s head.
“Well,” Cas sighed loudly, “I know that you have a lot of people in your life that have meant a lot to you. I just feel like this person in particular is worthy of a namesake because she sacrificed her own life to save not only your life, not only Sam’s, but many more in the grand scheme of things.”
“You find me that attractive that you couldn’t help but kiss my nose?” Cas replied with a smirk, his eyes narrowing.
“She’s just asleep,” Jack shook his head, rubbing a stray piece of hair from her face, “I promise Dean, I didn’t hurt her, I would never—“
“Please no,” Jack whispered, slamming his eyes shut as he was yanked into the room. The bed was turned sideways, so Sam couldn’t immediately see anything when he walked in. Dean walked over to the head of the bed, one hand hesitantly reaching out to run over Castiel’s hair. She instantly slapped his hand away, shooting a glare up and making him shove his hands into his pockets sheepishly.
He took a few steps towards her before bending over at his waist and reaching out. The moment his fingers touched the top of her hair she jerked her head up and stared at him, her bright blue eyes shining directly into his. Cas froze instantly, and his eyes slammed shut as he attempted to breach her mind.
“I’m very confused,” Jack tilted his head and narrowed his eyes, looking down at the floor briefly before looking up at Dean and Cas.
“Help us to understand, baby,” Dean whispered, coughing when he realized how easily the affectionate name slipped out of his mouth.
, Dean,” Cas called over her shoulder as she hurried towards their bedroom, Dean followed by Jack and Sam in tow.
Joey snapped her head over to glare at him for a brief moment before sitting up on Jack’s lap and looking up at his face, one hand reaching up towards his head. Jack’s eyes widened, causing her to freeze for a moment. She smiled at him and he stole a quick glance at Cas before nodding. When Joey touched his temple, both of their eyes lit up brightly. It only lasted for a brief moment before she lowered her hand, her silver eyes slowly dimming back to their usual blue.
“Jack? Jack,” Sam said loudly, grabbing the young man’s face and giving it slight taps with his palm. Jack’s eyes sprang back open and he took a few deep breathes before turning and looking at Sam with wide eyes.
“Sammy?” he yelled, his hand moving to rest on the butt of his pistol as he chose a direction and started walking. He continued calling his brother’s name, and it wasn’t until he came around a corner that he heard a reply.
“You both remember I have no gender on a normal basis, correct?” Cas called from over the top of the dressing room door.
“Dean,” Cas moaned, falling backwards onto the heels of her feet. Dean followed the movement and maneuvered them so he was braced on top of her, his elbows on either side of her head as they began to lazily kiss. This was when Dean felt most in love with Cas, when they just enjoyed being together, not necessarily in the middle of the throws of passion.
“Cas, we have to talk about this,” he said quietly, his eyes subconsciously flicking down to her stomach.
“Well where is it?” Dean looked around, moving to crawl on his hands and knees as he searched the room.
Cas tilted her head to the side, her brow knit together as she let out a slow breath, “Dean, I really wish you would’ve talked to me about this.”
“I can’t blame her,” Dean muttered, earning him a hard look from Cas and Sam. “What? I…listen, Sammy, I never told you this but right before Mom died she and Dad got into a big fight. He was going to leave. I ended up hiding under my bed for a few hours because I was so scared that they were going to split up. Mom almost had to call the cops because she couldn’t find me.”
“Ever since Eileen left, he’s been very depressed,” Cas smiled sweetly and looked off to the side at nothing in particular, “I think that our relationship was making him feel lonely.”
“Are you insinuating I somehow beared a child?” Cas’ nose scrunched up in confusion and he shook his head.
“Shh, it’s okay Jojo,” Dean repeated, either not noticing or not caring how close he was to Cas. Joey was essentially sandwiched between them now, and the back of Cas’ hand was pressed against Dean’s chest.
Sam clamped his jaw shut and looked over at Jack, who had paled and was holding his hands up and slowly backing away.
“I did just fine before you came along, you know,” Dean spat, instantly regretting it. Cas’ face fell in the same fashion it had when Dean had spoken those ill words almost two years ago, when Cas left the bunker and Dean didn’t stop him.
He looked in the mirror for what felt like the tenth time in the last half hour, biting the insides of his cheeks as his eyes glanced up and down his body. He was wearing his favorite gray button up, with a plain black t-shirt underneath. His jeans hugged his legs just tight enough, and he had just pulled on a pair of black boots. He reached up and carefully brushed his fingers through the front of his hair, making sure there weren’t any random pieces sticking out.
“The gist of it is,” Cas shot Dean a quick glare before looking back at his son, “A young nephilim appeared, here.”
“It probably knows that it’s gonna have hell to pay for using a kid as a vessel,” Dean crossed his arms and tightened his jaw.
“So there we were, living in a nice house just outside the city, with our two kids, thinking that our family was complete.
Dean took his phone back and nodded quickly, standing up and walking over to her. She was shorter than normal Cas, but only by a few inches. If Dean had to guess, however, she weighed about fifty pounds less.
Dean made a mocking face, shaking his head before he looked at Cas pleadingly. Cas seemed to understand, and nodded before beginning again.
“Dean,” she pulled back, and this time when she narrowed her eyes and glared at him, he really felt like he was looking at his Castiel. Her jaw was set and she had that dark determined look in her eyes that Dean knew meant he didn’t stand a goddamn chance.
"I wonder if she's able to get you to bend that easily in the future," Sam mused quietly as he walked between Dean and Cas, following the nephilim.
“You ready?” Dean held out a hand, and Joey nodded before sliding her hand into his, waiting until he slowly stood up to walk towards the door of the dungeon. Sam, Cas, and Jack all followed close behind, until Joey stopped and looked up at Cas, holding her other hand out for him. The angel opened his mouth, then looked up at Dean, who shrugged. Cas looked back down to the young girl who seemed to have grown impatient and instead grabbed Cas’ hand and pulled him forward with Dean.
“Yup, just do it, get it over with,” Dean responded, closing his eyes and flinching in an attempt to brace himself for Jack’s powers.
“But is that the only way that angels can, uh,” Sam reached up and rubbed the back of his neck nervously, “reproduce?”
“So let’s do a bit of a time jump here, because the next, like, year and a half was super boring...Sound good, Charlie?...Okay. By the time Sammy graduated high school, which was two years later, I had released two more albums, and was definitely becoming pretty well known. Unfortunately, one of the things I demanded be kept hidden was the fact that I’m gay. If you’re following, that meant that Cas and I had to keep our relationship a secret. It’s not that I was ashamed of who I am, but where I grew up it was not…I don’t know, not acceptable? I can’t think of the right word…it just…people weren’t gay in Kansas. Or if they were, they didn’t tell anyone.
“I wasn’t thinking,” Dean said quietly, walking up behind the angel and gently placing his hands on the top of those devilish sweatpants, “I was wishing.”
“Okay,” Sam held his hands up once they walked into the kitchen, taking a few steps back from his brother.
“What is it, what’s wrong?” Dean asked quickly as she backed away from him, one hand moving towards her stomach.
“Well for starters, they’re both nephilim,” Dean shrugged, “Have two nephilim ever been in the same room together?”
When the younger Winchester finally turned to look down at where Dean was pointing, his jaw fell open. Through the thin shirt that was covering his torso, they could see a faint blue glow coming from his abdomen. Sam’s head snapped to look at his brother, who was staring intently at the glow with tears welling in his eyes again. It began to brighten more and more the longer they watched, and just as Sam and Dean were about to cover their eyes from the brightness, a movement at Cas’ head caught their attention.
“No,” Cas instantly shook his head, “The time I took Claire as a vessel was frowned upon greatly, and that was only for those few minutes.”
“Once Mom realized that it wasn’t going to work, us staying in Lawrence, she made the decision to move me and Sammy to Seattle, where the main office of ACE is located. She and Dad got into a huge fight about it, and after he basically gave her an ultimatum—wait, can we cut that part out? Mom would be upset if we talked about this…okay, thanks Charlie.
“She said,” he paused, giving her one last glance before looking up at the hunters across the room, “That she’ll let Jack read her mind if we all watch a movie first.”
“Oh Cas,” Dean shook his head with a smile before making intense eye contact, slowly prying her knees back apart and scooting up enough to bring his mouth directly above her heat, “You’re about to find out the best part of being in a female body.”
“I finally got a hold of Rowena,” Sam nodded energetically, “We had to combine two types of magic, but I know how we can fix Cas.”
Dean looked down at Joey with a quiet sniff as she ventured slowly in front of him, and she bit her bottom lip when she realized he had tears forming in his eyes.
“Maybe you should tell her that,” Cas whispered, his eyes turning down as he tilted his head to the side. “It could help her connect with your situation.”
“A nephilim?” Sam asked loudly, his eyes widening, “Crap. Is there any way to know what dumbass angel knocked up a human this time?”
“What do you think,” Jack bent his neck and looked down at the baby in his arms, “Do you like your name, Joey?”
“I don’t know,” Jack muttered, “I kind of agree with Dean, I don’t think us mentioning them—you, potentially splitting up is going to convince her to go back.”
“They’re staying,” Cas spoke quietly, and this time when he tilted his head down it was done with dominance, his eyes hardened as he stared down the hunter.
He knew he shouldn’t have looked up, he should’ve just kept staring at the ground, at the ceiling, hell at Sam. As soon as he made the horrific mistake of locking eyes with that angel-man-baby, Dean felt like the biggest asshole on the face of the planet. Cas’ brow was furrowed deeper than ever before, his eyes wide and—Jesus Christ—they were brimming with tears. His already poutier than average lips were puffed out and when he tilted his chin down, his damn long ass eyelashes were making him look even more pitiful.
Cas of course picked a bright yellow one, struggling to remember where to put his fingers. Dean watched with his head dropped, looking through his eyelashes with his brows raised. He tried to wait it out and let Cas figure it out on his own, and was glad when Cas sighed exasperatingly and turned towards him.
Once Sam had closed the door, Dean turned and looked at Cas with a nervous smile before he realized Joey was giggling beneath them, her hands covering her mouth.
“You’re predictable,” Cas turned and shrugged, setting his usual shoes on the bench before grabbing the bowling shoes from Dean’s hands. He decided to sit on the small table near their lane, and pulled the shoes onto his feet.
“Jack is god now, Dean,” Cas replied sarcastically, looking down at the back of Dean’s feet as he moved in front of him. “Besides, you know the usual nephilim warding didn’t work on him because of him being the offspring of an archangel.”
Sam let out a long breath, his tongue wiggling around the insides of his cheeks before he shook his head and rolled his eyes, pointing the streaming device at the television.
“I actually had a new name I wanted to run by you,” Cas interjected as he reached out and let the baby wrap her fingers around his own.
“Wait a second,” Sam placed a hand on his brother’s shoulder, stopping him from opening the door. He squatted and ran his fingers over the multiple deep scratches leading into the home, a confused look on his face.
“So if you weren’t pregnant, would you be leaving?” Dean furrowed his brow and walked slowly towards her.
“I…I guess I don’t really have a choice, right?” Future Jack sighed, shrugging his shoulders before narrowing his eyes and tilting his head, “But wait, if I’m you, and you’re me, and I haven’t erased your memories yet, why can’t I remember this whole thing?”
“Jojo,” Dean rushed forward on the bed, Cas not far behind as Jack looked concernedly down at her calm face. Dean grabbed her cheeks, his eyes scanning her face for any sign of movement as Cas gently wiggled her shoulders.
“Babe,” Dean whined quietly, ignoring the snort it earned him from Sam, “I’m sorry, okay? I’m just trying to make sure that you’re—“
,” Sam responded loudly, and Dean watched as his brother’s hands disappeared under the blanket that was laying over Cas’ knees.
It was a witch’s fault that had Dean sitting in a mall dressing room, his hands clasped in front of him and his head hung low. They had, per the usual Winchester manner, underestimated their opponent and caused Cas to be cursed. While they killed the witch almost immediately after, it still didn’t negate the curse’s effects on the angel. It of course couldn’t be a simple curse, like his teeth falling out (which he could have fixed on his own), no, it had to be this.
“That doesn’t matter,” Cas shook her head, “This is not a human baby, nothing can happen that would injure it.”
These words caused the two of them to once again whip around with confused looks on their faces. Although it was already known, to hear it come out of her mouth was an entirely different story.
“I don’t…I need…” Cas sputtered as Dean ran a hand down her bare side, stopping just above the hem of her shorts.
“Are you sure?” Cas bit her lip to hold back a moan as Dean began sucking at the spot just below her ear.
“So, Cas and I are walking the red carpet—we would always walk together, we’d just stay a respectable distance away from one another to keep any rumors about the two of us at bay. As far as anyone apart from my mom and Sammy knew, we were just really good friends. Suddenly, my phone dings, telling me that I have a text, which by the way, in 2006, it cost money to text. Yeah I know, I’m old. Anyway, I look at the text, and it’s my Uncle Bobby telling me that my Dad died.
“Cas,” Dean felt the whine that escaped his throat and he tried to stop it, to make his voice sound more manly but if the chuckle from his brother was any hint, it didn’t work, “You know I’m allergic to cats.”
“Whoa, easy there, slow down,” Dean grabbed both of his shoulders, the thin material slipping between his fingers before he bit his bottom lip to stave the laughter bubbling in his throat. “Um, Cas, don’t you think you might want to change your clothes first?”
Dean actually laughed out loud, and reached forward to shove Cas off of the mattress onto the floor before informing him that just for that, he would not be doing such things that night.
“Shut up,” Cas interrupted, her brow furrowing and her eyes shutting roughly as her face winced. “Shit.”
“Yeah?” he replied, his eyes looking anywhere in the room but Cas as he lifted his beer bottle to his lips and took a long drink.
“It looks just like you,” Dean shrugged with a smile, running his fingers along its spine, “Got your eyes.”
“Then you need to be way more naked,” Cas groaned, reaching down and pushing Dean’s sweatpants to his knees in one quick motion. Dean chuckled and wiggled his legs to kick them off, pushing them to the end of the bed and not really caring where they ended up after that. He guided Cas’ legs open again, and she wrapped them around his waist as he lined himself up with her opening. Dean looked up at her and saw that she had a small flicker of fear in her eyes.
“Dude, in front of Sam?” Dean hissed, shaking his head and pointing to where Sam was currently bent over laughing.
When they reentered the dungeon, Sam was sitting with his back leaning against the false cabinets that formed the doorway to where the little girl was. She was now sitting cross-legged, her head hung low as she picked at the bottom hem of her jeans. Dean cleared his throat and Sam turned his head, a confused look on his face. He stood up as the two other men walked towards him, their eyes never leaving the little girl.
“Of course,” Future Jack nodded as Cas’ truck came to a slow stop near the bunker’s door. They both watched as he got out of the vehicle, pulling several grocery bags out with him and walking towards the entrance.
While they were getting ready for bed that same evening, changing into their usual nighttime attire of boxer briefs and a t shirt, Cas walked up behind Dean and gently wrapped his arms around his waist, tilting his head so his cheek could lie along the top of his back.
“Since when did you start calling her that?” Dean chuckled, “I noticed you said it when you were in her head too.”
“Um…hi. Is that how I should start it?…what? Charlie, I can’t hear you…Did we really have to do this in the studio? I’m sure it would sound just as good if I did it on my phone...okay, okay, stop yelling…so, here we go.
“We’re here to help you, Joey,” Jack smiled and scooted a little closer to her, surprised when she didn’t flinch or move backwards. “I’m going to touch the sides of your head, okay?”
“It was for,” Cas sighed, pausing and shaking his head with a smile before looking back to where Sam was taking Joey from Jack so he could wipe his shirt. The angel leaned over and rested his head on Dean’s shoulder, letting out a long breath.
Dean nodded and gave her one last lingering kiss before slowly moving down her body, his hands continuing to run up and down her sides lightly. He kissed his way down her stomach, rubbing the stubble of his chin against the delicate skin and forcing another moan out of Cas. Once he reached the waistband of her shorts, he stopped and looked up her body in a silent ask for permission.
“Me, being the ridiculous, emotionally constipated twenty-year-old I was, just said ‘thank you’ and tried to run the hell out of our apartment. Luckily, Cas was just as stubborn then as he is now, which, let me tell ya, is
The angel moved so he was standing directly next to the chair Joey was sitting in, and looked back at Dean before resting a hesitant hand on her shoulder. Joey sniffed loudly a few times before beginning to cry, dropping her face into her hands. Dean cleared his throat loudly, then widened his eyes as Cas looked at him worriedly. The hunter groaned and rolled his eyes before miming a hug, having to do it a few times before the angel got the hint.
“Okay, I guess I’ll record some sort of ending. Um, jeez…I don’t know, endings are hard. It’s been a long road, that’s for damn sure. I wish I could just give some cool phrase here, to make everyone think I’m this young, hip guy, but we all know that’s a lie.
Dean took a step forward, his chest heaving. Cas knew exactly how to push his buttons, exactly what to say to get his blood boiling.
“Do you need help?” Sam called out, earning him a hard glare from his brother. Sam held his hands up defensively, “Hey, I don’t mean from me.”
“What other option do we have?” Cas tightened his lips together as he looked over Dean’s shoulder to where Joey had walked over to Sam and was watching him do something on his cell phone.
“I don’t know how it’s possible,” Cas shook his head and ignored the rambling hunter, instead looking to where Sam was looking in to the dungeon.
“Yeah, she is a Winchester after all,” Dean smiled and hesitantly reached out to rest his palm on her head, and found himself surprised with how soft her hair was.
She spun around just in time for her brother to run towards her with his arms open, scooping her up into his arms and pressing one hand against the back of her hair.
“Yes sir,” she rolled her eyes again, turning and walking towards a very confused Jack. She reached out and grabbed his hand, pulling him towards the infirmary. Once they were inside she locked the door and turned back around, looking about the empty room with a smile.
“Let Jack read your mind, sweetheart,” Sam added from behind him, his eyes begging as he looked down at her.
Which is why Dean was currently sitting in the backseat, Cas’ head on his lap as she laid across the cushion, dried blood covering most of her shirt and the bottom half of her face.
Joey’s face slowly brightened, her mouth widening into a smile before she lunged forward and wrapped her arms around Jack’s neck, stuffing her face into the crook. Jack almost fell backwards from the force of it, but instead stood up and lifted her into his arms. He closed his eyes and squeezed her tightly before pulling back and rubbing the top of her head.
Dean watched as Cas trailed off, maintaining the intense eye contact. He eventually slowly nodded, understanding the silent conversation they were having. If the kid was a demon, they’d have a pretty big mess to deal with.
“Okay, okay,” Dean nodded, clenching his jaw as he wrapped his arms around her upper half and squeezed her into a hug, pulling her back against his chest, “I promise, alright? I promise.”
Just as all four men began talking over each other, the little girl finally stood up behind them, taking a deep breath before speaking.
Dean looked down at her and sighed loudly, reaching up to pinch the bridge of his nose and shaking his head before speaking quietly.
Dean and Cas looked up and made eye contact, silently communicating before they stood up together. Joey’s eyes followed them as they walked over to Jack, biting the insides of her cheeks.
“I really want to kiss you right now,” Dean whispered, the side of his mouth curling up into a goofy cockeyed smile.
“Dean,” Cas moaned, rolling her eyes as she sat up and rolled to her feet. Luckily for Dean, Cas’ gait was slightly off balance from her quickly growing stomach so he was able to jump off of the bed and block the door when she tried to leave.
“Of course,” Cas responded with a snarky grin, watching as Sam let her down to play with her brothers.
time," Sam laughed, resting his hands on his hips. Jack tilted his head, then looked from where Dean and Cas were still holding each other over to Sam, his brow knit together in confusion.
“Oh my god,” Dean rolled his eyes and turned to look at the blank wall, his hands coming up to drag down his face, “I cannot believe this.”
When they finally came to a screeching halt, Past Jack was surprised to find himself on the high roof of the bunker. His hand immediately pressed against his stomach as gravity came hurtling back to him, and he shook his head roughly to combat the intense dizziness.
“Well,” Dean scoffed with a smile, “I can honestly say I don’t know. But it seems to be common knowledge that it feels better than anal.”
husband has just informed me that I’m not allowed to talk about masturbation on here, so I guess I apologize...it’s your own fault, dude. You put the thought into my head.
Dean drew a deep breath, swallowing down the fear that was building inside of him before finally opening his eyes. The smile that was playing across the angel's face was one that Dean would remember for the rest of his life, he was sure of it. Cas' eyes were lit up with such an intense light that Dean wasn't completely sure there wasn't a little grace shining behind the blue. Because Dean couldn't hold back anymore, he reached up and grabbed Cas' face, pulling him close for a much softer kiss this time. They only pulled away when they heard clapping coming from the doorway.
“Castiel, who I’m sure you all know of by now, is Gabriel Novak’s nephew. Hence the angel name. We met, turned out he needed a place to live, long story short, we fell in
“But we’re not just two normal people, Castiel,” Dean shouted, throwing his arms out angrily, “You’re an angel for god’s sake. Therefore, this is not. A. Baby.”
“Seriously?” Dean scoffed as he moved inside and closed the door behind him, “You’re just going to ignore me now?”
“Sam,” Cas walked over to the hunter, “We can’t just keep her in the dungeon until we find out how to return her to her own time.”
Dean initially didn’t know how he felt about the whole ‘Jack being god now’ fiasco. He trusted the kid of course, especially after he literally saved all of mankind, but he was worried about the power going to his head. However, once Billie had actually spoken the words ‘Jack is god now’ aloud to everyone, the kid’s reaction calmed Dean’s concerns.
“Dean, I love you,” Cas replied with a hushed tone, her head falling back onto Dean’s shoulder. “My grace, something is happening.”
Dean whipped his head up to glare at his brother, shaking his head. Cas chuckled softly and shook his head.
When they reached the impala, Sam and Jack got in without a word until both of their doors were shut. The hunter turned to look at the young man and raised his eyebrows.
Sam rolled his eyes and put his hands on his hips, pointing to a spot near the bottom of the hill, “I think we should start down there.”
“They won’t be able to see us yet,” Jack shook his head, letting his eyes shine gold for a brief moment to make them both invisible to others. He pushed her against the wall, his arm reached along her chest as she held onto his hand with both of hers. They both watched down the hall as the shadows grew closer and closer, the voices echoing against the walls. As soon as the figures came around the corner, Jack felt Joey’s grip tighten.
“Cas are you sure you wanna do this?” Dean groaned as he put the impala in park. He turned and looked over at the angel—his angel—who was smiling eagerly. Cas was wearing one of Dean’s henleys, as Sam had told him that the trench coat didn’t exactly scream ‘first date’. He had also borrowed a pair of Dean’s baggier jeans, which still ended up being very tight on his thighs and ass.
“I have no idea,” Dean let out a long breath, then placed a hand on the angel’s shoulder, “You keep looking up here, I’ll follow him.”
All of the eyes in the room went to where Joey was still resting her head against Cas’ shoulder, looking down at the ground.
“I’ll show you,” Dean leaned forward and placed a quick peck on her lips before dipping his head and placing open mouth kisses along her chest, his hands simultaneously squeezing both nipples before his lips finally engulfed one. Cas threw her head back and gasped, her own hands going to thread into Dean’s hair to hold him in that spot. He sucked and gave little bites and while yes, it had been a while since he had had a women’s breast in his mouth, he wasn’t an amateur by any means.
“Wait, how did you just do that?” Past Jack asked incredulously, his eyebrows raised, “You can influence me—him—me?”
“Hello dears, need a room?” she smiled to reveal a mouth full of rotten teeth, her words slurring slightly. As she spoke, a scent of stale beer made its way to Dean’s nose, and he tightened his jaw to avoid gagging.
“I know that you’re worried about her right now, Dean,” Cas reached out and placed a gentle hand on Dean’s shoulder, “But think about how
Cas leaned over top of Joey’s legs, placing a hand directly next to Dean’s thigh to support his weight. He looked at Dean with a gentle pity, smiling sweetly as he whispered as close to his ear as possible.
The main issue that caused the disagreements, however, was not directly related to the sexual organs of a certain angel. If they were being honest with themselves, it allowed them to try some new things in the bedroom that their previous beings wouldn’t have been able to perform.
“Yeah?” he responded weakly, his lips parting as he suddenly felt the need to breathe through his mouth.
“I know, I know, it sounds like a shitty way to tell someone, but my father and I hadn’t spoken at that point in over three years, with the last words he spoke to me being along the lines of ‘We’re done, don’t bother ever coming home’. Yup, it was rough.
He quickly reappeared in the doorway, pointing to the spot where he just walked from, “Do you believe in love at first sight or should I walk by again?”
“No, you don’t ever say the things you mean,” Cas interrupted, and Dean suddenly realized just how close they were standing. Because his hand was still on his stomach, his knuckles were barely brushing the front of Cas’ trench coat every time he took a breath.
“Remember why she’s here, Dean,” Jack spoke softly, looking pointedly down at the child gripping onto him.
“Yeah yeah, me too,” Dean leaned down and placed a gentle kiss on her forehead, “But I still love you.”
“Okay, hold up,” Dean held up a hand, narrowing his eyes, “I can guarantee you we were fighting about you possibly getting hurt,
He gasped as her finger traveled south, barely poking into the waistband of his jeans as she looked up at him innocently.
“I know that, Cas,” Dean replied, running a hand through his hair, “What are we supposed to do, just give up looking?”
“I have to not only remove your memories, but transport you back to before Joey arrived,” Jack explained as Joey moved behind him.
Sam had contacted every single human or witch he knew that was well versed in any kind of magic, and no one knew how to change an angel’s vessel back to the male version. They even had called Jack down from heaven to try and fix it, but this magic had been strong enough that even his powers couldn’t change Cas back. It had been two weeks, and they were all currently on a trip across the country to visit a shaman in Maryland who Sam had spoken to on the phone about their predicament.
Dean looked at Sam, then Jack, and finally over to Cas who was looking up at him through his long eyelashes, the bright blue sparkling as always. He sighed and bit the inside of his cheek before swallowing down the lump in his throat and turning to look at the floor.
“I think it’s cute,” Sam pursed his lips with a smile and shrugged, watching the three kittens all roughhouse together on the floor.
“Are you still upset with me?” Cas tilted her head to the side, this time with a much more playful tone as she looked up at him through her long eyelashes.
“Yeah,” Dean chuckled, running a hand through his hair, “Dad ended up coming home within a day or two and apologized, and everything was back to normal. But in that moment all I wanted was to hide away somewhere, so I know how Joey feels.”
Cas spun around at that, his mouth wrinkled tightly and his eyes lit with anger as he marched back over to the hunter, “Like I always do? And who is it that always forces me to leave?”
“Are you going to just stay invisible or hide somewhere?” Joey asked as they walked up the staircase together. When she turned back around, she realized that she couldn’t see Jack anymore, so she nodded, “Invisible, got it.”
Cas chuckled softly before her face scrunched up in pain again, and she nodded quickly, looking back at Dean.
“In the dungeon,” Dean jerked his head to the closed doorway about ten feet down the hall from them.
Dean took a deep breath before letting it out slowly, closing his eyes. He took a small step back before reopening his eyes and looking at the young man, “She’s okay?”
“They’re…” she began, trailing off with a questioning look on her face that Jack recognized from the many times he had seen it on Castiel, “They’re not getting a divorce?”
“What do you need, angel?” Dean turned his head and whispered into her ear, giving little love bites along her soft jaw line.
“I’m just so happy,” Past Jack inhaled deeply, pausing before continuing, “I’m just so happy that he’s going to be happy. He deserves that.”
“How would a child be able to get into the bunker?” Cas asked quietly, his eyes darting around at the ground.
“Pretty sure she knows that, since she has half of your grace,” Dean interrupted from where he was standing next to Sam, his arms crossed. Cas turned to glare at the hunter before looking back at the girl.
“Actually,” Jack interrupted, stepping forward with his finger up, “You call her Jojo. In the future at least.”
Cas sighed in understanding, his eyes falling as he tilted his head to the side, “Are you sure about this, Dean? This is not a simple decision.”
“Sorry love, didn’t mean to startle ya,” she sniffed and wiped her nose with her wrist sleeve before extending the same arm, holding the key out. Dean pulled his lips between his teeth and swallowed loudly, reaching his index finger and thumb out to carefully pluck it from her grip. He turned around and saw Sam holding back laughter, and Dean roughly nudged his shoulder with his own as he walked past him towards the door.
Dean was taken aback from her use of the cuss, and swallowed loudly. There had only been a select few times that he had heard Cas curse in anger, and it never ended well.
“I am not well versed in communicating with children,” Cas whispered again, his eyes darting between the girl and Sam.
Dean sighed as Jack disappeared, then shook his head swiftly and walked towards the door of his bedroom. He stopped outside, closing his eyes and taking a few deep breathes. While he was still obviously angry and upset with Cas, he knew that they needed to have a real conversation about what had happened and not just continue arguing.
The angel rolled his eyes and shook his head before holding a hand out and smiling, “Come on, let’s go meet our daughter.”
“You’re doing great,” Dean whispered, resting his forehead against the back of her scalp, kissing her neck gently.
“Jack,” Dean growled, moving swiftly after the nephilim. Just as he reached him, they heard a loud banging coming from the kitchen around the corner. They ran towards the doorway and met Sam and Cas just outside, all four looking at each other with concern before Dean and Cas rushed in.
Dean inhaled deeply and closed his eyes, allowing a small smile to grace his face. He turned in Cas’ arms and reached up to place his hands on the angel’s cheeks, rubbing his thumb along the stubble there.
“Dear god, Cas,” Dean coughed, a blush creeping up his neck as he turned around and pursed his lips, “You gotta stop.”
“Well excuse me. I haven’t been on an actual date in,” Dean threw his arms to the side and paused, his eyes darting around as he thought, “Seriously, I can’t even think of the last time.”
“Jack and I are just gonna,” he stopped and shrugged before basically sprinting out of the room. Cas stood up and began pacing at the end of the bed, his hands balled into fists at his side.
“She was walking down the hall towards the kitchen,” Jack began, looking back through the doorway to make sure Joey was still asleep, “Then she heard you two arguing, so she tried to sneak to listen to the conversation.”
“What the hell is your problem?” Dean took the opportunity to push himself into a sitting position, biting back a groan when a strong stabbing pain ripped through his chest.
“Please Uncle Sammy?” Joey asked quietly, a slight whine to her voice as she pouted her bottom out and looked up at him.
Just as Sam sighed and leaned the broom against the wall, dumping the dirt into a nearby trash can, they heard a much louder banging coming from the hallway. Their eyes instantly met, and Dean moved swiftly into the war room.
“Jojo,” Dean said quietly, walking towards Cas and rubbing her back, “Jack showed us what happened.”
Not really, of course. He loved his stupid baby brother. But when the mop headed Sasquatch introduced Cas to cheesy pick up lines, Dean wanted nothing more than to strangle him. It started out pretty harmless, with Cas using simple ones that were more cute than they were cheesy.
“Maybe you should go first,” Cas sighed with his eyebrows knit together, looking around Dean at the long lane.
“Okay,” Jack replied, his worried eyes darting from the baby in his arms to the large hunter in front of him.
Sam and Dean watched as the little girl slowly closed her own eyes, then took a deep breath. When she exhaled, Cas’ hand lifted from her head as if from a hot flame.
Dean and Cas were then brought back to the present, feeling that significant pull as their minds came rushing back. They both took deep breathes and turned to look through the doorway at Joey, who was stirring slightly in the bed.
“What if she got stuck somewhere,” Sam yelled over his shoulder as he opened the door to the staircase.
“We need you to read her mind,” Dean held up a hand, “Because obviously Cas here hasn’t been going around sowing wild oats with humans.”
Dean poked a finger at Cas’ chest, and the angel glanced down at it before snapped his head back up to glare at the hunter.
“When she was little, she couldn’t say ‘brother’ correctly,” Jack responded, turning to watch the movie as he let his head fall back onto the chair.
“It was one random night about six months in when  everything changed. I had just gotten home after a long night at the studio, and a certain someone who shall remain nameless but whose name starts with a C and ends with an
Joey moved to the edge of the couch and nodded slowly, biting her lip as she stared down at her feet. Jack moved to stand up, but Cas held out a hand and shook his head before walking over and squatting directly in front of Joey.
Luckily for them there was a motel only a few miles off of the interstate at the next exit. They pulled into the parking lot and when Dean looked into his mirror, he sighed when he saw that Castiel’s eyes were closed and her mouth had fallen open slightly. He reached out and gently slapped a hand onto Sam’s chest, gesturing with his head to the sleeping angel.
“No,” Cas interrupted immediately, “The only time I’ve ever had sex was with April, and we all know how that ended.”
“You know what I like in a guy?” Cas asked as he slowly crawled onto the bed, his voice dipping dangerously low as he moved on top of Dean.
“You know none of that shit counts,” Dean waved him off and turned to face the wall, his hand reaching up and rubbing the back of his neck.
Cas shrugged, her eyebrows raised with a smirk on her face, “I just wanted to remind you of who exactly I am.”
“Maybe,” Dean sniffed loudly, his eyes looking over the angel’s body, “Maybe Jack can do something? Did he try? Can he try? Sammy, go get Jack, maybe he can—“
They hadn’t noticed Jack leaving the conversation quietly and walking over to Joey, pulling her aside and bending over at the waist to talk to her until he loudly exclaimed, “Absolutely not!”
“Dean, I’m sorry but you don’t always need pie,” Cas rolled his eyes as he walked up the steps into the library, “You don’t have to be so upset about it.”
“You gotta quit doing that,” Dean pointed a rough finger at her as he walked closer. Joey furrowed her brow and crossed her arms, looking up at him with a tightened jaw.
he said yes…hush, Cas, I’m doing something here…I had to slide the rabbit’s foot into his hand, and the look on the poor guy’s face when he feels that there’s something fuzzy attached to the ring I just proposed to him with…man, priceless.
“I’m sorry,” Dean reached out blindly and grabbed her hand, giving it a tight squeeze, “I’m just…this is such a weird situation for us to be in.”
Joey nodded, then slowly pulled back and let out a big breath, looking up at Dean with her eyes flashing silver for a brief moment.
“Dean stop!” Sam shouted, his voice giving out when one of the wendigo tackled him, knocking the flamethrower from his hand. Dean heard the clanking of the metal on the ground and spun around, his face falling when he saw the wendigo on top of his brother.
As they stood there, chests heaving and eyes boring into each other, a sudden knock on the door brought them back to the current reality.
Dean rolled over onto his back, his eyes glaring up at the ceiling. Cas was nowhere to be found, which was fine with Dean. It had been almost two weeks since they had done more than some mild groping over their clothes, and Dean was feeling very pent up. Sure, he had ‘taken care of himself’ multiple times in the shower, but it was nowhere near the same as being intimate with Cas.
Dean closed his eyes and pursed his lips, taking a slow breath before opening them and turning his head to look at the child was still giving him the world’s best-worst puppy dog eyes. He exhaled slowly before chuckling to himself and shaking his head.
Joey huffed out a breath before reaching out and placing her hand on Jack’s bicep, her own eyes glowing silver as she spoke, “Put your hand down, now.”
“He’s the crazy one,” Sam added with a snort as the kitten in Dean’s hand began squirming and trying to bite his knuckles. “Which one is that, Cas?”
Dean swallowed loudly as Cas pulled away, and when he turned to look at the angel and lock eyes with those bright blue orbs, he chuckled softly.
“I know about your history with that song, Dean,” Cas’ pinky was suddenly subconsciously rubbing against Dean’s thigh as he spoke, and either they didn’t notice or didn’t care because neither of them moved away. “We don’t have to do this.”
Dean opened his eyes slowly and saw that Cas had taken a step forward, so close now that their noses were almost brushing. The hunter swallowed loudly, and tightened his jaw as he quickly shook his head side to side. Cas narrowed his eyes at Dean, and as if a switch was flipped drew an even breath.
“Um, yeah,” Dean cleared his throat, trying not to look into Cas’ excited blue eyes as he spoke, “Listen, uh…”
He reached out and took her small hands into his large ones, giving them a quick squeeze before he spoke again.
Cas held up a finger, “Yes I do. Joanna, because we share grace you are able to read my emotions much easier than reading anyone else’s. Am I lying?”
“Dean,” Sam groaned as they began searching, looking in the many empty rooms of the bunker, “She looked really scared.”
“Okay, so. When he was showing me the picture, and telling me how happy I looked, he grabbed my face and said,
“How what’s possible?” Sam prodded, resting his hands on his hips as he intermittently glanced into the room to check on the child.
He was regretting this fact when Cas came out of the bathroom in her new bed time attire. Originally at the mall, Sam had purchased a pair of women’s sweatpants and a baggy t-shirt for Cas to wear to bed, so now although it was the middle of December and they were in the middle of Kentucky, apparently the heater for their motel room was broken in the ‘on’ position, so they had been forced to buy her something lighter.
“Sammy, what are you, we have to,” Dean found himself unable to complete a sentence as he still kept shaking Cas, trying to get her to wake up or take a goddamn breath.
As soon as his future self pressed his fingers to his forehead, he was surprised by the amount of strength he felt through the connection. He figured that as he became more used to being God he would develop a few more powers, but this intense energy was so breathtaking he found himself reaching out and grabbing hold of his counterpart’s shoulders.
“Go ahead,” Dean gestured with his arms for Cas to continue as he scooted under the blankets and fluffed his pillow.
“Well then what the hell just happened?” Dean’s eyes were full of concern and anger, his brow knit together and his breathing heavy and uneven.
“Yeah,” Dean nodded, then without another thought leaned forward and kissed the tip of Cas’ nose. The angel froze, his eyes crossing as he looked at the spot where Dean’s lips had just been.
“All of the above?” Dean tried his hardest to give Cas a pitiful smile, “I’m sorry, I know this isn’t what you probably imagined when you asked me—“
Dean rolled his eyes with a laugh before leaning forward and kissing the angel again, this time much more chaste than before. When he pulled back with a loud smack, he gave Cas a wide grin and shrugged.
Dean looked back and forth at Cas and Sam, then rolled his eyes dramatically and waved both hands at them.
Later that same day, Cas walked up behind Dean in the library and pressed himself against his backside, his breath hot against Dean’s ear as he spoke.
that ACE was going to drop me, that my sales would plummet, that every friend I had made in the previous four years would abandon me.
“Baby daddy?” Dean’s brow furrowed, “Okay first off, where the hell did you learn that term? Secondly, is that seriously what you think of me?”
He climbed back up to the head of the bed, smirking when he saw Cas’ face. Her eyes were mostly closed, and she had a bright smile on her face. Her short dark hair was messed up, and Dean was wondering if she had been running her own hands through it. He began kissing all over her face, and when he finally reached her mouth she responded eagerly to the taste of herself on his tongue.
“He likes you,” Cas rested his head on Dean’s shoulder, watching as the kitten curled up in the space between Dean’s thighs.
“Wait what?” Dean’s jaw dropped. He leaned forward, looking at the girl who was still curled in the fetal position on the floor of the dungeon.
“Yes Dean, that’s normally how labor progresses,” Cas spoke through gritted teeth before letting out a long breath and dropping her head with a loud whoosh out her pursed lips.
“Well once I read her mind again I can find out the whole story,” Jack replied quietly, glancing over to where Cas was bent down and listening to Joey whisper something in his ear.
Joey nodded enthusiastically, scrambling out of his arms and running towards the stairs with her brother close behind. Just as she set one foot onto the bottom step, she stopped and turned around.
“Well then it’s a good thing we only sleep for a few hours,” Dean spun around and clapped his hands together, rubbing them quickly with a small smile, “But we have a whole day ahead of us.”
“Listen, I’m gonna go on the record right now and say that the only reason I’m doing this is because my husband is forcing me to, and if he wasn’t standing right here I would be—”
Sam’s eyes darted around the room, looking from the stained bedspread to the rickety table, then over to the sunken loveseat on the opposite wall. He turned to look back at Dean, his eyes turned down in a pathetic frown. He let out a long breath and dropped his bag onto the floor, then dramatically held his hands out for Dean to lead the way out of the motel room.
“It’s been twelve days, Cas,” Dean whined, dropping his head forward dramatically onto the top of Cas’ back, “That’s long enough.”
“I’m assuming because the two of you arguing is what brought Joey here in the first place and now you’re very angry and when you’re angry you take it out on Castiel,” Jack responded, shrugging nonchalantly.
“Psh, no,” Dean scoffed, chuckling weakly for a moment before looking up and meeting Cas’ eyes. “Okay, yes. What if I’m an awful dad? What if I’m just like my dad, but I’ll be even worse because she’s a nephilim and that means parenting her is going to be way harder and what if—“
“Damn it you’re right, they are cute,” Dean chuckled and reached out to pet the completely black one currently rubbing under Cas’ neck. It turned towards him and opened its bright blue eyes, and Dean laughed.
“I’m gonna go,” Sam said quietly, pointing to the door and nodding to Cas with a sympathetic look as he bolted quickly from the room.
Cas noticed Joey squirm slightly and bite the inside of her cheek before shaking her head to the side slowly.
Dean looked at the cats and shook his head, then crawled back over to sit next to Cas, his eyes never leaving Butter to make sure he wasn’t going to be attacked again. He leaned against the wall and draped his arm over Cas’ shoulder, leaning over to place a quick kiss on his cheek.
“It was sopping wet, when we got them back here I had to clean them up and get them dry,” Cas finished, his hand on the doorknob.
“No,” Cas spoke up, causing Dean to turn around and look at her with his face contorted in confusion.
Dean smiled at the young man and gently moved her so Jack could take her from him, walking over to place an arm around Cas as they looked at the two nephilim together.
listen,” Cas growled as she came toe to toe with Dean, staring up at him, “I know that because I’m in a female vessel now you have this misperceived notion that I’m somehow weaker, but I can assure you that this is not the case.”
“Jojo, it’s okay,” he said soothingly, leaning down and running his hand around to the bottom of her jaw, lifting her chin to force her to look at him, “We’re not really fighting.”
“You were yelling about…you know what, it’ll be easier if I just show you,” Jack reached up to their foreheads with outstretched fingers. Before he pressed against them, he looked at them both, “Remember, this is from Joey’s point of view.”
“I’m fine,” Cas swatted one of his hands away from her, grabbing the cool towel from the other hand and dabbing it onto the back of her neck.
“Shut up,” Sam muttered, throwing him a quick glare before smiling down at Joey, “Go sit down, kiddo.”
Jack carefully slid himself out from under Joey’s head, Dean making sure she was comfortable as they all made their way to the foot of the bed.
“This isn’t creepy as hell,” Dean mumbled as they both pulled out their guns and carefully walked up the porch steps to the front door. Sam reached forward and tapped Dean’s arm with the barrel of his gun, gathering his attention. When Dean looked back, Sam pointed to the floor directly in front of the door where there was streaks of blood with what looked like claw marks dug into the wood.
why she didn’t want to go back. Jack had told them it was because of he and Cas arguing, and Dean didn’t like that their future selves were capable of making this little girl feel unwanted enough to not want to return to her home time.
The laughter that Sam had been holding back was now being released loudly as he bent over, one hand on Jack’s shoulder. Dean slowly straightened up and turned to glare at his brother. Jack was chuckling softly, nodding his head.
“Yes, Dean,” Jack insisted, nodding enthusiastically, “There’s no way her memories could lie to me, she’s too young.”
“Is there anything we can do?” Jack asked quietly, flinching when Dean spun around from where he stood at the sink and shot him a glare.
Sam nodded, “According to the lore, nephilim usually age about one human year for every month after they’re born.”
“Dean, we can’t just lose six hours of our day,” Sam rolled his eyes and shot Dean a typical Sam bitch face.
,” Cas narrowed her eyes, “I would’ve told you that Sam and I looked into the history of nephilim, and found out that there were two previous angels that gave birth in a female vessel, and because they weren’t human, they didn’t perish during the birth.”
“Anyway, that was six years ago. Unfortunately, Claire is now a teenager, giving us a run for our money, and making me regret ever thinking that she was our ‘easy child’. Jack is doing great, and he adores being a big brother. Ben and Jesse are my little bruisers, and it’s honestly a miracle that between the two of them they’ve only broken three bones thus far. I can’t believe my baby girls are six now, and sometimes when I look at how old they are I think, maybe we can have one more…
Dean looked out at the rolling hills, the many kinds of trees all covered in a soft white blanket of snow. The precipitation had finally stopped, and the sun was even trying to peek out through a few gray clouds.
“Well too bad,” Dean marched over and fell onto the wooden chair in the corner of the room, scooting it close to the edge of the bed.
“Twenty-eight?” Dean squeaked, his head jumping back up. That was almost an entire month. “No, I can’t do it. I won’t do it.”
“As I said earlier, my Dad was not a great person. Growing up, we heard so many jokes at the expense of the LGBTQ community that I quickly realized I would never be able to come out to my old man.
“No,” Jack replied with a small smile, moving to a squat in front of her to get down to her eye level, “They’re going to quit hunting. That’s what they were arguing about.”
“It could just be a scared kid,” Dean said quietly, looking up and making hard eye contact, “But it might not be. Be careful.”
Dean felt Joey’s hand tighten on his just a little, so he moved his other hand so he could engulf her tiny fingers and began rubbing soothing circles over the back of her hand. He glanced over and noticed Cas doing the same thing and fought back a smile.
of here,” Dean growled loudly, his hands reaching under Cas’ head as tears began pouring from his eyes. He pulled Cas’ face to his chest, running his fingers through the short dark hair. He felt the stubble poking through his t-shirt and choked out a sob, dropping his head to press against the angel’s cool forehead.
“But then you’re assuming that if that happened Dean and I would’ve been idiotic enough to get pregnant.”
Joey nodded slightly, still staring into Jack’s eyes. He drew a deep breath before leaning out and placing the first two fingers of his hands on her temples, closing his eyes. Joey inhaled sharply at first, then visibly relaxed and let her own eyelids fall shut.
“I think we should find a motel for the night,” Sam announced, his voice loud to try and be heard over the music.
“Yeah well there’s one that acts just like you,” Sam spoke up from behind them where the ginger kitten was purring in his lap.
“I don’t know how well it would work,” Cas let out a long breath, “Since she has my grace, she may be able to block me out.”
“I went on my first tour the year after that, which was the wildest experience of my life. Cas was, of course, by my side the entire time. Sammy had to stay back in Seattle, since he was halfway through law school at the time. He did attend my homecoming concert though, and I dragged his giant ass on stage with me right before intermission, even made him sing along to ‘Blue Steel’. Heh, he was so mad. The moose is
Jack looked back and forth between the two men, biting his bottom lip as he nodded slowly. He took a long breath, looking down at Joey’s sleeping face and stroking her hair softly before opening his mouth to speak.
“Originally I was planning on just sending her back to her time on her own,” Jack nodded, “But maybe if I offer to accompany her and wait until we find out what the fight was
“She’s…she’s perfect,” Cas whispered, leaning down to rub his nose against her hair and inhale deeply. He turned around and saw Dean standing a few steps back, rubbing his sweaty palms on his jeans. “Dean, come here.”
“Hey hey,” Dean found his body automatically moving towards her, one hand outstretched. He was about to gently touch her shoulder when she rushed forward, wrapping her arms around his waist and burying her nose into his stomach. Dean froze, his head snapping to look at the other occupants. Cas tilted his head as he looked down at the girl, Jack shrugged, and Sam tightened his lips together before rolling his eyes and miming giving a hug. Dean bit the inside of his cheeks before carefully reaching his arms around her shoulders and sighed when he felt her melt into him even more.
Dean returned the smile and stood up, walking over and intertwining their fingers before they walked towards the door. Before he turned the doorknob, he turned and looked at Cas with a concerned look.
“That’s the point, Dean,” Sam sighed exasperatingly, straightening his spine as he turned to glare at his brother. They both turned their heads when they heard a small noise coming from the general vicinity of the garage, and Dean smiled widely.
Dean’s nose scrunched up in confusion and he took a step back, his eyebrows raised, “I’m sorry, what?”
“Okay Cas, I’m ready whenever you are,” Sam nodded as he pulled the desk chair towards the end of the bed, his worried eyes trying desperately to avoid looking towards the crowning infant.
“You call Jack ‘Bubba’?” Dean snorted, his shoulders bouncing with the movement and causing him to realize the position he was in. He cleared his throat and instantly straightened his back, scooting his butt as far to the opposite side of the couch as he could.
“I can’t,” Dean choked out another sob, a hand drifting to the women’s shirt that Cas’ male vessel was still wearing and gripping it in his fist.
“Let’s split up,” Sam held up a hand when Dean opened his mouth to undoubtedly say something sarcastic and rude.
“You don’t know that,” Dean turned and looked up at his brother, his green eyes shining with the tears forming, “Sammy, you don’t know that.”
Dean and Cas both raised their eyebrows and turned to look at the young man, who was beaming with pride behind them.
“Dean,” Cas pressed his hands against Dean’s cheeks, his head lowered as he stared into his eyes, “You have to breathe.”
“What? What are you talking about?” Dean yelled worriedly, trying to turn his body to the side to look at Cas’ face.
“I can,” she interrupted Cas, her eyes never leaving Dean’s. The hunter crossed his own arms to mirror her stance as he moved to stand directly in front of her, their staring contest intensified.
Dean’s words were interrupted when the small child again appeared before them sitting on the floor, her arms wrapped tightly around her drawn up legs. Her eyes were closed in fear, and she was slowly rocking back and forth. Once Dean realized how terrified the poor kid was, he lowered his gun and set it on a desk near the wall. Sam slowly moved to a squatting position in front of her, careful not to make any sudden movements to reduce the risk of her flying away again.
“Stop,” she squealed as he continued tickling her, her legs kicking wildly as she tried to get away from him, “Daddy,
“What if you had to take a female vessel for some reason?” Sam sighed dramatically, “It wouldn’t be the first time, right?”
“I just don’t understand,” Dean groaned and dropped his head into his hands, running his fingers through his hair, “It’s not like you even
“I’m so worried, Cas,” Dean whispered, his bottom lip trembling as his eyes brimmed with unshed tears. “What if we can’t find her?”
“Good call,” Dean pointed a finger at him, then gestured with his head to the door, “Come on, put your bag down and let’s go.”
“Okay Uncle Sammy,” Joey giggled before she wrapped her arms around his neck and placing a quick peck on his cheek.
“I’m aware, Cas,” Dean whispered, then without moving his eyes away from the television reached over and playfully shoved the angel’s face towards the TV.
“Joey,” Cas bellowed suddenly, closing one eye and getting lost in thought for a moment before nodding abruptly and shouting, “Joanna Jude Winchester, come in here.”
“Is that…” he trailed off, tilting his head further towards the door to try and hear better. Dean raised his eyebrows and shrugged, trying to decipher what his brother was talking about. The elder Winchester took a few careful steps towards the kitchen, craning his neck and closing his eyes. He straightened his spine suddenly, and matched Sam’s look of confusion.
Dean bit the inside of his cheek and pursed his lips, nodding slowly. His eyes suddenly brightened and he snapped his fingers.
Which is why when she walked out in a very small tank top and very short shorts, Dean had to look away.
“How do I start?” Cas walked over and stood just a little too close to Dean’s back, his head peeked over his shoulder as he watched Dean slide his fingers into the holes of the bowling ball and pick it up.
my fault though,” Joey interrupted, sitting up suddenly and turning in Cas’ arms to glare at Dean, “It was
“He said he was getting bored,” Dean shrugged and stood up, bending his back side to side to stretch.
“I just have to talk to Bubba by myself for a minute,” she grabbed one of each of her fathers’ hands and gave a quick squeeze, “I promise, I’ll be right back. Ol zir tol vaoan.”
Dean leaned his head against the seat, closing his eyes. He took a couple deep breathes and watched as Sam went into the lobby, coming out only a few minutes later with a key dangling between his fingers as he held his hand up. Dean nodded and opened his door, sliding out before moving to back door. He pulled on the handle and slowly opened it, reaching one hand in to grab Cas’ head before it could fall out of the car. She murmured for a moment and opened her eyes, blinking rapidly as Dean reached under her legs and scooped her up into his arms.
“Hey hey,” Dean held up a finger, walking over to try and gather Cas and Joey’s attention, “No talking in enochian.”
“Wait,” Sam interjected, holding up a finger, “I remember reading once that normal nephilim age roughly one year per human month.”
“Oh Cas,” Dean visibly shuddered from the typical Cas dirty talk and shook his head with a cocky grin, before leaning down to pull her bottom lip between his teeth, forcing a whimper from deep in her throat before he let it go with a wink, “Let’s see how many times I can make you come.”
“Okay, first off, rude,” Dean chuckled, shaking his head with a smile, “Secondly, don’t use finger quotes.”
It had been several years since Dean had looked at a real pair of tits, and while he knew that this was Cas, it still felt like cheating as his eyes ravaged over the perfect nipples, already hard from the cold air. Cas seemed to catch onto his thought process and sat up abruptly, moving to her knees and crawling towards the edge of the bed where Dean remained standing still.
“Dean,” Sam whispered, interrupted when the baby in his arms began to cry loudly. He bounced his arms slightly and shushed her quietly, trying to get her to calm back down.
“I guess he does, doesn’t he?” Dean slowly reached down to pet Butter’s head, only to have the kitten turn and nip at his hand. Cas laughed out loud as Dean looked down at the cat with an offended face.
“I don’t know,” Jack shrugged, furrowing his brow, “I’m telling you, there’s no way she could be lying.”
“There’s no time for chicken,” Cas moaned, rolling her eyes as she turned to walk towards the hallway.
“Joey,” Dean whispered before he broke into a quick sprint towards the table, snatching her up and pressing her against his chest. Joey was barely able to suck in a breath before Cas was pressed against her back, his arms wrapped around both her and Dean and squeezing tightly.
“Well for starters,” Jack moved to his hands and knees and stood up, dusting off his jeans, “She is not from this time.”
my fault. I shouldn’t have gone, I should’ve stayed with Grandma J, if I hadn’t flown to them then none of it would’ve happened.”
“Is…is the baby…did she…” Cas trailed off, his jaw tightened as he searched Dean’s face for a glimmer of hope.
“Cas must be back,” he leaned forward and clapped his hands before rubbing them together while licking his lips.
“Thank you,” Cas nodded quickly, drawing a deep breath before looking over at Sam, “Please, Sam, I need you to look.”
“Things quickly escalated after that, since I had basically come out in one of the biggest ways possible. I walked around every day just bracing for the aftermath, flinching every time my phone rang. I just
“Dean,” Cas finally put down the spatula and released the pan to cover Dean’s hands with his own, making sure that the hunter didn’t get any ideas.
“We have to go. Now,” he said quietly, trying to ignore the crowd of people forming near them from his apparent medical event.
“I’m fine,” she shrugged, then turned and look at Jack with an apologetic smile, “I’m sorry Bubba, I didn’t mean to.”
When he entered the room, he saw Cas standing at the stove and tried to hold back a moan. The angel was wearing a tight t-shirt that accentuated his biceps every time his arms moved to stir whatever he was cooking, and his sweatpants were hanging low on his hips and if Dean just gave one good yank they would—
“After everything we’ve been through,” Cas let out a long breath, his eyes still boring into Dean’s, “You still treat me like I’m disposable.”
Cas and Dean immediately locked eyes before looking down at the little girl in front of them. Without any further communication, they both knew and agreed with what had to be done.
“Shit,” Dean frowned, tucking his gun back into his waistband. If the kid was able to be trapped by this room, she had to be one of two monsters.
The second Cas laid eyes on the child, his angel blade clattered to the ground and he stumbled back a few steps, his hand moving to his head.
“I…I need to try and read your mind so we can find out where you’re from,” he paused and lowered his voice, remembering what Sam had said, “We just want to help you.”
“Fuck yeah you did,” Dean growled before reaching up with one hand and threading his fingers through her hair, pulling their mouths together. Although it was a completely different vessel, the kiss still felt exactly like Cas. Sure, the lips were a little smaller, and the tongue felt a little more petite, but overall it tasted exactly the same as his angel. The subtle hint of cinnamon mixed with an always overwhelming mint flavor that took over Dean’s senses and prevented him from realized that Cas was slowly pulling him towards the bed, their lips never parting.
Joey abruptly pulled into herself tighter and the small sliver of her eye that Sam could see flashed silver before she disappeared again.
me?” Cas spoke slowly, her voice low and coated with gravel as she took small steps towards the table.
“I don’t have to when you’re thinking about those kind of things, Dean,” Cas replied, “You were thinking very loud.”
“Luckily, when Cas and I got married, we bought a very well-sized house, with extra bedrooms galore. I couldn’t believe we were being placed with
Dean decided to use this opportunity to be the dominant one for once and reached under Cas’ ass, scooping her up and giving a tight squeeze to make sure she wasn’t going anywhere. Cas wrapped her legs around Dean’s waist and ground down onto his dick, wiggling her hips in circles as he walked them to the bed. When he felt his shins hit against the bed frame he carefully leaned forward, dropping Cas onto the mattress on her back. Dean reached up and peeled his shirt off as quickly as he could, the neck of the new shirt getting stuck around his ears for a brief moment. By the time the material came over his head and he was able to see again Cas had already yanked her own tank top off, and oh man was Dean happy they decided not to worry about buying Cas a bra yet.
Joey wiggled and pushed away from Cas’ chest so he would let her down to the floor, Dean taking a few small steps back to allow her a small amount of space.
“In regard to what?” she turned and looked at him with a slight tilt of the head that reminded Sam of Cas’ old vessel.
“Not necessarily,” Sam responded with a hushed tone, “I’ve read about time travel happening with supernatural creatures, and the butterfly effect only starts after twelve hours.”
“So listen, Joey,” Cas wrapped an arm around her shoulders and leaned his forehead against the top of her head, “I know that you’re worried about returning home. I understand it. But you know you have to, right?”
Sam and Jack both turned to look at each other, their eyes wide. Sam nodded and took a deep breath, then gestured with his head towards the door.
Dean had his eyes closed and his fingers pinching the bridge of his nose, trying to keep his breathing pattern calm.
Dean glared at Sam before shaking his head and slowly pushing out of his chair to stand and face Cas. Sam took this as his hint to leave and ran out of the room quickly.
Joey let out a long breath and dropped her arms to her sides, lowering her chin to look at the ground. She shook her head slowly before raising it to look at Dean, bringing a soft hand up to rest on his cheek. Dean swallowed as he looked into her bright blue eyes, feeling another strong wave of emotion overtaking him. Just as she gave him a soft smile, she lifted her hand from his face and her eyes flashed silver.
“Because The Empty would’ve taken me,” Cas spoke quietly, his tone low as the typical gravel of his voice echoed in the room, “But whose fault is it that you won’t say it now?”
It was that month later, and Sam and Dean were tidying up the bunker, preparing for her arrival. Well, Sam was cleaning. Dean was sitting at the library table, his feet propped up on the surface with his fingers linked behind his head while he watched Sam fuss over sweeping the floor.
“The pregnancy is going fine,” Cas nodded, her hands reaching down to rest over the small swell of her abdomen, “I’m not experiencing nausea anymore, and the fatigue has subsided greatly.”
“It’s not a baby!” Dean suddenly shouted, turning and yelling down directly into Cas’ face. She froze and moved to sit up, this time using her angel strength to shove Dean’s hands away from her.
“Jesus Christ,” Dean groaned, closing his eyes as he shook his head, “I’m not worried about that right now. He…she…we just need clothes that aren’t going to fall off of him. Her. Damn it!”
“I’m fine,” Jack shook him off and instead of getting to his feet, simply crossed his legs and tilted his head as he continued staring at Joey.
“Why not?” Dean threw his arms out, “We finally have a chance to get you back to your normal self. What if the longer the curse is in place it becomes more permanent?”
“Let me paint a picture here; Claire is seven, Jack is barely four, Ben is two and a half, Jesse is eighteen months, and Alex and Krissy are
“Waking up is hard,” Dean shot him a playful glare before he turned and wrapped his arms around Joey’s waist, giving her a tight squeeze, “Right Jojo?”
“Another one already?” Dean turned and set the towel on the counter before walking up behind her and rubbing her lower back.
“Okay, sorry about that, I got distracted by...it doesn’t matter. So. My first album, ‘Driver Picks the Music’, got released two weeks before my eighteenth birthday and apparently it was pretty popular, because suddenly I wasn’t just a good-for-nothing teenager from Kansas, and I had honest-to-god paparazzi following me around.
on our side. We’re not worried about one of us getting hurt beyond repair, Jojo. We’re just humans. Well, except Cas, but—never mind, the point is that you’re our daughter, and we don’t want anything bad to ever happen to you.”
“What are you doing?” Dean asked, his face scrunched up in confusion. Suddenly he heard the tell tale sound of wings behind him, and when he whipped around he saw Jack standing there with his hand up.
When he opened his eyes, he saw the muscles of Cas’ jaw twitching before he nodded once and took two large steps back.
“No, I don’t think so,” Cas shrugged, “I know that it’s normal for couples to develop affectionate names for each other, but I can’t think of one for you to call me at this moment in time.”
“I don’t know how she got into the bunker to begin with,” Sam sighed, lowering his gun to the side of his thigh, “But I wonder if the warding is keeping her from leaving.”
what this is about,” Cas interrupted, stepping forward with narrowed eyes, “You don’t want the baby, you don’t want me as a female, you don’t want
“Yeah, sure,” he smiled and reached out, taking Cas’ hand and guiding his fingers. Dean tried to ignore the heat that was radiating from their touch, swallowing as he helped Cas.
“You think you can control whether I go on hunts?” Cas crossed her arms and pursed her lips as she glared down at him.
“Well yeah,” Dean shrugged, nodding as he crossed his arms, “I could tell that Dean—me—damn it! That
“And we obviously might not agree on this name either,” Cas chuckled, shaking his head, “Because I am still not letting you name our daughter after a kind of pie—“
“I don’t want her to leave,” Jack whispered, biting his bottom lip, “I know that we have to send her back to her time, and that future me will get to be with her, but still…”
“Hey Jojo, how you feeling?” he moved forward and gently ruffled the top of her hair, chuckling when she reached up and swatted his hand away. She walked around him and moved in front of Cas, looking up at him with her blue eyes that matched his perfectly and raising her arms.
“Dean,” Cas tightened his jaw, “Contrary to the popular children’s belief, thunderstorms are not the angels bowling.”
Sam jumped up from the ground and crawled over to the flamethrower, and when he turned to look at his brother he saw Dean falling to his knees, one wendigo behind him holding onto his hair and the other one poking a claw into the exposed gaping flesh of his abdomen.
“My head hurts,” Past Jack chuckled, shaking his head, “But honestly, I’m not sure. It might be because it’s been less than twelve hours, it could be because you’re
Jack chuckled and leaned over, placing a quick kiss on her forehead before she snuggled back into his chest.
“You need to sleep, Dean,” Sam reached out and switched the radio completely off, “You were up all night last night.”
"Shut up," Dean muttered, punching the back of his brother's shoulder before joining him in the hallway.
“By the way,” Jack scooted off the bed onto his feet, “You guys will eventually have to give her a name.”
Dean drove the rest of the way home, speeding the entire time. Sam sat in the passenger seat, one hand gripping the bottom of the seat and the other holding onto the door handle for dear life. He knew better than to suggest they stop this time, or to offer to drive.
“I grabbed a map of the hiking trails at the last gas station,” Sam reached into his back pocket and pulled out a pamphlet, holding it up.
Dean drew a sharp breath and closed his eyes, blowing it all out his mouth before reopening them to look at the angel beside him.
Cas instantly smiled his unique gummy smile, pushing against the mattress to a sitting position quickly and earning him a concerned look from Dean.
“Wait,” Dean held up a hand once they reached the top, taking a few deep breathes before continuing, “Are you sure that’s a good idea?”
“That would explain her appearance,” Cas nodded, “She does look like she’s roughly eight years old.”
“It’s fine, Jojo,” he looked up and locked eyes with her, surprised that the nickname came out of his lips so freely. She instantly smiled brightly for the first time since she had arrived, and it simultaneously broke everyone’s hearts.
“This is not,” Cas paused, pausing as she grunted through another contraction, “It’s not actually my vagina!”
By the time they finished singing ‘hey jude’ the last time, Jack was releasing his fingers from Joey’s head. She stayed in that same spot, her breathing even and her mouth open just a little.
“I think we need to call Jack,” Cas looked at Sam, then stole a quick glance at the little girl, “Can you stay here with her?”
“What?” Dean snapped his head up to glare at him, instantly regretting it when his head throbbed from the sudden movement.
“Excuse me?” he shouted, leaning his head forward. Suddenly a short old woman jumped up from behind the desk, making Dean and Sam both jump.
“Again,” Dean sighed and stood up, crawling over top of her body to lay next to her, placing his face mere inches from his own, “Too bad.”
“Joey are you okay?” Cas reached out and pressed a hand to her shoulder as he slowly pushed herself to a sitting position.
,” Cas growled, unlocking the door and opening it before Sam had completely skidded to a stop. She scrambled out quickly, slamming the door shut behind her.
Dean nodded and rolled his eyes, “It is sweet, Jack. You’re her big brother, you’ve gotta have a nickname.”
“Uh, yeah,” Sam replied sarcastically, “You guys may be going on your first real date, but you’ve essentially been together for eleven years.”
“Cas heard them meowing as we jogged by,” Sam added, “We almost kept running but then he saw the box.”
“Maybe we got lucky and it got out,” Dean mumbled as he followed his brother into the hallway, first grabbing his pistol and sliding it back into the back of his pants.
The younger Winchester closed his eyes and took a deep breath before taking the few steps to the side and looking between her legs.
“Do you think he…she…Cas, maybe needs a, uh,” Sam cleared his throat, looking around before bringing his hands up to his flat chest and miming, “A bra?”
It was several hours later that the three of them were in the car on their way to Billings, Montana. Sam had initially tried to get into the backseat, which is where he had been riding for the last several months, but Cas insisted that he ride in the front with Dean. Sam hated when they got into these fights, but even more so when they all had to be stuck in a car together for hours at a time. Dean had at least turned on some music, but the lack of communication was awful.
“I know,” Cas responded quietly, trying to lean down to catch Dean’s eye. The angel let out a long breath before slowly reaching out and lifting Dean’s chin with his thumb. “Dean.”
The three of them turned to see Castiel standing in the doorway of the kitchen, holding her extremely swollen belly with one hand and bracing her back with the other.
“What?” future Jack shouted, turning his head just enough to try and hear her better as he kept his eyes locked on the man in front of him.
“Can’t he do this without looking?” Dean asked quietly, and Cas whipped her head around to shoot daggers at him.
“Dean,” she walked closer and pressed her body against his back lightly, her voice such a low tone that Dean could feel it in her chest echoing into his back. Cas grabbed his shoulders and forced him to turn to face her, grabbing his beer bottle and setting it loudly onto the table. She looked up at him and licked her bottom lip before pulling it between her teeth, her pupils blown with lust. He swallowed loudly, his hands clenched into fists at his side as he forced himself not to reach out and touch her.
Dean immediately got out his own side and ran towards her, “Where the hell do you think you’re going?”
“A nephilim was just created,” Jack sighed loudly, turning to look out the window, “Angel radio is going crazy. We have to go tell Dean and Castiel.”
Dean sucked in a sharp breath as he slid one hand under her bottom, linking his other arm beneath it and pulling her close to his chest. She began whining for a brief moment before she opened her eyes and looked up at him. Dean held his breath as her eyes seemed to look over his entire face before a tiny hand reached up. He leaned his face down so her fingers could scratch his stubble, and as soon as their skin made contact he felt an electric buzz running between them. His gaze jerked over to look at her, and he blew out a shaky breath when he saw her eyes shining a bright silver.
“Finally found the kid, now we lost Cas,” Dean muttered as he shrugged and turned down a hallway, occasionally calling out for his best friend. After looking down one long hallway and already being sick and tired of searching for people, Dean rolled his eyes and stopped walking directly outside the kitchen.
Joey bit her bottom lip before smirking and disappearing, a strong wind blowing the mens’ hair in her wake.
“Dean, I can walk,” she mumbled, shaking her head against his chest as he kicked the door shut and began walking towards Sam.
Dean, as always, dropped his head into his hands and ran his fingers through his hair. He shook his head and groaned before turning just enough to look up at the angel with an exasperated sigh.
Joey nodded, then let out a big yawn and stretched her arms above her head before sliding off of Jack’s legs onto the floor. She walked past Cas towards the couch and jumped onto it next to Dean, rubbing her nose on his arm.
“I very much doubt that’s what the problem was,” Sam reached out and placed a hand on Jack’s shoulder, giving him a soft smile before taking a deep breath and turning back to Dean and Cas.
“So, let’s see, then we got married two years later, I did one last tour, released three more albums, and we lived happily ever after, the end.
Jack took a deep breath and closed his eyes before pressing gently onto her temples. His head jerked backwards initially and his eyes lit up with their familiar golden glow as his brow furrowed.
“That explains the thing with Cas,” Sam turned and pointed a finger at the angel, “You just haven’t had sex with a human yet.”
Sam’s voice cut off by a bright light shining from the bottom of the bed, causing everyone in the room to cover their eyes. When the light finally dimmed, the baby was laying on her back on the bed below Cas, crying and kicking her arms and legs. Sam hurriedly turned to the side and grabbed a small blanket, wrapping it around the infant and scooping her into his arms, rubbing her sides to make sure she was drying off.
Future Jack turned to look at his past self, nodding before reaching out and pressing his fingers to his forehead to erase his memories, speaking three last words before traveling back to his time.
Jack nodded, then walked around Dean with a small smile fighting to appear on his face, “I can say with complete honesty I’m not entirely surprised.”
“Then prove it,” Cas stared into those forest green eyes, his own blue orbs shining with hope. Just as the angel was about to shake his head and turn around to leave again, he felt Dean’s hand wrap around the back of his neck and yank him forward.
“Cas, babe, wake up,” Dean’s voice began to crack as tears welled in his eyes and he furiously tried to blink them away.
“Dean,” Sam let out a sharp breath, closing his eyes and he turned his head up to the ceiling, “Please tell me you wore a condom.”
“Dean,” Sam turned and lowered his chin with his signature bitch face, “It looked like a kid. Maybe we should try a different tactic.”
“Oh yeah, that’s not creepy at all,” Dean mumbled, his gun still outstretched as they listened to the random banging now coming from all over the bunker.
“I say that my mom saved us, but like seriously, Claire would not have made it out of that first year if we didn’t have Mom. Of course we ultimately got the hang of it, but man, being a parent is
“I know that,” Dean whispered, trying desperately to focus on evening out his breathing because every time Cas’ hand started dragging down his abdomen, his lungs spasmed as if he couldn’t suck in the oxygen fast enough.
Sam nodded slowly and turned his head to look through the doorway. The little girl was still pulled into a tight ball, but had stopped rocking for the moment. Her head tilted up just enough for Sam to see her eyes flashing a bright silver light before dulling to a humanly bright blue.
“Oh,” Cas responded sheepishly, biting her bottom lip before looking to the side, a blush creeping up her neck to her cheeks, “Well, you know that you can always get me to orgasm quickly, Dean.”
It was February seventeenth that Cas walked into the library, her fists clenched at her sides. Sam and Dean were sitting at the table surrounded by various books, and the former was the first to notice her.
Dean spun around on his heels, jumping from the sudden voice behind him. His shoulders instantly relaxed when he made eye contact with Jack, and smiled widely before stepping forward and engulfing him in a hug.
“I’ll miss you too,” she whispered before rushing forward and encircling her arms around his waist. Dean froze for a moment before looking up at the ceiling, trying to fend off the tears threatening to spill over his lids. He finally gave up and bent over slightly at the waist to wrap his arms around her shoulders, squeezing tightly. When she finally let go and looked up at him, Dean couldn’t help himself but bend down and kiss the very tip of her nose, making her wrinkle it up and giggle.
Also, you may be confused. I promise that it will make sense soon, but for now just always look at the month/year at the beginning of each chapter.
“Hey,” Dean stopped and turned abruptly, a frown on his face, “There ain’t nothing ‘mere’ about you, Cas.”
Joey frowned and pouted her bottom lip out, leaning back in the chair, “I like future Bubba better. He lets me do whatever I want.”
“I wanna sit with Bubba,” Joey suddenly announced, sliding out from in between them and falling to her feet.
“I think I’m going to leave you two alone for this discussion—“ Sam held his hands up and slowly began backing through the door.
Jack gasped with a small smile, his head snapping down to look at Joey whose eyes had opened sharply and her mouth dropped open slightly. She looked up at him with bright eyes, her chest heaving as she breathed heavily.
The hunter cleared his throat and took a deep breath before nodding and moving forward, his eyes never leaving the small bundle in Cas’ arms.
“I just,” she paused, her eyes squeezed closed even tighter as she bit her bottom lip, “My dads...you...in my time, my dads would sing to me.”
“What’s that?” Cas breathed out, her head falling back onto the mattress as Dean blew a small rush of air onto her clit.
“Exactly,” Dean leaned forward and pressed a kiss to her sweaty forehead, “So now you have to be alive to see her grow up, okay? Which, if she’s anything like Jack will be in the thirty seconds after she’s born, but still.”
“Yes,” Cas nodded, looking down to where the black kitten was becoming more occupied with his brother than with cuddling, “This one’s name is Peanut.”
“New plan,” Dean nodded as he walked towards the wall with a pocket knife, starting on breaking the regular angel sigils that they had added.
Sam noticed the odd behavior and sighed before shaking his head quickly, “Hey, that’s not what I meant.”
When they realized the door was open, they both turned and smiled at Dean and Cas. Sam leaned down and carefully scooped the baby up into his arms, Jack following the movement with his own hands to make sure Sam had a good grip. Cas took a few steps forward, a bright smile on his face as Sam stood up and bounced his arms, walking towards the angel.
“Oh,” Cas nodded, then moved his hands to run down his body covered with the blanket, eventually reaching the spot between his legs and cupping himself, “I have certainly missed having a penis.”
Just as Joey looked up at her brother, she realized he was looking through the large opening to the library. She slowly turned her head and held her breath when she saw her fathers stood frozen on their feet, their mouths agape and their chests heaving.
to Kelly when she gave birth? She fucked died. Right then and there. Do you honestly think that I haven’t been worrying about that since the minute we found out you were pregnant?”
“As you said earlier,” Cas turned his head just enough to make sure Dean could hear him, “You don’t need me.”
“She didn’t...she didn’t do anything,” Cas let out a few sharp breathes, his hand lowering from his head as he looked up and met Dean’s gaze.
, you asshole,” Dean shouted as he grabbed both sides of Cas’ face and forced him to look at him, “You…you died, and I…and…goddamn it.”
It was Cas’ turn to roll her eyes as she reached up and swatted Dean’s finger away from her nose, “Stop acting like a stereotypical baby daddy.”
Cas pushed down on Dean’s shoulder, and the hunter let out a huff before slowly following Cas to the ground, crossing his legs and sitting indian style. Cas began making small noises with his mouth, and suddenly a small black furry head popped over the top of the bed. Cas continued making the noises and the kitten ran over and began sniffing the angel’s outstretched hand. When it ran its nose under his thumb, Cas wrapped his large hand around the kitten’s waist and pulled it to his chest.
Jack sighed, shaking his head, “Actually she’s not, earlier when she showed me the memories of her calling me ‘bubba’ I saw her convincing me to feed her cookies for breakfast before the three of you woke up.”
Sam bit his lip to try and stop from laughing, shaking his head as he turned to look at Jack. He was expecting the young man to be confused, but instead he had a bright smile on his face as he watched Dean and Cas turn into the hallway with Joey.
“That’s insane,” Dean responded, trying to ignore the way that Cas’ shoulders slumped slightly at his words.
Sam stood up slowly and groaned, turning to give his brother yet another bitch face. Dean shrugged and mouthed ‘what’ before rolling his eyes.
“But wait, you said she’s only eight months old,” Dean shook his head roughly, trying desperately to grasp onto the concept, “She’s a kid, not a baby.”
“Dude, get up,” Sam ran forward and wrapped his hands around Dean’s shoulders, pulling him up to a standing position before shoving him towards the now open bedroom door.
The angel cocked his head to the side before looking down and realizing that he was barely covered once the blanket had fallen to the side, and he was only wearing a sheer light blue tank top that barely came to his belly button.
“That sounds good,” Cas nodded, then moved to the back wall to scratch off a piece of the remaining nephilim sigil.
“Good job,” Sam chuckled, watching as Dean and Cas kept looking at each other without the other noticing, “Now, do you think you can tell us how to get you back to your time?”
My cover art for this will not stay up, so I'm just posting a link instead. https://twitter.com/Nurse_Curry/status/1258500765833969665?s=20
“Yeah yeah, you’re her grace daddy, whatever,” Dean shrugged and waved him off before scratching the last of the angel markings. He turned back to Cas and clapped his hands with a smile. “Okay, how do you feel? Juiced up?”
“Okay, Jojo it is,” he chuckled, reaching up and brushing her hair behind her ear. She gave him a small smile and just as he was about to stand up and talk to Cas, they heard her stomach growling.
“Cas,” Dean groaned, running a hand down his face as he took a step closer to the angel, “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean it like that—“
“Jesus,” Dean mumbled, dropping back against the headboard with a loud thud, “You moron, it’s not first sight.”
Cas rolled her eyes and shook her head before turning and heading towards their bedroom to pack their bags.
“What did she say?” Sam nudged Jack’s arms with his elbow, watching attentively as Dean argued with Cas.
“Seriously dude?” Dean cocked an eyebrow, “We’re here to kill a murdering monster, not for a photo shoot.”
“Okay, so then I just let the ball go and it’ll roll down the lane?” Cas looked up at him, his blue eyes bright with excitement.
Dean swallowed and nodded before turning to look at Jack, giving him a look of approval before glancing back down at Joey. Her eyes were closed yet again, and she seemed so peaceful that Dean couldn’t stop himself from placing a gentle hand on her cheek, rubbing his thumb along her jaw line. Joey peeked one eye open to look at him, and gave him a bright smile before closing her eye and snuggling into the pillow beneath her.
It was the middle of the night when Dean brought the impala barreling into the garage, barely throwing it into park before he jumped out of the car and began storming inside. Sam just shook his head and slowly got out, prepared to unload the car as slow as possible so he didn’t have to listen to the inevitable fight that was about to happen.
It took everything they had, every acquaintance and friend they had made over the last fifteen years. Jack did most of the work, and with Amara’s help they were finally able to put Chuck down once and for all. Billie, combined with the power from The Empty, gave Jack the ability to become the new ‘light’ in the world, essentially making him the new God.
“What is it? Is this body not suitable?” Cas instantly moved to close her legs, leaning up onto the backs of her arms.
“Well, maybe we would think it was a witch, or that—“ he stopped when he realized Cas was looking at him with a typical
“Because you can’t always rely on me to be your method of communication,” Jack said quietly, a small smile on his face.
Sam and Dean were on a run of the mill wendigo hunt in Northern Michigan. Cas had ventured up to heaven to visit Jack, but made Dean promise to pray to him if they found themselves in a pickle. The brothers ended up at a motel near Kalkaska which Sam insisted looked like an actual haunted building.
Joey narrowed her eyes as she looked at him, then sighed and pulled her hands away from him, crossing her arms.
Dean let out a long breath through his lips, pulling out his phone and scrolling on social media before he heard the door open. He looked up and choked on his own breath, his phone falling out of his hands and bouncing on the floor over to Cas’ feet. She stepped forward and bent over, and Dean swallowed loudly because the shirt that the sales woman had picked out was low cut and oh my Jack was it revealing. She was also wearing a pair of tight jeans that hung just low enough on her hips.
“Sam,” Jack reached up and wrapped his hand around Sam’s wrist, looking at him with a soft smile, “I have control of the situation. Nothing bad will happen.”
“Yes,” Jack looked at Dean pointedly, “Ever since I arrived, I had this very strange feeling. I couldn’t put my finger on it, but now that I know there’s another nephilim here, I understand.”
Sam tightened his jaw and quickly dropped the bag and pulled out the flamethrower as Dean reached out and turned the door handle, peeking over his shoulder to make sure that Sam was paying attention before he pushed the door open.
“Damn I missed that body,” he mused, a cocky smirk playing on his face as Cas pulled the shirt over his head.
The angel looked down suddenly, and Dean followed his gaze and slammed his eyes shut when he saw that Cas’ hands were clasped in front of him, his thumbs twiddling around each other.
“How many times have I told you not to read my mind,” Dean mumbled, shuffling over to the coffee pot and cursing when he remembered that he used the last of the grounds the day before.
“I agree,” Sam nodded, placing his hands on his hips and looking at his brother with his brow raised, waiting for an argument.
Cas had decided that even though Chuck had turned out to be evil, and many of the religious traditions that were practiced in this world were incorrect, he was going to partake in the easter tradition.
“Of course not,” Cas hissed, his eyes narrowed as he grabbed onto Dean’s shoulder and forced him to turn around directly in front of Jack and Joey. Dean refused to meet his gaze, looking instead down at the ground.
“Jojo,” Dean spoke up from where he was standing behind Cas, clearing his throat and repeating her name when she refused to meet his gaze initially. She finally looked up and made eye contact, her eyes shining again with tears. “We can have Jack read your mind to find out what happened, but we would rather you tell us.”
Sam let out a long breath, then bit the inside of his cheeks before nodding, “You’re right. We should at least stay close.”
Dean turned and raised an eyebrow, then looked back to make eye contact with her bright blue eyes. He tilted his head in question and she nodded.
“Before I tell you,” Cas straightened his shoulders, holding both of his hands out in a defensive manner, “I have to assure you that I have never lain with a human.”
“Cas,” Dean moaned, looking down at her and gulping loudly when he saw that her pupils were blown with lust.
“Dean,” Cas’ voice was so high-pitched that Dean almost didn’t recognize it. He turned around and saw the angel rushing towards him with a giant smile on his face. “Did you hear?”
“Hey, he wanted to try it,” Sam defended himself, crossing his arms, “I didn’t know that we were going to end up finding—“
“I just meant,” Dean paused, clearing his throat, “It made me…I don’t know, I guess I felt…come on, man, you know I’m bad at shit like this.”
“What look?” Dean replied, letting his bottom lip pout out just enough to make his face look pathetic.
Cas let out an exasperated sigh, “Are you not responsible for the offspring? Would you prefer fetus father?”
Dean straightened his spine suddenly, his eyes bugged out and his mouth dropped open as a blush began to creep up his neck. He slowly turned to glance at Cas, who had tilted his head to side and narrowed his eyes at Joey. Dean could hear Sam clearing his throat through laughter behind him, and shot him a glare before shaking his head.
“There she is,” Dean smiled, poking her nose once before dropping his hands and shaking his head with a loud clearing of his throat. The hunter backed away and nodded to Cas, “You can probably put her down now.”
“Oh man,” Sam finally spoke, shaking his head, “Congrats, you just got christened as a big brother.”
“Listen,” Sam held up a finger, and they all stopped talking and looked around the quiet room. Sam nodded, “She must have stopped somewhere.”
“Oh, so you already know that we turn into God then,” Future Jack nodded with a smile, with Past Jack returning the gesture. “Well then, are you ready to go?”
“This place gives me the creeps,” Sam muttered once they entered their room. It contained two more metal folding chairs on either side of a table with a book holding up one of the legs, and two beds that seemed to have multiple unknown stains along the bedspreads.
Sixty days that Dean had to deal with the love of his life being stuck in a body that was not his own. They had argued more in those two months than ever before in their entire lives, and for Dean and Castiel, that was certainly saying something.
“It’s okay,” Jack shook his head slightly, his eyes still aimed at the ceiling, “She’s doing great. We’re okay.”
By the time the movie was over, Joey had fallen asleep and was curled up on Jack’s lap, his shirt fisted in one of her hands as she breathed slowly. Dean nudged Cas’ shoulder and gestured silently with his head towards the chair, and the angel instantly smiled when he saw the two nephilim cuddled together.
“A mile?” Dean moaned, unlocking the trunk and yanking it open as he rolled his eyes, “In the snow?”
“You know Cas will be okay, right?” Sam took the three steps towards Dean and placed a hand on his shoulder, giving a quick squeeze.
“Wait, Cas,” Sam took a deep breath and held his palm out towards the angel, his brow furrowed deeply, “Are you saying she’s a—“
“How many times do I have to tell you that I am a genderless celestial being before you believe me?” she sighed with a sarcastic tone as the index finger on her right hand began tracing the outline of his muscles through his shirt, her left hand resting delicately on his hip.
“Okay,” Jack nodded and walked towards the hunter, giving him a bright smile. Dean cocked a confused brow at him before shaking his head and walking towards the stairs.
“I didn’t,” Jack shook his head with a small smile, “I was actually just coming down to visit when I heard you talking about praying for me.”
“It’s all my fault,” Dean suddenly pulled back and shook his head, “This is all because we got into that stupid fight, if I had realized how idiotic I was being about—“
Dean’s eyes flicked to the rearview mirror for a brief moment before he took a deep breath. He had been up all night, researching ways to transform Cas back into the original male vessel. He had snuck out of their bedroom after Cas fell asleep, and then back in before she woke up in the morning. She didn’t seem to hear the conversation, her eyes still watching the trees they drove by with her head resting against the window.
