“Not like much else is going to these days, what with hunting being basically obsolete and all. Kaia wants me to stop, though--can’t stand the way that I smell when I smoke inside.”
“I . . . I . . . ” Dean shook his head, trying to come back into himself. He glanced down at his watch to see if, somehow, he had gotten stuck on a loop like Sam had so many years ago, but the date on the face of the watch had definitely moved forward. He looked back up at Castiel and leaned forward to kiss him lightly before responding. “How are you here?”
The park was only a few minutes away from the freeway, but it felt like the road was both never ending  and much too short as he tried to push down the blush that he knew was burning along his cheeks and his ears. He loved the feeling of Castiel pressed against him, his warm breath shooting out in small puffs against the back of Dean’s neck and his strong arms making Dean feel completely safe and loved.
Castiel pulled back after several minutes, feeling slightly out of breath as he wrapped his arms around Dean’s neck and pulled him in for a hug. Dean hugged him close and buried his face into Castiel’s neck, mumbling something as Castiel adjusted how they were sitting so now
Billie had laughed and shook her head, shooting down his wish without a second thought. Dean’s heart clenched, the minute hope that he had felt fizzling out as quickly as it had started. When he had seen Billie, he had really thought that she could make it happen. If
the leftovers.”
Castiel pulled at his hair a few more times before looking at Dean, rubbing the back of his neck. “I’m sure that helmet has made my hair a mess,” he commented sheepishly, biting his lip and dropping his arms down to his side as Dean started to walk down a narrow walking path through the woods.
“. . . as a brother.”
“No. I promise.” He moved his hand from Dean’s shoulder to cup his neck. He leaned forward slowly, giving Dean plenty of time to move away.
Dean’s eyes widened and he swerved around to face Castiel. He reached across the blanket and took Castiel’s hand again. “I promise you, Cas, you haven’t  done anything wrong. I just wanted to . . . I need to tell you something.”
Chuck, Dean had been so stupid. Castiel had blatantly told him how he felt about him, and Dean hadn’t said anything back. Sure, part of him was furious that Castiel would leave Dean to deal with the aftermath of his confession, but the other part of him was completely terrified. Good things didn’t happen to Dean. The people he loved got hurt, and anything in his life that made him remotely happy was yanked away from him right as he was getting comfortable. He couldn’t tell Castiel that he loved him, too, just to have it all get yanked out from under him.
As Jack grew stronger, however, he tried more and more to get into Dean’s good graces. In fact, it was him that brought Castiel back, vessel and all. Sam and Dean had both tried to figure out what exactly it was that Jack did, but even the boy couldn’t explain how he rebuilt the man from ash. He and Dean had gotten into an argument on a chilly fall evening, during which Dean had let Jack know
Dean didn’t answer. Castiel let out a breath through his nose before making a noise that sounded like a growl. He grabbed Dean’s hand, and this time, he was the one pulling Dean through the bunker. He led them into Dean’s room and pushed him onto the bed before crawling to sit next to him.
Dean chuckled as he went around a particularly sharp turn, moving one of his hands off the handlebar to squeeze Castiel’s fingers. “Are you okay back there?”
Castiel shook his head. “What? Dean, I don’t know what you’re talking about.” He glanced down at the bottle of Holy Water still in his hand before coming over and sitting down next to Dean. He hesitated before pouring a few drops onto Dean’s hand, his shoulders relaxing when there was no response. “You’re not possessed either . . . are you feeling okay?” He reached out and placed the back of his hand against Dean’s forehead. “You aren’t warm.”
Sam put the lid back on the carrots and rolled his eyes again before walking out of the room. Dean watched him leave before letting his shoulders drop, his heart sinking. Cass would be back before dinner. He had to be.
Castiel nodded slowly. “Yes, Dean. I thought we established this yesterday.” He narrowed his eyes. “Are you sure that you’re feeling okay? You’ve gone pale, and your hands are all sweaty—”
“Dean, I’m the one who gripped you and raised you from perdition. I know when you aren’t being truthful with me.” He put the plate down and moved to wrap his arms around Dean’s waist. He kissed the back of Dean’s neck before resting his cheek against Dean’s shoulder blades. “Why did you
because I am so,
When the single intact bulb fired up, Dean froze in his tracks. There, curled up in his bed and clutching one of Dean’s flannel shirts, was Castiel, his hair longer than Dean was used to and his skin smooth and supple, free of all of the scars that he had acquired over the years he had been using Jimmy as his vessel.
be able to see just how badly he had taken Castiel’s death. He had barely eaten anything, there were cuts and scratches littering his arms, legs, and abdomen, and he hadn’t bothered staying up at all with his personal hygiene.
“What do you say we put the food away for now and take a nap? I just . . . I want to hold you, Cas. It doesn’t have to turn into anything else, but you’ve done so much to protect me over the last nine years—I just want to do the same for you. I want to make you feel loved and protected.”
He waited until Claire had made her way back into the bunker before walking over to Dean, the wind blowing his trench coat open around his jeans and Metallica tee shirt. “I’m sorry that I’m late.” He looked down at the bag in his hand before holding it out to Dean. “I . . . brought pie. It’s pumpkin.” Dean stared at the bag, but he didn’t take it. Castiel took a step closer and put the bag down next to Dean’s shoes. “Did . . . did dinner turn out all right?”
Once they were home, though, and Sam and Jack had gone off to do their own things, Dean was filled with anger. He had /told/ Castiel time and time again to stick close, to make sure that Dean and Sam knew what was going on with him at all times, and this is how he followed those orders? Slipping around behind the monster and out of Dean's line of sight?
“You sure? We can go back if you want. I can put everything in the saddle bags back into Baby’s trunk.”
Sam gave Dean Bitchface #98. “Seriously, Dean? Again?”
Dean’s skin.
“Why do you keep leaving, then? Did I do something?
stay behind?”
“Dean?”
could come back from the dead (and really, who would have expected that a reaper could have a second chance?), then why couldn’t Castiel? Surely bringing an angel back from the beyond was easier than bringing back a cosmic entity.
“They’re . . . they’re out on a hunt,” Dean said, flipping the eggs as his stomach clenched uncomfortably as the selfishness of the situation hit him. He should at least call them and let
. He had just gotten Cass back, and sure, he hadn’t told him how he felt about him, or responded to anything that Cass had said
I doing something? Because it’s driving me crazy, Cass.”
“I’m fine, Dean,” Castiel responded, his voice tight and his grip tightening even more.
Castiel shook his head. “Dean, no. Of course not.” He glanced down at Dean’s lips before looking up at his eyes again. “I just didn’t want to make things uncomfortable for you.”
Dean glanced up at Castiel through his lashes, his breath catching as green eyes met blue. Tears were dotting along Castiel’s lashes, but that combined with the tears rolling over his cheeks just managed to make the man look more beautiful. Dean couldn’t help himself; he
“No there isn’t.”
“We are right by the bunker, Cas. Trust me, we are plenty safe here.” He moved one hand up to cup Castiel’s shoulder and the other one to pull the man closer to his chest. “I was going to just come straight here on our drive, but—you were just so close to me, I didn’t want it to stop. I wanted you pressed against me.”
Surprisingly, Dean was able to fall asleep just minutes before the clock struck twelve, and when he woke up in the early afternoon, he could immediately feel that Castiel was long gone. The empty space next to him was cold, and everything in Dean felt hollow.
be the very last time that he would was too much for him.
Dean moved his hands down to Castiel's hips and slipped them under the Hem of his shirt, rubbing his thumbs in small circles over the man's hipbones. "I'm sorry, too, for what I said. You're a great Hunter, Cas, and I always want you with us. I want you with me everywhere."
Dean let out a sound that was somewhere in-between a whimper and a sob before diving forward, pulling Castiel into his arms and burying his face into his neck. The tears that he had been trying so hard not to let fall overwhelmed and escaped him.
Then with a rustle of his wings, and a hint of cocky-bastard dust too, Gabriel was gone.
"Castiel was a bad boy." Naomi says, taunting the copy. "I sent him home to Purgatory."
Castiel just sat there, looking at him curiously, as if he were urging him to go on.
"You want to work in research? That's rare. I hear it's boring. Most people in your situation want to become doctors." Cas said.
"God, Cas, what the fuck man." Dean groaned. "An angel holding my hair back while I puke. What has become of my life?"
"I might. I think I might be tired." He said.
Dean was staring at a question about XY chromosome disorders when he felt Castiel scoot over on the couch, his face less than 8 inches from Dean. Dean glanced over at him. Castiel had taken off his glasses, but there were still a stack of ungraded tests in his lap.
"Where's Bobby? Did you save him?" Dean asked.
"How was it?" Dean asked bitterly.
It took longer than an hour, but when it was over, Dean was covered in bruises and bites from Cas's sudden turn to the dark, yet totally hot, side. As they stalked out to the barn and Dean noticed he was actually sore. Like, he was sure he was limping and there were bruises in places where he wasn't used to having bruises, like his inner thighs.
Sam wasn't handling it so well now.
"I'm sorry." Castiel said, his voice barely more than a whisper.
"Where's Sam?" Mary asked suddenly, her voice grave.
"It's 10:30." Castiel whines. "Dean, where were you?"
"Cas, at least take off the damn trench coat, suit, and the shoes. That can't possibly be comfortable. In fact, why don't you borrow something of mine?" He reached over into his suitcase and handed him a t-shirt advertising Stanford University that had once belonged to Sam. He couldn't believe he'd let Cas wear it, but somehow it seemed okay.
Castiel was gone, and he was
Castiel was going to die.
who invited Jody and the girls. He wouldn’t miss dinner just because things because Dean and he were . . . uncomfortable, to say the least.
He rolled over towards Castiel’s spot, grabbing the pillow that he had laid on and pulled it towards his chest. Castiel’s smell assaulted his senses, and Dean immediately lost it. He screamed into the pillow before sobbing, the lump in his throat making it hard to breathe. God, how was he going to do this? He doubted Billie would let him die if he tried to kill himself again, but by Chuck did that option still sound appealing. He didn’t want to be here if Castiel wasn’t. It just wasn’t fair.
When he went inside, he paused in the kitchen before going straight to his bedroom. He popped his favorite Led Zeppelin tape into the deck and turned it up as loud as the speakers would go, collapsing onto his bed and throwing his arm over his eyes. He sighed loudly, his mind drifting back to Billie’s denial once again.
have to get a twenty-pound turkey?!”
fun about this. His helmet kept slipping back and getting caught on the hood of his jacket, and the safety glasses that Dean insisted Castiel wear was rubbing the wrong way across the bridge of his nose.
Dean mumbled his answer.
“Marry me.”
Dean shook his head. “It’s okay, Cass. Really.” He leaned down and gave Castiel another soft kiss before stepping back, interlacing their fingers. “Come on. If we hurry, you can get some of Claire’s homemade apple pie before Jack eats all of it.”
Castiel squeezed his eyes shut and clenched the side of Dean’s jacket, which he had been holding onto whenever he felt like there was a chance the he would fall of (a constant worry that kicked in the moment that Dean decided to fly down the highway). He pulled the jacket towards himself, pressing his shoulders more firmly against the back of the seat.
of all days. Dean’s favorite holiday, for Jack’s sake. He wouldn’t miss it.
to take care of myself.”
“I love you, Cas.”
Castiel tried to pull back, but Dean moved a hand up to hold on to the back of his head, successfully keeping him in place. Castiel struggled against the pressure, obviously desperate to look at his friend. “Dean, you’re scaring me,” he said, his voice tight and nearly silent. “What did you do?”
“I love you, too, Dean. Always have, always will.”
The caller on the other end only spoke two sentences before disconnecting the all. “You have your twenty-four hours. Don’t fuck it up.”
Dean adjusted the water temperature until it was perfect, and before too long, Dean and Castiel were out and dressed in Dean’s softest sweatpants and tee shirts. Castiel sat down at the table in the kitchen, and Dean set to work on making the best breakfast he could out of the ingredients in the bunker’s freezer.
Dean took the cigarette from her, nodding his thanks when she held out her lighter. “These things will kill you, you know,” he said, taking a drag and dropping his feet to the ground. He scooted over so that Claire had room to lean next to him.
He walked over to Dean, stopping a few feet away.  Dean refused to look at him, the anger quickly turning to anxiety as Castiel came closer to the reason why Dean was so upset with him. Castiel, however, was still angry. "Besides, I'm fine, Dean! You and Sam made sure of that! Jack got me out in time, and I'm still here! I don't know what you want me to do, I have accepted being human and I am doing everything I know how to do to keep our family safe--"
As the twenty-four hour mark came closer, however, Dean could quickly feel himself going downhill. Getting one last day with Castiel was everything that he wanted, but he no longer felt like “just one more day” was enough to satisfy him. Just like he knew it would, losing Castiel was so much worse when he was his.
Castiel surged forward and kissed Dean before he fully even processed what it was that the man had said. He rocked up onto his knees and leaned in, putting both of his hands on either side of Dean’s face and kissing him hard. Dean wrapped an arm around Castiel’s waist and pulled him onto his legs, moving him until he was straddling Dean’s lap.
Twenty minutes into the ride, and Castiel knew that Dean was a dirty liar. There was
Dean felt his stomach clench in frustration at Castiel's words. "Right. That's why you almost died again today. You're clearly doing /such/ a great job."
Castiel sighed. “I can’t hear you, Dean.”
Then again, Dean would be lying if he said that Castiel dying without ever knowing how Dean felt wasn’t a million times worse. That was why he begged Billie for even just a day. If he got to hug Castiel again, to hold him in his arms and breathe in the unique scent that he had always associated with the angel, to kiss him even just once, he could survive. The memories would be enough to keep him going. What was that phrase, that it was better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all? He had always thought that the people that said that were full of shit, but maybe, just maybe, they were right.
Dean grit his teeth and tried to keep his breathing slow as he felt the tip of Castiel’s pinky brush the skin right beneath the hem of his dark-gray Henley. He was excited enough from the ride as it was with focusing on the sparks of arousal shooting through his veins every time Castiel so much as even
Dean’s heart was in his throat. “That depends.”
Dean startled and turned to look towards Castiel. “Yeah?”
you. Like Adam loved Eve. Like John loved Mary.”
He didn’t wait for a reply before he leaned forward and pressed his lips to Castiel’s, his racing heart stopped and he felt all the strength in his body rush straight down to the floor. Castiel immediately kissed back, his hand moving from Dean’s back to his neck. The tears began anew, and Dean used his thumbs to push the liquid off of Castiel’s cheeks.
until he got sick of being in the bunker, and took off less than a week later.
The words echoed in Dean’s mind for the millionth time in the week since Billie had brought him back to life. When she had asked him what he wanted, he didn’t even have to think about it before blurting out, “I need Cas back.”
Sam huffed and shook his hair out of his eyes. He leaned back against the counter and crossed his arms, raising his eyebrows before settling his face in Bitchface #23. “Fine. I’m calling Jody and the girls, then. We don’t need Cass or Jack eating themselves into food-comas. Eileen is already planning on sleeping all day tomorrow; we don’t need any more bodies piling up.”
tell me that I can kiss you, Cas. I’m going crazy here.”
Castiel took the phone and stared at it for a second before putting the phone on the counter behind him. “I can talk to them later.” He reached over and put his hand on Dean’s lower back, his fingers tapping in small circles. “Why aren’t you with them? You don’t normally stay behind on hunts.”
that.
Dean didn't notice that tears were slipping down his cheeks until Castiel sagged against him and pressed his thumbs beneath Dean's eyes. Dean shook off the contact and continued speaking. "I didn't have to worry about you when you were an angel, Cas, dont you get it? Sure, some son-of-a-bitch could have ganked you, but you wouldn't drown. You wouldn't fall and hit your head. Hell, some stupid sickness wouldn't take you away from me like it almost did Jack! God, Cas, you're right, he is our son, and when I thought he was dead, it ripped me up inside, but today? I know what it feels like to lose that connection with you, man, and today, it was gone! /You/ were gone, and I--"
Dean dragged himself back to the bunker late the next evening after going on a particularly nasty bender, tears continuously leaking down his cheeks as his mind spun with memories. He got back after Sam and Jack had already gone to bed, “seeing” his way around down the halls towards his room with his hands. He pushed open his door and kicked his shoes off, rubbing his hand along the wall until he found he light switch.
“It doesn’t matter, Cas,” Dean cut him off, leaning forward and kissing him again. “Let’s get you cleaned up and fed, okay? You can wear something of mine, I don’t mind.”
to kiss Castiel. He had wasted far too much time, and if they only had (now) less than a day . . . he wasn’t wasting another minute. He took a deep breath and whispered, “I love you, Cas.”
Dean let out a deep breath. “I . . . ” He trailed off, closing his eyes. “I really, really missed you, Cas. I wasn’t handling your death well at all. Hell, I could barely even speak the words. I couldn’t stop kicking myself for not telling you that I love you back, after all that drama with Ramiel.” He tightened his grip on Castiel. “It took everything in me to even wake up in the morning, nonetheless to get out of bed and take care of myself. I didn’t
Dean’s face moved closer to his, his eyes were fixated on the shorter man’s lips.
That weekend, when there were only three days left until the deadline, he locked himself in his room at home and worked day and night to be able to finish his piece in time.
There was an intense, mutual
His doubts were cleared not long after, when he felt a hand wrap around his torso from behind.
“Aw, Cassie, your face is so red. You already got a crush on him? Can’t blame you, he’s dreamy as hell.” Meg winked, as she slurped a mouthful of spaghetti. “Tell me, what is he like in real life?”
“What am I supposed to do, dance?” he asked, not really knowing what to do there. He was awkwardly standing there, rigid as a column.
Or, could it be that, maybe, he hadn’t recognized him?
“Ok, slow your roll there. There’s no guarantee that I got the job, not until Winchester has approved of my article.” Said Castiel. He hated to bring her down, whenever she would show excitement over one of his life-changing events, but he also felt that it was too early to claim victory.
“Tell you what, newbie, you’re invited to the monthly release of Texan Nights for our February issue. Every month we rent a club and use it as our own private night of partying. You’ll be the main character in this event so you better show up, or I might change my mind on your hiring.”
The whole process proved itself to be filled with sleepless nights and infinite stress, together with the anxiety of being rejected.
, Meg would have said.
Sam, however, didn’t seem to mind his brother’s apparent horrible personality. That either meant they were both awful or that the lawyer had a lot of patience.
“I’m not lying to you Meg, I can’t lie, remember? Dean Winchester is the mysterious man I picked up at the club, last week. I guess he was wearing a mask because he didn’t want the public to know it was him.” he continued.
His head was throbbing incessantly, a clear sign of hangover. So that was what had happened, he had gotten drunk out of his mind and slept with a complete stranger, in his bed apparently.
He could see Dean Winchester standing on the sidewalk, happily chatting with the tallest man he’d ever seen. He was laughing, hugging that man as tight as ever, as if he hadn’t seen him in years.
When Charlie knocked to signal her presence, the man behind her felt his heart beat faster than it had even done before.
“Here he is!” said Charlie in an excited tone, after she saw him. “Come, sit here! I’ll introduce you to the others!”
When the mysterious guy moved his lips from his mouth to his neck, Cas was unable to suppress a soft moan.
“Hello, Castiel, right? Don’t be so stiff, relax. Enjoy the Winchester-free time while you can.” said Jody.
“Yes, I was named after an angel, actually.” Cas replied, trying his hardest to hide that he was filled with anxiety.
Oh, so that was the brother Meg had talked about.
If he could score the job of his dreams, it didn’t matter that he had to write about what young adults did when the sun went down.
Cas was surprised that she was being so generous with him, but he knew that she was behaving like that because she was proud of him.
Cas had always loved writing, therefore making it his job would have been a very great experience.
Unbelievable. That was what dreams were made of, it seemed.
There was probably something else going on - it almost felt too easy - but Cas chose not to let that thought spoil his enthusiasm.
One last look at himself through the glass door, then Castiel made his entry into the structure.
There was one person, however, who had never had the pleasure to be aware of Dean’s perfection and that was Castiel Novak.
Castiel Novak wasn’t the biggest fan of nightlife.
“Then screw him. He’s bloody obnoxious.” the girl grimaced. “Hot, but obnoxious.”
Cas hated the way that man spoke, so unnatural, sounding almost like a computer.
He had gone out to party with his best friend, so that he could be more experienced in case he obtained the job he wanted, and then the Batman of the hour had offered him a drink.
What worried Castiel was whether he was going to hire him or not, since he had basically left him alone the morning after their drunken sex.
No girl could say no when Dean had his eyes on her and made her his prey. He just needed to open his mouth, say a few sweet words, and boom, all the ladies’ panties would drop.
“It’s not too late to save yourself.” was what the young woman whispered to Cas before running off.
He definitely remembered.
All he had to do now was get the inspiration he needed to ace the task he’d been given.
he thought,
There was an involuntary shiver coming from Castiel’s body, it was fear mixed with thrill.
After what felt like an eternity, the boss finally spoke.
His motto, when it came to writing, had always been “live it, then tell it” and there was no better way to live up to it than to make a trip to one of the most glamorous clubs that Austin had to offer.
He wondered if something was about to happen. Did a sober Dean Winchester want him as badly as his drunk alter-ego?
In fact, when he grabbed his phone he saw that there were around twenty missed calls.
Castiel could hear him clearly through the ringing in his ears and accepted the proposal.
Sat at one of the tables situated by the window, there were Charlie and five other employees. There was a spare seat, located between the secretary and a thin man, so Cas looked at it intensely, wondering if he should pretend to be a social butterfly and eat in the company of other people.
So, on the first Friday night that he’d been in the metropolis, Castiel made his entrance into the famous club. Courtesy of his best friend, who was his chaperone for the adventure.
There was a pause, Cas was patiently waiting for his friend to say something, although he had to admit that he was slightly entertained.
“Sometimes, Sam comes here to help the boss decide on the articles. Has to check if it’s legally ok. Don’t try making fun of him for his hair or something, because Dean will fire you. If you cross his brother, well… you might not live to tell the tale.” Donna added in a chuckle.
There wasn’t much that needed to be said at that moment, so Castiel let that stranger’s hands touch all over his chest, and his mouth get closer to his.
When lunchtime came, Cas hadn’t even written a line. Meaning, he had written a few, but then deleted them all.
“Dangerous as in part of a criminal organization?”
His best friend gave a giggle. “Of course, Cas! You want to know what you’ll be writing about for the new job, right? So, come on, show your girl your best moves!”
Meg looked like she was going to faint.
After all, the magazine was about the glamorous part of the nightlife.
“Here’s to you getting the job!” said Meg, that night at dinner. She poured both herself and her friend a glass of sparkling wine.
He hated when someone breathed on his neck while he was creating something, but he’d decided he wouldn’t do anything that could compromise his stay in that place that others could only dream about.
“Wow, I could get used to this level of comfort.” Cas mumbled to himself.
He was in his trench coat, which he felt was perfect for that kind of interview, but the sight of the secretary wearing clothes that looked like they were donated by a celebrity, made him panic on the inside.
Other than that, she drove him to the meeting herself.
Usually, people who struggled with their identity were not so easy to deal with and, sometimes, enjoyed bullying others to feel better about themselves.
Though feeling more like a distant memory, the way the man under him had moaned and begged him to take him, to make him his, had sounded like the most mellifluous music he’d ever heard.
“Good. Then let me show you to your office.”
Cas wondered if he remembered what had happened that night.
Behind them, there was a long, black limo.
“Yes, but I didn’t know it was him! As I said, I had never seen a picture of him. I mean, he bought me drinks and I thought he was a real stud so I rolled with it.” Castiel shrugged his shoulders.
That said, Charlie closed the door and trotted back to her desk.
When they finally arrived at their destination, our man was shocked to see that the door to the CEO’s office wasn’t see-through, unlike the ones he’d already seen.
Now that they were sitting pretty close to each other, Cas could make out the face of the undoubtedly rich man.
“Ok, then I’ll leave you to it. See you later!”
As a treat to him, she insisted on taking him to the hair salon to fix the long mess that was on his head.
Sure, his ride back turned out to be a bit of a challenge, given he didn’t know the address of the house he’d slept in, but he still managed to find the way home.
“Good morning! My name is Castiel Novak and I’m here for the interview with Mr Winchester.” said Cas.
“So, Castiel Novak, uh? What a singular name.” he looked up from the computer, right into Castiel’s eyes.
“Ah, an angel. That’s cute. So, man who was named after an angel, I took my time to evaluate your resume and I have to say that I was… captivated. It says here that you were valedictorian in your high school, you took Journalism at the University Of Dallas and that you worked in a literary cafè for five years. Almost the perfect profile for a new employee. However, your choice of wear makes me think that you have little to no idea about what nightlife even is.”
“I can’t believe you fucked Dean Winchester without even knowing, oh dear God! You have no idea how much I’m envying you right now!” Meg slapped her friend’s arm. “You just crushed my soul! He’s into dudes?”
The CEO had now risen to his feet, leaving his comfortable chair untouched, and walked closer towards the scared sheep that was Castiel Novak.
Before Castiel knew it, the first day of work came around, although it was more like a trial version.
He did as Meg had told him to do, when you’re in a  job interview and the employer says you have a weakness, you’re not going to agree with them; on the contrary, you have to make them believe that you can do anything if you want to. You have to sell yourself to them, in a way, so that they will not need anyone else to take your place.
The only thing that couldn’t be seen in that individual’s face was the upper part, which was covered by a mask, making him unrecognizable.
Cas nodded, ready to make his way out the door, but he was grabbed by the arm, destroying his plan to escape.
That guy was definitely a Don Giovanni; he certainly knew how to kiss.
Maybe that was his defense mechanism over someone who had dared leave him there hanging the morning after.
“No need for that, sir. Already taken care of.”
The girl who was sitting next to him looked at him as if he were an alien.
What were the odds that a random man he’d had his first one-night stand with was actually a big shot like the director of a magazine, not to mention the person who would have decided his working fate?
“Is that a good thing?” Cas asked.
It was rather… spacious. It didn’t look like your average office you’d see in countless movies, it resembled more of a hotel room.
He wondered.
The dreaded day came without a warning.
This is it.
Meg had always been the big sister that he had never had.
Minutes felt like hours, and the awkwardness of spending those minutes with a random woman made it even worse.
When Castiel woke up the next day, he noticed that he was alone in a silk-covered bed.
His personal office was the rendition of Mr. Winchester’s, except that it was extremely small when compared to it.
He took a deep breath.
From that vicinity, he could see that the boss’ face was studded with freckles. Weird, he hadn’t noticed that small detail during their fiery encounter.
Castiel turned around to see a very attractive figure. He could have sworn he had never seen someone look so good before.
He figured it was inevitable to find hostile colleagues, at any workplace.
He didn’t want to mind, though.
Looking around the room, Cas noticed other people were sitting at the remaining tables, who were glaring at him as if he were cannon fodder, but he chose to ignore them.
He chose to say nothing.
“Here we are, fourth floor. Come, Mr. Winchester's office is this way” said Charlie, the secretary. She wore a name tag, which Cas only noticed after a while.
“Thank you so much, Mr. Winchester. This is the greatest of honors. I will not disappoint you.” Cas responded, his voice quivering with emotion.
breathtaking and intriguing articles I have ever had the pleasure to read. That’s the only way you can win the honor of working for me. If you haven’t guessed yet, Mister Angel, I want you to write a piece on this trenchcoat of yours and how it looks amazing on the dancefloor.” As he spoke, Dean put an intimidating hand on Castiel’s shoulder and caressed the soft fabric that belonged to the piece of clothing in question.
“So, these are Jody, Jo, Ruby, Garth, and Donna.”
There was one inconvenience, however -  the magazine was about nightlife.
It wasn’t violent, unlike the sloppy kisses he’d received in that contest before, it was almost professional.
There were women dancing with other women, men grinding up against other men, other than making out next to a champagne fountain.
The woman nodded her head, then she left, mouthing a “good luck” to Castiel.
There wasn’t much he could do, other than follow in the footsteps of his best friend, Meg, who had moved to Austin a few years prior.
His name was splattered all over, you could see posters of his company everywhere.
The only thing he needed to do was send his resumé to the company and then go in for an interview with the CEO himself, if he were to be, in some way, captivated by his document.
Mary Winchester didn't come back for two hours and the house became unbearable, so Dean took Castiel and Sam over to the Singers for a few hours to exchange gifts. Being in the presence of the Singers, who were so jovial and so apple pie normal made Dean feel even worse. As Jo unwrapped the girl-shaped lava lamp he had gotten for her at a Goodwill in Plainville and screamed with laughter, he couldn't even laugh along with her. He could barely muster up enough spirit to return Jo and Bobby's bear hugs. When they left to return to the Winchester house, Dean understood acutely why Castiel had left the Singer house feeling so empty the day before. After all, the grass is always greener at Singer Salvage.
"I see how you look at him, with such worry in your eyes. I heard you whisper 'you okay baby?' at least four times in the last four hours and I know how you see me. I might occasionally be delusional, but I'm not blind or stupid." Sam said.
Castiel set the art supplies on the table next to his easel and came over to where Dean was sitting. Dean grabbed the chair to the left of him and slid it over. He glanced up at him. Unsurprisingly, Cas looked like he was about to puke.
"So Castiel. What's your last name? I can't imagine you can top Castiel, but ya know." Dean asked, reaching over and grabbing a handful of fries off Charlie's plate. Castiel's gaunt appearance made him want to eat more.
"I know, but it's so embarrassing. She brought it up in front of Cas and Jo. So fucking embarrassing."
"So, what'd you guys talk about?" He asked, walking into the kitchen and grabbing a beer from the fridge.
"Anna didn't destroy her grace, Castiel. She simply… well, not simply, but she removed it. It was still out there. Yours is… gone and it cannot be restored, thus, neither can you." He said.
"I cared, but not like you'd think. I was shut down. I didn't have it in me to let anyone into my life, not after everything that happened. Then I met you. The night… the night I destroyed everything in my apartment… I think that it was kind of a reaction to that, I guess. Now I just worry and toss and turn a lot."
Onscreen, Dr. Sexy performed a brain transplant. Dean wished it were that simple.
Sam wanted to move out more than anything. He wanted to go away to college. He wanted a girlfriend. He wanted to be able to drive the Impala again. Sam would never be able to do any of those things. Even when he was lucid, the side effects of the drugs he took daily made him physically and emotionally unpredictable.
"I'm the one who should be apologizing. I brought him here." Dean interjected.
Dinner that night was a success, mostly because Dean had convinced his mother not to let Castiel near the lasagna.
"I'd like that too." Cas said simply.
Castiel just nodded gloomily.
Dean turned around. "Yeah, Cas?"
"Christ. I'm never drinking again." He groaned to himself. His eyes were still closed. He was afraid if he opened them that the light would make him puke again. He never remembered to shut his blinds after a night of hard drinking.
"You're telling me." Castiel said, grinning at them. "I mean, seriously, it makes me wonder about your intelligence or at least your gaydar."
"How many places did you live when you were a kid?" Dean asked, trying his best to ignore the comment about "bad things."
He stood up, the world around him spinning even faster. The bartender stared at him and Dean thought he heard the guy ask
"Why's that?" Dean asked, a little worried about his answer.
That shut Jo right up and they left the apartment to load into the Impala and head to Gabe's house for his New Year's Eve party. On the way, they stopped at the liquor store and picked up a few bottles of wine, a bottle of Honey Brown, and other party favors. They arrived at Gabe's around 7:30, earlier than usual, but it was New Year's Eve and Jo had made noise about getting there early in case Anna happened to be in town. Dean was beginning to suspect that Jo's fascination with Anna extended beyond hooking up during holiday parties, but he didn't say anything because he wasn't as immature as she was. At least he usually wasn't.
"Cas, Cas, wait." He stared down at Castiel, whose mouth was currently on his stomach and was moving southward quickly.
"Then we wait." Dean murmured. "Oh, and Cas? No more making me sleep alone. I don't like it."
Jo's eyes widened. Outside of his immediate family, Jo and her family were the only people close to him who knew about Sammy. He had told Charlie a glossed over version of the story, but otherwise, Sam was his secret.
He's the perfect soldier again.
"Shut the fuck up!" Dean screamed. "No more. Get out of here!"
"Oh my God, well, not my God, but still, that is rich! Castiel: HUMAN! Dean Winchester: GAY! I've sure missed a lot in the last few months." He bellowed. "I knew I missed this plane!"
"Let's move on." Dean hissed.
It was odd to admit, but he didn't feel any residual discomfort from everything that had happened between him and Cas the night before. He wasn't just talking about sharing a bed or holding he each other. He was thinking about how the two of them had utterly broken down in front of each other, fallen to pieces, and then picked each other back up. Hadn't it always been like that with them, though? At least it had been like that for Dean. Cas had always been there for him, in the most literal sense. He had given up everything for Dean. Now he was alone. Like seriously, all alone. His brothers, his sisters, hell, even GOD had abandoned Cas. And Dean was alone too. Except… he wasn't alone. He was mourning and he had lost Sammy and Bobby, but somehow, he still had Castiel, who was the last "person" that Dean expected to have by his side in the end.
"Don't let the spins affect your singing, Charlie." He called as she teetered off to the front of the room, where they'd set up a makeshift stage.
"Gabe is having another party."
"Cas… do you think whatever brought you back might be able to bring Sam back too?" Dean asked.
"I concur. You're… slightly ripe." Cas said.
"Cas." He murmured, "Cas, buddy, come back to me. Remember? We're getting out of here tomorrow. We're moving on, and you can get a job at McDonalds if you want. Remember all those cheeseburgers? We can get one. We can do whatever you want. Come on back to me. Don't worry about it right now."
Dean watched as Castiel's eyes began to dart back and forth. He could tell that Castiel was reverting, just like Dean himself had when he'd opened the bottle of whiskey three hours earlier. At the sight of the skittering eyes, Dean sighed and set his glass down on the table. "I'm done. I'll put that Digiorno pizza in the oven."
"I ate it because I love you. But I don't love you enough to ever let you cook for me again." Dean said, smiling at him. He reached across the table and gave his hand a squeeze.
"I'm going to take a nap." Sam said, yawning.
"Yeah man, Bondurant, Iowa. I don't know. It seemed like a good place to plant roots for a few days. Mostly I just wanted to get the hell out of Kansas. Nothing good ever happens there. I don't know why we stayed for so long." Dean said.
"What's going on in that busy head of yours?" He murmured. He reached and stroked his fingers across a stubbly cheek.
"You said it though. He's the reason you're here."
"He also… this leads me to believe he may be fucking with me… said that women got the right to vote in 1950. Like. Seriously. 19-fucking-50." Castiel choked, more giggles escaping his lips.
Jo grabbed the remote and this time she turned off the television.
"Social fucking theory isn't keeping me in this school for another semester." Dean said, staring at his feet. "So, that's why you need to help me, at least once a week. Until I get my D."
Castiel's eyes widen.
"Oh. I'll just have a large black coffee."
"Leave it to Sammy to make the best of this situation. God love you, little brother." Dean said.
"He wants to take me to Hell, Dean. He wants to torture me for all eternity. He wants to feed me to demons that would do worse things to me than you can even imagine. Why would you risk that?" Cas asked again, his voice rising.
Castiel shuddered when he said that, but kept his composure.
Dean groaned and pulled the rental car into the driveway. They unloaded the bags from the trunk, Castiel struggling with his trunk, having packed far too much for his second trip out of state in two years. Dean chuckled. Castiel had refused to let him carry his luggage at the airport and he wasn't about to start now.
"Maybe I could get a job." Cas said thoughtfully. "I've always wondered what it'd be like to work a human job."
"What?" He said, hot breath on Dean's skin.
Dean remembered him, probably better than Mary did. When Sam had lost his marbles the first time, they had to get a court order to get him hospitalized (and thus stabilized) and Henriksen had acted on their behalf. He was tough, no-nonsense and had helped with Sam's case for basically nothing because Mary hadn't been around much then and Dean had no money. Dean liked and respected Henriksen and was glad he'd be helping his mother.
"Well, like you said, they know." Dean said, grinning a little bit. "Cas, you told me, and now I'm telling you. You just gotta relax. You're here and everyone loves you. Despite that, I have to say, I'm super proud of how well you are handling everything that's been thrown at you in the last two days."
"No, no it's not. You don't understand. That law may have saved my life. Not that I have any clue about why she'd do it in the first place. If my grandmother was still alive… I would know by now, but unfortunately, she's not, so I don't know. I'll probably never know."
"How do you sleep? How do you remain unconscious for several hours at a time by sheer force of will?" Cas asked.
"So you get to make a deal? You are allowed to jump straight back into Hell, but not me? How do you think that made me feel, seeing how eager you were to get back on the rack, yet knowing it was me he wanted?!" Cas yelled.
"Cas? What… what is going on?" He asked. "Where am I? Why are you here? I saw you die… I saw Bobby die… Sam is gone… Cas… how are… What the fuck is going on?"
"I'm not going to cry." Castiel said, glaring at him a little bit, while also blinking profusely.
"I don't blame you. If I were you, I would have run too. Your life is so much better now. Sometimes I envy you so much it makes me want to puke."
"Cas, buddy, are you okay?" Dean asked slowly.
"Dean, tomorrow or at least before you leave on Wednesday, I'd like you to take me down to the police station." She said, her voice thick. She glanced at Castiel, her face etched with shame.
Castiel sighed and curled up against him in the dark. Dean brushed his lips against the crown of his forehead. "Before you start tossing and turning again, let me just tell you, I'm crazy about you." He murmured into his ear. "I am so fucking glad I found you."
He flipped to the next picture. This one was faded and curling around the edges, showing its obvious age and the fact that it had been handled many times over the years. It showed a teenage girl wearing a pink sundress, with a mane of brown Farrah Fawcett hair and eyes so blue they looked alien. She was smiling stiffly, standing in front of a rosebush.
Victor nodded. "I'm glad."
"It's an expression, you dummy. I dig you, Cas. I love you." He said.
Castiel just nodded and didn't answer. They arrived at the door and went inside. Dean was dying to know what the two of them discussed.
"God, I fucking hate him." Dean hissed. "He doesn't even know you, Sammy."
"Researching. Reading. Praying. Last night I walked around town for awhile. I recently started reading 'Julius Caesar' since he always fascinated me." Cas admitted.
"I've thought about trying that, but it's expensive, and honestly, I don't care if I find her anymore. She obviously didn't want me. She obviously doesn't want to know me, either, because by now, it would have been easy for her to track me down." He said.
"Yes!" Dean cried.
He was practically naked in a room full of people. It was one of his worst nightmares come true. He grabbed the bourbon and took another burning drink, and pulled Castiel to the front of the room so they could watch Charlie's band.
Gabe led them to his enormous dining room and they sat down around the table, and Gabe and Charlie's other band mates were there too, as well as Meg, the girl had flirted so incessantly with Castiel during Halloween. Castiel noticed her immediately, and his face tightened up into a mask at the sight of her, especially when she leered at him with the same look she'd given him at Halloween. She opened her mouth to say something, but shut it when Dean glared at her in a way that said
Castiel's eyes widened and he let out a barking laugh. "Dali? No Dean, I could never hope to be that good."
Castiel throws the rest of his papers on the ground and with inhuman strength, pulls him on top of him, giving into a deep kiss and Dean thinks that it's fully reminiscent of that first night now. He kisses him back, ridiculously excited now.
"Sam and your mom are family though." Castiel said pointedly.
"I am not in love with him. He's… my friend."
Dean shook himself off. Although he was ambiguous in his tastes, thanks to years of involvement in the Portland LGBT community and some experimentation in his younger days, he'd never admit to Charlie or Jo that he was thinking about a
"What the hell are you talking about?" Dean said. "You want me? Take me. Just let them out!"
"Thanks." Sam muttered. "I know you hate doing that. I just… I don't know, having you do it is better than having mom do it. Somehow it's less degrading."
"He's in the hospital. He'll be okay."
Dean stood up and went over to Cas. He reached for him, but Cas tore away from him and stormed out of the room. Dean thought about chasing after him, but he'd come to realize that sometimes Cas just needed time alone.
"That's not what I mean." Castiel said impatiently. "I mean, what does he like to do? What's his personality like? What was he like before he got sick?"
They arrived at the police station and Mary got out slowly, as if she still was considering the decision. Dean reached over and took her hand. He was glad Sam hadn't come. He didn't need to see this. He wondered what the hell he and Castiel were doing alone at the house together. She squeezed his hand and they met Henriksen out front.
"I'm not sure that's encouraging, comparing them to Jo." Sam said, glancing at Dean.
He didn't know. So instead of responding, he decided to let his actions speak for themselves, to show Cas that yes, there was passion, there was possibly love, and that he was grateful for him for saving him in every possible after Sam and Bobby had died.
He couldn't remember the last time he had smiled.
Charlie smirked at Dean, "Don't worry, Castiel. Dean nicknames everyone within minutes of meeting them. He calls me Char, even though I hate it. My name's Charlie." She stood up and shook his hand heartily. Charlie was always jovial and social, enough so that she could make someone as awkward as Castiel feel comfortable.
Castiel just shook his head. He was quiet for the rest of the meal. Dean couldn't find time to ask why.
Dean awoke to his phone ringing. He looked down at the caller ID. It was Castiel. Dean sighed. He wasn't sure he wanted to see Castiel, his family, or really anyone besides Jo. Despite dropping the L-bomb the night before and his silent vow to "let his walls down" the night before, he didn't want to share this with anyone.
"Come into the kitchen, ladies and Castiel. I made hors d'oeuvres and there is some delicious wine that is far too expensive to share with the teeming masses that will be arriving in the next couple of hours." Gabe said.
"I'm your…." He croons. "I'm your…"
"And?"
Dean bites his lip. This guy doesn't look like much, but he's certainly intimidating for someone so small. He doesn't blame him for being gruff. Dean was sprinting as fast as he could and didn't even see the guy. He must have literally knocked the wind out of him. He looks down at the ground, where the guy's coffee mug has tipped over and a notebook is splattered with the beverage.
Cas shot him a warning glance. Apparently Cas was scared of this Balthazar guy. Or he was just scared of all angels now.
Crowley wasn't done yet. "Anyway, as Adam 'did his thing' so to speak, Lucy cut off Sam's eyelids with a scalpel, so he'd have to watch his brother, the brother he dragged down with him, do this to a whimpering child. Michael found this hilarious, but not painful enough, so he slowly began to cut out Sam's heart…" Crowley said.
"I always wished you wouldn't ask." Cas said. "Dean, it is not a pleasant thing for you to hear or for me to tell."
She nodded slowly. "This time, I think I am. I'm going to call the Singers tomorrow. They've always been there for you and Sam, maybe they can help me through this as well."
"I'm from Boston." He said, shuddering a little bit.
"It's just… well, it's just this. No one has ever stayed the night and made me breakfast before." Castiel whispered, his lip quivering, tears threatening to spill over.
"You're not an ass." He said simply.
"Dean, are you happy?" Sam asked, locking his gaze on him.
"Cas, last night you made a huge deal about not cross dressing and now you're going to wear…
"He's family, just like we are." Sam said.
Dean had not sprinkled more than three drops of his blood, when the demon appeared in front of him. The King of Hell was wearing a sparkling black tux that was matched with a scrubbed white shirt and gold cuff links with a C embossed on them. He looked like he was going to a ball. When he manifested, he actually gave Dean a small bow, before giving him his telltale smirk.
"Take that back! I am not a hag."
Did he love Cas?
"Oh gross, get a room!" Jo yelled. "Your mom is right behind me."
"My brother is schizophrenic." He said finally.
Hearing him say those words that made Dean realize that they had to stop. After all, Castiel had never even had a nickname and fucking someone as needy as him this quickly was fucked up and wrong. No matter how much he wanted it, that something Dean couldn't do.
Castiel cleared his throat, "My name is, uh, Castiel."
In the dark, Dean could tell Castiel's mind was racing. Castiel kept shifting next to him, sighing, muttering to himself, and turning the pillow over. It was driving Dean crazy, but he couldn't exactly sleep himself, so he couldn't be irritated at Castiel for being restless. Around 2am, he spoke up.
"Don't worry, we won't remember yours either." Balthazar said merrily. "A few of us have already imbibed quite a bit. Meg here is already rolling, so be forewarned!"
Dean grabbed the phone from him.
"I'm really sorry." He said again. Dean heard the bed creak and Castiel slunk out of the bedroom. Dean heard the bathroom door slam.
"Cas, no offense honey, but I was there. Remember we just gave up and got pizza?" Jo said, taking a sip of her wine.
Jo bent over and ripped the blankets off him. Dean made a huge show of shivering, even though it wasn't that cold in his room. She bent over so she was looking directly at him.
"What?"
with Castiel had only just begun.
"It's actually pretty hot." Jo said, licking her lips.
Not wanting to do anything else, he leaned in and captured his mouth in his and kissed him deeply, passionately, allowing some of his pain to fall away. Suddenly Castiel seemed a lot sturdier than he had the night before.
"What now?" Cas asked.
"Dean, Christ. What is it about this guy? For one thing, Charlie says you actually show up for class now and I assume that's his doing. Secondly, I thought you were over your bisexual phase and had returned completely to women! Since when are you into men again?" Jo said.
"Of course I can, Dean-o. It won't be easy, but after all, I am the King of Hell! I have been waiting for you to ask me. I was just going to tell you no, simply for the look on your face, but then I saw that you'd brought me a present. An exchange! Oh, how exciting. I haven't made a deal in so long." He said.
Dean didn't know what to say. He couldn't find the words. There was no possible way he could understand what Cas was going through, what it was like to go from what he was to what he is now. There were no words, because it was unprecedented.
Cas shook his head. "I don't know, Dean. I don't know what brought me back. I prayed. I summoned until I couldn't anymore. I read all of Bobby's books. As far as I could tell, the only beings that could bring an Angel back and do… this… to them is God or another angel. And neither angels nor God is answering me."
Castiel chuckled and helped him up. "You say you wish you were dead, and some way you've gotten your wish, because you smell like a rotting corpse." He cracked.
For the first time in months, Dean slept alone and it was horrible. The nightmares were back, and they were there in HD, full-color, almost 3-D. He woke up every hour screaming his head off and Cas wasn't there to convince him that none of it was real. Around 4am, he gave up. He stumbled downstairs to the kitchen and pulled a bottle of whiskey from the liquor cabinet. He sat down at the kitchen table, where he and Cas always ate dinner and had recently engaged in a bout of spontaneous lovemaking, and poured himself a stiff drink.
The house's owner, a jovial man named Gabe who worked as some kind of accountant at the college and played guitar in Charlie's band, greeted them at the door. Dean was disappointed to see that he was also dressed as Frank-N-Furter, but at least it was the version of Frank-N-Furter in the blue smock and heels. Dean realized he wasn't ready to see dozens of men in drag tonight, even though he kind of did like Castiel's costume.
Dean shook his head too. He hadn't spoken to his father in 8 months.
Castiel's eye twitched again and then he blinked several times, as if he were trying to stop it. Dean knew he was wound up because of the day's events and possibly still reeling from the two days spent with the Singers. Dean knew he was being selfish, objecting Cas to all of this. He'd expected too much from him, expected him to adjust to his family, his life here in Lawrence, when really, it was too much for him.
"Who's in charge in Heaven?" Cas asked eagerly. "Please Balthazar, tell me it's not…"
He turned to Cas. "Well, it looks like we'll be giving our old pal Crowley a call." He muttered.
"I hate him." Dean said unconvincingly.
the dude smelled? It was like a mixture of fresh laundry and raspberries, which had been the flavor of wine he had been drinking.
Dean trailed his fingers over Cas's cheek. "I love you so much." He murmured into Cas's ear.
When they were out of earshot, Dean stopped to yell at Jo because of the lesbian power duo's awkward comments about him and Castiel.
"Um. Yes." Castiel said, fiddling with his collar. "I guess you could put it that way."
"Memories wiped. Made like new. After all, this is the deal of the century." Crowley repeated. "All it'd take is a little kiss on the lips."
He woke up screaming, sweat pouring from his pores. When he opened his eyes, he could still see Hell and for a second he was convinced that his skin was glistening with blood and not perspiration. Then he felt Cas shaking him, bringing him back to earth.
"Good." Dean said.
"Mmmm." Castiel moaned, stretching more, jutting his hips upward, trying to shake out the kinks from his body.
"Wait, Gabriel? The trickster? I thought he was dead. What the hell is going on?" He asked again.
Cheesy epilogue. Sorry for writing this.
"So what's your excuse this time, Dean-o? You didn't even bother showing up late." Charlie said.
"That is probably smart, considering your projectile vomiting last night." Cas said, "but I would like to purchase some alcohol. I am interested in how my constitution has changed since I… well, since I came back."
By now, people were starting to stare at them.
"A beer isn't going to kill you." Dean said. "Neither will going out at 8pm on a school night."
"No, no, no." He whispered. Then a little louder. "No, no, no. This can't be. This absolutely cannot be."
"You are so weak. You are such a hypocrite. You are a pathetic excuse for a man." Cas hissed.
"Want to go lay down for a bit?" Dean asked.
Cas left that afternoon in one of the cars Dean had been working on since they'd moved into Bobby's house. He'd fixed it up so Cas could drive it to and from work and they wouldn't always have to share the Impala. Dean was suddenly regretting that. Cas having a driver's license was nearly as bad as him being able to teleport.
"How about not." Dean interjected.
"That's great, Cas." Dean said. "So, what's the deal? What's a dude from Boston doing in bumfuck Oregon?"
Dean couldn't help it. He felt a huge smile stretch across his face and his heart suddenly grew 50 sizes.
He thought, staring at the ceiling, Hell still clear as day in front of his eyes.
Dean sighed and shut the closet door. He sat on the bed and blinked back tears.
By the 1200th Dean, killing Dean has become so automatic that Naomi decides that Castiel is finally ready.
"Come in, come in! You all look fabulous!" Gabe said.
"Midterms are good. They're over, thank God."
"Which is?" Dean asked. He really had no idea what Castiel's clear plans were beyond teaching. Dean almost only knew him as a teacher.
It's No Scrubs. Jo's ringtone. She's currently 175 miles away, living in Portland with Anna, but she still manages to cock block him at every opportunity. Dean groans and lifts himself off Cas, pulling the phone from his pocket.
"I'm drained." He cried, his voice breaking. "Dean, I've fallen, don't you see? I am nothing. Everything I could do… I can't do it anymore. I am nothing."
"Enough time to kiss and say goodbye, boys? I have things to do, you know. King of Hell! Big important list of things to do!" He hollered.
Dean just nodded. Castiel had a point. He had no idea why his mother had given him up. She could have been on drugs, Castiel could have been the product of rape, or she might have just been a bad mother. Whatever the reason was, it was probably a pretty big one. Dean didn't press the issue.
"Dean, do you feel better? Is the alcohol making you feel better? You came here to forget Sam, yet he's all you've talked about since we've arrived at this… lovely… establishment." Castiel said.
"Fucker, move! Git outta the way." He yelled, his words completely slurred and then he fell down, straight to his knees. The pain in his knee was sharp and the indignity of falling, trashed beyond belief outside a dive bar in a hick town was enough to bring tears to his eyes.
"Nick, your doing?" Dean asked pointedly. Over the summer, Nick had convinced Jo and Charlie that it was a good idea to trip on mushrooms at a music festival in Portland. Dean had spent the entire day babysitting and actually missed Bon Jovi's performance. He was still bitter.
"Sure." Dean said.
It had j ust now occurred to him that his brother was in Hell. He thought back to his own Hell, and he imagined the flames licking his younger brother's face, the angry souls of Lucifer and Michael peeling off layers of skin to pay him back for trapping them both in the cage.
Castiel stood there, staring at his feet, looking completely ashamed.
Dean's eyes widened. Okay, maybe he'd been more than half-expecting Cas to dump him or propose they engage in a long distance relationship.
"Sammy?" He mutters, sitting up. "Why are you calling Cas? Is everything okay?"
"M y point is, that people love you. I love you. There are so many reasons why. If you'd let more people see it, you'd have all the family you ever needed. You don't need blood relatives to be loved, Cas. You just need to be you." Dean said.
Jo's eyes lit up for just a second and nodded. "Good, good."
Dean turned to Cas, who wore another ridiculously large smile. It occurred to Dean that it had probably been a long time since anyone had complimented Castiel's art skills. Otherwise he wouldn't be gushing so much.
"Oh man, why are you crying?" Dean asked.
Dean leaned over and kissed him deeply on the lips. "First, I wanted to do that." He murmured. "In case you're mad."
"You will find a way." Cas said in a steely way. "Even if it kills a few of you, you will find a way. You will do it because it is the right thing to do and because… you owe me, brother, and you owe the Winchesters."
"We need to slow this down. Believe me, I don't want to, god, that is the last fucking thing I want right now, but it's right." He murmured into Castiel's mouth.
Some guys are just too cool. That's what Dean told himself about his limited circle of friends, anyway.
"I suppose."
Charlie swooped in, full of social grace as usual, and introduced everyone. "Cas, this lovely lady with the red hair is Anna, Gabe's sister. This looker, the one dressed oh-so appropriately as Satan, is Nick. He's our drummer. This is Balthazar, he's British so you'll remember him. The lady in black is Meg. The deadly serious looking one without the costume is Raphael, our bassist."
"I'm okay. It's just unfortunate that she chose to do this on a holiday with you back in town." Castiel said. "What about you?"
"He won't." Dean muttered.
"The last time I consumed alcohol, I did not need a corkscrew, nor was it an issue for me to pull the cork out myself." Cas said unhappily. "Do you have this tool for opening this bottle?"
"What about this thing that got out? Won't it ever stop, Cas, is it ever going to stop?" He asked brokenly. "We stop the apocalypse and something worse gets out? What the hell was it? And what brought you back? What took Bobby's body? Why can't I just stop fucking fighting for ONE DAY and mourn my brother?" He cried.
Over the next 20 minutes, Cas regaled Dean with the delightful tale of his trip into Hell and what it took to get him out. He spared no details, not prettying it up for Dean at all. Dean wasn't sure if he appreciated that or not. The way Cas told the story, it had taken him 5 years to find Dean, which meant around two weeks in earth time. Cas went through several layers of Hell to find Dean, where he witnessed awful torture and felt Demons nipping at his grace the entire time. The torture Cas described made Dean feel sick, mostly because they reminded of him of the tortures he had inflicted upon others. Around the 12 minute mark, Dean was near tears and was about to tell Cas to stop.
"Thanksgiving break starts… well… I guess it started for me today since I haven't gone to class the last two days." Dean said.
"Are you majoring in sociology? Grad program?" He asked, leaning forward a little bit, excited by the prospect of Dean actually being an academic.
Sam's face was red and he followed Dean up the stairs, Castiel and Jo watching them, their mouths slightly agape. Dean glanced at his mom and gave her a smile. She smiled back, her face tight, and sat down.
Dean snorted. "Go figure. You know, Sammy loves these damn movies as much as you do. We used to watch them religiously around this time of year. Personally, I prefer the Jason movies."
They were standing in the foyer, bags packed up in the rental car, about to drive to the airport. Sam looked dejected at the prospect of their departure and Mary was crying, although it wasn't the gut wrenching sobs from a few days ago. She was genuinely sad to see him leaving. Dean felt the same way.
"You've changed." Sam said roughly.
"Who is the new king? Is it someone like Lucifer?" Cas asked, looking fearful.
and watched the people in the bar. He was amazed at how blissfully unaware of what had gone on in this town just the week before. He, Sam, Bobby and Cas had saved the world, thrown the devil back into his box, and no one knew.
"It's okay. Come here. I'm just going to give you a little hug, okay? Nothing serious or bad. Just to show we're cool."
"Since I've met you, since I've started socializing with your friends, I've become more open. I haven't always been a hermit. I did go out in college, even though I didn't like it a lot of the time. Now though, it's easier. You tend to make me feel more comfortable in my own skin, Dean. " He said shrugging.
"School is the only element of my life that has ever been constant for me. It's the only escape I've ever had from, well, the shitty hand I was dealt." Castiel said, laughing some more.
"Blood doesn't mean family. I know that… I should know that better than anyone. I always knew that. That's why I haven't looked for my mother since grad school, since things got bad because of my dissertation and my search for her. She's not my family and a man like your father doesn't have to be yours." Castiel said, staring at his shoes.
"I still do like girls, Cas. Not those two though. Not like that. They're like my obnoxious younger sisters. For that reason, I don't find them hot. I only noticed the underwear because seeing it creeped me out a little bit." He said, feigning a shudder.
"Shut. Up." Dean hissed.
Instead of checking into another hotel, Cas and Dean found a park on the outskirts of town, complete with a playground, picnic tables, and trails. After spending so much time inside the last week, Dean just felt like he needed to be outside. He and Sammy used to park the Impala in places like this and shoot the shit, drink a few beers, and relax after a hunt. He always felt better outdoors, as if it were his true element. Dean thought of Sam and shuddered.
Dean interrupted. "I was 18 and my parents were gone, you know? Gone all of the fucking time, trying to save their fucked up, doomed marriage. I had to stay home and take care of
"What about you two?" Sam asks. "How'd the semester end up? Cas, how's the new gig? "
"She said I was sweet?" He whispered.
Dean wiped his eyes with a cocktail napkin and ordered another double bourbon. He drank this one a little more slowly, but he was already three sheets to the wind from drinking at the hotel, that it didn't take much to finish him off. Dean used to think he couldn't get drunk, but the last few days had proven him wrong.
Dean set the dishes down and turned to Castiel. "What about all that stuff you said about blood yesterday?"
"Of course, Dean. I could never find my way without you!" Jo said, her voice dripping sugar and spice.
Castiel rummaged through his worn messenger bag and produced a business card. He scrawled a number on it and handed it over to Dean.
"That's actually fairly typical." Castiel said, nodding at Charlie.
"Did it help?" Castiel asked.
Dean pulled out everything from his bag and set it in front of Castiel. Castiel's eye actually twitched when he saw the mess of papers and the textbook that still smelled new, indicating it hadn't been cracked too many times.
"Cas, can you give us a minute?" Dean said.
"Are you still coming home in December?" She asked, completely changing the subject.
"Despite that, as I've told you dozens of times, you have one of the purest, brightest souls I have ever witnessed, and I know that your martyr complex comes from a deep place of love and compassion." He said softly.
"Good. It'll be fun." Castiel said. "Hey, Dean. There is something I wanted to discuss, before everything gets crazy again with school and Jo and Charlie."
He sat down next to his mother, whose jaw was clenched. Dean could tell she was trying not to cry and he was reminded of how Castiel had looked moments ago. Dean knew he couldn't hurt these people anymore. He wouldn't be like his father. He
"Hello." Castiel murmured. "I like your costume."
He looked beyond Castiel and out the window. it was uncharacteristically sunny outside. He was used to spending his holidays in Oregon. It didn't really snow that much in the Pacific Northwest, not like it had during his childhood in Kansas. He had actually been looking forward to a white Christmas, as clichéd as it sounds. Instead, it was sunny and bright, the temperature not dropping below 35 once since he'd been home.
friend." He said, giving him a look of warning that Sam was able to read, even over a webcam.
"What happened to him?"
"Your family is not perfect and everyone here is flawed, but the way you have taken me in during this time of year, and the way you've accepted me and Dean, the way you've been so open with me… well, it really has been amazing. I've seen the best of your family and the worst. When I say the worst, I must note that none of it came from you."
Mary recoiled as if Dean were the one hitting her. Sam's face darkened and he lowered his head into his palms. Castiel, who was sitting next to him, visibly tightened up and drew his mouth into a taut line. His mother's eyes filled with tears and she stood up and bolted out of the room. They heard the front door slam.
"Thank God." Dean breathed. "Cas, tier 2 is where they put the real crazy people. Like, psychotics live there. If Sammy's in tier 1, that means he'll be out by tomorrow or the next day. Thank god."
When Sam had first started displaying symptoms, hearing the voice of Ruby, his 'demon temptress', convinced he could kill demons with his mind, convinced that everyone around him was possessed, Mary Winchester hadn't been able to handle it. She had run away to Ohio to live with her sister. She told her sister that Sam and Dean's father had been hitting her and she was finally getting away from him. While she was gone, Sam was diagnosed and Dean deferred college and got a job at a factory to support him and to pay for his medications. When she came back five months later, she and Dean had settled into a routine caring for Sam. Three years later, convinced Sam was well enough for Mary and his doctors to handle, Dean had left too.
"Cas, what the hell?" He hissed. "You are not making a deal with Crowley. You realize what they'd do to you down there? It'd make my stop, Sam's stop, look like Disneyland. You're a freaking ex-angel, Cas! The demons would tear you to pieces!"
"Help me up, would you? I've still got the spins." He said
"Have you talked to your mom or his doctors? Do you have any idea how he's doing?" Jo asked, her voice rising.
"Mom." He said softly. "Are you okay?"
"I don't mind." Dean said. He didn't. He never really had. The injections were what kept Sam from spinning into space. Although he didn't say it out loud, he was glad that Mary Winchester was so adamant about the timing of the injections. One of the reasons Sam had relapsed so much since she came back was because she wasn't obstinate about his medication schedule. She had let Sam skip doses, or she would wait for Dean to come home from work because she couldn't stand injecting him with a needle either. A lot had changed in two years.
"No! Don't you see, Castiel? The Winchesters are the reason you fell so far. They are the reason Heaven has been destroyed. None of this is your fault. You spent so much time in the presence of humans and demons that you forgot about your mission. Protect Heaven. Protect the angel tablet." Her voice is like a lute, melodious and convincing. Castiel can feel himself getting pulled under.
That night, after pretending he was going to sleep on the couch, Dean creeped into the spare bedroom. Castiel was sitting in bed with the light on, reading a book.
"Sure, Cas. What is it?" Dean said, giving him a lazy smile.
When Dean finished, he leaned over Castiel and whispered in his ear."That was the first of many Christmas presents."
"Looking sharp." Dean said darkly.
"Charlie isn't in love with me. She just likes outsiders." Castiel said, as if it were the simplest thing in the world.
"Cas, reason with me, what can you do? Why are you here? What can you do? What are you?" He said.
"Mom and I were talking about how we'd both like a normal, healthy relationship like the one you two have." Sam said. "Seriously, you two are disgusting, like an old married couple who still hold hands all of the time."
Castiel's eye quit twitching when he said that. With that, even though Dean was trashed, he could tell that Castiel was going from hurt to angry. Dean was suddenly worried he'd hulk out.
"Don't discount yourself so much, Dean. You're the best. I really, really… care for you. More than I ever thought was possible when I was… different than this." Cas said.
Sam sighed again. He looked slightly nauseated. "Mom's back. He... well, he hurt her pretty bad." He said.
"Where?"
"I care about you, Sam. I care about him. That's all. I just worry, is all."
Castiel imagined holding Dean like he was currently holding Anna. He imagined looking into his eyes and knowing absolutely everything he was thinking and feeling. This image gave Castiel momentary, but absolute joy. His heart swelled at the thought of having that connection with Dean. He ached for it.
"Call the Singers if it gets too hard." He whispered back. "Mom, I'm so proud of you."
"I'm a dick." He said again into the dark, talking to no one in particular.
"It totally is. In fact, it's more ridiculous." Dean said.
"She needs to just finish it." He muttered.
to hijack his car. Dean pulled his cell phone out of his pocket and dialed Castiel's number.
"Sammy!" Dean cried.
Castiel was also a fantastic teacher, something that was reflected in Dean's current "C" grade in his political science class. Castiel wasn't the mouse that Dean had met last month.
"Yes, she said to give you a hug because you were such a 'sweet boy.' I agree with her too. You're sweet and I'm a huge ass. Okay?" Dean murmured.
"I am not tall enough to play basketball. It appears all of those men are at least your brother's height." Cas muttered, standing in front of him.
"If you write ad copy, you're going to need to know AP Style and how to write proper headlines." Castiel said blankly, as if this was common knowledge, watching as Eliot Stabler punched a suspect.
"That's a good point. I'm glad Sammy doesn't have to run anymore." He said.
"French maid costume? Oh Dean, that's disgusting! What, have you watched every cliché porno ever made?" Castiel said, actually grimacing.
By around the 500th Dean, Castiel has accepted his fate.
Castiel fumbles for his keys and turns to Dean. "Would you like to come up and see my place?" He asks, almost shyly. "I rarely have people over, so it'd be nice to actually show people I don't sit around in the dark listening to screamo while painting portraits of dead people."
"What do you intend to do, Winchester?" He murmured into Dean's mouth. "Nothing too bad I hope."
"I'm just hoping she doesn't leave. If she leaves now, I'm still two days away in a car."
Dean grabbed Cas by the arm and took him to the edge of the barn. He knew Crowley would still be able to hear them, but he wanted some form of privacy with him before Cas did something astronomically stupid.
"I missed you too." He whispered, holding her close.
"Anyway, he's an idjit, you know that. Dean-o, good to see you, boy!" Bobby said. He came over and gave Dean what could be described as a "bear hug."
"Sammy! Sam. Can't. Breathe." He choked.
They sat there for awhile, watching two Midwestern NCAA teams playing. Cas drank slowly and watched the game intently, as if he was trying to figure out exactly what was going on between the basketball teams. Dean wasn't too interested in it. Basketball was his least favorite sport. He preferred football and hockey, which in his opinion were real sports because of how violent they were. Dean loved violence.
He reasoned.
Castiel shrugs. "What can I say? I like noisy music and violent movies."
It does not take 10 copies or 100 copies. It takes more than that.
The solution comes to her when she is disposing of Samandriel's vessel. Castiel is seated in front of her desk—or what looks like a desk, anyway, looking stoic, unaware that she is defiling what remains of the little angel. Her control is great because Castiel barely realizes where he is. Yet, once again she is reminded that her control is not strong enough to overcome Dean Winchester. She decides that Castiel must be the one to destroy Dean Winchester. No other angel would dare bring him back to life—not after what happened with Zachariah and Michael—and if Castiel killed Dean and had no desire to bring him back, then her problem would be solved. It was going to be difficult. She will have to train him to kill the hunter, make it automatic as an angel's ability to fly. She might not be able to wipe Dean from Castiel's mind, but if she can wipe away Castiel's empathy for him through action instead of control, one of the peskiest thorns in her side would be gone for good.
Castiel froze when he said the second part, because he knew that in many ways, Sam
Dean awoke to a mouthful of Castiel, whose lips were smashed against his, warm and urgent. Dean's eyes fluttered open and he returned the kiss, although he wasn't in any mood for it. He pulled away, gently pressing his hand on Castiel's chest to push him away.
Dean feels very awkward. Castiel had offered him a beer and he accepted, which meant he expected him to stick around for awhile. He actually felt out of place in this very clean and very cool apartment. Dean had expected there to be textbooks and papers and paint everywhere, for it to be as disheveled and rushed as Castiel seemed in person. Instead, the apartment showed a more accurate portrayal of Castiel: he was an artistic person with unusual taste in music who liked to chill with a Hitchcock movie and a beer after a long day of teaching. In other words, Castiel was just like Dean in many ways, except Dean can't even draw stick figures.
"Yep. I love it. I love science, whether it's chemistry, physics, or biology. Physics is actually my favorite, but it's almost too abstract for a guy like me. Plus, biology? I can cure diseases and shit." Dean said, puffing out his chest a little bit.
Castiel shrugged helplessly, and waved down a waitress.
They checked out of the hotel around 10am, glad to put Stull, Kansas in the Impala's rearview. Dean would always remember it as the town where he had lost Sam. He felt slightly sick as they left town, feeling like he was leaving Sam and Bobby behind. He put on Black Sabbath, blasted it as loud as he could. There was so much he didn't know. He didn't know where they were going. He didn't know if he'd ever get Sam back. He didn't know where Bobby was. He didn't know what faced them. He was damn glad to be getting out of Kansas though.
Dean clasped his brother's shoulder. "You don't need to explain, Sam. I trust you guys."
"He thought a demon was wearing her face."
That night, Dean had nightmares again. For weeks now, his head had been a quiet place because Cas had been there to keep him anchored. The images of Hell, of flayed skin, screaming souls, and the endless black and green of the Rack were vivid in his mind. He dreamed of Sam's head on a pike and Adam's disemboweled torso. He saw Lucifer and Michael laughing at him, laughing at the entire Winchester clan.
Castiel picks the exact wrong time to emerge from the shower, or perhaps the exact right time, because the emotional moment is ruined as Dean's very naked, dripping wet boyfriend saunters from the shower, with a towel wrapped around his head. It's Dean's turn to laugh as Sam's face turns white and Castiel screams bloody murder and scrambles into the bedroom and slams the door.
"Let's get out of here." He whispered, leaning over and kissing him on the mouth.
Dean smiled a little. "Don't worry so much. Sam is fine, believe me, I never thought I'd say that, but he is. My mom… well, she'll be back in the morning."
"Sammy, you look good." He said carefully.
"Dean tells me you're the one who convinced him to start calling us on a regular basis again?" Mary Winchester said.
Castiel relaxed a little bit at the sight of the smile on Dean's face. Dean immediately felt better, even though he was a little bit drunk.
"Me neither." Dean said, chuckling.
Jo opened her mouth to say something and then stopped. Dean knew he had hit her in a sore spot.
"Social theory." Dean said, wincing at the thought of the class.
What is she doing?
"Ah yes. I'm the belle of the ball! Even in Hell!" Crowley said dramatically. "But enough about me. I'm not sure why I'm here. Dean, Dean, Dean. I'm sure you're aware that our little deadline has already passed."
Castiel nodded, but didn't say anything.
"So Cas, why are you so shy at first?" Charlie said through a mouthful of chicken Fajitas. "I mean, at first it seemed like you were terrified of us. Which there is no reason to be scared of any of us, except for Jo, because Jo is a bitch."
"What are you doing?" Castiel asked.
Cas came up to him, squared off with him and the look in his eyes made Dean shut up immediately. He was two inches shorter than Dean, but suddenly Dean felt like he was two feet tall. He also felt terrified for some reason. Dean didn't think he had ever seen Cas look angrier, not even the night that he had pummeled him in the alley.
"At first, to be blunt, I was not sure I had the right soul. You were… well, you were an animal. The things you were doing had me convinced that you could not be the man God wanted. " Cas said.
"I waited a few years to go to school." Dean said.
"It has been a week, Dean. I certainly don't give up after a week. Going to Bobby's, where there's more books, more supplies, and going into this with a clear head is exactly what I need to find out why this happened to me. I will find out. And then… we are going to find a way to get Sam and Adam out." Cas said.
"Shut up." Cas hissed. "I was amazed by how easily I was able to rest and relax last night with you by my side. There really is something to it. I am very unhappy this morning. I warn you not to ask me why."
"Is Anna gonna be around tonight? Because you know, there is another redhead in town." Charlie said, wagging her eyebrows perversely.
Dean immediately forgave him.
Over winter break, Charlie had gotten the tattoo she'd been talking about forever. Princess Leia in a slave bikini straddling a 20-sided dice. Not only had she gotten the tattoo, but it was huge, colorful and took up most of her right thigh.
"Dean, you forget that I have been alive for a bit longer than you. I understand the mechanics of sex and I've always been curious about it. During my life, I have felt enormous attraction to some beings, particularly humans. I just never had the opportunity, nor did I think it would be safe or appropriate for me to copulate with a human. You forget our enormous power." Cas said.
"Do we go tonight?" Cas asked, looking over at him.
Dean kissed him again, while lightly pushing the front of his shirt up to around his chest. He moved his mouth down to Castiel's abdomen, which was so flat and pale. He kissed each one of his hipbones, which always seemed to jut so prominently and leave purple bruises on his inner thighs. At first he'd been surprised by those bruises because Castiel seemed so frail, almost like he'd blow away if you breathed too hard. It didn't seem like someone like Castiel could leave marks like that. They didn't surprise him anymore. Everything about Castiel did though.
"You don't know what this has been like for him." Dean said. "Yeah, I'm happy that I am not gonna lose Cas, but you haven't been there every day like I have, seeing how much falling from grace, slowly becoming human is killing him."
Jo just nodded and came over to him, sitting next to him on the bed. "Cas told me. What did your mom say?"
"I can't believe she's thinking about giving us presents after that." Dean said, once they were in the safety of the living room.
Dean pulled Cas out of the kitchen into the couch in the living room. He cleaned up the cuts on his feet and Cas didn't fight when he bandaged the wounds. He wasn't sure how much pain he was capable of feeling. Then he held him for a long time and Cas didn't say anything, just cried and held him back, as if he was holding on for dear life. Finally, he calmed down and his breathing returned to normal.
at this class." Dean said, chuckling, reading the business card and then tucking it into his wallet.
Dean chuckled nervously. "Seriously, has anyone ever told you that you stare?"
Jo ignored him too. "One more thing though—Charlie, How did we not realize he was gay right away?" Jo asked her friend with the Princess Leia tattoo.
Castiel had never made a huge deal about him seeing his art before. He had actually gone through Castiel's sketchbooks a few times when he was at the apartment by himself or when Castiel was sleeping.
Dammit Janet.
"Nonsense. That settles it. You are coming home with me." Dean said.
Castiel actually laughed at the jab, which made Dean feel better than he could possibly describe.
"The other angels erased your memory. It was somewhat of an insult to me to have that entire experience wiped from your mind, but at the time I could do nothing but obey. I wanted them to erase everything else, but 40 years of torture can only be muddled, not erased." He said, as if it were the simplest thing in the world.
"You need to quit trying to be so good around me." Castiel added. "Dean, I told you, I won't break."
"I know." He mumbled.
"Yes. Sammy. A
"Hands to yourselves! You're making me sick!" She yelled.
Now Ash was purple. The boys of Lawrence all knew what Rhonda Hurley, Lawrence's legendary cougar (who was actually Dean's age) made them do.
"It's a small price to pay though, Cas. Imagine if we were on deadline with Crowley right now." He said feebly.
Cas sighed and put down the book. He came over to the bed and sat next to Dean. Cas really had a thing about invading his personal space.
"I feel this emptiness. I feel hollow. My… Jimmy's guts, where they were before, ache, like they are being stabbed. It's very unpleasant." Cas said.
"For me, I think it's Bobby's house. I think it's South Dakota for awhile." Dean said.
Dean thought about the night Castiel had destroyed his apartment, shoved Jo, and then broken down at the park by the ocean. He thought about everything Castiel had gone through, the way he casually mentioned being institutionalized. All of this had made Dean so afraid of sending him back to that place. He was so afraid that he was incredibly careful with him, treating him like a porcelain doll.
"Isn't there anything you want besides Cas?" Dean asked.
He was sure he was in Hell and they'd restore his sight. After all, they'd want him to witness all the horrible things they would do to his body, to his soul.
"I do not cry that much." Castiel said sharply.
Dean breathed a sigh of relief, "How long are they keeping him?"
"Everyone leaves me. They use me up and they leave. So, I might as well give them what they need while they're around."
"I'm not a moron, Dean. I know how hard it was. You ran away as soon as you could, 2000 miles away for Christ's sake. I want you and mom to live your own lives." He said.
Dean gasped when he said that. It had never crossed his mind that Cas could be returned to his original self. He had never even considered the possibility that something like that could even be done. Dean knew that being on earth and living as a human was incredibly difficult for Cas, but he thought Cas was adjusting to it and learning to like his human life. The life he had with Dean.
"It's not a bad way to wake up." Dean said, a smile playing on his lips. "Definitely my favorite way to wake up, in fact." He leaned in and placed a little kiss on Castiel's lips.
"Because… Cas, I like you. I really like you a lot and I don't like to rush into this with people I like." Dean whispered, kissing him again, because right now, those lips were the most kissable things on the planet.
"That's the Mary Winchester we all know and love. Running away whenever that fucking asshole comes into the picture." Dean said. He was angry at her but he also knew it was his fault for being so cold. He couldn't help it. His dad pushed all the wrong buttons, brought an angry side of him out that he rarely showed anyone.
"Okay… but this is the first and last time. It's creepy, man. You sound like that dude in that vampire book written by the Mormon nun, or whatever." Dean muttered.
"What about Bobby?" Dean asked.
Castiel seemed to absorb Dean's description of Sam like a sponge and after that it was easier for them to find something befitting of Sam's personality. In the end, Dean ended up purchasing Sam a bundle of the first thee Halloween movies, a leather notebook that was purchased from the same place where Castiel got his sketchbooks, and a cheesy souvenir snow globe that advertised Portland. Back at Castiel's apartment, Dean realized he had forgotten to buy him a card.
"Well, yes." Castiel said, looking uncomfortable. "I take a combination of anti-depressants and anti-anxiety medications and I see a therapist once a month."
Dean just shook his head and shrugged. Cas stood up and stretched, revealing an expanse of pale skin that Dean really wish he hadn't noticed. He threw the empty wine bottle into the trash can that was across the room. The bottle landed square in it. Apparently Cas still had some of his angelic reflexes.
"It should have been. I get it now, Dean. I would have ripped my grace out a thousand times in order to experience that over and over again."`Cas said, sighing happily.
Dean joked.
"Cas." He breathed. "Cas, I love you so fucking much."
"You are so unbelievably lucky."
Finally, around 11:00 pm, Dean got a text message from Cas. All it said was "Drnku at the Irish Bar. Getting a motel. Im okay. Dont come for me. I need time."
"Cas, what the hell? Jo called you? Why didn't she call Charlie? Wait, scratch that. I don't need any of you. I'm fine." Dean sat up and rubbed his eyes, trying to hide the evidence that he had been crying for the last 20 minutes.
"Castiel, this guy? Really?" Balthazar said, shaking his head. "Anyway! You underestimated Gabriel. He knew he could not defeat Lucifer in a real fight. His brother was much stronger, especially on this plane. What you saw was what he does best, a trick! After that, he came to Heaven, came back after 1,000 years to right his wrongs. It took some coaxing, but he rallied those of us who were rooting for you, Castiel, and it there was a large contingent of us, believe me."
"Speak for yourself." Dean deadpanned. "I look awesome. Little Joey Potter looks stupid."
Dean rolled over on his back, but continued to hold Castiel's hand. Dean had known for awhile that he loved Cas, like
Castiel stopped and stared up at him through a thick shade of eyelashes, eyes wide and filled with lust. Right now, he was almost feral and his body was so fucking lean and perfect and the things he wanted to do to that body were so goddamn sinful that Dean felt dirty just thinking about them.
Mary smiled and stood up. She came over to him and wrapped him in a tight hug.
He smiles coyly at him and launches himself into the bed like an overexcited toddler. Castiel yelps in surprise and the papers go flying from his hands, much like they did the first night they ever hooked up and Castiel had thrown the papers he'd been grading on the floor. On his hands and knees, Dean reaches in and nuzzles the side of his face, kissing his jaw and then his cheek.
Castiel blushed. "Yeah, I know it's kind of lame to put your own work on the walls, but no one ever sees them anymore, so…"
"Dean?" Cas asked cautiously, staring at him. He sat down on the bed next to him. He placed his hand on his shoulder and shook him gently.
Without a word, Dean materializes and comes trotting toward him. Castiel's breath hitches in his chest at the sight of him, drinking in his familiar gait, the dusting of freckles across his face, those deep jade eyes and the warm smile that Dean reserves for him,
Castiel softened. "I'm proud of you for coming back here and facing your family. Thanks for inviting me. I've never been invited to meet the family before." He said, probably for the millionth time.
Dean stared down at him. Castiel looked so fucking hot right now, laying there with his red and pouty lips, heavy-lidded eyes, and his body so ready to submit. To put it bluntly, he looked like he was ready to be fucked. There was no other way to describe it. Staring at him, thinking about it from a perspective other than his dick's, actually sent a cold chill down Dean's spine. Something deep inside Dean told him Castiel had been here before and that he thought that his body only existed to bring men like him pleasure.
"Quit being smarter than me." Dean whined.
"Um, it was supposed to be a surprise, but Cas chose the absolute worst time not to answer his phone. I'm outside your apartment and there's some guy looking at me like he thinks I'm a treat. Uh, so can you let me in?"
"What'd you study in college? What was your focus at the graduate level?" Sam asked. Sam was a nerd.
Dean stopped yelling. Suddenly the unbearable pain, the potential of losing Cas hit him like a pile of bricks. He rushed over to his side and pulled him into his arms.
"Let's get this demonic asshole. He'll deal. I will make him fucking deal." Cass hissed. He turned his head to Dean. "Get ready to get your brother back."
Meg's face changed and she smirked a little bit. "So, you guys are like a thing now? Officially?"
"What? Cas, what the hell? Why didn't you say something earlier? What can we do? What do you feel?" Dean cried, alarm in his voice.
"I suppose we could. I would like that." Cas murmured. "I quite enjoyed it, to be honest. I always thought sex was so base, but it's been the only other thing I've been able to think about besides my, erm, new situation, and what could be going on in Heaven now that Michael is gone. Honestly, thinking about sex is a pleasant distraction from all of that."
Yeah, Jo was definitely getting lucky tonight. Dean was glad because Anna was wearing nothing more than a sheer negligee and her red hair seemed more lustrous than it had the last time he saw her. Despite everything, Dean was still into women and Anna had always stirred something inside his pants. He was glad that Jo would take her off his hands, and thus his mind.
"You're a professor?" Jo said pointedly.
The next day Cas and Dean left Bondurant, Iowa, and Dean was happy to be on his way to Bobby's house. He hadn't been happy to wake up in a long time. It was the first morning he had woken up without a hangover, without the urge to put a gun in his mouth.
"But imagine, Dean! You could have Sammy and Adam, fresh from Hell, sitting all dewy-eyed and alive on your doorstep. The Winchesters, together as one big, miserable family again. One soul for the price of two! Normally I wouldn't make such a deal, but God, him? Deal of the century!" Crowley sang.
"Dean." Cas hissed. "Do yourself a favor and SHUT UP now."
"Well, yeah, the University of Washington. I'm really considering their grad program. I was thinking about going up for a day and checking out the campus." Dean said.
"Everyone, this is my, uh, this is Castiel." Dean said.
"Why do you ask?" Dean said.
"Pants. Off. Now." He panted into Dean's ear.
"Sorry, I was running late. But fuck it. I'm already 15 minutes late. Can I at least buy you a cup of coffee to replace the one I spilled? I'm so sorry." He said.
It was in the evening, five or six hours before midnight and they were standing in Jo's bedroom, staring at Charlie's right thigh. Charlie was outrageous and Dean was used to it. He thought he was so used to it, that she would never shock him again. He was wrong.
"Dean?" A sleepy voice murmured.
"She'll do it when she's ready. Dad hasn't come around in weeks. He came to see me in the hospital, you know." Sam said.
Gabriel waved his hand dismissively. "I am not God. Hardly! I'm much more fun than that old kook!" He said. "Besides, God wouldn't bother showing up in this… shack... you two share to help right all of the wrongs in your world? I think not."
Dean squeezed his eyes shut. He was so tired. He hadn't slept at all after his mother had called the night before. Cas had passed out immediately after his minor breakdown in the bathroom and his tossing and turning had kept Dean awake. Normally he found it reassuring, knowing he was there, that his busy mind was working even as he slept, but last night it had kept him from sleeping and around 6:30, he had given up completely.
After the kiss, Castiel had clearly been stunned, but to Dean's surprise, he didn't say much about it. He had stuck around for another 15 minutes. Dean told him more about Sam and the other man eluded more to his own issues with mental illness. Then Jo called and said she was leaving work early. Castiel had left before she had arrived, citing a pile of papers to grade, and had left without a word.
"Hello there." Castiel said, his voice more gravelly than usual. "It's Castiel, actually. So nice to, um, meet you."
"Well it's working." He said. "You may be trying to be a scientist, but sometimes you have a way with words."
Castiel scooted over on the couch and Dean absently reached over and rubbed the top of his thigh, giving it a little squeeze. Castiel giggled a little bit and lifted his face and gave Dean a kiss on the cheek.
Castiel is suddenly horrified by Naomi and he's horrified of what he'll have to do to the copy. He tries to fly away, zap down to earth, confess everything to Dean, but he can't.
"Maybe you should play basketball. That was a nice toss, Cas." Dean said, trying to get back on his good side.
It's early October and the air is just beginning to get nippy. Dean loves fall. It's his favorite season, with the air smelling perpetually of bonfires and dead leaves. He has fond memories of celebrating Sam's birthday, which falls on the same day as Halloween, and for years it was the best, because they'd get to trick or treat and eat birthday cake, all in one glorious day. It's nostalgic for him now in a bittersweet way, since Dean hasn't been home in two years. Dean glances over at Castiel as they walk up the block to his apartment complex and Dean wonders if Castiel ever celebrated Halloween as a child.
Castiel rolled his eyes and looked up at him. "If there were a God, then I doubt I would have been subjected to the things that happened to me as a child. If somehow, this mythical being did exist and these things still happened, then I'd take hell any day of the week." He muttered, furrowing an eyebrow.
"Yes, but he's there. It's him and he was only seeing us, only hearing us. It was evident his reality was fully intact." Castiel said. "I know that I didn't know Sam before, nor do I know him now, but I have been around people like him before."
"He won't know us?" Dean asked, his heart sinking.
And Dean had already decided to
Castiel just laughed. "I'm not mad, you goof, but I will take that." He kissed him back, and for a minute Dean just wanted him to shut up, since they really hadn't been
Dean curled up against him. "You are wonderful." He sighed.
"Oh." Cas muttered.
"I would love nothing more than to do everything imaginable to you. You know what though? We have time. I want to wait a little while with you because I
It worked and a laugh escaped Castiel's mouth. They got dressed and went back out into the living room. Dean was actually able to focus on his biology questions now.
"What was the focus of your dissertation?" Sam asked.
"Jo called me… she has to work, or she would have been here… she knew you were…. Dean, are you alright?"
Dean watched as Cas slowly but surely became more human. His physical strength was slowly dwindling and his need for sleep and food was basically at "normal" human levels. He started perspiring and was forced to start watching his hygiene, which he found irritating. Cas did not like the minutiae of day to day living. He seemed to be dealing with his transition remarkably, until one day he couldn't open a jar of pickles.
That night, Dean awoke to Castiel shaking him. He glanced over at the clock radio next to the bed. It was 3:30 in the morning.
"I brought wine." Jo added.
"Dean, say something." Cas said suddenly.
"That is fucking stupid. I am not wearing this." Dean said.
"It wasn't you, Sammy. You saved us all. Literally, you saved the world, you saved Heaven, and you changed everything." He said, getting serious for a moment.
“Uh, no, actually, I visited a variety of clubs here in Austin, I think I can take part in this job in the best way possible.” Castiel responded, not showing his internal panic.
“Good morning, sir.” said the woman in a cheery tone. “What can I do for you?”
What happened next was a little blurry, he just barely remembered himself prepping the nameless man's hole, but he clearly remembered lifting his hips so that he could be able to thrust into him.
“There’s no way it’s true, he hooks up with girls all the time. You’re just messing with me!” the girl let out a soft laugh. “I hate you! I almost killed myself out here.”
Dazed and confused, he looked around to see that he certainly wasn’t in Meg’s house.
Meg gave him a look that meant she wasn’t having any of it. “Trust me, he does. He’s just playing dumb. So, be careful, because he’s dangerous.” she warned.
Apparently, he wasn’t in a bad mood, after all.
Now, there he was, feeling extremely tired and sore from the hangover while lying on a mattress that was probably more expensive than his home back in Dallas.
After coming out as gay, our cheap man found himself jobless and broke - apparently, cafés didn’t like when gay men served coffee - and felt depression come near him.
When he got to the premises, Cas didn’t hesitate to make his way into the building and go straight to Miss Bradbury.
“There are rumors, but I don’t really believe those things. It’s more like he’s powerful enough to hold something against you and make your life a living hell. If you keep a low profile, I don’t think you’ll get much trouble. Just don’t ever mess with his brother.”
He was even more handsome than before and Castiel couldn’t resist him any longer; he pushed him on the bed, with a force he didn’t know he had, and climbed on top of him.
“Oh, hello Mr. Novak! I hope you’re doing well!” exclaimed Charlie, who seemed even giddier than usual. “Ready for the first day?”
Not really wanting to start a fight, Cas would just drop whatever concern he had and go straight to bed after dinner.
Weird. It was Monday, which usually meant Mr. Winchester should have been in the brightest mood. The sight of a so stricken Jo made Castiel feel even more scared.
Then, complete darkness.
He hoped Mr. Winchester would appreciate that aspect of him, which was undoubtedly a rare quality.
He could hear muffled talking coming from the office. Showing up there early didn’t end up being the greatest idea, since the anxiety was stronger than the moments preceding his first meeting with the boss.
He lived in one of the most expensive apartments in Austin, in a skyscraper, and, when his hookups would visit his luxurious home, they would be seduced by the rose-smelling bubble baths and the breathtaking view that could be seen from the large glass windows.
It couldn’t be from Meg, since the girl was already dancing her way with a man.
Dean Winchester. A name, a legend. The richest man in the city, to be exact.
The first thing the stranger did was push Castiel to a wall and grab him by his collar.
Charlie walked him through an infinite corridor. There wasn’t a soul outside of the offices, other than them, though Cas could see through the glass doors that many people were working or speaking on the phone.
Cas nodded his head in response.
Maybe that was why he drowned himself in casual sex and expensive furniture; he was isolated socially.
Suddenly, Castiel felt himself blush furiously. His friend had no idea how hot Dean Winchester was, not in all of his glory.
“Not only is this the most prestigious club in all of Austin,” yelled Meg through the loud music, once they were both inside the discotheque. “But it’s also gay friendly!”
Two weeks before, Castiel was just a simple guy from Dallas, who had no idea what nightlife was about, and now his ridiculous article would have been on the cover of a magazine?
How could he be so nonchalantly talking about having fucked someone who was every American girl’s dream?
At first, Cas thought he just didn’t want to be recognized in the public, but the explanation to that was deeper; he was closeted.
“What?” she managed to say, after spitting out her food. “Are you serious?”
There was an info point there, where a clean-looking ginger woman, who was smiling, sat.
Besides, the man liked to wear masks when he picked up guys.
He almost looked
Ten minutes later, they were finally inside this man’s apartment, which was roomy, to say the least; not to mention the fact that it was inside a freakishly tall building.
Castiel went to work without sleeping an hour, as he found himself being too nervous for that to happen. He had already submitted the article to Dean, but had still not received a response to it - the only sign of life he’d given out was “I’ll see you at 9 A.M. sharp.”
“You’re so hot, I can barely contain myself.” the man whispered in Cas’ ear, before nibbling at his earlobe. “Mmm and you taste so good.”
He wasn’t sure that telling Meg all about it wouldn’t have been a risky move - it seemed like it certainly wasn’t usual for Dean Winchester to proudly wave a rainbow flag at Gay Prides - but he needed to tell someone about it. He trusted her, above all.
Upon entering the office, Castiel noticed that the other man was standing next to the window, his hands behind his back.
Castiel looked around to see a show that he wasn’t really fond of. It seemed like every client of that disco lost their inhibitions, whenever they were on the dancefloor.
Each of them was wearing a suit and a tie, which made him feel stupid.
Now there he was, inches apart from him, looking through a computer.
The Dallasite didn’t want to get his hopes up too much, that could have all been just him fantasizing in his sleep. Waking up could have been a real trauma.
The wine was already kicking in for Castiel, his inhibitions slowly lowered as he braced himself to drop the bomb.
He had to admit that he was absolutely terrified of what was about to happen.
Once both men were outside, the stranger finally spoke.
Not to mention his soft bed, which always had freshly new sheets made of the finest silk there was.
Not really able to prevent himself from giving in to the temptation, the Austin newbie grabbed the other man’s face and began kissing him in the hottest way he knew.
Those people seemed nice, even if they could be a bit intimidating, especially the older ones.
He remembered being loud and letting out grunts, basking into the powerfulness of that moment. How damn amazing it had felt, to finally have sex again, and to do it with the hottest man he’d ever laid his eyes on.
Castiel’s ultimate decision ended up leaving without telling the stranger.
Based on his new coworkers’ words, the aspiring writer concluded that their boss was protective of his little brother in such a strong way, it was slightly scary.
That until he’d found him in a club and hooked up with him without knowing who he was.
The fellow he was looking at had soft looking blond hair and full lips that probably had the ability to find the most pleasurable spots one could imagine, other than a flawless jawline.
One thing had led to another and then, all of a sudden, he was straddling that man.
The grammar sounded a bit off at first, but there was nothing he couldn’t edit to perfection; in fact, his strongest skill when it came to writing was editing his own stuff. Not that he didn’t trust editors - with a job like that, he would have had to deal with them, eventually - but he preferred to do it all himself.
Be it beating someone up, be it telling them to write an article which would have got some funny looks, it was still bullying.
With the exception of the “Monday Bliss”, Dean Winchester liked to spend hours of his days in Castiel’s office, constantly staring at him, in a way that almost intimidated him.
The silence was starting to annoy Castiel, as it created more tension, which always managed to dry his mouth out. He was afraid he wouldn’t have been able to speak properly.
Cas looked at her with worry, given her eyes were puffy and she looked like she had been yelled at.
“More like he’s into both,” Cas observed. “if he’s used to casual sex with women, I’m sure he’s not entirely into men. Look at me, I’m a hundred percent gay and the mere thought of going anywhere near a vagina makes my skin crawl and my stomach reject all this pasta I just ate.”
“Thank you, Charlie. You can go back downstairs, now.” Said Mr Winchester, without looking up from his desk.
Castiel scowled, but then he looked amused. "Yes. I suppose you could say that. The benefits for adjunct professors are fairly limited."
"I painted those my freshman year of college during a studio class. We were supposed to paint a series of memories from childhood. Ridiculous, I know. There's a reason I didn't stick with art here. I can't even really explain what came over me when I did those…" He said, his voice fading away.
"God, that smells awful." Cas growled. "Why are you touching my ears? Stop!" He said, swatting at Dean like he was a pesky fly.
WHAT IS SHE DOING?
"We shouldn't be sitting here moping." Sam said. "Let's at least make some dinner. I think Dean needs something solid in his system."
Castiel sighed and closed his eyes for a minute. He finally released the sketchbook and set it on the coffee table in front of them. "Dean, once again, you underestimate me." He groaned.
Cas stood up. "I have to… go stare at myself in the mirror in the bathroom." He muttered.
Dean looked up at him and just smiled. "Not yet."
Castiel, of course, was standing right behind him, watching him retch. When it was all out, he felt him reach over and hesitantly rub his back.
It's always like this, every time he sees him.
Sam ignored his comment. "20 milligrams. "
Dean squeals again and collapses on top of him, kissing him again, grinding into him, showing him that it may be 10:30 (they're old now) but sex is more than required for an occasion like this. Castiel groans and returns the kiss, his own hips involuntarily bucking up to meet him. It's been two years, but Dean still wants to devour him, every inch of him.
had that happen. It was going a little too quickly for me."
Cas shook his head, but reached over for Dean's hand. They walked back over to Crowley, who looked more irritated than amused now.
"Hey Cas." Dean said, grinning at him.
"You too, Dean."
"Cas…" Jo said. "Cas, come on. Let's not talk about this here."
Cas didn't respond and grimaced as he cut into the veins in the crease of Dean's elbow. He caught Dean's eyes and they were full of sorrow. He knew Cas didn't want this. Dean shuddered as the blade cut into him. The blood began seeping out quickly. Dean held his arm over the trap and Cas's ingredients and Cas began to chant in Latin.
Castiel tells himself this as he stares down the copy. The copy smiles at him, an evil, angry smile, its green eyes glinting, and then lunges at him again. The copy is surprisingly strong, much stronger than the real Dean. The leap sends them flying backwards. A leap like that from the normal Dean never would have knocked him from his feet.
"I don't know." He said finally. "I don't… feel Jimmy anymore. I haven't since I got back."
"Ugh, I hate the east coast! No offense, Cas, but it's so damn pretentious! I'll take Kansas any day." Bobby said.
"I'm home." He whispered as he got out of the car.
"Fine." Cas mumbled. "Anyway, we actually have most of the ingredients here. We'll need a lot of space, a very sturdy Devil's Trap, and well, blood. Your blood."
of who is, not
"The shit?" Cas said, looking a little grossed out.
Dean chuckled. They had been for him too.
"This house is huge. Let's find an empty room." He murmured, running his fingers over the fishnet. "These are killing me. I'm no longer able to deny that you look fucking delicious in that costume."
"Give me a bourbon. I don't care what shelf. And make it a double." He grumbled to the heavily bearded bartender.
After dinner, the three of them sat in the living room, not talking too much. The air was still tense and there wasn't much for any of them to say. As usual, Sam passed out on the couch. Dean had South Park on, but he was no longer watching it. Cas brought his sketchbook down and sitting with his legs coiled underneath him, a position Dean never had found comfortable, furiously sketching something with a black ink pen.
"I cannot be hungry, Dean, I am an angel of the lord." He said seriously.
"I am?"
After Cas admitted that he knew Jimmy was gone, Dean and the fallen angel didn't speak for awhile. Dean felt a little angry, slightly betrayed that Cas had kept Jimmy's death from him, but Cas had said it: he didn't want to admit it to himself, let alone to anyone else. Dean knew he had no room to judge him either. After all, how often had he hidden things from his family and friends? They were a strange pair, the two of them. They were liars, they were heroes.
Dean snorted. Cas rolled over on his side and reached over to Dean and pulled him close, which was easy considering he was significantly stronger than Dean was.
Cas sighed a little bit. "I won't lie. I love this town. I like my job. But I don't want to teach, not forever. I'm good at it, but it's not a career for me. Plus, being an adjunct isn't the greatest gig in the world. The pay sucks, I have to buy my own health insurance and there isn't much stability. I think it's time for me to move on to the next thing."
The Dean copy slices at him again, catching the edge of his overcoat, the blade grazing his thigh for one brief, painful second.
"I guess... seven, not including living my grandmother? Seven different homes and a stint in a rehabilitation center." He said, actually laughing a little. "Luckily, when I was 15, I had foster parents that actually gave a crap. They got me an IQ test, helped me get caught up in school, and well, here I am now."
They were quiet for a few moments.
"Um, uh, I don't, um, I don't have any family." Castiel said in a low voice.
Castiel really took Halloween more seriously than Dean would have ever imagined.
Dean felt a stab of jealousy, even though he wasn't even sure that Cas was into women in the slightest.
"Cas, I know you aren't, believe me, I do. I'm just worried. You're so tense and your eye is twitchy and you're drawing weird shit. I'm worried because I care, that is all. I want to look out for you." Dean said. He knew saying that would piss him off, but he was genuinely so worried.
"Is this what you want? One last fuck before we die?" He hissed. "Is this what you want, Dean?" He nipped at his throat and kissed him hungrily.
"What?" He cried.
Dean tried to get up, but he couldn't. Physically and emotionally, he was pinned to the ground. He put one shaking hand to his face, feeling golf ball sized lumps forming where an archangel had punched him repeatedly. The blood coming from his cuts and bruises was hot and sticky. He realized that he couldn't see out of one eye and his head throbbed and things were fuzzy. He couldn't really comprehend where he was. He didn't know if this was because of what had just happened or if it was because he was concussed. He lay on the ground and stared at the sky, which was grey, cloudy and absent of any birds or light.
"You're a professor? Well, if I'm too old to be an undergrad, then you're too young to be a professor."
"I think so too." Cas said. "It still hasn't sunk in that I'm, well, mortal, but I'm getting used to it. Honestly, it's nice to not always be looking over my shoulder, and it's nice to have such frivolous concerns. When you're an angel, your entire life is a grand epic, a constant battle. Now… well, I'm just happy to be able to enjoy pancakes and the feeling of an attractive man's mouth on mine."
Sam took a long swig of bourbon. "Is he in Heaven? Can't Gabriel bring him back?" He said. "I mean, he brought me back."
There was no escaping it. There was no way he could return to Kansas without dealing with the man. Even the magic of having Castiel around and having a normal version of Sam sitting next to him could prevent that.
"A moose." Dean said suddenly. "A moose swimming in a pool."
"Hey Sammy."
"Samandriel." He says slowly. "You… made me kill Samandriel."
Cas sat on the bed next to Dean. He rested his hand on Dean's shoulder.
"Yeah. I teach undergraduate sociology and research classes. Dean was never my student though. Dean is actually older than me." He said, adding in the second part, as if Mary and Sam might think he was preying on poor, innocent students.
"That's wonderful to hear." Bonnie said. She turned to face the table. "Isn't Charlotte here the best? She used to be so cute. So chubby as a child! You've really bloomed into a beautiful young woman, dear."
"My, my, Dean. You look well. Who's the new piece?" Crowley said, smirking.
"Let's go out." Dean said. "I can't sit here and wallow for another minute."
"You and your 'I nevers.'" Dean said, shaking his head. "Broken record."
"I'm serious. I just… I'm worried for them. I don't know them, yet I'm worried for them."
"Probably a couple of more days. He's still… seeing things." She said. "But I think he is realizing they aren't real."
Cas did the best thing he could, which was give the brothers some time alone together. He and Sam stayed up the entire night, drinking beers, shooting the shit, regaling each other with stories from their past and generally just making up for lost time. By around 3am, it felt like Sam had never left.
"OH MY GOD! You guys look awesome!" She screamed.
"So, Cas. I think we need to talk about what happened last night… and not just at the bar, but what happened at your apartment afterward." Dean said slowly.
"You're right, Cas. You're the only one who tells it like it is. You're the only one who will admit I'm poison, through and through. All of us, Winchesters, we're cursed. We're poison." He muttered.
"Dean… I know your upbringing wasn't perfect, that you and Sam went through hell, but coming here, has just shown me how many people love you. Your brother, he watches you with such adulation. He worships you. Your mom's the same way, the way she looks at you with such tenderness when she thinks you're not looking. The Singers too, Jo and her parents and brother, they're like a second family. You have no idea how much these people love you. How they'd die for you." He said.
"You are?" Dean asked "I assume… you are?"
Their first encounter, his eyes don't leave Dean. He watches him. Studies him. The way he stares makes you nervous, restless, like you're a butterfly whose wings are about to be plucked off, or a helpless ant stuck under the glaring heat of a magnifying glass. Dean feels like a science experiment the first time he meets Castiel.
Around 3pm, Jo came to his apartment with the key she had made for herself. Dean was still in bed, the curtains drawn to prevent any sun from streaming in.
"Seriously Gabe. Sing us a new tune." Dean said. "It's never happening."
Dean chuckled. How was it that Castiel, who by all accounts, was a functioning member of society, more awkward than his batshit brother?
"So, uh, you do?"
"Of course, buddy. Anything you need." He said.
"Your mom wouldn't tell me much, understandably. She just said that he's lucid and that they moved him down to 'tier 1' which I assume is better than 'tier 2.'"
Dean shook his head. "I didn't mean to compare you guys. It's totally different. What I'm saying is that Castiel has shown me that it's possible to… live with it… like you want to. It's possible. I admit, I didn't think that before. I know that I am a dick for thinking that, but I'm beginning to see it differently." Dean finished.
Castiel looked embarrassed, but slightly pleased.
"We do not have normal dinnertime conversation." Cas said, looking grim. "Okay, I'll tell you."
"Dean, quit. Just quit. Come over here. I promise the world won't end because you let someone with male genitalia touch you." He said. He sounded annoyed. He was annoyed because he had just woken up, which was just surreal to Dean.
"We have to stop doing this." Dean whispered through his tears. "Oh God, Sammy, that amazing sonofabitch did it. He brought you back. Oh Sammy."
Dean's distracted when his phone rings.
"The fact that you
"Don't answer that." Cas hisses, carding his fingers through Dean's hair, short nails on his scalp making him shudder. Dean almost doesn't, until he notices the ring tone.
"I'm very sorry, but no. Raphael used very powerful magic to destroy Castiel's grace. Once it was gone, well, it was just that: gone. Destroyed. Lost forever. An angel is like any other creature, we can be killed reduced, but a human cannot become an angel. It just doesn't work that way. And that's what you are now… you are human. If we found a way, it would certainly kill Castiel, and it would be a painful, horrible death." Balthazar said soberly.
"Yeah, Cas. Not until next winter. We have time. Don't worry."
"Dean, tell him he's wrong." Sam said.
It feels wrong to admit it and he can't remember why, but Castiel knows in that moment that Samandriel's death was justified.
"I'm back." Cas said. He didn't mention that he was human.
"Cas, look, I told you about Sam. That is the most personal shit in my life. Literally no one knows about it except for my family and Jo. You owe me. Please, try to trust me with your personal shit too. You don't need to tell me all about your dark past, but I think I need to know what caused you to behave that way, so we can work with it." He said.
"You like science?" Castiel asked.
Cas stopped. "What's wrong with your brother?"
"You look positively delicious, even if the outfit is a little… revealing." Castiel added.
"Enough with the gallows humor, which I may add, is not appropriate just yet." Dean said, rolling his eyes again. He felt the corners of his mouth turn up a little bit. A smile?
"I knew this would happen." He said finally, his eyes on the ground.
"This is when I feel best." Cas murmured. "During the day, sometimes it's so hard to just crack open those books, so hard just to force myself to eat. Here, with you, is when I feel the happiest, the most human. Here with you is when I realize that being human is better than being an angel."
Dean reached over and extricated the sketchbook from his hands, and then he tackled him, because, hell, tackling him was masculine thing to do, right? Castiel squealed and writhed beneath him in a way that made Dean forget about everything they were just discussing. He leaned over and kissed Castiel on the spot beneath his ear, moving his mouth down the edge of his face to his throat. He nipped at his collarbone and then pulled away and waggled his eyebrows at him suggestively.
what the Word of God can do. The angel tablet could save Heaven or destroy it. It's a nuclear weapon and if it got in the wrong hands…
"Cas, you know I'd never sell you out to Crowley, right? I mean, come on man, you have to know that. You have to know how I feel about you, after all this time, after everything you and I have gone through these last few months. That wasn't what I was thinking about at all yesterday. It never even occurred to me." Dean said desperately.
Dean just blinked. Jo stared at him, clearly still wondering what had happened while she and Charlie were on the dance floor.
"Gabe, this is my… this is Castiel." He said.
"My life is here too." Dean said.
"Isn't it obvious?" Cas said, giggling. His tolerance was
Dean almost blurted out that less than a month ago, he'd threatened to kill Cas and then had proceeded to vomit on him, but he kept his mouth shut.
No, Castiel didn't see any of this and he didn't know of this. At this point, all he saw was white. After a few minutes in Naomi's office, he was no longer cognizant of his surroundings or even himself. Naomi made sure of that.
"A lot can happen in TWO YEARS." Ash said, emphasizing the second part of the sentence.
Dean was blinded with rage and hurt when he said that. He wanted to pummel Castiel, all of the lovey-dovey feelings that he had earlier in the night suddenly draining away. He didn't do anything though. He just sat there.
"Yeah. Better safe than sorry, I guess. Cas, I really don't think Crowley will try to kill us." Dean said.
"My research focused on the recent proliferation of human trafficking victims on the West Coast, specifically in Seattle and Portland. To put it simply, I'm especially interested in how their treatment in the U.S. criminal justice system affects them mentally and their well-being in the long term." Castiel said.
Dean stared at Cas, who was still slouched against him, forehead to forehead. Castiel opened his eyes and looked at him through impossibly long eyelashes, his eyes still stupidly blue, but this time, instead of looking electric, they just looked understanding and warm.
Sam, as usual, was handling it remarkably better than he was, making small talk what to do for dinner that night and taking his pills exactly on schedule, making a point to announce it to Dean, to prove that he could still be normal, despite the slightly fucked up circumstances. Dean was glad for it, but he didn't understand how someone with such a fractured mind could be so calm. Dean had dealt with this for years and it had just broken him down. Broken him down so much he'd run 2000 miles away. Dean hated his father and he didn't like his mother very much right now, but always running, that was a trait the three of them shared.
"What are you, a mind reader?" Dean grumbled.
Cas referred to an angel that lost his or her "abilities" as falling. Cas had been falling the second he had rebelled against Heaven. Bit by bit, he had weakened, but most of abilities had been intact in one way or another. This wasn't the case now. Cas had been brought back from the dead as a semblance of angel, but now, everything that had made him an angel was fading, and it was fading fast. He could no longer teleport. He couldn't heal. He hadn't tried, but he knew Cas couldn't bend time or kill demons anymore. Dean hadn't seen Castiel's wings, but he was pretty sure Cas didn't have those either. Those hallmarks of the divine were no longer a part of Cas. Not to mention that Cas was developing human needs and emotions. He needed sleep and food now. For all Dean knew, he also needed to drink water and use the bathroom. Day by day, Cas was becoming more and more human.
An angel appears before him. Her human form is wearing a charcoal grey pantsuit, her hair is brown and her eyes are blue. In truth, her vessel is similar to his in appearance. That is where the similarities end. One look tells him that the angel standing in front of him is much stronger than he is. He senses power, overwhelming power that he can hardly comprehend. She appears perfectly controlled, yet underneath it, Castiel can sense anger, and underneath that, excitement.
Castiel took off the trench coat, looking slightly embarrassed, although he was nowhere near as embarrassed as Dean was when he saw what he was wearing. Castiel was sporting a pair of black fishnet stockings with black garters, a lacy black corset, and a pair of shimmery black undergarments. The outfit was obscene and Dean didn't know if he was mortified or aroused.
"You got the demon knife?" He asked Cas, trying to put off the inevitable bloodletting.
Dean opened his eyes and thankfully, it wasn't too bright. Someone had remembered to draw the curtains and blinds the night before.
Dean decided to change the subject. Castiel was no longer a part of that world. He couldn't do anything about Heaven. He was stuck on earth and this was where he could make a difference now. Although Dean didn't share Castiel's enthusiasm for trying to find out why he was back, nor did Dean believe deep in his heart that they'd ever find a way to get Sammy out. Everything that he could think of, he'd already tried, and everything he hadn't thought of, Sam had tried when Dean was in Hell, and none of those had worked.
"Yeah, it was." He said. "But don't worry, little Joey, we are fine." He said wrapping an arm around her and giving her a hug.
Cas drew back and punched Dean in the face, knocking him out cold.
"It's Halloween. Somehow, it doesn't bother me." Castiel said with a shrug.
"Sylvia Plath, God rest her soul, had some good lines. Honestly, that's my mantra. I say those words whenever it becomes too much." Castiel said, eyes closed, a slight smile on his face. "Dean, what you're feeling… well, Sam understands. What you're feeling is totally to normal. I'm sure to Sam, you're his constant, what is there, when all is born again."
This is why he had trouble sleeping.
"It's Law and Order, Dean. Suspension of imagination is required. Not all cops are like the ones in Lawrence. Not all cops relate back to your dad." Jo said, taking a swig of beer.
It's May and as usual, it's warm and it's raining. It always rains here, but Dean doesn't mind. Living in Seattle, when it rains, it pours, and if it's not raining, then you've probably crossed the border into Oregon.
"Why am I here? Why am I here?" Cas asked the ceiling in the hotel desperately. "Father, if it were you, I could go home, I could help people, I could see my brothers and sisters. But it wasn't you, was it? Please, father, I need a sign."
"Yes, you are. Baby, you're great." He said, leaning forward and wrapping his arms around Castiel's narrow shoulders, bring him closer. He expected Castiel to relax against him, lose the tension like he usually did, but he didn't. If anything, he clutched the sketchbook closer.
"I'm sorry." He said. "I didn't mean to bring up Sam."
Ellen opened the door before he knocked, just like Sam had the day before.
"I am… an angel of the lord. I am not fully restored because I exploded and I was human. My grace will recover." He said, his voice wavering.
"Do you like Cocorosie?" He asked.
"Your name is actually Charlotte." Jo pointed out.
Dean thought about that for a moment. When the battle with Lucifer was done, Dean had wanted nothing more than to die. He had wanted it over so badly that he could taste the metal of the gun in his mouth every morning he awoke. But Cas had been there for him, held him together when nothing else could, and now he was sleeping soundly every night, waking up in the morning with some hope in his heart. He was here because of Cas, and it was so obvious to him. Was there a chance that he was the reason that Cas was still here too?
All of the humor drained out of him and he felt the rage that always accompanied the mention or thought of his father creep to the surface. Dean blinked, once, twice.
"So, do you know about 'the Social Theory of Political Thought''?" Dean asked, suddenly more interested in this strange, perpetually staring man.
They sat there in silence for a few minutes, sipping their beers, listening to Cocorosie croon about werewolves and schizophrenia and creepy fathers and skinny, tall brothers and with those lyrics, it almost became too much for Dean.
As quickly as Balthazar appeared, he was gone.
"Well, yeah. My mom kind of bailed for awhile and my dad, well, he kind of sucks and only comes around every 6 months or so. Sammy needs someone around, like, most of the time." Dean said, vowing not to say anything more. He was not a sharing and caring kind of guy and Castiel already had enough baggage of his own.
"Yes! I am psyched I ran you over this morning, dude! You might save my grade!" He said. "When are you free? I can get today's notes from my friend, Charlie and the book and we could go to town!"
"I like this evolution in you, Winchester. Cas, is this your doing?" Balthazar said, raising an eyebrow at him.
Dean flushed. "Enough."
"Dean, are you sure it's wise to be drinking?" Castiel asked carefully. "I can tell you're not in the best sorts right now."
"Leave it to Cas to utter the most ridiculous shit ever during the apocalypse. Oh my God, I can't believe Lucifer made him explode. Oh man, I need to apologize to him for that. Ugh." Sam said.
"Dude, chill." Dean said, chuckling a little bit. "I told them about you, it's cool."
"School was your escape." Dean said carefully.
Dean felt his face heat up, even though Sam was 2000 miles away and probably couldn't catch the scarlet on his face over the webcam.
The next morning, Dean woke up, surprisingly refreshed. He should have the hangover of death, but somehow, he avoided it. He rolled over and saw Cas next to him, still passed out, and the strange events from the night before came rushing back. Cas, realizing he couldn't heal anymore. His own drunken breakdown. Cas sleeping in the same bed as him. Cas sleeping. Cas spooning him until he fell asleep and Sam's screams faded away from his mind.
calling to congratulate you, you asshole." She says.
He made it abundantly clear that they needed two beds and the bored clerk just stared at him when he emphasized this.
"You got any siblings?" Ellen asked.
After brunch, with his mother gone and his brother asleep, Dean felt himself drawn to Castiel. For some reason, he'd felt like a cat in heat around him the last few days. He wasn't sure why. He was semi-convinced it was because he was in his childhood home again and it felt illicit, which gave him a little thrill.
Suddenly Balthazar's face got serious.
"You thought about this when you were an angel?" Dean asked softly. "Really?"
"Charlie has awful taste in music."
"Probably not a bad idea." A voice beside him.
Castiel gasps in pain and jumps backward. He looks down at his arm and can see the faintest hint of grace leaking out. He stares at the copy, taking in its furrowed brow, the stormy green of his eyes, looking exactly how Dean looks during a hunt. Except now, he is hunting Castiel. It is one of his worst nightmares come true.
"I'm sorry it took so long."
"This is what I've been reduced to." He muttered. "This is how they see me. I am a piece of man meat, wearing a speedo and body glitter."
"I am not a chick." Castiel said, glaring at him.
"Yeah, he does. I kind of had to tell him about it that night you sent him over in your place. I told him though. I told him almost everything."
"You're not an asshole." Castiel said, kissing him again. "Well, sometimes you are, but even then, you're
"No, we have longer than two days. We have the rest of our lives, and then eternity wherever the hell it is guys like us go. I'm not letting you do this. I won't. We will find another way. I promise you, Cas." He leaned in and kissed him on the forehead.
"You owe Sam, and us, everything. Your new power. The angels not killing you. It's because of us." Cas said.
Dean rolled his eyes. "Cas, you're not mortal. And it's only 7am."
"Oooh. Costumes? You tease. You really like Halloween, don't you?" Dean said with a laugh.
"What? Why?" Castiel said. His voice was bewildered.
"Ungh. Sam. Ouch. Can't breathe. Airways. Constricted." He gasped.
Anna pulled away and Dean rested his forehead on hers. They looked into each other's eyes for a moment, silently exchanging something that Castiel couldn't fathom. Castiel was suddenly desperate to look into Dean's eyes, to understand what it was he felt for Anna.
Dean released his brother and he was halfway considering pulling Sam to the car and taking him with him back to Plainville. He couldn't though. Sam was right. His life was across the country and though Sam's life wasn't much yet, he was making one here.
Naomi smiles wider and a third copy appears in front of Castiel, this time holding a false version of the Colt, which wouldn't kill the angel but leave him in extraordinary pain. She has already decided that the first few copies are going to be vengeful versions of Dean, coming after Castiel because of what he did while he was playing God. She figured this was the easiest way to play on his guilt complex while also making him defend himself. She wanted to twist him as much as she could before he started going numb. She thought it might take 100 Dean copies to make him reach this place, but it'd be well worth it. The third Dean shoots at Castiel and the angel easily dodges it, despite the emotional anguish he's clearly feeling. The copy stalks after him, preparing to shoot again, and Castiel bends over the second Dean and picks up the angel blade, throwing it with deadly accuracy into the third copy's chest. The copy dies and Castiel lets out another anguished cry as it falls dead. Naomi is slightly impressed because Castiel is quickly and easily racking up a pile of bodies.
Dean returned to his biology problems, mostly because all he was thinking about now was Castiel's mouth, the way his hipbones seemed to poke out of his cords and the way he was sure Castiel was flexible and how much fun that could be in bed. He couldn't focus though, because all of the blood in his brain seemed to have moved down to his crotch and
Castiel just looked uncomfortable, but he nodded at him to go on.
"Jo, seriously. It's not a dick. You don't need to suck it so hard." He said.
Dean rolled his eyes and grabbed his stuff. He'd talk to the lovebirds later.
"He wasn't always like this." She murmured. "He wasn't always this mean."
"Shut up, bitch." Charlie said. "Your name is Josephine, so look who's talking."
"I-it's okay." He stuttered. "I suppose I'm flattered."
"You don't need to tell me all about it. Just tell me why you were so upset last night." Dean said. "Cas, it was as if you were a different person. What happened? What did I do?"
"Cas… are you sure that Jimmy's still in there?" Dean asked slowly. "Are you sure that… well, that this body isn't yours now?"
"So you're the school's bitch, basically?"
"Yeah?" He muttered, looking down at the floor.
"Oh God." He muttered to Cas. "This is horrible."
"Why? Because of your pathetic, fucked up life? Well, newsflash, Cas, we both have fucked up lives. My dad's a drunk who hit my mom all the time when I was a kid. My mom is a weak bitch who disappears when things get tough. My brother is in the goddamn mental ward right now. You don't see me crying in the bathroom or shoving girls or destroying my belongings. Get the fuck over it. Grow up." He said coldly.
"I may be human now, Dean, but I've still been alive for a few millennia now. Demons have always talked about this. An angel to flay in Hell. It's their ultimate fantasy, besides getting God himself down there. It was just never possible, at least not until now. I'm not stupid, I knew this is what Crowley would want." He murmured.
Jo and Castiel nodded simultaneously. Dean felt insulted. Since when was Castiel in on the anti-Dean schemes that his two best friends always seemed to concoct?
"Yeah, Cas. He's sick." Dean muttered, thinking about how slurred Sam's voice had been through the entire conversation, how he kept going off on tangents about completely unrelated topics, how Dean could tell, even over the phone, how hard it was for Sam just to stay focused and awake.
Cas gasped. "Dean, no!" He cried.
Castiel just scowled a little bit, but nestled closer against him, watching as a totally badass Ewok used a light saber to fight a Storm Trooper. Castiel made another face and stuck his tongue at the creature.
On most days, Castiel's mind is nearly human. If it weren't for his grace, she probably wouldn't be able to tell it was the mind of an ancient angel who'd been around since the dawn of humans. Instead, she might mistake it for the brain of a human who had lived a difficult existence. When she plucked Castiel from Purgatory, she almost threw him back in, because his mind made her wince, while also confusing her, which hadn't happened to her since 1300. His thoughts disturbed and almost terrified her. Castiel was so far off the reservation, so close to humanity that she didn't think he was worth saving.
"This smells amazing." He stuttered. "It has never smelled like this before."
"Why do you sleep like that?" Cas asked, right into his ear. Cas was in bed next to him. "Is that what you find most comfortable? Doesn't your arm go numb because of your human blood flow? I know it tends to become constricted, if you will."
"It's just because we were at his mother's house for a week." Castiel explained, as if Jo were actually offended. "Making up for lost time."
It took an hour and a half to file a temporary restraining order. On the way home, Dean felt great relief, but his happiness was gone. As his mother had signed the papers, she had almost wept in front of him, Henriksen and the police. She whispered, more to herself than Dean, as they left the station I love him, but it's time. It was miserable for her and for Dean. He felt awful for her, because there was something about John Winchester that had kept her around for so many years, and he didn't know what it was. He was just glad it was finally almost over.
"I… have no idea. I am still not sure why am here. I was dead, Dean. I was guts on the ground." Cas muttered. "I am not even… fully restored, not to my full power. I cannot teleport, at least not yet. I do not hear my brothers and sisters. I was amazed that I could heal you. My grace… well, much of it is gone. I had to drive here. It was… well, it was terrifying."
"Can we go upstairs to your room?" Castiel asked.
Castiel actually growled at him a little bit, which almost sent him over the edge. Dean thrust his homework on the coffee table in front of them and grabbed him and kissed him deeply, almost savagely, sending the papers in Castiel's lap flying to the floor. Castiel moaned into his mouth and returned the kiss with equal urgency. He threw the remaining papers onto the floor and climbed onto Dean's lap, straddling him. He wrapped his arms around Castiel's narrow shoulders and pulled him in closer, and he was caught in a frenzy of hot mouths, tongues, and Dean wanted to
"I'm relieved to have some closure about Bobby." Dean admitted. "But I hope Balthazar wasn't lying. I hope Bobby truly is at peace. I wish I could have gotten at those demons myself though."
"Can you do it?" Dean asked.
She just nodded and turned her attentions to Nick, Charlie's drummer, their resident drug dealer, and once again, he didn't seem to mind a bit. After all, he was the devil. Right now, he was taking Meg's attention from Castiel and for this reason, Dean was beginning to forgive him for the mushrooms he sold Charlie and Jo, the mushrooms that had caused him to miss Bon Jovi.
Dean pushed the door open, thankful it was unlocked. That was a good sign.
"No, Dean, you're a doctor. You're Doctor Sexy." He deadpanned.
"I'm going to ask him to sit with us." Dean said suddenly, sitting up.
"Goddamnit, Cas." He muttered. He leaned over and gave him a quick, discreet kiss, because he knew he'd have to watch the dude-on-dude PDA around Kansas, which was so damn conservative.
"Issues? Me?" Dean said, raising an eyebrow. "I don't know what I want to hear about first. Both so juicy." He threw himself on the couch, exhausted after the goodbyes, the plane ride, and the drive. Mostly exhausted by the plane ride though. He didn't like flying.
"That'd be something, right? I don't know, man… things… well this week was hell. One of the worst weeks of my life. I see an awkward, gangly teenager and I think he's Sam. I see an old man in a trucker hat, and I think he's Bobby. Everything reminds me of them. I can't imagine my life without them, yet here I am with you, living it, and I think I might be okay eventually." He responded.
"You're… you again?" Dean mumbled, rubbing his face. Sure enough the blood and the bruises were gone. Not to mention that his head was clear and he could see out of his right eye. Sure enough, Cas had healed him. He was good as new.
want to do? Now that you're…" Dean started.
Castiel looked terrified, but what else was new? Even Dean could admit the Singer family was a little bit too much at first, even though they always ended up making you feel welcome.
"Now, don't think I'm undermining what has happened to you and Sam…" Castiel started.
Dean burst out laughing and bent down and kissed him quickly on the lips. "You would like an aquarium, wouldn't you? So would Sam. I knew you two had stuff in common."
Dean stared at Castiel. He looked so insulted. Dean couldn't help what he had said and the feelings of distrust that were now coursing through his veins. Cas bringing up Alastair had quickly created all sorts of negative energy between them. Dean was remembering the ice cold eyes of the angel when he had first entered Dean's life. He remembered Pamela's eyes burning out at the sight of Cas. He remembered when Cas was nothing but a soldier, and how emotionless he had been in the beginning. Dean remembered how easily Cas had put him up to something like torture just months after he escaped from Hell and how easy it had been for Cas himself to kill.
It was a Friday night and the three of them were sitting in Castiel's living room, watching Law and Order: Special Victims Unit. Castiel refused to watch Dr. Sexy MD because he claimed it had "no artistic merit" and also proclaimed that he was offended that they expected him to watch "a glorified prime-time soap opera."
Dean sighed. "He's so much smarter than me. He could do so much."
blue.
"I am well. Unfortunately I have two dozen short answer tests to grade." He said, sighing. "Would you like something to drink or eat?"
"I'm sorry, Cas. I'm sorry you have to put up with this crap." Dean grumbled. "I don't think I ever told you about that. You shouldn't have had to hear all that."
"Can I come with you?"
Dean sits up immediately. His eyes dart around the bedroom. There are clothes everywhere, he's as nude as the day he was born, he's sure he has several dozen hickeys, not to mention the fact that Cas is nowhere to be seen. Plus, a surprise? What the hell kind of surprise is this?
"Well, you are officially more of a bad ass than I am." Jo said, her eyes taking in the slave bikini. "I'd never have the balls to get something that huge."
"Oh, Cas." Dean whispered.
Ten minutes later, Dean had Sam's card. Castiel drew a Chibi version of a moose struggling to swim through a kiddy pool, reaching for a birthday cake topped with a "22" candle at the end of the pool. Dean wrote Sam a note on the inside and they wrapped up the package.
They hit the road after Cas's debacle at breakfast, intending to drive straight through the day. As they merged onto the freeway, Dean thought about the little things, like the purr of the Impala and the way the gas pedal felt underneath is foot, the way the sun drenched the hood with light and made the car look more purple than black, and being able to eat pancakes on a Sunday morning. It was these little things that made each passing day a little more bearable, and kept him from wishing he were dead.
"Don't watch it go in Sammy. It's always over quick."
Dean opens his eyes and realizes Cas isn't in bed. Dean moans again, and answers the phone without looking at who is calling. "Yes? Who is calling Cas Novak at… uh, 11 on a Saturday?"
"The Winchesters… they could bring it to the prophet. We should tell them. They could help me find it." Castiel says.
"It's not
"I've missed you." She whispered in his ear. "I'm so glad you're here, baby."
"Just a little. Nothing like you were last night, but I feel warm and content and I just want to go to bed." Cas admitted.
"We are so glad you're here." Mary said smoothly. "I can tell that you've been excellent for Dean and you are more than welcome here."
Dean groaned again, hating Castiel for always being right, hating him for making him confront this
"That's weird, though, because you're, like, fucking awesome. Like, literally you're one of the coolest people I've met since I've been here." Charlie said.
"I found that I thoroughly enjoyed the buzz I got from it last night, so it will be my 'go-to drink' from here on out. After seeing what whiskey did to you, I think I will stay away from it." He said simply, as if it was the dumbest question in the world.
"Actually, yes. It's been quite awhile since I've attended a social gathering like this." Castiel said, nodding a little. "I guess normal people would call it a party.
"That's my cell phone number. I'm never in my office. You can email me too. I'll check my calendar and we can set something up." Castiel said, running a hand through his hair again, his eyes darting back and forth, like he was doing something illicit.
"That's a load of bullshit, and you know it. God wouldn't want to save ANYONE who let Lucifer overtook his body, even if it was with good intentions. You know, the path to hell is paved with them, and all." Dean said, chuckling a little bit.
"I meant the tattoo, not you." Jo said, smirking at her.
"I'm not leaving here without him." The copy chokes.
"Sammy. Now we are going to talk about Sammy." Dean said gruffly.
Dean set the phone down and sat there in the darkness for a minute. Sam had been doing so well. He hadn't expected this, even though, as his mother said, they should have. Sam was sick. Sam would always be sick. Dean remembered why he hadn't been home in so long. Dealing with Sam, dealing with his broken mother and absentee father who his mother just wouldn't leave, this was why he didn't want to go home. He was grateful his mother had said for him not to leave early. He probably wouldn't have been able to do it.
Dean lay on the hood of the Impala for awhile, wishing he were dead too. He had a gun. It wouldn't be hard to end it now. Hell, he'd welcome it. Except he wasn't sure where he'd go. He'd just averted the apocalypse, but the apocalypse had been the angels' plan all along, so there was a chance he'd never make it into heaven. If he went to Hell, at least he'd be with Sammy. Granted he wouldn't be in a circle of Hell near Lucifer's cage, but at least they'd share the same zip code. Bobby would be in heaven. His mom was in heaven. His dad probably was too. For a moment, he wished he could go there, be with them, safe, warm and surrounded by family. But then he'd have to live an eternity without Sam. He thought about Cas. He wasn't sure where fallen angels who turned human and then were exploded into a sea of guts by Lucifer went.
"You had private conversations with my brother?" Dean asked. He actually felt a little ill at the prospect.
"Sure… uh… Cas you good here?" He asked, since he'd hardly gotten a chance to talk to the guy before Charlie had latched onto him.
"New people make me uncomfortable, I guess. I mean, I loosen up, right? I just don't think I make the best impression. Sometimes I think I rub people the wrong way." Castiel said.
"I have something I need to do in the morning. Maybe you could come with me after we wake up? Then we can pick out some last minute costumes." Dean murmured.
Dean took a huge swig of bourbon and handed over to Castiel. He stripped down to the speedo, catching a few strange looks from people around him, which offended Dean because one guy had shown up to the party wearing nothing but a thong and a corset. Hell, Anna was practically naked and Jo was wearing a bra and panties. He tucked his clothes into a plastic bag and stuck it behind the couch.
Sam gasped, choked, as his eyes opened and he saw earth for the first time in 50 years. He sat up immediately, his large brown eyes darting from side to side, as if he were trying to get a sense of where he was. His eyes immediately went to Dean.
Dean gulped, but once again, nothing happened.
"I must say, Castiel, humanity suits you well! Look at you! Cooking! Wearing Levis! Living the big gay American dream with your former charge! Also, that vessel also becomes you. I love what you've done with its hair." Baltazhar said, poking Cas on the head.
"Hello?" He mumbled.
"Little Adam, well, he gave in immediately. He's smart, you see, learned to work with them! For that reason, he's almost one of the gang now! You should have seen it. Sam's arms were gone, just these bleeding stumps, and the boys had him tied to the cage with boiling metal chains. Sammy had to watch as Adam tortured and molested this soul. This innocent little 4 year old soul, the girl was screaming out, actually screaming for her mommy! Can you imagine the irony there?" Crowley crowed.
"The capstone/internship class I told you guys about last week. The Advanced Study of Molecular Biology of Human Disease" is the overly long and sciencey name for it. I'll be working at the hospital a few days a week. It's the last one." He said.
"It's a start, Dean." She said "Do you want to talk to him? They said he could talk to you. The doctors remember you."
"Crowley." He growled, in way of greeting.
Dean cringed and he wanted to run, tell Cas that it was over, but instead he just lazily draped his arm around Castiel's shoulders. He felt so small to Dean right now. He bent over and placed a small kiss on the top of Castiel's head, which smelled like salt and some kind of minty shampoo.
"Cas, your eyes." He said. "When you start getting all twitchy, I know something's not right."
Despite this thought, as she watches Castiel break, she realizes that she has never seen an angel display this much emotion. Castiel's pain over killing the copies is thrice the pain what he felt at killing Samandriel. This both outrages and pleases Naomi. She is angry that Dean means more to him than another angel and it pleases her because sensing Castiel's pain is giving her a sociopathic little thrill. It's not like she wanted Castiel back in the first place. Once the Winchesters dug up the Leviathan tablet, she realized that she needed him. Naomi hates this and making him hurt is making up for it.
"Two days." Cas said. "Then we'll summon you."
"Thanks, I guess. I should have been the one…" He started
"Why would Raphael bring me back? He hated me. He wanted me dead more than any of you." Cas cried. "Brother, that makes no sense!"
Sam shot a glance at Castiel, who looked entirely uncomfortable and slightly annoyed at Sam's intrusion on their conversation. Sam sighed deeply and nodded toward the hallway, indicating they needed privacy.
"Wow, you missed social theory to hang out with another man?" Jo said, raising an eyebrow. "Either there's something you're not telling me or that class is just unbearably awful, like worse than I can even imagine."
Cas opened his mouth to say something, but appeared to brush it off. "The barn where you go to work on the cars should be large enough. We'll need something hardier than spray paint to keep Crowley contained though." He said instead, keeping them on point.
Castiel choked on a tiny hot dog. Dean glanced at him and gave him an encouraging smile. Castiel was definitely not ready for these people. Dean had known most of them for years and still left every encounter with them feeling exhausted. He felt like he should have done something to prepare him for the storm that was Charlie's group of friends.
He thought to himself.
"Think of it as an appetizer."
Dean sighed. Castiel had been doing so well. He hadn't shed a tear in weeks, he hadn't consumed one drop of liquor, he had grown markedly less tense around new people, their sex life had been healthy and robust, and he hadn't gone catatonic during any of the little fights they'd had over personal space or proper PDA etiquette.
That evil whore! She is the Whore of Babylon!
"Dean, you may be an idiot, but you're my idiot." He said begrudgingly.
"What did you say to her?" Dean asked. "You shouldn't have talked to her. That's my responsibility."
"What's wrong with him? Like, what exactly?" Castiel asked.
He had never said that out loud, but Dean was beginning to see things differently. Just seeing Sam, talking to him now, hearing about how quickly he had bounced back from his last relapse, was showing Dean that Sam was more than a burden, more than a sick person. Dean had thought about him in those terms for so long that it was hard to see Sam as an individual still capable of living a full and happy life.
"So this isn't geeking you out? I mean, the guy I met in August never would have come to something like this, or at least it didn't seem like he would."
Dean turned to face Cas, whose face was frozen in a look of shock and fear.
"You kissed me in front of your mother." Castiel hissed, trying to keep his voice low. Even in the dim light, Dean could see how red his face was. "Last night you wouldn't even come to bed with me."
"Why do you respond to everything I say with sarcasm? Especially when I'm simply trying to be nice?" Cas asked him suddenly, turning to Dean.
Cas got out behind him. "How are you doing?" He murmured. He came up behind Dean and circled his arms around his waist and rested his chin on his shoulder.
Naomi nods curtly. "And you are perfectly fine with it."
Dean called his mother to assure that Sam was up for it and to go through instructions about how to chat on Skype and 10 minutes later, Dean saw his mother's face up close and almost in person for the first time in 2 years.
"Cas!" Sam yelled, actually standing up. "Holy shit, Cas, did you bring me back? That was you? How are you alive?"
Over the next few days, they attempted a few spells to locate Bobby's body, but to no avail. Dean took to a spirit board to try to contact Bobby's spirit, even Sam's spirit, however far gone it might be, and received no response. Cas attempted to teleport but just ended up standing there with the same contorted, angry look on his face every time he failed. Cas tried to communicate with Jimmy's soul, but Jimmy was sleeping, or dead, or just ignoring him. Cas, in his desperation, attempted to summon the one or two angels who might not want him dead and they ignored him too. Cas prayed and tried to get Dean to pray with him, but he wouldn't, couldn't; he still thought God was an asshole. Mostly they sat around the hotel room, reading Bobby's useless books. After all, spells were useless if they just wouldn't work. Mostly Dean moped and drank whiskey. After five days, Cas was convinced that it wasn't God who brought him back, wasn't the angels, but some freaky transference thing with Lucifer, or the "evil presence" he'd felt in the graveyard, which he was resolved against returning to, probably because it was where he had exploded. It made no sense whatsoever. The truth was that he had no answers, he was grasping at straws. Finally, Cas broke too.
Castiel didn't answer, so Dean answered for him.
On cue, Jo and Charlie came out of the bedroom, Jo making vomiting noises, which were also on cue.
"We have no other choice!" Cas cried, jumping to avoid the lamp. "You want Sam back? This is it, Dean! This is the only way!"
"Human trafficking is more common in this country than you can even imagine. It's happening right under our noses, to American citizens. I knew someone in my youth who was a victim of it. My entire life, I've wanted to do something to stop it, or at least something to help the victims. Eventually, I want to go into victim advocacy."
"I think so, yeah, if that's okay with you." Dean said. He'd been planning on it, anyway. Sex like that always made him want to pass out. He supposed he was still a typical dude in that way.
"He's a good man." Castiel repeats. "He's just a man. He's not an angel. He's not you. He could never..."
"So if your crazy little boyfriend can do it, so can I?" Sam said, his voice dripping with sarcasm.
"Castiel, you don't have to be so nervous. Dean has already told us all about you, whether he wants to admit it or not. Relax, you're among friends." Sam interjected.
happen."
"Portland's cool." Ash said. "I visited Jo during sibs weekend her sophomore year and we spent some time there."
They followed Gabe into the kitchen, where they were met with greeting from the rest of Charlie's bandmates and a couple of people Dean recognized from past gatherings at Gabe's house. One person Dean did recognize in particular was Anna Milton, who was Gabe's younger sister, and a woman who both he and Jo had pursued aggressively in the past. To Dean's dismay, Jo had won. He glanced over at his best friend, whose smile indicated that she thought she might win again tonight.
He was the CEO of the award-winning The Texan Nights magazine, which was only America’s most successful paper when it came to nightlife.
It tasted like very alcoholic blueberries, he observed.
When they got to the bedroom, which looked like it came straight from a king’s palace, their precious shirts and suits were already abandoned somewhere on the apartment’s floor .
The fact that it would have been on that particular day felt like a lucky charm; not for nothing was he named after the Angel of Thursday, Cassiel.
“Do come in.”
It was wooden, with a speck of blurry glass, and
He took that as a warning, even if he hardly thought he would ever find himself in an unpleasant situation with Sam. Castiel was easy to get along with and had an enviable trait in his personality, he always stayed out of trouble by avoiding conflicts at all costs.
It was easier that way.
It was definitely a manly hand, because it was harsh and faintly hairy.
“I know, it’s shocking to see him so cheerful. When he’s with him, he’s a totally new person. He smiles all the time… I guess Sam’s the only being in the world who’s insane enough to appreciate his company.” Charlie cackled.
“Bradbury;. Mr. Novak is here for you, Mr. Winchester.” said Charlie.
The secretary must have had a liking for showing people around, it seemed. And she never failed to act as if every day was the best one of her life.
He was more of a simple man who enjoyed having a night in with his closest friends, or a dinner at a 25 dollar meal restaurant, nothing more.
He didn’t try to get his arm free from Dean’s grasp, though, it was like he wanted to be held like that.
It was
“That’s right. I examined your article, I have to say I didn’t expect such results. I’ll admit it, I gave you an almost impossible assignment, but your execution of it was impeccable. The way you described the black trench coat, embezzled with shiny sequins… honest to God, I think this could make it front page for this month’s edition of Texan Nights.” Mr. Winchester was now grinning from ear to ear. He then walked up to a bashful Castiel, who was now blushing at the compliments.
Castiel’s breath hitched as Dean whispered in his ear, “You better not make me think back on what I’ve just said. You’re lucky I’m a fun employer because someone else wouldn’t have forgiven you for leaving him lonely.”
Castiel had never seen a picture of Dean before, sure, he was famous, but he had never really cared to see what his - possible - future boss’ face would look like. Besides, he had imagined a sixty-something -year -old, balding man.
From the distance, Cas couldn’t focus on him too much, however, he could see that he was even more elegant than his employees.
“Then I’m sorry to say that his face has been between my legs.” he simply said.
Dean motioned for his now employee to get up so that he could shake his hand firmly.
That Monday, Cas received a phone call; the CEO of the company was interested in his resumé and wanted him to show up for a job interview, which would have taken place that same Thursday at 10 am.
The woman then took him to an elevator and together they went to the fourth floor.
Castiel hadn’t had that kind of human touch in something like a year, since he had broken up with his ex boyfriend, but what he was living in that club was ten times better.
Maybe that would have been his own little payback to the people from his past.
there, and Castiel knew that it could only lead to one thing.
Castiel was sitting right in front of the person he had slept with six days before.
Castiel could feel himself sweat with nervousness every second more; the last time he’d felt like that was when he’d been the valedictorian for his graduation in high school.
He didn’t really think much of the offering, it wasn’t weird to be gifted with some liquor in similar situations. He wondered if he had scored a conquest or something like that.
Dean Winchester?”
Not that he didn’t have a sister; in fact, he was the fifth of twelve children, but none of his sisters had ever been as loving as Meg.
He could make out a slim figure from the small frosted glass frame that belonged to the door, he wondered who it was. Couldn’t be Charlie, since he had seen her at the entrance.
It was time to finally know if he would have carried on his role as a writer for the magazine and Cas was trying his best to steady his breathing, although it wasn’t easy.
“No way, Castiel! You really slept with
“You can go to Ms. Hanscum’s office now. Given she’s the graphic designer, she needs your help on the layout for your article.” said Dean.
Now alone, Castiel examined his workstation; it was neat and smelled like rubbing alcohol. Perfect. He hated to write in a messy and dirty environment, it always managed to erode his concentration.
“If you look out the window, you might just spot them.” said Ruby.
There was also a strong smell of citrus, which came from an ultrasonic fragrance diffuser.
It wasn’t going to be easy, matching trenchcoats and nightlife. Damn, that fucker had basically asked him to deliver the impossible.
“Ah, sure of himself. Let’s see where this leads you, uh? You have one week, starting tomorrow. If you don’t fulfill this request, you’re out.” said Dean, after what felt like an extremely long silence.
He mentally patted himself on the back and stood up, ready to face a possibly angered Dean Winchester.
The tactic was simple, ignoring, no matter how frustrating it got to work with eyes constantly on him, judging him and forcing him to bottle up his frequent writer’s block crisis.
Cas had no idea what kind of man he was if he held resentment over the people who did that.
She made sure to inform Castiel of a nice job opportunity which would have paid him very well, which consisted in working for a famous magazine.
Poor Meg, she was surely worried like crazy, since he had left her alone at the club without a warning.
