Steve sat down on a couch and let out a large shuddering breath through his mouth. He knew he wouldn’t get much information from JARVIS or its creator.
“And that would make me not call the cops because?” Steve asked raising an eyebrow. Something about the eye patch wearing man clad in black and with wings tucked inside his equally black coat was telling Steve that he meant business, not the bad kind though.
What she didn’t even expect was to lose the opportunity to an under qualified civilian. Hawkass laughed for two days when they found who she lost the position to, well for two days until she decked him in the jaw (semantics). The point is; being the highly experienced professional she was Natasha knew something was going on with Stark from that moment itself.
He could hear someone follow him and knew it was his best friend due to the telltale sound of a wing dragging along the floor.
Tony seemed to be contempt at that. They sat there; inside a ridiculously expensive car, eating delicious Mexican food talking about their respective best friends. Steve told the Sam-Bucky love story which Tony listened raptly with a smile. Tony talked about Rhodey and Pepper and a multitude of drunken shenanigans which made Steve tear up from laughing too hard.
So he watched in awe as the red and gold enveloped the genius and transformed into something not less than the pinnacle of scientific brilliance.
“Yeah I have a peeve” there was a tinge of surprise in Tony’s voice which was aimed at Steve that made him feel smug somehow.
Tony seemed to relax and a ghost of a smile graced his lips “Well you know Iron man can repulser blast him in the face right”
Okay he got the job, no idea how but he did after what seems to be the shortest interview ever, so no need to freak out. He took a few more deep breaths and readied himself to meet Mr. Stark, billionaire, Iron man, no big deal, easy as apple pie, right?
Pepper gave Steve a sad smile” I’m sorry, he’s not a bad man, just vary of new people, he’ll turn around once you two get to know each other”
“So how soon can you start working Mr. Rogers?” she asked while carefully placing all the papers inside the portfolio and stood up.
“Thank you” he said in a shaky voice and somehow Tony knew Steve understood that it was for both last night and breakfast.
“I’m not in a position to discuss this matter with anyone”  which was code for ‘my master is stupid and has forbidden me from talking about his well being to others’.
He finished up everything by five and went up to get ready. Steve was chatting animatedly with Happy when Tony got down to the living room.
“Tony?” It was a loud whisper lamented equally with disbelief and sadness that almost sounded like a whimper which made the two of them spring apart as if electrocuted.
“Alright, I will be around more often and I want to keep at it and tell me the second you spot something ok? Can I trust you on that Steve?
There was no denying now, he was attracted to the blond and that there was dangerous territory. Not now he thought, he had a dinner to prepare for and maybe a few hours of rest would help as well.
He was nursing a glass of god knows what at this point when a stranger approached him from the side and Tony was instantly drawn to the blond hair and blue eyes.
The landing was probably the coolest thing he had ever seen. It was his first time seeing Iron man up close despite working for Tony Stark and the armor was really a work of art.
“The core is about to expire sir, I suggest you turn back immediately” JARVIS alerted in a rather stern tone.
“Fine just forget it I’ll behave this time. Who is it? It’s that pretty red head isn’t it” he amended pulling up photos of Miss Natalie Rushman.
When he woke up which was really late than usual, a full assortment of their signature Georgetown breakfast and new clothes had been waiting for him courtesy of one Tony Stark. Steve was getting that familiar prickly feeling he gets when someone spends too much money on him but he wasn’t going to let perfectly good food go to waste.
“I’m not going to apologize to butt-face or his minions” he said leaning back on the wall opposite to them.
Steve gave a barely perceptible nod and Tony surged forward to envelope him in his arms and wings. They just sat there in the bed for eternity for all he knew, him whispering apologies and encouragements and Steve sobbing.
Steve had no idea what happened. To say that he was shocked and confused would be an understatement.
Tony walked out to the bar and proceeded to chug half a bottle of scotch before unceremoniously plopping down on the couch.
So she did the next best thing and got another job inside the Stark tower and started to monitor her target and everyone close to him. Opportunity presented itself when Stark transferred the role of CEO to Pepper Potts. And that’s when she met Steve.
"Okay I admit I have it and No I'm not going to do anything about it" His voice almost sounded weak, almost.
The proceedings for civil and criminal assault is different but for the story's sake i'm going with a mixed system.
He stepped out of the room and closed the door behind him silently. He had kept his calm to help Tony and now it was his turn to fully freak out.
They came to a stop over the bay just to watch the skyline, lights on skyscrapers twinkling like stars across the water. It was a bit chilly and he shivered with the cold wind that passed.
“Undercover?” broken wings chimed up again, visibly very confused and annoyed that he has no idea what’s going on.
“Don’t you have anyone to tell that you won’t be coming home tonight? He knew Steve didn’t have any parents or siblings, a girlfriend or boyfriend maybe? He was really hoping that Steve didn’t.
“Oh I’d would never, not because I know I could never fare with half of Manhattan but because I wouldn’t stoop that low and Good night Mr. Stark hope you sleep well”
His brain stopped working the second he entered the workshop. Everything looked like some complicated contraption from the future albeit the lab being a mess. He just stood there silent for a minute taking it all in feeling dwarfed by the sheer genius of the man standing next to him until his eyes landed on the armor hung up as in display. It was really a work of art more beautiful than before so up close.
Even though he was exhausted, Tony knew he wouldn’t be able to sleep as his brain kept replaying that moment in the workshop, Steve with his hand outstretched and something in his eyes that said deep longing. Tony was the last person Steve should want right now so maybe distance could be the best option.
Tony was holding it together quite fine until the day he saw them walking into his office smiling to each other.
“uh huh” his best friend raised an eyebrow at that but let it go as dramatics and Tony Stark are practically twin siblings “Well it is nice to be appreciated” the man added raising his glass.
“Why do you think i went to art school? but I’ll let you be the judge this time” Steve teased back easily with a smile.
“Yeah it was, was in an orphanage for two years and then Buck got drafted and then discharged early……yeah things were a little tough” Steve had a haunted look in his eyes that somehow made him look older than he was.
Tony was in the common room watching the good captain prepare breakfast for the whole team. He couldn't help but stare at the way he was being so soft and gentle with everyone and everything, a complete contrast to the captain in the field. Well you can't blame tony really, who in their right mind would wake up at five in the morning, go for a run, punch some poor bags to oblivion and walk into the kitchen all ruffled and cute and hand tony his cup of coffee with a smile on their face. Oh don't even get him started on that goddamn smile. So yeah he was staring hopelessly at Steve when something pricked at his throat and he had to jump up and run to the workshop before someone noticed him throwing up goddamn sunflower petals.
“Toxicity is currently two percent. Should I send a thank you note to Mr. Rogers or perhaps a fruit basket?” it was the simple observation that enabled the early detection. Tony would never have realized it until one or more of the later symptoms started showing.
“I don’t know how to explain really but maybe I can show you” he answered while walking closer to Steve.
“Congratulations pepper” Steve couldn’t help but smile back. She was clearly happy as she deserved to be.
“Add the New York Mansion to Steve’s name” Steve would probably hate it but he can’t actually complain to him in person (he would certainly be six feet under by that time of course). He could write something personally to urge the blond to keep it. Tony had rarely known happiness in the time they lived in that house but some of his fondest memories of Jarvis and Ana were associated with it as well. Maybe Steve could move in and raise a family of his own or he could sell it and buy another place.
Honestly i got distracted by the drama-The untamed, its just sooooo good and i'm an idiot or not watching it sooner. I might write a few fics based on this.
So he never asked about Stark’s own expect to JARVIS who vaguely suggested that the issue was taken care of and there was nothing to worry about, which meant that Steve should just drop it. But he couldn’t help but notice the color getting darker with each day and soon the real wings would be distinguishable from the prosthetic ones.
Tony just stared incredulously. The bots were the only things as close to babies he was gonna get, so someone treating them like something more than mild inconveniences was really really nice to see.
He felt stuffy inside the room with all these rich people milling around and stepped out into the hallway which looked deserted. Steve walked up to the base of the stairs trying to get to the balcony when someone grabbed his hand from behind.
“Blood toxicity: twenty four percent. It appears that the continued use of the Iron man suit is accelerating your condition. The core has been depleted”
“Not everything is about you cap” it sounded bitter to Steve’s ears, deliberately hostile. He couldn’t help but be a little hurt at that.
“Don’t flatter yourself Rogers, it’s just nerve damage happens when I’m tired” He defiantly crossed his arms over his chest and added “You’re not half as attractive as the people I’ve had in this house alone”
Steve was having none of it and his voice remained soft. Dammit Rogers why can't you be an asshole when I want you to be "Look Ste-"and he was thrown into a fit again. No surprise there. Roses, fully bloomed red roses only marred by a bit of his blood. They only meant one thing and judging by Steve's expression he knew it too.
Surprisingly or not so surprisingly the man did show up the next day but seemed to have a permanent scowl on his face. It abated a little as time went and as Tony toned down his assholey-ness. The blond proved to be quite efficient at his job and at calling out on Tony’s bullshit just like pepper. So Tony retracted from his decision to fight pepper and maybe buy her a new pair of shoes or maybe ten instead.
Tony opened his mouth in surprise and placed a hand over his chest as if Steve personally offended him “No wonder he’s in pain Steve you’re using subpar equipment. I mean seriously we offer superior everything and you work with me Steve
Steve might sound like a love struck fool sometimes but he was an honest judge of character and Natasha had decided to believe him, which brings her to her current predicament. Tony Stark has serious issues and doesn’t know jack shit on what to do about them.
“I promised him I wouldn’t interfere but it’s getting out of his hands now” her voice had lost that playful essence and sounded so grave, her expression was nothing different. Steve just nodded and sat there staring at the sketch pad in his hands.
The brunette looked offended “You think- I seriously don’t know how to respond to that” Tony crossed his arms across his chest.
Steve couldn’t believe what he was seeing and for a split second he thought it was some intruder inside the elevator. The two men inside were (how should he put this) sucking face without even realizing that the doors were open.
Steve let out a shuddering breath and tried to compose himself. If he goes back like this Bucky will definitely sense something is wrong and would murder Tony in his sleep if he found out. Talking about it with Nat right now would be infinitely better than going back home and dealing with his best friend.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
No that can’t be, he was hiding everything surprisingly well and his symptoms were pretty mild all thanks to the serum. He would still cough up petals but it was rare and dispersed.
“Its fine mam” Steve replied with what he thought would be polite smile but would probably have looked more like a grimace.
His best friend was sitting on the other side of the kitchen table nursing a cup of coffee with his black and white wings half draped on the chair and half on the floor.
Tony was livid judging from the muffled screams of phone conversations Steve could hear from the other room. As much as he could tell the complaint they filed with the Monacan police wasn’t getting anywhere as Hammer and his lackeys had already fled the continent. They would move it to the US jurisdiction. For the first time in his life Steve didn’t feel like fighting. He just wanted to run away and hide.
The hearing was in two days and Steve found himself getting calmer instead of anxious. He firmly believed in justice and the support system of the people he loved also helped plenty. Even Pepper and Natalia were doing everything they could. So he insisted on going back to work even though Tony and Nat downright begged him and threatened him respectively, to take a few days off (paid leave of course).
Steve had struggled a lot while growing up; from various ailments to his mom dying, so trailing behind Tony Stark while the man behaves like a complete ass was not that hard.
“No you can go back to your borough or whatever” Tony was already at the bar and had poured himself a drink. Rogers stood by the door and eyed the glass distastefully but didn’t say anything. He gave a curt nod and left. And suddenly just like that the need for a drink left Tony.
“Tony what’s wrong?” his best friend’s concerned voiced echoed through the penthouse as soon as the call connected.
He hesitated in front of the workshop doors up until he heard what sounded like someone dying from a coughing fit. That’s strange the work shop was supposed to be soundproof, unless.
Tony just stood there on the threshold staring with his mouth open. Both of them startled when the cup fell from Tony’s hands and crashed on the floor.
Tony was watching the whole exchange from the behind the bar, eyes on the blond the entire time. There was nothing remarkable about the blond if you didn’t consider the wingless part but that was more alarming than remarkable. Tony was in no way religious; heck he wouldn’t be caught dead praying to a god of any kind, he wasn’t philosophical either. He was the last person on earth to believe that all that wings were somehow connected to souls bullshit. It had nothing to do with his current predicament either, he used to scoff at those pseudo-scientific theories even before Afghanistan.
As the first measure he apologized (he wasn’t anything if a man of principles) and proceeded to ignore the billionaire for the remainder of the day. He noticed Stark throwing sad glances his way during the meetings but ignored them with a vengeance; yes he was going to be that petty.
Sorry if there are any mistakes and i love hearing from you guys and also am immensely happy that people are inspired by this story to make their own art. Thank you guys.
Thank you lovely people for the kudos and comments. I am so happy to know that you love the idea of Steve's wings. This story is actually a dream i had and had absolutely loved it so i wrote it down.
First of all let me apologize for any of the historical/cultural/geographical inaccuracies as i am not from the US. I did do my fair share of research (if only i did that for my actual research projects)  and sorry if there are any grammatical mistakes, i know how sexy good grammar is.
Sam also congratulated and hugged him while Bucky went to the kitchen to get glasses. Turns out the bottle was expensive champagne which they were now sipping from coffee mugs because Steve and his best friend didn’t find the need to buy any other kind of glasses and waste money as they rarely drank anything other than beer inside the apartment.
The dinner was pleasant. Rhodey came as promised and along with pepper, Happy and Steve it was great. He forgot that he was dying for a few hours. All through the night his best friend kept glancing across the table and then back at Tony, he didn’t know what that was about but didn’t bother with finding out.
So its the death Anniversary of us Fans today (tomorrow for my side of the world) . can you believe it has been one year since Endgame. :( :(
"Ah" Steve gave a knowing nod and sat back in beside tony while handing him a cup "couldn't sleep" he whispered as of an answer to Tony's earlier inquiry.
Even after Tony placed Steve on the bed he clung to him like a limpet so he decided to stay. The blond kept sobbing softly and eventually fell asleep from the exhaustion.
Everything was going okay until the defendant started accusing Tony of not being sound of mind and the whole case being a ploy by Stark industries to save their dropping Stock values.
Steve paced back and forth not knowing what to do. He went into the kitchen to help himself to a glass of water hoping it would calm his nerves.
Tony just raised one of his brows at a nearby camera for that particular answer. He got a fairly decent medical facility on the tower itself. So he ate his lunch which was set out by his assistant and tried not to think about not offering the man any because the rudeness was deliberate, tinkered a little after and drew some of his blood himself to send it off for testing.
Here is another chapter and this is by far my favorite. The whole story actually stems from this idea.
There was a lull in the conversation where the two of them were simply grinning looking at each other. Something about the whole thing felt so profound to Steve, like seeing a rare miracle or like something that shouldn’t be happening is somehow happening. Something quite unexplainable.
Ever since the blood work came back with the news of palladium poisoning JARVIS had been nagging him to take those awful green smoothies that can theoretically chelate the ions. Well he couldn’t blame JARVIS exactly because he himself refused to go within ten feet of a doctor.
She strode confidently in with her beautiful wings almost on display, true to the statement everyone in the room was staring appreciatively at her, even pepper.
As much as he was worried he trusted Nat’s judgment so he was going to let it go for now besides, Steve Rogers was a gentleman, he would always respect other people’s choices as long as they were not super villains.
“I’m gonna be a dick again and ask you to pack up for tomorrow” he looked to Steve’s face bracing himself for an outburst but the blond didn’t even bat an eyelash “Where are we going?” he asked instead.
“Employee……of course. okay I’ll get ready” Steve replied with the blankest face he could conjure as if what Tony said didn’t faze him.
It was breaking his heart to see Steve like this. He fished out his phone to quickly dial Happy and scooped Steve up in a bridal carry after it. Steve just clung to his shoulders, pressing his face to Tony’s chest in an effort to hide. They got out through the back exit, Tony carrying Steve the whole time. Happy
She followed him all the way to the apartment and both of them were greeted by a mildly worried Bucky and Sam. Even though he was barely functioning he noticed Sam freeze up the moment he laid eyes on the person behind him.
Even in his drunken stupor Tony understood that Happy wasn’t pleased. He dropped them by the garage of the tower and left without a word.
What he didn’t expect was the genius’s offer to take him flying. Steve agreed despite the worries because it would be lying if he said that he wasn’t excited at the prospect himself.
Tony was already half drunk by the time he stumbled out of the car into another dingy bar downtown because he got kicked out of the last one.
Tony recognized it as an obvious ploy to steer the subject away from Steve but indulged the other man anyway. He didn’t know exactly how to answer that question given that Steve had never flown for even a day in his life.
Steve narrowed his eyes as if he could see right through that lie, well half lie but seemed to relax after a few seconds. The other man turned to stare out the window with a forlorn look. This wasn’t the first time Steve would get like this, as if the weight of the world was resting on his shoulders.
Then he met Peggy and love was not exactly unrequited, but everything went to hell when he decided to take a plunge in the Arctic. Everybody knows that story but what no one knows is that since waking up and finding something to live for in the 21st century, Steve Rogers actually managed to fall in love again.
He got back in the car and sped off as fast as he could from there ignoring Steve’s wince and several red lights. Well he was angry at Steve. They were not friends yet but were certainly getting there and things were so good between them. God people were disappointing, that’s why he loved machines, they don’t piss you off by being an ass to someone who was only trying to help. By the looks of it a lot of things were getting broken in the workshop tonight.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
He was pretty sure the talk was going to be awkward for him and Bucky would probably not live it down till the end of time.
“Okay that came out wrong, I’m sorry what I meant was, believe it not I want yo-my employees to have nice things. Ask pepper I buy her shoes all the time and I see you accepted the fruit basket”
He felt a fluttering behind him and turned around to see his wings spread high across each side of his shoulders. He placed a hand to his mouth and gasped, eyes going wide at the realization that he was indeed presenting, that too at a photo.
Tony immediately had to stifle an amused laugh that threatened to escape him. He managed to cover it by placing his fisted palm across his mouth. Here was a five foot four, ninety-ish pound man who he is paying to be his assistant by the way, telling to his face that he was an asshole.
“Oh this was with them” Bucky said and extended an envelope towards him which Steve grabbed and opened immediately to reveal an ornate card.
Someone led him to the room where the other candidates were waiting. He sat down at the far end smiling at them. Some of them politely smiled back. As his eyes roamed across the room he realized that most of the people had something wrong with their wings, most were veterans, he could guess from their posture.
Steve had watched with a pounding heart when Bucky would lean unnecessarily closer to the edge when they were sitting on the roof or when he took too long to cross the road during heavy traffic or when his eyes lingered on sharp objects. He had watched with extreme sorrow and helplessness how Bucky had drank his nights away and wasted his days curled up on the couch. He had tried to push Steve to the limits with all his might and tried the same with Sam.
The other man walked around and stopped near the latest armor hung from the ceiling and ran his nimble fingers along the edges.
Captain America doesn’t mope, nope no he doesn’t no matter what Natasha says, he doesn’t at all but Steve Rogers certainly does ugly cry. Whenever he happens to get a glimpse of Tony ignoring him; not even sparing him a passing glance, he cries, he cries because he is heartbroken.
Despite the intimidating presence, James or Rhodey or platypus as Tony often called him turned out to be a very pleasant man. Their conversation took an embarrassing turn for Steve when Tony started ranting about how amazing an assistant Steve was. The colonel had a peculiar look on his face which Steve couldn’t place and practically didn’t care because he would’ve burst into flames if Happy hadn’t interrupted them.
He went into the bed room to get one last look in the mirror. The shirt and trousers did belong to Steve but the jacket was Bucky’s. Everything about him screamed desperate fresher but Steve Rogers never backed down without a fight so he steadied himself by taking a deep breath and walked out the door.
And also if the space bar and F key of my keyboard barely work so if you find it odd that i miss a lot of those that's the reason.
So maybe, Tony stark did fall in love a lot of times that too with people who never loved him back but not this time. Not this time.
“Welcome home Sir and Congratulations on the opening ceremony it was such a success as was your senate hearing and may I say how refreshing it is to finally see you in a video with your clothing on Sir” Jarvis said amusedly playing a video of the mentioned hearing on a screen.
, some argued that there is some kind of arbitrary science behind it. Tony usually ignored it, why would he waste his precious time thinking about a silly disease, besides he was above unrequited love. Yeah mostly the second reason, well until now. If the bright yellow flowers he just coughed up is any indication, he is in trouble, one big super soldier sized trouble.
During the entire press conference and returning home debacle, his wings were in bandages and casts. Tony knew they were not gonna be pretty after what they went through but what he saw were not what he expected.
“How did-…….never mind; as a matter of fact the redhead in question will be working in the SI offices, right now I would like you to come meet your new PA, Steve Rogers” pepper said placing her hands on Tony’s back and pushing him towards the elevators.
“oh…..no…..Mr. St-Tony I can’t possibly- Steve started to stutter out but Tony cut him off before he could finish.
A high pitched whine made the other man jump and turn around to see Dum-E extending his claw inquisitively at the new face. The blond looked to Tony as for an explanation to what was happening.
Steve was still standing in the exact same spot staring at the door when Bucky came in literal seconds later asking him what happened. Steve waved Bucky off as always, he was not going to make his best friend worry until he can make heads or tails of the situation.
The other man gave a horrified nod and scrambled back up the stairs the second Tony let go. . It was misplaced anger but useful nonetheless and hopefully that would be the end of Greg from downstairs
Tony had to stifle a laugh. Steve was smart and his choice of words was good, if it were anything else JARVIS would probably have been offended.
He set both the card and envelope on the table and turned to get ready. Looks like this wasn’t going to be his day off after all.
. He simply lay there in his huge expensive bed alone. The thing is he didn’t mean it, not even a single word. It was like a reflex, like a knee jerk reaction that he does whenever it feels like he put too much of himself out there but didn’t intent to. It was one of those moments; Steve was being terribly endearing, he had proven to be one of the most amazing people Tony had ever seen so how could he not want that.
Tony opened the face plate “Yeah” he answered not really looking at the lights anymore and he realized this moment holds more weight than any other in the forty years of his life.
“It’s Tony stark, Buck. I’m allowed to be a little nervous” Steve stopped pacing anyway and slid down onto the chair opposite to Bucky.
Steve was greeted by heartbreaking screams of anguish. One look at Stark and he knew what was happening. He had seen it before when Bucky would scream and sob and tear the bed sheets apart, Steve would hold him and help him and sometimes ice a few bruises he got on the process as well. It was better to leave Stark alone and not wake him but he billionaire was thrashing so violently scratching at his chest. Steve called aloud to the sobbing man a few times but to no avail so he carefully reached out to nudge the other man’s arm and the brunet woke up with an even louder scream. Steve immediately wrapped himself around the genius and tried talking to him gently.
The other man didn’t even wait for a reply; he just strode out through the door as if he owned the place. Steve was positively confused with everything that was happening but he was sure of one thing that all this is going to end up in a killer headache for him.
“First of all stop calling me Mr. Stark. Mr. Stark was my dad and it kinda gives me the heebie jeebies sometimes so call me Tony. Second of all at least keep the suit for the expo?” Tony was surprised by the hopefulness in his own voice.
She directed him to the couch on the living room and handed him a glass of water that seemingly materialized out of thin air. He doesn’t have the time to gape at that.
“Oh……His wings got broken on the last tour” Steve said, his blue eyes intense on Tony’s. The moving neon lights from the sign boards sparkled off of them.
An early update to make ya'll a bit happy. Thank you again for the comments and kudos, i cant say this enough.
“You!! I swear to god I’ll dismantle you, I’ll soak your motherboard, I’ll turn you into a Wine rack” all empty threats really but the bot gave a sad whine and lowered its claws nonetheless.
Steve knew that was the most Bucky was going to put out there as a sign of approval so he smiled a little and reached across the counter to grab the other man’s hand and managed to give it a gentle squeeze “Thank you”
“I don’t think it would be worth it. He is kind of a dick.” Steve hid his face behind his cup. There was a distinct sound of something being dropped on the kitchen floor and Sam came rushing after a few seconds. Bucky sat up straight from his place on the couch.
Steve Rogers was not the first man that Tony had seen without a pair flying appendages. Yinsen didn’t have any but they were broken off by the terrorists that imprisoned them. The other few people he came across had lost theirs because of grave accidents. Then why was this five foot five, gawky man bothering him? May be a small part of him; the same part that would tell him that his own soul was broken and tainted, believed it too.
He made himself a cup of hot chocolate and decided to curl up on the couch with a book. He couldn’t focus on the book at all and his mind started to wander off thinking about what he did wrong. He was so out of it, didn’t even hear the elevator come up and was startled by a voice.
Steve must’ve been blushing furiously as Happy took pity on him and only did what he was told. Once again Steve was left alone with his thoughts.
Tony laughed half hysteric half ‘why did I program my AI like this’ and that was the exact moment one of his bots chose to mess up the counter.
Apparently there are things even the great Tony stark couldn’t do. He build a kind of prosthesis to cover up most of the damage and that’s all it was and all it could be, a cover up. He could never fly again. As stubborn as he was he refused to admit defeat, instead shifted his focus on the armor. The primary function of any wing is to fly of course so a suit of armor that can do just that isn’t much different and if it comes equipped with long range missiles and repulsors, that’s nobody’s business. And so Iron Man was born, like a phoenix rising out of its ashes. His flames burned down his captors, freed a village and he didn’t even look back. He should have because may be he would’ve seen Stane’s betrayal coming, may be.
He felt guilty as soon as the words left his mouth but was too stubborn to take back it back or apologize or even spare Stark a glance. Tony’s outburst opened up a ton of his insecurities that he tried hard every day to bury deep, about his appearance, lack of wings and a million other things. He felt a familiar prickling in his eyes, God he was about to cry
He placed the reactor back in and took in a deep long breath. Before Tony could answer Steve grabbed him by the arms and gently hoisted him up.
Steve would happily take Tony’s side in this one especially when the people on the other side are sleazebags like Senator Stern and Justin Hammer who have this amazing ability to make his skin crawl just by thinking about them.
When everyone settled down Steve looked among the people deliberately avoiding the other side that seemed to have a lot more people than necessary. Natasha was there. Pepper couldn’t make it as she was currently on the other side of the planet. But the person the really wanted beside him was nowhere to be seen.
“yeah bout dat, that little shit is proving to be even more stubborn than you so” She stopped as if expecting Steve to finish the sentence and her lips quirked up in a small smile.
Oh…..there was someone. “There’s a nice deli just down this road, if it’s okay you can call while i get us dinner” They exited New York a while back and was now driving down the I-95.
I will be taking a break from MCU after finishing this story and will be focusing on MDZS/the untamed. If anyone has not seen it yet i urge you to please go watch, it's really good.
“I’m sorry Steve” It was all he could manage to say before turning back to the tower. Steve looked confused and worried but didn’t say anything.
The sight that welcomed him wasn’t something he expected. He was used to a cluttered work shop or as Tony calls it organized chaos but this, this was horrifying. The floors were covered in bloody petals and when his eyes finally rested on something on the screen; something else, something entirely new broke in Steve’s heart, a will, Tony was preparing his will.
“As I do not have AID and currently alive and kickin, I’m gonna go out on a limb and say heavy metal poisoning” he scoffed.
"Tony please "Steve was begging now, eyes filled to the brim with tears threatening to fall any moment. If the ground had any intention of swallowing him whole this would be the right time. Maybe he is weak, he can never stand watch the people he love hurt but he is never one for direct communication. Right now is not the moment to hide, right now his heart aches for Steve and he thinks to hell with it and blurts out
The next thing that happened was something that Steve wouldn’t even dream of, never in a million years. Camellias, Tony was coughing out petals upon petals of beautiful camellias. He froze in horror when he saw the blood spotting the edges of the petals, realization hit a second later, Tony was in love but whoever that lucky little shit was, didn’t love him back. Steve’s momentary distraction allowed tony to pick up all the petals and turn, but before he could, Steve caught him. He had to know.
“I’m a hundred percent not qualified or this job, they’re not even gonna let me past the lobby” the blond said looking down at his shoes with a sad smile.
Steve knew he messed up big time when he saw Tony’s crestfallen face as he drove away. Well you see Steve was used to these little fist fights with Greg, the man was scum and really enjoyed beating him up but this time he didn’t want Tony to see that. There was no telling what Greg would do if he realized it was Tony Stark. He didn’t want Tony to deal with that on account of him and with all these people with phones walking about, it really wasn’t worth it.
The man stood up and walked over “I have my ways” He stood directly in front of Steve with a stern look and continued “I’m a busy man Mr. Rogers so let me get straight to the point. Are you willing?”
Then Steve turned his head and was looking up at him with such open adoration in his eyes that Tony found it impossible to look away. His face moved closer on its own volition and he felt Steve’s hands wound around his neck tighten in response. It wouldn’t take much to close the remaining few inches between them and oh how badly he wanted to do that.
To Steve’s abundant displeasure, the Grand Prix was a much publicized event and so his wardrobe was provided courtesy of SI stylists. For once he was happy to trail behind Tony and Pepper among snotty billionaires who had too much money to throw around.
“Sure” with that Sam rode off leaving Steve alone on the pavement to calm himself down once again. With a new found burst of courage he walked in through the door of stark tower.
“It’s okay Steve, I have no right in meddling in your neighborhood and stuff” the other man tried to wave him off.
They say wings are the extension of our souls, something that lets us soar through the heavens while we are still living. Tony used them for more than flight. His wings fascinated men and women alike. It was equal to owning a flashy sports car or an island in the Mediterranean; not that he didn’t own both of those, more than one actually. His wings were a subject of pride. Flash a side here or flutter some feathers there, was all the flirting he needed on a good day and they would just follow him anywhere.
He was anxiously waiting for Nat to come back so he could ask her and get a sense of what happened or go down and talk to tony, himself. When she finally came back after an eternity or a few minutes; whatever, he jumped up and cornered her.
That got Steve sputtering incomprehensible things while looking down at his feet. She only smirked harder.
Every time he looks over at Steve she is right there next to him, their heads almost touching while leaning down to look at some documents or simply talking in faint mumbles near the coffee machine. That’s fine really, it’s just work but he had also noticed them go out a few times and she would give a sly smile whenever Steve shuts down Tony’s bullshit.
Tony didn’t feel like suggesting otherwise so he just nodded and moved to sit down. He didn’t know how much time had passed until he had sat there staring at the wall. Perhaps a few hours, perhaps seconds or perhaps an eternity. It stopped being relevant a long time ago.
“Mute” That was the last thing Tony wanted, making the people he love worry about him. Until (or ‘if’ really who was he kidding) he could find a cure no one has to know and after that maybe he will casually inform them that he was dying and deal with the repercussions then.
That got his attention and the genius swirled around to face his assistant. The blond was holding all the things that had been delivered this morning to him.
He extended an armored hand towards Steve and as the blond was about to take it, Tony just scooped him up in his arms instead. Steve grabbed on to his shoulders with a small yelp.
“Wait, how do you know Steve’s work friend Sam?” the man with the broken wings asked a bit quieter probably realizing Steve was trying to sleep in the other room.
Jesus, were these people angry at him for what happened to Steve. Even though a part of him did blame himself it would be devastating to hear it from the two people Steve loved the most.
Steve tried to fight back as much as his frail body would allow but he couldn’t hold out long. He doesn’t even want to think about what would’ve happened if Tony hadn’t arrived in time. He would breakdown again if he did.
“We are going back to the tower” she said, her eyes fixed on the dead fork and Steve suddenly felt afraid for Tony.
He wasn’t sure who pounced on whom, they were kissing by the time the elevator reached the penthouse and opened in near silence.
So he asked. His voice sounded weak even for him but he had to know, it didn’t matter that the great Captain America was reduced to pleading. He needed to know.
Steve was hurt, a few words from Tony were worse than years of rude comments from everyone he ever knew but he wasn’t going to let that get him down. It was clear from last night what Stark really thought, so he was going to be the PA and nothing more.
“Yeah……I……I’m fine” Steve gave a small smile and looked away. Tony watched his gaze fall on the Iron man armor on one of the work benches.
Athira and her team were freaking out a bit because their prime witness had not arrived yet. Bucky and Sam kept throwing worried glances at Steve and the door. Natasha looked unfazed as ever until the moment they were about to call for the only witness. She was about to walk out when the doors burst open and Tony sauntered in true Tony Stark fashion.
Things got better after Bucky and since growing up, the number of people who openly scowled at him got lesser as the modern world didn’t care about much. By the looks of it Tony stark was not that modern at least when it came to wings.
It was pepper’s way of comforting Tony from what he lost, that he was not the only one. He appreciated her effort to understand and help and that was exactly why he agreed in the first place. But that didn’t mean he had to like the people themselves, if anything it only made him feel more miserable. But now Pepper had one upped herself and went out and got an assistant, a man with no fucking wings. No goddamn soul.
The next few weeks were all sorts of torture. Tony made himself scarce from anywhere the other Avengers might be and busied himself with SI and his own projects. Natasha was glaring daggers whenever he happened to cross her path of sight and had to physically shoo her away whenever she suggested surgery. Bruce and Clint tried coaxing him to go out with everyone with various offers ranging from food to science. Pepper and Rhodey were worried and constantly tried to get him to talk. The worst was Steve who would throw worried or sad glances at Tony whenever he resurfaced from his self-allotted exile. In the meantime Tony was coughing up a full-fledged flower assortment in his workshop. Slightly blood stained complete camellias and a new addition of rose petals were all over the floor and breathing was getting difficult by the day. Okay maybe he was dying now.
Steve muttered a quick sorry and tried to slide past Greg. The other man just caught his hands yanked hard, grabbed a hold of Steve’s collar and yelled right in his face.
“Of course she called, from the middle of a very important meeting by the way. You think I watch these shit”
Steve visibly relaxed; thankfully they were still on the first name basis. He gave a small smile “It was fine……Tony I’m really sorry for yesterday”
A part of him was convinced that Tony’s whole disappearance act had something to do with him. That paranoid part wouldn’t let him eat or sleep. By the second day or third as it was three in the morning, after much tossing and turning in the bed he decided, to hell with it and get something from the kitchen. He hoped that no one would be awake at this time as most of the Avengers had awful sleep schedules. Can’t blame them either, nightmares were not something in short supply in their line of work.
“Come on platypus is it really the first time?” he asked with a self -deprecating chuckle while rummaging around for a glass. “Okay so then what were you doing with the XL version of Steve?” There was no humor in Rhodey’s voice this time and Tony knew he was being as serious as he can be.
I'm so sorry this took so much time, sleep deprived science researcher here and my PC was giving me a hard time. This chapter is a Steve POV nobody asked for but I'm giving you nonetheless so please enjoy. once again kudos and comments are much appreciated.
Tony was out of the car and by Steve’s side in seconds “Hey hey ……it was a mistake, no need to call names” he was desperately trying to pry the man’s hands away from Steve’s collar.
“I’m not sure it’s a good idea” Steve said looking a little apprehensive yet the little glint in his eyes gave him away.
Steve knew he wasn’t at a place where he could make such a demand but he was desperate enough not to let the love of his life die. Tony seemed to think in a similar sense as evidenced by his reply. Tony’s body language was telling Steve to back off but he wasn’t backing down without a fight or just more pleading this time.
He was a little irritated to watch the flirtatious banter Tony had going on with the woman, Marshal? Michelle? Doesn’t matter. It was all fun and games until she extended a subpoena in Tony’s direction. The billionaire was rubbing his fore head with two fingers not knowing what to do so Steve decided to take it out of her hand.
He knew the engineer was still upset when he flew to Malibu the night itself in the armor and send a jet for Steve in the morning instead. He was not used to feeling guilty but this was somehow eating away at him. He kept fidgeting during the whole flight which did not go unnoticed by Pepper who was flying in with him.
This was a lot to take in for Steve at the moment. His mind kept replaying the moment he saw Tony yank that thing out of his chest.
Realization dawned on Steve’s face immediately at Tony’s inquiry “Could you please stop the car, I need to make a call”
“I shall ask right away Mr. Rogers” Steve just stood there waiting looking at the ceiling and pulling at the hem of his jacket not knowing what else to do. A few minutes later JARVIS called his name not to startle Steve and get his attention but Steve jumped anyway.
Rogers just gave a tight smile “I really need the money Mr. Stark”. The blond dutifully dived back in to the papers at hand.
He still wasn’t sure about his boss hating him for having no wings as the man himself tried to avoid any topic remotely relating to them like a cat that saw water.
That shut Tony up from his ranting. Well that was a fair enough reason. Stark tech was the best out there but it probably wouldn’t be affordable for someone like Steve or his friend even with military funding.
Inside him, Steve’s heart was thundering away but he only felt numb. From his seat he braved a glance at Tony and saw the man’s knuckles turn white with the force he was gripping the sunglasses in his hands which proved to be too much and it shattered.
Tony slowly walked in gathering up the demolished remains of his cup forgetting his earlier panic and sat down on one of the stools. This close there was no evidence of anything on Steve. God he must be hallucinating now.
Steve jumped back and squinted his eyes to try and make out the dark figure supposedly sitting on the chair in the corner. Before he could say anything, the other man switched on the table lamp near him.
He had to admit, he was blindsided the first day but was fully prepared to take whatever the other man threw at him from the next day onward. To Steve’s surprise their second interaction was very polite which left Steve blinking his eyes in disbelief for a few seconds.
JARVIS turned to his task wordlessly. Tony took back the previously thrown screwdriver and fidgeted with it.
He purposefully sat away from Tony but could see the man in the corner of his eyes. Everyone had a great time and was laughing at the silly things each of them shared. Steve noticed Tony lean back and watch everyone with a melancholy smile for a few seconds and then proceeded to tap on his glass to get their attention. The table went silent and everyone except Steve were eyeing the soon to be former CEO as if they should be ready to roll their eyes any second at what he is about to say.
It was evening by the time they got to Steve’s apartment in Brooklyn. The sun was almost gone. When they reached the front of the apartment Steve turned to him and smiled. It was one of those loopy smiles Tony liked.
He jumped a little when Jarvis announced that Tony was coming up. The genius looked a little worse for wear. His wings still had the dye and prosthetics but were drooping on either side clearly stating that the man was exhausted.
“Oh stop looking at me like you want to murder me in my sleep, Stark is not my type” she said as soon as they reached her car.
Tony’s blood froze at the scene before him “You fucking bastard” he lunged at the Russian and managed to land a punch to his face. The man scrambled away and disappeared into the corridor. Tony dropped the plan to go after him for helping Steve who was still on the floor.
Steve could swear she was finding this all very amusing from that little glint in her eyes. He huffed half amused himself half annoyed and just let it go for now.
All Nick Fury or so the man says managed to do was disrupt his sleep.  He was plagued by the questions about Shield or sword or whatever, Tony Stark, Iron man, the agent and himself. After much tossing and turning he fell asleep somewhere around four in the morning.
I'm extremely sorry about these erratic updates but I'm trying by best to not be the master procrastinator that i am. Thank you lovely people for the kudos and sorry for the mistakes. Enjoy.
Steve raised his head to look up and saw Tony’s face staring back and his heart started beating so fast Steve almost thought it had malfunctioned.
The angle was not quite right but he wouldn’t trade it for the world. It was a soft, delicate press of theirs lips. Steve’s were a little chaffed by the wind but it didn’t matter. It felt like finally coming home. It was more perfect than he could ever imagine and he guessed they made a really nice image; Iron man, head bend and kissing someone, hovering above the water with shining lights behind them.
For a hot second there he let himself believe that Tony Stark: genius, billionaire, playboy actually wanted him. He couldn’t believe he let himself be this stupid. Tony wasn’t wrong why would anyone want Steve, he didn’t even have a soul.
The sick men; let’s face it anyone who hurts innocent people in the name of anything are sick, they would pull out feather after feather while laughing hysterically like it’s some sort of amusing sport. It served the dual purpose of breaking his spirit and grounding him without a chance of any escape. But being the genius he is Tony invented a flying suit of armor and flew towards his freedom without the help of a pair of wings minus one particular man he had come to consider as a close friend and mentor. Yinsen.
It was about six in the evening when Steve woke up from the small nap he took in hopes of setting his thoughts straight. He took a much needed long hot shower and put on some (nicer than what he normally wears) clothes. It wasn’t much just a light blue button up and black trousers, something suitable for dinner with friends.
“Steve? What’s wrong?” the red head asked while letting Steve inside the apartment. Even though he was a panting nervous wreck and jittered all over the place, Steve noticed Nat tuck something that suspiciously looked like a gun behind her back.
“Steve, remember what I said” She stopped as if she wasn’t supposed to say it out loud and continued after a sigh.
Must be bad karma or all the years of being the merchant of death had warranted him the wrath of the universe because the one thing that is keeping him alive was also killing him.
"They appear to be sunflower petals sir. They are thought to symbolize warmth and adoration" the trusty AI replied.
“To my house in Malibu, we’ve got things to do” Tony somewhat succeeded in hiding the mild astonishment in his voice.
Tony lost all interest to work so he went to bed instead. He was too exhausted lately a symptom he failed to pick up.
“I suppose you would need better assistants” he knew he got the job because of Tony and if Pepper is CEO there would be no need for someone like him. May be someone with fancy degrees could takeover instead.
Steve was standing with Tony near the bar while the other man was getting a drink. He wasn’t paying much attention and when he turned around the genius was staring at him.
“Any one would be lucky to have you Tony” he let an affectionate smile slip and then Tony was on the floor spitting out more roses with more blood than before. He could see Tony struggling to get air into his lungs as he leaned heavily on Steve, it felt as if the last of his life was leaving his body. Steve felt so helpless, hot tears sprung up in his eyes.
The genius’s answers to Steve’s questions were vague and the only thing he understood was that Tony needed rest immediately.
“Trust me on this one Rogers when its time you’d be the first one tony would come to” with that she turned around and walked away.
Tony closed his eyes and breathed in slowly, maybe it was time to accept his fate. The chances of him coming out of this alive were getting lower by the minute.
“Are you kidding me Steve, you think SI wouldn’t support an employee that got harmed that too during a company venture”
“Sir has also stated that you could take the rest of the day off Mr. Rogers” okay if that wasn’t a 'get out of my hair' Steve didn’t know what was. So he agreed eagerly. JARVIS alerted when the delivery came and Steve got it and set it down in the kitchen according to the AI’s instructions.
He didn’t know whether he should be insulted or grateful. Any way he couldn’t accept these, maybe the fruit basket but the rest had to go. Bucky was never going to stop teasing him about this. He rubbed a hand over his forehead in annoyance.
Okay, Oh boy this was bad "None of your business Rogers" yup the last straw. Steve's eyes were glazed over now. Tony had to get out before he had to witness the dreadful sight of Steve crying. His heart is already too fragile, so he bolts out of the room.
“Purposes” Pepper parroted back with a questioning look. He slid back down as smooth as he could and nodded while hiding his face in the pretense of taking a sip.
Steve was reluctant to speak up as he knew Tony was still upset. The brunette must have noticed and spoke up instead.
“You don’t have to if you’re not up or it Steve” his best friend voiced sensing the faint change in Steve’s tone.
“uhhh…..Yeah” Tony said narrowing his eyes. It certainly wouldn’t even come in the top twenty of weirdest things he’d done.
“Take a seat Mr. Rogers” The woman, Pepper Potts said not taking her eyes of the computer screen and extending her hand to take the portfolio from Steve. She had soft grey wings and sat with a confidence equal to Miss Rushman from a few hours ago. She had the air of someone you could easily trust and Steve found himself relaxing a little.
Tony was somewhere along that spectrum. But to Steve the past Bucky and the present Tony were the same; men who had lost hope.
Steve seemed to calm down at the response and gave a grateful smile which looked good on the blond. Steve should smile more…… and he himself should think why his brain was supplying these kinds of stupid thoughts about his assistant cause
Tony plastered on a fake smile mid scowl and turned towards Steve only giving the blond a short nod “Nice to meet you Mr. Rogers, now I need a drink” he turned to look back to pepper with an angry smile ignoring Steve’s out stretched hand and just walked away. Pepper just sighed and shook her head.
Was he ready for this? Maybe not. But he was Steve Rogers, he won’t go down without a fight not when he had all these great people beside him.
He sounded serious so Steve agreed not really understanding what his friend actually meant by it. He took a shower after the call had ended and came back to a relatively dark room. He could’ve sworn the blinds were open when he left. Steve felt a sense of déjà vu wash over him and looked to the darkest corner on instinct.
He was pouring every bit of energy left into helping Steve. One last act of righteousness before he…..
They were going over some things about the expo late in the evening of the fifth day when Tony made a joke about Steve being the first one to last this far. Something about it rubbed him the wrong way. It was probably the insinuation brought by that comment that Stark was being a jerk to Steve on purpose.
“I think I’ll ask him myself” that was not the answer he was looking for, looks like he has to pry it out of Tony himself after all.
When Tony didn't reply he continued in a softer voice "You don't want to tell me who it is, fine I get it but you're dying so please get the surgery Tony"
The blond was silent after that; behaving like an actual paid employee would, straight to the point and uncaring about their boss’s feelings. Tony would be lying if he said that he didn’t miss their usual friendly banter but this was for Steve’s own good.
“I can take care of myself Tony” Steve cut him off with an enraged look and an equally aggrieved tone.
So a wingless man with an art degree and barely any experience huh, that’s who the assistant of Tony Stark is going to be…… if he comes to work tomorrow that is. Tony was very angry, at who? His unfortunate new assistant? Pepper?  Oh he is definitely going to go ballistic on her the next time they meet. He threw a screwdriver across the work table in frustration.
The redhead quirked a perfectly immaculate eye brow at that. Steve could also feel a bit of tension behind those words.
Everything came crashing down and he was really overwhelmed so he let himself cling to Steve’s shoulders and cry.
He was having a mini breakdown on his bed and failed to notice the cup of coffee on the night stand. When he finally did, gulped it down in one go and gathered his courage to venture into the kitchen.
“I’ll explain everything” the other man amended and that was her signal cue to escape if she didn’t want to be part of a very awkward conversation. It was clear that the other man doesn't know what his boyfriend does for a living.
The bald man was walking around the apartment with his hands clasped around his back, taking in everything inside the room. He oozed intimidation from every pore.
Steve walked a few steps backwards facing Tony and turned around in quick succession only to crash onto a man that just walked out the front door. Tony winced when Steve fell to the ground along with some of the things the other man was holding.
They sat across a table; Steve slumped on his chair and Nat a bit more relaxed than usual. Half way through the meal which Steve barely touched, Natasha spoke up again “Steve. What did Tony do?”
The moment it was announced that the court was adjourned for three days on account of the new witness, his lawyers and friends escorted him out the room.
On her walk back to the car, she thought of Stark. They had to deliver the things they found from the archives tomorrow along with the antidote. Even if she loathe to agree it, Steve was a good friend perhaps her only friend in the outside world so if anybody hurts him……..…Nat was ready to cut a bitch.
Tony was off to the air field for his dramatic entrance while the two of them made their way to the expo. Steve decided to check out some of the pavilions till it was time for Iron man to literally drop out of the sky. There wasn’t really anything he had to do as an assistant as Tony was only giving the key note speech. When it was time Steve made his way back stage.
Loud, obnoxious, arrogant, jerk….……….…secretly kind, compassionate, genius, beautiful and wonderful man that is Tony Stark. His best friend from the future.
Steve is confused for a second and then his expression morphs into something of shock, blinking away the tears.
“Oh shut up, you secretly love this” Sam said waving a hand in Steve’s general direction. It was clear that he still hasn’t registered where the blond was. Too busy laying all his attention on his boyfriend.
He knew he couldn't hide it for long. There were two super spies currently living with him for gods sake. Nat is already onto him, it won't be long till she figures it out and confronts him.
“You’ve got a delivery, come and open it grumpy cat” Bucky got off the bed and walked into the living room knowing that Steve would follow.
“None of your business Rogers” Tony sounded angry now and he just stomped off without even looking back.
Tony’s reply was actually a surprise, it was a man. Steve knew, from the S.H.I.E.L.D files and the countless news reports that Tony dated both men and women but what surprised him was that this person who was probably going to be permanent if Tony gets his head out of his ass, was a man and not some beautiful woman as he pictured in his mind.
"But I do love you Tony" He pressed a gentle chaste kiss on Tony's lips still smiling. It was like breathing new life into him or so that's what it felt like for Tony.
Steve pressed his palms to his eyes and let out a breath through his mouth in an attempt to control the myriad of betrayal, jealousy and agony swirling through his mind. He narrated everything that happened between them from the beginning. The red head didn’t even twitch an eye brow through the whole thing.
“And that’s what you do isn’t it Mr. Stark, throw money at everything. I don’t know if you know this but it doesn’t mean shit how much money you have if all you are, is just an asshole” the blond raised a defiant chin at Tony and stood his ground.
"We need to talk Tony" Steve's eyes were wandering around the workshop taking in the sight of all the blood stained flowers and finally stopped at the display of the will. Tony quickly closed it but it was too late.
This fic will probably have at least two extra chapters from what is shown. I hope that's not an inconvenience.
Oh god. He and Steve had slept together. He sat up in a flash, hands going to his chest immediately. The reactor was covered, there was no way Steve could’ve seen it but……..but his wings. He had the prosthesis off last night. Steve must’ve been disgusted by them.
He was trying really hard but miserably failing to focus on a sketch he was working on when Natasha walked into his room.
“Steve you really should be used to this by now” Tony said with a smirk while he opened the car door and got in behind the wheel.
The brunette was about to give up when he heard muffled screams from somewhere. He followed the noises and almost fell over from what he saw.
“It’s just lunch” the brunette dismissed his friend not wanting to address the actual meaning of that question.
“Umm……let her in” he wiped his grease stained palms on the side of his jeans covered legs and looked over his shoulders at the door a bit worried if he should run and hide after glimpsing Pepper’s furious stride into the workshop.
“Come on, I promise to not violate any air spaces. It’ll be great trust me” and he started to assemble the suit around him even before finishing that sentence.
JARVIS chose that exact moment to speak up “Sir if I may, it has been brought to my attention that there is some anomaly in your wings”
Tony accompanied Steve all the way to his apartment once they got to Brooklyn. They were met at the door by the worried faces of Steve’s only friends who he had informed beforehand through a very painful phone call.
But Mr. Stark was not always formal words and silent gestures. When Steve would almost feel bad for judging the man upon preconceived notions, the genus would come at Steve with a sharp quip or a sarcastic comment some of which he found oddly amusing. Steve wasn’t actually sure which side he liked more. But most of the times his boss was a complete and utter dick and that made Steve wonder if the billionaire was just an asshole trying his best to be polite? or on the very off chance was he a kind man trying his hardest to hide his vulnerabilities behind a brash and flashy exterior?
As soon as they stepped outside numerous cameras flashed and mikes were shoved in front of his face.
Tony scooped Steve up once again and asked where the bedroom was. The burly looking man just stood there frozen so the other one, Sam stepped up and pointed him toward it.
"Oh" once again hurt flashed across Steve's face but he quickly set his jaws straight; now all captain America, all closed off. Tony felt something like his heart breaking at that. Because the universe hates him he was thrown into a coughing fit and kneeled on the floor. He couldn't control the petals leaking out of his mouth, camellias with a bit of blood around their edges. He knew they meant longing and couldn't help but smile at that. Steve was beside him in an instant, before he could ask anything Tony picked up the petals and tried to dash across the room but Steve got a hold of his arm before he could escape.
They were getting along really well and sometimes Steve believes he could see glimpses of the real woman under her fake persona.
“You’re the assistant to the CEO of stark industries Stevie; I think ti’s reason nuf to celebrate” Bucky countered letting a little bit of Brooklyn to bleed in.
There was nothing to worry yet, the toxicity is manageable until he could find a cure. JARVIS was running every possible permutations and combinations for replacing the palladium core in his chest. It would only be a matter of time anyway.
I am genuinely sorry for the late update, got busy with a project. I'll try to finish the next chapter in the earliest.
Tony stuttered with his reply and when he knew it wasn’t looking good for him he resorted to his trusty tactic of deflection. He could see that the other man saw right through it. Then someone walked in from god knows where and Tony’s jaw dropped open “Huh….You’re fired”
The next morning Tony woke up feeling not good but rested somehow. He absentmindedly reached out next to him but his hands only touched air and that’s when the realization hit him.
Steve was standing by the side rolling his eyes more than necessary to what Tony was saying on stage although he had to admit the man was made of pure charm and charisma. For the briefest of moments Tony’s eyes met Steve’s and he found himself immobilized by that intense gaze but the moment was gone as fast as it came.
All of them stilled the moment they saw Steve. He really wanted to roll his eyes but decided against it and walked into the little kitchen instead.
According to Bucky, Stubbornness was his twin brother so Steve was not going to stupidly fall in love and burden his Ma with finding money for a Hanahaki surgery. The only person he personally knew that had it was a man from across their apartment who was in love with another man. The world they were living in deemed it unnatural and that man was going to die of unrequited love, and so he did. Steve was Scared then, what if he also fell in love with a man instead of a dame.
The genius looked like he was shocked out of a daze recoiled back and stared at his wings with a look of horror and shame when he realized what had happened.
Steve hesitated for a minute. Tony obviously didn’t want anyone to know the existence of the arc reactor in his chest; wouldn’t telling a spy from a secret government organization be the highest form of deception?
To Steve’s annoyance the conversation morphed into an inquiry about his mental state and he had to jump off that boat as quick as possible so when his eyes fell on the armor he saw the opportunity and took it.
That officially took the cake for the most absurd interaction Steve had ever had, for all he knew it could easily be the most absurd human interaction ever too.
“Well I wouldn’t want your pretty little head to worry over that” Tony chucked and really that was a nice sound. Steve blinked and looked up only to see the other man looking down back at him, his honey brown eyes fixed on the blonds’, sparkling and intense. They were standing too close, close enough that Steve’s folded arms were brushing Tony’s t-shirt and could feel the faint wisp of exhale on his face, could count the golden flecks scattered across his brown irises.
“You know he sure wont and god help me, I care about him” Something in the man’s voice made it sound sincere to Steve. It’s not like they were asking for company secrets or anything. He knew something was going on and if his employer was too stubborn to ask or help, even though he was still conflicted maybe he could.
The red head stood up and walked in with all the confidence Steve could only hope to possess on a good day. He was absolutely convinced that the job would go to her. Even if Miss Potts didn’t find her fitting Mr. Stark certainly would if what everyone says about him is even half true.
Greg from downstairs the bane of Steve’s existence was an older, larger man with dirty olive wings, ginger hair and a bad temper and more importantly, Greg was a bully.
Then she abruptly called for the waitress and asked for a new fork. That’s when Steve noticed the one in her hand been bend in the middle. Eyes wide he looked up to her face. She was thanking and smiling at the waitress. This was a very dangerous woman but he felt oddly good that this woman was on his side (and also never arm wrestle with Natasha. scratch that, never go anywhere near her arm. Period)
“You know Nat?” he asked, face contorted in confusion. He looked across and saw that his best friend also wore the same expression.
“Certainly Mr. Rogers, I am an artificial intelligence created by Mr. Stark to help him however required” The AI answered and wow Steve was certainly impressed. It sounded like something out of a sci-fi book or movie.
“If I may interrupt, Sir has arranged for a celebratory dinner tonight for everyone, Colonel Rhodes has also been informed” Jarvis announced.
“He doesn’t like to be handed things” which was something Steve deduced through his superior observational skills and an awkward conversation with JARVIS.
A part of him thought it was absurd to give away expensive things to someone he barely knew but considering the things he gifted to his flings and one night stands this was tamer and also Steve deserved to be happy.
Steve just smiled and slid out the door. He walked down the hallway chanting ‘it’s gonna be fine’ like a prayer until he collided with something and looked up to see Greg from downstairs eyeing Steve like he egged his car or something.
Steve agreed to take the suit in hopes of returning it after the expo but after wearing it he noticed that it fit him perfectly as if it was custom made to his measurements. Honestly he’s not even surprised anymore.
“What the fuck you pansy!!” the man grabbed Steve by the collar, hauled him up and literally screamed in his face.
True to his assumption Steve trailed into the room groggily wiping sleep out of his eyes. He came to a standstill when he saw the things laid out on the table. Bucky sat on a chair next to it smirking knowingly at Steve.
“wha-…..…Excuse me?” the ability of speech seems to have eluded him and he just stared up at her dumb struck.
“Why? Because of the wings?” Bucky took his hands off the table and crossed them across his chest while narrowing his eyes at Steve. Steve knew that it was his best friend’s ‘do-not-fight-me-on-this one- Stevie’ look and cut him short before the other man could admonish him further.
The other man shot up from the couch when he heard the now familiar ping of the elevator. The moment Tony laid his eyes on Steve he knew what the blond had that others didn’t or rather what he didn’t have in this case. Tony turned to pepper with the most thundering expression he could muster. She shrank back a little at that, knowing exactly what she did.
“I have run simulations on every known element and none can serve as a viable replacement for the palladium core, you’re running out of both time and options”
The other man closed his eyes and let out a loud huff “I understand you might think this is all shady but it’s how we operate but don’t you think something similar is going on with Mr. Stark”
But Tony Stark managed to surprise them all by making a speech about how grateful he is for everyone present at the table. The three people who knew him more where staring with their mouths open by the end of it.
Once he made sure that Steve was asleep, Tony decided to step out into the living room. Barnes was hunched over on the sofa with Wilson holding his hands for comfort.
"No and you don't get to say that" Tony tried his usual dismissive tone. Steve should leave now, his throat was at it again.
The next morning he woke up early after a few fitful hours of sleep to Steve arranging the papers required for a shareholders meeting. To his surprise his PA came up to him to apologize for the harsh words he said to which Tony had no option but reciprocate.
When Steve came to visit him at the workshop that day, Tony was having the third existential crisis of the week.
Instead of getting defensive, the barely there smirk on the other man got wider but it wasn’t to mock Steve.  To him it felt something strange like the man was almost proud of Steve or guessing it right.
“Look Nat I know, I’ve seen the flowers and ……..i don’t think I can do anything about it” the last part was almost a whisper and he doubted if she had heard.
Tony understood that the forties were a very different time but Steve never showed any signs of that kind of hatred.
Tony’s personal driver Happy turned out to be a very nice guy. He had soft pastel blue wings which somehow matched him perfectly. They were talking about something Steve can’t quite remember anymore when Tony walked up to them looking absolutely stunning in a black pinstripe suit and impeccably groomed wings. He looked nothing like the man Steve had been seeing for the past five days. This was
They started on their journey once again this time the roof was up as the cold never agreed well with Steve’s asthma.  Tony switched on the stereo and a song he didn’t recognize started playing. Steve leaned on the window hugging his small frame and closed his eyes. He wasn’t planning on sleeping; he had a lot to think about anyway.
Before Steve could say anything the man was at the threshold.“There is something big coming and he’s going to need all the help he can get so I urge you to think about it Mr. Rogers” and the man just about vanished into thin air.
Steve felt like he wanted to run all the way to his apartment and curl up like a ball on his bed. Everything was over whelming and he was exhausted. Just one more night and he can go back. He mentally steeled himself and went back inside.
Erratic updates,i know and i'm sorry. I'm really happy that you guys are enjoying the story so far. I love hearing from you.
But if you think it came out of nowhere it's because its Tony's POV and is better explained in the next chapter.
“That didn’t last very long” He removed the reactor and replaced the core with a new one. Even the mere seconds it took left him a little breathless.
“Look Mr. Rogers the situation is no way conventional so we are looking for a rather unconventional solution. Lydia will brief you the essentials later”
“Perfect… follow me please” she said with a smile and strode out of the office with her dangerously high heels clicking behind her, all Steve could do was follow. As soon as they stepped out of the office he could feel multiple pairs of eyes on him. Steve just prayed that his work didn’t include frequently visiting SI offices.
“You should talk to him” ahh Nat, never one for pleasantries. She sounded urgent and a bit worried though.
And then Steve moved closer, barely an inch barely perceptible and all his self-restraint flew out the window. He would be selfish one last time, he would take this and only this and keep it away before he’s gone and so Tony leaned in and closed the gap between their lips.
He zoomed in on the image of his once swan like and now don’t - want-to –think- about-it like wings. JARVIS was right; they were looking a bit black, no one would be able to see unless they had really great eyes or they were actively looking for it.
) Would be really offended and second this is not the first time, come on Rhodes.” he said finally placing the glass away from him.
Steve rose up to his feet with a sigh and plastered on a fake smile. He followed the redhead out the door. They discussed the transfer procedures and when it was time to leave she asked him to walk with her to the car. Steve followed somewhat skeptically failing to hide the pinched expression on his face.
She opened and stared with furrowed eye brows and flared wings, clearly in a defensive posture but eased down when she realized it was Steve.
The apartment was moderately furnished, looked like a place where an actual working woman with an actual office job would live. It’s exactly what Steve expected it to look like as a cover.
Before Tony could say anything Steve interrupted "Any one would be lucky to have you tony" He had one of those heart melting smiles on his face, the ones tony likes to think that was only for him.
He was out of Stark tower in no time. He got lunch on the way and took the scenic route back to his apartment. There was still time before Bucky and Sam would arrive so he decided to sketch something. He didn’t even realize it was six in the evening until there was a knock on the apartment door. He opened it to reveal Bucky and Sam.
“Look Greg I’m sorry, I didn’t see you coming okay” normally on any other day Steve would fight back until both or one of them (usually Steve) was left bloody or broken nosed or until Bucky came up to break up the fight but today he had places to be.
“Yeah, he was my first attempt at an AI. Built him when I was fifteen or something, didn’t turn out quite well though” he replied lowering his gaze when Howard’s unimpressed face popped up in his memories.
Natalie (if that’s her real name) came around more often to discuss about both SI and spy business. She gave Steve pointers on what to look for and how to gather information which unnerved Steve because he was still a bit reluctant to spy on his employer.
Steve was choking on air by the time he finished reading the rather vague rather short note but he got what the genius meant.
“I wouldn’t have to keep doing it if only you refrain from scaring them away” pepper replied pinching the space between her brows and her wings sagging. Okay she was getting the wrong kind of annoyed now.
“What’s wrong? You didn’t like them? Are they not good? We can get new ones. J call happy, tell him to get a car ready, we are going to get Rogers new stuff”
Thankful that the focus had now shifted from him he walked into his room ‘What the fuck is happening?’ uttered by a very confused Bucky was the last thing Steve heard before he shut his door.
But what followed the threat on his life made his loyalty flare up a little, even if he had only been working for less than a week “Look I don’t know what your play is but I don’t want to be involved in this and I’m never going to spy on my employer”
They found themselves close together yet again. The smaller man was looking up with a glint in his blue eyes and Tony found his breath catch. How could he not notice before?
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Tony looked like a deer caught in headlights for a few moments, when he shook out of it his eyes were alight with new life and he lunged on to Steve, kissing him and muttering “I love yous” with an ever increasing fervor. Had to be true, he couldn’t feel that ever-present soreness in his throat anymore.
This would be the happiest day of his life since he woke up from the ice and the next thing he knew, he was laughing. Tony looked scandalized for a second and the next he was smiling one of those real smiles where the sides of eyes would crinkle, not that Steve noticed often, no okay maybe all the time.
He shouldn’t have gone out alone into that empty hallway. He shouldn’t have strayed far from the crowds. He shouldn’t have gone to Monaco. He shouldn’t have been born at all.
She gave him a look as if contemplating something then left with a smirk on her face. Apparently she knew something Tony didn’t but he was too exhausted to go figure it out. He was in a dilemma; he didn’t know whether to get close to Steve and hurt him in the end or be rude now and not disappoint one more person. He decided on the latter but it all went out the window the second he saw Steve.
. It was him all along. Of all the times he imagined how their conversation or his eventual revelation would go down; this was not what he imagined.
“You guys ready?” Tony asked as to both of them. Steve stopped talking and stared at him for a brief moment and then nodded his head slightly. Tony couldn’t help but smirk, pleased that he had
The spy didn’t dignify his question with an answer and instead tilted her head and narrowed her eyes in a look that said ‘really?’
Steve sighed and continued in a softer tone “What I meant was, Greg really has it out for me. You deal with people like him every day and I don’t want to add to that and besides there is enough videos of Tony Stark on the internet”
He placed the tools back on the table and opened up the folder containing Steve’s file and sat there staring at the man’s images. There was nothing strikingly gorgeous about the blond. Just an average man but if you look closer you could see sparkling blue eyes that oozed stubbornness and determination; silky blond hair that makes you want to run your hands through them and a sharp jaw that would probably feel great to trace with a thumb. Hell Tony had been in close association with super models and movie stars but none of them had shy innocent smiles or a quick wit or keen observation skills as Steve and more importantly none of them could be like Steve. He clearly had a type.
The genius kept reassuring him every chance he got but Steve just kept muttering he was fine and would like to go home. He refused to look at the very worried brunette during the whole journey back but Tony equally reused to leave his side. If it were anyone else Steve would be feeling claustrophobic instead with Tony he oddly felt safe but would loathe to admit it out loud.
Tony was in his office when they got back to the tower; his face broke into a brilliant smile when he saw them approach.
Steve just shrugged and followed the billionaire. He really should be used to this by now. Happy was doing an odd thing with his face which looked like a smirk/smile/leer but not quite. Tony was deliberately not paying attention to his driver.
Steve saw the other man had caught him staring and gave a week nod. His cheeks were on fire so he immediately ducked his head but failing to miss Tony’s smirk which only made him blush more.
Guys i'm really really sorry for late updates. I don't know if any of you were waiting for updates but if you were i appreciate your patience.
“Tony whatever is going on. I want you to figure it out like a rational human being and take care of your wings; they look like shit……Look man I gotta go. Promise me you’ll call later?”
The smirk stayed as if that was the exact answer the man was expecting “Now Mr. Rogers I wouldn’t be here if this wasn’t of utmost importance. Believe it not we do not mean any harm to Mr. Stark but the opposite” the director was staring at the small figurines on the table as if they personally offended him.
It was a cycle of self -loathing that kept him staring blankly at the nearest wall. A lot of people have had worse happen to them, he should be thankful that this wasn’t like that, he tried telling himself but that didn’t mean it had rattled him to his core.
"It doesn't matter he will never, who in their right mind would" Tony laughed one of his self-deprecating laughs that everybody who actually likes him hates to see.
He kept up the façade right until his best friend reached out to touch him. He felt so bad for Bucky but Steve just couldn’t bear touching anyone other than Tony then. The last thing he remembered before drifting off was Tony placing him on his bed.
“what? I thought that was supposed to be on Monday. Pep I distinctly remember it being on a Monday and today is not that day right J? Tony asked circling around the work bench not paying much attention to the woman before him silently praying that his invention gets the gist and goes along with it.
It was noon by the time she left and Steve was once again left alone in the penthouse. According to the schedule, Mr. stark had the interviews which he did not show up for and then the rest of the day was free.
They drove to the hotel they were staying and Tony refused to put Steve down till they got to his room. He gently placed the smaller man on the bed and whispered his name. The moment their eyes met Tony could see something break inside Steve and he started sobbing.
This thing he feels for Steve, Tony doesn’t know how much longer he could keep it in. But he knows he has to for the sake of the other man.
He was in no state to put the suit on manually and despite whatever he ordered JARVIS refused to follow which only made him even more frustrated. In a fit of rage he threw the bottle which shattered across the wall.
Tony could see that it was taking everything in Barnes’s power to not to look offended at that considering the situation. His eyes were glazed over as if he would cry any minute.
“The interview…….uh……everyone that came had some kind of problem and your right wing looks slightly off somehow” he answered a bit scared.
“The arc reactor is a power source that keeps the shrapnel in Mr. Stark’s chest from shredding his heart”
“That wouldn’t be a good idea right now. He needs some space. Do ask him but another time” she touched his arm and gave a slight nod.
Normally Steve didn’t mind that he was not the prettiest person in a room anywhere but right now, watching his employer’s undivided attention on a pretty red head, that didn’t set right with him at all.
Pepper hightailed from Tony’s side towards the man waiting nervously near the couch. They were going to have a serious talk when she gets back.
To their great surprise Fury was not against Steve joining them. He had already filled in everything he knew to the scientific team and they had immediately started working on a temporary neutralizer.
Tony Stark was officially  the most infuriating man Steve had ever known. He didn’t even know how to respond to the thousands of dollars spend on him.
As a last ditch effort he begged Tony to do something, anything. The “it’s you” blurted out from a dying man’s lips didn’t register at first. It took Steve a few seconds to make the connection and when he finally did he didn’t know what to say. Tony stark, the Tony stark was in love with
Large sobs racked the larger man’s figure as he clung to Steve’s shoulders. He gently rubber soothing circles across the brunets back and just held him in silence.
“Tony this is Steve Rogers, Mr. Rogers this is Tony Stark as you might know” she said all calm and collected as if nothing happened.
The way Tony’s whole body moved to get the parts fitted with elegance and a bit of flair and how his wings shifted and folded to fit inside the back piece, Steve felt the process itself to be one step away from a seduction technique and his cheeks warmed in response.
He was not in an emotional state to deal with Tony’s shit right then so the moment the two men stepped out of the elevator he jumped in. The last thing Steve saw was Tony’s shocked face.
It was difficult to even believe that the man he just saw was THE Tony stark. He was dressed in an unmistakably old band t-shirt and jeans that had streaks of what he presumed to be motor oil or something. Steve was not going to judge other peoples clothing choices; it was their home after all but what irked him was the blatant disregard of the genius toward Steve. He didn’t even have the common courtesy to shake Steve’s hands; it was like he didn’t even care, it was like Steve didn’t even exist.
“Your honor as you can see my client is falsely accused. In fact it was Mr. Rogers who approached him. All Mr. Vanko did was reciprocate. He didn’t know there was such malicious intent associated with it”
“Well what you have is not enough and I don’t really mind spending money” Steve’s face fell at that, he clenched his jaw his whole demeanor became defensive.
Steve’s mind just short circuited for a minute until everything clicked into place. The agent the eye patch guy mentioned, it must be her. He took another minute to think back on the last two weeks.
“Running new data set. Might I also add that Miss Potts has been waiting to be let in for the past seven minutes, sir” the disembodied British voice informed.
“You think this is funny Tones?” His best friend cut in with a stern voice which only made Tony smirk more.
He beat himself up over for that little incident up until he got back to his apartment. Steve was so out of it, he missed the front door being unlocked and walked right into a dark living room.
“Haps……yeah you’re here of course uhh……show Steve to a guest room. Yeah great idea. Steve you can rest until dinner. You guys go do that. I’ll be in the lab” the genius blurted out in a frenzy and almost ran out of the room.
“How may I assist you Mr. Rogers?” It was a little unnerving to hear voices with no person in sight.
It was about three in the morning when they got to Washington. Tony, despite Steve’s numerous silent and vocal protests got them rooms in The Ritz. Steve was told to stay at the hotel and watch the senate hearing on live TV.
“Scan and get me a visual J” he said turning around and sitting back down on his chair more annoyed than before.
so now there is zero chance no his chances were in the negatives. Steve is never afraid to speak his mind or that's what Tony believes.
The face plate snapped back down and he was immediately bombarded with warnings blaring across the screen.
The other man with them had abnormally large brown wings that dragged on the floor even when folded. He was eyeing Steve with an unreadable expression on his face all that time and then Nat leaned in to whisper something in his ears. The man turned to Steve and flashed a grin along with a double thumbs up. Steve heard something close to a ‘clown’ from the other direction, confused he turned to Nat and caught her rolling her eyes with fond exasperation at the other man.
“I bet he takes all his assistants to expensive hotels” his best friend said trying to make him feel better. Steve knew Bucky was just trying to make it sound like a normal Tony thing but it immediately ruined Steve’s mood for some reason.
On the drive back to the hotel he thought of buying Steve more clothes but remembered how the blond reacted the first time he did so. Steve probably accepted this time because there was no other option, there was no use pushing his luck so he decided against it.
Tony almost set the floor on fire with the speed at which he hightailed out of the dining room. He locked himself inside the workshop; took off the fake wings and tried to focus on one of his projects, tried being the imperative here because he couldn’t focus even if his life depended on it. His mind kept wandering back to Steve and to their almost whatever that was in the dining room. His barely functioning heart was pounding way too fast for its own good.
She gave him some of the things that needed to be signed by Tony because she knew that the assistant was somehow able to coax his employer into complying.
“JARVIS, who made this equally profound of an observation” he asked raising both his hands to the sides for dramatic effect.
Steve reached out to trace its smooth edges and was struck by a sudden realization. Tony never let anyone he didn’t trust into his workshop; it was his own personal heaven and it was a privilege just to stand there. Steve’s heart fluttered at that.
Coming back to his dilemma, which has an actual medical name. Hanahaki, quite a common knowledge these days. Some said it was magic
And Steve gradually changed her view on Stark as well.  The Tony Stark everyone else saw was very different from the Tony, the blonde often talked about. And by often she means all the time.
“I really need the money Mr. Stark” he knew he was being too blunt for a PA. What astounded him was the look of hurt that flashed through the other man’s eyes. He felt bad and immediately ducked his head in the pretense of looking at the papers.
Nobody came for no one after that. Tony was nowhere to be seen, he was avoiding Steve like the plague. It’s been two days since he stepped out of the work shop only sneaking out when no one especially Steve was not around. He would never let Steve inside always dismissing him via J.A.R.V.I.S with one bullshit excuse or another. Steve was growing more and more worried by the second and all he could do was keep destroying the punching bags in the gym.
Tony laughed at that and brought the half- filled glass to his face and watched the light reflect off the liquid. Half of him wanted to smash it across the wall and never touch it again and the other half wanted to drown the entire bottle.
a voice somewhere in the back off his mind supplied. Steve knew the brunette was not afraid to get what he wants but when it comes to actual feelings the man was literally hopeless so he asked Tony if he tried telling the person about his predicament.
The large man with long hair standing next to Sam almost shouting in her ear was not helping her temper one bit. She directed a kind (read fake) smile towards the couple “Any way nice meeting you gentlemen, I’ll get going now”
“Your suit for tomorrow is on your bed Mr. Stark. Is there anything else I can do?” Rogers asked before leaving.
Their conversations so far mostly revolved around the case and other times on rather mundane things. Steve was ready to do anything to go back to how they were used to be.
“You’ve been avoiding me lately” Steve could swear something close to sorrow flicked across Tony’s face before he schooled it to stoic, his expressive eyes clouding over with something dark.
Even though he didn’t mean to flare out his wings consciously, they knew what his heart desired. He had never fully presented intentionally for anyone in his life but the truth is he really wanted to for Steve. But someone like Tony Stark does not deserve someone like Steve Rogers, wings or no wings, he deduced that out even from the few days he had known the blond so what Steve said about Tony was true. Also there was no denying the fact that he was going to die, there is no point in leading him on.
He kept awake till he was sure that Tony’s breathing evened out and (because he was insane) kissed the brunet’s forehead before slowly letting sleep consume himself as well.
Steve continued with making pancakes all the while stealing little glances at Tony, who was on the couch graciously sipping his coffee. Their eyes met once and all Steve could do was smile, the next thing he knew Tony jumped up from the couch and all but ran away right into the elevator. Steve was staring with his mouth open and barely saw Natasha following.
Tony curled up on his lap on the workshop floor exchanging lazy kisses was not how Steve imagined this day would go and he had Nat to thank for that or maybe not, he should be yelling at her for not telling him sooner but then again its Natasha, irking her would be like signing your own death sentence so he decided he would just let it go for now. Besides they had so much to talk about, not right now but soon. Now he is just going to enjoy this moment and also think about the fact that they were both huge idiots.
“So it’s a he” that sounded more like a sneer even to his ears and he winced before Tony’s eyes flicked up to meet him.
“His lawyer had stated that Vanko would present himself directly at the court and I want you to talk to yours as soon as possible Steve. Athira is one of the best” Tony said in a matter of fact way.
“When did you get so wise Punk?” Bucky asked with a bump of his shoulders and set the cup down in front of him.
"Not everything is about you cap" Tony replied deliberately sounding annoyed, may be that could get Steve to back off.
Phase one of pissing off the new PA was complete and it looks like this one wouldn’t even last a whole day.
“Seriously Steve it’s no problem at all. The suit can lift about a hundred tons but I am working on improving that so lifting you would be like what, a bunch of grapes” he smirked.
Swaying on his feet Tony walked into the workshop to put the suit on himself. It was too late anyway why not go out with a bang.
Before he could even blink Tony grabbed the other man by his shirt and slammed him into the wall “Listen here you shit. If you ever go near Steve or any of his friends, if you ever so much as breathe near him I will fucking blow your brains out understand? And don’t even bother going to anyone with this. I will sick every lawyer I can get on you so that you’ll be begging on the streets by the end of it. Are we clear?”
The other man chuckled while walking around, which Tony had to admit, made him look even more menacing “No no. I remember you wanted to do everything yourself. How is that working out for you?”
I am really sorry for not posting anything for the last month. I hit a huge writers block and also got covid. so that happened. Not a good experience. A zero out of ten. would not recommend.
He gave JARVIS one of the patented Tony Stark eye rolls and gulped down a glass of green goop he got from the refrigerator with a grimace and went on to prick a finger on one of the portable toxicity scanners he had developed.
"Who is it?........Who wouldn't love you back Tony?" Steve was literally pleading. His baby blue eyes were dark like storm clouds with a mix of emotions Tony couldn't exactly place.
“Yeah I was just watching it” Steve stood up to face the windows. The curtains were drawn letting warm sunlight shine in through the glass.
left unsaid. With that she turned around to stand straight and impeccable inside the elevator once again before the doors closed.
Not a lot of people had access to his safe space but he couldn’t help be a little bit exited to show it to Steve. It was all worth it when he saw Steve’s gob smacked expression as they set foot inside the lab. Tony strode forward and commanded JARVIS to light up the display cases and Steve’s jaw hit the floor.
“Wow buddy you getting old there?” he said with a smirk while saving all the work and closing the projections.
His heart was thumping away wildly in his chest and Tony wondered when was the last time he felt like this, how in the world had he managed to fall in love with a man he hadn’t even kissed……yet.
“What’s the point of all this?” Steve asked while anxiously glancing at the clock. Bucky should be back by now.
“Mr. Stark you do realize that this the hearing of an alleged criminal assault that too of your own employee right?” The judge asked in mild anger.
Everything that happened later transpired faster than Steve could process, one minute Tony was gasping for air the other he was pulling something out (which was fuming by the way) of his chest and Steve was panicking to do anything to help.
The front door opened as Steve was about to reply and Sam walked in twirling the car keys on his fingers and a grin on his face. Sam crossed the room up to Bucky and kissed him, his big brown wings twisting out to surround the other man. His best friend was smiling like an idiot and Steve couldn’t help but feel a little jealous. Those two were adorable together and all he could hope was maybe one day……. He pushed those thoughts down for another day and cleared his throat trying to sound annoyed.
In his haste to get away from anything that showed his vulnerability, Tony didn’t see the person walking towards him on the stairs and promptly collided with them.
“I’m afraid not captain, but I can’t stop you If you use the override” Steve couldn’t help but smile a little at that, so it was Jarvis’s way of saving the life of his creator, Steve felt proud, even Tony’s AI is protective of him and would do anything for him just like everyone else in his life but he had to go and fall in love with someone who wouldn’t love him back.
After arguing and him being a general ass for ten minutes straight he finally got a stunned pepper to agree. They were enjoying a glass of celebratory champagne when pepper suddenly remembered something. “Oh I almost forgot, Steve is waiting upstairs”
They decided to watch a movie after dinner.  He was still confused about his new employer but left that little dilemma for future Steve to figure out. He looked over at the other end of the couch where his best friend cuddled with the man’s boyfriend, wings and limbs entangled.
“Hah I knew it, Congrats you Punk” Bucky gave him an one armed hug as he still hadn’t set the bottle down.
He needed the job, pay was good and if he could prove the genius wrong about his assumptions of Steve, that was an added bonus.
After two days of holing himself inside the workshop and turning away everyone who came to check on him including a very worried Steve; sustenance, in his case coffee was due to run out soon. And those little visits by the captain had caused him to go into a coughing fit, leading him to cough up daffodil petals indicative of regard, chivalry and unrequited love, as supplied by J.A.R.V.I.S, fucking great. He had to sneak out and get something for his aching throat and three in the morning seemed to be a very good time. But lo and behold someone just had to be awake at this ungodly hour and of course that someone was freaking Rogers. He was curled up in the couch in a thick, warm blanket with a cup of probably hot chocolate in his hands. The lighting was low, barely enough to see but cast an almost ethereal glow to Steve's face. That image was doing things to Tony's heart or was it his lungs acting out again, he isn't sure anymore. Okay, no turning back now; mentally preparing himself, he walked further in.
