~~~alternatively~~~(Not really but...)
Peter yelped as the collar shocked him again and an audio played coming from the collar.
“Nah it’s alright... wanna work in the lab maybe work on your suit while I work on mine?” Tony offered and Peter nodded following Tony to the lab.
“I’m sorry! I’m so sorry!” Tony cried out sobbing into his knees.
“That’s cute, mimicking me.” Tony said as Peter stopped pacing too.
Ironman woke up with a start and looked around confused. ‘Oh right they won’
“The bed, my cloths, you.” Peter said his breath slowing down.
“I didn’t, really!” Steve said feeling threatened by Ironman.
“Yeah Tom?” Jensen said and Peter whimpered.
“Yes I did, I don’t remember it but it was still me! I’m sorry!” Tony sobbed feeling ashamed for how broken Peter was and only blamed himself.
Peter shook his head out of the memory and then sighed as they started going over the rules. They all got off the bus and went into Stark Industries Peter only feeling a little intimidated by the building.
“No, Tony did... you Mr. Stark, didn’t do anything wrong.” Peter said hating that Tony was this broken over what he didn’t do.
“Tony!” Ironman called out and Tony tried wiping away his tears trying to stop crying enough to let Ironman in. Tony wiped away his tears and calmed himself down finally letting Ironman in.
“Can you show us?” Clint asked excitedly and Sam smiled.
“Shut up.” Tony said still glaring at him.
“Jensen!” Peter said and blushed feeling like a child.
“Sure.” Jensen said seeing that Peter really needed this so he sat in a chair in the room and sighed smiling.
“I know but I can’t stop myself I want you.” Tony said ashamed and Peter sighed.
“April fools!” Tony yelled then laughed going back to the lab.
“May!” Peter said his voice cracking.
“Cap I got a pet! You might enjoy it!” Tony said delighted and Peter looked at Steve questionably as he walked up to them and looked at Peter confused.
“How are you so smart?” Tony asked admiring Peter and actually interested in his work.
“Wish I could just beat him up make him pay for what he did to you.” Tony said and Peter almost laughed, the irony of it hilarious.
“Who are you?” His mirror self asked his voice exactly like Tony’s. Tony stepped back in shock and looked at his other self.
“Yeah let’s make sure to reinforce those vents.” He heard Tony say and Clint was confused.
“Just don’t resist too much and he won’t shock you or hurt you as much okay.” Bruce hoping that was true and Peter nodded sighing sadly.
“You didn’t tell me. Are you keeping secrets from me?” May said and Peter made up an excuse not wanting May to be mad.
“Not really. No.” Bruce said shaking his head and running a hand through his hair.
“Don’t ever do that again you idiot!” Ironman’s voice came out of the suit angrily.
“Can we sleep now?” Tony asked sheepishly and Steve nodded.
“Who are you?” Tony said looking to the other person.
“This is amazing Peter.” Tony said and Peter took the notebook back.
“That was nice.” Peter said amazingly happy. Tom stood right next to Peter and whispered to him.
“Huh.” Steve said and looked at Peter more closely and Peter felt nervous.
“Can I see him?” He heard Bruce ask then watched as he entered the room.
“So you are attached to this?” Jensen asked holding up the collar and Peter could feel Jensen’s finger on his neck from where he was holding it.
Peter didn’t know how many days passed but Mark still came every day and stayed with him. Peter heard someone else come in one day while Mark was reading to him and Peter’s heart rate spiked feeling anxiety.
“You didn’t tell me about the grant.” May said and Peter glared at Tony.
“His DNA seems to be fused with that one of a Spider. I still haven’t figured out how he sticks to stuff or how strong he is but I did find out that he has really good reflexes something of a sixth sense warning him of a threat approaching.” Tony said and Peter glared at him more intensely.
~~~alternatively~~~
“Hey I can tell them to back off, I’m sure we can find someway to make them leave you alone.” Tony said protectively.
“You used to watch this show with them?” Tony asked and Peter nodded missing Mark the most.
“Tony, stop...” Peter said crying and blushing now. Tony just kissed him harder biting slightly into his neck making Peter whimper.
“I came to apologize.” Tony said and Ironman sighed.
“Oh Peter stop crying it’s okay.” Tony said shushing him and rubbing his body against Peter’s and kissing his neck. Peter tried so hard not to enjoy the feeling of Tony’s body against his.
“On a walk.” Tony answered and Peter huffed stubbornly reluctantly following his torturer. Peter kind of enjoyed their walk as they walked around the tower Tony bringing him to the training room.
“Hey shell head can you hear me?” Clint asked and Ironman nodded.
“Good now let me go alone.” Ironman said getting back in the armor. “Ironman.” Tony called out and Ironman turned to him.
“This is my intern, Peter Smith.” Tony said not saying his real last name knowing there was a missing person’s report for Peter.
“Richard...” Peter said and saw that Richard didn’t react.
“Just in time.” Tony said looking up to see a helicopter. “Can you still hear me?” Tony asked Ironman. ‘Yeah’ Ironman responded making sure not to speak.
“Jensen! Jared!” Peter screamed out as Tony held him down locking the collar again around his throat.
“Yeah you’re right I’m not Ironman.” Tony then put the helmet on.
“I’m Ironman?” Ironman asked.
~~~~~~
“Oh my gosh.” Peter breathed out looking at his 15 year old self in the mirror.
“Who’s this?” Steve asked looking at Peter confused.
~~~~~~
“What I apply for?” Peter asked still nervous around him.
“Peter...” He heard Richard whisper and Peter turned around looking at Richard.
“Please stop!” Tony yelled, crying out in pain. Ironman gave him one last hard kick before leaving him alone. Tony tried not to cry as he tended to his wounds and then went to the kitchen to get some food.
“You think he had Ironman in his ear listening?”  Sam asked and Clint nodded.
“I just had to talk to Tony.” Ironman said still a bit angry at Clint.
“You kinda remind me of Jensen now.” Peter said smiling and Tony tilted his head adorably.
“Help!” Peter called out and was shocked by the collar. Peter huffed tired of getting shocked and just glared at the man who walked in with Tony by his side.
“I can’t leave Mark alone.” Peter said and She sighed.
“I would get you out but you’re too injured.” Bruce said sighing.
“Calm down Jensen, it’s just for a moment.” Jared said running his hands through the collar then putting it down out of the way. Peter bit the inside of his cheek mad at him.
It was a while before Tony opened the panel again and Peter squinted as the lights of the room lit up.
“I’m sure they won’t think any less of you.” Tony said smiling.
“You are not going alone.” Jensen said seeing Peter look at him confused.
“Jensen put it down you know he doesn’t like it when you do that.” Jared said as Jensen held it running his hand along the inside of the collar.
“Then what do you mean.” Ironman deflected trying to stay calm.
“You.” Peter said and Tony nodded kissing him again.
“Tin can.” Peter said trying to anger Tony to get him to stop. Tony got angrier and punched Peter in the ribs shutting him up and shocked him again. Peter screamed out in pain gritting his teeth as Tony kept shocking him.
“You know I do love you right?” Ironman said seeing Tony in agony was breaking Ironman’s heart.
“Okay Ironman let’s go.” Tony said walking down the hall towards the living room. ‘Are you really going to tell them off?’ Ironman asked watching Tony approach the room where the Avengers were.
“Ironman.” Tony said his name and Ironman opened his eyes looking at Tony.
“You’re so perfect.” Tony said approaching him and grabbing the remote too. Peter started to panic seeing an angry lustful Tony coming after him.
“I Uh... well it was...” Peter didn’t have an answer for Tony.
“That what?” Peter said and Tony shivered under his gaze.
“Because Ironman wants to keep his identity a secret and we have to respect that!” Steve said and Clint sighed.
“Yeah, I know you Ironman. You wouldn’t hurt me.” Steve said only flinching slightly.
“Right and I’m guessing you do too?” Steve guessed looking out the window.
Tony woke up and cried as his eyes burned a bright blue lighting up his bedroom. Tony breathed heavily trying to calm down his nightmare from Afghanistan still haunting him. Tony cried bringing his knees up to his chest and cried trying to calm down the pain in his eyes getting to him.
“You know that’s not what I was asking.” Tony said and Peter sighed closing his eyes and remembering what happened in his past life then opened them flinching at the face of Tony angry. Peter looked to Tony and sighed sadly.
“Right.” Tony said nodding but still felt unbelievably guilty for what his past self did to Peter.
“Can I have an x-ray please I think I swallowed something I shouldn’t have.” Peter said and they rushed him to the x-Ray and then showed him X-ray.
“Couldn’t lock it if you wanted.” Peter said and Tony nodded.
“I wasn’t planning to.” Peter said.
“You mean I was the person who tortured you.” Tony concluded and Peter looked down.
“Thanks Bruce.” Peter said gratefully getting up and smiling at Bruce.
~~~~~
“I missed you so much!” Peter then hugged May and May hugged back confused.
~~~~~
“Bringing him here was a mistake.” Tony said and Peter tilted his head looking at Tony. Maybe the Avengers would save him he could get out of here away from Tony!
Tony put the lab on lockdown and Tony sighed. ‘You ready to get out?’ Tony asked Ironman and Ironman hesitantly nodded.
“It was kind of exhilarating finally facing them without the armor. I can’t believe we did that!” Ironman said freaked out a little.
~~~the memory~~~
“Wow you are such a good boy this time around.” Ironman said and closed the panel sealing Tony off and just leaving Ironman and Peter alone in the room. Ironman then felt himself having a heart attack and opened the panel looking at Tony horrified who held out his arc reactor and crushed It letting the shrapnel get into his heart killing him. Ironman dropped to the floor dead too and they became one person leaving the dead body of Tony Stark still half and half with Ironman.
“What’s this?” Peter said sounding angry and Tony shivered in fear.
“Me too.” Ironman said sighing.
Peter also found out that Tony stopped making weapons after the incident in Afghanistan. Huh that was different maybe this Tony was more peaceful that his last mentor. Maybe the field trip tomorrow wasn’t going to be that bad.
“It’s okay I’m here you can sleep safely now.” Jensen said and Peter smiled watching Jensen and then slowly fell asleep. Jensen smiled at Peter and sighed softly feeling a wave of protectiveness for the younger man.
“On one condition.” Tony said and Peter deflated a little.
~~~~~~~
“We are so much more than friends and you know that.” Ironman said and Tony nodded snuggling into Ironman’s neck.
“shock therapy what do you think?” Tony said realizing he screwed up. Tony took out the remote and set it down on the bed as he sat down.
“Calm down Jared.” Jensen said calmly.
“No I won’t! I won’t hurt you Peter!” Tony yelled, shamefully putting his head down.
“I’m so sorry.” Tony said feeling guilty. ‘Calm down Tony the world isn’t ending’ Ironman thought smiling at Tony’s panic and Tony calmed down.
Tony let the Avengers move into the tower and they lived together peacefully Ironman only visiting the Avengers every so often and only with the armor on. Sometimes Tony would tag along but Tony was usually busy with other stuff. Sometimes they would both go as Ironman other times they would go separately as Tony and Ironman and rarely would they ever both go as Tony. It was great well that was until the day they asked the question on everyone’s mind. Who is Ironman?
~~~the wormhole~~~
“They are saying you probably won’t ever wake up.” Mark cried harder not wanting to say the next thing.
“Y-yeah you hated me.” Peter said and Tony looked at him horrified.
“No. Tony it was my past life, you are not the same person.” Peter said and Tony sighed “you are not the same person.” Peter reassured.
“I don’t like hugs...” Tony said sheepishly and Steve slid his hand under Tony’s shirt lifting it up and looking at Tony’s bruises.
“Oh okay.” Steve said writing it down on his list of features for Tony.
“I’ll take care of the kid, you guys take care of Tony.” Steve said picking up Peter and bringing him out of the room. Peter hugged Steve crying.
Peter sighed tiredly and went to sleep. Peter still had nightmares of his past life and his death and watching Mark cry over his dead body, but they were getting better.
“Okay Peter now time to test your strength.” Tony said and Peter looked up at the ceiling as it lowered and Peter started to panic.
Alternatively for Tony and Ironman
“Ironman?” Tony said looking to him.
“I’m here for you, we all are and we won’t let anything happen to you.” Mark said reassuringly almost resting his hand on Peter’s shoulder but took his hand away realizing that it may not be the best idea to touch him.
“It’s okay I’m here.” Peter said trying to comfort Mark and Mark smiled leaning on the seat staring at Peter.
“Nothing... right...” Ironman said separating from Tony and crying.
“Where are we going?” Peter asked following Tony.
“Yeah I know I won’t allow it, there isn’t any poison in your system anymore they are just thinking of...” Mark said angry and frustrated.
“Ask Steve I don’t feel like recalling the story.” Ironman said looking down sadly.
“I can assure you Ironman hasn’t laid a hand on me.” Tony said confidently. Steve stood up abruptly and Tony flinched back unintentionally memories of Afghanistan still haunting him. Tony put up his hand to defend himself and Steve sighed.
“You can see me?” Peter asked and Mark nodded slightly.
“Thanks Tony this saves a lot of time.” Peter said and then started altering the AI Tony made and Tony felt a little insulted but saw that Peter was just making it better and Tony felt ashamed again. Why was this kid so smart! Peter made Tony feel dumb and that was a very difficult task.
“I-Ironman?” Tony asked feeling confused and scared. Ironman got out of the armor then pinned Tony on the bed.
“What was all that about?” Clint asked as Ironman came back.
Tony was in the armor again. The armor made Tony feel safer and the Avengers liked it when he was Ironman.
“Lordy can you even see in these?!” Tony said and Peter sighed taking the suit from him.
“I will see you later okay.” Ironman said and Tony nodded feeling better.
“You got to get in your head Peter that you won’t be getting out of here. Might as well accept it.” Tony said grabbing Peter by the hair and Peter winced in pain as Tony pulled on his hair.
~~~One month later~~~
“Yes I wanted to say Ironman I love you... but instead my stupid brain panicked and kicked him off the team.” Steve said hanging his head in shame. Tony blushed and chuckled lightly.
“Hey May.” Peter said putting down his backpack and an old keyboard he found in the trash.
“What?” Steve asked confused.
“Don’t let him in.” Ironman said and Tony sighed sadly.
“April fools.” Tony said smiling smugly and Clint walked out of the room pissed. Tony laughed and Steve did too.
~~~~~~
“I’m sorry.” Jensen said feeling guilty and Peter shook his head looking at Jensen.
“I’m sorry again.” Steve said looking at Ironman and then Tony still a little freaked out.
‘Tony?’ Ironman thought in his head hoping Tony could hear him. ‘It worked!’ Tony thought back smiling. Tony opened his eye and Ironman opened his. ‘Can I take control?’ Tony asked and Ironman nodded going to the back of the mind letting Tony take control of the body.
He was actually doing this! Peter looked around for hidden cameras and security cameras and avoided them all quickly and quietly making his way far away from the tower. Peter finally got home but stopped on a roof outside of where his apartment was. He couldn’t go back Tony would find him. Peter then realized he couldn’t stay in New York he had to keep his friends safe. Peter sighed sadly and left New York getting as far from Tony as possible.
“Ironman, we aren’t afraid of you it’s just the suit we are afraid of.” Steve said trying to make him feel better.
“I mean who wears the mask?” Natasha said glaring at him.
“Ironman I’m sorry please let me in!” Tony screamed as he pounded on the door the lab on lockdown locking him out. Tony felt the cutting stop and sighed relived.
“Tony.” Peter said still crying.
“Stop drinking.” Peter said approaching Jensen.
~~~Clint and Ironman talk~~~
“A love letter?” Tony said putting a hand over his arc reactor.
~~~~~~
Tony heard a knock at the door and heard Ironman call out to him.
“One kiss before we work.” Ironman pleaded and Tony smiled.
“I got asked out for dinner but I don’t think my date will come.” Steve said sadly.
“You tell me this now?” Peter said glaring at him and Tony shrunk under his glare.
“Are you drunk?” Dimitri asked seeing Mark whisper to ‘himself’.
“Leave the old man alone I’m sure he didn’t touch anything, right?” Ironman said putting a hand on Tony’s shoulder and then glaring at Steve.
“Tony...” Peter said looking at his old mentor in fear.
“Thanks Tony.” Pepper said and approached him.
“I am don’t worry.” Tony said flinching at the sound of Ironman’s voice. Steve frown only deepened not liking what he was seeing. Steve quickly jumped to the conclusion that Ironman wasn’t treating Tony right and Tony needed saving.
“He knocked over a glass last night.” Alex said and Jensen looked at him questionably.
“Why not!” Steve argued.
“I’m sorry Peter I’m so sorry!” Mark yelled out sobbing.
“Next time will you just let me deal with the situation and don’t stop me.” Ironman said and Tony nodded.
They heard a knock at the door and the yell of Pepper to be let in.
“Go here there are people who can help you.” Jensen said and Peter nodded getting ready to leave again.
They never got rid of it? Peter sighed knowing they probably tried breaking it but it never broke.
“Ironman stop it haven’t you put the kid through enough.” Tony said feeling betrayed by his other half.
“Feel free to settle in. Jensen will be here in an hour or so. You can wonder about and do whatever you want.” Mark said and left not really wanting to give the tour anymore. Peter nodded and sighed looking at the small room he was in. This wasn’t too bad much better than his past living conditions.
“You are free to stay and watch while I work.” Tony invites him and Steve smiled.
Peter met everyone eventually and got along with everyone. Peter started calling himself Tom too along with everyone else, burying his old name and his old self. Peter still got nightmares but he refused to talk to anyone about them. Peter woke up screaming a few times and on those nights Jensen, Jared, or Misha checked up on him. On one night it was different though Mark came to check on him.
You remember Peter dying well this is a continuation of that from last chapter the one where Peter dies peacefully and goes to the next life
“Tony, can I speak to you.” Bruce asked Tony and Tony sighed.
~~~~~~
“Speaking of, you probably want to get out of that armor.” Tony said and Ironman nodded vigorously.
“Are you really here?” Jensen asked and Peter nodded smiling.
“He’s a kid! You can’t just lock him up!” Bruce said angrily.
“Not here.” Tony said and Clint started looking around the lab for him.
“Captain, big fan Spider-Man.” Peter introduced himself actually seeing Steve for the first time.
“Jensen!” Peter said happily and Jensen shook his head looking away. Peter deflated looking at Jensen sadly.
“Why don’t you just stop then.” Peter said looking at Tony with tears in his eyes.
“Do you know how dangerous it is for you to be up there?” Ironman said looking up at Tony as he worked in the vents in the lab.
“That smells delicious.” Peter said and then saw Jensen cooking the pancakes.
“He’s gone.” Peter said and crying in relief.
“I don’t think he likes it when you insult his boss.” Steve said coldly glaring at Clint.
“It’s okay I just came here to tell you breakfast is ready.” Jensen said calmly and Peter nodded getting up and yawning. Jensen left the room and Peter got ready the best he could which wasn’t much just running his hands through his hair to tame it and then went down for breakfast. Peter smelled pancakes and smiled happily.
“Uh I’ll help.” Tony said trying not to sound too dumb in front of the genius that was Peter Parker. Tony tried to keep up with Peter’s math and equations but the math Peter was doing, he never saw before. Tony then recognized some code he was doing.
“I can’t stay here.” Peter said sadly.
“Sorry.” Peter said and Jensen eyes hardened angry at whoever hurt Peter this badly.
“Well I was just working.” Tony said and Ironman tried not to chuckle. ‘Good one’ Ironman said smiling mentally. ‘I thought you were going to help me.’ Tony thought mentally glaring at him. ‘I will and you should probably be paying attention because she looks mad’ Ironman thought and Tony panicked for a second looking at Pepper.
“I knew it!” Clint said and Steve chuckled and Tony did too.
“Your kid?” Tony asked confused.
“I told you he wasn’t abusing me.” Tony said and Steve glared at him.
“It’s okay sweetie it’s okay.” Tony whispered into his ear and Peter sobbed again as Tony thrust onto Peter grabbing his ass and pulling down his pants. Peter started to panic wondering if Tony would really do this to him.
“Because I love you.” Tony said looking into his blue glowing eyes. Ironman looked at Tony with hope.
“How?” Tony asked looking up at him hopelessly.
“Clint get out of my lab!” Tony said angrily.
“Hey.” Steve said back grabbing a cup of pudding.
“Ironman or is it Tony?” Clint asked and Ironman sighed angrily.
“Clint!” Ironman said angrily.
“What does that even mean!” Tony said stressed.
“Y-you are okay with this?” Tony asked his eyes cooling down back to their milky brown color. Tony blinked his eyes fully back to normal now.
“I remember torturing you.” Tony said crying and Peter backed up further ready to run.
“Yeah I might have something.” The clerk said and Peter blushed as the clerk took the collar to the back and started placing it in different cases each one different each one rubbing against his neck. Peter shook his head as the clerk took a cloth and cleaned the inner part of the collar.
“Keep collar away from Misha Peter hates it when inner part of collar touched.” Jared read out and sighed again.
“Mr. Stark?” Peter said looking at Tony confused and trying to calm down.
“Me too... But we have to let go and keeping around this damn collar isn’t doing anyone good. I wish we could just burn it already.” Richard said picking up the collar and Peter tried not freak out the pressure on his throat overwhelming him. Peter’s breathing quickened as he watched Richard inspect the collar running his hands over it.
“Please don’t ask me to take the armor off. It keeps me alive.” Ironman said almost in tears.
“Yes.” Tony said satisfied.
Steve tried not to punch Ironman out of existence but that was getting more and more difficult as the days went on and Steve could never get to Tony in time before Ironman.
“Stop it Mark, please.” Peter said and Mark thankfully stopped looking towards Peter.
“You going to be alright?” Jensen asked and Peter shook his head sadly.
~~~~~~
“H-hey...” Tony stuttered hesitantly.
“I’m not ready.” Ironman said feeling fear take a hold of him.
“You were in a coma!” Jensen yelled back.
“No problem your life is my life so I was really saving both of us.” Ironman said happily.
“Again?!” Steve said worried.
“What was that?” Steve asked confused and shocked by what he saw.
“Pepper?” Ironman said confused.
“Okay, He is no longer mopping about not being an Avenger.” Tony chuckled lightly when JARVIS texted him. ‘Very mature Sir...’
“Jensen... Why didn’t you visit me?” Peter asked saddened also.
“I’m sorry Mr. Stark.” Peter said feeling he let down the team and Tony watched as Steve and Bucky got to the hanger but it was okay as long as Peter was safe.
“Yeah I’m great.” Peter said and Tony sighed.
“What the hell Ironman!” Tony yelled at Ironman angrily.
“Okay okay calm down.” Tony said starting to move the things off of him.
“I don’t wanna stay.” Peter said beginning to cry again.
“No don’t sleep on the floor!” Tony said not wanting to kick Steve off of his own bed.
“Really?” Ironman said shooting the wall behind Steve.
“Spider-Man, or Peter Parker.” Tony said smiling and Peter huffed feeling a bit of helplessness seep into his heart.
“Why not!? You’re terrified of me! I killed you!” Tony pointed out feeling disgusted with himself.
“Yeah he is just knocked out.” Peter confirmed tugging at the collar again wanting it off. Peter then noticed the police come in and cuff Tony.
“I deserve this and so much more...” Tony said looking down sadly.
“We’ll make it.” Ironman said determined and kept trudging through the desert while dragging Tony with him.
“So is that a yes? Or...” Steve trailed off blushing also embarrassed that he even asked in the first place.
“You are not in a cage Tom you are in your bedroom with me Mark. Remember.” Mark said and Peter blinked getting confused.
“It’s a long story.” Peter said looking down.
“I know.” Tony said cheerfully.
“I don’t know Ironman but we’ll figure it out.” Tony said hugging him. Ironman hugged back kissing his neck. Tony chuckled pulling away slightly.
“Don’t say anything.” Tony said glaring at him and Peter swallowed afraid and closed his eyes trying not to cry.
“Yeah.” Ironman nodded getting onto the mat.
“Good one bro.” Alex whispered and Peter smiled chuckling softly.
“It’s not your fault.” Tony said and then sighed looking at Peter and then the ground.
“Peter What are you doing here?” Tony asked letting him in through the window.
“I’m so sorry.” Tony said looking at Ironman sadly.
“Are you okay?” Tony asked and Peter nodded closing his eyes and cursing in his head. Tony touched him and Peter flinched back opening his eyes and looking at Tony terrified and immediately put his hand to his throat reminding himself that he didn’t have it on and Tony couldn’t shock him. Tony looked at him with pity and Peter looked away shivering in fear and keeping his distance from Tony.
“Stop.” Peter said and got shocked again.
“Natasha.” Tony answered.
~~~I think this is a sign~~~
“Really.” Ironman said smiling and Tony kissed back crying tears of joy.
“He’s not wearing the helmet. I think that’s Ironman.” Steve said staring into those glowing blue eyes and Natasha freaked.
“You know you can tell me anything?” Peter said and Tony shook his no.
“Mentally, 29. Physically, 15.” Peter said and that drove Tony crazy.
“Speaking of Ironman I want you to stop questioning him!” Tony said furiously and Ironman felt a wave of happiness accidentally making Tony smile.
Tony walked into the common room just tired and hungry.
“No you almost got yourself killed! Next time just let me do the talking okay!” Ironman said and Tony nodded.
“So What brings you down here?” Clint asked sitting on the couch.
“I’m sorry.” Peter said hoping Flash would just leave him alone.
“Let go.” Dimitri said commanding and Mark let go reluctantly and Misha sighed.
“So about that internship... you still not going to take it?” Tony asked and Peter shook his head
“No whatever you’re thinking no.” Ironman said firmly and Tony sighed smiling softly at him.
“No! He isn’t! I swear he isn’t!” Tony said taking off his sunglasses and burying his head in his hands.
“Why don’t you try talking to him?” Alex suggested and Jensen shook his head.
“No, just let me go!” Tony screamed at him.
“You’re right, I should stop threatening you guys. Then maybe you guys would stop being scared of me.” Ironman said sighing sadly.
Tony looked at his reflection and smiled menacingly.
“Why do you know your way around the lab so much?” Tony asked under his breath looking at Peter work and seeing him know exactly how everything worked and where everything was. Peter froze hearing Tony and stopped what he was doing. ‘Super hearing darn it.’ Tony thought seeing Peter freeze.
“I just... you wouldn’t like me if I took it off.” Ironman said feeling his eyes glow.
Short stories of what could have happened alternatively
“I’m sorry...” Tony said again regretting that mistake.
“Let me have the collar.” Mark pleaded and Misha sighed handing it over. Mark held onto the collar carefully not letting it go. Peter sighed shaking his head the constant pressure around his throat feeling weird.
“Come on.” Steve said tugging at the chain and Peter had no choice but to follow.
“Please stop.” Peter said still crying and blushing.
“I love you Tony.” Ironman said and Tony smiled.
“Why can’t I just tell them, it would be easier.” Ironman said looking down in defeat.
“Because they make me look cool.” Tony said trying not to blush or freak out. Tony’s eyes were different if he got angry they would glow blue like they did in the armor and he couldn’t risk anyone finding out about his eyes. Steve sighed not believing him but backed off.
“Yeah you didn’t think I wouldn’t be able to use these as a light source?” Ironman asked pointing to his eyes.
“N-no M-mister Stark I’m good.” Peter stuttered not wanting to be anywhere near Tony Stark. Tony looked at him confused and stepped towards him and Peter stepped back scared the memories still playing over in his head.
~~~Natasha’s POV~~~
“Steve! You better not have touched anything!” The angry voice of Tony came into the room and Steve freaked out looking at Tony in surprise.
“Please let me go.” Tony pleaded keeping his eyes shut tight.
“Really?! You trust Tony but not me?!” Steve yelled.
“T-Tony!” Ironman said hyperventilating.
“Yet?” Tony asked and Peter bit his tongue.
“I’m going to wash you don’t try anything.” Tony said and Peter shivered under Tony’s gaze. Peter hated the feeling of Tony’s hands all over him touching and rubbing his skin. Peter blushed uncomfortably as Tony cleaned his shaft rubbing it more than needed and Peter whimpered hating that Tony made him feel this way. Tony took his time cleaning his ass too and Peter blushed feeling Tony poke his finger into Peter’s hole.
“I- I don’t even...  you know what doesn’t matter it was just some stupid prank Tony pulled.” Natasha said dismissing everything that just happened as a prank. Steve laughed seeing Natasha startled and confused.
“Sure Cap let’s talk.” Tony said cheerfully bringing him to another room away from Ironman. Steve frowns at Tony as Tony looks at him confused.
“Then Why did you kiss her?” Ironman asked still crying silently.
“Maybe we should let him in.” Tony said and Ironman sighed not wanting to face Steve. Tony started getting up and Ironman pulled him back down.
“Where’s Clint?” Steve asked coming into the room.
“Now Stay still or you will be paralyzed again.” Tony said darkly and Peter whimpered. Tony walked around Peter and then went down to his level unbuttoning Peter’s shirt and taking it off him. Peter tried moving his limbs but Tony had him pinned onto the ground. Tony then cuffed Peter’s hands behind his back. “Just a precaution.” Tony said taking off his own shirt the glow of the arc reactor filling the room.
“You guys seem close.” Steve said and Tony sighed relived.
“Tony, can I have the remote?” Bruce asked and Peter shivered not wanting to be shocked by Bruce. Tony handed over the remote smiling and Bruce smiled back nodding and then approached Peter.
“I’m here to listen.” Mark said and Peter sighed gaining a tiny bit of courage to talk about his nightmare.
“I am Ironman.” Tony said and chuckled lightly.
“Remember What exactly?” Tony said utterly confused. Peter sighed in relief and then collapsed on the floor and Tony looked at him worriedly.
“I won’t do that oh Shellhead I would never do that.” Steve said caressing Tony’s face. Tony blushed lightly and shook his head backing away slightly.
“I would like to offer you an internship.” Tony said and Peter shook his head.
“He was like a father figure to me and helped hide me away, you know.” Peter said and Tony nodded resting his head on his arms.
“Sorry Steve I can’t let you hear my real voice.” Ironman said smiling actually enjoying keeping his identity a secret only a tiny bit of fear seeping into his heart.
“Why did you want me dead?” Peter asked and Jensen sobbed.
“Also the collar stays unlocked.” Peter said and Tony nodded.
“No.” Ironman said firmly.
“Why can’t we just... rest for a bit.” Tony pleaded using Ironman as support.
“I know what you are gonna say.” Tony said blushing embarrassed and glaring at Ironman.
“That’s not an answer.” Tony said huffing frustrated. Peter smiled and they made sandwiches eating together peacefully talking about Peter’s work Spider-Manning and what Tony was doing as Ironman and lots of other random stuff.
The armor was beautiful. Steve blushed when he saw Tony looking at his drawings. Steve quickly hid his drawings and blushed.
“Tom!” Someone screamed and Peter woke with a start breathing heavily.
“You know what I think is cool? This webbing.” Tony said picking up a cartridge of his web fluid and threw it at him and Peter caught it.
“I don’t want to go back.” Peter said and watched as the portal closed quickly and him still on the wrong side. Robert looked down on Peter and Tom and hugged them both.
“I’m here Jensen.” Peter said and then shivered smiling as he felt Jared’s big hands picking up the collar.
“I said get off of me tin can.” Peter said getting closer to Tony, still glaring at him. Tony got off of him, grabbing his shirt and leaving. The panel closed again leaving Peter alone in the dark and Peter sighed.
“I miss them...” Peter said quietly and sighing in disappointment.
“Please stop.” Peter said placing a hand on Jensen’s shoulder. Jensen looked up surprised and crying.
“You like?” Tony asked and Steve smiled.
“Sorry.” Peter said and shut his trap.
“Sorry for what happened to you no one deserves to be treated like that.” Mark said and Peter closed his eyes trying not to remember what Tony put him through.
“I know it’s kinda cliche but I knew you loved these books so I thought I would read one to you, you know to pass the time and cheer you up.” Mark said resting his head in his hands on Peter’s bed.
“Alright Ironman.” Tony laughed at his own antics and sighed happily.
“Hey, how was school today?” May asked and Peter went around to the kitchen.
“You get that thing off of Peter now.” Steve demanded and Bruce complied not wanting to fight Steve.
“What happened?” Steve asked entering the room.
He took a quick look around again trying to figure out how to disable this stupid invisible cage he was in. Tony looked at Peter then shocked him again and Peter yelped looking to Tony.
Steve then started picturing what Ironman would look like using Tony as a reference seeing as they probably were near the same measurements. Steve blushed realizing he just drew Tony again but with flaming blue eyes.
“Get in.” Tony said pushing Peter in the bathroom and unlocking the collar around his throat then closing the door. Peter wondered if this was a good time to escape but he really wanted to shower so that’s what he did. He showered and did his business and got out drying himself off. Peter then noticed some cloths waiting for him on the counter so he put them on struggling with the stupid tie and suit. Peter gave up on the tie and just walked out of the room.
“Yeah I promise I won’t threaten you guys anymore.” Ironman promised.
“Training Wheels Protocol?” Peter said offended then remembered he was just 15 at the moment but Peter still glared at Tony in Peter’s mind he was still 29.
“I mean who is under that mask of yours.” Steve said and Ironman frowned.
“The other cast members have been too busy and you know I tried to get Dimitri here but you know how that went.” Mark said angry at all his cast members he used to call family.
“Yes.” Peter said hesitantly and Mark sat down with his cereal.
“No. That’s Peter’s!” Mark said taking the collar back and Peter whimpered, weird pressure on his throat as Dimitri and Mark fought over the collar.
“I’m sorry I couldn’t wake up.” Peter said sadly feeling like he let Mark down.
“I don’t remember I think he... he died.” Peter said burying his old mentor mentally. Peter the looked up and smiled.
“So your real name is Ironman?” Steve asked after Ironman finished. Tony looked at him confused as to why that was the first question Steve asked.
“Why do you keep doing that?” Mark asked watching Peter rub his throat.
“Okay now get on this and start running.” Tony said and Peter stood up reluctantly getting on the device.
“Oh? Why not?” Sam asked curiously.
“I’m sorry.” Tony said on accident and Ironman left the room going to the lab. ‘Darn it I’m so sorry!’ Tony said about to cry.
Mark left looking at Peter one last time before leaving to go home to sleep and eat. Peter tried so hard to call out to Mark to tell him that he was there that he wanted to wake up but his body wasn’t cooperating. Peter didn’t know how long it was until someone visited him again.
“You’re Ironman.” Steve said angrily and Tony shook his head his laugh dying down.
“T-that makes sense...” Steve said and Tony tilted his head puzzled.
“This is the Spider?” Steve asked, grabbing hold of the chain and pulling him forward. Peter tried not panic as Steve pulled him forward and started looking at him.
“No. I just, I can’t, I have Ironman... he will kill me if he finds out I’m cheating on him with Captain America.” Tony said running a hand through his hair.
“Just get back let me talk to him.” Ironman said and then Tony handed over control hiding back inside of Ironman’s mind.
“Who are you guys?” Peter asked feeling intimidated.
“It’s okay, everything will be alright.” Peter said the words never reaching Richard’s ears.
“Please stop.” Peter begged and Jensen stopped putting the collar down on the table. Peter sighed in relief glad to have the pressure gone.
“T-Tony...” Peter yelled scared and Tony put his hands up in surrender.
“Nice to meet you too.” Robert said smiling welcoming Peter and bringing his arm forward to hug him. Peter froze then hugged back happily and Tom from behind stuck his tongue out at Peter. Peter laughed and broke the hug.
“Wait Tony?” Clint said confused.
“What do you see?” Mark asked and Peter hesitated.
“Ya know Ironman how bout we go a few rounds, work off some of that steam.” Steve suggests punching Ironman in the arm lightly, mostly because he didn’t want to hurt his hand from hitting the armor. Ironman turned to him and Steve backed up a little scared of him.
Another alternative story MAJOR STONY
“Alright can you tell him I want to talk when he gets back?” Steve asked and Tony smiled.
“You should have been.” Ironman said angrily and continued to cry but got up.
“Come on.” Tony said tugging at the leash making Peter stumble forward and Peter was shocked to find out that the collar didn’t shock him when he exited the box.
“Who’s the kid?” The strange man asked.
“I know you probably can’t hear me right now, but Jensen is pretty messed up, Jared too. We all miss you bud. I know you want us to move on but it’s so hard to stick together when you’re gone...” Richard whispered crying silently and holding the collar.
“You guys should probably head to bed.” Peter said and Jared nodded going to his room and Jensen stayed behind.
“I- I can see in those you know whenever whatever happened happened my senses have been dialed up to 11.” Peter said justifying his design for his suit.
“I’ll stay out of your stuff!” Steve said and Ironman smiled Tony chuckling and kissing Ironman on the cheek.
“You know what will happen if you escape and I’m willing to bet you don’t want that to happen again.” Ironman taunted and Peter nodded letting Ironman do whatever he wanted with him.
“Hey don’t harass my bodyguard!” Tony came into the room and Ironman smiled gratefully.
“Well... I’m the consequence of that plus the arc reactors to keep us alive...” Ironman said and Pepper looked at him baffled.
“I got to keep running he might find me.” Peter said quietly and Jensen looked at him worriedly.
“Don’t worry I won’t hurt you.” Mark said seeing Peter’s nervousness. Peter didn’t feel his spider sense going off so he relaxed.
“Y-yeah. I can feel- that!” Peter Peter struggled as Jensen didn’t stop putting pressure on this one spot that made Peter blush hard.
“Geez man I’m sorry!” Clint said backing up as Ironman stepped towards him.
“So I heard you’re a run away.” Mark said coming into the room as Jared and Misha left and Peter nodded getting nervous.
“That reminds me how old were you when all of this was happening?” Tony asked confused because the timeline in Tony’s head didn’t make sense.
Peter looked at Tony horrified and shocked. Tony just killed himself for him. Peter surprisingly broke off the collar easily and tilted his head confused. Tony switched out the collars. Peter jumped out the window and swung away to his apartment realizing what just happened and sighed going to sleep crying.
“It’s fine anymore questions?” Peter asked and Tony bit his lip not wanting to ask but did anyway.
“It’s okay Ironman nothing bad was said about you you’re actually pretty great.” Pepper said and Ironman smiled softly.
“I know you Tony.” Peter said and Tony grit his teeth feeling more ashamed.
“There.” Tony said and Peter tried examining the collar to feel what he put on it but Tony shocked him and Peter yelped again.
“Fine, Peter if you’re here, do something... anything!” Jensen said and Peter sighed biting the inside of his cheek.
“What’s taking so long?” Tony asked leaning against the door.
“23” Jensen nodded and looked at Peter.
“I’m sorry Pepper but I don’t feel that way and he doesn’t either.” Ironman said confidently and Pepper left. Ironman got in the armor and went directly to Tony following the feeling of their connection.
“Love you Pep.” Tony said in love and Pepper smiled.
“Did you kiss back?” Ironman asked and Tony sighed.
“Don’t.” Tony said face palming.
“Peter...” Mark whispered and Peter looked up at Mark blushing embarrassed. Mark then tapped the inside of the collar and Peter felt it shaking his head.
“One.” Tony said smiling. Ironman kissed him as long as he could and Tony kissed back just as passionate. Tony laughed as they broke apart.
“Umm I guess... not.” Steve said awkwardly blushing embarrassed.
“Yeah it’s your time to shine Ironman.” Tony said confidently nodding and putting a hand on Ironman’s arm.
“What’s keeping you here?” Mark asked trying to stay quiet.
“No I take it back I’m sorry!” Clint said and Tony laughed.
“Ironman you don’t have to do this yet. You can do this later but not like this not now.” Tony said putting his hand on Ironman’s arm.
Steve knocked on the door of the lab and was surprised to see Ironman patching up a wound on Tony.
“Spider-Man.” Peter corrected him and closed his eyes just waiting for Tony to strangle him or something. He opened his eyes after a few seconds hesitantly and saw Tony looking him at confused.
“Now a special guest speaker.” The tour guide said and Peter felt himself fill with dread not wanting to even see Tony Stark. They all sat down and Peter stayed in the back as far from Stark as he could as he walked on stage and started answering questions.
“O-oh...” Steve stuttered still scared of him. Steve left Tony alone and Tony sighed sadly.
“Bruce is an exception.” Tony said flipping some switches and working on something. Peter sighed glad that he didn’t get electrocuted for the question and looked up sadly at Bruce. Bruce froze feeling a wave of sympathy for the kid but looked away refusing to look at him any longer.
“Who was following you?” Ironman asked.
“So you can get out of the armor!” Steve said sounding excited.
Several days passed and each day Mark would come visit him and read him stories and tell him what was happening out in the world. Peter tried waking up for Mark many times but it still wasn’t working.
“That was awesome!” Clint said impressed and and Steve chuckled at Clint’s reaction.
“Yes ma’m.” Clint said disappearing into the vents.
~~~summary time~~~
“Now, stay still and accept it.” Tony said threateningly kissing him again and Peter turned his head away disgusted. Tony shocked him again and Peter whimpered trying not to scream again.
“You just missed him. He has went out on a personal leave.” Tony said and Steve nodded.
“This next room is our living room where these idiots like to watch our own show.” Mark said and Peter waved only getting slightly noticed.
Peter was glad to be ignored most of the time and he closed his eyes trying to forget the memories of Stark torturing him and he got lost in a memory of Jensen and Jared.
“I got bit by a radioactive spider now I have superpowers.” Peter said and Tony sighed sadly.
“Hey Tony!” Natasha came in the room and looked at Tony in the armor confused.
“Sh*t I really messed up...” Steve said sighing in defeat.
“Accept it.” Tony said and Peter started to cry again.
“Peter!” Jensen said surprised and Jared looked at Peter scared. Alex stepped back surprised too and Peter disappeared.
“Enough.” Tony said smiling.
“I don’t know.” Ironman said truthfully stopping for a moment.
“I think our iron friend wants to keep his identity a secret and we have to respect that.” Thor said and Steve sighed only a tiny bit frustrated.
“Who are you?” Peter asked looking around the place.
“Wow.” Tony said putting the cereals down. Ironman was on the floor with stuff piled on top of him.
“I will be your bodyguard... if you’ll have me.” Steve said and Tony blushed
~~~~~~
“Nice to meet you!” Peter said happily and shook Robert’s hand. Robert gladly accepted.
Years passed and Peter turned 18 having the time of his life and having to deal with Fisk again. This time Tony offered to help him and he did. Tony and Peter fought together and defeating Doctor Octavias was so much easier the second time around and Tony even helped keep Sable off of him.
The bomb exploded and Tony was knocked back. He woke up confused as people around him were yelling and speaking a foreign language. Tony woke up again and noticed someone beside him. He then looked at what looked like a mirror but his eyes were glowing a bright blue and his skin was a dark grey.
“Come on.” Ironman said and Tony followed. Steve sighed as they left and felt a little heartbroken knowing that him and them weren’t going to have that dinner.
“Like this.” Tony said putting his hands on the helmet and Steve eyes widened significantly. Tony chuckled.
“Yes but I have so much other stuff to do I just don’t have the materials yet or the time to...” Peter trailed off realizing he was saying too much.
“That would be awesome Mr. Stark.” Peter said not wanting to call him Tony.
“Let’s get back to work!” Tony said and Ironman smiled happily and went back to work on the armor.
“Can I Please.” Tony said his urges getting to him.
“Why do you have Ironman’s armor on?” Natasha said confused.
“He’s not!” Tony said angrily his eyes flaming, standing up and glaring at Steve. Steve backed up stunned.
“Oh come on man you at least have to show up. You’ll never know if you don’t show up.” Sam said and Steve sighed.
“You are coming with me.” The stranger said shoving him into a van and tying his wrists together. Peter just let himself be taken he wasn’t Spider-Man right now he couldn’t fight back plus it was just rope he could break out later.
“Thanks.” Ironman said and then gave Tony control. Tony took the helmet back off and ate the sandwich. ‘This is a good sandwich.’ Ironman thought enjoying it.
“It’s okay Peter he won’t touch it again.” Jared said and Peter smiled glad Jared kept his promise to keep the collar away from Misha.
Peter came home one night and saw a really fancy car in the parking lot and that confused Peter a lot.
“Hey you alright?” Ned asked and Peter nodded.
Peter sighed softly stopping somewhere in Canada. He couldn’t tell where he was but he knew he was many many miles away from Tony Stark. Peter found a little town and settled in a huge tree which was surprisingly good at giving shelter. He was a little ways from falling asleep when he heard someone call up the tree.
Steve grumbled heartbroken and stared at his ceiling angry.
Peter swung away quickly going to the nearest alleys and tunnels and finally hid in the tunnels glad to be away from Stark. Peter even felt ashamed to say that he enjoyed it a tiny bit.
“It was real I wouldn’t have these reminders if it wasn’t.” Jared said holding up his phone.
“J-Jensen?” Peter said looking at Jensen in confusion while trying to calm down.
“What do you mean?” Tony asked confused.
“Peter?” Jensen said as Jared left heading to Misha’s room.
“Yeah I’m really here. Just don’t let go of that collar I don’t want you to abandon me somewhere.” Peter said and Mark nodded hugging the collar protectively. Peter shook his head stretching his neck feeling the weird pressure around his throat again.
“I think he was just jealous though.” Peter said comparing how the cast treated Alexander and how the cast treated him.
“I could never stay mad at you.” Ironman said separating and hugging Tony and kissing him passionately. Tony kisses back just as passionate relief flooding through his system.
“So commanding.” Tony said but handed him his cereal.
“Are your eyes blue?” Steve asked and Tony smiled. Tony took his sunglasses off showing his brown eyes for a second before putting them back on.
“I miss him so much.” Jensen said crying and glaring at the collar which still continued to hurt Peter. Richard sighed sadly.
Tony got out of the armor and hid in his lab to just cry. He really was just a mess up. Tony cried all his self loathing getting to him and his eyes lit up and burned as he cried. Tony wiped away his tears the tears flaming against his cheeks.
“Jared!” Peter yelled walking into the room and Jared perked up like he heard him.
“I was looking for Ironman I thought I heard him...” Steve said looking around the lab.
~~~~~~
“Sorry Tony but we have to talk.” Ironman said grabbing his arm and Tony let himself be dragged away by Ironman.
“That was a college level question Mr. Parker I’m impressed.” Tony said and Peter looked at the ground refusing to look at Tony.
“He’ll be fine.” Jensen said and then they snuggled and fell asleep together.
“You’re in a good mood.” Steve noticed.
“You don’t deserve any of this and I will kill whoever made you think that.” Steve said protectively and Tony blushed
“What is the meeting about?” Tony asked sitting down in a chair next to Steve. Ironman huffed biting his lip and glaring at Tony.
“I’m Ironman!” Ironman said as Tony gave over control once the helmet was all the way on.
“No you don’t let him go!” Tony yelled and Ironman sighed.
“Were you cutting to punish me or you?” Tony asked and Ironman glared at him.
“H-hey.” Peter greeted shivering a bit the cold getting to him.
“A more comfortable setting.” Tony said and Peter tilted his head confused and a bit scared of what that meant. Tony walked Peter into a bedroom and Peter looked around confused and scared. Tony attached the chain to a thing on the wall and Peter struggled trying to get away but Tony shocked him and Peter sighed sitting down and leaning against the wall he was stuck to.
“Tom! Wake up Tom it’s not real!” Mark said and Peter woke up looking absolutely terrified.
“I just came to see what you guys were doing plus I miss Peter...” Alex said looking at Peter’s collar.
“Dame It Tony.” Bruce whispered glaring at the ceiling.
“It’s not fair!” Tony yelled out burying his head in his knees.
“I saw that collar Tony, don’t lie to me.” Bruce said not believing what Tony was doing to the poor kid.
“Also don’t shock me to hard.” Peter said getting the broken collar on and Tony looked at him horrified.
“Surprise!” Tony said and Clint celebrated
“We will all testify okay he won’t be getting out of jail.” Mark reassured him and Peter nodded shivering still unable to get the collar off.
“keep this from crushing you.” Tony said and flipped a switch as the device slowly started approaching Peter. Peter realized he didn’t have a choice in the matter and accepted the weight holding it up. Peter didn’t struggle for a while that is until Tony flipped a switch and the weight became much heavier.
“What do you need Ironman.” Tony said entering the room.
“Howard.” Tony froze when hearing his fathers name come up in conversation.
Ironman closed the panel leaving Peter stuck to the wall in the dark and Peter cried.
“Can I touch you?” Jensen asked and Peter nodded and Jensen hugged him gently and Peter hugged back crying into his shoulder.
“Wrong answer.” Tony said and approached Peter. Peter tried to back up but Tony grabbed him holding him down.
“We probably will never see him again. I thought you said you would keep him out of the vents?” Steve said sadly.
“Really Ironman?” Tony said laughing. ‘What?’ Ironman said laughing with Tony.
“Okay Peter this time I brought something to test your speed.” Tony said as a treadmill thing was brought into the room. Peter looked at the random workers and thought of yelling out for help but held his tongue not wanting to be shocked again. Tony smiled in delight seeing Peter stay silent.
“Don’t.” Peter said feeling Tony move kissing at his neck lightly. Tony stopped himself bowing his head ashamed.
“But I thought you used to live with your aunt May?” Tony said puzzled.
“Must be disappointed.” Tony went rigid and just wanted cry but held himself together.
“You should leave me.” Tony said pushing Peter away.
“I’m afraid I can’t do that, Tony.” Ironman said and dragged Peter away to the lab and Peter followed him feeling helpless. Tony went after Ironman and stopped him.
“No I need to tell them eventually.” Ironman said about to cry again.
~~~~~
“Oh sorry...” Pepper said sheepishly.
“You’re making an AI?!” Tony said seriously impressed and saw that it was just as advanced as what Tony made for Jarvis.
“Stop.” Tony said and Steve stopped immediately.
“Now What can you hear?” Mark said calmly.
“Problem?” Ironman asked noticing Clint stare.
“Clint was right.” Tony said smiling and Natasha looked angry.
“Come on let’s go.” Tony said opening the door. Peter looked at Tony confused.
“Go away!” Tony yelled out and Steve sighed sadly feeling his heart sink but didn’t leave just leaning against the door and sitting down against it.
“Is this about Peter?” Richard asked and Jensen nodded solemnly.
“Where are we going?” Tony asked as Ironman dragged him into the elevator.
“Mark you’re drunk.” Misha said sadly and held Mark up.
“W-What do you m-mean?” Ironman stuttered feeling fear grip him tight.
“Please stop.” Tony pleaded getting on his knees and Ironman sighed cleaning up his wounds and Tony sighed feeling his wounds clean up too.
“Uhh we also have cereal.” Jared said seeing Peter’s reluctance.
“I wish there was something I could do.” Tony said sadly.
“I still remind you of him?” Tony asked sadly and Peter nodded hesitantly.
“Is that a profile for me?” Tony asked and watched as Steve got nervous becoming a blushing mess.
“Okay it’s really you.” Clint said happily and Ironman smiled.
“I know.” Peter said and put and hand on Tony’s shoulder.
“Did you kill him?” Someone asked and Peter shook his head.
~~~April fools~~~
“Hurry up.” Tony said threateningly and Peter stopped in his tracks not wanting to get closer to Tony.
“I need to see if he put a tracker in me.” Peter said and started heading for the door and Jensen quickly cleaned up and followed him.
“Kinda hard to make a dead man pay.” Peter said when Tony looked at him weirdly when he laughed.
“My deepest apologies Mr. Stark.” Peter said and Tony whined.
Misha paused seeing Peter’s collar on the table. Misha sighed sadly and picked up the collar and Peter backed up not prepared for the sudden pressure on his neck. Misha took the collar, bringing it somewhere and Peter had no choice but to follow. Misha went in this building and Peter followed.
“I told you Tony I have friends.” Peter said and Tony smiled.
“I was-“
“What is happening?” Peter said worriedly and Tom just stared at Peter amazed. Tony then stepped closer to Tom.
“Peter.” Mark said still sobbing
“I’m sorry.” Tony said leaning against him. “It’s not your fault I look like this.” Ironman said looking down at his blackened skin.
“Y-you know I was actually having a really good day today.” Peter said stepping away from Tony and Tony picked up his suit examining it. Peter told him how his day was and tried not to remember the last time Tony found out who he was.
“He killed him and my friend killed him back. I got to run away again after that.” Peter said smiling sadly remembering how sad Mark was when Peter died.
~~~time-skip~~~
“Introduce yourself.” Jared said to the cast and a shorter man stepped forward.
“Yeah I know but Tony is just as protective of Ironman as Ironman is protective of Tony.” Natasha said sighing in defeat.
“It’s been seven months now and we still don’t know who he is.” Clint said frustrated.
“He is not a kid and I have to do this to him he deserves it.” Ironman said pressing a button that made the panel see through and watched as Peter cried.
“What do you mean?” Tony said not having an answer.
“No you’re not.” Ironman said knowing Tony was faking it.
“P-Pepper k-kissed y-you?” Tony asked stuttering.
“Okay Ironman tell me something only you would know.” Clint said looking at Ironman curiously.
“He is Ironman and that is all you need to know.” Tony said seriously.
“Tony What did you do to him?” Bruce asked seeing Peter almost in tears. Tony sighed
Peter panted tiredly arriving at the place. Peter looked around and then rung the door bell. The door opened and Peter smiled seeing a scruffy man in a trench coat.
“Steve Rogers.” J.A.R.V.I.S answered simply.
“Tony!” Peter screamed out as Tony watched the numbers rise higher and higher.
“Let me go.” Peter demanded still glaring at Tony.
“Right.” Richard said and squeezed the collar angrily. Peter felt the pressure on his throat get harder and looked at Jensen pleadingly.
“I should probably sleep goodnight Peter.” Alex said caressing the collar once more then putting it down carefully. Peter shivered but was somewhat comforted by Alex’s touch.
“Okay.” Ironman said letting go.
“Tony wait!” Steve said chasing after him but Tony got to his lab and locked it down before Steve could get to him.
“Steve clam down he is-“ Bruce got cut off by Steve chocking him.
“Get out of here.” Ironman said and Peter ran towards Tony hugging him gratefully then ran out the door going back to his apartment.
“Really why couldn’t you just use the new suit?” Tony asked getting a little impatient.
“Tell him I said thanks.” Clint said and Tony wanted to burst out laughing. ‘Oooo. Wow low blow Clint low blow.’ Tony thought smiling mentally.
“Stay away from me.” Peter said then screamed again as Tony electrocuted him again.
“J, you can unlock the lab now.” Tony said and Ironman walked out.
~~~~~~
“Alright.” Steve said and then they went on with their day.
Rhodey helped him when he was injured he was the War Machine. Rhodey found him in the desert, helped Tony hide his identity, even got in the Ironman armor to help when Tony and Ironman needed to be in the same place at the same time. Rhodey was Tony’s best friend since college and was always there for him.
“What?” Tony said confused.
“Maybe Let’s make a plan.” Ironman said smiling.
“I can still hear him.” Jensen said crying and Jared comforted him.
“What can you feel?” Mark asked and Peter shook his head confused but answered.
“I will be back to collect you later Peter.” Tony’s voice said and Peter cried curling in on himself.
“I love you, it’s okay. You’re safe you are not bad. You’re beautiful. You are not scary. You are not a monster.” Tony said knowing what Ironman thought of himself. Ironman cried into Tony’s shoulder as Tony whispered comforting phrases into his ear.
“He knocked over a glass? Why?” Jensen said confused.
“C-can you stay... until I fall asleep.” Peter said hesitantly feeling really childish and Jensen smiled at the younger man.
“Yeah no problem!” Tony said taking off his sunglasses and taking his hands out of his pockets as Steve left. Tony looked in the mirror and smiled.
“Well now we know Ironman doesn’t want us to question him. Question is, are we going to leave them alone?” Steve said glaring at the empty space Tony used to occupy.
“You’ll be alright you’re safe here.” Jared said and Peter nodded shivering slightly the memories coming back.
“Do we need to talk about this?” Ironman asked and Tony nodded closing in on himself.
“Why did you draw me with blue eyes?” Tony asked Steve.
~~~~~~
“Why do you care about me?” Ironman asked still crying.
“Oh sorry.” Peter said letting Tony go.
“Y-you’re Ironman.” Steve said still not moving.
“Better.” Tony said and Bruce glared at him.
~~~~~~
“He drugged me and beat me I couldn’t fight back.” Peter said tearing up and bringing his knees up to his chest.
“The important part is you got out. You’re safe now.” Jensen tried reassuring him and Peter nodded looking to Jensen crying now.
Tony and Ironman were working in the lab together working on their suit when they heard Pepper come in.
“I’m fine.” Tony said faking his cheerfulness seeing Ironman frown at him.
“Do you remember?” Peter asked and Tony tilted his head confused.
“I think you made him angry...” Jensen said.
“I know it’s a stupid assumption you clearly aren’t the same person.” Pepper said and Ironman sighed feeling angry.
“Tony What are you doing in here?” Pepper said looking around.
“Okay great.” Tony said and nodded leaving the room.
“Tony he doesn’t deserve you. You can defend yourself.” Steve said angrily and Tony backed up looking at Steve in confusion.
“Fine I will let him go.” Tony said and Peter leapt up excited. He was going to get out of here!
“Peter!” Tony called out and Peter quickly looked away from the device and looked to Tony confused. Tony came over to him and tugged on his collar bringing him up and Peter followed his movements confused and a little bit scared. Tony then attached something to the collar and that confused Peter more.
“I can’t believe it worked.” Ironman said hugging back.
“I learn fast.” Peter said and then continued working and Tony looked at him puzzled. ‘Right. It’s like he’s done this before’ Tony thought watching Peter work.
“I will never tell.” Tony said smiling and Ironman chuckled from inside Tony’s mind.
“I’m sorry Tony.” Ironman said again looking down sadly and Tony felt a spike of guilt.
“Can we at least keep the colors?” Tony asked seeing Peter alter more parts of the original suit Tony made.
“Come on let’s go back we don’t want Steve snooping around our room.” Ironman said and Tony’s eyes widened unlocking the lab and running towards their room. Ironman laughed and ran after Tony happily.
“Why don’t you trust us.” Steve said getting angry and Ironman stepped back scared.
“Oh so you get to be dramatic but I don’t! This is serious you almost killed him!” Peter said angry at Tony now.
“I just want to protect you.” Steve said firmly and Tony nodded shirking slightly under the gaze of Steve.
“Okay I’m sorry.” Tony said getting the last thing that was pinning Ironman down off of him.
“You happy?” Ironman asked sourly.
“It’s alright you’re not him.” Peter reminded himself and calmed down a bit still trying to move on.
“Go away Steve!” Ironman yelled and Steve sighed not leaving.
“Stop yelling at him I told him to do something.” Jensen said calming Jared down.
“I still have nightmares.” Peter said and Tony looked at him with sadness and understanding.
“Then let’s start.” Steve said getting onto the mat. Steve and Ironman sparred for a while Steve using his super strength to over power Ironman it only ever worked a few times though because the armor made Ironman stronger. Eventually Ironman had Steve pinned.
“Thanks.” Peter said and sighed happily.
“Okay.” Tony said and took his hand away remembering their last meeting.
“What do you want Rogers?” Tony asked trying to sound cheerful.
“What do you guys have?” Peter asked following Jared into the kitchen.
“Yeah I know why.” Ironman said sadly reminded of what happened in Afghanistan.
“They wanted to have a meeting.” Ironman said motioning to the Avengers on the couches.
“You were rushing me and I fell.” Ironman said putting his face into the floor embarrassed.
~~~~~
“You useless, worthless, piece of sh*t!” Ironman yelled punching Tony in the face and kicking him when he was on the ground. Tony didn’t fight back knowing he deserved this. Tony winced a particularly hard kick cracking his ribs.
“R-right, I just had this dream, y-you know what it’s not important. S-So how have... you... been?” Peter asked stuttering, going to his old locker and opening it.
“Whatever Tony...” Ironman said coldly then got in the armor and left.
“Holland.” Peter said quickly smiling at Jensen.
“The only thing stuck in you is this.” The doctor said and Peter started to panic.
“Not here.” Ironman said and then picked up Tony and Tony blushed feeling a bit flustered by his actions.
“We won’t be scared.” Natasha said trying to be reassuring.
“Tony I mean Ironman.” Pepper called out to him and Ironman looked up at her.
“Mark.” Peter breathed out and rubbed his neck then got up looking for Mark. Peter shivered as he felt the hand put pressure on a certain spot rubbing it and Peter shivered trying to flinch from the hand but he couldn’t get away. He thought he told Mark to not do that!
~~~after the announcement that Ironman was just a bodyguard~~~
“I’m Mark Sheppard.” He said in a British accent and Peter smiled.
“You still haven’t put it together yet from last night!” Ironman said and Tony smiled guiltily.
“Where is Peter.” He heard Steve demand and Peter took this chance to call out for help sure Steve would save him.
“I love you and only you.” Tony said and Ironman smiled.
“Yeah not exactly sure how it works but basically I’m Tony and he’s also me but Ironman.” Tony explained and Pepper looked at them confused but sighed.
“Well it is just that you have anger issues... and th-that, it is a little scary when you point the blasters at us.” Steve said trying not to freak out only stuttering when Ironman pointed a blaster at him. Ironman looked at Steve angrily then sighed and lowered his hand taking the blaster away from his face.
“What were you doing with Peter’s collar?” Jared asked upset at Misha.
~~~~~~
“See you later.” Tony said smiling and getting back to work.
“Jarvis tell Ironman to get in the suit I’m being tailed.” Tony said quietly and Jarvis sent the message. Tony knocked on the lab door.
“Only if you want to.” Tony said calmly.
The Supernatural cast made sure Tom didn’t do anything he didn’t want to on Supernatural and even gave him a double if Tom didn’t feel like doing the scene. Tom turned out to be an angel undercover in the Men of Letters and Tom had fun.
~~~back to the present~~~
~~~~~
“I’m sorry.” Tony said again crying into Peter’s shoulder.
“What was that!” Steve asked again not fully processing this.
“Come on let’s go to bed.” Tony said standing up and Ironman nodded and let Tony take control. Tony brought them to their room and lied down on the bed locking the door.
“Ready Peter.” Tony said and Peter shook his head and got shocked only whimpering in pain.
“How old are you Tom?” Jensen asked and Peter answered honestly.
“Tony I’m sorry.” Ironman said feeling the agony and heartbreak Tony was going through.
“I’m sorry...” Tony said sadly not knowing what he did to Peter in Peter’s past life.
“Really he treats me right it’s okay.” Tony said calming Steve down and Steve sighed.
“Peter please!” Jensen begged and Peter knocked down a file of papers like a cat.
“But I won’t! Not around anyone.” Ironman said quickly.
“Okay Jarvis put the lab on lockdown.” Tony commanded and the door closed locking out Natasha.
“Just help me!”  Ironman said taking off the helmet.
“So what we go over there ask them to burn this collar turn it to ashes and you think they will just do it?” Jensen said angrily.
“About what happened... my family didn’t die... I did, Tony killed me.” Peter admitted and Tony looked at him baffled and confused.
“Help!” Peter yelled and yelped as Tony shocked him again. Steve knocked Tony back and charged into the room shield in hand. Steve froze seeing Peter crying and chained to the wall.
“It’s okay Tom it’s not illegal to smile.” Mark said and then looked at him sadly as Peter frowned and hid again.
“Stay still and I won’t cut you.” Tony said and so Peter tried staying perfectly still. Tony then cut his shirt off and Peter shivered feeling violated.
“Hehe you people are so petty.” Thor cut in and Tony was grateful for that. ‘Calm down Ironman!’ Tony yelled at him and Ironman huffed angrily. ‘When I get to him he’s dead.’ Ironman said and Tony put his knuckles against his forehead. ‘Shh it’s okay he won’t hurt me and he didn’t so calm down. Also next time we are in the armor we are going together.’ Tony thought not trusting Ironman to go alone. ‘Okay fine but I get most of the control’ Ironman said and Tony sighed in relief. ‘Deal’ Tony said and looked back up as Bruce started talking.
“I’m so sorry!” Jensen said crying into Peter’s shoulder.
“Yeah so are you gonna go?” Ned asked and Peter tried not to freak out.
“Hey, To- Ironman.” Clint said surprised staring at Ironman.
“Ask Rogers.” Ironman said fed up with Clint and Clint ran out determined to find Steve and figure out the mystery of Ironman and Tony. ‘That went well.’ Tony said mentally grinning.
“Is he hurting you?” Steve asked and Tony shook his head not wanting Steve to think that.
“Uh I uhm... Okay...” Tony stammered.
“Where are we going?” Peter asked upset.
“Shh it’s okay you’re safe now.” Steve said tiredly holding Tony in place and Tony gave up letting himself get snuggled by Captain America. Steve kissed Tony’s neck and Tony blushed.
“What?” Dimitri said confused by Jared’s actions and words.
~~~~~~
“It’s okay Ironman calm down.” Tony said as the lab locked down giving them privacy.
“I know I lied, my name isn’t Tom Holland. It’s Peter Parker and I’m Spider-Man and this is Tony the one who put this stupid collar on me and tortured me.” Peter said pulling on the the collar and glaring at Tony’s body.
“How did you do that prank with the glowing eyes?” Steve asked and Tony smiled.
“What do you mean ‘this universe’?” Robert questioned Tony.
“Jensen said you could help me?” Peter said shuffling awkwardly.
“How did you know to come?” Ironman asked feeling embarrassed.
Peter missed Mark and hoped he was okay. Maybe Mark was fine I mean he wouldn’t remember him anyway. Peter thought sadly remembering how broken up Mark was about his death.
“Thanks.” Peter said and smiled at Steve.
Ned nudged him and Peter opened his eyes snapping back from the memory and looking at Ned confused and then he realized everyone was staring at him.
“Nah you can have it.” Tony replied their bodies half and half.
“Okay.” Clint said in understanding.
“Who?” Tony asked whispering in his ear.
“I was so stupid!” Tony yelled getting in the armor and blasting the wall with the armor and it made a huge burn mark unlike when he didn’t have the armor on. Tony flew in the air clearing his head.
“Fine.” Ironman said and grabbed Tony’s hand merging with him. Ironman felt every thought Tony was thinking and every feeling Tony was and Ironman frowned slightly.
“Don’t lie to me!” Ironman yelled angrily and Tony looked down guiltily as Ironman released the pressure on his throat a bit so he could talk.
Peter looked in his backpack and laughed seeing his first suit that he made. Man he missed this. Peter got on the suit and went Spider-Manning for a bit enjoying every second of it and even stopped a car crash saving a bus full of people.
“We already tried burning it, don’t look at me like that.” Mark said quietly as Jensen looked like Mark insulted him by just having the collar.
“Aww I’m sorry please forgive me.” Ironman said grabbing Tony’s hand. Tony pulled away.
“I will always be here for you.” Mark said holding his hand and kissing it. Mark then started reading commenting on the story every now and then and that made Peter happy. Peter was glad that Mark was still here.
“I’ll find a way.” Ironman said putting their foreheads together.
“I’m afraid you won’t be going anywhere.” Tony said taking the vial of blood and left the room. Peter watched in horror as Tony left him alone and Peter growled in frustration.
“Hey Ironman!” Steve greeted happily and smiled.
“Are you mad at me?” Jensen asked looking down almost in tears.
“Want me to take you on a tour of the house?” Mark asked smiling and Peter smiled back opening his eyes and lifting his head up from his arms.
“I-...” Jensen didn’t know what to say.
Peter started sobbing hearing Tony just walk away and abandon him. Robert saw the portal closing and turned around.
“Geez kid. You’re gonna give me a heart attack.” Tony said and Peter smiled.
“Turns out this metal Vibranium comes from Wakanda.” Jared said after doing some research.
“Pepper... hi...” Ironman said awkwardly.
“Now you are going to do exactly as I say or this.” Tony said hitting the button again and Peter let out a strangled cry withering on the ground.
“Could you give Ironman this.” Steve held out a letter and Tony tilted his head curiously.
“It’s me Ironman.” Ironman said looking at Clint like he was crazy.
“Three Fifty one.” Peter said sighing and wiping away his tears. Peter shook his head trying to make the memories go away and wiped away his tears again. Peter tried sleeping but the memories got so bad he couldn’t fall asleep. Peter cried again just wanting the memories to go away.
“Love you too Tony.” She said walking away and Tony couldn’t help but want her. He felt nothing but admiration and love. He shook his head and then went to the meeting.
“Yeah I can do that.” Tony said nodding and setting the letter down. Tony really wanted to read it now but Steve was still in the room.
Tony sighed again and walked over to where he threw his sunglasses. Tony picked up the now broken sunglasses and sighed sadly. Tony quickly fixed them and then put them on as he unlocked the lab.
“Don’t worry. If you want me to talk to them first I can.” Tony suggested.
~~~~~~
“I have to.” Ironman said and Tony growled.
“Steve...” Ironman’s voice crackled through the speakers the voice changer still on.
“Hey, he is going on a mission to figure out who Ironman is okay.” Natasha said calming Steve down.
“Uhh I just wanted to see Ironman where is he?” Clint said looking around confused.
“No! Stop!” Peter yelled out scared and started crying getting shocked again. Peter woke with a start breathing heavily the memories of his past life still haunting him as he felt around his throat relived to not have the collar on anymore.
“What?” Natasha said and then Ironman gave Tony control and his eyes ceased to glow as the lights turned back on as Tony hit the switch.
“Can I touch you?” Tony asked and Peter shook his head backing up against the wall his panic getting the best of him.
“What?” Clint said looking at them confused.
Peter whimpered as Tony took Peter’s tie off and grabbed the metal collar hooking Peter up to the wall.
“Okay new rule, don’t make Peter angry.” Jensen said and Jared nodded feeling guilty for making Peter mad at him. Alex nodded also a little scared of what would happen if Peter ever did get angry at him.
~~~alternatively~~~
“I made him angry?!” Jared yelled approaching Jensen. Peter materialized pushing Jared back away from Jensen angrily.
“He’s Spider-Man!” Tony said back also getting angry.
“Tom please wake up I don’t care if your real name is Peter you’ll always be Tom to me. I know why you changed your name and I would too and I just don’t wanna lose you. Tom please wake up!” Mark yelled crying out.
“Ya know if you ever get claustrophobic we can switch places.” Ironman said after a while of silence just the sounds of Tony working filling the room.
“Yeah you did.” Tony said still a bit angry at him.
“Well he isn’t doing his job then.” Steve said angrily.
“I got to go, see you later Peter.” Bruce said and left the room. Peter shook his head and put a hand in his pocket feeling the EMP in his pocket. Peter was going to get it out and look at it but Tony entered the room.
“I- I should go...” Pepper stuttered feeling embarrassed.
“Mr. Stark he’s dead.” Peter said smiling and Tony looked at him only a little freaked out as to why Peter was celebrating this person’s death.
“I’m Dimitri but you can call me Misha.” Dimitri said and Peter nodded.
“Steve let me go!” Tony yelled turning towards him but kept his eyes closed tightly.
“I get it Tony stop looking like you ruined your chance of me helping you.” Peter said and Tony chuckled feeling embarrassed.
“He deserves this.” Ironman said and Tony shook his head.
“Are you going to sleep on my floor or...” Tony trailed off completely confused as to why Peter just decided to drop in.
“I swear I saw that kid somewhere before.” He heard someone say and then some typing.
~~~~~~
~~~~~~
“Yeah I wanted to tell you that you’re off the team.” Steve said and Tony froze shocked and frowning now.
“Steve.” Clint said as Steve walked in.
“Fine.” Steve said going to go train.
“I’m sorry I’m so sorry!” Tony said and Peter sighed.
~~~~~
“Mark.” Peter said and Mark smiled hugging Peter and Peter hugged back smiling.
“Don’t touch our stuff!” Tony said and Steve nodded blushing embarrassed.
“Tony you better make me one too.” Ironman said sounding angry and Steve frowned.
“I just wish they would back off.” Ironman said taking a bite also.
“Peter!” He heard May call out and Peter rushed out of his bedroom and looked at May.
“Certainly sir.” JARVIS replied and Tony smiled as armor wrapped itself around his body.
“Peter...” Jensen said looking strait at him and Peter smiled.
“Thinking of escaping? I hope not.” Tony said and Peter glared at the ground angrily. Tony put the remote in a pocket in his suit and Peter silently cursed in his head. He wasn’t ever going to get that stupid remote from Tony.
Peter was walking down the street heading to class when he got jumped. Someone pulled him in an alley way and held a knife to his neck.
“Yeah we can keep the colors.” Peter said and Tony smiled just glad he could keep part of the suit still his present to Peter. Tony then remembered a protocol he had installed in the suit and quickly tried to remove it not wanting to offend Peter anymore but Peter found it.
~~~the fight~~~
“Alright.” Tony said taking another bite. They both ate in silence.
“I’m so sorry Peter.” Bruce said and Peter looked up at him crying.
“Stop trying to shoot me then!” Peter said angrily dodging again. Tony realized he wasn’t going to hit Peter and put the gun down. Peter sighed frustrated and paced again staring Tony down. Tony glared back and then held up a remote.
“The vents.” Natasha said sighing.
~~~alternatively~~~
Peter whimpered terrified as Tony shocked him again.
“Your eyes are beautiful... why do you hide them?” Steve asked in admiration.
“Who are you?” Tony and Robert asked at the same time.
“Bad news is that your ribs won’t be healing as fast as we need them to be.” Bruce said worriedly.
“He escaped last time I had to have something that could contain him.” Tony tried defending himself but he knew how it looked and sounded.
“A guy.” Peter said and Jensen winced feeling more bad for the poor boy.
“Just doing my best.” Ironman said helping Steve stand up.
“I don’t know.” Tony said lying because he didn’t have a real answer.
“Nope I don’t think I will.” Tony said chuckling softly and then turning around going to some tools on the table behind him.
“Why am I home?” Peter asked then did a double take. Why was his voice so high pitched?! Peter got up and hurriedly went to the mirror.
“Okay get up.” Tony said and Peter stood up glad to be off and away from Tony.
“Y-yes.” Tony said guiltily and Ironman cried harder feeling broken inside.
“Whatever you are happy I get it.” Steve said looking away.
“You think this is narcissistic?” Tony asked tilting his head.
Ironman hit Tony in the face angrily.
“The collar.” Peter said glaring at the collar.
“Is he okay?” Misha asked worriedly and Mark nodded as Peter sighed closing his eyes momentarily just happy that Mark and Misha were here.
“What were you doing?” Tony said threateningly and Ironman laughed watching Tony yell at Steve angrily.
“Thanks Jensen.” Peter said gratefully.
“I hate myself.” Tony said closing his eyes and biting his lip.
“Just tell me the truth.” Steve said seriously.
~~~~~~
“We are a couple.” Ironman said and Steve deflated a little.
“We are relocating, I can’t have you looking like a prisoner.” Tony said straitening out his own suit and tie. Peter nodded. Peter looked around for the remote and saw it on the dresser in front of Tony. Peter wanted to go for it but Tony would see him. Peter grit his teeth almost yelling out as he got shocked again Tony picking up the remote and pushing a button.
“I’m sorry.” Mark said and left the room and Peter followed him. A girl stopped him and Peter looked at her confused.
“I’m Bruce.” He introduces himself and Peter tilted his head puzzled.
Steve spent more time with Tony after that and the more time he spent with Tony the more he started noticing things. It was little things at first like an unexplained bruise here and a lab accident cut there but as time went on Steve noticed it getting worse especially after difficult missions where Ironman got injured and angry.
~~~~~~
“Oh nothing just going to find out how you tick.” Tony said picking up dart gun with a powerful tranquilizer in it. Peter tensed up his spider sense going off. Tony turned around and shot at him and Peter just barely dodged it yelping out in surprise.
Peter watched Supernatural keeping up with the show just to see Jensen and Jared again and sometimes Misha and Mark. Peter also advanced his webs enough to 3.0 which was the best he could do with the materials and time he had.
“No they don’t. They don’t hate you and they won’t hate you.” Tony said trying to reassure him. Ironman tried to calm down but his self hate was getting to him.
“Okay Tony I’m sorry.” Ironman said smiling and then frowning slightly seeing that Tony was upset.
“He took me away from them and killed them.” Peter said tearing up knowing that they might as well be dead because none of the cast in this new life even knew he existed.
Peter sighed as he started coding trying to build his AI Karen again but his computer was slow and he wasn’t making much progress with everything he still had to do to be back in tip top Spider-Man shape.
“What’s taking so long?” Tony asked leaning against the door.
“I was gonna remove it...” Tony said and in a few keystrokes the protocol disappeared.
“My friends and family.” Peter said watching as Mark playing Crowley came into the scene.
“He said you have been lying to us all along and doesn’t belong anymore.” Mark said hesitantly and Peter felt a wave of sadness.
“It’s not your fault he is not you Tony.” Peter said and Tony nodded but still felt guilty.
“So do you actually want to tell, well, show them who you are?” Tony asked concerned.
“Hey Spider-Man.” Tony said and Peter fell off, catching himself barely and then walked his way back up and stood on the opposite side of the rails.
Tony sighed finally calming down his eyes finally going out. Tony looked around his dark room and then sighed again knowing he wasn’t going to get more sleep.
“Steve!” Tony greeted covering his arc reactor with one of his hand once it cooled off.
“Trying to figure out how to escape?” Tony asked rhetorically smiling at him and Peter glared back.
“That’s all on YouTube right? I mean that’s where you found that did you know it’s all fake it’s all done on the computer. It’s like that video” Peter said trying to get the idea that he was Spider-Man out of Tony’s mind.
“Y-yeah?” Peter stuttered trying not to be afraid of him.
“How did you escape?” Tony asked hesitantly.
“This isn’t you Tony.” Peter said backing up a bit.
“How do you think?” Natasha said angrily and Clint sighed disappointed.
“Tony did this glowing eyes thing with the armor making him look like Ironman.” Steve said and Tony chuckled trying to calm down Ironman feeling him starting to panic.
“I will make you a suit” Tony said feeling Ironman’s anxiety. ‘What?’ Ironman thought confused.
“Hey kid.” Some stranger said seeing Peter in the tree.
“just answer the question.” Tony said and Peter bit the inside of his cheek.
“He knocked over my research.” Jared complained and Alex chucked.
“How long?” Tony asked and Peter tilted his confused.
“I’m sorry Tony.” Ironman said feeling guilty.
“You know he stays in the lab too much.” Steve said and Tony sighed.
“You ready?” Tony asked Ironman as he started to walk to the door. ‘Yup’ Ironman thought and tried to focus on Tony’s feeling of protectiveness instead of his own feeling of panic.
“I said fine I will leave.” Tony said exiting the room.
“Ironman...” Tony whispered and sighed working on the armor and other projects.
“Bruce?” Peter said looking around to see if Tony was with him and sighed in relief not seeing Tony around.
Steve found himself drawing in his sketchbook and he sighed when he saw that he was drawing Tony. Steve wondered what Tony would look like in the armor so he drew it.
“Jim Beaver.” Another much older guy said and Peter nodded.
~~~Clint!~~~
“No I’m fine.” Peter said standing up then jumping out the window and Tony looked as he left shocked.
“I fell down the stairs...” Tony said hesitantly hoping that was believable. Telling by Steve’s frown Tony could tell he didn’t believe him.
~~~Alternatively~~~
“No problem and I’m sorry.” Bruce said frowning slightly.
“He found me six years later put that stupid collar on me again and drugged me. I lost my family, my friends, everyone.” Peter said crying. Tony looked at Peter in horror. That’s a lot to go through for a kid his age.
“I knew you would, mind if you train him?” Tony asked and Steve sighed but took the chain from Tony.
“A hero? Like you? You’re a laboratory experiment Rogers. Everything special about you came out of a bottle.” Tony said not backing down from Steve.
“I’m not mad of course I’m not mad. If anything I’m glad it’s you.” Steve said suddenly hugging him and Tony blushed hugging back happily.
“It’s okay feel free to draw me or the armor whenever you want. Can I see what you drew?” Tony asked and Steve hesitantly nodded handing over his sketch book.
“Wait I-...” but it was too late Tony already exited the room and flew away crying.
“Okay.” Peter said and let the girl take him to the afterlife.
“I couldn’t fight back, he tortured me.” Peter said and cried harder. Mark just gently set his hand on his shoulder and Peter cried for a long while. Mark just sitting there and comforting him silently.
“yeah but we did it.” Ironman said smiling and Tony smiled feeling comfort in Ironman’s words. They passed out the last thing they remember is the stars and the huge vastness of space.
“But you’re Spider-Man how could I have trapped you?” Tony asked and Peter sighed.
“Jensen is mad at you for not waking up.” Mark said and Peter mentally scoffed of course only Jensen would be mad at him for something he couldn’t control.
“Good job.” Tony praised him and Peter smiled stopping and panting tiredly.
“So Mr. Stark says you wanted to talk to me.” Tony said happily.
“Is Ironman treating you right?” Steve asked right away and Tony closed up on himself.
“Hey guys!” Tony said from inside the armor.
“Your breath, your heartbeat, Misha approaching the room.” Peter said and Mark tilted his head confused wondering why Peter could hear so much then Misha knocked at the door.
“Peter Parker property of Tony Stark.” Peter read out and grimaced throwing the plate to the ground. Peter then realized he could use the plate to try and break the collar so that’s what he did. Peter finally got the collar to unlock and rejoiced quickly taking it off and heading to the vents. Peter crawled through the vents silently as he could making his way out. Peter finally got outside and rejoiced.
“Stop it Tony.” Peter said putting a hand on Tony’s shoulder.
“Thanks.” Peter said and smiled.
“What does he do in there though, I’m guessing you and him spend a lot of time together.” Clint said and Tony just ignored him letting the Avengers think whatever they want about him and Ironman.
“But I did. I hurt you so badly. I gave you nightmares. I killed you.” Tony said crying sadly. Peter only shivered slightly and then hugged Tony and Tony hugged back.
“Come here!” Ironman said and Tony sighed frustrated.
“Come on let’s get a midnight snack.” Mark said and Peter nodded standing up and following Mark to the kitchen as Misha went back to his room probably going back to sleep.
~~~~~~
“Rogers! What do I owe this surprising visit?” Tony said enthusiastically.
“I- I got abused okay.” Peter said quietly.
“Tom do you know where you are?” Mark asked and Peter looked into his eyes panicked.
“Yeah yeah oh you mean like those UFO’s over Phoenix?” Tony said and Peter sighed in relief.
“So you left me alone to die?” Peter said his heartbreaking.
“Uh I also was gonna ask you to come to Germany.” Tony said awkwardly.
“Tom he is not going to find you and if he does we’ll be ready I won’t let him take you.” Jensen said and Peter nodded wanting to believe him but the initial fear of Tony finding him was still there what if Tony put a tracker in him.
“You can feel that?” Mark whispered and Peter nodded.
“What if Tony is Ironman?” Clint proposed trying to find an explanation for this.
“Yeah he is mine so stay away from him!” Robert said and Tom blushed
“Can’t have you trying to kill me.” Tony said and then got out his torture device the cursed remote that could shock Peter as many times as Tony wanted.
“Really? That’s awesome!” Peter said excitedly.
“You know I’m here for you, you don’t have to protect him.” Steve said and Tony backed away in surprise.
“I would call it self love.” Ironman said smirking.
Peter tired the collar again but it was electrically locked and the metal was strong.
“Let me go!” Peter yelled angrily but stayed within the invisible box.
“How did it go?” Clint asked as Natasha stormed in the room.
“Oh come on there has to be an explanation for this!” Clint said frustrated.
“Guys something is happening?!” Peter said confused and then got knocked back by a tiny dude that turned huge and stole Cap’s shield back.
“Great.” They said smiling.
“Slowly.” Peter said and Tony fell letting his urges take over and he kissed Peter slowly letting Peter hold him back if necessary. Tony shocked him lightly making Peter whimper and Tony was ashamed to say he loved it. Peter kissed back letting himself enjoy it this time round and he loved it as well.
~~~~~~
“Oh cool well I should probably go now...” Steve said blushing and Tony sighed.
“Sorry.” Clint said sighing frustrated.
“It’s alright Tony they don’t have to see me.” Ironman said hugging Tony back.
“Dude you saw me yesterday.” Ned said and Peter blushed embarrassed.
“Thanks.” Tony said and Peter chuckled a tiny bit
“I told you I would find you Spider.” Ironman said tugging at his chain and chaining him to the wall.
“What happened?” Steve said lightly touching the side of Tony’s face and Tony flinched back.
“Just get it away from him and don’t let anyone touch the inside of the collar.” Peter said upset.
“Care to get dinner with us.” They said and Steve nodded looking at them adoring everything about them.
“Hey everyone.” Peter said nervously. Tony sighed at his fanboying and remembering that Peter was still just a kid. Tony went on with his speech and Peter felt his spider sense go off.
~~~~~~
“No. I need to go check on him.” Ironman said worriedly and went after Tony leaving Steve behind.
“How much did Jensen say about me?” Peter asked feeling nervous.
“Yeah I think he deserves that much did you see how angry Tony was.” Clint said knowingly.
“Just stay behind me, son.” Robert said to him and glared at Tony.
“Wanna talk about it?” Steve said after a while of silence and noticing Ironman’s posture and he could tell it wasn’t a threat he was upset about.
“Shut up.” Ironman said and Tony deflated.
“Good move.”
“P-Peter... Parker.” Peter said hesitantly and Tony sighed.
“Wanna talk about it?” Tony asked and Peter shook his head knowing telling his torturer what was happening was a bad idea.
“Genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist.” Tony responded calmly.
“He beat me and shocked me. He nearly crushed me making me hold up a piece of ceiling. He bit me and treated me like an animal.” Peter said crying now.
Tony and Ironman walked into the room of Avengers and sat down on the couch as the Avengers played Mario Kart.
“Shhh it’s okay Peter everything is okay.” Tony said softly kissing him softly and grinding against him.
“Lunch sounds perfect!” Tony said walking out of the lab and Peter followed him.
“Tony... explain!” Pepper said crossing her arms angrily and absolutely confused.
“It’s just with Tony gone I’m worried about him I usually go with him and it’s just...” Ironman said covering his face with his hands.
“It’s okay we will figure things out.” Robert said trying to comfort them and ran his fingers through Peter’s hair as he began to cry silently hugging ‘his’ father figure that actually cared.
“Can you come out so we can snuggle?” Tony asked and Ironman smiled separating and hugging Tony snuggling into him. Tony snuggled back just wanting to hug all the bad thoughts away from Ironman.
Peter woke up breathing heavily and in shock. What the heck. Peter shook his head sighing and then got up to go see Tony.
“What do you want Flash.” Peter said sighing in annoyance. Flash looked taken aback and Peter froze. Peter forgot that he wasn’t supposed to stand up to Flash.
“I don’t think they like me.” Steve said thinking of Ironman and Tony’s interaction and how Tony said ‘I love you and only you’.
“Stand up.” Ironman said and Peter stood up over joyed.
“Hey Steve.” Tony greeted and Steve smiled ignoring his heartache.
“Yeah he really fooled us.” Natasha said chuckling a tiny bit.
“He told you to back down.” Clint said as Ironman glared at him.
“I thought you cared about me!” Ironman yelled angrily locking the lab down again.
“Ironman didn’t even say anything!?” Clint said frustrated.
“At least I can see in the dark.” Ironman said as Tony peeked his head out from the vent.
“Let’s go.” Tony said and Ironman took off.
“Miss who?” Tony asked.
“I forgive you.” Tony said quickly not wanting Ironman to feel unwanted.
“Why the long face?” Sam asked walking into the room.
“You okay though?” Tony asked feeling a bit of fear from Ironman earlier.
“I win.” Ironman said grinning. Steve sighed and tapped out.
Peter finished his food and Tony took away the plate placing it behind him then entering the little space Peter was in. Tony said a command and the panel closed, and the lights turned off, Tony still on the side where Peter was. Peter began to shake in fear of what Tony would possibly do to him.
“Peter.” Jensen said.
“T-Tony stop... please.” Peter said still in the memory and Mark held on to his shoulders making Peter look into his eyes.
“No escaping.” Tony said and then closed the panel leaving Peter alone in the dark chained to a wall. Peter shivered in fear and cried missing home.
“Sorry for threatening Tony.” Clint said not wanting to be on Ironman’s bad side.
“We’re here.” Tony said and took hold of Peter’s arm practically dragging him out and into the back of this huge building. Tony brought him into the elevator and held onto his shoulder not letting him go. Tony walked down the hallway and opened up the lab. Peter looked around curiously and smiled seeing all the cool stuff.
“I won’t hurt you Steve.” Ironman said and Steve smiled.
“Hey Jensen.” Peter said smiling.
“It’s everything we have left of Peter.” Jensen said watching as Peter shivered.
“Can I ask what happened to you?” Tony asked and Peter tensed up.
“You are not him.” Peter said and Tony smiled feeling a bit better that Peter realized that.
“Right I knew that.” Tony said trying to brush it off like nothing happened.
“You sure this will work Tony.” Ironman said as he got in the armor.
“I don’t get it!” Clint said angrily.
“Are you real?” Mark asked whispering.
“Oh...” Tony said feeling more guilty even though he didn’t remember doing anything to Peter.
“I’m sorry for reminding you of whoever made you like this.” Tony said and Peter chuckled looking up at Tony and smiling a little.
“I didn’t touch anything I swear!” Steve said and put his hands up in surrender.
“Y-yeah.” Ironman agreed feeling awkward.
“My help?” Peter asked and narrowed his eyes at Tony.
“They might think I’m you or...” Ironman closed his eyes shivering.
“H-how...” Pepper stuttered and Tony started to panic.
“Does Tony know who you are!” Steve yelled and Ironman closed his eyes frustrated.
The Avengers barely knew Tony Stark. Having said that, when his teammates insulted Tony Stark he couldn’t do anything to defend himself.
“Yeah let’s do this.” Ironman said trusting Tony completely.
“Thanks.” Ironman said trying not to blush and he bit his lip again trying not to smile.
“What were you gonna call me it sounded like you were gonna tease me for something?” Tony said confused and Peter was glad he had his mask still on because he was blushing in embarrassment.
“Always a way out.” Steve said and Ironman nearly just separated then and strangled him but Tony kept him back. ‘Don’t attack him’ Tony thought and Ironman tried to hold himself back. ‘But he is insulting us!’ Ironman said wanting to strangle Steve.
“I forgive you too.” Tony said again, hugging him tighter.
“We really got them!” Tony said laughing as they entered the lab and the lab locked down.
Tony brought him in the bathroom pulling him by his collar and Peter shivered feeling very violated as he stood there naked in front of Tony. Tony then shocked him and Peter whimpered.
“I’m not Peter, my name is Tom... Holland” Tom said shyly. Robert just pushed Tom further behind him.
“I’m sorry.” Tony said feeling bad for bringing it up.
“I love you too Tony.” Ironman said smiling.
~~~Avengers POV~~~
“Calm down Peter I just came to get you out.” Ironman said admitting defeat and unlocking the collar and slowly taking it off of Peter. Peter looked at Ironman confused and in relief.
“You’re dismissed.” Tony said to everyone and left the room and Peter sighed in relief. Peter went out with the rest of his class but Mr. Harrington called him over. Peter really didn’t want to get in trouble, Flash even taunted him about it. Peter nervously approached Mr. Harrington then froze seeing Tony right beside him.
“Good job.” Steve said smiling at him.
“Who is it?” Tony asked J.A.R.V.I.S adjusting his sunglasses making sure they covered his eyes.
“You never told me about your family... what were they like?” Tony asked and Peter sighed smiling as Jensen and Jared played Sam and Dean.
“What did you just call me?” Tony said trapping Peter in his hold.
“Yeah.” Tony said looking at his darker self.
“Exactly!” Peter said and then he looked to Tony and saw him opening up his trap door.
“Earlier you said the suit keeps you alive, how does it do that?” Steve asked standing up.
~~~~~~
“Okay...” Tony said and then went back to bed confused and just puzzled in general.
“I had a great time at the park.” Steve said a bit of anger coming into his voice.
“Oh... so really bad.” Mark concluded by Peter’s silence. Peter nodded and hid his head in his arms pushing away his empty bowl.
“It’s okay Peter I won’t hurt you.” Tony said smiling down at Peter. Peter whimpered scared.
“It’s not your fault.” Tony said smiling sadly at him.
“Okay.” Tony said smiling again.
“Stop pushing me away.” Tony said angrily and shocked him again making Peter grit his teeth.
~~~Steve’s POV~~~
“You want me to sleep on the floor?” Steve asked and Tony shook his head.
“Hey Tony.” Steve said noticing Tony enter the room and seeing how not nice he looked. Tony was usually very well kept and always had a bravado about him but right now there was none of that. Tony was wearing loose sweatpants and a T-shirt. His hair was in udder disarray.
“What? He was teasing me!” Tony said and Bruce sighed shaking his head. Peter hid his smile enjoying seeing Banner glare at Tony. Bruce wasn’t that bad. Peter thought lifting his head off his knees and smiling a tiny bit. Tony glared at him and Peter was quick to not smile anymore scared he would get shocked again.
“Y-yeah but I It was just for when I draw you- you are pretty...” Steve said and Tony blushed lightly.
“He was shocking me and kissing me I couldn’t get him off.” Peter said beginning to cry.
“Also the answer is yes.” Ironman said and Steve tilted his head confused.
“Do you want me to stop?” Mark asked and Peter nodded shivering as Mark brushed his hand up against the inner part of the collar. Peter blushed and Mark chuckled drunkly.
“I forgive you.” Peter said snuggling into Tony’s neck and Tony cried harder holding himself back from his sinful urges. The memory of when he humped himself against Peter fresh in his mind.
“Wow you can withstand a lot.” Tony said looking at Peter struggling. Peter collapsed the weight getting to him and the contraption stopped just a foot from the ground almost crushing Peter.
“He penis Parker.” Flash called out and Peter sighed not missing this.
“Good I...” Steve looked to Tony and was shocked. Tony didn’t have his sunglasses on... Tony always wore his sunglasses. Steve slowly approached him and tilted his head when he saw Tony back up blindly. Why were his eyes closed? Steve was determined to find out. Steve touched his arm and Tony freaked turning away and Steve caught his arm confused and wanting to know why Tony was acting this way.
“I got to go.” Peter said and May nodded. Peter then rushed to get ready for school and then left heading to his old high school. Peter breathed out happily, walking into the school and looking for his past best friend Ned.
“And I’ve seen the footage, the only thing he really fight for is you. Your not the kind of guy to make the sacrifice play. To lay down on the wire and let the other guy crawl over you.” Steve continued and Ironman struggled to keep himself in the confines of Tony’s mind. (Sorry I didn’t know how to word it right this was terrible)
“Peter, I’m sorry for not visiting you earlier but Mark kinda forced me to come.” Misha said trying to joke.
“Stay still.” Bruce instructed as Peter started backing up scared.
“What glowing eyes prank?” Sam asked pausing the game and Clint looked to Tony too confused.
~~~~~~
“It’s me Steve I-... I messed up...” Steve said. Tony gathered himself together and put on his sunglasses.
“Hey Tony are you going to eat this sandwich?” Ironman asked and Natasha and Steve looked at Ironman confused.
“I like it when you call me Tony why don’t you do it more often?” Tony asked smiling at Peter and Peter shook his head smiling.
“So how did this happen?” Steve said looking between them as Tony sat beside Ironman.
Peter woke up to someone saying his name.
“I was the one who hurt Peter.” Ironman said walking over to them collar in hand.
~~~~~~
~~~arriving at Avengers Tower~~~
“I love you too.” Tony said smiling and kissing Ironman lovingly.
Steve waited for Tony and Ironman at their meeting place. Steve waited and waited... the sun was setting and Steve knew Tony and Ironman weren’t coming. He felt his heart break as he sadly walked back to the tower. He knew they wouldn’t come and yet he still had a little hope that they did and it still broke his heart.
“I had to get away from a bad relationship.” Peter said being vague and Jensen nodded.
“I know but it was what S.H.I.E.L.D wanted. Plus you kind of acted as my body guard this whole time.” Tony said smiling at him.
“Yup.” Tony said and went around the kitchen looking for food. ‘Tony I don’t think this a good idea.’ Ironman thought to him trying not to laugh seeing Steve look at them confused. ‘This is a great idea just let me stay in control.’ Tony said happily finding bread, peanut butter, and jelly. Ironman nodded slightly using the body but let Tony take control just sitting in the back of their mind.
“I’m sorry.” Tony said sincerely.
“Ironman?” Tony heard Steve call out. Tony quickly cooled down and grabbed his sunglasses putting them on and put his hands in his pockets.
“Tom, he was having a nightmare about the guy who abused him.” Jensen said and Danneel looked at him worriedly.
“So how are you?” Tony said trying to stay calm he accidentally left his sunglasses in his lab he didn’t think it would matter because it was 3:00 am. Tony closed his eyes when he saw Steve about to turn and look at him.
“What did I tell you.” Tony said angrily shocking him again with a much more powerful shock and Peter yelled out withering in pain. Tony heard knocking at the door and quickly yanked Peter up off the ground making him stand.
“Yeah let’s plan.” Ironman said and they started planning on what to say if the Avengers asked who he was again.
~~~alternatively #2~~~
“Open your eyes.” Steve commanded gripping him tighter.
“I already made an AI for you I just didn’t want to tell you yet.” Tony said stopping Peter from typing. Peter did stop and looked at Tony unimpressed.
“Okay.” Tony said and then went into the code and removed any other embarrassing titles and changed them. Peter chuckled seeing what Tony was doing and Tony felt embarrassed and ashamed but just kept what he was doing.
“Quick Peter you need to go through its closing!” Robert said worried. Peter looked at the portal and then made a split second decision.
“Hello Peter it’s time to move on go to the after life.” She said but Peter shook his head.
“Tony I messed up real bad I accidentally kicked Ironman off the team!” Steve said and Tony tilted his head confused.
“Wow this is impressive Parker.” Tony said impressed and wowed by all the math and work he put into the suits and that even had suit designs for cloaking and it was so advanced Tony was amazed.
“Tensile strength is off the charts who manufactured that?” Tony asked and Peter sighed
WARNING Torture kidnapping and Almost Rape ahead.
“Not yet.” Peter said and Tony tilted his head.
“You ready to do this?” Tony asked their body still half and half.
“No one ever taught you how to tie a tie?” Tony asked knowing the answer and Peter nodded shamefully.
“Yeah.” Steve said after a tense silence. Steve stood there frozen still trying to process this.
“Stop crying.” Tony said and shocked him again. Peter did his best to stop crying just angry now. Peter felt something prick his neck and his eyes widened panicking. Peter started feeling tired as he felt his muscles relaxing and going numb. Tony held him up slowly lying him down.
“You’re safe now.” Jared said and Peter tried to get it together.
“Come on Ironman let’s go.” Tony said walking out and Ironman was quick to follow him.
“Hey it’s okay I won’t hurt you I just came to check if you were okay.” Tony said and Peter did the breathing exercise Mark taught him closing his eyes then opening them still seeing Tony but Peter was more calm.
“This is why we have problems!” Ironman yelled at him.
Peter snuck in at his house and hid his suit then started doing research. Peter found out that Supernatural was still a show but just not that far yet. Peter also found out that it was just five months since his uncle died and since the Oscorp field trip.
“Where do you think you’re going with my intern!” Tony yelled angrily and Peter shivered as Ironman answered
“Y-you don’t have to stay if-“
Peter got home and started trying to advance his suit and webs but he didn’t have the material so he just stuck with his old stuff and enjoyed it a bit.
“Thanks, Ironman but I think I got this.” Tony said determinedly and Ironman nodded resting his head on the ladder.
“It feels weird when you touch the inside of the collar.” Peter admitted blushing.
“Okay” Tony smiled. “I promise I will let you out once we get home.” Tony promised and Ironman smiled mentally. ‘Okay Tony I’m here with you I can wait.’ Ironman thought not wanting to get Tony in trouble.
“Nah uh me first.” Tony interrupted him and Peter looked at him confused.
He was about to meet the Avengers and he had to act like he wasn’t being held prisoner. Great. Peter thought about acting out but would the Avengers believe him? Would Tony shock him if he did act out? How would Tony explain that if he did? Would they take Tony’s word over his?
“Thanks.” Misha said and picked up the case paying for it and then bringing the case with the collar back to the house. Peter was quiet upset the stupid feeling of the material around his throat.
“Why can’t we just keep him around a bit more. Just a little longer please!” Jensen said grabbing Peter’s collar. Peter felt the pressure on his neck and tried not to freak out reminding himself it was just the collar.
“Can you at least turn the voice changer off.” Steve said annoyed by the static in Ironman’s voice.
“Stop doing that.” Peter said upset. Jensen felt the room get significantly colder and shivered slightly.
“That was insane.” Sam said and Tony chuckled calming Ironman down Ironman only having a little anxiety from showing them who he really was. ‘I want to show them.’ Ironman said and Tony eyes widened in surprise. ‘Really?!’ Tony asked shocked and Ironman nodded taking over half of the body blackening the skin and one eye glowing a bright blue.
“Whatever you are going to say Jensen forget it I won’t stop fighting for him.” Mark said standing up and Jensen sighed.
“No that couldn’t be we have seen them in the same place at the same time before. Plus Ironman and Tony have two very different personalities. Ironman has anger issues and Tony doesn’t. Also how could Tony have a fight with himself.” Natasha said ruling out that possibility.
“We didn’t say anything...” Natasha said confused looking at Tony as he smiled.
“You’re welcome... Tony.” Steve whispered as he saw Tony fall asleep so quickly. Steve sighed fondly then fell asleep himself.
“N-Nothing!” Tony said quickly.
“I won’t let them kill you.” Mark promised and held onto Peter’s hand.
“The suit?” Ironman said enraged.
“Yeah his name is really Ironman.” Tony said and Ironman smiled laughing a tiny bit.
“Yeah he is a pretty good bodyguard and friend.” Tony said relaxing.
“Of course not, Pete. I was just trying to get you back.” Tony said trying to get Peter to come with him.
“Not really, but I know they will keep asking if I don’t.” Ironman said sadly.
“Please let me in.” Steve begged and Ironman whined burying his face into Tony’s neck.
“Aww does the-.” Peter cut himself off remembering Tony wasn’t his enemy and they didn’t do that in this life.
Tony entered the room and Peter flinched as he picked up the remote.
“I do.” Tony said and shivered feeling very guilty.
~~~Tony~~~
“Where’s the hospital?” Peter asked and Jensen led him there.
“It’s okay you’re safe now it was just a nightmare.” Jensen said and Peter calmed down looking at his surroundings and feeling around his throat sighing in relief that he didn’t have that stupid collar on.
“Do you wanna tell me about your nightmare?” Mark asked and Peter bit the inside of his cheek wanting to tell him.
“Well I got... no other place to stay.” Peter said hesitantly feeling homesick.
“I love you Ironman, it doesn’t matter what they say I will always love you.” Tony said snuggling back.
“Who was it a guy or girl?” Jensen asked and Peter tried not to cry the memories rising up.
“Why not?!” Clint said pouting.
“Jarvis is Clint still here?” Tony asked and Clint cursed as he couldn’t hear Jarvis’s response.
“He’s mute.” Tony lied and Peter bit the inside of his cheek trying not to do anything Tony wouldn’t like the fear of being shocked still very much there.
“What?” Steve said confused.
“Yeah that was great.” Ironman said smiling getting out of the armor. Once they were out of the armor they separated again.
“It’s okay Tom it’s not your fault it’s okay you’re safe here.” Jensen said again and Peter slowly stopped crying.
“I love your eyes.” Tony said admiring his other half.
“Just call me when you have him all trained up.” Tony said and Steve nodded pulling Peter forward. Peter tried resisting but Steve’s hold was too strong.
“It’s okay.” Peter said seeing Mark start to cry.
“I’ll be in the lab.” Ironman said coldly and left slamming the door behind him. Tony winced feeling very guilty and very sad. Tony then felt something on his arm.
“No, just let me go!” Tony screamed at him.
“I know I want to.” Steve said and Tony blushed flustered.
Tony blushed embarrassed and sighed wanting to glare at Ironman.
“He kissed me he wouldn’t get off so I made him angry and he just beat me up.” Peter said and shivered remembering it all.
“I’m fine.” Tony said faking his happiness.
“Oh we are going to have so much fun.” Steve said and Peter gulped nervously.
“T-Tony was my old mentor he forced me to wear a shock collar I couldn’t get out of...” Peter said and Mark listened. Peter then went on nervously.
Peter felt the pressure of fingers grasp around his neck and Peter stood up wondering who picked up his collar. Peter looked as a very tired Alexander held his collar.
~~~~~~
“It’s okay he can’t hurt you anymore.” Steve said protectively and hugged Peter back wanting to beat Tony up.
“You’ll be alright Dad.” Peter said and Jensen cried again smiling softly at him.
Peter still had to deal with Flash but it wasn’t as bad as he remembered. Peter didn’t see Ironman when he was out Spider-Manning so that was a relief.
Steve watched in udder admiration as Tony worked on the armor. Steve loves Ironman but he couldn’t deny that Tony was hot and charming. Tony was amazing in more ways than one but that’s just from what he heard.
“No, last time you went in the vents you didn’t come back for a whole week.” Natasha said glaring at him.
“Ironman?” Tony whispered as he watched cut marks appear on his wrist.
“Well I just wanted to talk to the team see what’s up.” Ironman said happily and talked with Clint a bit just happy to have some company.
“Why not and you can’t leave me alone with Flash!” Ned whined and Peter paused again reminded that Flash his old high school bully was here.
“J, can you please unlock the collar.” Peter said desperately only remembering Tony call his AI J. Peter rejoiced hearing the collar click and took off the collar, collapsing to the ground in relief.
“Not really you are a mutant.” Tony said and Peter refused to let himself cry but held his tongue not wanting to be shocked again.
“No.” Peter said and then walked towards his class as they were waiting by the bus. Tony sighed and let him go worried about him and his family and had a million more questions as to who he was and what his story was.
“You’re scared of me.” Ironman stated as they entered the the training room.
“I won’t leave you alone Tom, you don’t deserve that. I will make sure to keep you company even if no one else will.” Mark said sitting down on the chair.
“So you’re the Spiderling, crime fighting Spider, you’re Spider boy?” Tony said calmly and Peter stared at him and then saw he wasn’t angry and gave up.
“Jarvis unmute us.” Ironman said ready to speak again.
“Well would you like to get lunch because I’m starving.” Peter suggested and Tony smiled getting up.
“I know guys with none of that worth ten of you.” Steve said and Ironman really wanted to just put him in his place but Tony reminded him that he was supposed to stay hidden so he let Tony take care of the situation.
“Don’t worry about it just make sure to get this done.” Pepper said putting down the papers and leaving Tony alone. Ironman separated from Tony and smiled at him.
“Why were you telling Mark to give up on me?!” Peter yelled angry at Jensen.
Ironman stayed for a few more seconds before handing Tony control and let the lights turn back on to their previous brightness and let the light from the windows come in again. Tony smiled at all their baffled faces and Ironman chuckled silently from inside Tony’s mind.
Things got a lot better after that and Tom actually felt part of the family and the nightmares mostly stopped and Tom was a part of the team. Tom even got a small part on the show, pretending to be part of the British Men of Letters and even helped on a hunt. Jensen and Jared treated him like a son while Misha and Mark acted as Uncles to him and Alexander became like a big brother to him. The rest of the cast were his friends and Tom loved it.
“I hate this! It’s no fair!” Tony yelled but closed his eyes calming down so his eyes wouldn’t flame up again.
“Ironman I-I don’t think you need to h-hold me.” Tony said stuttering embarrassed as they passed by the kitchen and living room the Avengers looking at them weirdly.
“This is where you can stay for tonight.” Jensen said and nodded as Peter examined the room.
“I was just wondering if you were hungry I brought sandwiches.” Steve said holding out a tray with four sandwiches on it.
Tony finished with his hair and Peter blushed as Tony started running his hands through Peter’s hair and petting him. Peter tried to hate it but ended up enjoying it more than he would have liked. Tony then sat directly behind him wrapping his arms around Peter’s waist and Peter blushed as Tony lifted him up pulling him onto himself.
“Okay let’s talk.” Peter said going on the right side of the rails so he couldn’t fall off then sat on the edge looking out on the city and Tony sat beside him.
“We have eggs and bacon.” Jared said and Peter tensed up reminded of the time Tony brought him bacon and eggs for breakfast.
“Okay we can stop with the hugging.” Ironman said biting his lip refusing to smile. Tony let go and smiled up at him.
“I can explain.” Tony said but Steve just hit him in the head knocking him out.
“Mark said he would watch over you and tell me when you would wake up... when he told me you weren’t gonna wake up I- I...” Jensen paused beginning to cry.
“Why thank you Tom.” Jensen said and Peter almost didn’t understand why Jensen called him Tom until he remembered last night.
“Misha please stop!” Peter yelled out and fell to his knees and cried embarrassed as Misha kept running his hands through the collar. Misha finally put he collar down and Peter sighed trying to catch his breath, blushing beyond embarrassed.
“I can’t get it off!” Peter cried out dropping the pocket knife and struggled with the collar pulling and at it again and Mark stopped him.
“No, it wasn’t that.” Tony said pausing momentarily. Steve looked around the lab and saw the wall with burn marks on it.
~~~alternatively~~~
“Are you going to keep staring or are you going to help me?” Peter asked and Tony looked down, embarrassed he was caught staring.
“Tony.” Ironman said starting to tear up and chuckled lightly.
“If you ever need to talk just come to me.” Jensen said and Peter nodded as Jensen left the room. Peter closed the door and sighed happily glad to be free. Peter flopped onto the bed and fell asleep exhausted.
“Are you laughing?” Natasha asked and Tony shut up going back in the back of Ironman’s mind. ‘Sorry’ Tony thought guiltily.
“What is happening?!” Peter said looking at himself widely.
“You keep glaring at me like that and.” Tony said holding up the remote and Peter looked away quickly not wanting to be shocked anymore.
“He is just a kid you can’t do this to him.” Tony said protectively and Ironman glared at him.
“I think I was 22 when Tony caught me.” Peter said and Tony looked at him baffled and even more confused.
“Fine.” Jensen said putting the collar down and Peter sighed relived.
Peter didn’t like how they fought but he heard lots of yelling that day and he hated it. Many more days passed and Peter could tell Mark was giving up on him.
“It was just a kiss it meant nothing...” Tony said again and Ironman glared at him.
“There it’s gone...” Tony said and Peter sighed.
“Yeah I know.” Bruce said and approached Peter. Peter flinched slightly as Bruce rest his hand on Peter’s shoulder.
Tom lived the rest of his life happily never seeing Tony again and they all lived happily ever after.
~~~~~~
“You know I could try getting in through the vents!” Clint suggested itching to get in the vents again.
“Fine...” Tony said and then took his sunglasses off. Steve gasped softly at the way Tony’s eyes lit up becoming a fiery blue.
“Oh come on!” Ironman said and Natasha heard a crash.
“Language.” Steve said and backed up as Natasha glared at him.
“Okay.” Tony said sitting away from him giving him space and Peter seemed to calm down some.
“Thanks Steve.” Ironman said happy Steve was there for him.
“Yeah we did good and we even got Natasha to chuckle Tony said bringing up the footage of Natasha and Steve in the kitchen.
“Why not.” Steve whined leaning against the armor.
“How bad was it?” Mark asked and Peter looked down uncomfortable and shameful.
“Climbing walls. How are you doing that? Adhesive gloves?” Tony said examining the suit again.
“Yeah.” Tony said and Ironman separated from him and kissed him.
“What Peter? Aren’t you gonna try to get out?” Tony teased and Peter took a step forward angrily and then screamed out in pain as he was electrocuted.
“Ackles.” Jensen said and Peter tilted his head confused.
“Why don’t they trust us.” Natasha corrected him.
“I’m going to kill him.” Steve said gritting his teeth, mad at Tony.
“You’re pretty too I guess.” Tony said back awkwardly.
Peter put his shirt back on realizing he could now and then continued to mess with the lock on the collar. Peter then felt the part of the collar that for some reason was made from a different metal and he broke it off wondering what it was. He examined it and it was a plate type thing. Peter’s eyes adjusted to the dark and he read the plate.
“I just woke up and I’m putting it on the old way.” Ironman said. Wait did Ironman sleep in the lab?
“I am so sorry Pepper.” Tony said again.
Tony started acting strange. Peter noticed the difference and Peter was a little worried.
“I wanted to tell him how I felt but then I accidentally panicked and said the wrong thing and now he thinks I kicked him off the team!!!” Steve yelled panicked and Tony stepped back surprised.
“Oh...” Steve said dumbly.
“I mean yeah if we can and they do Peter’s spirit will finally be free.” Jared said hopefully.
“Who was it?” Danneel asked as Jensen climbed back into bed.
“We are the same person though and we wouldn’t mind some company.” Tony and Ironman said at the same time thinking together.
“Tony!?” Steve said surprised and Tony started laughing.
“I’m sorry I remind you of that guy.” Tony said sadly realizing he was the one Peter was afraid of because he looked like this other guy.
“I just got it a case.” Misha said setting it down.
“You bet I am.” Tony said entering the room. All the Avengers looked at Tony as he entered the room and tensed up like they were waiting for someone else to walk in with him.
“Tony I didn’t know you wanted to be together like that.” Ironman said his emotions spreading onto Tony. Tony wiped  his tears away and let all of his emotions fall down on Ironman. Ironman started crying feeling every emotion Tony was throwing at him.
“You have a part time job?” Tony asked and Peter cursed silently.
“Is he going to be okay?” Danneel asked.
“I couldn’t sleep last night, I’m sorry.” Peter said feeling guilty.
“Clint?” Ironman asked and Tony nodded.
“Please don’t kill me!” Tom pleaded actually scared of the older man he thought as a father figure but from a different universe. Robert was quick to let go of Peter and ran at Tony pushing him away from Tom and taking Tom back.
~~~After the whole Civil War~~~
“It’s a little funny.” Steve said guiltily but still smiled.
“Jarvis put the lab on lockdown.” Ironman said and started getting out fo the armor. ‘Please don’t make me go’ Tony pleaded
“Don’t worry I got this I will get you out of here.” Ironman promised hugging Tony.
“Yeah I’m sure and if this doesn’t work I will think of another plan.” Tony said hugging Ironman.
“You can come out now no one is around but me.” Tony said and Ironman nodded taking the armor off.
