"You don't understand! My niece is still in there!" He sharply pointed out with both of his arms, his hands clenched into claws. His teeth were near gritting and tears were still running.
He swallowed. The guy was surprisingly strong for his lithe structure, he noticed a few more guys coming towards them to see what was going on. But kept them in his peripherals, always keep your eye on the enemy. Always. And if they decided to join in...He couldn't win this, he had to run. "Jay! What are you doing, man?" One of the soberer looking guys (wish he could say the same for the rest of them) grasped at Jay's shoulder, he was pretty small, smaller than all of them. He was still a teenager as far as he could tell.
“Landlords and their thermostats.” Sherlock murmurs knowingly, cocking a brow into nothingness, seeming to briefly reminisce. What was he thinking?  “No, I’ll just stretch to assuage bloodflow.” Says Sherlock, rotating his forearm in 360 degree circles to assuage blood flow to his hands. John notes the method in curiosity.
“You must have been hallucinating, I’m a chlorophyll, I absorb sunlight.”
?" He grumbled the last bit and looked ahead. John made to shrug but stopped short and winced.
A thumbs up does little to reassure his dying state.
use then?" John drew out derisively.
“Hey, easy, easy.” John grins up at him through the bars sheepishly, wider, darker blues earnest beneath deeply furrowed blond brows. John gives glove-clad attempts to console him with hand gestures, as if he were a spooked animal. Sherlock wants to bark at him. “Need a hand?”
He was fine, but “Shit.” just barely. What would have happened if John hadn’t had to take the long way around to get his medical textbook. Practice had been cancelled due to their coach’s wedding and a substitute hadn’t even been assigned.
John overstepped a few more suspicious items until he reached the shopkeeper, she'd been mumbling something rather obscene about dogs and men before he sharply cleared his throat. Effectively grabbing her attention before his face burned off.
John was thrashing and yelling at them now. His arms were twisted painfully behind his back, gripped at the wrists by the behemoth crouched at his side. He couldn't really tell what he was saying, something to do with them being wrong and this was wrong and they were
And it’s gone. John just squints at him, the confused grin spreading across his face beginning to ache, and shakes his head a little. “What the fuck?”
But no matter. They would be reunited in due course. Besides, John was no doubt still cross with him. Perhaps this ludicrously long wait was necessary. Let him cool down. He would explain eventually. He would get the chance.
12% of battery left. Three hours, and not a merciful soul in sight. A few had passed him in their scarce race for homeroom, but they’d either shared his ardor for raising the volume on their everyday melodies until it hurt their ears, were, once more, too hungover to hear, or simply loathed him. Out of boredom, Sherlock can’t feel his bum and considers leaning it down to let Cujo bite it so he knows it’s still there—
John leaned into the chair and rested his arms on the rests. "You're a dealer." That elicited a chuckle from Sherlock.
“Do you want to see the mayor?” How eloquent.
Sherlock immediately relinquished his grip on John’s wrist once his halted his assent. But seemed inappropriately baffled at the question. Considering it was him that stopped John, John had the right to ask such a thing. He stopped John in the first place so he must have had a reason. A good, sound, logical reason for delaying John’s inevitable disappearance from his life forever-
With a silent, shuddering gasp, Sherlock covers his frenetically flickering eyes as they scan the multitudinous gatherings of equally, rapidly fluctuating people in their varying prominence in homeroom. All existing against his will it seems. Hundreds, everywhere, attached to more, he can see the people the people know despite their absence, and then some. His eyes remain searching and blinking rapidly even as they’re concealed from the fluorescent lighting by his trembling hands. As much as he’d adore fleeing to the silence of his dorm, he remains stubbornly seated in this static sea of sensory input as it threatens to consume him, threatens to strip him of a life past closed doors and into more.
Silence. Christie's resolve dwindled, face contorting into one of hurt while Sarah stood stock still next to her. Hypocritical. Hypocritical. Hypocritical.
Sherlock still didn't care.
John sighed at his besotted-sack-of-potato-ness and turned. One foot stepping back onto the previous step in order to peer down at Sherlock. “Yes?”
"A garbage bag. I was looking for a garbage bag. Would you happen to have a thirteen gallon?"
Let it all run. Fuck it.
But he supposed it was a little late to prevent such a reaction. He should've been more cautious, why wasn't he more careful?!  Sherlock growled, relaxing at the dull throb and sting of broken flesh his hand gave as it came in contact with the aluminum bed frame. How was he supposed to predict the Yard growing a lick of sense?
“John. Hey, John…. Hello?”
The poorly whispered title earns John a glare which very well may have reflected the fires of hell. “Uh, Glad I didn’t scare you off, then, I’ve heard I’m a bit of a kicker.” Sherlock’s eyes narrow in consideration of who, exactly, John may have heard that from. “But we’re getting off topic.” A knowing, accusatory grin is aimed Sherlock’s way on the final sentence. “Hand it over.”
Hearing loud banging erupt from next-door, Sherlock wondered if sending John downstairs wasn't the best of ideas. After revealing Mrs. Hudson's boyfriends infidelity to her four days ago no less, he was supposed to arrive today, yes? Ah, John would manage. He was an army doctor after all, he could dodge a few cans.
“I got you take-out.”
"Inspector Greg Lestrade, Lestrade will suffice." Gavin released the hand and turned to Sherlock, suddenly looking a bit miffed. Completely disregarding a relieved John. "You can't just bring random people to crime scenes, much less
So they continued kicking the helpless man until their taunting shouts and John grunts and cries of pain were the only thing echoing off the walls. Kick after kick landed sharply on his torso, arms, and legs. He felt so vulnerable lying underneath these monsters, it was maddening. Never knowing when a blow was coming, there was no pattern, no order, just cold fear and apprehension pumping through his very being. Apparently, someone managed to find an opening in his makeshift head protection and landed a quick strike to the side of his face.
John hums in contemplation, a light little sound strange and alien to the usually still atmosphere. But pleasing in its unfamiliar tenor, like a fine tune open to rise and dip for melodies beyond imagination. And evincing of a blessedly calm semester since the boy wouldn't sound like a yowling cat and Sherlock needn't worry about jail time for throwing shoes. “I could’ve
“Much too busy. Try again.” –hell?
John sat forward on his elbows. "For starters, the location of my pants." And watched with wariness as Sherlock suddenly smiled and set his tea down with a sniff, his nose must have stopped bleeding. "Over there." Sherlock pointed, his beaming gaze never leaving John. John looked in the direction he was pointing at and froze. "Why are my pants on a cows skull?" He asked after a moment and glanced at Sherlock through furrowed brows, mouth set in a grim line. "You wanted to give him a hat, it was snowing after all." Sherlock simply answered, squinting his eyes with a twitching, closed smile.
When Sherlock glanced up at him he quickly added. "No offense."
“Heads up, butts down and don’t you forget it!” Is the closing shout, an equally ostentatious one to its opener. Predictable bastar—
"Tell me, John. Do you normally threaten people with guns when clad in neon red underwear? Seems bad for business." Sherlock looked down and back up pointedly with a small smirk. "Well, I suppose it depends on the type of business."
And only then, only then had Sherlock finally, finally turned off. Regained the mask that fit so well but suddenly felt so wrong. Outwardly he had regained it, and that same, niggling voice that had urged him to breathe had whispered it useless. What was the point in reverting back to an unfeeling façade to hide a vulnerable truth after you’ve revealed it, given it over so fully to a ready hand, laid bare for all to see? Sherlock had done exactly that regardless, as he was unsure of what was supposed to happen next. Social cues were never his forte, the one time he’d needed them and hopefully the final.
causing him to crash to the ground. The side of his face coming in contact with something...sharp and...spikey?
Sherlock peered over his coat collar to see John standing by the first step and no longer the fifth. Then, holding the door open like the gentleman he was, Sherlock beckoned him through. “Shall we go?”
And so, John reared his head back up and glared. Hands tightly fisted at his sides and spine taut. He wouldn’t even shiver when a gelid gust that could rival the north pole whipped by, unfeeling of the snow biting his skin raw. Not when his core was rushing with something so rare and searing. John smiled. Enjoying the vaguely unsettled look on his frienemy’s face.
The man- John, to his expectation, doesn't seem startled what so ever, and places his glass onto a passing waiters tray. Even going so far as to offer his hand with a small bow. If people are staring, which some are or they're too engrossed in their companion to care, he doesn't seem to notice.
Carrie turned around and said, "If he's smart he'll evacuate too. Now come on lets move!"
The fist in his hair tightened until his eyes watered. His head then slammed into the tile once more, a sharp movement making the flesh of left cheek and brow go numb. Leaving him dazed, the lights above him were a blinding swirl of white and opalescent color.
"Well yeah, I just- look I just wanted to apologize for earlier. It was uncalled for." He admitted and felt embarrassment flare in his stomach. But Sherlock was looking at him now, so that was something.
“Yes, so, Clara. They’ve separated recently, I’m guessing.” Sherlock feels his eyes go half-lidded as he observes the device idly. Then slightly widen as he makes a small ‘ah.’ of realization. “Drinking, that’s why your face becomes twitchy and irritable when you catch sight of the phone’s backside after getting tackled one too many times at rugby practice. Of course. And your…oh.” Yes, the snapping to attention at a masculine voice, conditioning, introduction to alcohol influences, like-father-like-sister, betrayal. “Oh.”
John sighed and stepped closer to further scrutinize Sherlock's handy-work, as well as the scattered paraphernalia. "Fair enough. So, what was this comment about Neanderthals not being in style?" Sherlock's lips twitched at that. "The least you could do is dress yourself properly."
3 days ago.
Sherlock frowned. "No."
His chest seizes and he suddenly feels nauseous, he’s stuck for a second. Apart from the stuttered wet gasp he inhales at the question. Then, for the first time in a long time. Sherlock wants scream. He wants to wail, beat his knuckles bloody on brick, scratch himself up, bite his arms. He wants to hurt because
Especially for something this….terminal. He has his sources, thank you.
“How long have you been out here?” John asks breathily, apparently observing his state in a clinical eye.
He needed to go. Now.
of it all. Begging to flitter past his lips and make him ask Sherlock in a wrecked voice of his own if he’s all right. Because he knows Sherlock would say it until his face turned blue.
John thought, a little bemused and inappropriately relieved.
? Sherlock only ceases sniping due to his clattering jaw, unwilling to make any more of a fool out of himself than he already has. At least no one has mentioned the lipstick. Oh Jesus Christ, he was still wearing
“Volume, John.” Sherlock muttered, eyeing the ceiling where a  rather excitable humanitarian lived just above. “But yes, you are a delinquent. A delinquent without a name, nor a face.” Sherlock suggested imploringly.
what you're calling yourself?" A deeply unimpressed scoff. " How bland. How's your autobiography "Pushing up Daisies" coming along? Any of those deep, clever, morbid sexual interpretations of yours get you kissed yet?
Then John had laughed. Laughed when he’d been wry and cold, unfiltered and reckless of his inner-to-outer dialogue until it slipped past a tongue he hadn’t been sure was still in his mouth, he’d been so cold. Been.
Sherlock frowned at the door as the incessant knocking continued. "I have a few people in mind." He muttered through grit teeth.
John eyed his distracted form with incredulity. "Can you blame me, I've been taken in by, and now
to bring them to this particular case."
be drunk for this? Mostly though, Sherlock wants to
Thin fingers delicately slide into his palm to grip John’s hand, the action almost shy as his head remained low. John nearly shivers from the temperature of it and recalls how taller people suffer from low blood pressure. And grips the chilled hand back in his warmer one just a little harder, not tight but sure, feeling fragile knuckles shift beneath his as he does so and moves to pull. The hand twitches, and is suddenly ripped away with a slight little sound, a soft, equally startled gasp making John go a little cold as he holds his own hand away in case it were still causing Sherlock pain from a distance.
John swallows at the sudden vulnerability. The odds weren’t against him, no. John wouldn’t hurt him, probably couldn’t if he tried, not like this. But it was worrying. The intensity of the moment, the very possibility of him being someone else. How easily John could hurt him, take any notion of a friend away. But relief floods him like a tidal wave. Because he is him.
Sherlock scowled and bit out a "God bless you both." and quietly closed the door as Christie's downturned eyes shown with tears.
“Is this usually a problem with most of your one-night-stands?” For a split second, John seemed a tad uncomfortable. Which was ridiculous. What else could this have been?
“No wonder the dog chased you, he probably just wanted to share one—“
what you're calling yourself?" A deeply unimpressed scoff. " How bland. How's your autobiography "Pushing up Daisies" coming along? Any of those deep, clever, morbid sexual interpretations of yours get you kissed yet?
"Do you recognize the bullet?"
Frozen, Sherlock stays still, save for his eye twitching in annoyance at the ringing in his ears from the ostentatious opening shout. Histrionic yet a primly prat. A tediously common contradiction. And here… we… go.
Salivation is a good sign. John notes, watching the action all the while, and only being knocked from his stupor by a beep.
"Thought I'd just stop by, pay her a visit, maybe take her out for lunch and hand her her file back over coffee, discuss our plans for the future." He smirked a little too devilishly at Lestrade for his taste. Then shrugged, looking forward again. "Semantics."
Today was Lord Mayor's Show. If you knew what that was then you'd know that on this day the mayor of London would lead a parade of over 6,000 people through the streets with military marching bands, Chinese acrobats- the whole shebang.
"I have something, something rarely found in social conditioning." He smirked and paused for effect. "Self-control." John's face went inappropriately impressed at that, due to his head trauma mostly but Sherlock ignored that. He may have reveled in the expression a tad too much. John's eyes began to drift closed. "John, I need you stay awake." Sherlock demanded. "You have a concussion if you go to sleep you have an extremely low chance of survival." He informed John sternly, a tad desperate now. He'd never found himself in a situation where cold, hard logic failed him. it was... unpleasant to say at least. Sherlock had began shaking John at some point, but it didn't appear to be working much to his dismay. Too tired and comfortable to care, John's vision went black and he welcomed the cold and dark with open arms. Exhausted and sore, he allowed the cold and dark to take it away, uncaring of the consequences in his concussed state.
"Let go immediately."
?" He asked with a nasal tone.
Sherlock sighed, already knowing how this was going to end. And slid his other arm through his coat’s sleeve. “Quite.”
With a lamp on his far right being the only source of light, it was still fairly easy to make out his surroundings. A bedroom, the area itself was extremely tidy and seemingly unused, a mug of water and orange prescription bottle were seated honestly beside him.
It makes a somber little ache draw out in John’s chest, constricts it tight for a second too long, as he attempts to envision himself in such solitude. The loneliness seems as suffocating as the silence Sherlock has possibly endured for months or—who knows, years now?
He rubs the tobacco between his fingers with a grimace. John doesn’t know what’s driven him to such lengths to relax, and it most certainly wasn’t Pluto. Couldn’t be. Nor academics, Sherlock simply excelled. He’d even done extra the extra homework his professor had given him as punishment for interrupting—correcting-- his class, to spite him. Sherlock had later arrived, kicking in the door in, lanky arms piled high with Physiology 2 textbooks and two chocolate bars. John had rushed to him, later scolding him for trying to commit suicide by performing a self-inflicted Crushing execution. John blames his overbearing concern on the fact that he’d learned about the execution type earlier that day in history class. Elephants were scary.
John lunged for him again.
Two more confirm his suspicions, and John doesn’t know what to do. Because Sherlock, the precocious silver-tongue, the brat who possessed stoicism all any and all English men envied, who told their ancient chemistry teacher it was 'a little early to be cremated' when her bum came too close to a nearby flame as she bent over to address another student, was
interrupted me. I'd deeply appreciate an oath of abandonment." He aimed his last sentence at Christie in particular, words layered thick with distaste and longing.
thing he wants to do. But instead of indulging in masochism and risking seeming any stranger, he settles for scratching the back of his head with his pencil. “Uh, I mean I read your file.” He assures John quickly, still staring down. “McAfee is pitiful, honestly.” Sherlock adds with a mumble, feeling the tips of his ears burn.
Pale blue briskly took in his features. "I mean, I reckoned you wouldn't fancy a half-nude stroll down the block. Especially with bruises and sore spots to accessorize, sounds painstakingly Neanderthal really. Can't imagine it's still in style."
“Say please.” John meets his demand with an impromptu request as polite as his admonishing smile, still fatally interested nonetheless.
John thought bemusedly and inappropriately relieved. Just as he was reaching to undo it a loud knock startled him. "John, are you alright?" That was when John looked around and took note of his short breath, blood ridden bandages tossed haphazardly over the bathroom counter, his wet eyes, burning throat, the fact he was still shaking, and his rapidly beating heart and sinking stomach. He paused. "I'm not so sure."
“JOHN!—“
The pain was unbearable. He'd never felt any this intense, not with dad, not in grade school, not even Afghanistan. His brain felt like it was going to burst out of his skull.
“What the hell are you doing?! Get out of here!” Sherlock warns him, but his voice is now weak and breathy.
“Over there! That’s a bloke!” The girl shrieks behind him, her accusatory squeak of a voice no longer sounding all that desirable.
were troubled. But after all John has just witnessed he’d much rather not take the chance, lest he startle this…thing. This precious thing in all of it’s contrastively brazen and surprisingly fragile nature. No matter the little butterflies fluttering through his lungs with speed to rival a hummingbird’s. All in fear of the underlying
Despite them being bitten damn near constantly. He feared to. So, keeping his dealings quiet and cautious, John has managed to evade the spider's reach just barely. Other gangs and networks fading from his peripherals left and right. Always there, taunting. Promising. A true pest if John ever knew one. Although, for whatever the spider had planned, he didn't know which carefully conducted turnout he feared more.
John, feeling light and proud, laughed at the teasing tone-not even alarmed that an authority figure had just implied he'd considered employing him (best not to think about it)- and handed over the notepad illustrating the track line.
“Somehow I highly doubt well-known officers would reveal you as being their drug-dealer. Much less do drugs. Monthly evaluations?”
If anything, John was glad to be here for Sherlock. Make sure he’s all right. Sherlock’s casual disengagement made John uneasy, he’s been wary ever since the monkey-bar incident. It was kind of…terrifying. To call for help and see people, people who run just like you, breath just like you, see just like you. Let you suffer. And Sherlock’s aloof acceptance only made it worse.
Sherlock exhales through his nose, looking weary and resigned.
“Why?” Mike’s expression contorts into one of incredulous shock as his eyes dart over their teammates and back to him in rapid looks of confusion. They finally steady on John as he blurts out, “He isn’t even here… Where are you going anyways?!”
“That’s none of your concern, dear.” John refines, sugary sweet and condescending, causing the figure in front of him to stiffen. “ And while you’re entertaining commentary and reciting the obvious have been fun…” He shrugged and met Sherlock’s eyes blankly. “I’m afraid I’ll have to miss your next opening night.” And a resigned lip purse to finish. Flawless.
"Alright, so the job ad. It will say "Series & Grade" and that usually looks something like this." He pointed to a code on the screen with a bored expression and running on auto-pilot. "GS-1320-13/13. So, the four digit number is the job code- A friend of mine was hired at 0343 but you can largely ignore that." He lightly boasted. " The second set of numbers-" The kid cleared his throat loudly, making Lestrade turn to peer down at him.
"Ah?" He peeked at her through a bookshelf. "What do you mean by that?" His frown was visible from between the hedgehog plushy and glass otter figurine placed beside each side of his head.
A sigh of resignation. "No, once again I am-"
Back down the rabbit hole, we go. “All of them, you know this. They use you until they get bored. And there’s a notion. You aren’t ordinary, dear-heart but I’m beginning to doubt your self-control when it comes to choosing not rolling around in plainly daft disease.” Aggravation underlines the tone of skepticism. The disbelief contorting Jim’s expression now morphs into faux-resignation and disappointment, but the disappointment is as honest as his insanity. And Sherlock is strangely touched from a rather pitying frame of reference. Poor boy, slipping through a constant grapple for control of both a thought and an emotion? Hellish, simply hellish. “It’s textbook!”
John, now sitting cross-legged beside in favor of his previous position, scooted closer to lean against his shoulder. "…Yes. On occasion.."
Sherlock just thinks about giggling infants unaware they’re suffocating on helium as he speaks.
"God, you machine."
"Inspector Greg Lestrade, Lestrade will suffice." Gavin released the hand and turned to Sherlock, suddenly looking a bit miffed. Completely disregarding a relieved John. "You can't just bring random people to crime scenes, much less
. He manages to grab a rotten stick, it having rotten off a nearby oak from the gelid weather, before scaling the metallic structure with enough grace to make his knees ache.
Quickly realizing his dire mistake, John corrects it in a rush before he’s killed by a hypothetical dagger to the head. “Do you think stupidity is contagious?”
John, feeling light and proud, laughed at the teasing tone-not even alarmed that an authority figure had just implied he'd considered to employing him (best not to think about it)- and handed over the notepad illustrating the track line.
“Volume, John.” Sherlock muttered, eyeing the ceiling where a few, rather excitable humanitarians lived just above. “But yes, you are a delinquent. A delinquent without a name, nor a face.” Sherlock suggested imploringly.
"My head looks fine."
Everything was a haze and he could hear faint snickering above him. Sluggishly lifting his hand to survey the damage done to his temple. John tenderly touched the cut, promptly feeling the entire side of his face erupt in a strange numb burning sensation. Reaching back he found that his hand was almost completely covered in blood. His heart stuttered. The air he was breathing suddenly becoming so so much colder.
"Says the guy shagging Adler."
His heart now beats an elevated staccato assaulting his core’s inner walls, the palpitations making him shake ever-so-slightly as he recalls John’s octopi-like snuggling anchoring him to his cot, the epidemic taking place not a few hours prior to now before Sherlock booked it to the janitor’s closet without changing his clothes. He’d squeezed Sherlock tighter, bringing him closer in a subconscious, gradual transition. On and not on John’s own accord. His stronger arms pulling Sherlock into his chest easily, enfolding him in a close hold until warm breath washed over Sherlock’s cheeks, the unanticipated proximity granting Sherlock a view of blond lashes delicately fluttering with dream. It was a balm to his already hazy confusion upon rising from the rare coma others called sleep. But then…
John inhaled, looked to the side, and muffled a scream. Before Sherlock could ask if he was hurt a series of bangs assaulted the front door. After a few moments passed in contemplation of whether John should answer the door three more knocks sounded, making him sympathize for their knuckles. "Who would be out in this flurry?" John asked a bit stumped at the idea of someone driving, much less
John feels Sherlock’s left hand press against his left pectoral, but it’s even weaker than the first. “
? I’m sure there are plenty exceptional doctors capable of performing a simple autopsy.”
John wakes up again.
was supposed to be the calm one here, the composed one, the patient doctor and tending to his hysterical patient. Calming, conciliating, steady. Not allowing fear of the unknown, the unexpected, to make him drip cold sweat by the buckets. Doctors couldn’t function on fear, the results can be life-threatening. He knows this. It’s his mantra, his self-inflicted directive, his calling. Brought on by oath, determination, and sheer willpower to keep his gaze off a bottle.
Sherlock slouches, his rubber soles keeping his legs half bent while he breathes without restraint. He breathes in again. And again. Another inhale, another exhale. Another. He chokes on it. He tries one more time. But it
The booming voice hardly registers, but he manages a sheepish “S’cuse me coach!”
Sherlock, now looking pleased and leafing through resumes for god knows what, answers him. "The laundry machine."
John nods at the complement, because yes, she does, and toes off his shoes. Because, no he’s not leaving a student of whom has just had a near death experience for some wrinkly sod reiterating common term. John was ahead after all, and replies. “Yeah, they’re her favorite colors.”
Received:
Moriarty sighed and looked down with a shrug. "And other times...well."
Gavin paused, probably contemplating what the hell a friend of Sherlock's would even look like. The image not being anything worthy of respect no doubt.
John twitched and turned to him in shock. "What? No! Of course-Of course not!"
John just wanted to die for 16 hours. Be it beside Satan or his spawn he would be too dead to care.
Libido.
“Cotton.” Sherlock feels his right eye tic violently as his mind’s eye is assaulted by copious imagery.
“Homeroom!”
But then John’s face looks positively elated in his relief the moment his train of sight lands on Sherlock’s childish sign.
“If bored and concerned are one and the same,” Sherlock says, tone as dry as the smoke he exhales. “your dear mother’s got nothing on me.” The moment’s gone as quick as it came, and then Sherlock’s pointedly flicking ash to his right. Gesturing to a pile of newspaper and such, a letter signed in his mother’s cursive sits atop the foot-tall pile.  “You got a letter today.”
When Sherlock glanced up at him he quickly added. "No offense."
Not breaking the stare, John removed the coat carefully. As to not irritate his wounds. And handed the thing over, it was probably worth more than his childhood.
John calmed at the patient gaze. Settling into a set stance, he looked up from the bagged bullet pinched between his thumb and forefinger. "Twenty two K-Hornet brass. Reaches a range of two hundred yards. Has a rather low ballistic coefficient, so it'd be surprising to see it used any farther than a hundred and eighty yards for an elected head's assassination."
...hold on a shitting second. "What do you mean I wouldn't be the first one?"
Christie squawked, affronted, and covered her voluptuous chest with her hand. "Plastic?!"
John momentarily crumpled his face in exasperation with himself for reckless. The inner soldier in him berating him for being so stupid and telling him he'd be dead if the guy wasn't so interested in that wall...or hadn't intervened and stopped those lackeys from stomping him into oblivion.
“Let me rephrase. They aren’t schooled in artillery, they don’t know what a gun’s bullet does before it hits, only after. You, on the other hand, would know very well, now wouldn’t you?”
A few beats passed and the woman's face grew in triumph. Sherlock closed his eyes and tilted his head back; face looking terribly troubled when he took a deep steadying breath. Exhaling shakily he looked back down at her looking as though he wanted to sob, but his eyes were far too dry. John wanted to reach out and squeeze his shoulder in concern, Sarah looked as though she wanted to as well. "Yeah," His voice cracked on the syllable. "a small red man repeatedly pokes and prods me with his pitchfork, sassing me into oblivion and yelling obscenities spliced with my
Feeling his teeth momentarily clatter from the impact, John hissed.
“I put a flashlight in an empty milk carton.” Sherlock waves him off, sounding dead serious.
“—yeah, yeah I’ll take an energy drink.” John grounds out, glaring at the 300 out of 1000 word essay due by tomorrow afternoon. “ta.”
A growl crackled over the line.
Then is suddenly far more unsure than he initially found himself. And promptly shoots his hand back into his lap. No, no, no, no what if John is angry? Alarm shoots through his spine and coils like wire through the vertebrates. Had John been awake while Sherlock was awake and noticed him being what most would label as creepy while he was only experiencing a slight malfunction in his mobility?  But he…does not appear angry, nor particularly embarrassed. Just helplessly worried and nearly panicked, now. Not a threat.
but it wasn’t worthy of
"And why didn't you wash these as well?" John asked with raised eyebrows and waving his pants for emphasis. "When I suggested it you said the cow would catch a cold, I didn't want that." John exhaled in annoyance; desperately wracking his brain for memories of what happened after he was attacked and dragged into this flat half dead by Sherlock. Then it hit him, he looked up. "How do you know my name? I never told you a smidge of information about my person."
A true minor-mediocre prodigy if he ever knew one, a boy you could pin your hopes on no doubt. No longer a Captain America-idolizing thumb-sucker missing their two front teeth, but now an appallingly righteous, modern version with less blue-spandex. He sniffed at the thought, smelling sulfur, nicotine, and artificial lemon cleaner and crossed his legs. He’s still going to get punched in the face. No one can resist. Can’t wait, maybe he’ll get his own dorm. He could piss any possible and upcoming roommates off and get beaten until the headmaster gives up and leaves him be. He’d take the basement. Or he could pretend they’re dead and keep his strangely attractive face intact. Plus, the bathroom and closet weren’t a bad touch…
John blows out a breath and decides to be indulgent in macabre fantasy much much later, and represses the inappropriate urge to interrogate. Even as the curiosity burns, he needed to know who did this. Couldn’t have someone like that swaggering down the halls, he rationalizes, it was dangerous. And they needed to be reprimanded.  “Let’s get some ice before the swelling starts.” He offers with raised brows, utterly unimpressed with himself at the moment but still glad to maintain his patience. Not that it was hard to, surprisingly enough. “There’s an instant ice pack under the cot?”
John looked through the window with a resigned sigh, it didn't appear to be letting up anytime soon. "Yes, that would be more wise wouldn't it?" He muttered rhetorically.
With a growl of warning, an implication of ‘you’re pushing it’ ringing silently through the air, Sherlock bats the hand aside and shrugs off the other hand still present on his shoulder. Nettlesome enough, it stays. “What is?”
"Well," He said as he pushed the ice to Sherlock. "If you're
"Or what?" Is his cliché commandeer of peer pressure.
Funny. Sherlock would never have taken the morally prided jock, the doctor influenced by a solemn past that despised weakness, for an outreach type.
John looked down at the question. Cautiously smoothing the crinkly plastic over the engravings by the bottom circlet of the long, brass bullet. Yeah, he did. He remembered it vividly. How could he forget digging its twin out of his comrade's upper right thigh with his sandy fingers soaked in sticky red?
Before his hand could come in contact with Johns soiled bandages he felt a cool thin object come in contact with his throat. He wasn't intimidated in the slightest and turned to look down at his no longer unconscious companion. "A pencil. Are you kidding?" The latter only added pressure making Sherlock roll his icy irises and slowly remove his hands from the man who was beginning to share likenesses with a cornered lion. The man seemingly realizing he was threatening someone with a pencil and lowered his hand slowly.
Jesus Christ, how many sparking plugs and rope did a guy need? John was placing a rather horrific looking hammer to the side when Sherlock questioned his jean-clad behind at a rather startling volume. "What on earth are you looking for?!"
Moreover, John couldn't afford mistakes. Not anymore. His small network was suffering. More so than usual to clarify. All thanks to this...
John feels his chest slowly warm, a new affection for the gift being elicited by Sherlock’s clinical depiction.
“Watson.”
All in all, living in the very same
“Oh,” Sherlock nods and rolls his eyes looking away, seemingly at himself. As if John would call him a retard, the very thought must have been absurd. John rolls his eyes at the thought of Sherlock’s probable thought.
Sherlock glanced at John. "Yes, didn't you hear me?" he spoke blandly, hands continuing their search for wrapping. "Oh, and I'm afraid I can't allow you to contact any of your lackeys. Seeing as there's no guarantee for my survival and considering your line of work." Sherlock inhaled sharply through his teeth, inspecting two types of bandage. "Wouldn't want one of your friends becoming too trigger-happy." John nearly gawked for a moment.
John sucked and bit at the inside of his cheek. Clicking his tongue, John looked down again and was met with a raised brow in response to his 'disciplining-mother's' pose. "It's indecent, I refuse."
As though John were a favored book approaching its climax after he’d been reading him for three hours straight while watercolors of vibrant, motorized light resplendent from beyond a coffee shop window flew past—time forgotten. John squeezes the bony hand in his own, pulls it closer to his heart, and tilts his head up a little to follow the movement calmly.
It feels so good to deny, Sherlock marvels one day. To deny what they hold so dear. What they yearn to control, to stifle. He’s no masochist, he’d just rather die screaming while conformity implodes in itself before his obstinacy, he swears, a mocking titter duly repressed behind his cigarette and sharp angles. They want to control him, his speed, his brilliance, his body, his experience, all of him. Just beyond their boredom-induced, razor-filed fingertips, manicured to pitiful perfection. He’s no stranger to the hungry glint in their sagging eyes. Something about his appearance must scream “White-collar me!” given the way their eyes brighten the second he enters the room.
Sherlock pats his wrist against his hoodie pocket to make sure he hadn’t lost his phone, or that something else god-awful hadn’t managed to crawl in. “Can’t tell, but last I checked, three hours had passed.” He manages to cough out.
"Oh, heavens no." He looked into Johns eyes with mirth. "I'm a user."
Then looked around, finally taking note of his short breath, the bloody bandages tossed haphazardly over the bathroom counter, his reflection....
Sherlock shook his head- a stupid idea, really- and attempted to raise himself on the counter, or at least stay steady. A truly pitiful sight. Serving to make John's blood boil.
But what was he supposed to say?
digging into his brains with a pair of beauty tweezers, subsequent to his ceremonial speech."
At first, he’d brushed it off on Sherlock appearing…honestly, a bit androgynous.
“What chances!” The angered tone caused John to look up. His neck cricked, ow. Sherlock crossed his arms, looking genuinely irked. “
"Too?" John prompted.
“Obviously, how else?” Flawless. Just the right tint of fuck-off and he’s going to die by next month, can’t wait.
“Sherlock?” the little voice gasps.
Sherlock appeared to be stuck in some stupor, his hands were held in a prayers position that resulted in John briefly assuming he was religious. Only to be proved extraterestrially wrong. The thought brought about a concoction of guilt and amusement as he recalled earlier happenings.
“John, where are you going! Practice starts now! We need you on blindside flanker!”
It wasn’t all that shocking to hear, but it still hurt to nonetheless. They weren’t his loyal military boys anymore. At his beck and call, determined and willing. Bright-eyed and young, laughing aside their friends and reveling in their essential camaraderie, hiding away in Afghanistan’s barracks. Invalidation and age have changed them all for the worse. You see, John and his impeccable instincts had already known what would conjure up from the acknowledgement. Or maybe he didn’t. Therein lied the problem.
Sherlock just shakes a bit more, making John glance up. Seeing Sherlock turn his face away to hide his mortified grin, the trembling couldn’t be played off as just cold. But now breathy, disbelieving giggles too.
Sherlock lets out a sharp scoff and grimaces as his cheeks retain whatever blood remained in his body, if only to embarrass him instead of doing something moderately helpful like circulate to the rest of his body to keep him animate. “Put me down.” Sherlock barks gravelly as he squirms in resistance.
Clutching the coat tighter around himself, to steel himself for what, he didn't know, and entered the lioness's den. For some reason, the thought arose an old tune, it ultimately bled into an entire song by the time he reached the door. He concentrated on the tune, wanting to chuckle as the words weaved themselves together from memory. Memory he hadn't even known he possessed.
“All righty, so beta carotene and nicotine cause intracerebral hemorrhages in high doses.” A mousy girl asserts and thumbs her pointy nose in an oily fidget from the preceding seat in front of him.
John brushes a thumb over Sherlock’s side before thinking better of the intimate gesture. Not that it was intended to be intimate. It was just easy, everything still felt so surreal, John was sure he would wake up screaming soon.
"Don't forget,
He ran until thighs burned and he felt like he were breathing in shards of glass. Paying no mind to the icy slush that soaked his sneakers and numbed his toes, he jumped over crates and left toppled garbage cans in his wake. This wasn't his first rodeo. He knew the drill. But he was steadily approaching forty now.
“Somehow I also highly doubt you’d be so reckless. There have been no records regarding drug-dealings in your area. It’s admittedly impressive. You’ve managed to evade the map completely.”
Like he'd sensed his discomfort, Lestrade turned to him. Looking far more accommodating than the first time around. "You wouldn't mind coming along?" The inspector glanced at Sherlock, then looking at him in silent plead. What the- "I would really appreciate your company, Sherlock was right, your skills are most helpful." Greg's eyes grew in size.
needs to stop with all this angry anger because anger fucks with your stomach and that kick-starts inflammation and he can’t handle disease right now. Not when this poor boy needs help of his own—and John also
“What are you doing?” Sherlock says and stiffens at the contact. He wasn’t exactly used to casual touching with strangers. Unless it’s too quick to dodge.
"You have pretty eyes," John told him earnestly.
." The male voices in mock-cheer, arms probably gesturing the 'spectacle' to thin air.
John groaned quietly to himself and kicked a piece of door. He had never excelled at apologies.
This look was becoming quite common, they realized.
He slightly waves the note in careful greeting, still mindful of his injuries. Nor thinking much of it at first, as he had already formulated a semblance of self-possession and four plans to rein in any physical evidence of stray observations concerning this morning’s epidemic. He was still curious on as to how John’s developmental milestones accredited to his infinite ethereality without the insanity of a belief that generally influenced people to be so un-people-like, after all. And intends to go about his scientific endeavor in a strictly clinical manner. Sherlock wasn’t
Pale blue briskly took in his features. "I mean, I reckoned you wouldn't fancy a half-nude stroll down the block. Especially with bruises and sore spots to accessorize, sounds painstakingly Neanderthal really. Can't imagine it's still in style."
"No, nothing, sorry for the disturbance, by any chance have you seen a brown and black jumper? Around ye long and ye wide?" He gestured the size sharply, his voice tense and leg bouncing nervously.
What the bloody hell happened and how had he gotten here!  "Shit!”  Mike had been there! Was he all right? Mike had accompanied John in the peddling, but had he made it out?  He shuddered at the thought.  Any further recollection was blurred by the macabre likelihoods, much to his frustration. The desperate mind-racking and heightened blood pressure would do no good he knew, but he couldn’t find it in himself to care.
Whimpering mostly in surprise rather than pain; he pulled back, although it was pretty painful it was nothing he hadn't dealt with before-but John seemed like he would be...gentle. "You bit me." he stated needlessly as he checked his mouth for blood. John's face quickly went concerned. "Blimey, are you alright? I didn't mean it, I swear! I was- you! Never mind, are you alright?" He crouched back on his heels and rested a hand on one of Sherlock's thighs that were resting on his own, squeezing it in concern.
John rose an eyebrow and grinned at the daft bloke. "It's minus twelve degrees outside, I'll die." Huffing, Sherlock gave a little grin and waved him off, as if embarrassed. Laughable, that.
." Oh boy, here we go. Greg scrubbed his face with his hand and his wrist, his other hand gripping the communication device tightly. " Of all the times you befriend someone, you just
If john's mind were a race horse he'd be trampling through the spectator aisles. Oh god what would happen if Mike got in trouble? He'd never forgive himself. And if the police managed to track his dealings back to his customers, his system and contacts would all be irrevocably fucked, maybe even more so than America was at the moment.
Don't lose your grip! On the dreams of the pAaast You must fight just to keep them alive~!
Sherlock sighed, already knowing how this was going to end. And slid his other arm through his coat’s sleeve. “Quite.”
Then there was the guilt again. Awful, gooey, slithering guilt mucking up his insides. Its cause making his face burn in shame that has nothing and everything to do with Epiphany Boy’s (Dante’s, he’s Dante. Quarterback Dante arriving on time and actively dressing in uniform
And there stood 5 feet and 6 inches of unalloyed madness dressed to the nines in crisp Givenchy and deliberate cruelty, eighteen years in the making now.
“Scoot.” John demands tiredly, trying to give it some bite and somehow will the slumped silhouette away before he just decides to crush it beneath him and make it stop breathing and giving him prospective heart-attacks. But that would be counterproductive. So John waits approximately two seconds before he scoots Sherlock over himself. Albeit carefully. Lest Sherlock have more injuries than he let on—(the tackle had been necessary, all right?) And marvels somewhere subdued and muted at the back of his mind. At how soft and pliant the terrifyingly cold and horribly transfixing guy felt against his gentle maneuvering. Sherlock lets out a displeased, not pained, whine as John prods his fingertips against the side of his torso to push him closer to the wall. Stubbornly keeping his curly crown and lower half in place. The position left him looking like a giant, sprawled cat at a malleable arch. It was ridiculously immature. And somehow a little endearing, notwithstanding John’s crippling exhaustion and drunken yearning for time-travel.
. He would do the same, despite his probable mark because teachers were too lazy to look into fact.
“I was a doctor.”
He was roughly grabbed by the front of his grey dress shirt and slammed him against a nearby wall, his head coming in contact with the hollow drywall. Sherlock groaned and glared down at him in annoyance. "Oh, what is it now-" John cut him off with another slam into the wall, though it wasn't as harsh as the first. "What is
“Sherlo- you sod. I can’t just show up to a crime scene-with police officers- are you mental? I’m a drug-dealer!”
half naked. That wouldn't look too well in the presence of two conformed and religious women who had probably never spoken to anyone less.
“John.”
John nodded his head and squinted down in thought. “It is a rare opportunity.”
. I can’t just show up to a crime scene-
He’s crouched over his textbook, memorizing the time period in which a veristic imagine of marble mimicking some Roman politician from Otricoli had been sculpted. When suddenly a self-proclaimed bestfriend slams his textbook closed, nearly crushing his fingers in the act. Thank god his reflexes remained sharp throughout sleep deprivation. He’d be dead by now.
!" She took off towards the more populated areas of the hotel, dragging a dazed and confused Daryll in her wake.
Sherlock took a tiny microscope out of his coat pocket, grabbing John's hand in his own and turning it over. Pushing the tiny microscope into his palm before darting towards the corpse. It was still seated inside the carriage. John blinked down at his hand.
"How much ya got?" The man asked, face went flat but he could still see the anticipation in the twitching of his hands and nostrils. "Three packets. Pay up." John answered calmly. The man snatched the bag and dug through it while John held himself back from doing something in response to the rash action. The man mumbled a series of "Good. Good. Good." while he sifted through the bag and finally held out a packet of white powder. Looking at it with a mix of relief and excitement he began to open the packet until John cleared his throat again. "Pay up first. And you can't do this out here."
John met his eyes for a moment and stared. Accidently starting a staring contest of sorts. Which mostly composed of John trying to label at least one shade of Sherlock's unusual eyes. Was that
By the skin of his bloody teeth.
John appears to have managed to escape his sight. Most likely sneaking into the small park while he stared at Cujo’s instant exorcism incredulously.
Sherlock suppresses a scoff rather poorly. Such a rumor did not exist, nor would it ever. He was well known, but wasn't
John winced into the coats collar as the poor soul inside dodged a can of something or other. Only for the bulletproof glass to repel it, effectively propelling the heavy grocery item back into the poor sods spine. Dear god, how old was the bloke? He should have suffered a slipped disk by now.
At first he'd been relieved, curious. John had questioned the change one evening, and was rewarded with one of the sweetest smiles he'd ever seen Sherlock give. Almost quelling him of his past concerns. And had been answered with a simple "Yoga." To which he'd laughed at until his stomach hurt. Sherlock had in kind. Then forgetting to bring up the subject even once more.
As if to add insult to injury, his mortification does nothing to warm him.
Ignoring his comment, he asked. "Nice gun, where did you get it?" He watched tensely as Sherlock sauntered over to it and turned it in his hands with skill, face sending a quick polite smile at John again.
“Look,” John rolls his head back to stare at the ceiling beseechingly as he rests his elbows atop the table in front of him to rub his fingers over his pursed mouth harshly. Then turns to Sherlock in a snap of a calm gesture of two imploring hands and a shrug, as if to say ‘that’s all.’. “I’d just like to be able to call you next time you decide to run off at a moment's notice—”
, through such weather. Any of Sherlock's neighbors were completely out of the question, noting the fact that Sherlock harassed them constantly. Regardless of whether they were confronting him or keeping to themselves. Heaven knows how he'd kept his residency.
"Selective user, actually."
Sherlock scoffed and returned his attention to his 'experiment'. "Clearly not, the hostility is practically palpable."
. It’s not like it’s reciprocated. And if it were, would it really save you from bleeding out after getting shot by some trigger-happy fellow?”
"If you don't mind me asking, what is the emergency?" He asked, glancing at Gavin as when he fell into step with him.
“Pardon, but I couldn’t help but notice your grave error concerning beta carotene and nicotine. As high dosages of both play devil’s advocate for an amplified chance of cancer. Prostate and lung being most prominent in this case.” His voice shakes, hard. He coughs approximately four times in the midst of his opener, still sounds coherent and far more articulate than most would manage in his state. Still, embarrassment engulfs whatever minute flicker of pride ignites like an oil spill.
John's eyes began to drift closed. Oh, right. "John, I need you stay awake." Sherlock bounced the fully grown man in his arms for good measure. "You have a concussion, if you go to sleep you have an extremely low chance of survival." Sherlock tried coaxing him back into the land of the living with cold fact.
"Thought so." A small smile unknowingly curved his features. Sherlock moved to lean into his companion, feeling far more comfortable than he saw fit to analyze at the moment. It was like a drug. A relaxing one at that. Which may have been contradicting, telling from his detestation of marijuana, but this was far more different. Unlike the sluggish unawareness and muted fear cannabis brought forth. He was hyperaware of every shift closer, every shiver, and every breath-it wasn’t a sexual hyperawareness, but a companionship. There was also the knowledge that John held no ill-intention.
John squeezed his eyes shut and roughly scrubbed his thumb and forefinger over his eyelids, irritated. And suddenly feeling a bit overwhelmed with the situation.
- are you mental? I’m a drug-dealer!”
“Yes, yes, I’m all right. Just give me a moment.” Sherlock drones, sounding annoyed. Shoulders high and head low now, John can count the knobs in his cervical vertebrae.
"WHAT?! What is it?! You almost gave me a conniption!"
"Hello, I believe we've already reserved a room, monsieur?" He asked in a French accent and grinned down at Sarah as he jiggled her shoulders a little, causing her to giggle.
John felt his chest freeze up a bit. Alarmed that all he'd had to do was conduct some simple math to be welcomed in so easily. Apparent colleague or not. Greg must have trusted Sherlock more than he let on, or he was a shit inspector. It made him fear for the institution's security for a moment. Until his rationality kicked on and told him this was a terrible, horrible, very not good thing for a criminal to involve himself in. What had he gotten himself into?
Sherlock clears his throat and recalls how frogs sound when you squeeze them. And answers with a highly pitched ‘mhm’. He speed-walks away, then forces himself to slow as to wane any suspicion. Fighting the urge to scurry down the corridor and scream like a little girl all the same. Or maybe that’s
John frowned at him, the nearby lamplight making his blush visible. "Ticklish. I said I was ticklish. Happy?"
“And a soldier. You never leave your home without a gun in you back-pocket for god’s sake.”
. Sherlock thinks as he presses his hands to the floor to lift himself. Reaching up on shaky legs and leant against the biting metal for leverage. Sherlock crumples from the unease twisting his innards in immobilizing pain. It's shameful, it's mortifying, it's ridiculous. He's weaker than he knew. Sherlock can't get up and off his knees, the harsh floor bruises them but he can't move. It's infinitely frustrating. He wants to shout at himself, will himself into submission. But the ice in his chest is crippling, it turns his stomach and scathes the inside of his ribcage. Sherlock can hardly breath anyways, perhaps a break would do him well. John would be disappointed too.
“Ah, so your sister is a lesbian.”
“Why the hell would they need that?”
And he sounds so sure of it, John could punch him. But he doesn’t, because Sherlock isn’t human, therefore he doesn’t eat or sleep. And John didn’t want to quicken his demise. Because that would be rude. Especially when he’s attempting to do the exact opposite. Because Sherlock was John’s friend, whether he knew it or not. And friends didn’t kill friends.
Right of course, where else? Do you by any chance know why he hoards dead-
“You’ve metastasized into this piteous, anthropomorphic ignoramus! Have you forgotten what they are? They’re chancers, voiceless lemmings, all slaves to their eternally eroding perspectives and actions built upon nothing but their almighty mood. Judgments hastily made that are only befitting what little irritant they decide can justify their inevitable dislike of you with! It doesn’t matter, the very moment they experience the slightest discomfort or you implore them to make the slightest of inquiries, maybe take a look in their oversized mirror—they suddenly just can’t do it anymore. Regardless of you, much less of your efforts or whatever say you may have in the given, no doubt boring, matter. You know what they say, YOLO! It’s outdated gospel for crying out loud.”
Now Sherlock was just frustrated, but he could still feel himself thrumming with excitement. All he needed to do was convince John that he was being outstandingly moronic and cowardly! Sherlock excelled at this. Piece of cake.
He enjoyed the way shock spread across Johns features, although he couldn't say the same for how he quickly repressed it. "An addict." He spoke in a clipped tone.
Carrie scowled. "Why don't you, Mister my-balls-are-bigger-than-my-brain?"
The security guard looked down at him nervously. "I'm sorry, sir. But no one is allowed to use the lift right now." Moriarty began to look angry and panicked.
John couldn't feel the side of his face.
Sherlock then spun them around as the rising instrumental piece fluidly drowned out Piaf’s
Slowly, raw unimpressment etched itself into John’s rapidly aging features. “You can’t be serious.”
Sherlock makes a quiet sound of repulsion, a sardonic “ta ta.”, and slips out the door. Leaving John to his endless, digital devices and inevitable myopia.
“Uh,” John drawls and frowns for a moment before his brows twitch up in wide-eyed panic. “No, wait—”
He was almost glad, once you clawed through irrationally noxious hazes of anger and betrayal. Glad he wouldn't leave empty. As empty.
After it’s worked to a sufficient emollient, he guides dexterous fingers up and along the willowy creature’s upper back with solid palpation all doctors must learn to master when examining a patient for abnormal tissue growth. He shifts onto his side, propping his chin on his left hand. And reaches up to skim the length of Sherlock’s trapezius m with light but sure pressure of his middle and forefinger. Daring a quick three strokes over Sherlock’s sternocleidomastoid, given courage from the inability to discern his reaction from the hoodie’s conceal and the lack of squawking. The stiff tendon of Sherlock’s neck gradually eases its tense lock.
"What are you still doing here, John?" Sherlock asked, sounding tired.
“What’s wrong?” Anderson mocks care, eyes half-shut and lax as he brutalizes a minor. Sherlock wants to growl at the unfairness of it all, why couldn't
Moriarty looked down at the activated fire alarm lever and smiled at the prompt chaos. The alarmed crowd already rushing towards the doors.
How strange, he hadn’t even noticed these so called ‘all the time’ convos. Who starts them? Who ends them? What are they about? Has he uncovered some of his deepest, darkest secrets beyond his notice? Oh, has
“I haven’t the slightest what you mean.”
After he got his wallet back. Couldn’t have his name and face on a wanted poster. Nope, that would just be bad for business.
would greatly appreciate being supervised like toddlers. And sorry to say this isn’t just child’s-
"Sir, you need medical attention. I need to take you to my flat." The figure informed him, gently leaning him against a nearby wall. John didn't answer, either because he was too far gone and couldn't form coherent sentences or he was too busy staring into those eyes that appeared to stand out against the shadows. Probably induced by his kicked-in cranium.
"Ah, yes. That's far better." Sherlock muttered and glanced at John boredly. "Do you have some type of strange fitness deviant or standard and you must test me to see if I qualify?"
John blinked his wide-eyed gaze through the Plexiglas, feeling as though his gaze could rival that of an owls. Momentarily wondering if he looked anything like that disturbing proptosis patient he saw in Afghanistan, he hesitantly strolled closer to the café. So this is what Sherlock had warned him about.
Wait. "You left my sopping wet laundry in the machine for three days? It's probably all molded by now." John almost whined, suddenly regretting ever leaving that night. He really liked that jumper...
Escaping the norm is merely a small victory, rather effortless on his part—practically handed to him on a silver platter, and when he refused said platter, it was slammed in his face. Hairline maxilla fractures were a dream--a blurry peer through swollen eyelids. It will never be enough, he doesn’t what it is but he wants to. To try. Is it worth it? If so then why? Probably isn’t but why ever not? So he’ll claw his way up, painful, smooth and slow at times. Or rushed, aimlessly excited and vaguely desperate at others. He’ll make a tower. He’ll build off of their Huggies stepping stool and make Empire State building architects cry at its sheer, palpable being.
Pursing his lips in distaste at the mans literality he voiced. "I just have some concerns." Sherlock raised a brow. "For example, who does that finger belong to?"
John’s answer is as punctual as his smirk. “So I can text you during maths.” A smug lift of his eyebrows only adds insult to jibe. “Obviously.”
"Selective user, actually."
Grimacing at the pounding in his still sore head, John turned to lean against to cabinet in an awkward half-crouch half-Indian style position.
A natural blonde, affinity for sad blue eyes and dark espies, pet peeves: loud eaters, pastels, and bowties. Mother deceased, graying from stress, THC addict. Clinically depressed, a distant daughter in the result of teenage pregnancy currently under her contemptuous parents care, pro-lifer, suicidal in a few months. CBD addiction, preferred dosage through edible gummy and/or syrup in herb tea. Guitarist, overly emotional creature, life-span fleeting if the long-distance relationship with unfaithful beau continues. Discreet opiate withdrawal, nasty too, not the first time, broken knuckles, splinters, broken closet doors, anger issues but refuses to seek therapy due to—due to—
John coughed and gasped out. “
Sherlock sat forward and stared back with a blasé expression. "That's none of your concern."
Adler hums and taps her pale chin. Then flicks a finger up, indicating she’s found some ridiculous solution.
“What do you mean ‘why’?” John replies and leans notably closer, eyeing him in poorly obscured alarm. Sherlock leans back a little to maintain the aftereffects of his minor conniption. “Jesus, Sherlock. You’re as pale as the damn chalkboard.”
?! 1930 is not recent! Oh, I know, because it possesses less mass than what you deem fit to house your fat arse?!”
Jim visibly reads him like a book, and Sherlock doesn’t know whether he should remain wrathful or get grateful for a non-moron, mentally ill or not be damned.
Yes. Maybe. No, not particularly. Thank you, John, how thoughtful. But, “Why?"
...alright, perhaps John was a tad start-struck, after all Sherlock had solved three cases on the X files and claimed the correct fathers of two children on The Maury Show.
But all he can feel is an unadulterated calm settling deep in his bones, light curiosity and a muted familiarity that held no residence in reality. The deft fingers set about observing his palms while their owner’s soft-hued eyes endeavor the same. Tracing feather-light fingertips over the short indents of John’s lifelines with his left hand, the soft touch later felt along the opposingly calloused fingertips of his other hand. John feels a fond flicker of envy, how was it that a boy who found such joy in setting steel wool alight with a frankly disturbing disregard for his main mechanics and safety gear pose such a soft touch?
"Alright, so the job ad. It will say "Series & Grade" and that usually looks something like this." He pointed to a code on the screen with a bored expression. Pretty much running on auto-pilot. "GS-1320-13/13. So, the four digit number is the job code- A friend of mine was hired at 0343 but you can largely ignore that." He lightly boasted. " The second set of numbers-" The kid cleared his throat loudly, making Lestrade turn to peer down at him.
Vivid, abstract geometries painting uninvited grasshopper’s bodies while they systematically cricked on sturdy bookshelves in dissonant harmony a few feet away, father’s soft-but-sure grand piano routinely beckoning him to join in light invitation with his own equally soft violin duet. Le Parfum des Fleurs. A mutual peace, profusely bleeding safety. Home. Home. Breathe slower.
The first time he meets John, he’s officially sure that his roommate has either dropped out last minute, been delayed by a family issue or something or other, or croaked. He happy dances, and almost considers using the other half of the room now, suddenly having someone burst in on his methodic madness would be embarrassing. So Sherlock has taken the liberty of keeping John’s side pure of his organized chaos.
Jim concedes, popping the ‘p’. “Daddy’s got some errands to run,” He lilts in a rib, falling back into rhythm with his accommodating façade lazily wielded for a precedently lazy audience. A nanoscale tic in his jaw as he peeks at the bandage covering Sherlock’s frail hand is well-hidden by an impromptu grin.
Sherlock then smiled tightly, a practiced motion. "Good day!" Promptly slamming the door in response to Sarah's shocked and Christie's disgusted expressions he went to recommence his actions prior...only to be interrupted once more.
"Woah, really? That's pretty cool." He nodded his head and pursed his lips in thought, looking to the side in impressment. Then he snapped his head back to her. "Do you think you can go in the elevator and press the button that says number twelve? And when it opens you go to the door that says the number on your key?"
“Yes, there’s a first for everything is there not?”
Loneliness, its hollow ebb would fill his pointless chest cavity, and it would feel full if it weren’t for a small sliver of light curling around the edge of a larger circle, an eclipse of sorts, sternly delineating black as no longer bright. It does not sneak upon him in his weaker times, nor spontaneously cry wanton pleas for attention with cynical jabs at his esteem or chosen regimen whenever his subconscious sees fit. Because not only does alone protect him, it is…him. He is brightest in his isolation. A drive like one he’s never experienced out of Mycroft’s first caravan grips him and makes him twitch, his mind is suddenly famished and starving for it. Its endless nature, its guiding texts and solid, solidarity is promisingly unrelenting in its quantity. Tranquil ripples are given life by his mind and his body only, manifesting a certain bubble of surreality in his ironically small room. A liberating safety, but also soft inspiration found in what most would call sad or, in more amusingly pathetic cases, torture.
Now smiling and looking pleased, Sherlock made to don the coat hanging by the door. “Precisely. Clever one aren’t you? Only took you fourteen minutes.”
"John let me in, your bandages needed to be changed before you so rudely threatened me with that pencil." John thought he could hear a hint of worry in the voice.
"Sorry, I don't believe we've met. Though considering your friend- ah
"Yeah," Sherlock' voice cracked on the syllable. "a small red man repeatedly pokes and prods me with his pitchfork, sassing me into oblivion and yelling obscenities spliced with my many inhibitions, all whilst I hang above a fiery pit. For all of eternity." His voice gradually became dull and wry.
“Johnnie, the Yankees are coming!”
himself against the unprecedented-as-it-is-unknown, nanosecond-long sensation, letting out a small, choked off sound as he does so. Quickly smothering it with a show of clearing his throat as the idea of scaring Sherlock by making him think his face gave him the reaction it did—well it
Fuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckshitfuck were his final eloquent thoughts before the back of his jacket was violently ripped back. He made to take his jacket off and continue running but was caught at the wrists by his jacket and yanked backward. He roughly pulled himself out of the sleeves and turned to face them. Quickly coping with the fact that he couldn't run, couldn't hide, couldn't scream for help, he took a deep breath and swung at the first guy behind him, the one with his jacket, and landed the hit.
The knocking started again, shaking John from his stupor.
"Heads up!" Phil shouts after chucking over the intended-to-be-unexpected green and white rugby ball. They hadn't thrown him a ball the entire game, and it was gnawing at him. So, perhaps a little too eagerly, John catches the ball in his palms, the impact making a small 'skssh' against his palms. And dodges an unforeseen blur of black, white and blue. The object—person—not even registering in his mind before he makes his sharp evade. And propels down the soggy field, kicking up mud as he goes, the wet dirt splashes against the back of his legs. Rain pellets torrent his face and body and soak his green and white uniform. The freezing down-poor does absolutely
"I'M SORRY!"
John shivered as a particularly chilly breeze rushed by, tousling his hair and clothes. He stuffed his hands into the pockets of his jeans, hoping to salvage some blood flow before his fingers went numb. He’d just arrived and he felt as though the whipping winds were creating small creatures of ice to scamper beneath his jumper. Slithering and crawling leeches draining any and all warmth they were.
Tugging his hood over his eyes after applying a shade of red lipstick dark enough to make hypochondriacs scream, and combing his bedhead over as much of his face he could obscure without risking running into a wall. Sherlock dogmatically blesses his lack of need to shave, and exits the dorm. Flipping off Irene as he goes to steady himself.
“Waste of money, and people will judge you for purchasing an extra helping.” Sherlock quips, attempting to invoke a sense of diffidence.
"Colleague." It was Sherlock who answered, still and meditative on the project before him.
Short-lived, however, as said ‘boy’ swoops down before him with a blatant disregard for personal space sparking just a little more wrath from between Sherlock’s lungs.
But he’s already on his knees. Pulling the bony frame into his warmer one the second the plea is whimpered—holding the boy in an all-or-nothing embrace, one arm hooked behind his neck and cradling his head close, John’s other arm pulling his upper-back away from chilled steel. John isn’t surprised by his reaction in the slightest, he’s always known he was a loyal, bloody-minded dog. He had been commandeered. Sherlock was never an exception, he was worse. Far worse. And it’s only been
John momentarily crumpled his face in exasperation with himself for reckless. The inner soldier in him berating him for being so stupid and telling him he'd be dead if the guy wasn't so interested in that wall...or hadn't intervened and stopped those lackeys from stomping him into oblivion.
John looked at the way Sherlock's irises gleamed as the fire illuminated them from an angle. "Yes, actually." He made his voice go serious, he had to remember the situation he was in. He was hurt and he couldn't run away-a mere jacket wouldn't help in this flurry, and he had no idea where the tubes were. "Do you have any plans to prosecute me?" Sherlock must have noticed his tone because the serene expression was gone as quickly as it appeared. John almost regretted saying anything.
"Always, you can find her in the café next door, though you'll have to go around front to reach the entrance." Finally glancing up, Sherlock looked him up and down, eyes lingering on his fading bruises.
Deciding he'd had enough, he lowered his head to work at John's neck. "Ah, could you-could you not-don't make them visible please." John choked out a bit as Sherlock continued. "Waer mafkup." John groaned and rolled them over so he was on top. "No. Makeup is for girls."
Sherlock immediately relinquished his grip on John’s wrist once his halted his assent. But felt inappropriately baffled at the question. Considering it was him that stopped John, John had the right to ask such a thing. He stopped John in the first place so he must have had a reason. A good, sound, logical reason for delaying John’s inevitable disappearance from his life forever-
"What's that supposed to mean?" He spoke slowly and took a step forward. John held his ground, eyes never leaving his. Suddenly a call came from the van. "C'mon, Jay! Let's go!" John's eyes shot towards the van again just in time to see a hooded figure before his head was thwacked to the side, disorienting him. Stumbling to the side he leaned against the wall and, still shocked from the blow, tried to make sense of the world. So he could run away. Once the world became slightly clearer he looked up to see the man-Jay staring down at him with a sly smirk.
John barked a laugh at that, frown still firmly in place. “You need a doctor.”
Leaning in, wide, dark eyes clinched disbelievingly at their corners and teeth bared, looking just short of a ‘why’ barking past. He grows a tad more unnerved as Jim folds his hands together between his crouched legs until his knuckles go white. Refrain? Frustration? Annoyance? Jim remains heedless of his curiosity as his aggrieved (ah!) glare bores into bored, pale gray. “Just this one teensy, itsy-bitsy thing.”
"And stay out!"
“Yeah, you’re welcome...” John finally manages and works his throat, nor does he remove his arm. Just when Sherlock thought he had gotten too strange…
Moriarty twirled into the room with a hum, listening to the even beeping below him. "I am quite acquainted with ill intention, and I'm many a time the object of peoples extensive aggression." He sang as he closed his eyes with an openmouthed grimace, stepping forward gracefully. Suddenly popping his eyes open and crinkling them sadly, he gestured towards the right as if interrogating someone. "Though I cannot fathom why. Most times it makes me want to
The maître d glanced down at the little girl with a small smile on her red lips, then up at Moriarty. Scanning the card, she handed Moriarty the key with a wink. To which he mockingly grasped at his heart with an expression of astonishment and staggered back.
More specifically his girlfriends.
A blink. Nothing. He promptly closed it with a soft scowl. "Excuse me." He nodded and politely pushed past Sherlock's chair, then into the kitchen. John stopped and stooped to his knees and dug through the peeling sink cabinet below the counter.
"Yes, lovely model it is isn't it? Browning, what a beauty. But it isn't mine." John's face went flat as he glanced between Sherlock and the firearm. "Then how did you
And the dog immediately launches towards the idiot to glomp him.
"As I'll have you know, Donovan." That had grabbed Sherlock's attention, as he pinned her underneath the icy glare pointed over his shoulder. "Watson happens to be a doctor, an experienced one at that. And has had his skills brutally tested on the battle field. Time and time again. I value his opinion greatly for this particular task. "
"Yes, father Gavin. So when shall I arrive to do everything your forensics team can't for you?" Sherlock asked snidely, nettled at Lestrade's imploring nature.
The sky was now visible due to their elevated location. The view no longer hidden by any trees or constructions. London's sky was littered with stars, all proud and glittering starkly in contrast to the vast, dark and indigo splotched sky. Moonlight reflected off sleek glass business buildings. Rooms in tall office and apartment buildings were alight, creating an almost mechanical pattern with ones that weren't. Vaguely reminding him of an extremely banal game. Tetris was it?
You trade your passion for gloOory~
The man relaxed a bit, even as his eyes brightened from the company. "John Watson, the pleasure's all mine." He shook the offered hand and looked up, giving a smile of his own. Possibly a bit thankful as well. "To what do I owe the pleasure?" Sherlock released his hand and smiled closed-mouthed down at John. "A dance seems fitting." He suggested, pointedly observing the people around them.
Could John not see the urgency of the situation? He was going to die of hypothermia. Some doctor he was going to be, Sherlock pities his bedside manner already. Sherlock sighs and glares back up at John’s figure, which was located twelve or so yards away. John probably couldn’t see his pitiful state from there anyways. Good.
Just as John was about to thank him a series of loud knocks banged the front door.
The maître d watched him go. Holding her cheeks with a soft blush and smile.
Sherlock was knocked out of his admiration-of-johns-ass stupor and looked up in disbelief.
"What the hell are you doing?" Sherlock merely hummed and continued slicing thin cuts into a severed finger with a piece of notebook paper, posture slouching over the kitchen table, his eyes squinted in concentration. The finger appeared dried out and old, blood long drained from its veins, now being carved into: the marks looking suspiciously akin to tribal. "Experimenting."
Sherlock was an adolescent after all. Rather eschewed when messy indulgence and concupiscent affiliation with fellow juveniles came into play. Perhaps the alienation was too a much-needed safeguard to ride out his temporarily discombobulated hormones. It had worked handsomely as of late, though many a handsome face thrived here, Sherlock couldn’t bring himself to even bother with (dare) a glance. But what Sherlock hadn’t counted on was waking up to a healthy, fit, young, attractive boy with a kind face and equally open nature, (clad in tight cotton, no less). Who’s face didn’t darken in bitter anger—if only in exasperation tinged fondly at his ‘antics’? Pulling Sherlock’s bony form into his own enviable musculature by his shoulders. He’d had what his body desires, the object of his curiosity and stomach aches, right before his nose. And feeding an intrigue by succeeding the impossibly infamous undertaking of making Sherlock’s world question itself. The perplexity it provoked was nearly maddening in its quantity.
"How about him?" Kevin pointed and raised his brows in what one may describe as a "suggestive" fashion, but to Sherlock only caused the man to look even more retarded than usual.
Daryll blew out a frustrated breath. "Well duh." She fixed him with a glare with her dark brown eyes. "We need to call the police."
The hellion roars again, the sound deeper than any sound he remembers hearing.
Therein the problem lied.
Convinced that no one was going to die, Lestrade made his way back to his office with a shake of his head, barking the occasional order to one agent or another. Today the mayor of London, Charles Abramson, was going to be transported to the glided state coach by car any moment now. The U.S Secret Service agents, the officer transporting him, and most of London was already prepping for the parade.
“Yes.” I
"But-" She whirled on him and pulled Daryll towards her, smacking a repulsively wet and messy kiss on his lips. She clearly wasn't as experienced as she put off to be.  Daryll froze and blinked.
"Sir! You have to let me through, please!" He begged, his lip quivering violently.
Nothing, Mike remained by the wall, scuffing his shoe through the film of light snowfall.
Sherlock frowned and squinted up at him, the nearby streetlight making it difficult to see him well. It would seem they'd had similar intentions for coming to Aux Trois Mailletz after all. Well, that solidified it. But he wasn't buying the innocent 'lets-climb-rocks-and-shag-no-this-isn't-sexual-standardization' act. Of course there was a catch. There’s always
"Oh, thank you so much!" He landed a quick kiss on each of her cheeks and ran into the elevator. Still a faking, blubbering mess.
A shock of pain flares in his left flank, and he's tasting dirt. There's panting above him before it's receding down the field. John groans and gets up immediately, not caring for sitting out any longer than necessary. He was fine anyways, he hadn't spent his last five years at Bellmore High diddling about. Muscle mass had its perks.
"Come on! We need to evacuate the premises!" She yelled back and proceeded to drag him out the door.
“I am the most serious.”
John Watson. Ipso facto.
"Fuck off." It's breathless and harsh, numb. What he needs it to be. So he says it again. And again. And again. And again. It's unoriginal but he doesn't care, he gets a turn too. He deserves it, he's going through a very intense chemical imbalance, teenager get-out-of-jail card by default. He chokes the curse out until the man just leaves, until he can't get a word in, until Sherlock can't hear his divorce anymore.
Before opening it, he couldn't help but notice the many equations and hieroglyphic scrawls covering the door. He looked up warily from inside the cabinet upon hearing a creak from above, the counter above
"Fine, just give me my money and we can be on our merry way." He growled the last bit, only to regret it not a moment later. The bloke's eyes narrowed almost imperceptively and his mouth twisted into a snarl. "I don't like your attitude, faggot."
"Quiet, scum."
Sherlock continued, feigning oblivion. The weight on his chest made for a good blanket after all. Oh, but what a spectacle they must have made. Two grown men tickling each other on a pinnacle of queer.
"That's enough Phil," Sally says again, sounding reasonably fearful for herself now. "He's getting loud." And that just makes Sherlock want to laugh and laugh and
An exhorting snarl breaks past grit teeth, making Sherlock briefly shock back from the loud vociferation. Why would he allow such a scream to resound—ah, morning rush must have fully passed, no one to hear nor care given their convenient placement by the section of the corridor vacant of classrooms given its outdoor architecture. Janitor’s closets must have looked unattractive for razzmatazz in online advertisement.
He shook his head, appearing to still be drowsy from his 3 day nap and glared. "Who the bloody hell are you?" He demanded, bravado lacking it's, most likely, usual strident tone. Sherlock merely blinked and plucked the pencil from the insolent mans hand. "I'm Sherlock, Sherlock Holmes. It's not a pleasure, really." He rose to put the can of pencils on the bedside table at a safe distance, feeling Johns intense stare the entirety of the time, then spun back to see him yawn and make an effort to raise himself. "I wouldn't do that if I were you, your ribs are rather...bruised." He died off and watched as John fell back with a muffled scream.
“You’re a doctor, yes?” Sherlock asks him once he’s leant against the wall by their dorm’s front door. The abrupt question as strange as his complexion. It only works by that very fact though.
There was something there, something angry, something desperate, something human. John made to twist from his grip but Sherlock kept his grip sure. A tad nervous now, John scowled and glared up darkly.
." Oh boy, here we go. Greg scrubbed his face with his hand and his wrist, his other hand gripping the communication device tightly. " Of all the times you befriend someone, you just
his stomach clench in fear. And somehow, that's even worse.
John huffed and rolled his eyes, shirtless and shivering. Icy winds heeded no man he supposed. John couldn’t care less at the moment. “Y-yes
The man moved so quickly he fell into a plastic tree.
He was beginning to see why.
A finger pokes up at his shin from below the monkey bars. Sherlock emits a startled scream as his pale eyes shoot down in alarm.
Sherlock squints at a half-empty bottle of Windex at the internal word.
. “Why would you need to smoke anyways?” John asks indignantly. Maybe a little concerned for his mentality, because Sherlock was only
“—because I happen to find shooting off to god-knows-where after nearly giving your friend a heart attack rather cruel—wait. You ran away?” John begins to look around a 4/126th  as panicked as Sherlock feels. “Why would you run away?”
John coughed and gasped out. “
“You sniffed me?” John can’t help but cut him off at the admission, feeling his mouth wobble. “I-I don’t know what to say. Good Sherlock want a biscuit? --”
"Perhaps you could tell me where?” John elaborated in minor hysteria.
"That was brilliant. Absolutely brilliant." He said after a pause. He shook his head and stared at Sherlock with a shocked but impressed expression. Sherlock felt his breath hitch. He examined John with a light tilt to his head. "You really think so? It doesn't strike you as... strange?" John blinked, a small smile still remaining on his face. "Well, I wouldn't say strange. I'd say unusual. And yes, it's fascinating..." He could see the hesitance on Sherlock's face and wondered if he'd ever been told that. He cleared his throat and finished with a stumbling. "You know, how you can put all of those clues together so quickly I mean."
"Then what do you propose I do?" Sherlock bit back, frowning up at him in puzzlement.
“I’ll Google it.”
The fuck sighed. “I need my coat.”
He refused to.
One that John got to hear.
Received: You there?
Kick after blow landed sharply on his torso, arms, and legs. He felt so vulnerable lying underneath these monsters, it was maddening. Never knowing when a blow was coming, there was no pattern, no order, just cold fear and apprehension pumping through his very fucking being. And he couldn't do anything about it.
Well, not necessarily just him per se. Sherlock’s multitudinous cesspool of chaotic, hyperaware helplessness played a notable role as well. The steadily rising crescendo was reaching its mortifying climax, the aftermath of yesterday's spectacle now a crippling embarrassment, along with this… anxiousness that has always plagued his every vulnerability. Making him sick, the anticipation of a blow or heckle held no comfort in mere knowing, as it usually did. The initial fear of losing himself to his psychology or instinct was something god-awful, he lives for control. The loss of control never willing if he could or couldn’t help it. Even as realization dawned at the dreadfully irrepressible free-fall. Instinctual fight or flee stymied to snivels. Torture, bloody torture is what it was. People were nothing without control and it was nothing without him and that was that.
But John, being the strong little soldier he was, refused to be reduced to some sniveling mess because some preening prick decided to state the obvious. He was John Watson, Captain John H. Watson. Like hell he’d act like anything less.
Sherlock had also heard his screams long enough to be able to decipher whether anything was wrong. Should he need to intervene. He lightly shuddered at the memory that decided to rear its ugly little head. John's broken and battered form bleeding onto the concrete. His expression so resigned yet... For some reason, the memory pained him more now than it had before. How dull.
And for a fleeting moment, he considered ripping his eyeballs out of their sockets in attempt to give his rapidly pressurizing skull relief. He couldn't breathe. Oh god he couldn't fucking breathe. He needed to breathe.
Sherlock leaned his head back to meet his shocked gaze. And, if only to add insult to injury, he licked his chapped lips and smirked at him. "Kinky."
A small wooden clatter sounded. "Oh just take the sodding coat already." Surprised, John's head whipped up to see Sherlock's hunched shoulders shaking, a small, breathy snicker seeming to worm its way past his defenses. It was a happy little sound, yet no doubt a reserved one.
"You're young and inexperienced so you don't know what you're missing." Is Anderson's intellectual surmising, his drunken laugh sprays spit. "Sherlock the wide-eyed virgin!" He curtly crows on a slur, arms uncrossing to curl around his aching midsection. It's not fuzzy, Sherlock finds himself noting in annoyance. And dear god, why couldn't people just leave his sex life be? It's none of their sodding business! Why was it even socially acceptable to just-up and ask about a stranger's dick? Wasn't he supposed to be the gay one?!
John frowned at the muted mischief on Sherlock's face. Narrowing his eyes and crossing his bare arms again, John recalled something else rather distinguishing about Neanderthals.
A pause. “No, actually. Just…you. Huh. Well- there was someone- but yeah just you.” John, looking every bit a pitiful mixture of shame and sadness for a moment, looked down once more. At least he wasn’t offended when Sherlock addressed his less-than-seemly habit.
Everything else had started to go numb, which he couldn't help but be thankful for. It was a beautiful night, he mused. The faint yellow lamplight illuminating the snowfall as it landed softly on our corrupted world without a care.
“Psychic?” John asks again, the sound of a suitcase hitting the bare mattress makes a thump. And for a moment, Sherlock considers punching John for his reply, getting himself expelled instead, that’s actually not an awful idea.
Her stern eyes met his in an instant, pinning him in place. He abruptly felt like moving would be a crime, this stare he had been acquainted with many a time. He'd seen that steely determination in so many soldiers. So many. John abruptly felt a new respect swell within him for Mrs. Hudson. As well as a fear. For he'd never been on the receiving end of such a gaze.
"You're free to leave now." John startled. The monotone sentence emitting from the slouching figure observing the rubber finger, again. There was no way it was real, but John still played along. Because why not? Sniffing at the dust tickling at his nose, John looked at him, rays of grey sunlight highlighting the dusty room. The blizzard had let up a bit, but snowfall remained resolute and John could feel cool air leaking through the window-frames.
Sherlock rolls his eyes so intensely a tiny flicker of pain shocks in his temples, and remains, even as he moves to brush off the thick layer of dust coating his trousers like paramagnetic particles, and sneezes.
"Stop it! Stop it right fucking now! What are you doing?! He didn't do anything!" He could feel his throat going raw by now. It hurt to swallow.
"Sherlock, Sherlock Holmes. It's a pleasure." He offered his hand with a small, inviting smile. "And you are?"
" He asked in incredulity and outrage, grasping at the arm that held him in place. "Unhand me at once!"
of it. Your nonexistent ties to a nonexistent home, you being an army doctor and veteran was from your medal- which was roughly two to three years old, neatly folded and kept. Clearly the army medical regimental crest. That is what I deduced from your wallet. As for your PTSD, if you remember yesterday night it's unnecessary to elaborate." John gave a quick nod and pursed his lips at the memory. Sherlock glanced at him and continued. "Also, the therapist, who wouldn't have one after the horrors you had experienced. Once again, the superiority complex is still up for debate, you show symptoms of it. You repress your feelings in fear of seeming vulnerable, or you're motivated by the consequences of showing such weakness in your line of work." Sherlock kept his gaze fixed on the fire place, his face turned so John couldn't discern his expression.
“Mm, and to think chemistry was your forte—“
he intoned for a moment with an eagle gesture before sliding to the side. "-see it in my dreams do you know what? Do you know what?" He spoke quickly. "Walking along all of your broken body parts." He imitated walking warily over them, holding an invisible skirt in the air as he stared downwards with a fearful expression.
John blinks blearily and slides a firm hand up and along the middle of Sherlock’s back, feeling the knobs in Sherlock’s spine ridge beneath his fingertips. Silently mouthing their names as he goes, John skews his hand over to run the heel of his hand over a sharp shoulder blade, later rimming the lower edge of the scapula with a slow knead of his thumb. Willing rigid muscle to relax its skeletal substructure with his ministrations.
Sherlock caught the bag in his left, not once peering his way, and handed it to John. "Says the man who's spent
piss off a seemingly decent person, of whom is going to share the same 5 feet of space with you for the entirety of the next four years?
Sherlock sits back down and turns away to observe the meek CBD addict to Cujo’s right as he turns back to regard her with a pained glare of warning. Sherlock daintily twirls a lead pencil between his fingers after he blocks most peripheral sight onto her with the sides of his hood. Concluding an estimate of approximately ten more minutes of sufferable exposure before he leaves. (Teacher’s late and can’t get everyone to shut their gobs yet. Probably fucking the TA). And stately decides that people really are worse in person as he does so.
Sherlock doesn’t move until the man walks Cujo out of the gate, watching them carefully all the while.
. He quickly rationalized. Plus, the guy seemed like he deserved it, and John's always been one for righteousness. And if he were being honest with himself, he quite liked the cozy feeling of being engulfed by familiar soft warmth. Not familiar in the sense of a mothers embrace, no. Something about harsh whipping winds not making it past his impenetrable woolen shield.
Sherlock raised a shaky hand to his bruised lips, only parting them for his sweet nicotine. No one else. Not once more. And thought, as his head leant against the cool ceramic of the Victorian bathtub. Completely empty and dry, save for the beanpole dressed to a T in skintight jeans, The Rolling Stones, and paint redder than the shirt's trademark kiss. Just thought as he watched rings of smoke fade into nothingness.
Sherlock peered at him over his shoulder and turned towards him, John nearly twitched in irritation at the height difference. "How else could I have possibly discerned the scene I witnessed?"
"Coming?" John coaxed at him, sporting an exaggerated glance of urgency in the direction of the van and a tight-lipped smile.
Sherlock blinks. Blinks again. That was…new. Trusting, in a way, as well. People generally attempted to poke holes in whatever solid logic he relays to them in an act of OCD or pity. Futile, yes. Fondly relenting? Not a snowball’s chance in eternal damnation.
John  generally tried to remain mature most of the time, it earned respect from his peers in his aspired field, but even he needed his moments. He was an impressionable 18 year old boy with hopes and dreams, and innocence. Porn hadn't corrupted him in every sense of the word.
"This is my favorite cabaret after all." John finished as he gripped Sherlock's hip a tad more tightly when Sherlock steered them to the right; then forward. "What about you?"
“...I’m a supplier, not a translator.” He replies slowly, brows caught in a musing frown as he feels his eyes go far away. Then flicker down to his hands, their pale and willowy spider-structures rested on the rough denim cladding his sharp knees. And finally back to the front of the room as a plain-looking man with two kids and two wives begins to pace the front below them.
Wait--
In the end, John honest to god managed to defeat him. Which was strange considering Sherlock had taken to staring into the very depths of his soul since he'd first opened his eyes, finding himself in this...situation.
John sputters at the answer. “Why didn’t you call anyone? Didn’t you ask for help?”
John finds himself marveling at his stamina every now and again. As he pushes himself to the very limit, to the very edge, to the promised land. Only to find he has to stop and turn back, but that he can keep going. He feels unstoppable. Not even the slurring sods on his new team can get him down. The adrenaline licks through his veins as ice allows a minute extinguish. Making for a dizzying blend. He's loose and sharp, everything in a focused haze.
"Hm? Don’t you know? He works for Scotland yard.”
"Get over here, Watson!" A stern shout called, John looked up to see the tail-end of a trench coat disappear behind ceremonial cart's open door. He felt a little light on the title. Steadily going higher. John hadn't been called formally since his army days, it sent a shiver of nostalgia down his spine. John found he liked it. He liked it a lot.
“Yeah.” Lightly bouncing on his left leg, John looks up and ceases his steeling grip on the railing. “Let’s.”
Could he—no… But chances would dictate that as a notable possibility given yesterday's happenings. And Sherlock, as a man of science, mustn’t ignore such data. And
“Cephalexin, water, and fire? Why would you…” John shoots his knees a wholly lost look before shaking his head and regarding him once more. “Okay, whatever.
"Oh, thank you so much!" He landed a quick kiss on each of her cheeks and ran into the elevator. Still a faking, blubbering mess. The maître d watched him go. Holding her cheeks with a soft blush and smile.
John huffed and rolled his eyes, shirtless and shivering. Icy winds heeded no man he supposed. John couldn’t care less at the moment. “Y-yes
Moriarty looked down at the activated fire alarm lever with pleasure and wiped his hands together. Then he looked up and saw the alarmed crowd rushing through the doors.
.  And John’s mind wasn’t exactly being PG-bully-documentary anymore.
And suddenly breaking the damned thing in half. Tobacco gets under his fingernails and he can’t wipe it off on his sweater because a
The parade was risky and he knew it, but recent events weren't lessening their spirits for tradition. He knew he'd just get his arse chewed if he even suggested it, because he had tried, but the bloody fools didn't listen.
John's eyebrow twitched. "I am calm-"
Don't lose your grip! On the dreams of the pAaast You must fight just to keep them alive~!
The figure stiffened abruptly, and sat up, gripping the arm rests. "You really think so? It doesn't strike you as... strange?" John just blinked at the weary creature, a small smile still remaining on his face.
Sherlock walks a thin line of sociopathy and his pathetic humanity. Inching along a very deep, very endless and very captivating if granted a thought too many depression. Though that was a notable side-effect of the overt awareness that felt as though it clung to him like a magnet to the iron in his blood. It could be de minimis, brought about by his mentality, hormones and an unconscious necessity for affection. So, perhaps contemplating bruises on a toddler's wrists or sleek metrosexuals who turn their noses up at unsanitary men who had it all and more just a few years ago like they themselves currently did wasn’t his brightest idea.
and probably poison him with a plant.
Ignoring the alarmed "Sherlock wait!" he slammed the door open and disregarded the sound of the door banging into the wall. A shower of splinters separated Sherlock from them for a moment. That was going to leave another dent. Damn it. "What do you want? As I've said I'm rather busy." He affirmed sibilantly and attempted to sift wooden fragments from his locks. Repositioning his arctic glower onto Christie: who appeared to be forcing the poor girl to relay her beliefs and provoke Sherlock into exploding on her for reasons he didn't dare dwell on. John hovered a few feet behind him, hesitant of worsening the situation and unsure of what to do, he
“I am the most serious.”
Okay, what now. Find a way. Find a way. Find a way. His eyes shift around the cluttered 24x15 room in panic. Beneath the authentic calendar vividly printed with a delicately painted Chinese peacock lays an ironic metaphor of the bird’s second syllable. He pauses in shrill thought at the utter disregard required to toss such an intimate item in plain sight, given the monochrome fact it simply wasn’t Adler’s. And finds himself fearing for men as a rare whole. This ploy may take a moment.
"Interesting name for a Hotel. Don't you think so Billy?" He asked, groaning and tugging at his inky curls. Skulls don't talk.
That bastard. That fucking bastard. He couldn't believe he'd fallen for such a ridiculous act. Hospitality provided by the one and only Dracula himself no less. Sherlock's every word was coated with thick disinterest, so thick John would choke on it if those eyes weren't so refreshing. His every movement arrogant and sure, yet annoyingly graceful all the same. All he'd had to do was bat his lashes, rattle off some extraordinary deduction, and give him an intimation of something more. That he genuinely saved him, and intended to let him recover. John had fallen for the spectacle like a besotted sack of potatoes. Making mistakes such as these are one of the many reasons he couldn't count his acquaintances past his right hand. Including a nonexistent love-life. He was almost glad, once you clawed through irrationally noxious hazes of anger and betrayal. Glad he wouldn't leave empty. As empty.
John wakes up.
"How much ya got?" The man asked, face went flat. But he could still see the anticipation in the twitching of his hands and nostrils.
John’s eyebrow twitched, and he leant against the sturdy, mahogany railing. Appearing to try and further tower over Sherlock. Sherlock noticed the act but refrained commenting. Lest he get punched in the face again, no matter how silly it looked.
“Affirmative.”
Sherlock cocks his head as his pale eyes narrow in glacial consideration. “…would I get to text you in turn?”
? I’m sure there are plenty exceptional doctors capable of performing a simple autopsy.”
Repositioning his arctic glower onto Christie: who appeared to be forcing the poor girl to relay her beliefs. And provoke Sherlock into exploding on her for reasons he didn't dare dwell on. John hovered a few feet behind him, hesitant of worsening the situation and unsure of what to do, he
John hummed in amusement and resumed his watch on the street ahead. Mary had always called him a patient man. But it was at times like these that he couldn’t possibly bear a mere ounce of patience, much less being calm. It was at times like these he questioned how he’d gotten here in the first place, what he could have done differently to prevent himself from becoming the guy parents had warned their children about. About becoming.
Unable to completely hide a pleased smile, Sherlock holds John’s phone back out to him and has to look away, biting his lips over his teeth with a small smirk and shake of his head. And says, “I had my suspicions. “ as excess data runs through his mind in a comfortable, background, ceremonious buzz. Monochrome. Steady, steadily fluctuating in small waves of yes and no. Finally. Clinical factors of creeping roots straining through undiscovered but currently, graciously predictable soil.
"Gay." Sherlock noted lowly.
Anderson scoffed at him and tossed over a plastic sandwich bag. "Show some respect would you? It's the mayor for christ's sake."
” The sharp, stuffy curse echoes, Sherlock’s form managing to curl tighter into itself. And John wonders if Sherlock will ever look at him again. “Just give me a mome—“ The sentence is cut off by a hiccupping sob, the gasp catching ‘e’. The unfamiliarity of it is painful to hear.
John races down another corridor, pace brisk and nerves on edge. He’d gotten caught up in his stupid essay, only after finishing it and reaching his arms over his head to stretch his stiff back had he noticed the dark hour. The black sky as plain as not-day through the windowpane peeking through open blinds. And immediately regretted not trading numbers with Sherlock until he noticed the shiny device plugged into the wall and rested on a jar. Jar test or something, that’s what Sherlock said.
“Not a sister either,” Sherlock adds at John’s imploring look. “She’s much too busy to bother with a now-distant relative.”
Yet, he now burrows into him, melting into John’s resolute embrace as his curly mop nudges underneath John’s chin, making John’s nose twitch at the hairs tickling him there. Arms snaking beneath John’s leather jumper to grip the back of his sweater. Left wrist pressed to John’s back and his right fist bunching the fabric tight. Not quite a hug, but a small stability, a tentative acquisition to take what John has so readily given. Relenting, accepting, painfully accepting as his breathing worsens, as his apathetic demeanor splits and ruptures.
"Are you a drug addict?"
As it would turn out, Anderson wasn't as inebriated as he'd first assumed. And fully capable of fisting the front of his sweatshirt, lifting him up, and slamming his back into the metal lockers with a resounding clatter. It happens in a second, and it takes less than that to register the knuckles pressing into his collar bones, the sure grip on his shirt's material holding him there like a dog. And suddenly wants him to John instead. Because John wouldn't hurt him. He would coax Sherlock into being Sherlock, his hold gentle and face kind. Well, if threatening to sit on him could be classified as affection. And John was also curious. Not feral, face lined in deepening resentment, menacing. Threat. Enemy.
But it was principle, it was easy to and he needed easy then, if only for a little while. Old habits died hard for the dead. Then John had hauled someone ¼ more than the height of his compact form back to their dorm with one arm, albeit with a care Sherlock never could have envisioned himself being on the receiving end of. It was nice, in a rather unorthodox way, but…pleasant. He wouldn’t mind if John found it necessary to give his own silly little brand of masochistic comfort again—And there it is again, shut it down already.
There was a surprised silence. Sherlock laughed a little under his breath, sounding impressed and turned to Lestrade. His posture screamed 'I don't make friends but when I do *insert excited gesturing*'. Lestrade and the others were still eyeing John with odd expressions. "So we've got our range of one eighty, let's do the maths shall we?"
"You have no idea how long it took him to convince me to let you stay here and not call an ambulance. To not have the authorities take care of you instead." Knowing where this was going, John slouched his shoulders, beginning to feel a little silly in the extravagant coat.
dictate I’ll never see you again.
The others were watching him expectantly, some annoyed, some patient. "Watson?"
Well, off to deafening, static chaos to prevent his friend from starving to death. An eardrum-sacrificial endeavor John Watson has bravely undertaken. John thrusts his hand forward, imitating a knight hailing his mighty sword, the theatrical motion goes unseen in the abandoned corridor. The guys directing Camelot’s play this year would preen at his form
Sherlock mused.
"Had a friend join me for tea this afternoon." Sherlock replied smoothly.
John closed his eyes in thanks.
Whatever, the last thing he needed were the cops on his rear. Outrunning Scottland Yard was never an easy task. Scottland Yard’s always reveled in hunting down gangs down like rats. But only larger ones who got too fat, too sloppy.
of all places?" He questioned in amusement and a bit of incredulity as he watched the crowd dissipate.
The stranger stuttered in stride but quickly continued walking again, hauling him up once more, appearing to struggle with his weight. They shook their head. "I'll take that as a 'no'." The stranger muttered. John just kept staring at him.
decide to speak even one word of this encounter to the authorities- no-
John had long removed his bandages, as they were no longer needed and soiled. Still ashamed that he had been so easily triggered, he was a doctor after all.
Like he'd sensed his discomfort, Lestrade turned to him. Looking far more accommodating than the first time around. "You wouldn't mind coming along?" The inspector glanced at Sherlock, then looking at him in silent plead. What the- "I would really appreciate your company, Sherlock was right, your skills are most helpful." Greg's eyes grew in size.
Sherlock scoffed and released him, leaving him feeling warm. He leveled John with a wry stare, and questioned.
John felt his shoulders slouch when Sherlock didn't even turn to acknowledge him.
Point being, Birkbeck needed a stronger firewall. Preferably one they hadn’t just downloaded and ceased customizing to their system out of sloth. Maybe they were just modest. He wouldn’t blame them for assuming no one wanted to hack their steadily thickening cesspool of mediocre maggots. Still, to care was plainly principle. And just might keep out amateurs. Might. McAfee was piteous at the best of times, truly.
"I'M SORRY!"
Then the kicking started.
"Moreover, I was rather busy before you
"Where-ah- where did he get these-these things?" He asked before his mind got the better of him and he just sprinted out the door and caught pneumonia. For a soldier this was a rather comical reaction, he had to admit.
“What is it?” Sherlock manages past his clattering jaw.
John closes his eyes momentarily to collect himself against the entirely rational spike of anger, no matter how badly he wants to tell him exactly what it is. “You’ll be fine mate, your temperature’s above 95 and rising.” He assures and squeezes Sherlock’s knee. “Just need to warm up, okay?”
if it's almost painful to refrain from grabbing Sherlock by the arms and asking him
“I am the most serious.”
“And while statistic rules the odd happenstance
John emerged grumbling and rubbing the top of his head. Did he do that on purpose? Sherlock merely blinked at him. The prick. Grimacing at the pounding in his still sore head, John turned to lean against to cabinet in an awkward half-crouch half-Indian style position.
A small wooden clatter resounded. "Oh just take the sodding coat already." Surprised, John's head whipped up to see Sherlock's hunched shoulders shaking, a small, breathy snicker managing to worm its way past his defenses. It was a happy little sound, yet no doubt a reserved one.
Went the distance, now I'm back on my fEeet~
Jim meets his eye with a wholly ridiculous jut of his lower lip, somehow looking far too serious all the while, even from his residency on the marble floor in front of him. And asks sternly as he shoots back up to stand, Sherlock moves to rise and exit leaving him undeterred.
"Absolutely not. I require an extra opinion." Sherlock silenced the detective's protest with an eye-roll and "An opinion conjured from actual artillery experience. Let us through, Grain."
A sigh of relief escapes him. With a brief shake of his head, Sherlock turns back to his notebook and rips out a blank piece of paper, reaches over to borrow his neighbor’s sharpie stealthily. And scribbles across it with sharp, bold efficiency before holding the sign above him.
Sherlock sibilantly pleads, nearly delirious with the tired vertigo rocking his core and churning his stomach.
It wasn’t an utter lie either, and wasn’t that a surprise. But not an entirely unpleasant one. Still not taking the chance. Hopefully he wouldn’t see John too often due to their schedules, they could keep this mutual I-don’t-hate-you vibe up. ‘Ignorance is bliss’ rings true in some cases. Even if Sherlock loathes the saying, he’d learn to live by it for this one thing. Mycroft had handled this situation well enough. His overbearing nature had its perks. All he had to do was play dead.
“John. John. Joooohn!”
Opening up the suitcase she pulled out a plain white mask. Carefully flipping it over with lightly trembling hands. It read 'criminal' in black marker across the forehead. Exhaling shakily she bent over and pulled down her hood, keeping her face out of view of the surveillance camera in the top right corner of the elevator, and slipped the elastic of the mask over her head. Standing up she adjusted it and picked up the now closed suitcase again, and exited the elevator.
"Case? Did you just say case?"
He debated unceremoniously dropping Watson onto bed and walking away but that would be counterproductive, so he settled for laying him in bed carefully and covering him with some old sheet he'd found lying around. When he finished he heard a soft "Thank you." and looked down to see a tranquil expression on the others face though their eyes were closed. Reaching the door in silence he replied with an equally quiet "You're welcome, John." and left the room.
Sherlock blows out a breath and frowns at his reflection in the vanity mirror. The game is on.
"It's Greg." Was all 'Greg' grounded out before John piped up and introduced himself. Frowning at Sherlock sideways as he stepped forward, his cheeks taking on a pink tint. Which was strange. Sherlock had only reminded Greg that he had a wife to get home to. That he should hurry and let them through. Their marriage was suffering after all.
"Don't tell me what to do, fag." John felt surprise morph his features for a split second before he switched back to his stern mask.
hand me the pencil you undoubtedly insist on chewing like a toddler during maths.”
"I am not a cop." Sherlock sneered at the word. “I'm a consultant. And if you must know why, it's because you would have ran away, ultimately freezing to death in your mad-dash to escape the
“I hope Napoleon scalps you both.” Sherlock hisses to the instantly silent bundle of Star Wars blankets and roughly tugs on his dark hoodie.
A disbelieving scoff. “Oh, as if.” Just the right amount of cynicism and sass. Sherlock suddenly wants to kiss him. Mindless of how John’s suitcase zipper freezes mid-journey from its twin in alarm at his own comment. But Sherlock just removes his other earphone. Edith Piaf wasn’t helping the urge.
1 F and rising.
That he genuinely saved him, and intended to let him recover. John had fallen for the spectacle like a besotted sack of potatoes. Making mistakes such as these are one of the many reasons he couldn't count his acquaintances past his right hand. Including a nonexistent love-life.
Another gunshot. His eyes widened and he quickly but carefully braced himself against the wall next to the door. John swallowed and waited for a few moments to pass before he opened the door swiftly to prevent it from creaking. Repeating the motion, he shut the door behind him briskly yet softly. He turned around and flicked his eyes wildly around the area and found himself in a hallway. Carefully treading down the hallway he avoided any creaking floor boards with ease, even though it stressed his wounds.
Sherlock then smiled tightly, a practiced motion. "Good day!" Promptly slamming the door in response to Sarah's shocked and Christie's disgusted expressions he went to recommence his actions prior...only to be interrupted once more.
"Why don't you just check it out yourself, Miss Fearless?" Daryll raised an unimpressed brow.
. He observes but doesn’t add. And closes the door behind him, muting John’s quiet laughter. For now.
"Bakers street, apartment 221B."
"Greetings, Gavin! How's the mayor?"
John takes in the messy curls, hardly ever brushed as far as John’s aware, the slender form hunched in a petulant slouch, soft sweatshirts, all comically contrastive to the eloquence the boy’s tongue articulated and wonders his mind conducted.
-- so it was a joy to find this one, he’d had enough of patrol questioning his residency due to his younger age. Sherlock bought five. Now, if only John would
He was tired, sore, and really trying not to focus on the inevitable trip back down. He make John carry him back down this behemoth for all he cared. "What is it you so desperately wanted to show me?"
Sherlock shifts his crossed arms cradling his head—stained, greying, penny-sized, square tiles scraping his elbows, the skin indented, red and raw from the elongated pressure, and hisses out wasted carbon dioxide mingled with smoke  from between his teeth, the soft sound ringing shrill like a stifled train engine to his ears and his ears only.
“Almost like a sighing schoolgirl weak in the knees for Jonny Wilkinson!“
After a few tense minutes passed Sherlock turned towards the kitchen with a dramatic sigh and looked down at the area he was hidden behind. "You can come out now."
It wasn't until several more intense questioning and dull reiterations of "If you
Maybe he ought to be embarrassed, embarrassed that he’d lost his temper so astronomically in front of some bloke he’s been rooming with for…what was it? A few bloody buggering weeks?! But WAIT! Might as well just fantasize about him while we’re at it!
"Oh, thank god it's you." Sherlock sighed in relief and leaned against he counter, watching the previous bartender scurry away.
Jim Moriarty. Unassuming, precocity, and contempt thinly veiled in polite remarks nearly always alluding to someone’s deduced faults or general ineptitude beyond their notice. If only he weren’t unstable enough to entertain a madhouse of loonies, Sherlock may have responded to his ceaseless and occasionally cynicism-abating promptings during HIST 301. Still, he was manic, though. Quite the con to mind.
And stumbles forward as a Salvatore Ferragamo to the arse nearly sends him sprawling to the ground.
Oh, well, if you want to be that way.
. He's commonly referred to as 'Spider', you can hear the title being whispered behind trembling hands in equally filthy alleys. It never reaches farther, somehow. But he hadn't dwelled on how such a well known name had been kept unknown to authorities.
John winced into the coats collar as the poor soul inside dodged a can of something or other. Only for the bulletproof glass to repel it, effectively propelling the heavy grocery item back into the poor sods spine. Dear god, how old was the bloke? He should have suffered a slipped disk by now.
Swallowing, John went forward to take shelter from the heavy snowfall under the brown and yellow striped awning. John settled for knocking on the glass. Going inside would be simply life-threatening. A soldier he may be. John had commonsense and entering a war zone and Mrs. Hudson's café were currently two very different things.
"It's different."
So many times, it happens too fast~
"Yeah, I'll be out in a sec." A silent request to be left the fuck alone. Well, as silent as the blatant growl that accompanied his words could be. Seriously, was it too much to ask to be left alone after finding out your best and closest friend. So painfully and
, and then slides them off the ledge. Curling Sherlock into him bridal style mid-fall to keep him from hitting the pavement, and…lands.
“Totally.” Shaggy replies and munches raucously on a perfectly innocent carrot stick.
Perhaps Sherlock immediately being reduced to quivering mess of apprehensive shambles as he lay motionless in John’s arms shouldn’t have struck him as too surprising. Being homosexual was utterly unfair and utterly unfairly beyond his control. It’s a bit of an inside joke, now. Like his nest-like hair or spider fingers, all equally beyond his choice or ability to commandeer.
with you?" He ground out in shallow desperation. Sherlock's eyes widened but he stopped himself. "What are you-" John huffed cynically. "Don't you think that was a bit harsh?" His glaucous irises flicked through his incredulously; Sherlock's meeting every movement. He mustn't of found what he was looking for, given the way he altered his line of sight to focus on his clenched fists.
“Speaking of ‘odd’-- or should I say ODD-- when do you think you’ll be back?” John prompts casually, still curious. Turns back to his laptop, and absent-mindedly types in the process wherein psoriasis commonly causes cardiovascular disease and diabetes—and how it attributes
John turned his head to frown at him. "Yes, "A rock." if you want to put it dully. But it's a rock we're going to climb."
. He needed to go
“Oh, well—you know—“ John begins, looking a tad perturbed beneath the scrutiny as his eyes try to make aborted contact with Sherlock’s a few times, his mouth set in an abashed grimace as he gulps in visible discomfort.
John squirmed more insistently and twisted his neck back to glare up at his captor. Why weren't they doing anything? This wasn't allowed! They couldn't brutalize criminals, much less innocents, for some personal fucking vendetta. This was madness! He told them so. The man above him just grimaced in disdain and fisted a hand in his hair, roughly smacking the left side of his face against the tile. Giving him a perfect view of the macabre spectacle. John couldn't look away if he wanted to. He could feel his brow sting, he was probably bleeding.
hated deja vu.
As the pain had become sufferable, he turned to Sherlock, glare no longer marred his worn face. "Where am I?" John observed him as he crossed the room.
What he wasn’t expecting, was a clammy grip on his wrist. Much less the panicked
Once the pain became bearable he took a deep breath and turned towards Sherlock, glare no longer painting his tired face. "Where am I?" John watched as he came over and sat on the corner of the bed with his legs crossed and his hands folded over his right knee, a decent space between them. "Bakers street, apartment 221B." He answered vaguely as he looked to John. John pursed his lips momentarily in irritation stared at Sherlock evenly...and was suddenly overcome with a strong urge. "Do you-do you have a bathroom?" He asked Sherlock in distress. He caught a twitch of their lips though they quickly covered it. "Don't be daft, of course I do." Sherlock sniffed and looked away in mock ignorance. "Perhaps you could tell me
He briefly understood Sherlock's frustration for a moment, and it burned.
!" She took off towards the more populated areas of the hotel, dragging a dazed and confused Daryll in her wake.
John just chuckles and toes off his loafers, “You wouldn’t be the first.” And lays back onto the cot, making the ancient bedframe creak beneath the pressure. Then closes his eyes, folding his arms beneath his head with a sigh.
The lighting was dimmer and there were less tables, allowing an almost arrogant amount of dancing space. Edith Piaf’s sensuous voice caressing his eardrums and tickling his core. Mrs. Hudson, old fashioned as always. People swayed to the every dip and glissando, bodies pressed so closely together Sherlock wondered if they could breathe. Redirecting his attention to the bar, he sauntered over and took a seat on a plush, leather stool, swiveling it to regard the crowd. He glanced back at the bartender before letting his gaze stray back to the crowd in silence. Damn it.
!" ...A few moments passed before the infernal sounds resumed.
Sherlock threw up his hands and huffed indignantly. John raised his eyebrows and glanced at the door, then back at him: unimpressed. "Are you going to get that?"
“What’s wrong?” John asks, perhaps a bit too urgently as his eyes flick over the pained appendage being cradled by Sherlock’s other hand. And notices the red skin, looking tender and irritated. Bruises on hands or other tibia-like areas generally take around a few hours to show so there would be some definite bruising telling from the hue. No ruptured vein blocked by cracked bone, nor paling or bluish green discoloration from fractures. Thank god, he could do without a late-night visit to some chilly hospital in the middle of fucking nowhere.
Apparently, John would have none of it. And grips his shin
with Sherlock was insufferable.
friend, had been a killer since last May?
Thankfully, Sherlock came to. "You're... welcome, John. You're welcome." Nodding as though annoyed at his verbal stumbling, Sherlock focused on the rubber appendage- definitely rubber- again. Really realistic rubber. Damn, look at that
The pain was unbearable. He'd never felt anything this intense, not with dad, not in grade school, not even Afghanistan. His brain felt like it was going to burst out of his skull.
"I know what you do, boy. And you're not letting Sherlock get one whiff of it. You hear me?" John felt the hair on his arms raise at the chilling dip the woman's voice had taken. He nodded, then shook his head, he would never ever contribute to turning Sherlock into one of those animals. And he told her so.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Just for kicks. To make them ache for it. A small part of him will revel in being better (more so than usual he rationalizes), anything less would be unacceptable. He doesn’t know why that is and he knows why quite well.
Well, John had expressed great distaste for those who detested those who merited…certain preferences in turn. Sherlock could glean as much by the way John’s posture had stiffened in alarm as he assumed Sherlock thought him a homophobe.
As if catching himself, Sherlock squeezes his closed and shakes his head diminutively-all in the span of a second, and redirects his attention to Lestrade. "Still a consultant, mind you. I could leave you all to rot whenever." Sherlock chastised with a small faux grin. Then nothing. "When's the vacation?"
John is silent for a moment. “Okay…” He begins, a question already in the air. “But may I ask why?”
Sherlock peered at him over his shoulder and turned towards him. John twitched in irritation at the height difference. "How else could I have possibly discerned the scene I witnessed?"
When they reach the elevator Moriarty receives a text.
Sarah startled, how long had their church been haranguing this man? She hadn't joined their church, nor followed their beloved God to harass people. Regardless of their wrongdoings. She frowned. "Oh. W-Well we were- we would just like to-"
Setting two mugs of tea on the counter in front of John, he looked at the wall and let out a frustrated breath. "Is your head as hollow as that gun barrel?" He fixed his indifferent gaze back on John and gestured to the bullets in the wall sharply. "There's evidently six bullet holes in the wall and you couldn't have possibly slept through all of them. It's your gun, you should be able to tell."
A sigh. "
"John! That's an order!" A bang on the door accompanied the words.  John blinked and nodded. Everything immediately coming into pinpoint focus. His breathing had already steadied before he assured his commander--caretaker.
“Yet you’re still here and dwindling.”
"H-Hello again, Mr. Holmes-"
“Aw,” Jim sneers with a vaguely hysteric grin that even Sherlock can’t place the emotions it attempts to express. “you’re so cute and feeble when you sneeze—“
She stiffened, not in fear but in arrogance, and smirked at him. Sherlock curled his lip in disdain. "Look, we're just encouraging people to read the bible-" What was he? A show? They've done these inane restatements time and time again. "I have actually, it was quite boring." Christie flushed in anger; for a moment looking as though she planned to hit him. John subconsciously clenched his fist. Sherlock remained lax and seemingly patient as he stared her down. She then abruptly smiled; an unpleasant expression revealing crooked teeth. As if she'd solved the Da Vinci's code. Sherlock inwardly jeered at the thought. "Surely you're aware of what happens to non believers?"
At least until five kevlar-clad men arrived at the morgue a day later, interrupting Molly mid-onychomycosis-types-speech and claiming Sherlock had committed over 20 homicides. Naturally, John asked what the fuck they were talking about and shoved them back before they could reach Sherlock. Because tasers weren't necessary and he was John's
His socially-acceptable and concerned-citizens call remained unanswered.
Just then, he hears snickering and then a body slam against metal. And moaning. Loud, intentionally-whorish moaning a mere three feet from his locker. At least his door blocked them from view. "Oh," The squeaky voice suddenly mewls. "you're so big." The male growls pretentiously at the praise, the sound like that of a feral weasel's and seemingly into the girl's neck. "So big, baby."
Cocking his head, the noirette considered for a moment. Then ultimately shook their head. "Shame, wish I could say the same for your height."
Sherlock sat on the corner of the bed; rumpling the old, patched quilt beneath him, and linked thin, pale fingers over a crossed knee, a decent space separating them.
The eyes blinked and looked around before refocusing on Johns battered form once more. Calculating. Slowly he felt two gloved hands grip his waist gently, and he hissed. "My apologies, please bear with it." Then John felt himself in the air for a moment, then gripped under his knees and around his back. The world fucking
Sherlock is stuck on uncomfortable monkey bars, the metal digs into his arse, after a mangy dog chases him and gets angry. But he doesn’t know animal control’s phone number and he has no mobile data left to research it. He tries, he really does, he even attempts to connect to his own mobile hotspot. Calling the police would be illegal, Irene was dead and wouldn’t answer him because she’s dead (--asleep, that woman wakes for no one.), and he had no one to blackmail into assisting him. Thus, dice-less, but he’d gotten a nice view of his painted lips in the screen’s reflection during his search for a nonexistent assistant. And they had remained perfect. So perfect Sherlock couldn’t remove the color without ripping his face off with his sleeve. Lip-stain, the product fell nothing short of its title.
"John let me in, your bandages needed to be changed before you so rudely threatened me with that pencil." John thought he could hear a hint of worry in the voice.
Went the distance, now I'm back on my fEeet~
“It’s sulfur dioxide, and there’s no need to flatter yourself either, sugar-bomb.”
“Hand me a pencil.”
But now John knew he'd found something much more relieving. And what. Sherlock had left at the either darkest hours of night, or duskiest of mornings. When he'd usually focus on conditioning John into remaining awake until whatever time it was he finished torturing him. All with his one of a kind, flawless, infernal violin performances.
How long would Sherlock have stayed out there until someone finally decided to pry his frozen corpse off the bars and deal with the consequences?
Sherlock shrugged. "I know a few, unfortunately." He muttered as he recalled an incident with a very excitable Molly Hooper, and steepled his fingers beneath his chin; observing the way John's eyes gleamed when the fluorescent lighting above hit them from an angle. John met his eyes serenely.
A small wooden clatter sounded. "Oh just take the sodding coat already."
Irene rises and presses against him, his arm squished between her breasts as she steers them towards the girls ward. “Mmm,” She unnecessarily purrs. “I like them rough.”
Sherlock stared at the closed door until he heard footsteps recede down creaking stairs. Taking a deep breath he scrubbed a hand through his hair. That was more troublesome than usual. She usually just condemned him to hell and told him he was the most repulsive human being she'd ever had the rancor of meeting. He made to walk back to the kitchen but it was short lived.
. My shoe is worth more than your
John Watson shouldn’t feel this way. Not at all, not in the slightest. Mmm, perhaps a bit. Okay, far more than a
He groaned, feeling his head lol onto the soft fabric of a coat. When the unsettling sensation passed, he cocked his head back gently and tried to comprehend what was happening. "John, are you alright?" Too far gone to notice the odd use of his name from a complete stranger. He opened his eyes to look at his savior and paused.
“Tickets are expensive you see?”
After he got his wallet back. Couldn’t have his name and face on a wanted poster. Nope, that would just be bad for business.
"Yes, please."
"Yeah, that would be me." He smiled, already feeling easy around her. She seemed like a strong woman, wise yet sweet. A true caretaker, a giver. She reminded him of a mother he never had.
His prize? Misery.
Sherlock mentally and physically chokes on the word.
"Carol, Carol Abbott. Would you mind directing me to her office or work area? It's an emergency."
Sherlock was looking at him expectantly. Ah, “Anytime.” John waves off, not voicing the obvious about the genius’s  own rather concerning situation—as the headmaster had referred to Sherlock as during their last meeting. Genius. He’s not one to disagree with the hard-earned term as he observes the multitude of projects littering Sherlock’s side of the very much occupied room, feeling a little proud. There was a method to the madness here, just have to look, he supposes. Observing a jar filled with formaldehyde and tiny white balls, the label reading: Rat eyes. Lovely.
"Well yeah, I just- look I just wanted to apologize for earlier. It was uncalled for." He admitted and felt embarrassment flare in his stomach. But Sherlock was looking at him now, so that was something.
John aimed a content grin up, but it slowly slacked at what he saw there. Sherlock's translucent gaze squinted at him almost adoringly. Eyes smiling more than his pursed mouth, as though he didn't want to show too much.
. "And yes, slamming someone into wall for being rude is to be expected. More often than not it's usually done by said verbal abuse victim. Not spectator."
Maybe he needed it.
“So, I see you aren’t dead!” John chirps at the indisputable evidence of his ridiculous conversation opener sitting right in front of him. His arm comes up to rest on the ongoing seating behind Sherlock’s shoulders with a truly ridiculous smile. Although Sherlock isn’t so sure he won’t be dead for much longer if his thorax continues to prank him so cruelly.
Yes, John has managed.
"AHHHH!"
"John, right?" His head snapped upon hearing the croaky use of his name. John cleared his throat. "Yes, that be-that would be me, yes." He stumbled verbally and set his stern but neutral gaze on him. The man looked him up and down and grinned, causing John to clench his jaw in an effort to steady himself. Brennen in der Holle, Mike. Brennen.
“Yes, yes, now shush.” Sherlock interrupts him and sets his fingers in front of his lips while his gaze grows shrewd.
"Um, Sir?" The kid- Gavin was it?-turned to look up at him over the rims of his square spectacles nervously. He was a pale willowy guy, dressed in a cleanly cut suit, expensive looking shoes, wearing some noxious celebrity colon he recognized, and slicked back hair.
He wants to soar, scoffing at the very prospect all the while. Leap off Lady Liberty, crash headfirst into the Thames, feel the wind bite his nose and flick his hair, and do it all again. Until he can’t take the fall anymore. Not as if he expects to get that far. Fully expecting to leave an unrecognizable, spongy cadaver floating below London’s Tower Bridge at 33. Mycroft would choke to death during the reading of his will, poor Mycroft had always been a stress-eater—he’d put a great deal of thought into it after all, would be a shame if they interrupted it mid-clever, Putin and smuggled Sugar Daddy candy and Donald Trump reference. America deserved a proper farewell too.
"It's Greg." Was all 'Greg' grounded out before John piped up and introduced himself. Frowning at Sherlock sideways as he stepped forward, his cheeks taking on a pink tint. Which was strange. Sherlock had only reminded Greg that he had a wife to get home to. That he should hurry and let them through. Their marriage was suffering after all.
"I'm happy to see you too, mummy. Please stop crying?" She sniffled and burrowed herself into Sarah's chest and muffled her sobs as the elevator doors slid closed.
. I can decide whether or not I want you to eat out of garbage cans for the rest of your life with a snap of my fingers. I can-and will-
John bit back a growl and tried to repress the burning rising up his neck and cheeks. He forgot he was half naked and crawling through a strangers home in fear of being shot by someone who was only interested in spiting a wall. Typical. "I'm not a prostitute. Now explain." Sherlock looked down and mumbled something that sounded suspiciously similar to "Superiority complex." and walked off to the kitchen. John blinked as his gun lowered in surprise but he quickly recovered and aimed the gun at him again. "H-Hey! What do you think you're doing?!"
Sherlock runs faster, feeling his lungs tremble and shake with the exertion, and his windpipes drier than the Kalahari desert. All because of the approaching out-door gym. And
gruesome photographs he’s been required to commit to memory, every pus dribbling puncture and abraded rash ingrained into his very
“Fascinating,” John forces politeness. “I’m going to help you inside now. And then I’m taking your temperature.”
He knocked again for good measure.
He sees John cup his hands over his mouth.
Another gunshot. His eyes widened and he quickly but carefully braced himself against the wall next to the door. John swallowed and waited for a few moments to pass before he opened the door swiftly to prevent it from creaking. Repeating the motion, he shut the door behind him briskly yet softly. He turned around and flicked his eyes wildly around the area and found himself in a hallway. Carefully treading down the hallway he avoided any creaking floor boards with ease, even though it stressed his wounds.
Greg's eyes were bright and astonished, and maybe a little guilty, as he looked at John. A small smile slowly curling his lip. Then a coy grin. "I think I'll keep you."
He felt the hand above his right shoulder halt raising the blanket. Then an admittedly strange, quick tap. Affection? "You're welcome, John."
As Kevin focused on making his drink, he swiveled his stool around and leaned onto the cool marble bar, eyes scanning the crowd once more. Briefly wondering what Myc would think of his habits. His conversation and his reciprocators. Perhaps he was hoping for too much, all he wished to do at the moment was piss him off until his face matched his hair. Mycroft didn't much care for his methods of indulgence when it didn't involve needles or powder. But he had his ways of ensuring that Sherlock's methods weren't anything less than seemly, more so than usual and much to his annoyance.
John twitched while Sherlock set the kettle on the cluttered stove and walked over, having lowered the gun earlier.  "And do you normally walk away when you're being held at gun point?" John asked, leaning against the kitchen's walkway and throwing the question back at him.
"Do you-do you have a bathroom?”
Horrified, and mind racing with any and all smoking health hazards. Doctor John snatches the cigarette from Sherlock’s disconcertingly mature, flapper-poised fingers. “Are you insane?” John repeats, because the questions were
Sherlock scoffed as though the papers were insulting his livelihood and tossed another booklet aside, immediately reaching for another. Who the hell could he be hiring (John winced as another resume was thrown down carelessly, poor Eduardo hadn't a snowballs chance in hell.) and for what? "Speaking of which, it's probably done. Washing cycles generally take around fourty-five minutes, not seventy-two hours."
. Suddenly realizing where this was going, Sherlock rushed to fix it before he was left stuck on a rock with a bruised cheek. Watching his crestfallen monkey swing away forever. He needed a way down
“No. I will not submit.” A vehement whisper breaks the receding patter of morning rush bleeding beneath his wooden barricade. Sherlock clenches his hands into tight fists, determination flooding his limbic system and sparking in his chest. He won’t submit to such unvaried circumstance. It will be disadvantageous, a mistake, briefly blissing but prospectively pointless and then simply…painful. “unpleasant.”
improbable, I am taking no chances.” Sherlock hisses down at his zipper, coming to a stand at the door.
Sherlock hauls his bookbag over his shoulder, just a tad haughty at being caught out and lectured by Isaac Newton’s disorders all given a vessel. Newton’s apparent complex who has also seemed to have developed an affinity for him in whatever mad intricacies that had sprung the moment Jim caught his eye inquisitively last autumn. His excitement had been palpable from 10 yards away as Sherlock rattled off the teacher’s affair with a student from the braces’ marks prominent in his poorly concealed hickeys. In spite of whatever solidarity Jim may have found in him, he would receive little reciprocation on the sentiment.
interrupted me. I'd deeply appreciate an oath of abandonment." He aimed his last sentence at Christie in particular, words layered thick with distaste and longing.
“As would the
The man slid his blood shot eyes in John's direction and stared. John stared back unflinchingly, all too acquainted with the stare. You cannot allow them to feel superior or in control, God knows the result is anything but pretty. "Don't tell me what to do, fag." John felt surprise morph his features for a split second before he switched back to his stern mask. "Fine, just give me my money and we can be on our marry way." He growled the last bit, only to regret it not a moment later. The bloke's eyes narrowed almost imperceptively and his mouth twisted into a snarl. "I don't like your attitude, faggot."
Sherlock lowered the phone to his side, eyes suddenly taking interest in the flurry's erratic pattern and not bothering to hang up. Waste of effort. The phone crackled by his side, something sounding like:
Sticking to the cream walls, and away from the chattering diners, he avoided  the reserved, white-clothed tables, all occupied by people wearing formfitting dresses or suits. It was simply rude to trek through. Nobody wanted to be eye-level with a penis before eating dinner. Well, perhaps some. Sherlock corrected himself when he noticed a young man being groped beneath the concealment of a lace table cloth. Well...it had still maintained most of its class. Quickly averting his eyes before he was caught, he surveyed the area with appraisal, the walls were cream coloured and displayed historic knock-offs of famously known paintings. The occasional pale, marble fountain could be found in one corner or another.
Now, off to break into the library. He needed the 10
Oh Christ.
In the end, John honest to god managed to defeat him. Which was strange considering Sherlock had taken to staring into the very depths of his soul since he'd first opened his eyes, finding himself in this...situation.
"Doing the maths" had mostly consisted of John hovering over Charles body. His hands being the only thing holding his weight up as he leaned them on the either side of Charles's head. Only leaning back and onto the back of the seat parallel to the mayor's to scribble furiously in his notepad. Some stupid lotto pencil  Anderson threw over before leaving with Sally and Lestrade kept giving him splinters. He probably did it on purpose. John didn't know what his problem was and he didn't like him either.
Which was ridiculous, because they had clearly made a mistake. One that he'd ensured they'd answer for. Painfully and thorough, stripping them of their stature and long-respected positions. It was shameful, they weren't soldiers, they were brats. Brats that had somehow managed to outwit the most brilliant man John had ever had the ill fortune of knowing. Brats that knew his best friend better than he did.
Stock-still in surprise, save for his transport’s reaction to extreme cold, he turns to John. Probably looking every bit like the deer in headlights as he feels.
Moriarty ran through the crowd, appearing to be desperately looking for something. Big fat messy tears dripping down his face. Then he looked startled, like he'd just remembered something very important and turned to the elevator. Which was being blocked by a giant sodding security guard. Splendid.
.” He corrects her, histrionic, and suddenly hopping on one leg as he attempts to slip his other one into his skinny jeans. He glares at the yowling alarm clock. 5: 23 am.  Maybe if he rushed he could get back to his dorm before patrol performed their morning rounds and found him in exiting the girls ward. He couldn’t afford another run-in with the headmaster, lest they call
it?" Sherlock cocked his head with raised brows. "Didn't you hear me? I said a was-" He brought his lanky arm up and spun towards the wall and fired. "Bored!"
“Just—“ John clenches his fists until his nails bite into his life-lines. “
Mike, looking as though he wanted to ask him something terribly important, opened his mouth to say something else, but John wasn’t in the mood to placate him any more than was socially acceptable, annoyed by the fact he’d have to do…this. Alone. And took off towards the van. The van was white with a logo for some type of plumbing company on the side, 'You clog it We snog it!'.
"What do you mean by 'line of work'?" He questioned, crossing his arms and cocking his head a bit. Only refraining from leaning against the wall after his shoulder chafed it. Everything was so tender now and he wasn't exactly fond of the idea of passing out on the floor...again.
But he’s insane, you see? He’s a machine, constantly working. Working until he sees red, until his head aches and he needs to schedule prospective aspirins for later hours in hopes of lasting the rest of the day. He does it. For him and him only, he can’t stop if he wants to. Perhaps that’s why he refuses to share, handing over something so valuable and seemingly limitless to greedy hands—they could wring him dry, possibly. If they squeezed him at just the right angle, holding him there with a stiff, light shake before he could throw in the towel. He knows how they wish to commandeer his gears, trying to rearrange technology so advanced it would make their little permed and bald heads spin right off. It’s comical and almost makes him want to try. There’s another catch though, no one can. Statistic and probability concepts dictate they never will. Not even him.
John smirked and continued looking ahead. "Yes, yes I do actually."
The panic still a steady hum in the back of his mind, John felt himself bristle.
Upon reaching a seemingly unused recycling bin and making to step over, John had noticed the lack of his companions footfalls. Oh, not again.
“Of course I’m not dead, why would I be dead?” Sherlock questions a little dazedly when the strangeness of the prompt finally rears its strange head.
“Why are you here?” He asks, despite already knowing why.
been waiting for someone.
Stiff posture, jittery dominant hand, nervous, panting, exerted—why? Oh, rugby practice? No, he ran here seeing as practice started before homeroom, idiot. Why? Haphazardly dressed… not one to sleep in, though, no matter his sleep deprivation. Ran from rugby practice? Surely laps weren’t as horrendous as everyone put them off to be—wasn’t that counterproductive— never mind. Concern crinkles John’s expression so severely Sherlock can see it from the seventh row up. Has someone died? No, not likely, why would he be in homeroom? John’s best mates had a higher chance of meeting up and being around him in far more… according to surroundings befitting of his exerting hobby.
Greg bared his teeth in a grit snarl.  "What?"
"Where are the rest of my clothes?"
There was also the fact that Sherlock could call the police, but he'd been pretty adamant on his denials of doing so.
"My head looks fine."
John had long removed his bandages, as they were no longer needed and soiled. Still ashamed that he had been so easily triggered, he was a doctor after all.
, staring the top of Sherlock’s head down. Patient no matter his urge to help Sherlock breath.
. "Great! You'll find mommy in the door with the number 276 on it." He pointed at the key for emphasis. He ushered her into the lift and pressed the 12th button. "Bye-bye, Sarah." He waved with a grin.
John took the bag from his hands, now turning the bagged bullet in his latex-gloved palms. He eyed the growing tensity between Anderson and Sherlock carefully.
The door swung open. For a moment he feared he was going to be crushed by it, seeing as he was seated directly behind it, and braced himself. After a few moments, he noticed the door had come to a solid stop just two inches from his toes. He frowned and looked up. "Are you alright, John?" The figure asked and placed a key onto the ceramic. John felt his stomach clench in embarrassment.  "Yes, thank you." To which Sherlock nodded and all but dove through the cabinet, fishing out an extensive series of medical supplies and setting them on the counter. "I've managed to stitch the few deeper wounds on your torso and left arm you received from landing on the stray rock or debris. Your abrasions have mostly healed over the past 3 days with some salve."
Because, honestly, why would he bother with SUCH NEEDFUL thoughts if he weren’t being influenced by inherited genetics of a bleeding heart? It wasn’t him! The gleaned knowledge had been courtesy of ancestry.com. Analytical chemists and numerologists were, quite simply, wimps.
“Uh—no!”
"Yeah," His voice cracked on the syllable. "a small red man repeatedly pokes and prods me with his pitchfork, sassing me into oblivion and yelling obscenities spliced with my
Massacred their most distinguishing features, making their skull unrecognizable to its every curve, becoming a ragged, sharp edge to the bone. Hurling machetes at dead bodies happened to be loads more entertaining than a conservative whip. The more blood the better. Feeling the warm, seemingly endless supply of red life paint his body was exhilarating. It was wrong and it was right. He's always loved things he couldn't have. It left him glowing. Perhaps Elizabeth Bathory wasn't too far of with her beauty routine. John even complemented his fair complexion upon arriving from a local pub, lightly inebriated. He may have preened just a bit.
John’s teeth appeared to be gritting. “That doesn’t explain too much on your part, yeah.”
"Got your fix yet, genius?" The male hovering by Sherlock's shoulder sniped.
. Sherlock feels terribly better already. “In a U.S CARET study, roughly 18,000 smokers and asbestos workers were regularly ingesting 30 milligrams of beta carotene supplements for four years, and had been effectively linked to a 28% higher risk of lung cancer.” Sherlock leans forward and onto his elbows to regard the overgrown brat from his rightfully elevated seating.  “Oh, yes, and alcohol spliced with high dosages of beta-carotene cause intracerebral hemorrhages. What does that tell your doltish, little, hungover denial?”
John didn't find her words patronizing whatsoever, to be truthful, he was glad that Sherlock had someone else looking out for him.
So sorry for the wait. I attempted to hint at John's less-than-seemly past and how Sherlock's distress acted as a sort of trigger. How it managed elicit memory and slight trauma from a vulnerable past. And how he weaved it to his bidding, to his choice. In short, how John manipulated good and not-so-good influence and his susceptibly pivotal upbringing to do what it should and shouldn't have done.
So many times, it happens too fast~
A bullet would envy the speed at which he flew off the sofa.
“Of course. Aren’t you supposed to be AP?” John grins off the fervor, dropping the cigarette to the floor and crushing its already tattered remains beneath his sneaker. Nose twitching at the smell while Sherlock cocks his head back to peer up at him. John glares at Sherlock when he finishes, no heat in the gaze this time, not right now, making Sherlock raise an eyebrow. And digs a hand into the back of the curly mop, ruffling it harder at the noise of quiet surprise he got. “If I catch you smoking again I’ll steal your new biochemistry textbook.”
Sherlock then exhales a very much not asleep breath. Practically melts into the mattress far more than already thought possible, and tilts his head farther into John’s red travel-pillow. Allotting him a better angle at his neck. John pauses at the movement, unsure if Sherlock was asking him to stop or not.
A brief, boyish laugh sounds soft yet bright at Sherlock’s side over the muted chaos of the room. “Uhm, all right. Why do you want me to leave you be for the next twenty-some hours? That might be a little hard considering we, you know,
“What chances!” The angered tone caused John to look up. His neck cricked, ow. Sherlock crossed his arms, looking genuinely irked. “
"Oh, heavens no I'm a user."
John aimed a content grin up, but it slowly slacked at what he saw there. Sherlock's translucent gaze squinted at him almost adoringly. Eyes smiling more than his pursed mouth, as though he didn't want to show too much. It took his breath away for a moment.
“Oh, right. Go check with Mrs. Hudson. If there's an ounce of decency left in this building, chances are they gave it to her. Chances are slim if I might add.” Sherlock added, not sounding hesitant in the slightest.
The ball stays still, and before John can reiterate his request or say fuck it and haul Sherlock over his shoulder like James Bond and Carrie back to their dorm so he can disinfect the head wound and nail marks—which will sting like a bitch because of some battering bitch and John
Sherlock gives him a small grin, his inky curls shadowing his eyes from the yellow lamplight above. Serving to make him look just a bit less helpless. “So, how’d you ruin the sweater your mom wanted you to wear yesterday?”
Until now.
John awoke with a start, shooting up and rolling out of bed in a whirl of sheets and panic. He landed on the hardwood floor with a grunt, still tangled in the white sheets. As he struggled to free himself another gun shot rang out, confirming his suspicions and adding to his growing anxiety. He kept himself low and behind the bed in fear of being shot.
The night sky was dark and vast, it reminded him of when he'd accidently spilled a bottle of ink all over his mother's writing desk when she tried to teach him how to sign his name in quill pen. She had been so angry. Although this time, there was an array of shimmering stars, all on breathtaking display. He took a deep breath and licked his lips, he could taste his skin in his teeth. He nearly sobbed when snowflakes landed on his bruising and bloody face. A relief, soothing his raw burning skin.
Later, John would find out it wasn't the first time Sherlock had spilled gut's out the man.
“Keeping you from falling on your pretty face.” John blinks innocently. “What else?”
John takes the slightly torn notebook paper and reads the conservative scrawl on it for a clearly unnecessary period of time, eyes narrowing in deep concentration as he goes over it gravely like he is proofreading his mother’s will instead of an immature jotting Sherlock hadn’t done since his primary years. Upon finishing with a weary, salaried nod that Sherlock could appreciate in its grace, John says. “I’ll have to speak with my lawyer first.”
Sherlock stopped, he didn't know why but he began to feel...upset. He quickly shook the feeling off. One couldn’t tell of his internal struggle, he only blinked, so he needn’t worry. Why would he possibly be
me that." He countered the done being with a sniff and held his drink towards him. Three troubling ice-cubes clinking against the glass’s circlet. "I need more ice."
John inhaled with a tight smile, so much for plan not-as-bad-of-a-criminal-as-I-could-be. "And why are you
What do you want? As I've said I'm rather busy." He affirmed sibilantly and attempted to sift wooden fragments from his locks.
And then physically restraining himself from sprinting down corridors in his search like a madman. Again. So, adamantly reining in patience he didn’t possess, he had made himself walk around in his underwear to avoid booking it to nowhere-in-mind pants-less. Only after he’d shaven, eaten, wizzed twice, shaved, showered and orally sanitized, only then could he dress. Only then could he trod straight to rugby practice, his one endeavor. Point A to point B.
One that John got to hear.
“They don’t possess your military experience.”
“Quiet, pest—”
Suddenly a call came from the van. "C'mon, Jay! Lets go!" John's eyes shot towards the van again just in time to see a hooded figure before his head was thwacked to the side, disorienting him. Stumbling to the side he leaned against the wall and; still shocked from the blow. tried to make sense of the world so he could run away. Once the world became slightly clearer he looked up to see the man-Jay staring down at him with a coy smirk. He couldn't feel the side of his face.
In an effort to distract himself from the shredded and bloody mess that was his lower body-and out of curiosity, he asked. "Why did you help me?" Sherlock didn't pause in his ministrations. "Because you needed help." John gasped softly as the dressing was wrapped tightly on a sore spot.
that accompanied it. Or the way his entire fucking body loosened at the unpleasantly sweaty contact.
“Be quiet! You’ll attract attention!” Hissed John, only performing a quick scan of the area after glaring at Mike in warning. They were alone as far as he could tell. Decaying brick wall, rough pavement, overflowing garbage cans and the stars acting as their only company for tonight’s peddling. “They should be here any minute now. Quit your whining.”
“What do you propose I do then? Eh?” Hissed John, sliding the shredded remains of his once-beloved jacked over his undershirt-clad torso. Having slipped the clean but lightly stained thing back on upon reentering. “Put all my boys at risk because you want me to go play with you?”
Good, the more to use against them the better. Just
Kevin shrugged and lowered his hand, still smirking and ogling said 'him'. "Yeah, you say it isn't really your area but," Kevin chuckled quietly and looked up. "I've seen you leave with a guy every now and again." Sherlock frowned and glanced down at him.
Reaching back he found that his hand was almost completely covered in blood; he felt his heart stutter as the air he was breathing suddenly became so so much colder. Then the kicking started. John struggled to cover his face with his arms: afraid of worsening his head injury. The only thing running through John's mind was to protect his head seeing as anything else was a lost cause.
Sherlock's head snapped up, a frown marring his features. "It is an experiment. You have no reason to assume otherwise." Was that supposed to reassure him? John sighed leaning against the counter and sipped his tea with a grimace. The sight in front of him was nothing less than troubling but he wouldn't let it go to waste. He'd learned long ago not to waste luxuries, no matter how simple, regret was ugly.
Apparently, Sherlock, presumptuous as ever, could not take a hint. But he could take a challenge. “Stockholm syndrome.”
. Do well and don’t heed him, if you insist on walking on eggshells I'll be forced to ensure you step on the literal metaphor every morning.” Lestrade wouldn’t need to heed John either.
Christie squawked, affronted, and covered her voluptuous chest with her hand. "Plastic?!"
Wow. “That,” John, still watching Sherlock’s stiff back, nods in affirmation of his own admiration. “was totally awesome.”
"Sir, are you alright? Sir!" A voice called to him in a strict voice, it was much closer now. "I need you to stay awake. Open your eyes damn it!" And open his eyes he did. He looked up and saw two clear blue eyes. They reminded him of ice. He shivered. "Sir, you need medical attention. I need to take you to my flat." The figure informed him, gently leaning him against a nearby wall. John didn't answer, either because he was too far gone and couldn't form coherent sentences or he was too busy staring into those eyes that appeared to stand out against the shadows, the illusion most likely induced by his kicked in cranium.
Oh, John was well aware of the experiments just not that they were
A small wooden clatter resounded. "Oh just take the sodding coat already." Surprised, John's head whipped up to see Sherlock's hunched shoulders shaking, a small, breathy snicker managing to worm its way past his defenses. It was a happy little sound, yet no doubt a reserved one.
"You must be John! How are you fairing, dear? I'm sorry I haven't been up to check on you both lately." She set aside her broom in favor of her new guest.
The male from before stepped forward. "Who are you?" The question had somehow been voiced like an insult.
John sighs at the words. He didn’t really care all that much, coach has been whipping them into shape ever since he caught wind of their immature pattern, at least he still had Mike. But he still gets the least throws, which can be stifling. “What wrong with staying on someone’s good side?” John asks, annoyed. Maybe
Well, he could also be fantasizing about a man, his man friend, man roommate, and a dead man…
"John. John, I need you to breath." Sherlock spoke in a strict tone. Wait, he was breathing wasn't he?
“It’s called a
“Where’re you headed?”
"Don't touch him!"
It seemed oddly intimate for brother and sister, Lestrade thought with the beginnings of a grimace. Making another right, he knocked on her office door. Gavin just walked forward and grasped the doorknob, aiming a large grin at him. The awkward kid with anxiety from earlier completely disappearing. "I've got it from here, thanks."
- has already informed you of myself and my
Turning his attention from Sally's darkening features, he quipped rhetorically. "Contemplate why, why don't you?"
Sherlock clicked his tongue. "Wrong!"
his concern --because he sees
And then there was that small, nearly-there smile that curled Sherlock’s full lips in quiet surprise whenever John asserted his care in the shape of a careful squeeze on the shoulder, an exasperated reminder of essential sustenance, or a duly-owed complement.
John smiled slightly and put on an expression of what he hoped was sheepish and apologetic; scrubbing the back of his head.
Sherlock can't help the small, grossed-out sound that pushes its way up his throat this time, and steps a little to the left. To put some space between them—his breath really reeked- and casually reaches his hand into the plastic bag to pull out his new binder, slipping his Student Corporeality folder into it, then back into his bag. Might as well do it tonight. And tosses the cigarettes and crayons into his papery pool. The motion too quick for Anderson to identify the childish item or the tempting other.
Feeling another wholly unwelcome pang spike through his chest. John cursed loudly when his eyes burned and gripped the bowls edge tightly. Squeezing his eyes tighter when a knock shook the bathroom stall's door.
John complies with a sarcastic murmur of “So polite.” And sets him down legs first, keeping a hand by his lower back, only helpful when he finally stumbles.
“Oh, get back here.” John finally hisses in exasperation, catching Sherlock by the back of his hoodie and dragging him back onto the cot before he can sprint away. “You’re starting to freak me out.” John tells him honestly, hand gripping the front of the blanket around Sherlock’s shoulders to keep him there, acting as some sort of leash. This was a little irking now. Was he living with an alien? A super spy with super gadgets from the future who enjoyed telling people random shit about their person and then torturing them by not telling them how they knew? Maybe his future wasn’t as dull as he first thought.  ”If you don’t come out with it right now, so help me god I’ll sit on you until you tell me.”
decide to speak even one word of this encounter to the authorities- no-
Mike scrunched his nose at ‘whining’, making his glasses slide down the narrow but short slope of his nose. A huff. “I do not whine-“
John cocks a brow and looks him up and down, noting his defensive posture. “I’m sure I’ll manage.” He manages past the urge to tell Sherlock that he can’t deck people because it would put his temperament evaluation in the toilet. Thus dirtying his spotless profile and later rendering him unemployed and forever alone.
He turns, whips it open, letting the blanket unfurl from its artfully folded state over his side of the duvet. And doesn’t hesitate in throwing it over the stupid genius shivering beside him. John pauses for a moment, still holding the tips of the woven, indigo edging above Sherlock’s waist.
Looking down at them, he had to admit. They were pretty great shoes. "Let him through. Now!"
“There were numerous possibilities concerning a possible rivalry or perhaps a flux in—ah, parental figures. Inherited axioms, mercurial a-grades and such."
He watched him leave, feeling beginnings of guilt weigh on his conscience. John sighed and glared at the kitchen walkway Sherlock disappeared through. He hadn't meant to snap like that.
Luckily, Mycroft left him relatively alone when he implied to more "posh" methods. He exploited this feat to its fullest capacity. And sure, he generally came here for the atmosphere alone but- "Anyone catch your eye yet?" Kevin piped up from the background and slid a sparkling 1738 and ginger towards him.
"Shh!"
John overstepped a few more suspicious items until he reached the shopkeeper, she'd been mumbling something rather obscene about dogs and men before he sharply cleared his throat. Effectively grabbing her attention before his face burned off.
His loyalty was so easily won over by some sarcastic, presumptuous brat. John sighs in the real. He’s too soft. “I hate you.” John says and shakes his head fondly, obviously lighthearted.
“It’s an
"Just answer the question!" He snapped and tried to ignore Sherlock's staring.
“Same thing,” She waves him off arrogantly and buries her head beneath her creamy pastel pillow. “Now go away, Beyonce awaits me on the Eiffel Tower sheathed in bare moonlight.”
Clean shaven, showered, hair sprayed down, not gelled. Good, two gays in a room didn’t look too good. (Not that Sherlock looked gay or anything of the sort, absurd.) Planned on arriving today, wasn’t in a rush for his stress lines were nonexistent and his posture relaxed. Pressed button-down and blue, woolen jumper washed with softener three days or so prior to his arrival, not a speck of lint. So, planned outfit and cleaned shoes, clearly looking forward to his enrollment after managing to get in. Had he not seen his report cards explicitly stating him above average? Of course he’d get in, the dumbass. John appears more mature than most, his patience speaks volumes, he even wears a belt. Smells of cologne strong enough to make him want to dig his face into John’s fuzzy midsection. Sodding Chanel, it always got him. Also smells of tea and bread, perhaps he’d paid his mother a farewell and had lunch, would explain his delayed arrival today. Lipstick smudge on the bottom left corner of his sweater where John had wiped a kiss off his cheek with the material implied as much. Couldn’t be a girlfriend, not a picture or memoir of her in sight.
John’s eyes shoot open at his name, then frenetically blink as droplets assault his corneas, quickly turning around to see his coach. “Ah, what—what is it, sir?”
Nothing. His eyes were dead, guarded probably, as the boy would rather die screaming than express anything more than a sardonic titter. Grey and cold like the polluted snowfall John remembers spitting out during laps after the metallic taste had settled on his tongue. Consequential to earlier childish action and rejuvenating an ever-paling expectation of a better tomorrow.
"You're free to leave now." John startled. The monotone sentence emitting from the slouching figure observing the rubber finger, again. There was no way it was real, but John still played along. Because why not? Sniffing at the dust tickling at his nose, John looked at him, rays of grey sunlight highlighting the dusty room. The blizzard had let up a bit, but snowfall remained resolute and John could feel cool air leaking through the window-frames.
, they’d agree, skin a crinkly paper and limbs weak as they reverently leafed through 72’s yearbook, remembering the sodding line at the office to publish their prides, joys, and hellions on an unpleasantly stuffy summer's day. Crushing regret for missing a shot at something more underneath their overworked, bony thumbs like the pest it is. And inevitably was.
Then John laughed. The sound sharp and disbelieving. As if it were impossible for someone to be so insensitive. Emotionless.
A growl crackled over the line.
Cocking his head, the noirette considered for a moment. Then ultimately shook their head. "Shame, wish I could say the same for your height."
"Asking you to sit down, it's a commonly used hand gesture, I'm surprised you don't recognize it." Sherlock replied, doing it again and looking reasonably miffed now. "I'd like to resume my actions prior to you running to the bathroom and nearly hyperventilating once you caught sight of your wounds." He supplied rudely, but it wasn't mocking.
A smirk, the first expression the drone had affirmed his humanity with since the drive had began. Then a deep, amused laugh.
“Wait. How did you know my mother gave it to me?” John questions, leaning over in suspicion. He hadn’t told Sherlock a lick about his personal life. How far did his hacking weave?
“How did you—“
John does not
Moriarty entered through the automatic sliding glass doors and took in the scene of chattering people and golden shimmering décor. All with an inhale and exhale of deep satisfaction. Tightening his hold on Sarah's shoulders he made his way to the front desk, bumping and squirming through the crowd and holding Sarah out in front of him so he wouldn't get punched in the nose. Only giving them quick bored apologies in compensation. Once he reached the front desk, he slid a card to the maître d.
Sherlock throws his arms up, “Because I’m still breathing!” before bringing them back down and clenching them into frustrated claws, and thrusts them down at the poster. “Why can’t Pluto be a planet too?! Because it resides on Kuiper’s belt?! Because it was discovered
John feels his face go aflame at the admission, and lets out an entirely inappropriate bark of laughter, then a few more and hunches over a bit. Unseeing of the way Sherlock promptly stiffens like a metal rod and grips the doorway tightly, peering over his shoulder to eye him fearfully. “Ah, sorry.” Nor how pain-stakingly slowly he loosens himself.
Lestrade placed a hand on the back of the black swivel chair and leaned forward over the kids shoulder to further gesture to the application on the computer screen. They were seated in his office and he had to show him how to complete an application for networking in the U.S federal government.
Irene props herself up on her elbows to look down at him, looking ridiculously attractive despite she’s just woken up. The damp orange dawn shining rays through the dorm window and onto her features, accentuating her sharp cheekbones and making her blue irises glow.
Sherlock stares at him with the beginnings of a squint. Unabashed as the silence stretches into the background static of the room.
John sighs and catches him by the arm. “Well, Mr. Stalker?”
, and made his way to the man.
“You didn’t get a meal plan?—don’t look at me like that.” John reprimands, exasperated at Sherlock’s indignant swivel. As if the very prospect of pursuing a healthy regimen was blasphemy.  “Jesus do you even eat? I think I saw you eat a chocolate bar once.” John recalls the epidemic and raises an eyebrow at Sherlock’s back.
“With police officers?” He couldn’t help the bite in his words.
John bit back a growl and tried to repress the heat rising up his neck and cheeks. He forgot he was half naked and crawling through a strangers home in fear of being shot by someone who was only interested in spiting a wall. Typical. "I'm not a prostitute. Now explain."
He felt the back of his jacket violently ripped back by the collar. He made to take his jacket off and continue running but was caught at the wrists by his jacket and yanked backward. He roughly pulled himself out of the sleeves and turned to face them. Quickly coping with the fact that he couldn't run, couldn't hide, couldn't scream for help, he took a deep breath and swung at the first guy behind him, the one with his jacket, and landed the hit.
Sherlock clears his throat and looks up at her pointedly. She ignores him and continues. “’How did they get this way?’”
"I found it on the floor after I interrupted the brawl, you dropped it before you fled." Sherlock answered.
Two weeks and five days had passed. Two weeks and five days since he'd last laid eyes on John. Two weeks and four days and 12 hours since John had last smiled at him. Two weeks and three days and 14 hours since John had last called him the brilliant man he was.
"Interesting name for a Hotel. Don't you think so Billy?" He asked, groaning and tugging at his inky curls. Skulls don't talk.
"Get away from him, I'm calling the police!" A deep voice sounded through the alley, soothing Johns ears a bit. There were mutterings of "Shit!" and "Hurry, get the bag!" and finally the blissful sound of tires screeching the pavement, well, maybe not blissful but it was nice. John allowed his arms to drop to his sides and stared up at the sky and tried to catch his breath and ignore the pounding in his skull and burning of his lungs.
Sarah cleared her throat and glanced at the resolved woman standing next to her in question. She only grunted in assent; keeping her rather unnerving stare leveled on Sherlock. Had she even blinked since arrival? Sarah cleared her throat again and straightened her back; staring up at the intimidating figure as the blatant yet muted wrath rolled off him in waves.
is to blame.
“Why the hell would they need that?”
A numbing burn, of what he assumes to be pain blooms in his right shoulder as it collides with a wooden shelf just behind, startled. A spare bucket topples off its wooden tower above him, a small clatter his only warning before the inner walls of the damned thing are smacking over his head and cracking his nose, painfully claiming his cranium as home. Just before he can get a good espy on the culprit of his disturbance, too.  “
John allowed his arms to drop to his sides, gasping for air until his spine arched off the ground.  Trying in vain to ignore the pounding in his skull and burning of his lungs. Everything else had started to go numb, which he couldn't help but be thankful for. Despite everything, it was a beautiful night, he mused. The faint yellow lamplight illuminating the snowfall. Spectating as it landed softly on our corrupted world without a care. The night sky was dark and vast, it reminded him of an accident, he'd spilled a bottle of ink all over his mother's writing desk when she tried to teach him how to sign his name in quill pen.  Except this time there was an array of shimmering stars, all on breathtaking display. John should've poured glitter on that bitch.
And then Sherlock just…freezes, before a rather violent sob wracks his frame, sounded a bit like a half-laugh too. And then he’s shaking so badly John wants to ask if he’s still cold. Still cold from his near-death encounter with heinous classmates, bipolar dogs and playground equipment. John doesn’t because it’s stupid, just props his chin on Sherlock’s shoulder and pulls him in by his bony shoulders--and rubs his palm up and down Sherlock’s back, counting the spinal knobs he can feel as he goes. Possibly transfer some heat if Sherlock really is cold. Sherlock was a lot smaller when he wasn't puffing out his chest like some high and mighty peacock. He fit so well in John’s arms, boxed in knees and all.  John felt like he was trespassing, seeing something no one was supposed to see. Scratch that, he definitely was, given Sherlock’s constant disregard and, as some might even say, slight disgust at compassion.
“Do you want to see the president?” How eloquent.
John hummed in amusement and resumed his watch on the street ahead. Mary had always called him a patient man. But it was at times like these that he couldn’t possibly bear a mere ounce of patience, much less being calm. It was at times like these he questioned how he’d gotten here in the first place, what he could have done differently to prevent himself from becoming the guy parents had warned their children about. About becoming.
His head snapped to the right to see some poor old soul, looking honest-to-god terrified, scrambling out the door and tripping over a few conveniently-placed wooden crates.
John had never run so fast, and there’s a statement. Sliding to a stop at the end of the ridiculously short hall, a ridiculously short-lived sprint too, he entered the room and was met with the angelic sight of a pearly bowl.
John now looked as though he were wondering what tortures he had endured as a child. “He’s dead…”
Oh, John was well aware of the experiments just not that they were
“Must suck to have it thrown back in your face. Doesn’t it, Holmes?” The Irishman resumes, a curl of amusement giving way to his slithering enjoyment. A door clicks to a close, resulting in Sherlock clumsily grabbing at the circlet of the cleaning supply crowning him as he hurriedly lifts it to look upon his intruder. “Not that I haven’t enjoyed listening to you crumble and crack over your supposed element. But I thought I’d join the party.” Ah, so he had been listening in, and only he would.
, the next he’s hunted down and stalked by the woman, as the students had taken to calling her. If they didn’t hate him then, they sure as hell did now.
The horde of people passing just behind them seemed to have dissipated into white noise, but Jesus, they must have been a sight. His bewildered eyes stared up at two half-shut, blank ones. John dug his fingers into his bare forearms, his short nails biting into his numbing flesh. And lowered his gaze to the woolen, navy scarf parallel to him.
!" He curses behind the palm when a tear breaks past. And tries to rip his fingers from the bone-creaking clasp, he didn't care if they broke. He didn't. He wishes his friend was here, he would help. Maybe Grain, Irene would swivel her hips and threaten to sue their pants off, maybe take Sally out to dinner afterwards. He needed
The man looked him up and down and grinned, causing John to clench his jaw  to steady himself.
Grimacing at the pounding in his still sore head, John turned to lean against to cabinet in an awkward half-crouch half-Indian style position.
“Yeah, although it’s generally genetic or influenced.” Sherlock hums for a second, then looks at John. “Like cancer.”
Sherlock feels an unfamiliar smirk twitch his features. “Good to know.” He murmurs and scratches out another answer with the lotto pencil he stole from Lestrade’s pencil-cup.
. John couldn't help but think. "You're really beautiful," John repeated, although his vision was still quite blurry, he could discern the figure in warm lighting that shone over a head of curly brown locks, giving it a halo-like effect as well as the two keen eyes observing him under curled bangs. They a raised brow and blinked in surprise. Finally turning their head forward with a chuckle. "Thank you, I know."
