Sherlock let out a low hum and began pulling at the hem of his shirt to disrobe, which John tried and failed not to watch. “I’ll go first,” the brunette said as he pulled the garment over his head and tossed it into the slowly-growing pile of blood-stained garments, “because I am certain I will fall asleep waiting for you to finish.”
It was this newfound lack of doubt that aided in prompting John to cross the threshold from verbal confirmations and subtle touches to something a bit more substantial. It’d been a split-second decision that John really hadn’t even thought about. One moment he was nearly seething at the prospect of Sherlock having homeless children do his bidding for scraps; and the next moment his heart was swelling almost painfully in his chest because Sherlock was the
“Listen,” the doctor said, taking a step closer to the young man allegedly named Sherlock. “Greg here brought you in for a reason, yeah? So let’s make a deal. Come into my office for, let’s say… five minutes. If you absolutely hate me, then you can walk out saying you gave it a shot, and you can confidently say it didn’t work for you. Five minutes is all I ask. Of course, I can’t force you, but I think Greg is concerned about something and I’d hate to have had the both of you make the trip here for nothing at all,” he reasoned, and waited patiently as he watched the younger man consider his offer.
John was silent a moment, standing beside Sherlock and looking at the statue, before turning his attention to the detective. “Are you… Buddhist?”
I really am sorry for my absence, but I thank you all for sticking with me. Seriously. I'm just happy that people are reading my story at all.
the most terrifying things John had ever heard made John envy him so, so much. Did he know what he was doing to him?
It didn’t occur to him that the man he’d spoken to earlier that same day, who’d seemed terrified for his life and hard-set on taking a holiday, was dead in the room they were walking into.
“I’d imagine so,” Mary said, looking towards the same house, and John upended his beer can to finish what was left before tossing the emptied can into a nearby bin.
“Mm, I can see that,” Irene hummed, flashing both boys a salacious grin before waving them away with a flippant flick of one wrist. “Go, then. You boys have a good night,” she finished with a wink, and Sherlock didn’t even wait for a farewell from the other two women before he was tugging John along with him and heading for the front door.
“Alright,” the man whispered back, and John couldn’t resist leaning in to place one more sweet, brief peck on the corner of Sherlock’s mouth before he turned, beaming brighter than the sunlight that poured through the large windows, as he made his way into the sitting room, depositing himself with a sigh into the red armchair. Sherlock followed, taking the black leather chair across from him, and John cast him a smile before picking up a piece of warm toast. As he brought it up to take a bite, he made eye-contact with Sherlock, holding the toast aloft in front of his lips. “No jam?” he asked with a mock-pout.
“Ah, good to know,” Sherlock followed up smoothly; and he didn’t know whose benefit it was for, the fact that he chose not to linger on John’s previous statement. “I’ll keep it in mind when winter rolls around and I’m in danger of getting frostbite in my own home.” The quip brought John’s smile back, and Sherlock found his own lips twitching up at the corners at the sight of it.
John furrowed his brow and stepped closer, nudging Sherlock’s arm with his own. “Hey, you couldn’t have seen that coming. For all your genius, not even you could have seen that. Don’t beat yourself up over it.” The huff he received in response didn’t sound chipper. “Sherlock. Hey.” He waited until the detective looked at him, and then he gave a soft smile. “Why don’t you tell me how you know the bag is in the boot, hm?”
“I’ll be back,” John said, voice a touch too quiet, and he heard Sherlock hum in response, before he pulled his hand away. Eyes that were glassy with fatigue blinked open to look up at him, and John, desperate to break the silence that was loaded with some unspeakable tension, kept talking. “There’s stuff in the fridge. Help yourself to whatever you need in the flat… Is there anything in particular you’d like while I’m out?”
The inhale of breath that followed was decidedly not quite as steady as Sherlock’s breathing had been earlier. Clearly, thought John, Sherlock was recalling some not-altogether-pleasant memories, if the way his body had subtly tensed was anything to go by.
No texts or calls came from that number (which John had saved under Sherlock’s name the day he first started texting him), and Sherlock still didn’t show up for another appointment.
If John had previously let himself imagine what a first kiss with Sherlock would be like, there would have been a lot more pomp involved; he was a romantic by default, and while he knew that things in real life didn’t happen quite how they did in films, his imagination always wishfully added in those little nuances that were essential to his favourite love-themed stories.
“So I got a cab and went to get her. I paid the driver double the fare because I made him sit on the side of the highway for nearly half an hour while I got her out of her car and argued with her. Eventually she agreed…” he bites his lip momentarily before meeting Sherlock’s eyes. “... to go to rehab.”
“All we can tell you at this point is that this was a homicide; all other information is confidential at this point, as we are still discussing matters with the girl’s family.” Lestrade pursed his lips and gave a tight nod at one of the cameras after he’d spoken, and John had a feeling this was something he had to say quite often. The reporters all started speaking over the top of each other, eager to have their questions answered, but one young man’s voice broke through.
After paying the cab driver, John stepped out of the back seat onto the pavement and closed the door before fishing his key out of his breast pocket with a pleased smile. He let himself into the flat and closed the door behind him, locking it, before scaling the stairs. His steps were quick, wanting nothing more than to wrap Sherlock in a loving embrace and kiss the man’s stoic features until he was a giggling mess in his arms - but when he let himself into their flat and called out the man’s name, he was met with only still silence. His smile fell as he caught his breath from the hike up the stairs, and he closed the door slowly behind him.
Sherlock found himself grinning back. “I suppose,” he agreed. “Regardless, I’m sorry to have caused you this inconvenience.”
you through anything. Not legally.” Sherlock tracked the man’s movements across the room behind him from the desk, to the bed, and to the desk again, by the sound of his voice and footfalls. “And by that token-” his footsteps stopped, and Sherlock could tell John had turned and was facing him again “-I can’t force you to stay here.” John was clearly attempting valiantly to hide what resignation he felt in admitting that fact. “If- if you really don’t want to stay here, then you can of course leave. I mean, I really don’t want you on your own right now, but… it’s ultimately your choice.”
“Oh, that’s quite fetching,” the shorter man crooned, reaching up to place a hand seemingly unthinkingly on Sherlock’s jaw, as he swayed back and forth subtly with the music, his thumb brushing over one prominent cheekbone. Sherlock’s lips parted, but no sound came out. The alcohol was starting to take its toll on his faculties, narrowing his area of focus to the rough, calloused hand on his jaw and the handsome face before him. “Come on, Sherlock,” John tried, tilting his head, “your body was
“John,” Sherlock admonished, leaving the door for the moment and taking a step towards John instead. “You’ve been to war. Dealt with a lot of trauma.”
,” he said, and John’s eyes narrowed at the almost-mocking tone. “Bravery is by far the kindest word for stupidity, don’t you think?” he continued, which John didn’t deign with an answer. “What is your connection to Sherlock Holmes?”
“Of course,” John said, still smiling. “You’re a brilliant young man. And I suppose,” he added with a laugh, “that all explains how you’re working with New Scotland Yard.”
Sherlock smiled as he pulled the back door open and climbed inside, scooting over to make room for John, who climbed in after him and shut the door. “As close to Battersea Park as you can get,” the detective told the cab driver, who pulled away from the kerb and melded seamlessly with the late-afternoon London traffic.
At the question, John’s smile softened, growing a touch somber. “I have a little personal experience with addiction.”
John was ready, sporting a dark pair of jeans to match Sherlock’s, and another selection from his seemingly endless supply of atrocious jumpers, this one being a sage green that was easy on the eyes - but that, in Sherlock’s opinion, didn’t compliment John’s as well as another colour might. Said eyes, midnight blue and sparkling above a gentle smile, turned to him from where John stood at the stove, fiddling with the kettle, and Sherlock was arrested by the look before it morphed into something unreadable as the eyes trailed downward. It was then that Sherlock realised he hadn’t yet put on his shirt, and he was thankful for the flush already present on his cheeks from the heat of the shower as he quickly, self-consciously pulled on the garment. He cleared his throat as he tugged the hem of the shirt down snugly and then dared to look back up at John again. “What are you doing?” he asked, eyes darting to John’s hands above the stove.
“Brilliant,” Sherlock chirped, a skip in his step as he led the way around a corner, and it was then that John realised he had no clue where he was being taken.
“I-” Sherlock paused and pursed his lips, his clasped hands falling to his lap where one set of fidgety fingers idly toyed with one fraying end of the drawstring in his borrowed sweatpants. “I’d like to take a moment to- to apologise.” His brow furrowed as he struggled to identify the odd taste of the apology on his tongue.
With the utmost care for his fake face and neck wounds, John pulled the jersey with its torn neckline over his head; he’d taken off his jumper and tee-shirt before Mary had started on his makeup. Then he stripped off his jeans and pulled the form-fitting rugby shorts over his briefs. After that came the stockings, rubbed in the dirt and grass and complete with a few tears, which he pulled up over his calves to just under his knees. He’d wait to donn his trainers.
Absolutely fed up, John huffed and turned around, starting to march back to the car that brought him here, and he nearly growled when a voice sounded behind him.
“You’re probably right, he was probably leaving," the DI continued, "but maybe he had a change of heart at the last minute. I’m no expert, but depression is unpredictable.”
“Quit squirming!” Mary reprimanded with a gentle but firm smack to John’s thigh, and in response, John kept as still as possible, fingers grasping the sides of his seat, wide eyes fixed on the mirror of Mary’s vanity as the young woman worked the point of one scissor blade into a small hole in the layered latex and tissue. After much trial and error, she’d managed to find a mix of foundations and bronzers that matched John’s skin tone nearly perfectly -
He tilts his head to place a responding kiss to the top of John’s head, smiling against the soft, greying blond of his hair.
Greg gave him an incredulous look in the rear-view mirror, his confusion audible in his voice when he spoke. “Sherlock, we have to
A glance at his watch told John he’d been at Sherlock’s flat for only about ten minutes. He felt comfortable leaving Sherlock at his flat alone for probably another fifteen. The man had been shaking subtly before John left, and he knew as well as anyone how unpredictable withdrawal symptoms could be. So he patted down his pockets to be sure he had both his and Sherlock’s sets of keys before seeing himself out, shutting the lights off on his way, and locking the door behind him.
“Well, hold on,” John cut it, materialising seemingly out of nowhere at Sherlock’s shoulder, “we don’t know that. If they had a flight, it may have been booked for today.”
I'd like to give my sincerest, heartfelt thanks to every single person who has given this work even a shred of their attention. I can't put into words how much I appreciate all of your support. Every hit, every kudos, every comment, has given me an unfathomable amount of joy and a sense of purpose I sometimes find myself searching for in the monotony of everyday life. This has been an incredible journey for me as a person and as a writer, however cliche that shit sounds. Thank you all so much, for giving me, and this fic, a chance, and for giving it and me so much love. I really can't thank you enough.
His time as a member of the Royal Army Medical Corps, however, was ended preemptively by a bullet wound to his left shoulder, which rendered him unfit for duty in the Royal Army, and even left him bereft of the skills required to continue on as a surgeon, which had been his backup plan since he’d decided to enlist in the armed forces when he was in uni.
Smiling wider, Sherlock took his hands away from John’s chest, with a little reluctance, and took a minuscule step back. “While I’m inclined to agree,” he began, glancing around them where they stood, in the middle of the walkway, on their way to potentially infiltrate a dangerous gang’s headquarters, “I’m not exactly complaining. Though I hope you didn't do it simply because you've discovered I'm charitable."
Sherlock’s eyes were wide as he looked between John’s, lips parted just so in surprise at the sight of John’s pupils nearly eclipsing the royal blue of his irises. His gaze darted down to John’s mouth -
giving police their breakthrough leads. Christ, the more John looked, and the more he read of articles dating back further and further in the website’s archives, the more it appeared this anonymous bloke was practically
John went into action, some part of him wanting to impress the brilliant man across from him; his gloved hands went to Blessington’s thick neck, tugging lightly on the rope and pushing aside the flesh to glimpse at the superficial abrasions underneath, caused by the rope. The rope was thick, and therefore hadn’t really cut into the skin. One bulging eye was open, pupil dilated, staring blankly at the ceiling where the rest of the rope was hung. His face was pale with a blueish tint that was most prominent in his lips, with a dried trail of saliva trailing out of one side of his mouth down towards his chin and neck. John reached out to part the man’s lips to peek into his mouth, and pursed his own lips with a small nod as he hummed to himself, then, analysis pretty much through, he looked up at Sherlock just as Lestrade was coming back into the room.
Nodding silently, John crossed the few paces between the door and the front corner of the warehouse, and dared to peek around the edge.
John thought silently as he watched Sherlock finally approach the body, and flip the back of his coat out behind him dramatically before crouching down and hunching over the corpse.
The doctor gave a hum in response before taking a breath. “Shall we, then?” he asked, and swung his leg forward to hop down off of the concrete slab and into the gravel lot. “What did that note say?” He strolled forward a few steps, eyes narrowing at the neat line of four narrow warehouses a fair distance ahead, each covered with weathered, red paint. “Number two? Something about a ladder?”
about harming Sherlock. But while his frenzied mind was racing with his impulses, his soldier's body took over, moving on muscle memory, and John, strangely comforted by the action of raising his gun to point through the busted-out window of the construction machine he was half-crouched behind, let his mind go eerily blank. A disturbingly quiet sense of calm overwhelmed him despite the horrifying situation as his thumb methodically switched off the safety and moved to pull back the hammer.
Upon opening his eyes, Sherlock was met with the sight of his doctor kneeling before him, a paper cup of water in one hand, an orange bottle in the other, and a look of concern on his face.
Brief warning for some drugs in this chapter, but it's not as vivid as the last one involving drug-usage. And it'll be the last one where drug-use is a central theme.
Sherlock nodded. “At first I resisted, my reasoning being that I didn’t care for how inebriates slowed me down. They inquired as to what experience I had, and once I’d told them, they explained that what they were doing was nothing like marijuana. So, I tried it.”
The sounds of ceramic shattering, along with his wooden cane clattering against the linoleum floor, along with the piercing wail of the car alarm outside that had caused him to react in such a manner without even thinking, had John’s hands flying up to cover his ears as he huddled against the cabinet he’d fallen against.
” he swished his hand through the air in the space between them in an attempt to clarify his point without verbalizing the specifics. “What matters now, is doing what we can to help the police. Maybe we’ll get lucky and catch someone doing something they ought to not be doing.” The ex-soldier offered a small smile and a shrug, earning the smallest, sweetest of smiles from Sherlock as a result. "But yes. I understand. This, the case, comes first. Absolutely."
This unyielding concern was reaching Mycroft levels of ridiculousness, Sherlock thought to himself as he scrolled through the text messages he’d received from John over the past several days; it was no small wonder that the man’s sandy-blond hair was prematurely greying, if he fretted over all of his patients like this.
John’s chuckle is quiet, and tired. “Yeah. Me too.” He hums softly. “Wish you would have been there, though. You probably would have gotten through to her better. I was too emotional about it.”
The younger man - Sherlock? - tossed his head back with an affronted scoff. “Are you really so daft as to think that Mycroft isn’t already well aware of what’s going on? I had faith in you, Lestrade. I really did.” His contemptuous tone gave away his insincerity in his last statements, however, and his brow furrowed as he suddenly took great interest in the nails of his left hand.
not home, and Rosie needs to be put down. But her cot is upstairs in John’s room. Sherlock’s room is downstairs. And he knows John would wring his neck if he found out Sherlock left her unsupervised, and their baby monitors have long-since died, and Sherlock knows they don’t have any spare batteries in the flat and
He retrieved his phone from his pocket, ready to text Sherlock to ask where he was, when the sound of the door at the bottom of the stairs followed by light footsteps coming briskly up the stairs announced the man’s arrival. John turned to welcome Sherlock with a smile. “Hey, you.”
“So you’re leaving then,” John said, trying his best (and failing) not to sound crestfallen; not that Sherlock noticed, as he watched the detective rummage around his desk for a leather-wrapped bundle and a pair of black, leather gloves.
John huffs a weary laugh. “I’m sorry,” he whispers back as he lies down to face Sherlock, and the brunette’s expression softens at the realisation that John truly is sorry; the bags under his eyes tell of sorrow and trauma, his eyes lacking their normal luster. He is unharmed… at least, physically.
“I was thinking, maybe, we could find a place where we’d be less likely to be disturbed,” he suggested, and any arguments Sherlock had died on his lips as he moved to follow John through the door, much to the shorter man’s apparent amusement. He reached behind him to grab Sherlock’s hand, lacing their fingers together almost immediately. Sherlock wondered at how naturally the action came.
“Most people blunder around this city and all they see every day are shops, cars; but when you walk the streets with Sherlock Holmes, you see the battlefield.” He turned around again to face John, the smile on his face almost excited. “You’ve seen it already, haven’t you?”
John’s hand mirrored Sherlock’s, blunt digits sweeping over the spot where he was aware he’d cut himself early that morning - Sherlock had been right, of course, but John had figured, apparently rather foolishly, that no one would notice. “Mm. Yeah. Well, you’re right. Rough night,” John affirmed with a single nod. “But are we here to talk about me again? Or is there something in particular going on in your life that brought you back today?”
As he ambled down the pavement, he pulled out his mobile in a last ditch effort to make himself feel like the night had come to a fulfilling close.
Slightly shorter chapter today, I know; but that just means another update is coming soon to make up for it. I have another post planned for Wednesday morning, so check back then! Thanks again so much for reading. You all are the reasons I am writing.
John licked his lips when he took his drink away. “Well, you must have an absolutely rotten personality, because otherwise I don’t see how the bloody hell you’re single.” His quirky grin was more charming than it had any right to be.
I'd like to thank everyone who has read this and left wonderful kudos and wonderful comments. I love you all so much, it's so nice to know that people are actually enjoying what I (attempt to) write. Seriously. This being my first ever work, I wasn't expecting very much in terms of feedback, let alone positive feedback. I've received more than I could have hoped for from you guys. You are all awesome and I love each and every one of you. So thank you, thank you, thank you, from the bottom of my heart.
The pair of them remained silent for a short while longer; Sherlock studied the rings and lines in the wooden table while John tinkered around in the room behind him, before the creaking of wooden floorboards underfoot signified the doctor’s approach.
“Brilliant. We’re here!” she nearly squealed as they neared a fenced-in garden filled with people loitering about in costumes - or what passed as costumes, Sherlock thought as he glanced at a man wearing pineapple-themed shorts, a shirt with pineapple print, and pineapple-shaped sunglasses - all smoking cigarettes. Sherlock envied them as he was pulled past the haze of cigarette smoke and through the front door of the house that the garden led to, and he found himself pulled from the reasonably-calm chill of the night and shoved into a space that was thrumming with sound and heated by the sheer number of bodies which inhabited it. A guttural groan of dissatisfaction was swallowed up by the thumping bass, much to Sherlock’s dismay, as he was pulled eagerly by Irene through the initial crowd.
“Well then it’s a damn good thing we’re leaving this shithole tonight then, innit?” An unfamiliar voice said, and the comment was followed by laughter.
Lestrade ignored him, looking around the room. “Nice place,” he commented, and his eyebrows rose as his gaze fell upon John, who was just sat in his chair, staring stupidly at him. “Oh. Hi, John,” he greeted.
Sherlock was not a man of faith, the only things he put any stock in being those which could be scientifically proven. Blessings, coincidences, fate; the universe was rarely so lazy as to promote mere
Sherlock sat in content and concentrated silence at the small table in the kitchen; his elbows rested on the wooden surface and his hands were clasped in front of his chin, the knuckle of one index finger running over his own lips in an anxious, repetitive motion.
Thanks so much for your understanding and patience, and thank you for sticking with the story. It's so much fun to write, and it's even better when you guys let me know how much you enjoy it. So thanks again.
He gave a hum of assent. “Yes. Which means there’s every possibility that our suspects are no longer in London. Or even England.” Despondency began to settle in a stifling and oppressive blanket over him, because even he knew that in his state, there would be no leaving the country. For starters, John wouldn’t allow it; and in the event that the doctor did condone long-distance travel, Sherlock wasn’t even sure he would be able to manage a trip to the airport, let alone a flight that could potentially take him overseas. Mere thoughts of bright lights and loud turbines - even if he managed to secure a private flight to avoid the arduous foot-traffic in the airport itself - were almost too much to bear. John was mumbling some half-hearted reassurances that Sherlock didn’t pay attention to as he read the remaining unopened texts from Lestrade.
Sherlock the recognition he so clearly deserved. The thought had John suddenly stewing where he sat.
(EDIT: I didn't like the way this chapter turned out after reading it back for the millionth time, so this is a repost - basically the same as what I posted this morning with some small details changed, mostly for flow and continuity. It's better than the original posting, trust me.)
“Alright,” Sherlock said, suddenly agreeable, no bite in his words as he thoughtlessly took the baggie that Victor handed him, and then the detective turned and made his way out the door.
Sherlock hums, and it turns into a pleased sigh when John relaxes in his arms, nestling his head more solidly under Sherlock’s chin, his nose pressed to Sherlock’s sternum. He feels John’s eyelashes flutter against the base of his neck.
The doctor made a point, though, to keep his mobile on hand that day at the office. And the day after that.
“It’s Lestrade,” Sherlock supplied somberly into the fabric of the tee-shirt his face was pressed against, and John grumbled again in response.
Greg rolled his eyes lightly. “He’s a danger to the whole of bloody London,” he murmured, but the comment held an unexpected, strange sort of fondness that warmed John’s heart. The man seemed to understand though, as he nodded and took a few steps towards the door. “Well, I better go try to find him, make sure he gets home safe,” he sighed, and John felt an incredible sense of gratitude for the man – he wasn’t Sherlock’s keeper, but he felt so strongly towards him, it was obvious. He was like an older brother to the kid, and John found himself feeling honoured to have met him. To have met them both, really. Even though it looked like their acquaintanceship would turn out to be devastatingly short.
John, just as surprised as Sherlock, looked between the two men. Sherlock, clearly, wasn’t buying it.
Victor’s eyes flashed, but he kept a sickeningly-sweet smile plastered on his face, crooked teeth glinting in the dim light. “You’re cute. Cocaine does wonderful things, love.” He sighed, then, before carrying on. “But I suppose you’ve money this time since I’m not giving you a freebie; you’ve always got cash when it’s convenient for you. So go on, fork it over,” he said, and held out a hand.
The doctor peered at his watch to find that, despite his best efforts, he’d still managed to arrive just over five minutes early. He nearly grew defensive, before coming to a realisation and looking up with a teasing grin. “You’re one to talk, you’ve arrived sooner than I have,” he rejoined, to which Sherlock nodded in assent.
Sherlock glanced towards the front of the car, and his smile dropped immediately when Lestrade’s eyes searched him carefully, almost knowingly, in the rearview mirror. Sherlock’s own eyes narrowed defensively. “Shut up.”
Something in John’s chest burned with righteous fury at the statement; and he wasn’t sure whether it was born of some sort of misplaced jealousy, or some equally misplaced fear. “And what’s that?”
“Aren’t you worried about anyone seeing us?” he asked in a stage whisper as he hurried to walk alongside the detective once more, noting how Sherlock’s eyes scanned only the area ahead of them as the ground they walked on turned from dirt to gravel. John’s eyes, in contrast, scanned the lamp-lit path that was steadily receding behind them.
The silvery-haired man nodded and gave a light-tipped smile. “Yes. Thank you. If you could just, uh, you know. Chat with him a bit. That’d be good.” The man looked down and away for a moment, but then met John’s eyes again. “The name’s Greg, by the way. If that’s important. Do I have to, you know, fill out any paperwork or anything?”
“Molly!” Irene greeted back enthusiastically, arm unwinding from Sherlock’s to throw around the other girl, the pair sharing a laugh as they embraced. Molly pulled away and looked between the two of them.
“Sherlock,” John said, to which the younger man responded with an irritated huff. “I’m just trying to get you to understand that this is
minutes,” he urged as he turned, shook his head, and made his way out the door, at the same time as John hesitantly approached Sherlock and crouched across from him, on the other side of the body.
“I see.” He looked off to the side, carefully deciding on his next words. “So… is your girlfriend here tonight, then?”
“Cocaine. Occasionally heroin. Usually administered intravenously.” His responses, remarkably candid, were obtained without any goading from the doctor.
“Right. Well, Sherlock, pleasure to meet you.” John blatantly ignored the rather sassy eye-roll he was given in response, and continued on. “So, what brings you here today?” he asked conversationally.
The pair fell silent after that, both of them smiling to themselves; John busying himself with finishing up the washing, and Sherlock occupying himself quietly by tracing the shapes in the stained grain of the kitchen table.
make you smarter.” He kept his voice firm, but still carrying a gentle edge. Sherlock remained silent, looking defiant. “Cocaine disrupts your neurotransmissions. That’s what drugs do. You’re a man of science; you know how the brain’s reward system works-”
It was brief; hardly a magical moment like in the films, where fireworks go off in the distance while a ninety-piece orchestra swells to a climactic fortissimo; there were no sighs of passion or declarations. What there
The open-floor plan of the house meant that the kitchen was separated from the large main room by a sort of half-wall that doubled as counter space. Said counter space was covered almost entirely with bottles of different shapes and sizes containing various colours of what could only be alcohol. The kitchen itself was rather filled with people, so Molly, Irene, and Sherlock came to stand at the great room side of the counter. That way they weren’t blinded by the full force of the kitchen’s light, and weren’t deafened by the noise in the kitchen.
He was met with thumping bass that nearly drowned out the melody lines of the music, and dimness which was periodically cut through by coloured lights as a couple disco-ball lights rotated where they were fixed to the ceiling in various places. Nerves already settled by the small bit of alcohol he’d consumed, John confidently pushed through the throng of people already dancing and mingling and drinking, Mary close behind him, and it wasn’t long until they ran into a familiar face.
“Oh. Brilliant,” he said, sliding it into his chest pocket and patting it to ensure its security. He looked back up, turning his smile on Sherlock, who was standing there with a pleased expression. “Thank you.”
As they approached the house and walked through the small army of people standing outside in costumes with cigarettes in their hands, John braced himself before leading the way inside the house.
John, for his part, left her to her devices and returned to his small office to sit at his desk. He glanced at the chair where the a brilliant, yet snarky young man had been seated mere minutes before, and let out a slow breath. Try as he might, the doctor couldn’t help but feel a pang of regret at how short-lived their acquaintanceship had been. Sherlock. An interesting name, certainly, but John found it quite fitting, from what he had come to know of the young man. An interesting name for an interesting person. Unfortunately, it didn’t look as though he would get to see him again.
The men stood in silence for a brief moment before John’s smile softened, and he leaned in, tilting his head back to kiss the brunette sweetly. He pulled away and savoured the look of bliss on Sherlock’s open face, the man’s eyes remaining closed for a moment longer before they slowly opened. “I’ll see you after work,” John said quietly, giving the man one last smile before beginning to turn towards the door...
“Mm,” the man hummed, his eyes trailing unabashedly over John’s figure, and John stood still under the scrutiny. “You don’t seem very afraid.”
John quirked a skeptical eyebrow. “So you’re… not uncomfortable.” The conclusion lacked confidence. Sherlock merely hummed in response.
“Quit your sulking.” Irene’s voice cut through his thoughts from where she stood appraising her handiwork in the mirror, “you’re lucky I’m not making you wear a cape.”
Plasters administered and diagnoses made, Sherlock hopped down out of the ambulance with a derisive huff, already pulling his own vibrant orange blanket from his shoulders. “These things are ridiculous,” he muttered, balling the sheet up and tossing the offending wad of fabric away, forgotten, to land on the ledge on the back of the ambulance near where John was sitting.
Her eyes, which looked more green than they actually were due to the deep, subtly-shimmering moss shadow that framed them, met his own in the mirror, and they danced with mirth. “You of all people should know, darling,” she teased as she set her eyeliner down in favour of a pair of false lashes, “or shall we pretend that you
By the time Sherlock stood and turned around, John was shutting the drawer of the bedside table, and the doctor looked up at Sherlock and smiled. The detective offered a small smile back before a ping from Sherlock’s mobile where it sat on the bed drew their attention. John picked it up and peered at the screen, before tossing it to Sherlock, who caught it with ease.
“Sherlock,” he called, his smile audible in his voice, and it occurred to him that anyone nearby would assume he was greeting a good friend, either because of a chance run-in or because they’d planned to meet to grab coffee; not to go stake out a cafe a few blocks away in the event of a break-in. The thought only made his smile broaden.
“He’s better for it. The therapy. I mean, I think. He’s seemed… better. From what I’ve seen. Not like I see him all that often, but… you know. I think whatever you’re doing is working,” he offered with a small, tight smile.
Sherlock waited, listening to the soft, anxious shifting of feet behind him for a few moments before taking an audible breath and raising his head, pivoting in his chair to peek over the back at John, who was standing in the centre of the main room, looking apprehensive behind a frail mask of indifference. After searching the doctor’s tight posture a few moments longer, Sherlock decided to have pity on the man and set his mind at ease. “I’ll stay,” he murmured, much to John’s delighted surprise, if the beaming smile that slowly stretched his lips was any indication.
“Not if we end up killing each other first,” John murmured light-heartedly, smiling when Sherlock snorted.
the killer was found. So long as they had been taken into custody and brought to justice, the public appeared satiated. John would bet his next paycheck that hardly anyone actually read the articles in their entirety; he would be lying if he claimed to have read them himself, before tonight. He had seen the headlines of the news stories come up on a news feed: “Killer Strikes Again,” “Another Homicide Shakes Central London,” “Murderer Still At Large,” and finally, “Serial Killer Apprehended.” And he’d thought, “what a shame,” and then “what a relief,” respectively, and he’d gone on with his day.
The black car that pulled up almost immediately had John sighing in grateful relief, and he tugged open the back door and nearly collapsed inside, bags falling clumsily at his feet as he struggled to shut the door behind him. Already breathless and soaking, John let his eyes close and his head tip back against his headrest as he allowed himself to catch his breath. The cab driver would be needing his address, though, he reminded himself, and he opened his eyes and his mouth to give the information to the cabbie, but his words died in his mouth as he looked around the sleek interior of the car. It was spacious; far more spacious than an average taxi cab from his experience, with dark burgundy carpet lining the floor and what looked to be premium leather on the seats. He half expected to see a minibar when he turned his head, but instead, when he looked to his side, he found himself looking at the profile of a young and very attractive woman, her long dark hair untouched by the rain, her attention on a mobile device in her hands, which her thumbs were tapping away at.
John Watson, who had come into his flat late at night to find a patient high and unconscious in his bed, and hadn’t called the authorities.
For his part, John just smiled, and he had a feeling it looked a touch too giddy, but he couldn’t really help that at the moment. “That was… absolutely brilliant. Incredible. Jesus, Sherlock—how did you do that? How could you
It's been a few weeks, and I apologise, but what can I say? Family things and life happen sometimes. Rest assured that all is well now and you can expect for updates to resume as planned. Here's a little something for you this evening (or morning, or afternoon) that I hope you'll enjoy before my next update, which will be VERY soon.
” he bit out, shrugging John’s hand off of him as he left the room and made for the lifts where a fleet of officers had been mere moments before.
He shifts closer across the mattress, ignoring John’s curious glance as his arm lifts to drape over John’s waist. He tries to emulate the hug he’d given John in the sitting room shortly after Mary’s death, splaying his hand on the man’s back and tucking the man’s head under his own chin. He thinks he’s doing a good job; but John is stiff.
Lestrade leveled a look at John. “Sherlock can say whatever he wants about me being shite at my job, but it doesn’t take a detective to figure
up, that he missed Sherlock reaching for a bottle of soap and a luffa, and was surprised when said lathered-up luffa was swept across his chest. He blinked water out of his eyes to look up at Sherlock, and he smiled. “Shampoo?” he asked over the sound of the water.
Sherlock raised his other hand to John’s other shoulder, hardly able to process the feeling of the warm, solid body against his own; everything was a blur. Their own bodies were a blur, barely distinguishable from each other as they moved together fluidly, the space between them quickly disappearing. Their foreheads brushed, Sherlock’s head tilted down while John’s was tipped just the slightest bit up to make up for their difference in height, and Sherlock was certain he was radiating light, each point of contact between himself and John sending sparks of electricity flying beneath his skin until he was enveloped in an embrace of crackling heat.
“Oh, you know,” John mused as he removed his own. “Breakups. Exam stress. Traumatic relative deaths.”
“Ta,” Sherlock chirped, and thankfully rescued John from any more small-talk and humiliation by tugging him through the door to the warehouse by his elbow.
that implied, “nothing you wouldn’t be uncomfortable with sharing. Just… let me know how he’s doing. What he’s up to.”
His eyelids flutter open, eyes squinting to adjust to the darkness of the room to find that he is lying on his side, curled up atop the duvet. And a
“Just after one.” Sherlock glanced at the small digital numbers in the top right corner of his phone screen as he held his mobile aloft over his face. There was a brief shuffling beside him as John shifted enough to peer up at the mobile screen as Sherlock opened his messages.
John nodded silently and looked back at the door, finding himself still a bit speechless. After a few long moments, Greg spoke up again.
It wasn’t until a set of familiar voiced registered in his ears that Sherlock bothered to look away from the surname spanning John’s upper back at all, and when he did, he was met with a kind smile from Molly, and a knowing one from both Mary and Irene.
“How much longer are you going to be?” he asked as he came back to stand next to Mary before the mirror, turning to the side and admiring himself in his torn and dirty uniform.
The sights out the window were even more bleak than they usually were, London’s typical dreary grey made ever the more gloomy by the rain, though it didn’t dampen John’s mood. He shivered slightly in the back seat of the taxi as the chill seeped into his bones and made itself more known now that he was no longer in the rain, but he was comforted by the knowledge that he’d soon be in the company of Sherlock once again.
The frantic cry of his name in Sherlock’s voice was cut abruptly short as John promptly lost consciousness.
“Sure,” John murmured, horribly put-out, and started walking away from the alley, before he realised he was still wearing his blue suit. “Um, what do I do with this?” he asked, and Lestrade looked back at him.
The good doctor had just barely abstained from pulling out his mobile and sending a text near the end of the workday, under the guise of letting Sherlock know that office hours were quickly drawing to a close in case he did want to come in after all. But he knew Sherlock had his card, and that card had office hours on it, as well as information necessary to schedule appointments. And he knew Sherlock had not scheduled a meeting; he’d kept a closer eye on his online appointment book recently than he cared to admit.
The journey up the stairs, it seemed, got easier every day. Since his limp had stopped acting up on him quite so much (even as a doctor, he’d never fully understand how something psychosomatic could affect someone to the extent it had affected him), his mobility had increased tenfold, and he hardly had to think about putting one foot in front of the other these days. He tucked the newspaper under his arm to free his hand so that he could unlock his door, and once inside, he let himself relax.
John bit his lip to keep himself from chatting and lingering in the doorway any longer, and edged the rest of the way out the door, before letting it close with a soft ‘click’ behind him. One final check to be certain the door was locked, and he was off, making his way down the dimly-lit hallway, down the stairs, and out the front door of his building.
“Sherlock.” John stopped him, sounding as exasperated as he looked. “Preserving professionalism is no excuse; we’re long past that,” he continued, lowering the volume of his voice in the event that anyone should pass by the small room and hear this quite frankly absurd discussion, “we shared a
“Would you- I mean. Um.” Sherlock slowed his pace a bit, chewing on the inside of one cheek. He looked over to where John was looking up at him with hopeful, expectant eyes. “Would you, perhaps, care to come back to my flat?” he asked carefully.
“Hello,” Sherlock chirped with a bright smile, leaning down to press a kiss to John’s cheek. John wondered if this was the effect the honeymoon phase was having on Sherlock, or if he’d forever remain this cheery. He sincerely hoped that the latter was the case; and he resolved to work for the rest of his life to maintain that cheeriness.
The woman’s smile was fond as she nodded to him. “I will. Thank you again.” With a final wave of farewell, she departed, making her way through the small waiting area and through the front door of the establishment.
sang the voice over the speakers, and Sherlock bit his lip as John’s hand dropped from his jaw to slide down his front.
A short hallway followed, and the design on the threadbare carpet nearly made Sherlock ill as dirty, tread-worn shapes stood out in the third-dimension to trip him. But he made it past the treacherous carpet-shapes and came to stand before a doormat, where he nearly fell over as he searched for a key he already knew would be there, before fumbling with the lock of the door behind the mat and pushing his way into the flat on the other side.
He’d awoken to the sounds of water running through unfamiliar pipes, the late-morning light streaming through a window at an unfamiliar angle, the feeling of unfamiliar clothes adorning his frame, and the sensation of his bare hands and feet sliding against sheets of an unfamiliar thread-count. The lone factor that had kept him from launching immediately into a panic was the scent that he was met with; his mind had supplied for him the connection between the aroma that lingered with stale rainwater on the pillow under his head, with that of a small and familiar office, and a particular ex-army doctor.
Pavel, still believing he had the upper hand, grinned fouly. “One more step and I’ll paint the wall with your partner’s brains,” he threatened, and then looked skyward with a ponderous look. “Well, actually, I will do it anyway. And then I will kill you. And I will enjoy it.” His evil smile returned. “It will be the last thing I do before going to prison, and I will
He heard Sherlock sigh softly from where he’d gone to stand by the window. “Might run to the Yard. Pesker Lestrade in person to give me something to do. He’s not answering my texts,” he murmured with a sour expression.
And Sherlock smiled, as bright as the shining sun in the clear blue sky that shone down upon them in their boat on the beautiful sea, making the waters glimmer radiantly. John could see the horizon in Sherlock’s eyes; it was crystal clear and limitless.
John looked up at the bare beams of the ceiling, and pursed his lips as if thinking, then gave a hum, before fixing the other bloke with a hard stare. “No.”
“She’s had a recent falling-out with her former fiancé,” Sherlock stated, and John’s head whirled about in his peripheral vision to look at him.
“Oh, this?” John asked, seeming to just remember that he had blood dripping down his neck and shirt. “Yeah, it looks pretty cool, doesn’t it? Mary did it,” the man said, gesturing vaguely towards where Mary had been standing mere minutes prior.
“Well, I certainly wouldn’t mind using that as a quick cover if someone were to round the corner unexpectedly.” He chuckled and watched on with unbridled adoration as Sherlock’s head dipped in an attempt to quell the grin conquering his lips. He didn’t move from where he stood on the slab next to John, but the doctor’s smile softened when he watched the man’s shoulders rise and fall with a breath.
actually being his patient, effectively removing himself from the programme, which tilted John’s world on its axis. He’d done it so John wouldn’t fret about the sleeping situation after Sherlock had dragged him into the bed with him. And what was John supposed to make of that?
on tea - John sidled up next to Sherlock in front of the lifts and crossed his arms. "I'll hazard a guess and say we're
Thank you so, so, SO much for clicking your way here and reading this little drabble. It was refreshing for me to write; I needed to get away from my other fic for a bit to reboot my system and write something fresh, and it certainly helped. To anyone reading Resident Patient, I'm sorry. That's all I have to say. I'll get to it, I promise. I'm working on it as we speak. Promise, promise, promise.
The light that filled Sherlock’s eyes warmed John thoroughly. He made it a goal, then and there, to make Sherlock look like that more often. “Really?” the detective asked through a happy smile, surprised and pleased.
John stood and looked in the mirror nearly half an hour later, tentative fingers brushing the edge of what was supposed to be his skin on his neck. He had to admit, while he’d been skeptical, it
Then the moment was broken when Sherlock moved his head and his nose bumped against John’s. The doctor yelped and leaned back, distantly enamoured by how Sherlock’s lips tried desperately to follow his own, but John prevailed, turning his head to the side and breaking the kiss for good, however reluctant he was to do so. “Fuck, my nose,” he said, still wincing, and Sherlock’s hands guided his head to look at him again.
Sherlock nodded his head once in affirmation. “I will.” The verbal confirmation made John’s entire body relax with relief, every ounce of tension seemingly melting away before Sherlock’s eyes. The detective wondered at just how much his own safety and well-being meant to the man before him.
Apologies for my tardiness in posting; I would list excuses, but I'll spare you all and just say that my work schedule was unkind to me this week. I will take the necessary precautions to ensure that all future updates are on time. Thanks so much for your understanding. <3
John snorts his amusement, his fingers abandoning the dried stains and now just tracing idle patterns over the silky shirt that has Sherlock’s skin tingling beneath.
Then came the day that John knew to be a week since he’d last spoken to Sherlock face-to-face. The hours ticked anxiously by, John tending to regular clients and casting furtive glances at the clock between appointments, and when closing time finally came, John was crestfallen, having thought that the young man would show; after all, Sherlock had come exactly a week after their first meeting, which was now exactly two weeks ago to the day. When John locked the door of the office behind him and started home, he felt drained; but it was different from the usual fatigue that plagued him after a long day at work. It was a deep, mental lethargy brought on by building anticipation, and the resulting disappointment. Mentally, he kicked himself, knowing that he’d been a fool to think Sherlock would ever allow himself to be kept to some sort of schedule. He didn’t seem like that sort of man.
Sherlock’s smile turned into a Cheshire grin, and he didn’t respond, striding through the kitchen, keeping their eyes locked until he brushed past John, who turned to watch him go, a stunned look on his face as Sherlock went down the hallway to disappear into the bathroom. The sound of running water shortly followed.
Desperate to break the tension that had settled heavy and tangible in the air surrounding them, Sherlock cleared his throat and averted his eyes to glance nonchalantly at a blank wall. “I might as well stay here,” he said, doing his best to sound aloof. “Your flat is far more comfortable than mine, anyway. Proper heating.” He chanced a glance at John to find the man grinning, arms coming up to cross loosely over his chest.
“Sorry, who?” John asked, peering out of his window, which didn’t reveal much considering it was tinted and also covered in water droplets.
“Go ahead,” she instructed, turning to gather a series of small bottles and tubes and brushes from her vanity, holding a few vials of beige liquid up for inspection. “Just be careful not to tear it.”
In a futile attempt to distract himself from his despondency, John took a bit of a scenic route home. It was normal for him to walk from the office to his flat, as it gave him the opportunity to breathe some fresh air, clear his head, self-evaluate, and, on the off-chance he had some extra spending money, grab a few things at the grocery for his fridge, if only to make his flat seem a little less devoid of sustenance.
“Watch what you say-” she uncapped the tube and pursed her lips before pouting them outward “-I’ve got you a pair as well. With any luck, blood won’t be the only thing you’re sucking tonight.” She ignored the look of horror on Sherlock’s face and did her best to not cackle as she applied her lipstick, darker than the night, to contrast sharply with her porcelain complexion.
“Portugal, of all places,” one of the Russians said. “Never did like Portugal.” The words were followed by a grunt as he presumably lifted something heavy.
While John stood still, silently taking in the scene and making sure his bearings were intact, Sherlock stepped forward, and the first thing he did was sniff audibly; as if he were smelling something. John’s focus shifted from the dead body to Sherlock, while Greg, off to the side, silently ushered the few people that were in the room back out into the hallway. The blue minions all filed out in single-file, leaving Greg, John, and Sherlock behind.
tapping away at the phone in her hands. John turned around again to find the man gone, and licked his lips as he turned back to not-Anthea and the car.
"You didn't have to," John retorted, gesturing vaguely at Sherlock's face. "You're all red, and you've just said it's because of the contact," he said, looking horrified at himself.
Both men toed off their shoes, John using a hand on the wall for support, before they shed their jackets - and Sherlock wordlessly took John’s from him to toss on the floor in a heap.
“I’m honoured to be one of those reasons,” John whispers, barely audible. He sighs against Sherlock’s chest, his hand smoothing back down to wrap tightly around Sherlock’s middle. “Thank you.”
“Ah, but if you keep this up, you won’t be solving cases at all,” John reasoned, earning a glare from Sherlock.
The traffic was blissfully light for the hour, and John was soon dropped in front of a neat little row of flats near the British Museum.
And while he was usually good at keeping himself from crossing that line, he knew that he’d been in danger of crossing that line with Sherlock for quite a while.
And to top it all off, off to one side of the room, underneath the bit of frayed rope that was tied to the rafter, lying there being more or less ignored as if it were but a minor inconvenience to step around, was the body of Mr. Blessington, with the rest of the rope tied around his neck.
“Alright,” he said with a sigh, hands falling to his sides as he looked across the room at where Sherlock was still hunched over his computer. “I’ll get going, then.”
“Mm.” Sherlock’s responding hum was immediately followed by the scraping of the butterknife of the perfectly-crusty toast in his large hand.
Second order of business: Thank you so much for clicking your way here and reading, and for all of your feedback. Seriously, thank you.
The young man glanced at Greg, then at the door to John’s office, then back at John. Then, in a motion so fleeting John nearly missed it, the corner of the youth’s lips quirked up in a borderline playful smirk. “Clock starts now then, Doctor,” he said as he moved suddenly, striding quickly past John and into the small office.
While he was taking tentative sips, John looked idly around the small break room that he’d led them to; there were a couple round tables surrounded by chairs and a bit of counter space lining one wall, upon which sat a coffee pot, an electric kettle, and various fixings for tea and coffee. Sherlock noticed when he looked across the room that John had put the electric kettle on while fetching his water.
John thought nothing of it - the loo was the shared property of his own practise, in conjunction with the immediate care centre it was attached to. Students were even known to stop in from time to time, especially since many of the young adults studying at Saint Bart’s had internships in the medical centre. His eyes flitted upwards momentarily to survey his own appearance, but instead of looking at his own visage, he found his eyes drawn to the figure passing behind him. A shock of dark, unruly curls stood in stark contrast to a far-too-pale face, and keen, verdigris eyes caught the reflection of his own in a sidelong glance. It was a fleeting moment, but it felt like eons to John as the corner of his own lips lifted in an automatic, friendly gesture, that was blatantly ignored as the young man looked promptly away, turned, shut himself in a stall, and was silent.
“So, Sherlock Holmes,” John said, turning to face him once more and taking the smallest of steps closer, “how do you know Molly?”
“Oi, where to?” the cab driver barked in irritation, snapping John out of his reverie, and his cheeks burned involuntarily as he realised he’d been staring rather stupidly out of the window, gazing after a man who was no longer there. He distractedly gave his address to the cabbie and looked back to the window, watching the scenes of the streets of London blur as the cab sped off away from the kerb and towards his home.
John watched after them before turning back to face Sherlock, and the smile that took over his face made Sherlock’s stomach do a flip. “So.”
John hummed lowly from beside him, obviously catching the subtle motion. “Yeah, I disposed of what you had left in your pockets,” the man said, and Sherlock didn’t need to look to see the hard line of his mouth, set like it always was when the doctor was disappointed. “I would apologise, but seeing as you broke into my flat, I think the least you could do is be clean while you’re here, hm?”
The street was illuminated by the streetlights lining the pavement, and for a moment, John was lost in the simple beauty of it all. When he was young, he’d dreamed of coming to the city; and then, when his sister had moved out of their childhood home (more out of necessity than by choice), she’d gotten the chance to live near the action, in a small flat with her then-girlfriend in Greenwich. Though he could hardly remember it (he’d only visited once), he recalled the experience being quite nice, even though he hadn’t escaped the fighting, as Tanya and Harry argued almost-constantly. But the scenery was prime.
John was cut off by a sputter as Sherlock nearly choked on his drink, just barely managing to swallow before coughs wracked his body. He set his drink down on the counter before doubling over, a hand on his chest as he clenched his eyes against the burning sensation in his nose. He felt a steadying hand on his back as he gradually regained control of his breathing.
it, he preferred it to the outside. His legs, trembling, nearly gave out under him, and Sherlock, unthinkingly, stumbled to the neatly-made bed, where he threw himself down and landed with his face half-buried in the pillow.
“I can’t either,” Sherlock quipped dryly, and Irene chortled as she slid her arm through his again and leaned into his side.
Sherlock rose precipitously, and didn’t look anywhere in John’s direction in favour of the door, which he swung open brashly, and proceeded to stride through the lobby and to the main door, much to the surprise of John’s secretary, and much to the dismay of John and Greg, who both watched Sherlock exit with wide, startled eyes and agape mouths.
He entered his office and closed the door gently behind him. His newest client was sitting in one of the two chairs, leaning back and appearing comfortable, long legs crossed casually, eyes flitting passively about the room. As John made his way to his own chair, he took a moment to survey the man before him – it was part of the gig, as a therapist, to do a little analysing before the actual session. Body language spoke volumes, and physical appearance could give invaluable information. It was clear to see that the young man was guarded – his posture in the chair gave the impression of nonchalance, but it was calculated nonchalance; that much was obvious. His long body and limbs were arranged in a casual fashion, but his jaw was set firmly and his eyes were sharp. The index and middle fingers of his right hand, hanging over the armrest, were rubbing together in a small, rapid motion – possibly a habitual tick brought on by anxiety or annoyance. The most striking feature about the youth was his skin – so pale, it was nearly translucent. He was thin, too – his skin was pulled taut over his sharp cheekbones, his cheeks were sunken in, and above them, dark circles outlined his pale, keen eyes. Which, John noted, were just the slightest bit bloodshot. Of course, he couldn’t make any assumptions – honestly, at this time of year, with the school term ending, many university students looked about on the brink of death, sleep-deprived and stressed as they were. With his initial observation of his client over with, the doctor decided to begin.
when Sherlock stumbled over his trembling legs and threw his full weight into John, which, thankfully, wasn’t nearly as much to bear as Pavel’s weight had been. All thoughts of Pavel and the gang and the warehouse and the police faded into the background as Sherlock’s large hands moved to frame John’s face, the young detective’s eyes looking frantic as they darted between the doctor’s, and John felt Sherlock’s breaths breaking on his face in short puffs before, all at once, Sherlock was kissing him.
In response, the girl only nodded, her lips pursed, and continued clacking away at her keyboard, eyes locking back onto the computer monitor in front of her. John took that as a dismissal and nodded to himself as he made his way back into his humble office space, leaving the door slightly ajar behind him.
“I could use the toilet,” she murmured by way of a farewell, and gave Sherlock and John a wave before hurrying after the other two girls, leaving the boys alone.
John spent the rest of the ride back to his flat thinking over the strange encounter with the man who was inexplicably concerned with Sherlock, while pretending not to be pleased that the impromptu meeting had taken long enough that the rain was finally starting to lighten up.
Sherlock nodded. “I’ll text you an address, actually. And a time. Keep your mobile close by, and be sure to charge it before you leave.” The young detective stood somewhat awkwardly for a beat, before he averted his gaze. “Right. Then I suppose I’ll see you tonight.”
“Nice to meet you, Irene, Sherlock,” he said, and Sherlock wasn’t sure that his name had ever sounded so nice on another person’s lips.
“So you’ve mentioned,” Sherlock murmured, but he didn’t look terribly pleased. “Not clever enough to have saved an innocent man from being killed by the very men he hired for protection. After he hired
” His head tipped back to clunk against the plaster wall behind him and he let out a pathetic whimper.
Hello, all. It's been an absurdly long time. Please accept my heartfelt apologies for this insane delay; life is a hell of a thing. So is university. Thank you all so much for your endless patience and understanding. <3
Their breath mingled in the scant space between their faces, and Sherlock caught traces of wheat and barley with an underlying tone of leathery cologne in the air they shared. John’s forehead brushed against his again and Sherlock opened his eyes -
At this, Sherlock’s eyes flashed with something akin to excitement, before they narrowed, and suddenly John felt nearly overwhelmed with being the subject of such an intensely concentrated stare. The corner of Sherlock’s lips twitched up in an almost dark smirk, and John felt his stomach drop a touch. “I know that you’re a former member of the Royal Army Medical Corps, recently invalidated home from Afghanistan due to a bullet wound in the shoulder. Your wound left you with PTSD and an intermittent tremor, deeming you unfit for duty and unable to continue on your original career path as a surgeon, or you wouldn’t be here with your own practise. No one could survive in London on an army pension alone, you’re not wealthy, but you needed some source of income, so you’re here. But you don’t love it here – why don’t you go to your family for help until you’re back on your feet? You don’t have family around here – at least not a supportive family – you do have a brother who cares about you, but you won’t go to him for help… possibly because of his excessive alcohol abuse, but more likely because he’s recently left his wife. And I know you’ve got a therapist,” he tacked on, the final comment nearly offhanded.
“You didn’t,” Sherlock confirmed, “but it would appear your case and my case have crossed paths. I was employed privately by Mr. Blessington,” he explained before Lestrade had the chance to question him.
“Pretty sure I’m supposed to be helping you kick your cocaine habit. Though there was something about a stakeout that I had agreed to, there was nothing to do with hangings.”
John whinged, inadvertently squirming where he sat in his chair, eyes screwed tightly shut and nose wrinkled with distaste, face turned up towards the ceiling.
“That’s the work of Dr. Morstan,” John admitted with a laugh, stepping to the side to let Mary step up next to him, and Greg’s eyes snapped to her.
Sherlock just huffed again and crossed his thin arms over his chest, and appeared to try and lean even further back into the wall his back was against. John likened him to a stroppy teenager who’d had his mobile privileges revoked.
Sherlock tipped his head. “Potentially two of the members are out of the country. But there’s been another robbery; one that sent nearly half the bloody police force - you saw how many officers were rushing down the hall. Likely a rather significant heist. Pavel and Matvei weren’t the only members of the gang, that much is certain. So even if Pavel and Matvei
The remainder of his trek home was uneventful, but John was thankful for it. Overhead, the normally overcast London skies were extraordinarily clear, the scattered and wispy stratus clouds that graced the sky tinged pink and orange by the setting sun. The tranquil scene was greatly juxtaposed to his bleak mood, and any other day, John would be thrilled to elongate his stroll just to enjoy the nice weather. At present, though, he really just wanted to get inside and settle down for the evening. He was tired, and no amount of abnormally good weather was going to change that fact.
“Good, thank you.” His pale fingers grasped his toothbrush, a pair of pants, and a pair of socks before finding a soft, byzantine blue tee-shirt with a subtle vee-neck, and the pair of jeans. He was pleased to find that they were dark and rather slim through the legs. They weren’t his dress trousers, but they were suitable. Upon standing, he turned and made a bee-line for the bathroom, calling “get dressed” over his shoulder as an afterthought, and was just crossing the threshold into the bathroom when a meek-sounding voice emanating from the bed stopped him.
- before sitting up in the bed, thumbs flying over the keys as he shared his location with the Detective Inspector. “Good,” he said offhandedly, and then pushed at the duvet to receive a displeased noise from John at the sudden exposure to the open air. “Get up,” Sherlock demanded, turning to push gently at John’s shoulder, “we’re going to have company. I need to shower- may I use your soap?”
“L’était une p’tit’ poule noir, qu’allait pondre dans l’armoire… Pondait un p’tit’ coco, que l’enfant mangeait tout chaud.” He smiles; it’s working. Rosie’s wails have finally, miraculously subsided, and are replaced with noisy sniffles, and while she continues to gasp for breath, her damp eyes are surveying Sherlock - he can see the curiosity swimming in their deep blue. It’s the same look John often gives him, but in miniature. Sherlock’s smile turns fond. “Français,” he croons, “your father enjoys it when I speak French, too. Of course. French.” He thinks it might not be the French, but the exhaustion finally kicking in - until Rosie apparently notices he’s switched back to English and stopped singing, and she starts whimpering.
He saw a man who drank a cuppa with the morning paper at his kitchen table, with a loaded firearm tucked away in his pants drawer across the flat. He saw a man who left the security of home to go and shoot at strange men in a desert. He saw a man who held lives in his hands; both as a doctor wielding sterilised instruments of stainless steel, and as a soldier with a trigger-finger, wielding a gun in a practised grip.
The evening in this part of London didn’t bring with it the bustling night-life that many might associate with the city; it wasn’t Soho, after all. But there were still people out and about; a young couple on their way back from dinner or a concert, the young woman hanging off the man’s arm and laughing softly at something he had said; a woman with earbuds in, her nose buried in her mobile, the sharp ‘clack’ of her heels against the pavement loudly announcing her approach and retreat; two men walking hand in hand and speaking in casually hushed tones; a middle-aged man and woman walking and smiling, a small child sat atop the man’s shoulders. Cars and cabs went by on the street to John’s left, and of the buildings on his right, few appeared open, but some had lights on and people inside, sitting down for a nice dinner at an elaborate eatery, or grabbing a coffee at a cafe that catered to students’ tendencies to be out and about at late hours.
Huge thanks once again (I'm doing a lot of thanking, just bear with me) to everyone whose given this fic a read. Thank you thank you thank you. I hope to see you back for future updates. <3
Sherlock floundered as he tried to come up with an answer to a seemingly simple question. “I- you- th- there’s only one bed,” he managed finally, because that was the most obvious problem, and he looked between said bed and its owner, who shrugged.
Sherlock heaved a sigh and stuffed his hands in his pockets. “Alright. I’ll get you suspects, then. I’ll get you concrete evidence,” he said, voice tight with frustration.
“Fantastic!” John exclaimed on a breath, and Sherlock turned towards him, almost looming over him, just a bit too close.
“Walk-in?” John inquired, his exhaustion audible in his voice and visible in the small smile he offered her.
“I did just fine at the desk last night. And I’ve slept on far worse than a hardwood floor; I think I can handle sleeping rough for a night or two more."
This chapter was necessary to address the budding chemistry between our boys. ACTION will be coming up very, VERY soon, so stay tuned for the next chapter.
“Yeah, but- oh, whatever.” Greg relented with a sigh and turned his attention back to Irene. “Glad you could both make it,” he said, and then turned to Molly. “I’ve got to go check and make sure the bathrooms are stocked with toilet paper. Be back soon,” he promised, and planted a quick kiss to one rosy cheek before giving a final wave of farewell and scampering off.
John just waved a hand in the air and shook his head as he pushed away from the counter. “No, it’s not a problem; I’m thankful for the day off work, and I’m even more thankful for knowing that you’re alive and in good hands.”
, for Christ's sake), he would have wanted a candle-lit dinner and a heartfelt proclamation and two glasses of wine; not this. Not this; a crash-course on the sympathetic nervous system, too calculating and too convoluted and just wrong, wrong, it was all
he wants me to have a look,” Sherlock rejoined, feigning surprise with no small amount of sarcasm that had the corner of John’s lips quirking upward without permission.
Pavel huffed a laugh. “Well, he’s shared our location. This Gregory Lestrade of New Scotland Yard… he said he’ll be here in about five minutes." He feigned a look of distress in the direction of the other men in the room before he gave an oily grin and tossed Sherlock's mobile away to clatter noisily against the concrete floor. "Too bad we’ll be gone,” he said, and the men laughed darkly.
“John,” the young man greeted, looking absolutely haunting where he stood, cloaked in black, against the off-white brick wall of a closed sweets shop. “Do you always arrive to meetings early?” he quipped with a small smile, a burning cigarette held aloft in one pale hand.
“Ugh- for fuck’s sake,” John mumbled, words as heavy-laden with sleep as the arm draped solidly over Sherlock’s side.
When he opened his eyes again, he found John looking at him as though he’d grown a second set of arms. The man was thoroughly discombobulated and thrown off-course by the directness with which Sherlock had addressed the situation and identified his own symptoms. This was probably getting a little too laborious, Sherlock thought, but they were too far into it now to back out of the conversation.
Sherlock gave a low hum, rifling through the facts in his mind and tilting his head as he gazed out of the front window. “Blessington’s real name was Sutton. For whatever reason, sometime before 1988, he turned informant and turned in his fellow gang members. Perhaps he was looking for a way out, perhaps he got caught out and bargained with law enforcement… there’s nothing in police records that explains why he came forward, and of course, we can’t ask him,” he said, “but regardless, he turned in Tobin Cartwright, who was the ringleader of the lot at the time. He was committed, naturally, but died in prison shortly thereafter due to
be doing tonight than spending a few hours at the station,” he said, allusion heavy in his words and in the brief smirk he threw them.
“Astute observation,” the younger man drawled dryly. “It pays to be acquainted with people from all walks of life. Most people walk by the less fortunate every day without sparing them a second glance, let alone a bit of cash. It’s amazing what people with nothing will do for even meager compensation.”
The men fall into companionable silence for a long couple of moments before Sherlock lets out a breath. “I suppose I should-”
clothes tucked away in his armoire, which stood out from the wall near the foot of the bed. He pulled open the closet doors to find a neat row of sleek blazers ranging in colour from black, to navy, to varying shades of grey. Beside them were hung several primly-pressed dress shirts, in an array of colours, and John didn’t have to look at the tag in the back of the crisp collars to know that they were designer, and likely cost more than his rent. A row of trousers to match the blazers came after that, and while John could guess at just how fond Sherlock was of his custom-tailored suits, he figured the man wouldn’t fancy them for lounging in.
“Where we’re headed; Battersea Park. They’re... stationed in Battersea Park?” John asked incredulously, nose scrunching adorably to display the doctor's lack of comprehension.
“Seven Montague Street,” he told the cab driver, who nodded and pulled away from the kerb the moment John shut the door.
“No,” Sherlock said, “I have no interest in seeking assistance from a rehabilitation centre, or from anyone affiliated with such a place.”
“Third Suicide Victim Supports Serial Suicide Theory,” John said, brows furrowing as he read the headline underneath Sherlock’s pointing finger, a short article lining the side of the front page. He looked up. “There’s been a third?”
But as he witnesses the shift in Rosie’s features, watches the devastated lines in her brow smooth out, and hears the slight quieting of her cries, he seriously considers stopping by the nearest chemist to pick up a bottle of cough medicine and a rosary. He doesn’t even let himself wonder if chemists have religious items in-stock. Instead, he continues singing.
“You’re looking a bit flushed.” John’s observation brought the detective out of his reverie, and he fought the urge to blush deeper at being found out. At least, he thought, he could blame the heat in his cheeks on his malady, for now.
Sherlock gave a soft ‘humph’ of a sound and turned back towards the table to bury his head in his arms defiantly, if only to hide his reddened cheeks from the infuriatingly genuine and caring man who seemed to be the cause of the inflammation. He was met with a soft chuckle a moment before he felt John’s hand came to rest on his shoulder in a gentle, comforting grip that lasted a second too long before the hand slid away.
“I learned from the best,” he said with a quiet smile, before turning and stripping off his briefs (which John admired in the reflection of the mirror over the sink with a private grin), before reaching into the shower to turn on the tap. “Besides, you have a therapist anyway,” he quipped before stepping into the shower and tugging the curtain closed, leaving John unable to argue and instead chuckling to himself as he turned on the sink.
Sherlock felt it too. They were both in the same boat in those violently thrashing waters… except, no, the waters weren’t so violent when he and Sherlock were sharing the ship. No; in fact, the waters were clear. Still. Blue, and deep as the depths of John’s
“Huh?” John looked up, grabbing his shoe from where it’d been set neatly next to its twin on the floor. “The… those two suicides that had the same
“Yeah,” Greg continued. “I just hope he-- where’d he go?” he asked, looking behind John with a frown.
) fabric over the tip of his nose. “Anything less than pashmina has me breaking out in hives.” He shivered, presumably at some distant, unpleasant memory.
I hope you all had a great week (Happy Thanksgiving to my American friends), and I hope you've had a fantastic start to your weekend! Now go, read, and enjoy!
“Who bit who?” John asked, looking off at the staircase with a grin, catching a glimpse of the three girls travelling up it.
By the time he caught up to both Sherlock and Greg, the detective was standing at the boot of a car parked in the small lot beside the building while Lestrade was instructing another officer to jemmy the lock on the driver’s side so they could open the boot.
He’d never fallen so hard and so fast before. He was hopeless, forever lost in the tumultuous sea of his unfathomable adoration with only this man, this incredible,
The detective pursed his lips as he silently contemplated for a long moment before, resignedly, coming to what seemed to him to be the best conclusion. Because of course; of
He came to a stop in front of the nameless man leaning on his brolly; an irritated John Watson would have pinned the bloke a chav, but in actuality the man was nicely put-together, in a clearly designer, probably bespoke, pinstripe, brown suit with the chain of a pocket-watch visible hanging out of one pocket. The gleam of a gold ring on his left hand drew John’s attention as the man shifted where he stood. His brown hair was trimmed short enough to make the man look older than he likely was, and John could see the through the blasé expression on the man’s face, to the keen and sharp grey eyes that studied him in an eerily familiar way.
“You’re really that wound up?” the blond asked with a small smile when Sherlock finished pouring and lifted the cup to his lips for a drink. His nose wrinkled; this cup was much more potent than the last.
“She… plays for her own team, I believe is the phrase,” he said with a tilt of his head, and John nodded in understanding with a hum.
The corner of Sherlock’s lips quirked upwards in a grin. “Mm. Well, we’ve met properly now.” He couldn’t tell if the heat in his cheeks was from the vodka-heavy cocktail working its way through his system, or if it was from the heat John seemed to fuel in his chest and stomach. More than likely, it was a combination of both factors. Sherlock found he didn’t entirely mind. And it was because he didn’t entirely mind that he turned to the counter and helped himself to another cup of vodka-dominant vodka cranberry, and he caught John out of the corner of his eyes watching him raptly.
Once the door was shut, Sherlock divested himself of his borrowed clothes and set them by the sink before turning on the shower tap. He made quick work of showering, pointedly
“... The five minutes were up,” he said quietly, still sounding a bit dazed. “Um… I’m sorry. He just… left,” he tried explaining, but it sounded pathetic even to his own ears.
“I fell asleep,” John said as he brought both of his hands up to scrub slowly over his face, an observation made in a tone that suggested the ex-soldier could hardly believe it himself.
John obeyed with a nod, grabbing the other bottle of soap from the shelf and getting a small palmful of conditioner to quickly scrub through his hair. He tipped his head back and closed his eyes tightly as he stepped under the spray, fingers still working through his short locks, and he smiled as he felt Sherlock running the luffa over the backs of his shoulders, taking care when brushing over his entry wound scar, and down his back. His smile broadened momentarily when Sherlock’s hands appreciatively lingered on his arse, and he giggled at a squeeze, nearly getting water up his nose in the process as he shuffled forward to escape the long-fingered, grabby hands.
John’s lips pressed together in a tight line as he frowned mildly at the main doorway. “I’m not entirely sure,” he murmured, and stared at the door a few moments longer before shaking his head and sighing, bringing himself out of his reverie. “But they’re gone. And you’re right, office hours are nearly over… You can pack up and leave early, if you want,” he said, giving her a smile.
“So P-P is Peace Pagoda,” John continued beside him, looking up at the statue which glinted in the light of the setting sun, “but what’s the rest of it? D?” he questioned, looking at Sherlock expectantly.
John’s breath halted in his throat as he looked at Pavel, who had one bloodied hand fisted in Sherlock’s curls to hold the man steady, the other red-coated hand wielding John’s gun. “Sherlock,” John croaked as he carefully stood on uneasy legs, and the younger man merely swallowed, eyes darting to the side to where the gun was pressed to his yielding flesh.
“I’ve a contact,” he explained. “In the days leading up to my imprisonment at your flat-” he ignored the frown that was cast his way “-I was doing some
“The mesolimbic dopamine system, yes,” Sherlock drawled with an eye-roll that rivaled the rudest of young, spoilt teenagers. “Obviously. Are you going to carry on about synapses and neurons and dopamine receptors? I didn’t know I was coming to
“Good,” Sherlock whispered, and let out a breath as he settled further into the mattress. “Go to sleep.”
Upon exiting the lift, Lestrade wordlessly led them down the hall and into a room. In the room sat a man at a computer, the blurry, low-quality footage of a security feed flickering across the monitor. The man turned around when Lestrade came in, and offered a weak smile. “Hey, Greg. I’ve got your perps,” he said, sliding the chair away from the computer and freezing the image on the screen.
John Watson, who currently wore a concentrated furrow in his brow as he scrubbed vigorously at the spoon Sherlock had coated in honey and yoghurt not half an hour ago.
“That was… amazing,” John said again, sounding breathless himself. A grin stretched his lips. “Absolutely astounding,” he reiterated, smiling at Sherlock like he was a
A short while later found John handing a mug of steaming tea to Sherlock before the doctor took his place in what had become his designated armchair. Sherlock was engrossed in his phone, and so John took the newspaper off of the table next to his chair and set it on his lap to peruse the latest news, skimming over the ‘serial suicide’ article briefly before turning the paper over to read about other things.
The magazines he used held ten bullets; prior to meeting Sherlock, after he’d been discharged from service and from hospital, John had (reluctantly) visited his sister in the country and had spent five of them in her backyard, taking his frustrations out on some emptied beer bottles, watching them shatter with a twisted sense of satisfaction. One more had been spent when, on a dismal night, he’d taken a trip to a dark part of town, silencer at the ready, his head full of intent. But what had originally started as a literal suicide mission had ended with him putting a bullet in the Earth and spending half an hour shaking with silent sobs on a park bench at two a.m.
“Oh, by all means, do as he says, help yourself,” Greg said with resignation. “Hurry up, the both of you.
“Then we can find a different flat. I’ve had my eye on one downtown. Nice little place, and the landlady likes me. Offered me a discounted price.” The nonchalance with which he rattled off these facts as if they
“Sherlock,” John summoned trepidatiously; the man looked so fragile, so shaken, and he didn’t want to startle him further. Hearing his name seemed to bring Sherlock back to himself, and John watched as the man sucked in a breath and looked between Pavel and the gun in his hands, before letting it fall, sending it clattering to the floor, leaving his pale fingers empty and shaking. His eyes moved to John, and his shoulders sagged.
In answer, Sherlock just grinned, and the pair of them stayed silent as they followed Lestrade into a lift that took them up to the fifth floor.
The two men looked at each other, Sherlock’s face a careful visage of insouciance while John’s radiated with unbridled relief and satisfaction, the smile on his face bordering on a sort of fond that made something under Sherlock’s skin prickle in a way that wasn’t unpleasant at all.
And what he felt was intense. He was hesitant to put a proper name to it, for fear he would mislabel it and call it something too big too soon; and he wasn’t sure who he was more in danger of spooking with that sort of declaration; Sherlock, or himself.
have to- wha-!” His breath was knocked from him as a hand roughly grasped the back of the collar of his jacket and tugged with a surprising amount of force. John wasn’t given time to regain his bearings before he was plunged into darkness. The slam of the door he’d been pulled through was followed by the gentle click of the lock, and then a squeal of tires and the crunch of gravel on the other side of it.
“Thank you,” the brunette said quietly, and, seemingly as an afterthought, brought his own pale hand up to wrap his spindly fingers around John’s wrist to give an affectionate squeeze before quickly retreating, leaving John’s skin tingling in its absence.
,” he listed with blatant almost-disgust, and John’s jaw set defensively. “I expect we’ll be getting a
“John?” she asked politely in a quiet voice before pushing the door open slightly. She gave him a light, apologetic smile and a subtle nod to let him know his services were indeed required, and he nodded back as he stood up straight and came to the door, following the young girl out and in the direction of the desk.
The doctor set his jaw and clenched his teeth together, a huff of breath leaving him agitatedly as he frowned heavily against his own frustration; a frustration that he recognised all too well as the sort that stemmed from internal conflict. And John knew himself well enough to know just what was causing him his anguish.
They fall silent. John’s breath evens out, and Sherlock is almost certain the man is asleep - except that, all of a sudden, the man’s legs shift to tangle with his own, and Sherlock swears he can feel the barest brush of a kiss against the bare skin of his neck. He smiles; he doesn’t really know what any of this means. Their arms are wrapped around each other, their legs a hopeless tangle between them, and John has just kissed him…
And with that, Sherlock gave a tight-lipped smile and a sharp nod, before turning and making his way down the walkway, and John looked on just long enough to see the man turn his collar up against the chill in the air.
short skirt of the same white material with a bold red stripe going down the sides, a pair of black fishnet stockings that came up to cover her thighs, and a pair of strappy, red pumps to match her nails and lips.
They reached the main road without incident and Sherlock utilised what John was irrevocably convinced were dark magic powers to hail a taxi almost immediately after they approached the kerb. Both men fell into comfortable, exhausted silence in the back seat of the cab, and sometime during the ride, Sherlock’s hand had found its way to John’s thigh just above his knee - an intimate touch, but lacking heat; it was more of a reaffirming gesture, and John indulged it happily by covering Sherlock’s larger hand with his own. And a few long moments later when Sherlock’s hand adjusted so that John’s fingers slipped between the gaps of the younger man’s thinner ones, John didn’t even try to hide his smile as he gazed out the window.
“I suppose not,” John hummed, and then looked curiously at the small bit of paper in Sherlock’s hands. “What’s that, then?”
couple, darling,” she teased, and Sherlock grimaced, but didn’t get the chance to retort as another voice broke through the noise.
The past couple of days had been eventful in that regard, though John had resolutely attributed the overabundance of physical contact between them to the fact that Sherlock was ill and in need of comfort. Whether it was because of guilt, or some desperate attempt to retain a facade of professionalism, John had done his best to abstain from any thoughts that could be considered even mildly inappropriate, given the fact that Sherlock was his patient. And then Sherlock had come out with the bit about
Since the impromptu breakfast with the therapist, Sherlock had excused himself to the bathroom to relieve himself, and had done a full-bodied examination, pouring over every inch of himself to be absolutely sure he hadn’t neglected to recall something crucial; but aside from a fresh pinprick in the crook of his left elbow, he was unscathed. He wondered at how he’d managed to make it from Victor’s drug den to John’s flat alive, let alone unharmed. Regardless, he was satisfied with his self-inspection and decided it best not to count his blessings.
Sherlock just narrowed his eyes at the other man, his cheeks resolutely retaining their uncomfortable warmth.
Halting in the doorway, the detective placed the hand not holding his clothes on the door frame and leaned back out of the door to look at John, who sat up on the bed, the duvet having fallen down to pool loosely about his hips. A look of hopeful surprise and confusion clouded his features, and Sherlock let himself grin. “Of course. I need my soldier with me,” he said, ignoring the heat that crept up his own neck at the statement in favour of savouring the light that blossomed in John’s eyes. “After all, could be dangerous,” he added, and winked for good measure, before stepping fully into the bathroom; but not before relishing the pleased flush that took over John’s cheeks.
He thought idly that Sherlock would try for a handjob, and he was so busy trying to think of ways he could speed
“Alright,” John amended, “we’ve had tea. Other than that, I’ve known him… about a month. And spent less than a full day in his presence.”
“You too. Have a good night, Doctor,” Greg said with a small wave, before he disappeared around the front of the building.
Sherlock tilted his head towards a green bottle sitting on the little shelf in the corner, and John reached for it as Sherlock moved the luffa over his good shoulder and across his neck. John deposited a bit of pearly fluid in his hand before replacing the bottle, and with a cheeky grin, reached up to rub his hands into Sherlock’s hair. Sherlock chuckled, carefully cleaning around and over the scarred front of John’s shoulder with tender precision.
In retrospect, John probably shouldn’t ever have assumed that a day which began with him waking up in bed next to Sherlock Holmes would be anything at all akin to a normal day. In fact, John reckoned that a life which involved Sherlock Holmes in any capacity was a far cry from normal. Not that he was complaining, per se; he just hadn’t expected to go from cuddling under his duvet to sitting in the back of a police cruiser in a matter of about twenty minutes.
“Um. Should I go back to my flat and get ready?” he asked tentatively, unsure if Sherlock had any other unspoken
Miracles are on the long list of things in which Sherlock chooses not to believe; it sits right between the concept of God, and medicines that claim to be
“How much time have you got left?” John asked, and Sherlock’s brows knitted together as he reached into his pocket with the hand not preoccupied with holding his drink, pulling out his mobile to glance at the time.
Sherlock’s head whirled up to look at him so quickly, John had half a mind to be worried about the possibility of the young man getting vertigo. The look in his eyes certainly appeared dizzy, dazed, and confused as it was. “Sorry?” he asked, sounding nearly incredulous, his brow heavily furrowed.
“Um… I’ll be in touch,” the young man said, his raven curls catching the slight breeze and dancing agitatedly atop his head.
He watched on, helpless, as Sherlock lie prone on the floor, looking up at one of the Russians – whom John recognized as
Mary laughed as John kicked a crushed beer can down the pavement, displaying his footwork. “You should play football,” she said, before bursting into laughter once more when the man nearly tripped over his own feet.
was the cause of the prickling threat of tears behind his eyes, the bile rising in his throat, the tremour that seemed to stem from the marrow in his bones. The all-encompassing dread that he couldn’t help but feel, even though he knew it wasn’t right. He knew he was in his flat in London; but every alarm was an air raid siren. Every sudden bright light was a detonated IED. Someone dropped a heavy book on a table, and to him it was a flashbang.
“Aye, they prolly think you two are in good ol’ Mother Russia,” a third voice supplied, words drawn out and heavy-laden with a severe Cockney accent. “And we dinnit even left a tag on this last one, so they won’t even know it’s us.”
“Hardly,” he tried to joke, but it came out weak, sounding more self-deprecating than lighthearted. Sherlock’s eyes flicked to his, and the emotion in his eyes shifted.
“.... Go and catch some killers?” John supplied, grin broadening as his amusement with Sherlock’s flustered state grew.
In an instant, Sherlock froze, clearly thinking, and then he gasped, clapping his hands together in front of his face with an excited, “Oh!” before he ran outside.
“Making tea,” the doctor said, as if it were obvious - which it ought to have been, Sherlock thought as he moved across the room to grab his shoes where they sat by the door.
There was a long moment that stretched between them where John found himself growing eager with anticipation, like a spring coiling tighter, ready to bounce. Sherlock’s eyes were shining, and his voice was a low rumble that sent John’s stomach plummeting through the floorboards.
“We will,” Sherlock chirped, striding forward, and John followed eagerly. Then, as they passed the DI, Sherlock turned to look at him. “Oh, and you may want to put
“God, you’re hot.” John vocalised his thoughts anyway. And he was glad he did, because Sherlock’s smile broadened where he faced the mirror, eyes rolling as he focused on drying himself.
” John breathed, and laughed as he walked Sherlock out of the doors leading from the lobby to the hallway outside. “Dear Lord. What I wouldn’t give to lead a life like yours.”
“Mm,” John confirmed with a nod, before sighing softly and stepping back, idly reaching up to straighten the lapels of Sherlock’s coat. “We can go check it out later this week. Right now, we need to get to that ambulance, because my nose may be broken, I have a concussion, and I need to get you home before you keel over. As soon as the adrenaline crashes, you’re likely not going to be able to stand,” he said, and thankfully, Sherlock didn’t protest.
“Don’t worry about it. You two, go and see the paramedics. I’ll drop by for both of your statements tomorrow - you both look dead on your feet. Besides, I’m sure there’s plenty you’d
Sherlock nodded. He was happy for her, though he didn’t often let on how much he cared. She was one of his first and only friends, besides Irene and Lestrade, and a damn decent lab partner when he required one. He was glad that she had managed to let go of her unfortunate attraction to himself; that had thrown a wrench in their working together. But he’d be lying if he said he wasn’t glad for her choice in a partner. Lestrade, while infuriatingly dim at times, was a good bloke. Loathe as Sherlock was to admit it. And if anyone even came close to deserving Molly Hooper, he supposed Gregory Lestrade was a decent enough fit.
A knowing grin crosses Sherlock’s face. “Nothing a little drycleaning can’t fix,” he reassures. “This shirt has been through far worse.”
“I’d like to make it at least twenty minutes into the party without blacking out,” he retorted, and tipped his head towards where he knew the kitchen to be; the location was made obvious by the white-yellow light emanating from a place across the room that looked to be the only actual light in the place that was turned on and not filtered through a plastic, coloured lens. “Speaking of; care for a drink?”
“Mm, fair enough,” John mumbled before leaning back. The skin was already starting to change from angry red to purple, and he wasn’t looking forward to the discomfort that would plague him for the next week or so. Heaving a heavy sigh, he watched Sherlock pick up the toothbrush John had retrieved for him from his flat and run it under a cold tap, before turning towards the door. “I’m going to get into bed,” he announced, and glanced back over his shoulder, hearing Sherlock hum around his toothbrush. “Just… join me whenever you’re done,” he added, and Sherlock caught his reflection in the mirror to smile softly at him. John smiled easily back before exiting the room and making a beeline for the bed.
John’s lips stretched into an enamoured and very pleased smile as Sherlock’s cheeks heated, and the doctor took the smallest of steps closer. “I thought we were saving this sort of talk for later,” he said, pitching his voice lower and into an almost-purr, reveling in the heat that visibly crept up Sherlock’s neck.
I'd like to take a moment to thank everyone for the lovely comments on the Note from the Author chapter I posted a couple days ago. In all honesty, this being my very first fic, I never anticipated the following I've somehow accrued. And such devoted followers; you've stuck with this story through thick and thin - the chapters I'm proud of, the ones I'm not-so-proud of, all my stumbles regarding continuity and delays in posting... I can't thank you all enough for just existing, let alone actually reading this and leaving kudos and commenting. You all are what keep me coming back to this work. And I will finish it; not just for myself, but for you guys, because you all deserve so much... this is the least I can do for you.
It wasn’t untrue. John tilted his head and looked down Sherlock’s body, draped in a blue dressing gown, grey pyjama bottoms peeking out from beneath. “What else?” he asked, humouring his detective’s antics.
“No more than you,” the small boy countered, his innocent expression vanishing as a smirk played at his lips.
“So. You’re still seeing each other?” he asked, clearly without thinking, and his eyes widened fractionally. “I mean in therapy. Is he still your patient. That’s what I meant,” he amended.
“Guess I have,” John mumbled, and Sherlock took the opportunity to turn his head once more to glance at the older man. The roses of their cheeks were matching shades of crimson, and Sherlock’s quirky grin prompted a shy counterpart to blossom on John’s face. Something in Sherlock’s chest tightened and relaxed in tandem; he didn’t normally do these things. He had no experience in this. He knew enough to know this wasn’t typical, shedding light on the existence of affections past the platonic realm in a small break room in a police station with someone who used to sort of be your therapist. However, while the setting and timing of it all was rather unorthodox and probably a bit not-ideal for the average person, Sherlock found he didn’t mind in the slightest.
A bored and knowing look overcame the other man’s face. “Unwise to lie here, John,” he said in a warning tone. “While I admire your commitment to the concept of doctor-patient confidentiality, you
After a long few moments, John muttered a curse and shifted in his chair.“Fine. Adrenaline causes your blood vessels to dilate. Is that what you want to hear?” he asked, voice clipped with frustration and confusion.
His smile returned though when he came to stand in front of the two, and he extended his hand to the older man. “Hi,” he said, “I’m John. Are we here for an intake?” His eyes flitted between the man before him, and the youth who stood sulking a few paces away.
“Our location,” the brunette explained. “East Red #2 from left. Blue ladder,” he read, and then hummed in satisfaction as he stuffed the note back into his pocket. “Young Billy has outdone himself.” His pride was evident in his tone and in his smile.
he felt a hitch in the man's pulse before the hand pulled away, much to Sherlock’s dismay; but it was followed by a voice so small Sherlock would have doubted it came from John at all, were the man not directly next to him.
,” the young man started again, “is a Russian cigarette. It’s a specific design called papirosa; it just has a circle tube of thin cardboard at the end instead of a filter, which is usually crushed flat so loose tobacco doesn’t spill through. And those fag ends, are right here, in the ash tray.”
What the kiss lacked in classic Hollywood panache, it more than made up for in other respects; where the colourful bursts of fireworks lighting the early evening sky were notably absent, the feeling of Sherlock’s large hands pressed to his chest was solid and grounding; the soft sound of Sherlock’s surprised intake of breath when their lips met replaced the classic orchestral soundtrack; and while there was no fantastical verbal declaration of long-harboured love, the awe-struck look in Sherlock’s stormy, ocean-grey eyes was unscripted and genuine and
The sounds of footsteps hammering against the concrete floor launched John into action – because he realised that he was absolutely no good to Sherlock if he was caught as well. So he crawled around the flat and dove behind a piece of machinery – something that resembled a plough, the orange paint having long been mostly eroded away and replaced with the titian hue of rust. He scrambled to the opposite side of it, ending up a fair distance away from where he and Sherlock had been hiding, and peeked carefully between the rusted steel parts to see where Sherlock was still making a show of scrambling across the floor.
He wasn’t given time to ruminate on the possibilities, his imagination snuffed by two white lights drawing his focus to the other end of the lot where a car had pulled in off the main road. His eyes narrowed, expecting the vehicle to pull off somewhere; but after a few moments, he realized it was heading straight for him.
“Something’s different this time,” Sherlock mumbled, eyebrows furrowed, seemingly lost to the world. That was, until the sound of footsteps coming quickly up the stairs had him turning around to stare at the door.
“The issue is,” John interjected, “that I-" he paused a moment, and wet his lips. "I have a good feeling of what’s going on. But I need for you to actually say it.”
“You’re thinking… that you had a brilliant time last night,” the man said, taking a step forward and cocking his hip against the bench, resting there with his hands cupping his coffee to his chest.
I'm releasing this information because the final third of this chapter (maybe more) is just sex. I do so hope that no one objects...
Taken aback by the blatant irritation in the detective’s tone, the doctor blinked at Sherlock and then looked cautiously to where his own hands were hovering tentatively over the keyboard of his laptop, his index fingers outstretched from his balled-up hands where they had been searching out and clicking keys individually, one-by-one, as they were found. “I’m… sorry?” he ventured, chancing a glance back across the room to find Sherlock rolling his eyes and huffing to himself. John sighed and pushed his chair away from his desk, abandoning the emails he’d been dutifully composing to patients and colleagues in favour of hopefully placating his guest. “Look,” he addressed, “I know you’re getting pissy because your withdrawal symptoms are starting to catch up to you, so I’m going to try not to take anything you say too personally.”
“You’re sure you’re not psychic?” The question was followed by the sound of wood sliding against wood as the drawer to the bedside table was pulled open, and Sherlock listened with intent as John habitually clicked the safety off and back on, checked the chamber, turned the gun over in his grip, and then a sigh mingling with a rustle of fabric signified the man tucking the firearm into its designated place nestled against the small of his back.
“I’m fine,” he assured, even as John’s hand bridged the gap between them to push the brunette’s inky curls off of his forehead, and replace them with his fingers, which were blissfully cool against what felt to Sherlock like blistering skin above his brow. Despite himself, he let out a sound dangerously close to a whimper at the touch, and, consequently, nearly spilled his water. The subtle taste of copper filled his mouth as his adrenaline spiked, and he could feel his own heartbeat tapping out a frantic, staccato rhythm against the inside of his ribcage. His mind raced as he attempted to identify the various callouses on John’s fingers against his forehead, and he imagined he could just make out the intricate, labyrinthine patterns of the individual ridges that made up his fingerprints. The intimacy of the thought sent his head spinning in a whole different way; and so lost he’d become in his musings, he missed the words which passed in a murmur from between John’s lips.
“Oh, just pitch it,” he said, nodding to the dumpster in the lot by the car. “It’s contaminated. No worries, just get rid of it.”
The soft sounds of crickets in the park and the light babbling of the effervescent river behind them and the distant chime of a bell on a bike took the place of the symphony orchestra, but these sounds were no match for the thunderous pounding of Sherlock’s heart in his own ears combined with the soft breaths that left John’s mouth when they separated, their faces scant inches apart, John’s hands still fisted in Sherlock’s coat while Sherlock’s were still pressed against the fabric of the jacket covering John’s chest.
,” he continued, punctuating each noun with a movement of his hand, opening the bottom drawer and grabbing at a pair of grey lounge trousers inside. His hands fisted the drawer to randomly grab at a few soft-looking tee-shirts and another pair of trousers, and he tossed them haphazardly onto the bed to join the other clothes. Satisfied he’d gathered enough for a couple days, John slammed the drawer and grabbed a small duffel bag that was sticking out from under the bed, and began shoving Sherlock’s belongings inside. What he assumed to be the charger for Sherlock’s mobile was on the small table beside the bed, and he swiped it off the surface and into the duffel. As an afterthought, he made a quick trip to the bathroom to grab a toothbrush he found next to the sink, as well as a razor, before returning to the bedroom.
Sherlock doesn’t know how she’s been able to keep this up for so long. He’s exhausted just from having listened to her for the past two-and-a-half hours. The last time he’d cried even half as hard as this had been in his flat after his and John’s physical altercation in that morgue when he’d been high out of his mind and beaten to a (quite literally) bloody pulp. And after that, his diaphragm and the muscles in his abdomen had been sore for at least a day afterwards; and it hadn’t been from the beating. How do children withstand their own tantrums?
Ten minutes later, the pair of them exited Irene’s flat, Irene strutting triumphantly down the pavement with Sherlock trailing along beside her, his arm locked hopelessly in hers, his other hand at his mouth as he picked at and grumbled about his new fangs.
“I think you’re lucky the sleeves aren’t puffy and the skirt isn’t one of those mid-Victorian bustle skirts or I wouldn’t be going with you.”
“Vacant,” he whispered, and John nodded, watching as the detective made a bee-line for the door which stood a few metres away. Predictably, when the brunette tried the doorknob, he was met with resistance. John expected the slight frown that adorned the man’s face, but he was caught off-guard when Sherlock dropped elegantly to his knees in front of the door, one hand producing something wrapped in dark fabric seemingly out of thin air.
John’s head tilted in a way that made something in Sherlock’s chest ache with fondness. “What for?” the man asked, and he sounded genuinely perplexed, as though the apology was entirely unfounded and unnecessary.
John sighed indulgently, blinking his eyes open blearily to look at an unfamiliar ceiling with a small smile. His head was mildly aching, an unfortunate side-effect of enjoying five glasses of rich, red wine over dinner, and his muscles protested John’s mere existence; an unfortunate side-effect of a passionate night of lovemaking. John found he didn’t mind in the slightest.
“Oh, you’re too sweet,” the woman replied, her lilting voice singing on a wisp of light laughter as she took her leave, exiting through the door John had moved to open for her. “Same time next week?” she inquired with a look over her shoulder.
John laughed softly as she strode to the mirror once more to place it delicately atop her head; they had been friends for ages, meeting in secondary and hitting it off straight away. Sixth-form was when they’d decided to try for a relationship, but by the time they’d moved on to university they realised they were better suited as friends. John was fortunate enough to still have her as a friend, because they were a perfect fit in that regard. They’d dated, they’d been intimate, and they were both thankfully able to move past it. He thought of it more as a learning experience rather than a mistake; and Mary, brilliant as she was, thought the same.
“Jesus Christ- fine. Fine. I’ll-” the DI stopped speaking abruptly as he became aware of John’s presence. After a moment where he appeared to be placing where exactly he knew John from, he perked up. “Dr. Watson!”
It wasn’t uncommon for John to wake up in the middle of the night in a cold sweat. The doctor would be lucky to go two nights in a row without incident; it seemed to happen nearly every night of the week.
“I’ve made you uncomfortable,” the doctor answered, and opened his mouth to speak further, but Sherlock wouldn’t have it.
as his breath was knocked out of him, and his gun was sent skidding across the floor. When he looked back up to see Kent running as fast as he could with his mild limp towards the door, followed by Bids clutching his bloodied arm - Harlow had presumably already made a run for it - he let himself smile triumphantly, dazedly, and tiredly.
man acting as his anchor. He would have been terrified, if it weren’t for the fact that he was absolutely
As soon as the men were through the door, the warehouse fell quiet, save for the sounds of the sirens drawing ever nearer and John's own rapid breathing, and the doctor glanced at where Matvei’s body lay in a crumpled, bloody heap on the floor. Pavel must have made a break for it early on, he surmised, and sighed as he slowly pushed himself to his feet. He heaved a breath, and his eyes moved to the wooden stack of flats he knew Sherlock to be behind. With a smile, he called out.
The face Sherlock made gave the impression that he didn’t necessarily agree. “I wish to continue my work with New Scotland Yard. Lestrade is being annoyingly pompous and dogmatic with his preaching sobriety, and is threatening to cut me off. I don’t want to get clean. But drugs are interfering with my work. And my work is paramount.”
Anderson’s and Sally’s faces were both comically stricken, Sally’s gone a bit pale, though she still had it in her to look defiant, and Anderson’s face rather mortified before he schooled his expression. “Now, listen,” he said hurriedly, waggling his finger at Sherlock, “whatever you’re trying to
you,” Kent shouted, charging forward with as much conviction as he could with the subtle limp that was taking over his stride. As the man raised his gun and John raised his own, though, a shout from off to the side drew their attention.
“Oh, she did.” Sherlock smiles. “She takes after you. Except nothing that placates you works with her when she’s angry. Except French.”
“No,” Sherlock responded, brows furrowing just slightly. “You just look… exhausted. Uneasy. You’ve had far too much coffee today, you had to use your cane to get to work, and you were shaking this morning; you nicked yourself with your razor,” he said, one long-fingered, pale hand coming up to ghost his fingertips over a spot on his own cleanly-shaven jaw.
“Alright,” Sherlock said, and then, apparently sensing an end to the appointment, rose from his seat. “I best be off,” he explained without prompting. “I’ve an interview to attend in an hour.”
Once in the bathroom, Sherlock quickly shed his jeans, kicking them off to land in the corner of the room, and John, growing more comfortable in the proceedings, began unfastening his own; but he stopped when he looked up and happened to find Sherlock staring at him.
“I’ll have a pack of L&Bs, please,” he said, and gave a small nod of thanks to the girl when she rung them up and handed them over. He put them in his pocket alongside the pack he’d taken from Sherlock’s flat, and hoped that this pack, along with Sherlock’s partial one, would suffice. His purchases were scanned and bagged in short order, and he paid with his card, trying not to wince at the inevitable blow to his bank account, and gave the cashier a polite smile while he gathered his bags and saw himself out.
“But I would prefer, for reasons I’m sure are quite obvious, that my concern go unmentioned. Sherlock and I have… a difficult relationship,” the man with the umbrella finished with a sigh.
Thanks so much for reading! I LIVE for writing this for you guys. Thank you so incredibly much for existing. <3
John, for his part, pouted and slumped in his seat, afraid to let his chin drop from its elevated position, lest he disturb what little substance had been smeared on his neck. “Alright, fine,” he reluctantly acquiesced, and focused his eyes on a paint chip on the wall of Mary’s dorm room above her vanity as she grinned triumphantly, leaned forward, and slathered another spoonful of liquid latex across John’s trachea.
All of the instances, when isolated, could be dismissed easily; a brush of fingers here, a shared look there. Mere happenstance. But when John stood back and looked at the big picture, he could hardly believe he’d ever had a doubt in the first place.
John had known from very early on that Sherlock was physically and mentally attractive. However, there was a difference between finding someone aesthetically pleasing and intellectually stimulating, and
After taking a moment to think, Sherlock hummed again. “Jaffa Cakes?” he inquired, and John’s chest swelled impossibly with fondness, because a grown man, ruffled with fatigue and pink with mild fever, was sat on his bed requesting chocolate-covered biscuits.
Another minute of self-soothing went by before John concluded he may as well get up; the luminous, viridescent, digital numbers on his alarm clock flickered tauntingly at him, reading 04:27. Not much point in trying to sleep for a measly two hours longer. So he pushed his sheets aside, sweat-damp skin breaking out in gooseflesh when exposed to the tepid air of the room as he swung his legs over the side of his bed. His teeth bared against the violent surge of pain that shot up his right leg when he tried putting weight on it. Cursing silently under his breath, the doctor reached, resignedly, for the cane he kept tucked between his bed and his nightstand for situations such as this, and pushed himself off of the bed, gingerly adjusting his weight on his feet and leaning heavily on the cane for support.
John followed eagerly, close to Sherlock’s side as the taller man led them both down the pavement, under a bridge, and then, suddenly, off to the right and over the railing at the edge of the sidewalk. The blond took a moment to envy Sherlock’s long legs, allowing the man to do little more than step over the railing, while John had to brace one hand on the metal bar and hop over it as gracefully as he could – but not before looking anxiously over his shoulder to be sure no one was watching them scurry off the paved path.
There it was. Sherlock took a deep breath and turned to lean his back against the counter, and he scanned the crowd who stood, unaware of his wandering eyes, mere metres away. His iridescent gaze fell upon a young woman in a short, tightly-fit dress that was white across her chest, orange over her midsection, and yellow at the short skirt. Her black hair was short and styled, shaved on one side, and she stood shifting her weight between her feet which were clad in strappy, black heels. Over her right shoulder was a small, white purse. In her left hand was a red cup, which she steadily sipped from with rose-red lips.
Thank you so much again for clicking your way here. I hope you all had a FABULOUS Halloween. I spent mine writing Johnlock smut, so I know I enjoyed mine.
It was at this point in his inspection of the other that John decided to glance to the side, and as their eyes met, John’s lips curled in a sweet smile. Sherlock returned it without expressly giving himself permission to.
Sharp verdigris eyes locked with John’s at the end of the narrative, and Sherlock’s body appeared stiff, anxiously awaiting a response from the doctor. For John’s part, all he could do was stare for a few long moments, before puffing out an almost startled breath of laughter, and he shook his head as a smile formed on his face. “There you go again,” he marveled.
“What?” John tore his eyes from the river to look up at Sherlock. “Oh. Yeah. What was it- P-P-D… 15?”
He let his head fall to the side to glance at the digital clock that sat atop the bedside table. 08:42. He had to be to work in just over an hour, but that wasn’t what had him staring, wide-eyed, at the small table. The sight of a bottle of water and two small tablets of what John could only assume was paracetamol, had warmth blossoming in his chest. He found himself smiling as he pushed to sit up, reaching over to gingerly pick up the pills and water. As he unscrewed the cap of the bottle, he took a moment to glance around the room; the curtains that hung over the windows were sheer and white, and parted just enough to let the rays of the sunrise gleam through, illuminating the better part of the room, which was, to John’s surprise, nothing short of immaculate. The furnishings were bare; a large wardrobe with a full-length mirror on the front against one wall; a single bookshelf against another; a handful of framed documents hanging on the walls, including a periodic table, what looked like an old, handwritten manuscript, and a parchment with Japanese characters that John could make out; a dresser on John’s side of the bed (how much clothing storage does one man need?) upon which sat a small mirror, a framed photo of the Paris skyline, and something else John couldn’t quite see.
All at once, he was panicking. Too much; an onslaught of sensation, being weighed down by a heavy, rain-soaked coat, rainwater bogging down his shoes (how long had he been outside?), his hair hanging in soaked tendrils over his eyes, blocking out his peripherals and narrowing his vision, like a scared horse with blinders, the sound of the rain and the thunder transforming into a million pounding, unseen hooves. He flailed as he stumbled to the end of the street, breathing rapidly and trembling with adrenaline, cold, and fear. He didn’t even look before crossing the road, and the sounds of car horns startled him enough that he nearly fell over, but instead he managed to only tumble into the side of a building on the other side of the street before blindly making his way down the walkway. He didn’t know where he was, only that he was nowhere near his flat on Montague Street. He didn’t know where he was going, only that he knew what was waiting there. After hours (days? Minutes?) of walking, a sudden turn had him tripping over his feet, which felt far too large, up a short set of stairs, which then sent him crashing through an unfamiliar door.
“Uh, yeah, I guess,” the older man said, something of an Estuary accent coming through his mumbled words as he raised his own right hand to clasp John’s in a firm shake. “Well, I mean, I’m here for this one,” he said, tossing his head lightly in the direction of the young, curly-haired bloke, who scoffed and rolled his eyes dramatically in response.
Sherlock let out an even breath and gave a slight nod, not quite knowing why he’d expected anything different. “I understand completely. Had I been even half lucid last night, I would have disposed of what I had left myself before coming here. Even I know bringing illegal substances into someone else’s home is frowned upon. And I wouldn’t want to get you into trouble,” he said, looking back up at John. “That being said, this does mean that I’ll be out of your hair sooner.”
Affecting a sour face at the shortening of his name, Sherlock huffed. “I’m not deigning that with a response,” he muttered haughtily, “because any refutation on my part would discredit John, and I believe he deserves far more credit for this than I do.” The look he gave John still held an air of indifference, but the doctor saw the softness behind the visage, and his heart melted as his lips formed an adoring smile.
“As if you’d last that long,” Sherlock quipped, much to the amusement of a few people blissed out on rotting mattresses nearby.
“Because, John. Think about it; who would take the time to go put their bag in the boot of their car, and then come inside and hang themselves? Not only that, but it would have had to have been premeditated, because
The shower turned off behind him as he was reaching for his dressing gown, and as he pulled it on, he looked back to watch Sherlock step out of the shower. His skin had taken on a lovely pink hue from the heat of the water, and he was lightly flushed all over, the ruddiness a little more prominent on his high cheekbones. John ogled openly, expression unguarded, and Sherlock took notice; the man glanced at him as he fetched a dry towel, a smug smirk coming to his lips, knowing exactly what John was thinking.
Acting too quickly to properly aim, John pointed his gun at the man taking aim at Sherlock, who was prone on the floor, and he fired. There were shouts of surprise and frustration, and then one of pain as the gun previously aimed at Sherlock clattered to the floor and the man gripped his wounded arm, the grey fabric of the hoodie he wore already growing dark with blood.
John was quiet for a moment, pursing his lips as he deliberated. “Fair enough,” he murmured, and he felt the smugness radiating off of Sherlock beside him, pleased as punch that he’d gotten his way.
“Expected,” Sherlock said as he moved behind John, and the doctor couldn’t help but wonder at the ease of the domesticity they'd fallen into. It was as if they’d been doing this forever. A moment passed and Sherlock materialised beside him at the sink, bare save for a pristine, white towel slung around his hips. “It’ll be unnoticeable by next week,” he continued, leaning a bit closer to the mirror to look. “Just be glad it isn’t broken.”
- to find John’s looking at him. Except they weren’t looking at his eyes; they were looking at his mouth. Reflexively, Sherlock licked his lips, and John’s eyes darted up to meet his. They looked glassy, mildly blood-shot, and
John’s hand had stopped moving, his eyes wide, and Sherlock noticed. The brunette looked between John’s eyes and John saw the moment the younger man began to panic.
“First year of uni,” Sherlock affirmed, eyes trailing to look at something in the carpet by John’s chair. “Roommate was friends with a dealer.”
It’s half eleven, John isn’t home, and Rosie is a thrashing, red-faced, tear-stained mess in Sherlock’s arms.
Thank you all again for your patience, and, as always, thank you for clicking your way here, reading, leaving kudos, commenting; anything and everything is so, so appreciated.
“Come for your things then, Sherlock?” Irene asked, opening up her purse and pulling out a white carton, a lighter, and a wallet to hand over to him.
John frowned at looked forward, mumbling the letters to himself, but a moment later, as his eyes fell upon the monument they were nearing, he gasped softly in realisation. “Oh! The Peace Pagoda.”
,” the man in blue said sharply, his weaselly face contorting into a distasteful expression as one white-gloved finger pointed at Sherlock threateningly. “I don’t want it contaminated. Got it?”
They were both silent for a few long moments, before John cleared his throat and, smiling shyly, began to speak. “So-”
“Fine, I’ll leave it,” the man said as he turned a corner. And, thankfully, he did; not that it helped much though, as Sherlock noticed John looking at him curiously out of the corner of his eye. Sherlock kept his own eyes fixated pointedly on a spot on the back of Greg's headrest as the DI turned the conversation towards more important matters as they sped down the main road, cars pulling off to the side to make way for them as they sped towards New Scotland Yard. “So we had the eyewitness at the station a while ago,” Greg began, “and she couldn’t give us too much, but she did manage to supply us with security footage from the shop she runs that my team is searching through.”
The one wall in the room that was bare of furnishings was covered, in its entirety, with newspaper clippings, photographs, pieces of paper, and sticky-notes, each stuck to the wall with pins, which had red string connecting them all in a massive series of webs. Expansive and intricate, it was truly a sight to behold - and if John didn’t know Sherlock any better, he’d assume the man was a conspiracy-theory nutter. But a closer look at the papers and photographs revealed clippings from articles detailing the case with Blessington, and the recent robberies that Sherlock had seemed to think were gang-related. Some of the photographs were of Blessington himself, while others contained shifty-looking characters whom John didn’t recognise. One photo which caught the doctor’s eye was of a dingy brick wall with the word “Worthington” spray-painted in large, green, bold-faced font with a thick black outline and white, artistic highlights. Similar photos - which John, after a moment, realised looked very similar to gang-related graffiti tags - were placed in seemingly-strategic places on the wall, connected to each other via the red string.
“Shut up, you,” Pavel growled through gritted teeth, and Sherlock let out a feigned whimper - but his eyes, fixed on John’s, were clear - almost
Still laughing, John left the steamy bathroom and made a bee-line to the sitting room to fetch his clean, folded clothes off of the sofa. He glanced at the door of the flat to ensure it was locked before he stripped off his dressing gown and pulled on his boxers. His jeans were next, and he wondered if Rachel would notice that he was wearing the same clothes he’d been in yesterday as he pulled his vest and jumper over his head. At least they were clean.
Thankfully, the rain had let up - if only a touch - since he’d last been outside, and John was able to stick close to the sides of the buildings as he made his way down the pavement to avoid the worst of the downpour. As he hunkered down in his jacket, chin tucked into the neckline and hands buried deep in his pockets, he let his mind wander on the subject of Sherlock.
these leads to the detectives at NSY. And still, he remained nameless, no proper credit being given.
, he reminded himself, thrilled that he’d managed to procure that bit of knowledge, though he wasn’t entirely certain
When John had been discharged, the pension he was given was nowhere near enough to survive in London; but he knew that London was where he wanted to be. At first, the charming, orchestrated chaos of the city was what beckoned him. His soldier’s brain thought that a quiet home in the country would very well do him in. Even back in Aldershot, he’d be as good as dead. It wasn’t the glamour of the city, but the bustle, the constant motion that would give him the sense of
The pair worked, John thoroughly lathering Sherlock’s thick locks, the heady scents of eucalyptus and mint overpowering the lavender of the body soap, Sherlock cleaning meticulously under John’s arms and down his torso. Then they traded; John took the luffa and gingerly but thoroughly cleaned over Sherlock’s shoulders and pectorals as Sherlock began scrubbing shampoo into John’s hair. John’s scalp tingled as it was massaged, and he hummed as he dragged his soapy hand over Sherlock’s ribs, caressing the jut of one prominent hipbone with his thumb. He carefully cleaned around Sherlock’s groin, and stepped closer so their bodies were almost touching so that he could reach around and wash the man’s backside. He grinned mischievously up at Sherlock as his hands curved around globed flesh and squeezed injudgently, and Sherlock huffed through his nose, a slight smirk curling the corner of his lips as he gave a playful tug of warning to John’s hair.
he’s with me,” Sherlock repeated with an air of finality, and Lestrade, likely despite his better judgement, decided not to question it. John could only imagine how confusing it must be for the man, dealing with a freelance detective and his therapist turning up unannounced at a murder scene.
Mary frowned, brow furrowed with a mixture of annoyance and concentration as she pulled back to sit upright in her own chair in front of him. “You’re the one who wanted to do this,” she accused, waving her spoon, still covered in white, viscous liquid, in John’s direction. “Are you going to let me continue, or are you going to keep up your whinging?” A teasing smirk played at her lips.
“Oh! I- yes,” Molly nodded, and looked around at the small group. “Alright, we’ll be back,” she announced as she began heading towards the staircase, Irene dropping Sherlock’s arm and following, and Mary stepped away as well.
The melody never stops. He remembers the words from when his grand-mére sang him to sleep when he was Rosie’s age, but she always mixed up the order of the stanzas. Noir
Irene’s laugh filled the room as she turned to appraise herself in the mirror. “Of course not, darling. I’m trying to look appetizing; not ancient.” She brought a hand up to where she’d tucked her dark tresses into a beautifully effortless-looking updo with a modern take on Victorian elegance to tuck away a stray hair that Sherlock didn’t believe was actually there; she’d doused herself in enough hairspray to make his eyes water just by standing next to her.
“So you’re going to force me through detox?” Sherlock inquired at length, his voice an unenthused drawl that was muffled by his arms as he listened to John’s footsteps retreating into the main room.
John’s heart leapt into his throat, though he was careful not to show his disquiet as he felt the car pull smoothly away from the kerb and into traffic. He glanced to the door he’d come in and knew it would be locked without him having to try to open in, and he pursed his lips as he looked out of the tinted window.
be in the room whilst they got high together, mostly because they engaged in more intimate exercises once they were finished,” he explained, eyebrows furrowed, features twisted slightly in mild, but clear distaste. “But also because, if what they were doing was anything like the drugs I had previously experienced, I didn’t want to be around for the display of idiocy that followed.”
That word, breathy and rumbling and urgent, was all John needed to hear. The shorter man pulled his hips carefully back, just an inch or so, giving a low groan at the unforgiving clench of Sherlock around him, as Sherlock simultaneously gave a strangled sound, but wordlessly encouraged John to continued with a minute twitch of his own hips. John would have stopped to question the other to be absolutely sure, but he was so far gone by this point that he didn’t bother to question any order that he was given, verbal or not. He blew out a breath when he rocked his hips forward again, pressing his full length back in as deep as he was able on a single, smooth stroke, hissing at the grip of Sherlock’s body.
“Oi! Freak! Keep your bloody nose in your own business!” she shouted after them, and when John made to turn around to shout some choice words back at her, Sherlock nudged his arm with a soft, “don’t bother,” and John complied, if only to keep from causing a scene.
John hummed, before he looked back down to pull on and lace his other trainer. “I’m sure you’ll figure it out,” he said, looking back up with a placating smile.
he mouthed, words barely audible to even himself as they left him on a breath, and Sherlock merely shrugged. The nonchalance with which the man silently answered made John want to simultaneously roll his eyes and laugh; because apparently the man had gone to the trouble to coordinate a pickup spot for information detailing the precise location of these people, had brought along a lockpick set as he’d anticipated locked doors being a potential obstacle, but hadn’t planned what the
“Any spare change, Sir?” the young lad asked, looking up at Sherlock with overdramatic sweetness, his large brown eyes giving a pleading look.
, maybe you can help me pay my rent as payback for staying over the past few days,” he teased jokingly.
“I’m sorry I woke you,” the brunette said quietly as he got settled, facing John where the doctor laid on his side with his back against the wall.
Sherlock leapt off of the concrete slab and swept past him, the tightly-packed gravel crunching under his posh Yves Saint Laurents as he walked, and John quickly met the taller man’s stride as they made their way towards the warehouses. “Second one from the left,” he confirmed with a nod in the direction of the warehouse in question. “We’ll check for the blue ladder before we break in.” The final comment was so offhanded that John nearly missed it. But when the statement registered, John’s eyes widened before he huffed out a breath and shook his head.
I hope this update finds you all well. I'd like to begin by thanking you endlessly for your patience; I imagine many of you have moved on to other stories by now, which I encourage - support other artists on this site! For those of you who have been anxiously awaiting an update for the past several months, I am terribly sorry to have been delaying the ending of this story for so long. I know it is no excuse, but I have been dealing with many personal (medical) things that have demanded my undivided attention and much of my time. That, on top of school, work, and family, have taken me away from this story. Add to that a serious case of writer's block, and you get several months devoid of updates. For that, I am truly apologetic. But from this I have learned that, in the future, I will write up most of a story, if not the whole thing, before posting, so I am not hindered by what life throws at me, and you all aren't punished by my own shortcomings.
Both John and Kent whipped their heads around to look at Harlow, who was standing at the door which he’d pushed open, eyes wide as he looked outside. John could faintly see red and blue lights shining on his face, and on the wall of the next warehouse outside the door, and heard the wail of distant, but swiftly approaching sirens.
know why all of that, instead of making his head whir and blood pump with the thrill of a good mystery, made his heart pound in a different sort of stuttered rhythm that had nothing to do with the rationale of his brain; he
The long-awaited chapter is here! This isn't the finale; there will be at least one if not two chapters after this. I'll release that information on Twitter (@bi_an83) and Tumblr (minding-my-own-bismuth) in the coming days. I anticipate an update next week, probably mid-week, but I won't make any promises, since last time I thought I was going to update soon I ended up being out of commission for like six months.
“Actually,”” she began, and looked at Molly, “I was wondering if you could show me where the loo is?” she asked.
“Rosie wishes you’d been here, too,” Sherlock murmurs. “And so do I. We missed you.” His words are soft and sincere; and so is John’s responding smile.
“You’re the most agreeable therapist I’ve ever been forced to deal with,” the detective added, and John smiled at the odd compliment.
“The hell is this place?” Lestrade asked in lieu of a greeting, the car shifting as the man’s foot pressed the brake pedal and his hand fiddled with the gear shift.
When one imagines walking into a room where someone died, whether it be by suicide, homicide or tragic accident (were one to imagine those sorts of things in their free time for whatever reason), one would probably expect a scene straight out of a horror film: a dramatic, blood-spattered room backlit by the occasional lightning strike seen through the floor-to-ceiling, sheer-curtain-covered windows. A body, lying in the centre of the room, on display, covered in blood.
bright idea to go all out for Halloween this year, but Mary’s interests in medical illustration combined with her newly-inspired passion for
With a sigh, he looked away from the photograph, his eyes glancing off of the bookshelf holding a variety of educational texts, over the few framed diplomas and certificates hanging modestly on the wall by a window, and finally coming to rest on the door as a sound in the lobby caught his attention. Through the gap between the door and its frame, he saw a flurry of movement, heard aggravated voices, and decided that he best make himself comfortable in preparation for what would hopefully be his last appointment for the day. Right on cue, as he leaned back against his desk, soft footfalls signified his secretary's approach.
Some lyrics that Sherlock couldn’t entirely decipher over the din of the people around them streamed through the speakers, but it hardly mattered, because John was giving him a captivating smile and inching closer.
“-Are we done here?” John’s interruption made the other man look up, anticipation on his face, but his voice came out in a quiet drawl.
“What’s on your agenda for today?” he asked conversationally as he pulled his stocking partway up his shin.
“Shut up.” The command holds no heat, and it sounds like John is smiling. The man’s fingers resume their idle tracing of random patterns over Sherlock’s shirt. “I’m glad that you’re clean. I’m proud of you.”
John looked, too, and was thoroughly surprised to see none other than Greg Lestrade stepping through. Sherlock didn’t seem surprised at all.
The passion and conviction with which Sherlock attacked his mouth swept John up and the older man gave a whimper at the feeling of teeth against his lower lip.  His hands rose to tangle in Sherlock’s tumultuous curls, making Sherlock breathe out a desperate noise against his mouth. They were uncoordinated, both trembling with the rise and crash of adrenaline and relief and gratitude, their mouths perfectly out of sync as they kissed, desperate, wanting,
“Brilliant,” John murmured, feeling more annoyed than threatened by this point, and decided to stay quiet for the rest of this little excursion.
Sherlock, in return, huffed a soft laugh through his nose. “It would appear so.” He tilted his head slightly, brow furrowing just so. “What did you do?”
Sherlock sighed and rocked back on his heels impatiently; he was just stopping by for a hit and a bit for the road, and then he was going to chase what he felt were the beginnings of a lead over by Westminster. He was already planning out routes in his head and figuring where he could get a cab at this hour when Victor came sauntering back across the room with a smug smile on his face and a syringe in his hand.
Truly unremarkable on the outside; stuffy, unflattering jumpers that left everything to the imagination; a walking palette of bland and beige tones, with his oatmeal-coloured jumpers and his worn blue-jeans and his tanned skin and sandy-blond hair; he took his Earl Grey black and his coffee blacker; his smile was practised and easy, charming without effort and without fail; his after-work routine likely consisted of taking a trip to Tesco to grab jam and biscuits (his favourite being Digestives) - he was, for all whose eyes should fall upon him, an unassuming, ordinary, average man.
Giving him a small, fond smile of thanks, Sherlock lit his cigarette, and let out a sigh after the first long drag that John would normally only hear when his own mouth was wrapped around Sherlock’s cock, and he was almost offended, but the look of relief on the man’s face made something twist painfully in his gut.
John just smiled. “I reckon I have to if I don’t want you to be miserable.” Relieved at the incredibly small smile he was rewarded with, the doctor gave Sherlock’s leg a gentle squeeze. “Give me your address and a key, and I’ll run and get your stuff; I have to get bread from the shops anyway.”
thought it weren’t safe,” one man cajoled in a tinny voice; John could just imagine his sneer. “Told ye we’d manage. Got ‘nother four grand ‘n this haul – at least!”
“Oops! Sorry, lads,” a man with another bloke nearly draped over his shoulder said with a polite smile, “just looking for a bathroom. Carry on,” he said, and shut the door without another word, leaving John and Sherlock alone, panting, and dazed.
He emerged fully from behind the cover of the rusted out plough, gun raised and ready in both hands, because as much as he really preferred
“No. There wasn’t a robbery,” Sherlock said, and suddenly strode forward, leaving John to take a few quick steps to catch up to him.
aren’t going to start pounding on the wall that separates their flats in retaliation. His head aches, his arms ache, his sides ache, and he desperately wants a cigarette. “Rosie,” he cooes, “my darling, if you would be so kind as to cease this ridiculous…
Mildly startled, Sherlock took a moment to search John’s eyes, sapphire, stern, carefully guarded; but not carefully enough, as Sherlock spotted something in them that looked precariously close to
Sherlock would roll his eyes again if he weren’t feeling a bit petrified, himself; it would seem that he was simply better at not showing it.
When he opened his eyes with a groan to find the warehouse blurry and sideways, feeling the cold concrete of the floor pressed to his cheek, he immediately sat up, sensing the danger before he saw it. If only he’d been as intuitive a moment ago.
To his right, across the bridge they’d walked under, was Battersea Park and the surrounding area. To his back, he knew, lay the Thames, and the path they’d come from. Before him and to his left, was the rest of the gravel lot. There was what appeared to be a large factory of sorts – or a power-plant – that may or may not have been abandoned. He couldn’t be sure. But there were bits of equipment here and there, from what he could tell; piles of rubble and stacks of metal beams and a few pieces of machinery. What the expansive lot lacked was people, and cars. He wondered briefly at how close to civilization the place was; granted, people weren’t likely to start wandering around what may very well be a power-plant/construction site, but he couldn’t help but wonder what would happen if a pair of young adults
“Can you tell us anything about the cause of death?” asked one reporter, her voice muffled by the sounds of chatter and the cacophony of camera shutters.
“Hm? Oh, yes, you probably should,” the detective responded, and stepped to the kerb, throwing one gloved hand in the air - which was interesting, as John hadn’t seen him put gloves on. “Bring your gun,” he added with an air of nonchalance as a taxi miraculously materialized seemingly out of thin air beside where Sherlock stood.
“Hey, it’s fine, I’m not judging,” Lestrade went on. “Expected it weeks ago. Sherlock kept denying it but he never shut up about you-”
His feet found their way a bit further out in front of him than normal, and he smiled secretly down at the newsprint when he heard Sherlock’s shoes shift and felt the subsequent bumping of their feet in the shared space between their chairs. He glanced up to see Sherlock still engrossed in his phone, and so went back to his reading.
That earned a dubious noise from the blond as the pair fell into stride together and quickly crossed the distance to the park - and then kept going.
A familiar face came in through the door, gun drawn, and, after taking in the scene before him, with two men on the ground and two men who put them there on their feet half covered in blood, the DI heaved a hefty sigh and dropped his weapon, motioning for the uniformed officers behind him to do the same. “Get forensics in here,” Greg said over his shoulder, before making his way over to stand before both John and Sherlock, his expression not unlike that of a drained parent.
John laughed, an adorable, genuine, high-pitched, giggling thing that had Sherlock’s stomach doing flips. “No, no. I did it because- because you're lovely." His cheeks flushed profoundly as he gave the compliment. "And I'm glad you're not complaining. I’d hate for you to complain about it.” His breathing evened out as his laughter died, and after another moment of letting his eyes trail over Sherlock's face, the doctor cleared his throat and averted his gaze. “We should probably…-”
Sherlock gave him a soft smile back before returning to his coffee. John’s smile stayed in place as he polished off his buttered toast, wondering how he’d gotten so lucky.
“I’m tired,” Sherlock admitted on a long, drawn-out breath. “And let’s not forget I’m still suffering withdrawal symptoms. Quite frankly, I’m amazed I’ve managed to go this long without vomiting.”
the police force. He seemed to be doing as much from behind the scenes, if what John assumed to be true was in fact the case.
“Sherlock?” he called out again, moving to drop his bag on the floor - but he did a double-take at the sight of several boxes lining the wall next to the door. He frowned as he picked up a sheet of paper that had been neatly lying atop the nearest one.
“It’s okay,” John breathed back, and his eyes darted to Sherlock’s mouth, nearly ready to kiss him again, but they were interrupted by the side door of the warehouse being kicked open with incredible force. The men jumped away from each other, startled, as several uniformed officers poured into the room, weapons drawn and pointed at them.
Nearly twenty minutes and several layers of liquid latex and facial tissues later (John lost count after application number three), Mary leaned back, a light huff accompanying her self-satisfied smile. “Phase one, done.”
