I give him a moment, listening to him move around on a creaking hospital bed. I want to get him out of there. He should be with me now. I’d take care of him.
The truth is, I’ve looked at her before. I’m ashamed of it, and I’m glad Sherlock doesn’t know, but yes, I’ve looked at her, and I’ve thought about what it would be like to take her out. It was only a thought, mind you, but I feel bad nonetheless.
John's skin is so very tender against the pad of Sherlock's finger, and only now does he realise what they're doing here, what
His lips slide across my temple in a sloppy kiss and he hums against my skin. He’s in my head, in my heart, in the blood pumping through my veins. It takes only a few more thrusts to push me over the edge.
have sex. They’re close to each other right now, so close, and he can feel John’s arousal enveloping him in blind, insane heat, his hardness so terribly present between their bodies, and he’s painfully aware of his own flaccid penis, even
John shivers at the feeling of ten long fingers splaying across his abdomen. He tries—but fails—to keep his reaction to Sherlock’s touch at bay as the stack of plates in his hands wobbles dangerously.
night - a night that is not even over yet - he has already spoilt me for the rest of the world. I will never take anybody else into my bed again after this. No one could ever be good enough.
John forces himself to look at his friend. Even if it's him who insisted on having this conversation, he now feels strangely uneasy. His palms are sweaty, and he wishes he had something to occupy his hands with. He puts them on the armrests of his chair and digs his fingertips into the familiar pattern of the threadbare fabric covering them.
John laughs, wrapping his arm around Sherlock’s waist and pulling him in closer. “Most of the people in London already know who we are, and what we do. I guarantee none of Rosie’s classmates, nor their parents, will be the least bit surprised. If anything else, your talking to them about it will deepen their understanding of you, and they will appreciate you even more.”
, you wonder?" He raises his head, and Sherlock suppresses the urge to flinch. It hurts to look at John like this, even if he can't explain how or why. "I'm
“I’ve been told my approach to personal conversations is often perceived as too straight-forward. When we sat down together, I wasn’t expecting your news to be… of this sort. I don’t want to make you feel uncomfortable. But of course I want to know why. How could I not? Do you want to talk about it?”
Sherlock has always known that he's infatuated with John, right since the very beginning, even though he'd
John's tongue rubs up and down that perfect spot beneath his tip, agonisingly slowly, and then he hollows his cheeks and sucks hard.
, it just resulted in him being so severely unnerved by people that he gave up again right away and went home to sit on his bed and stare into space and drink until the nightmares went away.
"No." She lets go of him and jumps up, drawing herself up to her full height and glaring down at him, and the effect doesn't get diminished by the tears now forming in her eyes. If anything, they make it worse. "No!"
John Watson is not great with people. Never has been. He's too introverted for that, too grumpy, too easily annoyed. Sherlock never tires to remind him that he's also not above average when it comes to quick deductions or the elaborate interpretation of clues, but– fortunately– it doesn't really matter that he's a bit of an idiot, because standing next to Sherlock Holmes nearly
When she’s said everything she needed to get off her chest, she starts to sob. It sounds more angry than sad, but my heart goes out to her nonetheless. I can hear him mumble something in a soft voice, and then her sobs sound muffled all of a sudden. I peer around the doorframe and see them standing there, Sherlock with his arms around the much smaller woman, holding her in a gentle embrace. She looks up when she hears me and reaches out with one hand to point at me.
Sherlock shakes his head, his beautiful curls falling into his forehead. He brushes the stray strands aside with a careless movement of his hand.
How can she be pregnant? They always used protection. Of course, John is a doctor, and he knows that these things happen. He just never thought they'd happen to
“I belong to you,” I tell him, trying to make my eyes show what I’m feeling right now. “I always will.”
They’ll have to talk about that tomorrow. Tonight, he just wants to be with him. He knows Sherlock thinks that them sleeping together might have been a one-time thing, and that he will give him an out if he wants one. And yes, he’s terrified of what the future might bring. Calling off a wedding is not something you just do. Being with Sherlock has always been a challenge, and adding new aspects to their relationship will not make it easier. But he wants to do it again. He wants everything Sherlock can give. He wants to
"John, don't. Please stop. I--- Maybe I shouldn't have let you go through with it. You weren't yourself. Maybe---"
He stops in mid-sentence and his eyes widen, almost as if in surprise. His inner walls grip me, harder than ever before, and then start to pulse rhythmically.
A shudder runs through his body, and my composure wavers. My poor, poor Sherlock. This is different from being a soldier and killing on the battlefield. I can barely imagine what it must be like for him.
” he repeats, his eyes rolling behind half-closed lids, his long neck bared as he throws back his head and moans.
Groaning through clenched teeth, my name on his lips, he presses his forehead against my cheek and shakes through his orgasm. He's soaked in sweat, all his muscles tense and quivering, and his release is searing hot on my skin. His hips are moving in tight circles now, along with the waves of pleasure that run through him, and I loosen my grip on his shoulders and put my arms around his back instead to caress him with long, calming strokes. I listen to his gasps and the low, squelching sounds of his penis slipping against mine, and to my own heartbeat that's pounding in my ears.
They stay like that for a few endless minutes, their bodies almost pressing against each other, but not quite. It's delicious torture to John. He knows it's just a game; he knows he should stop and get some distance between them
"Hmmm, baby…" he mutters into his ear and pushes his nose into it to make him shiver all over. "So sweet, my love…"
John smirks, toes off his shoes, and sits down next to him, his limbs cracking loudly as he folds them to accommodate the limited space next to the lanky form of his better half.
John pushes him, very carefully, in the direction of the stairs that lead up to his bedroom. Sherlock allows him to.
It's often hard to pretend not to notice, but John gives him enough material to work with, being so busy pretending himself. Pretending to care.
He ends the call and gets up with a wheeze. His arm complains about being moved in such a sudden way.
“You’re--- Listen, Sherlock, I have a lot of things to say to that, but I’ll have to kiss you first, okay?” he says after a brief pause.
He slams into John with another hard, desperate thrust and comes, stifling his relieved groan by biting down on John's neck hard enough to leave a bruise.
He reaches into his pocket and pulls out his pen. He’s a full-time doctor now. He always carries a pen. Great.
," he repeats and makes to push him away, but John holds onto him with a surprisingly tight grip and
“I don’t have many rules when it comes to the bedroom, but those socks will have to come off. And then I’ll do my best to get that brilliant brain of yours to shut up for a while.”
"You know what it's like when the solving of a case is imminent. I can't just turn my brain off and take a break. I can sleep later," I say.
"My gorgeous man," John breathes, and then he guides him between his lips to suck him into his mouth, slowly, deeply, and almost all the way down.
. When I enter the bedroom, I imagine her perfume still lingering in the air, even though I know it isn't real. I'm---
"Sher---" he starts, but then the fingers are back, two of them this time, and as they slide inside him with gentle, but determined pressure, the rest gets mangled into a slurry, growling "---
Sherlock wraps his hands around his upper arms and enjoys the feeling of flexing muscles underneath soft skin, but he can't hold on for long, because soon John moves a bit further down his neck to nuzzle and kiss and run his teeth along his skin, and he has to let go of him and bury his hands in the sheet instead to ground himself.
"I've changed my mind," John mumbles into his mouth and draws their joined hands up and against his face. "I think I like it after all."
hard to not lose track of everything, because John's skillful, wicked hands are simultaneously rubbing his cheeks, pulling them apart, his thumbs
"Sherlock, I--- I feel so bad. I don’t know what to say. I'm sorry! Please… don't leave me. I couldn't--- I can't live without you."
John finds himself struggling to believe it, but it's true. Whichever way you look at it, there's no denying that Sherlock told John he
, and then he starts to shake beneath me, wave after wave of ecstasy running through his body as he bathes my hand in thick pulses of slick, wet heat.
“He can’t go out to investigate yet,” I say firmly. “His back hasn’t healed. He needs another week or two.”
He moved back in as soon as the rooms were inhabitable again, because Sherlock asked him to, and because nothing in his life had ever felt so right.
what he thinks about me, John! I don't need you to make me feel better about myself over a pretend relationship! It's humiliating!"
By the time he'd shot the cabbie and Sherlock treated him to some Chinese takeaway, John had managed to get a hold of his hormones again. He knew that what he had stumbled into there was good, more than good, and he didn't care how many creepy brothers Sherlock had or how difficult it might turn out to live with someone who called himself a "high-functioning sociopath". Sherlock was unlike any other person he'd ever met before, and he wanted more of him. All that he could get. And so he went to bed in the upstairs bedroom that night, still high on the kill and the spicy food and
, so hard and suddenly that he's a little surprised by the intensity of it all. He shouts out a garbled grunt and spills his release against his own hand and Sherlock's arse in three forceful pulses that shake him to his very core. Caught up in a swirl of white light, he bites down on Sherlock's arm, none too gently, and allows his lids to slide shut to better enjoy what's happening inside of him.
His expression is so raw, so open right now that it gives John a twinge. He’s never seen his friend look like this before, not once in all those years. Not even when they touched each other for the first time. This is Sherlock with
He turns around and puts on his sunglasses. Then he pulls the hood of his jumper up and over his head. He doesn’t look like himself now. And he doesn’t feel like the Sherlock I know – I
He grunts and grinds back against my hand in a clear request for more, and I straighten up again to look at him. He’s flushed all over, most of all down his neck and upper back, and his skin is glowing with a fine sheen of sweat. He looks ethereal in the dim light of his bedside lamp.
"Fuck me," John suddenly groans into the damp space between their faces, and Sherlock's heart stops.
Sherlock stares at me, his gaze unreadable. Mary raises her eyebrows and puffs out her cheeks. Then she grins at me.
," John hisses into his ear, his tone venomous, and then, a lot more gently, he murmurs: "Sherlock? Sherlock, come back."
He opens his lips and John's thumb slips between them, and he sucks at it, his gaze never leaving John's ocean irises, so dark with desire.
"You know where the beard will feel really, really good, too?" he asks, his voice a low rumble. "The back of your neck. While I shag you right into the mattress."
He’s not shouting yet, but he’s raised his voice, and I hope against hope that there are no other people sitting in the waiting room right now.
Both Sherlock and John laugh at how serious she is; how young and yet so knowledgeable in reading body language. And John always finds it amusing when she gives Sherlock a taste of his own medicine.
As he kisses him on the forehead, Sherlock exhales heavily, humming with contentment as he fits his body to John’s in a warm embrace. John presses a trail of kisses down his nose, from one cheek to another before brushing his lips against Sherlock’s. Sherlock responds the moment their lips touch, moaning and surging forward to kiss him passionately. The kiss is deep and wanting and candid—but it’s not one of heated sexual desire. No, not this one—this kiss says nothing other than “I love you, too.” In it, Sherlock is offering all of the love and trust he has; and it’s the most precious gift John has ever received.
“Close your eyes, love… I’m there with you… I’m holding you in my arms, Sherlock… I’m protecting you, okay? No one’s going to hurt you anymore…”
"). John has never done anything like this before, but he's happy to find that Sherlock's signature trait of always throwing himself head-over-heels into everything he wants to do and then giving his all to achieve perfection also comes into play in the bedroom. He himself might be the more experienced one, but Sherlock is nothing if not adventurous.
He’s out of the door a few moments later, and I’m alone. I exhale loudly and cover my face with my hands. Fuck.
“A woman tried to kiss me today, and for a second I wanted her to. Because you’re not here, and because I sometimes get angry at you for things you didn’t do, but almost did.”
He slowly opens the door and peers into the room. Sherlock is sitting at the table, stock-still, staring right ahead of himself. There's a steaming mug of tea in front of him, filling the air with the familiar, calming fragrance of Earl Grey. He doesn't react when John steps closer and finally sits down on the second chair.
“Yeah?” John grins as he brushes his fingers against the back of Sherlock’s ear. “Well. That scar says otherwise.”
Sherlock bites his earlobe and pulls away to start a careful rhythm of in and out to make John loosen up more, and when he deems him relaxed enough, he crooks his finger and strokes along his prostate to see what it will do to him.
Sherlock stills for the fraction of a second, but then grabs John and rolls the two of them over so that he’s on top. John gasps and half-smiles in pleasant surprise. His heart is hammering behind his ribs in a mixture of apprehension and giddy expectation. It's really going to happen now.
“I see you’re experiencing difficulties standing upright, but… it wouldn’t befit a gentleman like myself to invite you to sit on your own bed.”
John is flabbergasted at hearing him swear and knows it should probably tell him something, but finds himself talking in spite of himself.
He's on the floor, his back throbbing from hitting the hard tiles at considerable speed, and John's hand is on his throat,
John exhales a sigh that sounds very much like relief, then tilts his head and nuzzles his face. Sherlock leans into him and allows it, and for a minute or two they just sit there quietly, breathing the same air.
They hold each other for what feels like hours, but later John will recapitulate that it can’t have been much more than ten or fifteen minutes.
He pulls back a bit and looks at John with his moonlight eyes, his dark lashes accentuating their captivating, unusual shape.
I open my mouth to reply, but the sound of our door being pushed open makes the words die on my tongue.
He occasionally wonders if he'll ever get around to telling him (read: pluck up the courage to do so), but that's something else entirely, something he's not ready for yet. Not at all.
By now their breathing has evened out again, and Sherlock’s body has grown heavy in his arms. He’s dozing, it seems.
John leans his forehead against the door and closes his eyes, half-wishing for Sherlock to hear him and call his name, half-terrified that he really might do exactly that.
"Oh God, Sherlock," John says randomly as he lifts his feet one after the other, and Sherlock notices that his chest has begun to rise and fall slightly faster than before. Sherlock thinks that what he actually means to ask is: "What the hell are we doing?"
“Papa!” Rosie is every bit as brimming with enthusiasm as she’s been since John met her after school. Without removing her coat and shoes, she dashes across the sitting room to hug Sherlock, who takes a few steps towards her and sweeps her off her feet before she reaches his work table.
For a second, John is scared that he’s hurt him, but then he feels the cock he’s sucking on harden even further inside of him and realises it’s happening now. He keeps moving his finger and hums deeply, knowing from experience that this will make it even better for Sherlock, and readies himself for what’s to come.
"This is neither the time nor the place, Sherlock, but when we get home… and had some breakfast and maybe some sleep… I'll tell you time and time again. I'll
Somehow, they let him pass. A person, John doesn't even register whether it's a man or a woman, holds his arm as he sinks to his knees next to the body, and it's not to keep him back, he notices dimly, but to give him support.
"It’s… a little much, yes," he says slowly, as if talking to himself, but then his eyes focus on John again. "I’ve hardly processed what happened between us yesterday. And I agree with you - the past is still haunting us. I find it difficult to concentrate on the future just yet." He bites his lip. "Which doesn’t mean that I don’t
…” I beg, and he huffs out a groaning, lust-filled chuckle and swallows me down again until his nose is pressing against my pubic hair.
She slowly raises her head then – it must have been something in his voice. Their eyes meet, and John sees that she knows.
She watches them standing beside the door, observing the proceedings, the outsides of their arms touching so very subtly,
The last sentence causes me physical pain, so much so that I can’t help but flinch. This is what I’ve wanted all along – or rather what I
John doesn’t know what to say to that, so he stays silent and puts his cheek against the warm skin of Sherlock’s chest and closes his eyes. Sherlock holds him and kisses his hair again and just lets him be. They stand there like that, in the middle of Sherlock’s untidy bedroom, for a minute or two.
like I want you… But you’re worth so much more than that," he whispers against Sherlock’s cheek. His hand is gripping his hip now, hard, as if he wanted to keep him from walking away. "You’re too important to me."
Sherlock makes a sound somewhere between a groan and a sob and grabs John's head with one hand. His fingers are trembling, weaving through John's hair, his nails scraping his scalp.
“John---” he starts, but trails off rather lamely, hating himself and his inability to behave like an ordinary person.
Sherlock’s mind is spinning. He’s really, really not good at this kind of conversation, and being showered with praise like that makes him feel uneasy. He doesn’t know how to deal with it, how to reply.
His gaze is unseeing, his irises glinting like a kaleidoscope of cool colours. The heat burning inside them is gone. He’s left me forever. I’m alone now.
He helps John to open his cuffs and then shrugs off his shirt. John stops moving for a moment and takes him in, which makes him feel self-conscious. He's got nothing to be ashamed of, he knows, but he's not keen on revealing his scars just yet, mostly because he's sure it would kill the mood to explain how he got them.
They keep it up for a few minutes, not changing their pace because it's perfect like this, and John forgets to speak and give Sherlock the loving, dirty words he loves so much since he has to concentrate very hard on
He takes a deep breath and feels the tears come so quickly that he doesn't have time to somehow stop himself from breaking down, and so he just hugs Rosie more tightly and keeps rocking her in his embrace, taking care not to let her see his face. He has no idea how much children of her age understand about the world they live in, but he's sure they can interpret facial expressions and mirror the emotion that's being shown, and he doesn't want to upset her any further.
He takes a bath and tries to relax, tries to slow down the ever-whirring gears in his mind, but all he can think of is John John
“You are exquisite,” John whispers. He waits until Sherlock has stepped out of his boxers and kicked them aside, and then, not taking his eyes off of him, he goes back in to tongue-kiss the tender bit of flesh where his hip meets his thigh. “And you taste incredible.”
“Let me see you,” John pants and moves down the other man’s body a little, licking his nipple on the way, then laving his navel with his tongue, his hand pushing at the duvet to shove it aside and off.
” John is panting, melting against Sherlock’s body, boneless and spent. Sherlock holds him tight and kisses his ear. “I love you,” John mumbles into his shoulder. “I love you so much, Sherlock…” Sherlock doesn’t answer. John needs this. He’ll do it for him. And if he waits for John to go to sleep and then steals into the bathroom to clean himself up and cry, John doesn’t have to know. After all, John is normal. Sherlock is the freak.
He lowers himself back down again, and Sherlock puts his arms around him, enjoying his body heat seeping into his own system and grounding himself to the presence of the only human being he trusts with all his heart, despite everything that happened.
present somehow, nestled against John’s thigh. Why can’t he be normal? Why is this so difficult? Why is he such a freak? “I’m sorry,” he whispers into the damp space between their mouths. “I’m sorry, John.” John sighs and buries his hands in Sherlock’s curls, pressing their foreheads together. “It’s… okay,” he whispers back, breathing heavily. “I just--- I need to---” Sherlock knows he’ll get up now, and go to the bathroom, and when he comes back, he’ll be calmer. They’ll cuddle and then fall asleep. And they’ll try again next time. When John lets go of him and makes to roll away, he stops him. “Stay,” he murmurs and runs his palm down the flexing muscles of the other man’s arm, studying the way the touch causes goosebumps to rise all over the golden skin. “Sherlock---” John starts, but Sherlock doesn’t let him finish. “Shhh… I know. It’s alright…” He pulls him back against his body and kisses his neck and then, not knowing what he’s doing at all, just wraps his fingers around his stiff length. “
“I love you,” I say and then clean him up carefully, trying to turn the sober and necessary act into one of worship, of reverence.
He runs his hands down my back and draws in a short, sharp breath, and I can tell that he's felt it, so I dive in for a deep, passionate kiss before he can ask.
His hunger has disappeared, being replaced by nausea and a hollow throbbing somewhere deep inside his body.
John’s eyes begin to prickle, along with a slight tickle of his throat. He squeezes Sherlock’s hand, nuzzling his nose against his cheek and placing a small kiss there. “You owe me nothing,” he insists. “We’re partners, Sherlock. Partners in crime, and partners in life. And everything we’ve done together…it always has been, and always will be, my honour and privilege.”
I’m looking forward to quitting my job at the clinic as soon as Sherlock returns. Helping people fulfils me in a way, but it’s so dull most of the time. I can’t do this for the rest of my life. I want my old life back. I miss it so much that sometimes, on bad days, even my tremor comes back.
. He's stopped kissing him, but keeps his mouth close to his cheek, his forehead pressed against Sherlock's temple, his breath hot and moist against him.
, nestled into the tight space between their bodies, and he wonders what would happen if he reached down and---
"He's watching us from the corner. I think he assumes we're oblivious to that," Sherlock tells him, his fingers closing around his upper arm.
We meet in yet another long kiss, during which I unbutton his pyjama shirt and slip it off his arms.
This is strangely romantic, Sherlock thinks, but then John slides two fingers into him, going deep right away, and his brain flickers off completely.
Sherlock, who’s been completely silent up to now, sobs lowly and his thighs start to shake. John is mesmerised by it.
His voice has always been my weakness; even in infuriating situations it made it hard to resist him (“John. Hand me my phone.” – “John. I’m bored.” – “John! Tea!”), but now I realise that it’s like a drug, clouding my brain with its soft, velvety drawl. There seems to be a direct connection from my ears to my lower regions, too, because right now it feels as if I could come if he just kept talking to me.
He's sleeping now, there on the couch, wrapped in a thick woollen blanket, and John and Rosie are in the kitchen, having tea.
He ponders over that for a second, but then heavy rain – or is it hail? – begins to pelt against the hull of the plane and its windows, and the roar that this causes shudders through him and makes his blood run cold.
, until their lips are swollen and, in Sherlock's case, sore from rubbing against the coarse hairs of John's beard. When they break apart again, they're both breathing fast.
He doesn’t wait to see if Sherlock does close his eyes, but puts his left hand around the base of his cock, which feels like iron wrapped in silk and is burning his skin with its heat, and presses his right middle and index finger against his perineum a little harder now, moving them in tiny, rhythmic circles. Sherlock’s breathing becomes louder, more erratic, but he doesn’t make another sound. John bends down then and takes him into his mouth, only the tip at first, while simultaneously trailing his fingers further down until they rub against the soft, puckered opening hidden between Sherlock’s buttocks.
Sherlock rolls his hips upwards, and the expression on his face changes ever so slightly, turns subtly lascivious, making John shiver deep inside.
Sherlock chuckles weakly and bites his lip, looking embarrassed and nervous and beautiful, and John wipes his dusty left hand on his jeans and then puts it on the lapel of Sherlock's coat, holding on lightly.
"Sorry… I'm not as strong as I used to be," he murmurs and bites the inside of his cheek in an uncharacteristic display of shyness.
“Give me,” I murmur, and he scoops up some more of the jelly and our fingers entwine for a quick, seductive dance before he lets go again and wipes the remnants of the salve on his thigh. “I’ll take it from here,” I tell him and, laying a hot kiss against the back of his leg, finally breach his rim to let my middle finger slip inside.
He can tell right away that it won’t take long now, not in this position, which allows him to go deep with ease, to reach places he wasn’t able to reach when Sherlock was still sitting in his lap. He doesn’t mind too much; it seems like a natural progression from the slow, lazy start they had, and from the way Sherlock is holding on to him now, breathing hard, his whole large frame vibrating with pleasure, he deduces that he’d probably agree.
“Hold still,” John instructs with a laugh, cupping Sherlock’s chin with his hands before bending upwards and kissing his lips.
“Fuck,” he mutters, folds the napkin twice and stuffs it into the inside pocket of his leather jacket before zipping it up all the way to his chin.
He feels weirdly jittery, and it's hard to meet the other man's eyes. Talking about work seems to be the easiest conversational topic right now. Sherlock exhales through his nose, loudly, and it sounds as if he was bracing himself.
still find you attractive, John," Sherlock then says, and it sounds guilty. "I'm sorry. I didn't think."
shut up during sex once in a while, to stick to his usual habit of only talking when it's absolutely necessary and skipping the pleasantries. He's sure Sherlock would find that amusing.
"John," Sherlock says softly. He wants to take a step towards him, but is also scared to close the safe distance between them, not trusting himself not to get carried away again. "You’re right. What you said earlier, in bed - I can’t do it for you. You have to do it yourself.
I don’t mind her knowing. He deserves that I tell her the truth – or the closest thing to the truth that I can. The look of surprise on her face changes into one of pity.
He glances at the clock on the bedside table. It's almost midnight, which means that he's just slept for about six hours. He can't remember the last time he managed that. He's thirsty, and, to his great surprise, hungry as well.
John never calls Sherlock his "husband". They're not married – they never felt the need to. John knows Sherlock is his, and he knows that it's the same for Sherlock. John's marriage with Mary showed him that wearing a ring doesn't really mean as much as he'd always thought before he went and took the step himself. But now, with Peter, he uses the word on purpose. Peter
wrong. It makes me want to kiss you, hold you, take you to bed and make love to you until you scream my name in the throes of passion. That's what it makes me want to do, Sherlock. So... You're brilliant in almost every respect, but you've got a lot to learn when it comes to..."
“Yes… My hand is on you now, John, stroking you… slowly… up and down… I’m taking my time… I love how your breath quickens, how you shiver… Mmhhh, so
"I know. You're right. I'm an arsehole. I--- I'm a coward, I'm selfish, and I'm destroying your life. But I never meant for this to happen. Please believe me."
He knew it would come in handy one day. He purchased an assortment of his favourite distractions a while ago, on a day which proved to be particularly trying with regards to the wedding preparations. Billy was rather surprised to see him again, but he did his job, and now Sherlock is glad he's planned ahead.
John, desire flaring up inside his guts again, playfully nips at the finger and then captures Sherlock’s lips with his own and kisses him deeply. The last traces of Sherlock’s come are still lingering on his palate, and he tries to guide the other man’s tongue there to get a taste of himself.
, and Holmes in my arms, whimpering into my pillow, his curls bobbing in time with my thrusts, his hand now clenching around my forearm as I caress his shaft, up, down, the glide of my palm soon becoming slick and easy with sweat and Cowper’s fluid.
John is perfectly aware of the fact that this is supposed to rile him up, but it also gives him ideas. This place is old and empty and dusty and yes, a little creepy as well, but the furniture is still there. Which means there might be a bed somewhere, or a couch, or an upholstered chair. Something soft. Something with a blanket. He squares his shoulders and looks at his friend.
However, something's different today. Sherlock doesn't recognise himself, doesn't know why he's so eager or where the insistent pull he's feeling, the yearning to be one with John, comes from.
John talks over the howling and rumbling of the thunderstorm raging outside and makes a half-arsed attempt to keep his annoyance from showing in his tone, but gives up right away. He's furious with Sherlock, and he's cold, and hungry, and fed up with the weather and this place and the day in general.
"And still you'll leave her to mourn both of you at the same time. You'll make her mother find you lying in your bed, dead, in God knows what kind of state."
It’s rare for him to spell it out like that, and John treasures every occasion on which it happens. He bends down for a kiss.
Holmes gets up and gestures for Mrs Hudson to sit down in the clients’ chair, and she gives him a slightly confused glance and does. She obviously thought I was ringing to ask for food or assistance, and Holmes’ presence in the flat has knocked her out of her stride.
He trails off and looks away once more, gripping the metal armrests of his chair. His knuckles are white.
I swallow thickly and press my face against his palm, my eyes sliding shut out of their own accord. His hand is so soft, so warm.
, but he didn't, and now she's in hospital and he's at home, pacing the flat like a wild animal in its cage.
“Hand me the other pillow, please,” he tells him, and when Sherlock does, he smiles at him and nudges his thigh. “Up,” he orders softly, and Sherlock lifts his hips to let him arrange the pillow under his lower body.
I smirk and rub my eyes with the heels of my hands. I feel a little better already, but she’s right.
"You shouldn't forgive so easily," he replies, desperate to make Sherlock understand. "I'm an adult. I haven't spoken to my parents for over twenty years. I make my own decisions, and I decided wrong. Nothing to do with my father, really."
to lounge in his own sitting room and have tea,” I answer. “I wasn’t expecting to be ravished… I apologise for delaying the proceedings.”
John looks down at where he kneels on the floor between his legs and swallows thickly before gripping the edge of the mattress to brace himself.
badly…" John murmurs this under his breath, his finger sliding inside up to the first knuckle, then up to the second. "Always so tight, so
John decides that words will probably not be enough to get the other man to relax, so he just leans forwards and kisses him again. Then he glances down and smiles.
Sherlock is not touching him in any way, but just staring at him with a look of absolute, undisguised desire on his face, and John knows that it’s up to him now. If he wants this to continue, he’ll have to make the next move.
When they started working together again and re-built the flat, he tried to say sorry. They were on the couch, tired from a day of moving rubble and cleaning sooty furniture, and John started to apologise then, but Sherlock interrupted him and said he wanted a fresh start, and that it was okay. He said he'd made mistakes, and that he didn't want John to feel bad. He looked at him so pleadingly, his whole expression raw and open and so very vulnerable, that John, overwhelmed, nodded and dropped the subject. They never talked about it again. John recalls sneaking glances at Sherlock's face afterwards and yearning to reach up and wipe away the smudge of dirt that stained his cheekbone, and he also recalls the warm, pulsing sensation spreading in his chest as they sat together in silence, drinking their tea. He didn't have a name for it then.
When they wake up from their unplanned nap and wander into the kitchen, naked underneath their dressing gowns and desperate for a hot, honeyed drink to soothe their dry throats, they find a note propped up against the tea pot. It smells faintly of violets.
I did it?” John blurts out, aware that he’s not dealing with this in the most ideal way, but unable to stop himself.
moments like that? He fought down his anger, biting his lip until he almost drew blood and wishing he'd had more wine, wanting nothing more than to get it all over with fast, to pound into the woman lying in bed with him, into any random body, really, until he'd stop thinking, until he'd spend himself and be finally,
He gasps and grips the armrests of his chair to steady himself, his heart pounding, his chest heaving with shuddering breaths.
“Okay,” he says, hearing his desire turning his voice deeper, rougher, and in Sherlock’s gaze he can see that it’s having an effect on him as well. “I’ll make you feel even better now…” He gets up on his knees. “And please… don’t hold back. You make such wonderful sounds… They turn me on so much…”
Sherlock doesn’t return the smile, but just fixes his eyes on John’s and then bends down to lick his left nipple. A jolt of pleasure shoots through John’s nerves.
"Yes," John answers and kisses him. He tastes of salt, and Sherlock hopes that this is caused by sweat rather than tears. "Want you. Now."
Sherlock, heart full to bursting, gets behind John's prone form and hugs him, kissing along his neck, his spine, his sides. There are things inside him that want to break free, words he wants to say, but he's scared of the consequences, so he tries to put his feelings into actions that John might be able to translate, and that eases at least some of the ache behind his ribs. His right hand makes its way down John's flank and between his buttocks again, where he tests the waters with a few gentle dips into his slick warmth.
She presses her lips together and then takes another sip of her drink. John looks out of the window even though there’s nothing to see out there.
John's voice crackles through the phone connection, hitting Sherlock's ear with such shocking intensity that he feels he could reach up and
He carries her over to where John is standing with Rosie’s purple school bag slung over his shoulder, still slightly out of breath from climbing the stairs, and he smiles. It’s the small, almost-shy smile John has always adored—the one that’s accompanied by a look of affection from underneath long, dark lashes. The fact that he’s wearing protective goggles does nothing to lessen the effect—in fact, if anything, it only makes him more adorable.
They keep going. John has no idea what time it is or for how long they’ve been at it by now, and he doesn’t care. His whole world right now is Sherlock, there in his arms, giving him all of himself, and nothing else is important anymore.
He turns around in Sherlock’s embrace, happy that the other man doesn’t seem to want to let go of him, and looks up into those incredible, incredible eyes.
“Mm-hmm…” Even though I approve of the idea, I am too drained to answer properly. Getting up and moving to his bedroom will consume all the strength I have got left. “Tomorrow.”
had a relationship before – how come I’m better at this than you?” He reaches up with both hands to ruffle his own hair. He looks so frustrated. “This version of you – it’s not the John Watson I fell in love with.”
"No, Sherlock," he answers. "I really don't think so. I wish you were feeling better today, of course I do, but sitting here like this… with you… is all I ever want. As long as we're together, I'm okay. Please… just relax."
Glancing up again, he sees Sherlock's head loll from left to right, his expression slack and spaced-out, his eyes now closed in abandon.
He kisses with his whole body, Sherlock notices, coaxing his mouth open and licking into it again and again, tilting his head this way and that, each new angle giving him new sensations of blissful intimacy of a sort he's never known before, and he desperately tries to keep up and give back, but John's technique and the fact that his own experience with situations like this is limited (or almost non-existing, if he's being completely honest, since it mostly consists of theory rather than practice) make it difficult to reciprocate the way he's sure he's supposed to.
His lids flutter and he draws me even closer against himself, leaving not an inch of air between our bodies.
I swallow. Images of him being caned, bleeding, screaming in pain appear in front of my inner eye, and my whole body turns cold. I feel bile rising up inside of me.
“No, John. You haven’t let me down. And I won’t let you down now by telling you things that will endanger your life.”
My voice is vibrating with the impact of his movements, and I dig my fingers into his buttocks, feeling them clench and unclench in my grasp. He's so, so good.
mind…" John gets on his toes and nudges his ear with his nose, sending a warm puff of air across his skin. "Tell me."
The image lasts forever, and he feels nauseated by it. Even as he drifts in and out of consciousness, the nightmare persists, showing him John John
Sherlock hums in agreement and puts his own hands on John’s chest to unbutton his shirt, still kissing him, getting bolder now and using his tongue to pull at John’s in a way that makes his legs go weak.
"It makes interaction difficult at times," he says, and John is sure it takes him a lot of effort to admit to being helpless and out of his depths.
draw it out, make it last forever, push Sherlock towards the edge again and again. He's in the mood for it.
“I’m tired of being the one who tells you what to do. I’m tired of being the one who’s in control. I’ve been in control for the last two bloody
“I’ll kill whoever did that to you,” he hears himself whisper, and he knows he will, if Sherlock tells him who it was. He’ll find them and take revenge.
John cringes at Greg in what he hopes he’ll understand as sympathy. Then he feels Sherlock’s eyes settle on him and pierce him with one of his uncanny deducing looks. It’s like being x-rayed, and John meets Sherlock’s gaze and just lets it happen.
"Just thinking about getting older, is all," he replies, fighting to keep his tone light. "It's stupid, really."
"Hello, John," he answers lightly. "That was absolutely beautiful. I've never seen anything like this before."
He puts the napkin into the small wooden box that holds all the things he simultaneously wants to remember and forget: his dog tags, some faded photographs of his parents and Harry, and the cue cards Sherlock used for his wedding speech and then left behind when he stole away without saying goodbye.
Even after they’ve put Rosie to bed and got beneath the covers themselves, John suppresses the urge to ask about it. But when Sherlock turns down the duvet and lies on his back with his long fingers splayed over his stomach, staring up at the ceiling in pensive silence, his eyes are dark and sad, and John can no longer ignore it.
John leans back so that he can look at him. Sherlock freezes, his eyes echoing all of the trust and love that had been wrapped in the earlier kiss. “John,” he says a bit feverishly. “I couldn’t bear it if Rosie’s childhood were like mine.” He swallows thickly. “I care far too much for her.”
“I’m impressed,” he whispers. And then, raising his hand to brush a few stray strands of hair that have fallen into John’s forehead aside: “Thank you.”
Opening his heavy lids takes an immense effort, and the insane way shapes and colours merge to make up a distorted image of his living-room makes Sherlock's head swim.
I’m imagining it, and I know that he is, too, because he moans and turns his head and then opens his mouth to let his tongue sneak out to taste the sweaty skin of his biceps. I’m not sure whether he’s seducing me on purpose, but it’s working. I’m almost crazy with desire.
“John,” he breathes, and I am astounded to see that his lips are quivering again. “If I am forced to, I will protect you with my life.”
It seemed like such a good idea at the time. He was so sure that John would be beside himself with joy to see him alive, that they'd go back to what they were before, that they'd live together again and everything would be alright.
Then a memory comes back to him that makes his blood run cold with yet another wave of shock and self-loathing.
Even when they were still only flatmates and he happened to come home to his friend slumbering in the living-room, completely exhausted from obsessing over a case, John often stood next to him for a while and watched his peaceful face, looking so much younger in those moments, and the careless slump of his long form draped in graceful postures across the couch, his chest rising and falling softly with deep, regular breaths.
"If you could go back---" she starts, and he pulls his hand out of her grasp and uses his right one to press it against his own chest. Even his arm is shaking now, and he clenches his teeth and wills his muscles to obey.
John pushes inside with small, barely-there thrusts until his loins are pressing against Sherlock’s arse and then looks down at him, his face flushed, his brow knitted in concentration.
“This is the afterglow we’ve been waiting for for two years,” I whisper against his mouth. “I told you we’d get it eventually.”
“I am unable to hold back, now that I have you here with me,” he replies, speaking right into my mouth. “I do like doors, yes… because they keep the world out.”
– when it happened. They'd been in a hurry to leave for a case and were collecting everything they needed to drop her off at Mrs Hudson's, and when Sherlock bent down to pick her up, she clung on to his arms and said: "Papa."
They're in the bath now, John sitting behind Sherlock, their slippery limbs sliding against each other and fitting themselves into spaces they haven't occupied in a while.
Sherlock watches him approach, so far below, and feels his heart break. It's a silly, meaningless trope, he knows that, but he's
– depended on it. I’m tired now. You say you’re sorry for everything – why don’t you just finally do something, then? I don’t need apologies. I need you, the strong you, the one that holds me tight, the one that--- that tells me to go and buy a fucking bottle of
Mrs Hudson furrows her brow, which makes her look more intimidating than you would ever expect from a petite elderly woman like her.
My hands ball into fists out of their own accord – I’m vibrating with fury and a helpless sense of confusion. What is happening here? Why are we fighting? Why is he saying all these horrible things?
He exhales a loud, relieved sigh and looks up to smile at me. Then he licks his lips, and his gaze turns hopeful.
"That bloke at the pub is laughing into his shepherd's pie right now, imagining us wandering around in a decrepit mansion and bumping into antiques, looking for a pensioner who's probably enjoying the autumn of her life lying by the pool in Spain or… or Eastbourne," he says through clenched teeth.
John shakes his head, wordlessly, and leans in for a soft, tender kiss. When they slowly pull apart again, Sherlock nods.
John bites his lip, hard, to keep himself in check. He wants to align himself with the body that's convulsing around his finger in time with the waves of pleasure running through the man sitting in his lap, wants to push in in
I fall silent, surprised by my own boldness, and wait for his reaction. He presses his lips together, then inhales shakily and attempts to speak.
His hands pulling at my jumper to get it over my head and off are distracting, and I feel silly standing there with my wrists still tangled up in the sleeves and my hair all tousled, but I manage to smirk seductively nonetheless.
This seems to be quite a stretch, even for someone as possessive as John. Sherlock feels his patience falter.
He's exhausted, and empty inside, and why not just end it all right here and now, before he drinks himself to death, or goes to jail for assault, or hurts any more women by fucking them and then dropping them as soon as he's sober again?
, I see. Are they getting uncomfortable already, hm? Should have bought some shorts instead. I’ve been hard ever since you took off your shirt, but my attire is hiding it well, see…?”
you like this… It’s so good, John… I could do this forever… I could just make you climax like this, feel your penis twitch against mine when you reach your peak... feel you bathe me in your warm release… It would be
Sherlock's face twists into an expression of such agony that John can barely take it – how is his mind coming up with images of Sherlock looking like that? He never looked at John this way when he was still alive.
John slides off his body and lies down next to him, and Sherlock immediately moves closer to snuggle up against his side. John is surprised, but tries not to let it show. This facet of his friend’s personality is new to him. He wraps his arms around the taller man, and Sherlock puts his head on his shoulder. John plays with his tousled hair and looks at the ceiling, breathing in the scent of what they just did, and he knows that this is what he wants, what he’s wanted all along.
Rosie’s teacher wanders over into to the newly-formed crowd of children. “Friends, let’s allow Mr. Holmes and Mr. Watson to settle in and take a seat, shall we? There will be plenty of time for questions later!”
, and so he does, eventually, with as much gentleness as he can muster in his state, and John tenses for a second and then lets go, lets him in, so
John caresses the soft bit of flesh between Sherlock's thumb and index finger, smoothing out the delicate skin there with his fingertip, then runs the pad of his thumb across his knuckles.
Sherlock's lips are the best, the sweetest ones John has ever tasted, and his soft, almost startled moan of pleasure and relief is the most beautiful thing he's ever heard.
He only ever talks dirty when in the absolute throes of passion, and he's always a little ashamed of it afterwards, but John's reaction makes him want to reconsider.
She hopes that when she's there, she'll see her beloved Rosemary again, her sweet chamber maid-turned-lover, and she also hopes they'll find the locket she was wearing when she died and which that devil of a husband didn't notice when he immured her body, the one with hers and Rosemary's names and pictures in it, and draw the right conclusions.
“Okay,” I say. “Why didn’t you tell me that it was still upsetting you so? You said it was alright. You… lied to me.”
It's loud, and desperate, and he's embarrassed by it. He doesn't know what to do, and he's tired of being strong. His world is falling apart.
“You’ll have to keep your own bedrooms, of course,” Mrs Hudson continues, disregarding his questioning gaze, her tone entirely business-like. “And you’ll make both of them look like they’re being used. All those comings and goings of clients and the police. There’s only so much I can do to keep you safe.”
“Sorry about the soreness,” I mumble against his lips. “But this was the best blowjob I’ve ever had. The fucking
He follows the path his fingers take with his lips, planting tender kisses here and there as he makes his way down his front. Then he has to stop to pull the shirt out of the waistband of Sherlock’s trousers, and there’s the last button. And when that one has been opened as well, the only thing left is skin; milky white and perfect, dusted with small clusters of freckles and gleaming in the moonlight filtering in through the curtains.
It’s so incredibly tight inside of him, almost to the point of pain, and his rhythm and the vibrations of his voice are pushing me towards the edge so fast that I barely have time to warn him when I feel it start.
you. In more than one way. I knew what I was doing. And you just kept coming back for more. I promise I'll never do something like that again, I
“We need to lock the door,” he says throatily, his nose almost brushing my own. “It’s too dangerous.”
I smile at him and move my hips in slow circles to enjoy the ripples of the aftershocks running through my nerves, and he follows my movements and hums lowly, apparently savouring the sensation.
“Why are you staring at me? It’s getting creepy,” John says, getting up from his chair to face the man watching him from across the room.
John reaches over and runs his fingers along Sherlock's temple, and the other man rolls on his side and props his chin up in his hand.
"I loved wearing this," John says lowly as Sherlock pulls his T-shirt off his body and drops it to the floor, where it joins the dressing gown already pooling at his feet. "It smells of you…"
John, serious again, reaches across the table and for Sherlock's hand, which is resting next to his wine glass. Entwining their fingers, he says: "I'm so glad you're feeling like this tonight, my love."
When he reaches the top of Sherlock’s buttocks and caresses the two soft dimples at the base of his spine, Sherlock huffs into the kiss, rocking his hips, pushing himself against John’s front and trapping their erections between their bodies. John cups his arse to encourage his movements and helps him to establish a lazy, dragging rhythm of back and forth. They keep it up for a while, kissing and grinding against one another.
Normally he finds Sherlock's indifference when it comes to what other people call general knowledge and he views as useless information cluttering his hard drive endearing, charming even. But not today.
“I am nervous, too,” I tell him, upon which he looks back down at me with an incredulous expression. “I
Though it’s still chilly outside, the sun is out, and the three of them elect to walk home. They stroll together hand-in-hand, Rosie skipping down the pavement between them.
Sherlock grimaces. He wants to tell him that everything's going to be alright, that it's all just a hoax, that he's predicted Moriarty's intentions and has taken precautions.
Even if Sherlock manages to get clean (and John doubts he will, from the way things are looking right now), it won't ever be the way it was before… everything. He wonders if it's even worth trying.
"So sorry!" he apologises when he almost bumps into an elderly couple, speaking over his shoulder, and for a moment he catches Lily's eyes.
with severe anger management issues, and I keep hurting the one person in the world I love the most."
And then there's also the question whether Sherlock could ever feel the same. Does he feel these things at all? Could he feel them for John, in spite of all the times John hurt him – both with words and his hands?
All of a sudden, John's hand is gone and he has let go of him and sat up, but Sherlock doesn't really have time to mourn the loss, because a few seconds later he's back, getting on his knees and grabbing Sherlock's legs to manoeuvre them around his hips.
John steps behind him and begins to rub his back with long, slow strokes, both of his hands sliding up and down the fabric of his shirt in a bizarre kind of impromptu massage, and somehow he manages to stop wondering what this is. It's calming and confusing at the same time, but he's not as scared of it anymore. He just stands there and lets it happen.
I breathe him in. He smells of tea and warm toast and his spicy, woody aftershave. I'm drowning in his scent, and I never want to come to the surface again. I'll stay here, surrounded by him, forever.
, I mean – was a very long time ago. But it was only sex, and not… making love. I've never had a lover before."
As soon as he's sure that his face is not going to betray him and his churned-up emotions, he turns his head and opens his eyes, still caught in a strange limbo between pleasure and guilt.
" He bites the inside of his cheek, his gaze turning desperate, like he's regretting bringing the topic up in the first place. "I'm rubbish at this… I'm sorry."
Later, John goes and takes a walk in the park with Rosie, bending down and kissing the top of Sherlock's head before he leaves, and Sherlock senses that he's giving him space and is grateful for it.
The other man is hard now, too; John can see it clearly – there’s an impressive erection tenting his too-tight trousers, and his too-tight shirt has been distracting him all night anyway. Why does he always wear his shirts so fucking
Lestrade gives me an awkward half-hug, his face pale, his eyes red. He likes Sherlock a lot, I know. Anderson and Donovan express their condolences as well, but I refuse to shake their proffered hands. I ask them if they’re happy, now that he’s gone. I tell them they helped with it. It gives me a dark kind of pleasure to see their faces fall. They shuffle away. I hope they won’t be able to sleep tonight.
He obeys and lifts his arms, and Sherlock pulls the jumper up and over his head and drops it behind himself carelessly. He then mirrors John’s actions from before and divests him of his shirt, albeit a little faster and with less detours caused by kissing his torso. (Their difference in height would make that sort of difficult; John has to give him that.)
I swear to myself that now that he’s back, I won't make the same mistakes again. All I want now is to show him that he’s not wrong in giving me a chance.
“Can we watch a movie after dinner?” she asks, oblivious to the moment she’s just interrupted, stepping closer to wrap her arms around their legs. “Please? I know it’s not the weekend yet, but today is a special family day, right?”
John stares at him, his jaw set, and Sherlock comes back to his senses. It's unnerving how little he is able to read him in moments like this.
John bites his tongue to distract himself from his own need and gently cups Sherlock’s testicles in his palm, rolls them between his fingers, and sneaks a fingertip further down and back to brush his perineum.
His voice dies in his throat, because suddenly Sherlock reaches up and then trails his fingers from John's shoulder down to his elbow, caressing his arm, and then he closes the distance between them to stand right in front of him, so close that John has to tilt his head back to properly see his face.
I’m reduced to a very basic form of speech by now. Although I wish we could do this forever, the rational part of me knows that if I don’t stop now, the whole thing will be over much too soon. I want to come down his throat, want it so much, but I also want to draw it out. We’ve waited too long for this – a quick, over-enthusiastic orgasm will not do that justice.
Moriarty, of course," he answers, and it doesn't come out quite as loftily as it used to in the past. Nevertheless, John can tell he's doing his best. "
After dinner, Mary tries to instigate sex, but he manages to turn it into some cuddling on the couch. He tells her he's tired, that the convention cost him his weekend and he's feeling it by now, and she accepts it.
"I don't know how you managed to fake your death," Sherlock says, his voice still shaking, but containing a lot more venom than only a moment ago. "But you're not going to bother us again. I won't let that happen. Not this time." He's whispered the last part, and John has to strain his ears to hear him. "You're not going to take him away from me. I'll die before I let you take him away from me."
John furrows his brow at her; he senses foul play. “Have you already asked Papa and he said no?” he wants to know.
"I couldn't keep it from you. Not because you'd deduce it anyway - and you would. I told you because I don't want anything to stand between us. It would have been like lying to you, and I--- I couldn't do that. You're too important to me. I don’t have the words to tell you
it. But he can't deal with this kind of sentiment, not on top of everything else that's going on today.
It takes him a while, but eventually his breathing evens out again. He presses a chaste kiss onto my collarbone, then sighs deeply, molding himself against my side.
"I don't think I've ever been in love before," he murmurs at last, sounding almost shy and thus completely and utterly unlike himself. "But from what I gather, that might be a very good explanation for what's going on inside of me whenever I look at you. I suppose I'd have to… experiment."
“Well,” he responds, his eyelids growing heavy. “If it will truly make Rosie happy, I suppose I’ll consider it.” As he begins to drift off, John can see the tension pouring off of his body like a rainstorm.
Now I look at his tense shoulders and the tips of his ears visible amidst a mass of dark curls and ask: “Do you want me to move out?”
John smiles and shrugs, thinking about how much he wants to kiss that doubtful pout away and whether he'd find favour with Sherlock if he tried.
"Just to make absolutely sure," Sherlock breathes, and John wouldn't have thought it possible that two eyes could ever hold this myriad of emotions, of fears and questions and
“What about…” I crook my finger and find the small bump protruding along his tight passage, nudging it with my fingertip. “This?”
He's done nothing to upset him, has he? John usually lets him know if something's "a bit not good"; they've by now established a dynamic that works quite well – he tries to be more mindful of what he says and does when it comes to issues that concern their relationship, and John informs him on the occasions when he gets it wrong.
, he's well aware that that is not really true. He knows that solving crimes is his first addiction, and that he can manage as long as the cases keep coming, but that it gets bad the moment he's free of the challenge, and that the drugs help with that, that they ease the strain and make life bearable until the next riddle comes along.
Sherlock shakes his head, but doesn't answer. John's heart rate picks up – has he changed his mind? Has he just decided that he doesn't want this, can't do this after all?
“You’ve thought of everything. We’ve got Mycroft’s men working right now to track down and observe Moriarty’s people. You’re several steps ahead of him at all times. You’ll take him down, his whole network, and we’ll clear your name, and then everything will go back to normal. Soon, Sherlock.”
I’ve never experimented with putting anything inside my body, but rather enjoyed being the dominant part when it came to physical relationships, somehow assuming that being the strong male lover and having something shoved up your arse are mutually exclusive. So far I’ve never felt that I’ve been missing out.
Sherlock bites down on his bottom lip, looking incredibly young for a second or two. His irises have turned dark; they're almost all pupils.
I know his pain is not going to go away just like that. We’ve only numbed it a little. He’ll feel worse again soon, and it will take a lot of time and effort to help him heal. But I’m not scared of it anymore.
He feels a bit silly saying this - he's quite a bit older than Sherlock, yes, but he doesn't have a teacher/student kink. Sherlock's eyes, however, tell him that he's done something right, and the way the other man's chest and abdomen begin to move against his body in time with his quickening breath leaves no doubt as to the kinks
“John,” he mumbles into the space between us, his breath a mixture of black tea and a unique scent that must be his.
Two: John with a beard, a full one (not like that ridiculous moustache he sported when I returned from Serbia) is a sight to behold.
“I’ll be there when you come back,” I tell him and put my hands around his face. “There’s only you, Sherlock.”
“You have to tell me if it hurts,” I say, carefully working my way past the second ring of muscle. I know he cannot consciously control that one, so I massage it with gentle pressure until I feel it slacken around my finger. “We’ll go slowly.”
He gets under the covers with me, fully dressed, and nuzzles my ear. It tickles. I'm amazed at the sensation my brain is making up. It feels so real. He's always beautiful to me, but this beard… It makes him look more masculine, somehow, a little more dangerous, and it brings out the colour of his eyes in a way that makes my knees feel weak.
When he comes to again, John is just about to sneak out of the room. Sherlock knew that he wouldn't stay and tries to ignore the sting of disappointment the sight of John's bare, sweat-slick form disappearing through his door provokes in him. He watches him go and hopes he'll drift off soon, but then John stops in mid-stride and freezes, a mere sliver of him still visible through the half-open door, and even Sherlock's sex-muddled brain can tell that he's fighting a battle with himself. He's probably weighing the pros and cons of whatever it is that they're doing here, probably asking himself how best to tell Sherlock that it's better if they stop while they still can.
He gets up. Somewhere in the back of his mind a slightly panicked voice warns him not to do anything rash now. If he goes downstairs and finds Sherlock there, what is he going to say? What is he going to
“Don’t be alarmed,” he says lowly. “There are parts of me that have changed since you last saw them.”
Slowly, I feel myself calm down, and my mental capacities return to me. I'm kissing John Watson. He wants it. It's not a dream this time.
He jerks in my arms, then moans lowly and obeys, and I reach down to find his manhood, which is trapped between his thigh and the mattress, leaking freely, already having left a considerable stain on the sheets.
"Mmhhh… Good morning," a low, slightly hoarse voice murmurs into his hair, and then there are soft lips nipping at the shell of his ear, a hint of teeth, and a long, slow exhale of hot air that makes him shudder from head to toe.
While I wait for them to arrive, I clean the flat. I go to the shops. I put fresh sheets on both our beds. I cook chicken curry and put it in the fridge to be warmed over later. I try to watch TV. I take a shower.
“Enticing as it may be - let’s save that for another day,” he suggests, his voice breathy and young. “Maybe for the next time we have to go to the Yard. I might just hide in a back room with you and pin you against the door.”
Sherlock sits down on his rickety motel bed, nursing his arm. He knows he should go and clean himself up so as not to get too much blood on the bedsheets, but he's exhausted, and a minute of rest might help to get rid of the dizzy feeling slowing down his brain right now. He hopes it's not another concussion. They won't ask about the sheets, he thinks as black dots dance across his field of vision. This establishment has seen worse.
Sherlock quickly leans in before John is able to defend himself, opening his mouth against John’s neck and biting down teasingly. “Hilarious, John,” he deadpans.
Sherlock finally turns onto his side to face John, pinning him with his beautiful, almond-shaped eyes. John thinks to himself, as he nearly always does, that he could get lost in those eyes for a hundred years and never be the wiser.
“Will you have some breakfast with us, Mrs Hudson?” he then asks softly. “Or at least a cup of tea?”
Growling around his hardness, John removes his hand from its place between Sherlock’s legs to slip his fingers between his lips right next to Sherlock’s cock, provoking another full-body shudder to run through his friend’s muscles. He slicks the fingers up until they’re dripping with saliva and then puts them back between Sherlock’s cheeks, spreading the wetness there.
They look down simultaneously to see Rosie, who’s lying on her back by now, grinning up at them. When she notices that she’s got both men's attention, she reaches up and touches Sherlock’s face, first his nose, then his mouth. He looks surprised, almost taken aback, but then his gaze softens and he smiles at her and pretends to nip at her fingers, making her laugh.
“Fine,” John sighs. “We’ll discuss the Edinburgh case, but perhaps we scrap a few of the details? Such as the part where we found the victim’s entrails in a chest of drawers at his girlfriend’s house?”
“It’s going to be alright, Lily,” he tells her, not believing a single word coming out of his own mouth. “They’ll get it under control.”
“I’ll never leave you, Sherlock,” I answer quietly. “Never. You’ll never be alone again. I’ll be by your side, whatever comes our way. Okay?”
"Not sure if you swing both ways, but… give me a ring if he fucks it up," she tells Sherlock and points at me with her thumb.
“I do!” John snaps, his voice muffled by his own hand and Sherlock’s shoulder. He doesn’t deserve to be held, but he can’t bring himself to break free. “I hurt you!
"Sit back for a moment," he says, and Sherlock lets go of him and does so to give him room to slick himself up with another handful of oil.
He tucks himself back into his boxers, leaving his trousers open because he’s still hard, and then carefully lowers himself down to the floor, wrapping his arms around the man sitting in front of him in the process.
He's not sure he'll ever be over it, even though he knows he has to try to make John stay. He couldn't cope if John went away again, if he left him here to his own devices. He'd probably do something very, very stupid.
Sherlock presses out a low sound somewhere between a growl and a sigh and comes, his release pulsing against John's stomach and chest, so hot, and John tongue-kisses his shoulder, licks the salt off his skin, and finally allows himself to fall as well.
Now, three months later, Sherlock wonders whether that’s still true. They’re in bed, kissing, which is quite nice, but they’re also
If all of this wasn’t so terrible, he’d laugh. Hasn’t that always been John’s favourite way to deal with everything even slightly uncomfortable, and hasn’t he, Sherlock, always mocked him for it?
- jeans to push them over his hips and down his legs, enjoying the sensation of his knuckles brushing against soft skin and downy hair, and then he gets down on his knees in front of him to help him step out of them and slip off his socks.
I shudder and buck against him, almost throwing him off me. My moans sound too loud, too shameless to my own ears, but I can’t bring myself to care. It's so strong, this feeling. I'm falling. I'm going
Then I put my hand on the cold stone, thinking about the stranger in the coffin. He’s helped us. Nobody asked him if he wanted to. I wonder if somebody, somewhere is missing
Sherlock looks away then, his lips quivering, and blinks a few times. John has seen him cry before, but the slow, silent tears trickling out of the corners of his eyes now are new to him. It stings to know he's the reason for them.
“Don’t you lose your nerve now, Sherlock. Of course you will. I’ll wait for you. I’ll--- I’ll wait forever.”
Alright. The original plan was to offer her tea, or a glass of sherry, but apparently Holmes has decided to make fast work of it. I am not at all sure whether I think that his way is better or worse than the tea-and-sherry route, but I know that I am about to find out. I have no choice now, at any rate. Mrs Hudson frowns.
Both our heads snap up and around so fast that I’m surprised not to hear them make a swooshing sound in unison.
He's not very scared of dying, but he can't bear the thought of losing John – it causes him physical pain to contemplate a scenario in which John goes away and leaves him behind. He couldn't function. He couldn't
Sherlock can’t hide the smile this brings to his face, so he takes her into his arms and hugs her tightly. She wraps her arms around his neck and pulls him downwards to kiss the top of his head, imitating his earlier gesture.
This feels nothing like when he does it on his own, not even remotely. For one thing, John feels different – thicker than himself, and slightly shorter, Sherlock finds as he strokes up and down loosely to get a feeling for him, and there's a curve to his length that would probably be perfect to hit---
"Listen," he says carefully. "I noticed him looking at me, and when he started acting all superior I---"
He is interrupted by a deft knock on my door, the vigour of which I recognise even before Mrs Hudson’s voice rings out to verify my deduction.
Sherlock doesn't reply, but just licks the last blob of tiramisu off his spoon, making a show of it, and raises one eyebrow.
"You make love in your head," he likes to say and smile at him. "Let it happen. I'll always catch you. Always."
The onslaught of it all is almost too much for him, even though he wouldn't stop doing this, touching John, kissing John, for the world. Even if it drives him out of his mind. Even if they'll never do this again after today.
John bites his nipple, then licks around it to soothe the slight sting, humming to himself like he's savouring the taste. His voice has taken on a deep, husky timbre it only ever gets when they're intimate, and Sherlock loves how it vibrates through him whenever John speaks or utters a sound of pleasure, how it crawls beneath all the tough walls he's built around himself and touches places inside of him he never even knew existed before John took him to his bed for the very first time.
I wait for him to elaborate, but he doesn’t say anything more. I stare at the opposite wall and wonder if I should ask him what he means, but then he nuzzles my neck and kisses me there, and I press my mouth against his forehead and close my eyes.
"Thanks, Mrs Hudson. I really appreciate the offer. But I don’t want to bother you too often. And we don’t have a case at the moment, so---"
After everything was over, Sherlock returned to his destroyed home, sat down on the dusty remnants of his couch, and put it all in his mind palace, stored it in boxes and locked them away, because it was just too much to be dealt with all at once. The memory of John looking at him when they pulled him out of the well was the only one that didn't go into a box. He kept that one and took it to bed with him that night, and regardless of how much he told himself to be careful and not expect too much, too soon, he couldn't help but be a little happy for the first time in years.
him, and his hardness feels very hot, and very present as it slowly slips inside, but it doesn't hurt.
In a very remote corner of my mind, I find myself musing over the surprising ardency of Holmes’ advances, which does not only clash with everything I used to imagine when I allowed myself to reflect on the idea of
“I miss you too, Sherlock. Everything about you. The whole flat still smells of you. You’re all around me every day.”
He starts to cry in earnest now. His tears trickle into the fabric of the bedsheet, turning it a darker colour. When he rolls his head from side to side, I can see that he’s smiling blissfully, even as shaky sobs work their way out of his chest.
“Daddy! Papa!” she exclaims as they pass a small ice cream parlour. “Hudders says when you do something good, you get ice cream as a reward. I think you should have some ice cream, Papa.”
John shrugs. He's touched by this, but they've been through this particular topic before, and often.
He wants a quiet life, a life with Mary, and his job, and maybe they can buy a small house? A flat of their own would do as well. Maybe they can even have children, start a family. She's younger than him, so they've still got time. He's ready to settle down.
Sherlock is whimpering, groaning, restlessly running his hands through John's hair, and at some point he yanks at the duvet and shoves it aside, startling John a bit, but also giving him some much-needed cool air to suck into his lungs through his nose.
John nods against Sherlock’s neck, wrapping his arms around his waist and pulling him in tightly before echoing Sherlock’s words.
His eyes fall onto the napkin still lying on his knee. It’s a little crumpled and there’s a bit of sandwich sauce staining one corner, but it’s basically clean. It’s white, and much too stiff to wipe your mouth with comfortably.
John knows it might be unwise, but the opportunity is too good and the probability that Wilkes is looking down on them from up there in his fancy office is too high. He puts his hand on the small of Sherlock's back and steers him towards the cab, ignoring the look of confusion being directed at him in response.
After tea, Mrs Hudson leaves and John puts Rosie in her cot for her afternoon nap. When he gets back to the living-room, Sherlock is sitting in his armchair, apparently waiting for him to join him.
Sherlock would never admit it, but his brother's concern touches him somewhere deep inside. They never really got along, it's true. But Mycroft is his safety net, and he knows that he can't value that enough.
He’s been trying to drag his abdomen along the underside of Sherlock’s cock with every thrust, keeping the pressure steady, and he loves the way he can feel the two plump globes of Sherlock’s testicles pressing against his body, so full and soft and silky. This experience is more intimate than the kind of sex he’s known before, but he can’t explain why it feels like that – it’s probably to do with the
I enter him again, and if his reactions from before were sexy, then the ones he gives me now are pure and blazing
He nods, but does not answer. Instead, he embraces me, ever so tenderly, and hides his face in the crook of my neck. I push my nose into his matted hair and inhale his scent, marvelling at the warmth of his scalp radiating against my lips.
"Sherlock," he tries to reassure him. "If it’s bothering you for some reason, or if it’s too much, too soon, just say it, okay? It’s alright – I can take her downstairs and make breakfast. Or we can use your bedroom next time. It’s okay, really."
“I’m operational in all the essential places,” I tell him as he slips off his socks and throws them behind himself carelessly. “And I should let you know that I want more than your hand.”
,” Sherlock hums, sounding oblivious to everything around him, his guard down, his whole being open and trusting and
I comply, dumbfounded, and move between his legs, and he pulls at my shoulders to get me to put my weight on him. My penis is right next to his now, pressing against it, so hot, and wet, and
"Sorry," John rasps, still breathing hard, and pulls his fingers out of his body, slowly and gently, taking care to not irritate him any further. "Fuck. I'm
For the briefest of moments, he wonders whether it's a good idea to replace one addiction with another like this, with one that could destroy his life completely if he ever went too far, but John's fingers and his mouth and his lovely, lovely voice drive that thought out of his mind before it gets the chance to manifest itself.
“Where?” he asks, his voice rough, and puts his hand around Sherlock’s cock again. “Here?” He strokes him once and then moves his fingers down until he reaches his perineum and the pink, puckered opening a little further down. “Or down here?” he adds, whispering, his middle finger brushing the tender skin ever so lightly.
Sherlock inhales a long gulp of air and squeezes John’s fingers in his, briefly, before letting them go again. Then he nods.
John gives him a crooked smirk and goes down on his knees in front of him, his palms running over his hips, then his thighs, down the sides of his calves and to his ankles. Sherlock lifts one foot, then the other, to help him take off his socks. Once his feet are bare, John caresses up the back of his legs again, and then he cups his arse and pulls him in to nuzzle the crease of his thigh, inhaling deeply, filling his lungs with the warm, unique scent of Sherlock.
I brush my thumb across your sharp cheekbone and up to your temple, and then my fingers are in your hair, and I card them through the soft strands again and again until that is not enough anymore and I have to press my nose against your head, bury it in your ebony curls, inhale your sweet, familiar scent. Your head holds a mind that’s without equal – you’re brilliant, a marvel, a freak of nature, if you will, but you’re also still human. Most people don’t see, don’t understand that. They don’t even try. I’ve always known, ever since that first, wonderful day that turned my life around. You’re one of a kind.
Sherlock, still slightly disoriented, watches him sit back and ball his hands into fists between his knees.
The moment their mouths touch, Sherlock opens his lips and sighs softly, and then his tongue is there, rubbing against John’s in a tender caress. His large hands come up to cradle the sides of John’s head, his thumbs brushing the shells of his ears, giving him goosebumps all over. With a small moan of pleasure, John deepens their connection, catching Sherlock’s perfect Cupid’s bow between his lips to nibble and suck, then moves on to his plump bottom lip and grants it the same attention. He simply can’t get enough of Sherlock’s mouth, which was made for snogging in front of the fireplace—or anywhere, really.
My heart starts to hammer in my chest, and I look around myself as if expecting to find Mycroft standing at the next corner, watching me. There’s no one, of course.
Trying to push again, Sherlock can feel the difference right away, feels John follow his advice and push rather than pull away, and really, it's easier now. He's still quivering in discomfort, still breathing as if he had just been running a marathon, but he manages to take him inside, inch by slow inch, and when they're halfway there he rises onto his hands and hangs his head, moving backwards and into Sherlock's careful thrusts.
His heart jumps, adrenaline surging through his body. He stumbles a little as he's being dragged a few feet away from the roof's edge, and when he regains his footing and turns around, the person has already let go of him again.
He shuffles away, and a moment later I hear him rummage around in the kitchen, collecting utensils to make tea. I look at my own image in the mirror and sigh. We’re almost back to normal, it seems. But as much as I want that to be true, I know that it isn't. I know there are hard times yet to come, and not because of the scars he’ll always carry on his body.
,” he mutters and licks a long stripe from my Adam’s apple to my mouth, and by now I’m starting to suspect that there’s a little bit of oral fixation involved on his part.
Sherlock winces when John’s tip slips out of him, and John kisses his sternum in apology, feeling his heartbeat against his lips.
"I was just trying to convince myself that you're really here," Sherlock replies softly, and a slight hue of embarrassed redness appears high up on his cheekbones.
John grumbles deep down in his chest, the vibrations travelling through their connection and making the sensation better still, and then the teasing turns into a deep, filthy kiss that makes Sherlock's eyes roll back in his head.
Then his whole body begins to shake and he cries out in what sounds like blissful agony. There are tears in his voice, and John regrets not being able to see his face.
It's Sherlock's turn to gasp when John leans down and latches on to his neck to suck a patch of his skin between his teeth, then kiss the spot to soothe the sting.
It's Moriarty, John thinks wildly. Has to be. It's Moriarty, playing with their minds again. He's back. He's lured them here, and it'll all start all over again. Fear. Constant fear. And they've got Rosie now. She's not safe; none of them is safe.
"Mmhhh," John hums when Sherlock allows his hand free rein, and then he pushes himself up onto his knees, lifts his lower body a bit to give him better access, his lips still attached to Sherlock's pulse point. "Yes…"
, he realises, and then he wonders if that means that he's got a thing for blokes who never allow themselves feelings and what that in turn says about
John gives Sherlock twenty minutes to cool down, then deems it more or less safe to approach him again. He needs to make things right again – he can't lose the only person he's ever truly cared about since returning from the war, not over something like this. Not because
) Sherlock is mute, simply looking at John, allowing him to take him in, and John deliberately stares at his crotch, at his pink, semi-hard cock that’s resting on his thigh, and at the nest of ebony curls surrounding it. Sherlock's stomach begins to rise and fall slightly faster at that, and John licks his lips and meets his eyes again.
The atmosphere lightens over tea, and John is glad that it didn't need yet another long, painful talk to achieve that. While laying the table he watched Peter watching Sherlock, who was trying to pick up Alice when she showed him the biscuits she had arranged on a plate. Devoid of the strength necessary to do that, he had to go down on one knee to hug her instead, and John's stomach clenched at the sight, but he also saw Peter's eyes fill with tears that he didn't allow to fall, and after the incident the younger man's mood seemed calmer and much friendlier than before.
She blinks up at them, and John feels Sherlock’s ribcage vibrate against his back with silent laughter. John, suppressing the irritatingly pleasant shudder that runs down his spine at that, turns his head to stare at him, torn between amusement and indignation.
wants to go. He’s fooled around with the occasional army buddy, but he was never in love with any of them and it never went beyond giving each other a hand (or,
John’s heart wants to jump out of his chest and into the other man’s mouth, to make him shut up, to let him consume it, consume
Sherlock swallows and puts their foreheads together and lets his hand wander and probe, slicking that soft cleft between John's buttocks until everything's hot and slippery and there's nowhere else left to go but
"He always used up all the milk, but he'd never go to the shop to stock up, and now I always have milk, but I hate it, you know? I sometimes get teary-eyed looking at the fucking
But John… John will wait, won't he? Just like Sherlock can't function without John, John's life will not be complete without Sherlock. He'll return to him as soon as possible, and then he'll make up for it all, and they'll go back to how it was before.
Standing side by side by the window, we watch him being taken away into the night in his big black car and then look at each other. It's a bit awkward. I know him so well, so intimately, and yet it almost feels like we’re strangers right now.
Rosie insists on preparing dinner to give them some time with the kids and asks Peter to help her. Sherlock, John, and the girls retire to the living-room to play
He lifts his head, which obviously takes him a lot of effort, and squints at Sherlock from under a ruffled silver-blond fringe.
“Stop thinking…” he tells him and rolls onto his side to put his left leg over John’s hip, offering himself to him again. “Make love to me.”
“You protect his heart, Mycroft,” I whisper and fix him with an unwavering, steely gaze. “I protect his body. You wouldn’t want to find out which lengths I’d go to in order to do so.”
“It’s been a long day—I suppose I could use a shower. But thanks for pointing it out,” he mutters, slightly taken aback, upon which Sherlock hums lazily and nuzzles his cheek.
become an issue if we keep up this frequency) and my heart is hammering in my chest. I wonder if it’s always like this, and if this feeling will stay. I wonder if I’ll get better at communicating what I need, now that all our cards are on the table. And I wonder what would have happened if he hadn’t caught me in the act today.
John bites down on his bottom lip and takes a deep breath. He looks so beautiful, Sherlock thinks, and so sad.
When he turns around again and comes back inside, Sherlock squeezes his eyes shut and pretends to doze, bracing himself for the rejection he's sure will follow. How did he ever think they'd be okay like this?
“Hello, Watson,” he says as he kisses her cheek. “You mustn’t inhale that,” he adds. “I’m still not sure what exactly it does.”
She promptly herds the children back to their designated seats, and the other adults, who are hanging out in the back of the room quietly—all wearing approving smiles—watch on. John and Sherlock meet eyes once again. Sherlock’s face is overcome with relief, and John’s heart feels incredibly full. Because Sherlock is now free to be himself, finally, not only in a classroom of his peers, but Rosie’s peers as well.
Sherlock shudders. Then he nods and opens his mouth to nip at John's bottom lip, takes it between his own to coax his mouth open with gentle pressure, his tongue sliding out to dip against John's.
, like doing something that will ease the pressure inside his chest, but then Sherlock's hand is there, grasping his, so very gently, and keeping him from continuing to stroke him, and John jerks out of his helpless reverie and looks at him, wide-eyed and surprised.
He stops, the breath catching in his throat, and hopes John won't notice that he's lying. It's better for John. He'll be angry, disappointed maybe, but not sad. He can't bear the thought of John being sad.
I growl and kiss him again, open-mouthed and with a lot of tongue, just like I always imagined when we did it on the phone. He’s so warm down there, his opening soft and slightly damp against my fingers, and I rub small circles around it and then slip the tip of my middle finger inside. I’ve never done this before and I'm therefore not sure if I'll do it right, but I tell myself it’s okay. Learning by doing, John. The sounds he makes are incredible, and I push into his body with a few small, shallow thrusts – without lubrication, there’s not much more I can do.
He smiles fondly at Sherlock from across the pillow before setting a kiss on the tip of his nose. “No need to respond for a couple of days,” he says. “Let’s sleep on it, yeah?”
"Come on… Let's clean ourselves up and move to my room. I've got dry sheets… and lube," he says and grins again. "And we'll pick up a bottle of water on the way. You won't be leaving my bed all afternoon."
He didn't do that, of course. He felt ashamed for yearning for it so much. He'd never treat Mary like that - she deserves better. (
He can’t remember the last time he came like this – his cock is jerking violently into the wet heat of Sherlock’s mouth, he’s thrumming with pleasure all over, feeling light-headed, and the tips of his fingers and toes are tingling.
much older than you. In fact, I’m aspiring to be the last one standing tonight – after I’ve had my way with you.”
"What do I have to do to prove it to you? I'll do anything, John," he says, his tone desperate. "Anything."
He keeps going, slowly and steadily at first, then faster, a little harder, lulling himself into some sort of lustful trance until he forgets that his arm is cramping and his lungs are burning with exhaustion, and John keeps making those wonderful noises, groans and sighs and sobs that Sherlock will never, ever forget, and presses the back of his head against his shoulder in mindless ecstasy.
Sherlock looks at me with a sigh of regret and pulls away to sit up. I gasp when he slips out of me, and he grimaces in apology.
They're standing by the window, looking down at a rainy, wind-swept Baker Street. Dusk is approaching fast; the street lamps have already come on.
“Shooting was easy, much easier than I’d thought before I had to do it for the first time. The bomb was more difficult, because I was scared that I’d also hit innocent bystanders… and once--- once, I had to--- with a
fucking times, Sherlock! You were hurt when you came back, and I gave you more pain! I’m an arsehole!”
. And he himself is old. He wishes he could go back, only one more time, for one more day. Be young again. Protect his daughter from all the harm in the world. Run beside Sherlock, through the night, though the rain, and kiss him against the wall of the staircase of 221B.
“And sandwiches?” Rosie wants to know as she skips away. “Or biscuits? Or scones?” she babbles on, still giddy. “Oh! Scones! Please?”
Half a minute later, soft steps on the stairs announce the arrival of our landlady, and for a moment, Holmes’ eyes meet mine. They look apprehensive, but determined.
"Wanna stop?" he asks, and something wild and basic inside of him screams and begs for a no. He tries to ignore it.
"I can't imagine how you must feel, John," he tries again. "I'm sorry. I'm not good at this, as you know. I wish I knew what to say."
The wetness now covering their skin makes every touch feel ten times more intense, so he takes his time to caress Sherlock and himself from tip to base and back, over and over again; to rub the glistening heads of their cocks together and revel in the sparks of pleasure that particular contact sends up his spine. He’d be content to just keep doing this, slowly and lazily, until they both come all over his hand.
He slides his body against Sherlock’s side, chest to hip to toe, and cups his jaw in his free hand. Sherlock tilts his head into the kiss and puts the fingers of his left hand on John’s bicep. His right arm is trapped between their bodies, but he manages to run his knuckles along John’s thigh, and John shudders at the touch.
John closes his eyes as Sherlock unbuttons his trousers and pulls his boxers down until he can free his penis from the confinement of his clothes, and he feels his fingers tremble when he wraps them around his length to give him a first, careful stroke. Sherlock is being much more gentle than John expected him to be, and he lets his legs fall open completely now, giving himself over to the sensation.
He's made experiences with women that helped him to know how to make their lovemaking pleasurable for Sherlock and, which is even more important to him, how to avoid causing him pain. His medical training came in handy, too. But he's never been on the receiving end, and thus has no idea what to expect. Will it hurt? They took their time yesterday and Sherlock apparently enjoyed it a lot, and John doesn't think he lied to him when he asked him if he was comfortable. But what will it be like for him? What if he
His stomach is not completely flat, but covering the layer of strong, solid muscle that still tells of his military past there's a soft padding of fat that he wants to bury his face in and kiss, and suck, and bite. His bullet scar is a huge, hideous thing, but all it implies to Sherlock is that it brought him to him, all those years ago, and although he wishes he could have spared him the pain, he can't imagine a life without John Watson in it, no matter their past.
“Do you want my mouth, John?” he then asks, speaking right into my ear. “You can take it… I’ll let you take whatever you want…”
"Love is blind, they say," Sherlock replies bitterly, and John looks up again to stare at Sherlock's reflection.
"I'm ridiculously infatuated with you, John," Sherlock says and runs his knuckles along John's cheek, and all of a sudden John's heart feels too big for his chest.
“Whatever for?” he asks, and it is barely a murmur, subdued and soft and so eerily unlike his usual cool and concise way of expressing himself that to me it appears almost unreal.
He’s breathing heavily, his hands holding my head in a tender grasp, his long fingers caressing the nape of my neck.
"No, it isn't," he agrees. "It's terrible, and cruel, and I'd give everything to change the way things are. To make your father better. To be stronger. But I can't. And I can't live without him. I'm sorry for hurting you, for leaving you. You have to believe that. But I've made up my mind, and I hope you'll forgive me one day."
John gasps. Sherlock’s back is covered in scars – some gnarly and still red, some long and thin, like he’s been caned or whipped… or both.
“Oh,” Sherlock whispers and leans his forehead against John’s as he looks down to watch. John smiles and returns the pressure, allowing his fingers free rein.
I'm lying in my bed, the duvet pulled up to my chin, wearing only a t-shirt and my underwear. I've drawn the curtains, and in the room's semi-darkness everything looks soft and shapeless. I'm thinking of John, and his beard, and his voice, and I'm so hard that it almost hurts.
