"But you knew before then, didn't you?" He said, gloating at the flush in Mycroft's cheeks. "Oh, that's fascinating. Did
"We'll see if we can stop on our way home. We've still got a few more hours until we get to Monaco, darling, do you want some tea?"
The gold clock in the drawing room ticked. Tick. Tick. Tick. John Watson and Greg Lestrade-Holmes sat across from each other. The army captain was practically incandescent, fiddling with his hands, nervous energy building in his chest. Sherlock, Sherlock, Sherlock. Beautiful and sweet and brilliant and going to have tea with
“I’m getting a drink.” He turned and left and Ross furrowed his eyebrows. Well, that was a bit rude.
"Oh no of course not, they really ought to change the names of these things, it's horribly prejudiced, but all omegas and f-betas are technically allowed to join." She grinned, toodling off to fetch a pamphlet from a bench nearby, handing it to Sherlock.
"Mycroft, no. We've got a routine, you can't just upend that without explaining something. Hell, I haven't even seen you in a week!"
“Shh, that’s it, Sherlock, such a good boy,” Sherlock whimpered, “So obedient, so sweet, so brilliant,” John kissed Sherlock’s back in between the lengths of rope, his skin soft and warm. “Such a pretty little puppy,” Sherlock was petrified of his own arousal which was beginning to strain against his pants, his thin pyjamas probably revealing his secret, Sherlock wished he could see, hide himself. Sherlock closed his knees, but John slapped the inside of his thigh, forcing his legs open. John only smiled as he saw it. “Oh, you like that don’t you?” John chuckled and reached his hand down to help Sherlock with his problem, palming his erection, Sherlock whimpering and squirming, rutting against his hand. He pulled away and Sherlock almost wailed. “Shh, ask politely Sherlock.”
"Aw come on, scent him, John!" Someone cried, and the room erupted in agreement and laughter. Sherlock swallowed nervously, trembling slightly. John looked him in the eyes, quite seriously, eyes glowing warm and dangerous, holding tight to Sherlock's shoulders before leaning in and marking him, rubbing his own scent glands across Sherlock's the slight stubble of the alpha's chin scratching at Sherlock's delicate skin as their scents mixed. John breathed in a deep lungful of Sherlock, sweet and delicious and innocent, breathing out his own, musky and dark and powerful. He lapped his tongue softly at the crook of his neck and Sherlock felt faint.
"That's it, love, deep breaths, in, that's it, out, you've got it, sweetheart. Good puppy, that's a good boy, colouring so brave for me, Sherlock,
What was wrong with him? Giving into his baser natures, a meek, shivering little creature with no power over his own bloody instincts. Was that who he was now?
“I have to post your letter, sweetheart, but I’ll be in soon.” Sherlock nodded and pushed his face into a pillow, dark eyelashes fluttering closed as he yawned.
“Feeling better, baby?” John said softly, tucking a lock of chocolate curls behind his ear. Sherlock nodded.
"One of ours, love," Sherlock nodded, his body still wracked with shivers. Christ, snap out of it! The wood of the gangplank groaning as each woman climbed into the small ship, and Sherlock looked up to watch the sailors that looked down at them in some sort of amusement. Like they were mascots.
"I'm supposed to help you with dinner," Sherlock mumbled and Mrs. H clapped her hands together excitedly.
Mycroft to fire her, to let him have just one more chance, he could be good, please God no, not an alpha. His brother had waved him away, ignoring his pleas, even as she grew harsher and harsher, verbally and physically. Breaking him in, so to speak.
"mm, show me, sweet thing, how good you've been," Daddy nudged Sherlock off his lap before growling, "On your knees, little one"
"Shut up. I love you, but shut up," Sherlock growled, attempting to pull them towards the shore, he could barely see anything in the dark, "why are you smiling?!"
," He whispered into those precious soft, sopping wet curls, tucking them behind his lover's ears. Sherlock fell limp against him, and John pulled them on their sides, the knot still pulsing, binding them together, their bodies still hot and slick with sweat. John kissed along Sherlock's freckled pale shoulders, breathing in warm breaths, the thin, delicate boy so wonderfully claimed.
"I don't mind." Sherlock whispered, and John pressed a line of kisses along his neck, crawling up to his chin and stopping on the corner of his lips.
Sherlock smiled, a soft childish smile that radiated from inside. He curled his head further into the warm, broad chest of his alpha as they listened to the wireless. Some serial that John enjoyed, Sherlock didn't really care. His book lay shut by his feet as they cuddled, a tangle of limbs on the sofa. There was a knock at the door but Sherlock kept his nose pressed into the dark warm musk of
Sherlock's eyes were laden with tears as they walked through the train station. Mrs. Hudson had taken John's arm and they walked, Sherlock following with his hands stuffed in his trouser pockets, watching the floor as if it were the most fascinating thing in the world. John smiled and squeezed Mrs. Hudson's arm before planting a kiss on her cheek.
, it's nothing to concern you." John growled, baring his teeth, eyes dark. Sherlock whimpered and bowed his head. The old Sherlock wouldn't do this,
"Yes, bites, saliva too," Sherlock mumbled, crouching to look closer at the bites, examing one with his fingers, silvery cat-eyes flickering with earnest.
"What a turn up for the books, I'm rubbish too" He smirked and Sherlock giggle in spite of himself, if not only from nervousness. "Now come on, let's get out of here,"
Sherlock didn't look at him. Sherlock didn't move. He sat completely still, a rock, as he stared down at his feet. The silence was deafening- Sherlock hated that phrase, how could quiet be deafening? But, this, the awkward stillness of this stuffy room, his ears were ringing. His shoes were shiny- he could see his own reflection in them. He shifted in the hard back chair, the bandages and gauze squishing beneath him. He had not succeeded one bit. He knew it. Why Mycroft bothered with this appointment when it was clear that Sherlock was still a wretched, submissive, delicate
"Sherlock, you're bleeding!" Sherlock only keened, drowsily leaning his forehead onto John's shoulder. "Alright, that's it, we're going to hospital,"
John's eyes went dark. Deep dark pits of anger, storm clouds hazing their brilliant blue, and Sherlock shivered. John was reeking of alpha, and it was frightening. This wasn't John, this was someone else. Sherlock whimpered, slowly backing away, the mattress creaking. He moved to step off the bed but John was faster. He grabbed him by both arms and shoved Sherlock to the ground, his head hitting the floor with a thud, the world going dizzy for a moment as John seethed on top of him.
"Oh come off it." John smiled and Greg stood nervously next to him, eyes scanning the half full church. "Do I look alright? Jesus, I haven't been this scared since they tried to shoot the Viceroy." John slicked a hand through his hair nervously and Greg chuckled, reaching forward and straightening John's lapels.
"Mycroft please, please, help me, make it stop, make it STOP! It hurts, Mycroft," Sherlock whispered as the slot opened and a strong lure of alpha pheromones filled his nostrils, "please, you, you smell good, please stay," Mycroft sighed. Sherlock was still quite too young to understand scenting, mating, bonding, any of it. He probably didn't even know what a secondary gender
"Wait," Sherlock leaned forward and took the handgun from the dead german's body, giving him a glare, eyes flickering over his curly blonde locks and pale eyes, mouth hung open in a final gasp of surprise. He should've felt guilt, anything. But he didn't.
"You and Lestrade have a domestic?" Sherlock smiled, and Mycroft grimaced, reaching to grab Sherlock by the ear before he dodged away slyly and raced up the stairs, "Night night, brother dear,"
"You're in the army now, love," John said fondly, reaching and grazing the little ringlets, the omega biting his lip, eyes wide and full of guilt.
"You stop that talk this instant. Nothing you do can bring her back, so you need to buck up and deal with it. You're no use to your country like this. Do you understand?"
"You've put your maiden name your forms, any news for me?" Sherlock swallowed thickly, his face flushing immediately, his cheeks thumping with his pulse.
“You don’t mind, sir?” Sherlock was being coy. The dilation of his eyes and the flush in his cheeks-obviously John liked the idea.
“Oh relax, look, there’s an american over there,” She pointed to a corner and Ross did his best to contain his reaction to the creature before him. Tall, with salt and pepper hair, in blue robes, with a dramatic red cape around his shoulders. Something deep inside of him felt
"Come on, Sherlock, your friend asked us to leave, don't be rude," Greg pulled his hat back on and tipped it to Esther before clapping a hand on Sherlock's shoulder, giving him a strong look.
"No, mummy," Mycroft smiled sadly, looking with a slight mourning to his mother, pressing a kiss to her cheek as he left the drawing room, "He's my responsibility now, I'll see to him."
Sherlock had resigned to sitting on the plush sofa that was probably a thousand years old and smoking. A bit of a nasty habit for an omega, they say, but fuck them. A snappy dressed Greg made eye contact from across the room, excusing himself and bustling through the flood of black tie and cocktail dresses. He approached and put hands in his pockets before biting his cheek and giving Sherlock a look.
"To have and to hold," He placed his hand closer to his neck, brushing across the pale expanse of marble, "from this day forward, for richer, for poorer,"
"Love, please just call me John." Sherlock bit his lip. He ran a hand through his hair and sat back on his heels, the microscope sitting at his feet.
The younger boy shuffled on his knees and leaned forward, eyes locked with daddy's, lips opening slightly to press a warm kiss on the tip of it, lapping his tongue at the dribble of leaking pre-cum. A deep thunder filled John's chest as he gripped a fistful of curly hair, Sherlock shuddering, licking a bit more along the shaft, so unsure as to how to go about this. He wrapped his plush lips around the knobby end, slowly taking in the whole of it as to not involuntarily gag as it touched the back of his throat.
"The nursery, upstairs. Why do you have it?" Sherlock whispered, watching the buildings that blurred by. John swallowed and scrubbed at his chin, looking down and the table and clenching his fidgety left hand into a fist.
Martha Hudson had never been blessed with children of her own. She'd been close once, and knitted her heart away making baby clothes. It didn't take long before they all went into the missionary barrel. The elderly beta looked down into her tea, a single tear adding a hint of salt to the sweet amber liquid. She sniffled and stiffened her upper lip, placing the cup and saucer to the side for a moment. She leaned over and turned up the dial on the wireless before toddling over to start the dishes.
The phone was almost instantaneously in Gregory's ear, Mycroft's eyes wide, lip almost surely chewed through.
you." John opened his mouth to counter but the organ began to play, and everyone scrambled into their places. The Vicar smiled, holding his bible tightly and giving John the eyebrows. John swallowed and turned to the doors, his heart seemingly stopped in his chest. His nieces giggled as they spread flowers in their cute fluffy dresses, and his heart tightened. Someday, maybe, him and Sherlock would have children too. Beautiful little him-and-Sherlock's. The thought sent him reeling, so he rialed up his alpha to keep himself from fainting. He stood tall, parade rest. Feet shoulder width apart and hands folded behind his back. Clara came next, looking lovely as usual, with a small bouquet of flowers. She gave John a friendly smile before taking her spot on the other side of the aisle.
"Alright, Sherlock, can you tell me what street you're on, love?" Sherlock squinted through the panes of glass.
"Sherlock?" There was another knock on the door, a very concerned John on the other side. "Sherlock let me in." It wasn't exactly an order, but his omega instantly obeyed, letting go of the knob and crawling into the back corner, nose tucked into the wall, wiping his tears on the sleeves of his silky shirt.The door creaked open, and soon a warm, consoling smell, gunpowder and soft heather, filled his lungs, leaving him dizzy, tears budding up again in sheer relief. Sherlock looked up nervously to the alpha that stood in the hall in his uniform, his eyes fearful and wide.
"I'm afraid there's nothing to be done about that," Mycroft dismissed him, pulling out a file and returning to his work. Sherlock growled and stomped once more, the older ginger alpha eyeing him from above his spectacles.
“One last touch, princess.” Daddy smiled and wrapped a big red ribbon around his eyes, tying a big bow in the back. Sherlock gasped as he was plunged into a deep maroon darkness. He took a shaky breath- he couldn’t see, he couldn’t move! He squirmed in his bonds, the lights pressing into his skin harshly. “Shh, that’s alright, little one, you look absolutely perfect,” John’s breath was hot in his ear and Sherlock calmed at his voice. His helplessness became rather pleasant, completely at daddy’s mercy, feeling like a lovely gift under the tree. “Colour, Sherlock?” Sherlock took a deep breath and shuddered.
"Sher-Sherlock, calm down, he's too angry to mean what he says-" Greg's eyes flickered between the opposing brothers.
"I was thinking we might get away early," John whispered, breath hot in Sherlock's ear. The omega flinched and looked up shyly. He blinked, struck dumb by the radiant man who was sitting close...so so close...Sherlock swallowed, cheeks flushing, mouth open ever so slightly. John growled and moved to kiss him when they were interrupted by a loud voice beside them.
," Sherlock hissed, closing his eyes and trying to maintain his dignity. This pompous arsehole had forced him to repeat the sonata's opening lick five times. He sure as hell was not going to do it again.
could justify hitting Sherlock. He knew that. Fucking hell, he was so angry. He growled, fist clenching at his sides, and he hung his head in a deep low breath.
His eyes scanned over the rows of green before he settled on a twig in the corner, a teeny little tree that barely reached Sherlock's waist.
"You could be a film star, you know, or a model, you're so frightfully gorgeous, darling," John smirked and watched Sherlock intently as he went back into the bedroom.
"I know, Isn't it marvelous," John grinned, eyes still shut, and Sherlock stood awkwardly for a moment, the sweet luring smell of
"I know," Greg whispered, rubbing soft hands down his lover's biceps, pressing his lips to his husband's forehead, breathing in just a drop of his gorgeous scent. Like icy steel and peppermint. "We make sacrifices, we fight, we win."
Sherlock smiled to himself when he heard the door downstairs. The omega was tucked up in his bed, his curls lightly glistening with sweat and his skin rosy and just a little feverish to the touch. Hudders had set him up nice, with a cup of tea that currently sat cold on his night table. Sherlock nuzzled his head into the arc of pillows he'd collected from the house, blankets and old clothes all placed just-so, his nest warm and soft from the frigid night air. He bit his lip with a small breath of anticipation as heard boot-laden footsteps, even if his gait was dreadfully uneven and limpish as he came, slowly but surely up the stairs.He rustled a bit under his quilt and whined softly, hoping John might hear him.
"I hate you. I hate you, Mycroft, you're not my brother, and I HATE YOU!" Sherlock bit down on Mycroft's hand, and hard, before running, running as far away as he could.
"Oh of course, of course, you two are family," She gave Mycroft a sideways glance, who sat on her sofa, rubbing his temples drearily.
"Holmes, y'alright? Take a deep breath, that's an order," Sherlock sucked in a wobbly breath and blinked, his vision focusing. "There you are, sweetheart, you gave me a fright,"
"Hey, woah, woah, alright, we're getting some air," Sherlock was blurry as the hand on the small of his back led him through the dance, the music was getting louder, then quieter and Sherlock was cold, he was cold and he shivered. Something warm was around his shoulders and he looked up, sharp green eyes were staring at him, someone was patting his cheek.
Sherlock held the letters tight in his fingers, shaking fingers, pulling them to his nose and fighting tears in his eyes at their musky, comforting smell, his heart leaping inside his chest. Mrs. Hudson had sent them all to him, and the thought sent his stomach into knots. The girls were giggling as the post was passed around, lovers sending love notes, families back home. What did Sherlock have?
"And here I was thinking you had a lorry full of them, lining their pockets taxpayer money and whatnot," He deadpanned and she raised her eyebrows before swatting at him with her handbag.
"Please, let me prove I can do this, sir, I really can, I need to do this." Sherlock begged, his entire being throbbing from the sheer placation of begging. But some things were worth it. Alan paused, setting down his pencil and really
"Alright! I'm going!" The detective growled, shoving his hands in his pockets and leaving through the gate. Sherlock refused to watch him go, eyes fixed on something in the distance, heart heavy and eyes welling with tears he refused to let fall.
"Love, are you alright?" Sherlock only nodded, but John could sense something was wrong. The omega turned, eyes wide and frightened.
"Mind if I join you?" Sherlock's head snapped up to see Gregory, holding a thermos of tea. Sherlock nodded and looked back to the rising sun. "Brought something a bit stronger than tea," Greg held up a cigarette, which Sherlock greedily put between his lips, letting the older man light for him before sucking in the hot smoke into his lungs, the gravely burn smoothing out on a wave of nicotine.
“P-please, leave me alone, you’re not my daddy, please, go away,” The man only laughed and bit Sherlock’s ear. He yelped and tried to slide out of his grip.
"Sure, yes, of course you can help," Sherlock said quickly, and Greg tucked the keys into his pockets and smiled. Sherlock gave him a glare, and he turned around for a moment and flipped a silver six pence at Sherlock, who caught it in both hands and scowled.
"You don't seem fine, and if someone's broke your heart, we'll break 'im," She pat his shoulder and sat on the bench next to him, and Janine gave Sherlock a knowing look across the table.
John sighed, resting his hand against the bench and straightening the phone in his hand and rubbing his forehead.
"John is family too, you loon, now kiss me, I've got a speech to make and I need all the luck I can get."
"Lovely, yes." Sherlock whispered, fascinated by the mirror, the creature on the other side. He couldn't decide if he liked it or not. "Intelligent, no."
"He's going to die, Mrs. Hudson, I know it. I can feel it," He whispered, suddenly aware that the elderly woman had grasped his hand tight in hers and was sitting next to him. She scowled and shook her head, patting his hand.
"Sherlock, dearie, wake up," Mrs. Hudson shook the curly haired boy awake, and he jumped, icy blue eyes wide and searching, and Mrs. H gasped, "I'm Mrs. Hudson, dear, come on inside and lets get you a cuppa,"
"How can you say that? When my body is so disgusting, when I can't vote or drive or go anywhere without Mycroft's permission. If I weren't like this, I could be someone. But I'm no one, and I'll never be anyone and I don't matter."
"You're fucking insatiable John, honestly," Sherlock grumbled as John slowly pushed in, stretching horribly at the ring of muscle there. Sherlock grit his teeth and closed his eyes. This was
"I don't want you to go, John," Sherlock whispered, throat itching and voice teetering to the breaking point.
"Jawn, this is-" The omega's chest heaved as he was aroused, he'd have to double his dosage tomorrow, fuck.
She slapped him. Sherlock blinked and stretched his aching jaw before looking up to the older woman incredulously.
"just a guess," He mumbled. Daddy chuckled and placed a warm, firm hand right on top of Sherlock's thigh, brushing the hem of his silky pants, fingers ghosting his hips beneath them.
"Sherlock, are you proposing I rob those children of their father and that woman of her bondmate because of some rough handling? What do you think goes on in marriage? Love, honour, and
just a tiny lil update while I get my research together for the next chapter!! Historical AU's are the best and simultaneously the worst.
“Of course I was bloody scared, Sherlock,” He laughed and shook his head. Sherlock watched the bath water intently. John rubbed a soapy flannel across his back, “you’re
"let me help you out a bit there, Blitzen," Daddy smirked, unbuckled his belt and pulled out his cock, sending shivers through Sherlock. It was glowing red and stood hard and at attention. John smirked as Sherlock watched him attentively, doe-eyed and slightly fearful at it's sheer
John's teeth ground together as he marched down the pavement, his alpha reeking, the crowds parting. He growled as he walked, feet hitting the ground with punishing force, fingers grasping his briefcase with whitening knuckles. Fucking hell. Fucking hell! Seriously, beta women were granted suffrage
"Hi," The soft looking Scottish man approached him and shook his hand, "I'm John," Sherlock nodded, taking his hand and shaking it.
sorry, please don't leave me, Master, please," Sherlock's pitiful blubbering of apologies cut John to the core. No matter how John disciplined Sherlock, Sherlock's punishment for himself was always worse. Sherlock bowed his head to the floor, nuzzling his master's shoes, lapping at the polished leather, cleaning them of specks of North London mud. If he was in any fit state he could deduce exactly where, but instead he washed his shoes with tears, being extra cautious to lap away the blood that dribbled on them.
“Dr. Steven Strange.” They maintained eye-contact and Ross felt butterflies fluttering around in his gut, and he swore he could hear his heart beating. “This is Wong,” Ross nodded his greeting nervously and Wong only rolled his eyes.
"yoo hoo, oh hello boys, John this came for you," Mrs. Hudson toodled in, giving John a letter and patting Sherlock's hair.
Sherlock sucked in a deep breath and hit the table a few more times, snarling and growling. He was in control. He was in control. He wasn't in control, and he fell to the floor in a heap, tearing at his notes and papers with desperate claws and wishing he could tear himself to pieces as well. Rip himself in half, halves again, and again and again until he was only dust that billowed in a beam of light. He pulled up the pamphlet Molly had given him and ripped it in half too, that lovely shredding noise echoing through his ears, his eyes flashing with that glow of destruction.
The silence grew thicker, and Sherlock cleared his throat of pesky tears that were building inside of him.
"You know, I've seen omegas die before, and it's always tragedy. It was always because of what they were. But Janine didn't die that way. Janine died because she was brave, even when she didn't have to be,"
armchair, with that godawful umbrella twirling in his fingers. He opened his mouth to tell off his loathsome brother before he was interrupted.
“He alright?” He nodded towards Sherlock, who swiftly made his way outside, wrapped up tight in his coat.
"Put your clothes on, that's an order," She grasped her purse and glared at him, "don't make me knight you,"
this shouldn't even count as a chapter- on second thought writing this in June might not have been a good idea...
"Oh come on, don't be a spoilsport, you know what they're like, begging for it, I'd be doing the lad a favour- besides, he's as good as mine anyways."
s as Rudy quickly came to Sherlock's rescue, kneeling in his morning suit and wrapping arms around his hiccuping nephew.
"No, sir, I've been good!" Sherlock whimpered as daddy rubbed his hands along his harness, tugging at the straps a bit, rubbing at the skin beneath them. His hands floated to Sherlock's collar, grabbing the back with his finger, tugging on the soft leather and leaving Sherlock sputtering, breathless. His cheeks flushed red, his eyes wide and innocent as he applied extra pressure with his other hand, fingers gripping firmly, but gently, into his neck. Sherlock choked a bit as he whispered, "I can show you sir, I've been good!" John smirked and squeezed at Sherlock's bum, leaning forward and nibbling at his glowing red ear.
"You're almost there, darling," John growled, fighting to control himself. "Up and over, darling," He tapped Sherlock's thigh and the omega immediately obeyed, flipping onto his stomach. He tugged off his own trousers and took Sherlock's wrists into his hands, placing them to either side of his head. "Stay," He growled, and Sherlock whimpered, squirming, but obediently keeping his hands placed right where John had said. John tugged up on his hips, pulling him to his hands and knees, pressing a line of kisses down his spine, before he pressed his mouth to Sherlock's entrance, slurping at his fluids, tongue just barely tracing his rim- the muscle weakening and trembling as John indluged.
Sherlock mewled, gripping tight and pressing his eyes closed, "I didn't want this, I didn't, why did I- I wanted it, I wanted us, you and me, I wanted it, but I did this, I'm so sorry, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, Jawn,"
"I'd have you mind what I say, lad, now go," The man pointed to the door, "come back when you've come off your high horse,
"What? Am I unworthy a subject?" John chided and Sherlock shook his head. "12 per pack of film, but I got some extras too,"
"I vow my protect, brother mine, to cherish and to guide you, under my house, until you are bound in marriage,"
Sherlock's eyes widened to saucers as the cab pulled up to the airfield. He looked over to John, who looked horribly neutral, how could he be so placid when there was an
"Monsieur! Votre oméga! Mon dieu, je peux te ramener à la maison dans ma voiture," (sir, your omega! my god i can take you home in my car) He cried, and Sherlock muttered in John's ear.
John's breathing was fast for a moment as it hit him. Father. He was going to be a father. Fuck. FUCK.
Alan only nodded, clearly not bemused by what might've seemed like a veiled attempt at remaining in the room.
talk like this, of course you matter. You matter," John paused, anger bubbling in his chest, trying to cool himself off as to not frighten his omega, "you matter a great deal, Sherlock. Things are changing, hell, they should've changed a hundred years ago. Trust me, love, please trust me,"
"It's not like that, Sherlock," John said slowly, dangerously, "You know me well enough to know that I'm not like that."
"Alright, everybody, settle down," Greg shouted, clinking his glass with a butter knife, and the room fell into silence. "I'm gonna make a speech so you better be quiet!
"So do you have a boyfriend?" Agatha leaned in and Sherlock blushed, opening his mouth before Janine jumped in.
It would only last for a few weeks until the wedding, but for now, Sherlock smelled delightfully like him.
There was a tense silence between them, and John weakly moved his hand to hold Sherlock's, his callused fingers interlacing with Sherlock's pale soft hand, thumb rubbing a circle there, as if to continuously remind himself that indeed, this was his lover, his beautiful boy, right here. His heart suddenly clenched in his chest and he let go slightly, looking to Sherlock with deep, cavernous indigo eyes, and for once he knew exactly what he wanted to say.
"Fine, fine. But I can only negotiate that if you promise that you'll accept an alpha. You can choose, but you deserve happiness, stability."
"That Hitler's a loud fellow," The poor omega, the young Louise Trevor, meekly added. She was being thrown at Mycroft by her elder brother, both alphas hoping to pawn off a sibling to the other. She wasn't ugly, she was rather pretty, he supposed, all big blue eyes and sandy hair, and to someone who was interested in females probably a good catch.
"You know I can't do that, My, I have work," Greg furrowed his brow, pulling a sliding Emelia back up. She hiccuped and sniffled into his shirt.
"She won't die, Mrs. Hudson, just ovulate, and then it's back to your hutch." Sherlock swirled the jar of his urine and Mrs. H furrowed her brows, a bit unsettled by seeing that so early in the morning.
"Besides, who'd want an omega like me?" Sherlock added, swallowing nervously and putting out the butt of the cigarette.
"It's all gonna be alright, Sherlock, we're all safe," John's open hand traced across Sherlock's hips, coming to rest on the flat of his concave stomach, "All of us," Sherlock breathed out a chuckle, wiping his teary cheeks with his forearm.
“That’s alright, darling, I asked if you could go flip the record for me,” Sherlock beamed and nodded enthusiastically. “Go on, then,” daddy tapped on his hip and Sherlock slithered down to the floor, bare feet cold on the hardwood. He went to the record player and very delicately lifted the needle and flipped the record. Daddy had given him a proper lesson in how to do this- how the needle was very sharp and he needed to be careful and that he shouldn’t bump it or push it while it was turning.
"That's not- no, that's not alright, no!" Sherlock tightened his eyes and she set the product down, running her hand through his drying fluff.
"Only got one of your kind, sweetheart," Sherlock's heart raced in his veins and the man nodded and checked off his name, pointing with the end of his pencil to a building inside the wrought iron gate. "That building, room 9, you're reporting for training at fifteen hundred." Sherlock nodded and grasped his bag's handle nervously before turning and giving Mrs. H a tentative smile. She only grinned and swatted at him.
be a thief- couldn’t possibly just be a dull murder, Lestrade?” Sherlock snapped off his gloves in a huff, his mind whirring. John must’ve forced Lestrade to give him a case,
"You do, don't you?" John grumbled, giving Sherlock's arse a firm slap, sitting back, pulling his own shorts down, purpling cock springing free, Sherlock's eyes widened peeked over his shoulder, John was... he'd never seen anything like that... he must've been at least 9 inches long and so so wide. Oh God. Sherlock kicked out in horror, caught between craving and genuine visceral terror. John pet Sherlock's flank softly, "We're going to go slow, darling," He murmed, dark and a bit hoarse and Sherlock nodded, his sweaty dark ringlets smooshed into the bed.
"surprise, daddy," John chuckled and rubbed strong hands along Sherlock's thighs, moving dangerously close to his- "da-addy, come
"Yep. Just as soon as we finish basic training. Now hurry up, you're the muscle around here," Sherlock laughed. He was hardly muscle, and in fact, he bet two thirds of his comrades could lift more than him, but he took a second sandbag anyways, giving her a challenging smile.
The elder Holmes steepled his fingers, leaning on his desk and looking down at his distressed brother
"Next!" The beta woman called, and Sherlock jumped, scurrying to the front and providing his paperwork. She looked at him from beneath some wire rim spectacles, up and down and then smirking before looking over his letter. "No bondmate?"
"Not until I say," John growled, sucking monstrous purple marks all along Sherlock's pale freckled shoulders, marble white flesh between his teeth.
“Such a good boy, Sherlock, so good for me, my sweet little kitten,” Sherlock collapsed into daddy’s arms, letting him pull him onto his lap, rocking him back and forth. “That’s it, sweetheart.” Sherlock slowly came down from headspace, breathing deep into daddy’s scent. “Feeling alright, baby?” Sherlock nodded dizzily.
"Now, somewhere, up in the ranks, somebody has specifically mentioned you. Not only as a promotion to officer for your bravery, but as a recruit for something rather hush hush I'm sure you'll want."
He cried out, sharp and begging and needy as he came, the clear stuff only adding to the puddle on the floor, his hole still dripping and exposed to the cold air.
"Please, sir, don't do that," Martin soothed and Sherlock whined, crossing his arms in a strop as the feebly old man bent down to retrieve the oversize ring. Sherlock tucked a stray fringe behind his ear, brushing against the flowers in his hair.
"Did nothing of the sort" Alan said with a faint smile, "I proved that it had no answer. I'm sorry, where did you read that, did they give you a brief or something?"
"If-" Sherlock started, but bit his tongue, swallowing the syllables and looking over at Greg, "If he's not...would you, help me?"
"He's going to be just fine, private, you bloody saved his life," Sherlock's lips turned into a smile, wiping his inky cheeks with his elbow and looking down at his husband, covered in petrol and blood and soaked to the bone, but alive.
"What's going on there?" Sherlock looked up and found Janine leaning across, nodding towards the commander.
"No, I'm not, why would I be?" She nodded and mumbled an 'oh', crossing her legs and swishing her purple skirt about, handbag held between her knees and her shoulders back- and Sherlock gasped.
"I'd like to see you try," Sherlock stood and scooped up his pile of clothes before begrudgingly bowing his head. The Queen only smirked as she pulled him close for a kiss. Sherlock's eyes rolled into the back of his head as he returned it.
"But, but what about your job, you'll stay won't you?" His eyes were wide, pleading. He couldn't lose Esther. She was his
"Sherlock I can't come in there, I'm going to open the slot to give you some food. I got you icecream, isn't that lovely,"
"Feeling better, princess?" John lulled, eyes clear and bright as he pressed another kiss to the nape of his neck, hands on either of his shoulders. Sherlock nodded.
"Sherlock, why don't you work it out for us," John said softly, rubbing a circle on Sherlock's back, soothingly warm and gentle. Sherlock nodded, sucking in a deep breath.
"No, I won't. I'm going to marry Sherlock, I don't need a big ceremony, all I need is your signature and a bishop to watch."
She was flirting with him. His mind was practically running off it's tracks. A woman, an omega, was flirting with him.
"But-" She fixed him with a glare that made it clear there'd be no arguments, and Sherlock rolled his eyes before unbuttoning his pyjamas, "Yes ma'am,"
"Get off of him! Let go of him, Victor!" Mycroft shouted, even though it was obvious that the beta was  in control. Greg swung his leg off of the seething alpha, giving Mycroft an apologetic look. "What the hell is going on?!"
"Nein, er gehört mir (No, he's mine) There was snarling and Sherlock sheilded his face, and as anticipated, four quick shots rung out, and Sherlock gasped as blondie stared down at him, with a bullet between his eyes, head lulling back as he collapsed atop the frightened omega, who shrieked and rolled the limp body off of him. He panted, his eyes wild, staring down at the four bodies spread out at his feet, his knees pulled up to his chest.
. Hudders was next to him, humming as the cab screeched to a stop. Sherlock shook like a leaf, and Mrs. Hudson pat his knee reassuringly as she opened the door, and Sherlock stepped out after her. She brushed off his shoulders and pulled up his collar over his bond bite. He gave her a smile of gratitude as Lestrade paid the cab.
"Darling, stop that now," He watched Sherlock intently, soaking in every detail of his bleary cheeks and trembling eyelashes, "love, we need to have a chat about what happened tonight, you gave me a bit of a scare," Sherlock looked up innocently, lip quivering.
"We need to get you some glasses, love," John smiled. Sherlock gripped onto his jacket arm, eyes wide as he examined the airfield.
"Mm, more John" Sherlock's hips wiggled as he tightened his legs around John's hips, feeling John's thick cock through the thin material of his uniform trousers. "I- wanna help, John, help omegas,"
“Yes, sir, just thinking,” John smiled. Sherlock took one more bite before pushing his plate away. “I’m not very hungry, daddy,” John furrowed his eyebrow but took his plate. Sherlock fiddled with his fingers nervously before John picked him up, hands under his armpits, setting him on his hip, hand firm under his bum. He carried him to the living room, setting him down gently before reclining his armchair. He looked at Sherlock sweetly and patted his thigh. Sherlock bit his lip and crawled into his daddy’s lap, legs in between John’s legs, hands folded in front of him delicately. John took Sherlock’s hand in his own, tracing over his long fingers and sharp knuckles. “I thought we’d write them down together, does that sound okay, sweetheart?” Sherlock nodded, suddenly shy. John chuckled and pulled out a pen and pad. “Here, you already know this one,” John wrote at the top,
"If I can distract them, could you get close enough to get a shot in?" Moran gaped incredulously, shaking his head slightly before glaring.
Sherlock choked out a sob, reaching for his lover as his entire bottom half burned and he felt like he might very well be dying. He leaned forward, head leaning on the cool of the sink, forehead dripping with sweat.
*whispers* I know Sherlock has been very resistant to John thus far, but I wanted to emphasize that his resistance and "alpha tendencies" are for show and used a way of maintaining dignity and humanity in a very inhumane and undignified societal role *kisses for all of u*
“Yes little one, a Christmas tree. And some fairy lights too I reckon.” John’s smile faded when he noticed Sherlock’s eyes going glassy and wet. He knelt down and padded a tear away with his thumb, pressing a kiss on his forehead, “Sherlock, what’s wrong?” Sherlock sniffled and looked down at his fingers, twitching and squirming under daddy’s harsh gaze.
“It’s in my bones to love you, Stephen, and while I don’t know about protecting, I can take good care of myself,” He paused, hand still resting on Strange’s collarbone, thumb rubbing a small circle. “I do know that I trust you. For some godforsaken reason I trust you. I’ve known you for a week, but I’ve nown you for eternity, somehow, that sounds stupid but it’s true.” Ross paused, biting down on his lip and looking up at Strange. Stephen’s eyes melted and his breath hitched.
"God, you're a marvel, Sherlock," John said softly, "What ever did I do to deserve you," and Sherlock was almost warm for a moment, before he was once again present enough to feel the chills seeping in through the floor. Radiator must've gone out again. He'd learn later it was power cuts. He pulled down one of Hudder's knit blankets she insisted on drowning him in from the bed and wrapped himself up. He felt a wave of courage and he furrowed his brow in determination.
A slight meow was heard in the corner and a ginger tabby leapt across the room, purring and butting his head along Everett’s leg. Ross giggled and knelt, scratching him between his ears. He scooped Marty into his arms and the cat purred more and rubbed his whiskers on Ross’s chin. Everett went through the flat- grabbing his briefcase, laptop, handgun and the bag of kibble for Marty.
"Shh, it only stings a bit, darling," Sherlock shuddered at the delicate touch of John's fingers around his knee, thumb rubbing a soothing circle there. He wanted to cry at all the things he was feeling.
“Sher- Sherlock, you didn’t fill the water!” John fell to his knees, leaning over and starting the bath, shaking his head, “baby boy, were you just sitting here this whole time? It's been three quarters of an hour!” Sherlock nodded, shivering. John sighed and rubbed his eyes frustratedly. “I’m sorry, baby, I should’ve helped you, I shouldn’t have gotten so cross,” John poured in the bubble bath and sudsed up a mountain of bubbles, Sherlock’s eyes fluttering closed at the sweet warmth and smell. “But you can’t do things like that, kitten, what if you had fallen? Or got hypothermia?” Sherlock sniffled. “I’m not going to punish you, love, I just want you to understand how scary that was for me,”
Not much could be done about it. Like two stars circling one another, faster and faster, always together. At the end, when the supernova had shrunk itself into oblivion, into the blackness, it would always be just the two of them.
Sherlock whined, entire body spasming in protest as he quickened his pace. John sighed and gave him a pat.
"Mr. Holmes," John said, eyes still slightly on Sherlock as he made his way to the sofa next to Greg, eyes glued to the floor. He shook hands with the ginger alpha and they shared a curt smile.
"Darling, it doesn't hurt, not if it's done right, even out of heat," He whispered, pressing calming hands to his petal smooth skin. "Sex is rather enjoyable, trust me," John smiled, and Sherlock seemed to relax, even if his scent still reeked of the tranquilizer. Sherlock was barely awake, barely in control, but it was alright. John was holding him, keeping him, he was enveloped in the safe, warm smell of John. He reached with shaking hands and grasped Johns, which were resting around his tummy, the Alpha letting out a pleased grunt and squeezing his fingers.
" Esther looked him in the eyes through the mirror, placing hands on either of his shoulders and giving him a meaningful little smile.
Sherlock was still as he sat on his creaking bed, eyes locked on the empty dusty space between the bunks. His things were packed by his feet but he didn't want to go yet. Just a few minutes more. If he just kept looking she was sure to come in the door and demand he get dressed to pick up dates or read her love letters out loud for him to deduce.
a daughter, and didn't even mention her name. He certainly didn't seem very motivated to come pick her up, so for now, they'd been inseparable. Greg felt like he knew her, but he couldn't place it.
"Mm, detective and a scientist," Sherlock mumbled, rubbing his nose and chin across John's pectorals. "Did'y'know that there's no such thing as omega birth control, Jawn?"
, try again," Sherlock sputtered, holding his bow midair, his tutor's harsh glare freezing him in place. "What's the key signature, Sherlock?"
"Where're you going?" Greg growled, subconsciously squaring his shoulders and crossing his arms, gaurding the hallway.
Martin sighed and he pulled the purity belt from it's case. Sherlock cocked his head as Martin knelt and helped him to step into it, the older man blushing furiously as he fixed the metal pieces in place around Sherlock's newly blossoming omega biology. "That's cold!" Sherlock closed his bony knees, placing his hands on Martin's shoulders and watching as the straps were buckled closed. "What is this for? it's
"Oh, you're bratty, aren't you?" Victor grumbled dangerously, something in his eyes shaking Sherlock to the core.
"I forgive you, Sherlock," John breathed into his ear as he pulled him up from his stool and led him into the sitting room, hand resting on Sherlock's hip as he nuzzled his neck, nose pressing into his curly locks. "I thought we might go to the cinema later, does that sound nice?"
"Mr. Holmes!" Came a throaty posh cry from down the hall and Sherlock threw his head back, leaning up on his elbows and letting out a rather dramatic sigh, as two kitten heels labouriously stomped nearer. "Sherlock what is this mess? Monty, Holly, Willow, let him go!" The puppers immediately dropped his sheet and ran around their owners ankles before returning to the naked detective and licking at his face.
"If he dies, you will be significantly physically at risk as his bond mate- but you will be safe with us." Sherlock bit his lip, the snappy remark he wanted to make dying somewhere in his chest at the sight of his brother- desperately trying to tell Sherlock something, but not saying it. "I know you very well despise me, Sherlock, I've accepted that, and I'm sorry."
"Shh, sweetheart, it's alright, it's your uncle Greg and we're gonna get you looked after, princess," He lulled, but she only cried and cried, she wanted mummy! Greg rocked as best he could, shouting over her shoulder "I said call an ambulance! Now!"
"That's good, Sherlock, but you really don't need to be sorry. I let myself fall to baser instincts, and that was wrong of me."
"If you were to move in the wrens of Hut 3, and join us during the day, your work would not suffer. Our work would not suffer. But you would not be living in a lie."
"A scientist?" John raised an eyebrow, the hair on his skin standing  rod-straight, his arms tightening around the trembling omega in protectiveness. His instincts made him glance to the door, the windows, the need to keep Sherlock safe running thicker through his veins at the scent of a flowering heat.
heads up- I'm a Sherlock fan first, MCU fan second, and I had to do a bit of research for this chapter and the next few, so please excuse any comic book inaccuracies <3
"Yes, of course, my mistake, I didn't realize the Prime Minister was personally responsible for the staffing at a radio factory. I'm afraid I must decline his kind offer but give him my best," Sherlock deadpanned, his arm reaching to put the phone back in it's craddle with a clatter when he said it.
- not a piece of expensive living furniture or a womb with legs. He was Sherlock Holmes, ATS Volunteer O/011895. No, leaving was not a viable option.
"Who's this?" John smiled, knowing that getting upset with some random policeman wasn't going to do Sherlock any favours, he cupped his palm around the flaxen haloed baby, and Greg smiled, bobbing up and down.
John's hips stilled, his head thrown forward in a growl, fingers digging into the pale flesh of his husband's bony hips. He clenched his teeth around Sherlock's neck, paralyzing the poor weakened lad. His cock throbbed as each wave of his orgasm poured into Sherlock, gushing and filling him to the brim, the milky thick substance drizzling around Johns' knot he was so full. The omega sobbed with relief, curls sticking to his forehead and cheeks a dark crimson flush, his chest and neck rosy and pink.
Sherlock only swallowed and nodded, stomach churning with horrible feelings he couldn’t name, “I love you too,”
Sherlock didn't move, he only watched John's chest, in and out, in and out, his face calm and weathered and beautiful. He should've felt pride to have saved John. But he couldn't really feel anything at all.
going to hospital," John tugged off Sherlock's trousers and pants, which were soaked with blood, "Sherlock let's get to the toilet," He guided the blubbering boy into the loo and pulled to the toilet, his legs now dripping with crimson rivulets. It sent John's tummy lurching, he could smell Sherlock's fear, as well as the putrid smell of an omega's blood. Sherlock cried out, gripping for John.
"Sherlock are you insane?! This could kill you!" Sherlock only sobbed brokenly, choking and coughing weakly, barely able to breathe. John immediately helped him, patting his back and keeping his airway open. Sherlock's raven hair was damp with sweat, his skin ashen pale, his eyes dull and glassy.
"You've gotta snap out of it, kid, we've got a window. There's a hundred casualties on that train and they need you," Moran gave him a firm look as he pulled the omega's uniform over his shoulders. "How the hell do you speak german?!" Sherlock shrugged, it hadn't been hard to learn as a child, when he tried to convince his tutor he was a german spy, and he never really forgot.
"Sherlock, is everything alright?" John said sweetly, reaching down to rub into his mate's shoulders as he hunched over his microscope, books in a heap around him. Sherlock went stiff beneath him, delicate fingers shaking as he replaced a slide.
“I’d best be off.” Strange said warmly before opening a glowing circular portal. “I’m not really a party guy, as it happens, I’ve got a sanctum to protect. Goodbye John.” And with that he stepped through it, Wong following him briskly and it closed with a flurry of sparks. Ross stumbled backwards, and hit the back of a sofa, receiving a glare from its occupant.
The air was thick with smoke, the village now barricaded, and Sherlock shuffled back towards the houses, wind slapping bits of sand against his delicate skin, and he began to jog towards the street, the stones easier to walk atop, the ground littered with dropped pamphlets, things abandoned by civilians. Sherlock removed his helmet, running fingers through the hair that had just begun to grow back. Captain Moran stood, his arms crossed as he spoke with two RAMC volunteers with red and white arm bands.
Sherlock crawled off of the bed, wrapping himself in his dressing gown and tiptoeing to the sitting room, the door creaking slightly as it turned on it's hinges. He was a blur of blue silk as he snuck through the kitchen and set himself at John's desk, pulling out a blank sheet of paper, a blue envelope and his fountain pen, uncapping it and filling it from the small pot of ink.
"John," Sherlock whispered, eyes cataloging every detail of his darkened skin, the the pale glow of lamplight casting glorious shadows on his tanned and freckles skin, and Sherlock traced a finger down his nose. Sherlock really did adore that nose. John smiled and carded fingers through his delicate, velvet soft hair, thumbs brushing his ears before grasping his by the sides of his cheeks and pressing their lips together.
"Dr. Watson, please," He raised his hands to calm the blond seething alpha, "if not your sister, you'll need to appoint someone else to inherit Sherlock,"
"You heard the boy, move along," Mycroft grinned, and Greg chuckled before following him into his study for a proper snog. He hopped up on that big oak desk and opened his legs wide, leaving a perfect spot for the alpha. Mycroft took his invitation and pressed their mouths together, holding Gregory tight by the shoulders and claiming his lips.
“Breakfast,” John called from the kitchen and Sherlock shuffled over, still drowsy with sleep. “Figured you’d like something sweet,” He winked. A plate of waffles sat waiting for Sherlock at the bench, so he slid on to a stool and dug his fork in, mindlessly taking a bite. His stomach turned and he slowed down.
Sherlock blinked, once. Twice. He shook his head. He knew this was happening, everyone knew this was happening. But fuck. It was happening, right now. He was frozen, frozen solid. He was going to die, John was going to die. And if John died, Sherlock would die. A broken sob fell from his lips as he closed his eyes tight. He loved John. He loved him more than anything because he had never loved before. Never. Not mummy, not Mycroft, not even Lestrade.
"No! No we don't need to talk!" Sherlock shouted quickly before pulling his lip between his teeth, face crumpling into a scowl before he continued down, his omega
"Do I need to speak to your alpha, tell him not to try and do this again?" The nurse spoke gently as she unstrapped him, pulling his pants back on over his knees.
“Mm, hi there,” daddy purred and set down his pen, turning around and gripping Sherlock by the waist and hoisting him up onto his lab, causing Sherlock to squeal. “Have a nice kip?” Sherlock nodded and leaned back into daddy, kicking his legs in the air. Daddy continued jotting down notes and typing and things, it was all really a blur. All Sherlock could watch was
"Brilliant deduction, Mycroft, really," Sherlock grumbled, gracing down the staircase before snatching the offered telephone away and glaring. Mycroft huffed at his challenge but turned and left anyway. Greg was leaning with his arms crossed against a column in the hall, grinning immensely smugly. His eyes sparkled when he met Mycroft's, and the British Government's ears flared pink.
"We're here, darling," John nudged Sherlock awake, who sat up instantly, eyes darting about, before settling back on John's shoulder.
"Dr. Watson, do sit down." The four of them sat awkwardly, and Sherlock looked up to his older brother with a face that was a mixture of humiliation and contempt. He was feeling more and more like an auctioned statue, or painting, every pair of eyes in the room watched him intently, appraisingly.
"If you weren't what?" Sherlock jumped and looked to the lab tech. "Sorry, sorry, I shouldn't have been listening, it's just, sometimes I talk to them too and I...no, no, not that I talk to dead people! I mean, not like that! I just... I..."
"Come up, Greggory, please?" He pleaded, that sharp vulnerability spilling through, the fear and unsuredness so very rarely seen in the cold, icy Alpha. He coughed. "I have some other matters I need to discuss, and I'd much rather do it person." Greg's heart palpitated, another officer looking up across the room and raising an eyebrow at his flushed cheeks.
, that I am no meek creature in need of gallant defense. There are a thousand omegas looking for that in London, take your pick."
"I-um, i'm Sherlock Holmes, I was told to come here," He showed him his papers, nibbling on his lip as he looked them over, the alpha giving him a questioning look.
"You be careful out there, young man, I mean it," She chided, eyes full of pride. He leaned in and whispered in her ear.
I really wanted this to be longer, I promise, but here I am at 4 in the morning, two days after starting this chapter, and I need to get this out or I'll never finish anything.
"You're having an affair, two of them, with betas, in our billet, look at the wrinkles on your trousers-" Janine gave him a smirk and shook her head fondly.
, Mycroft!"  He cried, voice shaky and rough.There was a pause, and the hand on the doorknob paused.
“You can come, Sherlock, come for me, love,” It didn’t take much before Sherlock vision flashed white behind the blindfold, his chest seizing, his limbs frozen and his whole body convulsing as his orgasm ripped through him. He fell forward, barely in time for John to catch his shoulders and steady him, pulling him back onto his knees, reaching behind him to expertly pull the knots open. Sherlock had red marks where he had struggled against his bonds, and he crumpled into John’s arms once free, grasping for him, hair drenched in sweat, eyes pressed closed as John undid his blindfold. “You did so good, Sherlock, such a good boy, such a sweet little puppy, that’s it love, deep breaths, I’m right here,” Sherlock breathed in deep, obediently, eyes still shut tight. John pet his nape firmly until Sherlock was settled enough to look up, eyes calm and shimmering blue.
He hushed it. Bluebell was back in the housekeepers arms a few moments later, wriggling and writhing and mewling, nipping at Mrs. H's fingers, much to everyone's surprise. Rabbits were usually quiet. John descended the stairs to the small congregation at the base of the banister, eyes on Sherlock, who looked white as a sheet. John's nose twitched, and he approached the rabbit and took a whiff, standing back and widening his eyes. Shit, that was a heat alright. Not attractive to his nose, and rightly so, but potent enough that there might be dozens more rabbits before long.
in his tummy wasn't a person, not really. His eyes blurred with a fresh glaze of sadness before he stood, shakily, but he made it to his feet, pressing the heels of his palms into his eyes, voices in his head louder than ever. Mycroft, always Mycroft, or his mother.
"Shh, you're so beautiful, darling, you're so beautiful," John quickly got to work testing his cloaca- which had opened up, but not enough yet. "You're not ready yet, darling boy," John pressed kisses to the tops of his quivering thighs, warm hands holding his ankles upward. "On your front, Sherlock,"
But it didn't stop hurting. It hurt a lot, actually, a hot searing hurt that turned his tummy over inside, sweat beginning to pool on his forehead, his fringes sticking to his skin. Sherlock was dizzy as he wandered across the green, into the house through the service entrance, receiving strange sniffs and looks from the kitchen staff.
"we never get to have breakfast as a family anymore, Sherlock, mummy would be so upset." Sherlock's eyes gleamed a layer of ice. Mother had been dead for some time, as omegas without their mates suffered loads of medical weaknesses. Greg gave Mycroft a warning squeeze and the alpha only looked down to his paper again. Sherlock gave them both an incredulous stare before slouching into his chair, examining the letter in more detail. He gave it a whiff before having to close his eyes and pull it away from his nose. It had been sprayed with some very familiar pheromones. Jesus Christ it smelled good. He very slowly ripped the side of the envelope, the letter opener smooth and sharp, before pulling out a small card with a bundle of forget-me-nots embossed on it's cover, some frightfully sentimental poem or nonsense printed below. He opened it.
Violet Holmes was having tea when she saw the terse whispering of the servants in the corner of the elegant room. She glared, dropping her teacup in it's saucer and looking to her elder son, a newly presented Alpha at Harrow, so keen and charming like his father. Yes, she was proud of Mycroft. Quite proud. He would make a fine head of the family. That was exactly what they'd been discussing as they awaited Sherlock's tardy arrival.
“Shut up, Sherlock.” His voice was harsher than he intended, and Sherlock’s heart sank. “If I was to collar you Sherlock, it would be serious. My other subs have been flings, but you are not like that. You’d be mine, completely and entirely, I could not do this part way. Not with you.” John swallowed, his own heart heavy and solemn. How he had dreamed of this, he would not mess it up.
, forever, to John, under him, less than him. He'd be cooking dinners and cleaning house and nursing pups all his life.
He fought and struggled, his hair around his head in a halo under the dark water, his life jacket knocking him about and he flailed his limbs to find something, anything to grab onto. His heart was racing his his mind was fuzzy as held his breath, spots of green and purple in his eyes. There was a tug on his ankles, holding him down, and he kicked with all his might, barely looking through the darkness to see Janine, and in a moment of panic, he kicked her away with a brutal heel to her nose. She didn't come back up after that.
“Please don’t call me that, your highness, really.” He nervously put his hands in his pockets. Whenever he was around wakandans he felt small. No, not small. Just, not in control. And he had spent his whole life trying to be in control. He jarred against the memories of his childhood.
"But you can't! You can't know that! I'm-" Sherlock whimpered, curling himself inward inside of John's grasp, "
"Good boy," John smirked, "Go to the mirror," Sherlock mindlessly obeyed, so floaty and lost in his bliss he didn't even think twice. "God, I bet you look gorgeous, practically carved out of marble, ravished just by my words, you're
"Yes, I-I'm fine, I'm coming right down," He mumbled, tucking his hands in his pockets. Greg tutted and grasped him by the shoulders, looking him in the eyes, before pulling him into a tight embrace, "you'll be alright, sunshine,"
"It's lovely to meet you, Sherlock," Greg said with a smile, placing his drink down and walking over to the young boy, clapping his hand in a firm shake. Violet gasped and looked away. Mr. Trevor's eyes were saucers. Sherlock was taken aback at first, and didn't appreciate the sudden contact, but eventually smiled and shook it back.
Sherlock's fingers twitched, his throat filled with bile as he approached the gates, his heart skipping a few beats inside his chest. He could do this. He was ready. The seventeen year old swallowed thickly before pushing them open, stepping across the path to the garage. He bit his tongue at the memories that seemed to haunt each step he took. Her eyes, her hands, grasping him, pulling him. He shook his head to shake it away fruitlessly, pressing the heels of his palms to his eyes.
"I'm Sherlock," He said awkwardly, and the captain chuckled, unfolding his arm and wrapping round his waist, leaving Sherlock only the option to lean on him, the fabric of his uniform just a teensy bit irritating to the skin, but it smelled heavenly to rest his nose near the captain's neck.
Martin had told him exactly what to do when he got to the front of the abbey, but he was so nervous, he could barely remember. All eyes were turned to him as he made his way to the altar, the Vicar and Mycroft watching him with looks he couldn't understand. A mixture of pity and disappointment. Sherlock swallowed thickly, tears brimming in his eyes as he felt a hundred eyes blaring down him. He made a few shy steps before he made eye contact with his favourite uncle Rudy, who was watching him with genuine fear and concern. Sherlock burst into tears, falling to the floor and wrapping himself into a ball. His Mother scoffed and Mycroft pinched the bridge of his nose. The chapel filled with coos and
"Alan, shut up," Hugh growled, and Sherlock swallowed thickly, waiting for the other Alpha to growl back. But he didn't. He just kept working, his eyes locked with focus. "Sorry 'bout that, we do in fact need more help," Sherlock looked between them, the room tense and quietly watching. "I'm sure you know what we're doing here, and how important it is."
Sherlock practically leaped out of the car as the cab pulled up to 221b. John paid the driver as Sherlock waited for him on the steps. John pulled out his keys and pushed open the door before gripping Sherlock by the forearm, pulling him down to growl into his ear.
"Sorry, I'm busy, please go away," Greg's smile faded and he scratched his neck, feeling rather awkward as Sherlock hung up more washing.
Sherlock watched the genius and something inside of him warmed. As if he'd finally found somebody like him.
Suddenly, a horrible, terrible cloud came down on John. Somehow, in the swimming and the drive and the heat they'd forgotten the condom.
The third victim was hardly a year old, a baby, lying on it's front, half covered by a bloody blanket. Greg knelt and watched as his boss asked a few locals questions, a woman shaking her head and crying into his handkercheif. Greg unlocked his eyes and looked back to the child. So young, and killed so brutally. It was the stuff of nightmares.
"Well, you won't be for long, an 18 year old, unbonded male omega? We better keep him out of sights or we won't have any men to ourselves!" Vanecia said over her shoulder and the girls laughed. Sherlock gave a fake smile, his insides burning with horrible guilt. He forgot that he said he was 18. The woman he'd enlisted with hadn't said anything, but he knew she didn't believe him. He wasn't even fully grown.
"He," She paused, "Well, he's dead now, best not to dwell on the past, if you stay there, it'll eat you up, that's what I say,"
"This project, what I am building here, is quite possibly more important than you are capable of understanding, I'm terribly sorry, son, I don't hire on recommendation, whether it's an order or not"
"I hate parties. I hate birthdays. I invited none of these people, and I can see through your veiled auction block a mile away. Like me to strip naked so they know what they're buying?" Sherlock barked as he straightened his suit jacket, looking down at his hatefully shiny shoes. Shameful french leather work, so subpar to Italian, but not like there was an option there anymore.
"No!" Sherlock said quickly, looking up at John with wide, desperate eyes, "Don't change it at all, I love it," John smirked and stepped forward, eyes swirling and dark. He wrapped his arms around Sherlock's middle and planted a kiss to the side of his neck, lips ghosting the pale pink mark there.
"I don't think you're broken. You're different, you're just a bit of an odd duck, but really, you're a lovely omega Sherlock."
"You're forgiven, Sherlock, punishment is over," John paused, fluffing Sherlock's hair a bit. The submissive sniffled and butted his head into the touch. John pointed with a nod to the bedroom. "Go on, pup, you need to rest now." Sherlock looked up, eyes drying, nose running a bit.
"Dr. Watson, can you come take a look here, there's an omega in shock, I'm afraid he might pass out,"
"Shh, that's alright, he's a good guy," Sherlock said, eyes locked on his Alpha, who was practically glowing holding her.
"Thanks," Sherlock said softly, looking up at the gingery blonde woman with velvety skin and a smile that never seemed to fade, even when she didn't think he was looking. Sherlock found her inexplicably easy to trust. She was divorced,
"I've been reassigned, Sherlock, it's not a big deal. Happens all the time," John paused, swallowing thickly.
Violet stiffened and coughed at his horribly inappropriate language, and Mycroft only drank some more. Sherlock had yet to come down, and Greg hadn't seen him beyond the framed photo of a 6-year-old in a frilly presentation outfit, a mess of wild curls and freckly rosy cheeks. And as he remembered it, him and Mycroft's had accidentally broken the glass of that photo on one occasion, distracted by other activities on his big oak desk...
"You don't seem fine, darling," John pressed a kiss to his bond bite. "I'm sorry I ran off last night, I- I was upset, and I needed to cool off."
"Thank you all for coming, Sherlock and I are very happy you all could celebrate with us," A few eyebrows scrunched at "us".
and stood idly for a moment, taking in the sights before a warm hand found it's place on it's back, working around to his waist and Sherlock gasped as he was suddenly being danced with, his hand locked in a firm dry grasp. He looked up, cheeks a deep scarlet and blinked. Captain Moran.
"Sherlock," Greg prompted, pointing to the tea that was set before them. Sherlock was flustered, the entire ceremony of the second tea was not information he deemed valuable to keep, and now he had no ideas how to go about this. Was he supposed serve them? Was he supposed to ask someone else to?
"I'll make you a deal, Sherlock, if you promise not to do anything stupid. Stay and I'll wrestle My into letting you come to London with me. You can stay at our flat, you won't be lonely in the city."
pulling him closer. Blind hands reached for him, and he immediately fell into his arms, tucking under his chin, enveloped in his warmth, deliriously gulping down deep breaths of
"Omega?" Sherlock breathed out, pain thrashing through him, trying desperately to press his nose out the slot in the door to get more of his brother's balming smell. Mycroft sighed.
"Sherlock! Are you alright?!" A pair of innocent and diaphanous silver eyes found him through drizzly black fringes before looking down, embarrassed and flushed pink.
"I'm John," The alpha smiled and squeezed Sherlock's waist a bit. Sherlock shuddered, his heart seizing.
"I will not ask again, Sherlock." Mycroft said calmly, that bastard. As if he was frightening in the slightest. Sherlock's tummy was disagreeing with him, his alpha had given him orders, and every second under his harsh gaze was torture. Damn his fucking instincts- damn his whole body. Sherlock stood begrudgingly, his amygdala rewarding his obedience with a second rush of endorphins. That was the tricky thing about the opium and the alcohol and the pretty white pills he swiped from the chemist- lowered inhibitions meant less protection from baser, submissive tendencies that were loathsome.
"Is everything alright?" John whispered, voice low and gravelly, sending chills up Sherlock's spine. His scent filled Sherlock, warm and dark and weakening, the small boy shivering under his touch. Sherlock looked up slowly, long dark eyelashes fluttering, eyes wide and innocent.
“Thank you, thank you Master,” Sherlock rubbed his cheek against John’s calf, nuzzling against John's hand that he had dropped to pet him. John giggled before tearing off a piece of his toast, giving it to Sherlock, who tucked in it without hesitation, licking every bit off  John's hand, swallowing quickly. John smiled and continued until the toast was gone, ruffling Sherlock's hair and patting him gently. Sherlock rested his chin on John’s thigh, letting the sounds of John’s horrendous typing and the thrum of his heartbeat calm his mind. “May I work on my experiments, sir?” John looked down surprised at Sherlock’s manners.
John pulled away for a moment, fingers grasping his chin and turning their eyes to meet. In that moment all the thoughts and the hurt and the confetti disappeared, it was only John. The edges of the world melted away and seemingly came into focus all at once. John's hands found their place on Sherlock's cheeks, thumbs brushing his curls from his ears, holding him tight as their lips collided- a sweet soft and innocent first kiss at first, Sherlock quite frazzled and unsure, pressing back just a tiny bit, John's mouth claiming his own, fingers twirling through his hair, a single hand pressing gently to his face. Sherlock's heart raced in his chest, hands shaking as he rest them on top of John's before John pulled away, breathless, the tiny space between them warm and tingly on his skin.
“Going through my things again?” Sherlock quivered and craned his head further down, his neck bare and exposed to John.
"Brilliant," John licked his lips and pulled his arm from around Sherlock, never losing contact as he found Sherlock's hand in his, pulling him along to a darkened building. "Quite extraordinary," The doctor said mostly to himself.
“No need for tears, love,” Sherlock whimpered and pressed into daddy’s neck. “Would my little prince like some hot chocolate?” Sherlock nodded, heart still swelled with love and feelings and
"I need to sort out my will and what will happen to my family, my omega specifically, when the time comes,"
"It took some creative persuasion to get him to come," Gregory whispered, winking and Martha gasped, swatting at him with her tea towel.
"You heard me," John gravelly whispered, and Sherlock shivered, perching himself awkwardly, trying to look into the viewfinder and look pretty. He was hardly anything special (although anyone in the universe would disagree) and he felt, so exposed, so
“How could you possibly know that?” Grace smirked, ready for a chain of deductions to rattle off. Maybe it was his cufflinks.
Her hips moved to side to side, imagining the foxtrot with a handsome suitor, back in her glory days. Back when there were tea gowns and oil lamps and carriages not cars. She sighed and hummed along, scrubbing at a particularly stubborn mixing bowl when she heard the knocker of the door slam closed. She gasped and clapped her hands together before rushing to meet the men at the door. A golden Alpha with armfuls of suitcases stood in her doorway, and she let out a coo before rushing to meet him.
"Ah, indeed," Sherlock mumbled, swirling around his final product. John only grumbled, not wanting to push things with his stroppy husband.
"Sherlock, this is Greggory Lestrade, and you know Mr. Trevor and Louise," Mycroft said firmly, eyes pleading with Sherlock to just. behave. Sherlock gave a nod to the siblings, but focused on Greg, cat-like eyes slicing over him, completely fascinated by him. A policeman, it looked like, perhaps lieutenant, constable's more likely. Dark brown hair and brown eyes, quite handsome by societal standards. Cigarette smoker, right handed going by the ink stains.
"It was Mycroft," Sherlock said quickly, looking up with wide glowing eyes, "I thought you'd be pleased,"
"yours, Jawn, yours, Alpha, all yours," Sherlock whispered as the knot pressed through, plugging him tight. His voice heard like a tiny prayer in the steaming warmth of their bodies, skin on skin, heat on heat. A symphony of sensations and data he was too lost to try and collect. His whole mind was quiet, his heart swollen with pride. He was
"Of course not, darling, tonight is about me and you, just us, we don't need heat for that, do we?" He whispered sweetly, as if speaking to a child. Hell, Sherlock was a child, so insecure and afraid. He had nothing to be afraid of. Sherlock nodded his head and tucked his nose into John's shoulder, sucking up his scent. That intoxicating scent that made him feel...things? God! It was, not like anything before- it was, feelings, sentiment, something else. It made him want to both curl into his husbands lap and cry in a ball at his feet in equal measure. He whimpered and pressed himself further into his Alpha. John raised is eyebrows but kept his arm firm around Sherlock's shoulders, even when he felt warm tears soaking through his shirt. His Alpha was going crazy inside of him, screaming at him. S
“You can call me John if you’d like, little one,” John brushed his fingers across Sherlock’s cheek, admiring those cheekbones. He leaned in and whispered “But I prefer Daddy,”
"No problem," Moran said as if it were nothing, leading a little gracelessly, his hand firm on Sherlock's waist. Sherlock's tongue was heavy, his tastebuds bitter and his head dizzy. It was loud, really loud, his ears were ringing with laughter and music and it was thumping through the floorboards, through his blood, faster and faster and he was dancing with notJohn and notJohn was too close and he smelled really good and his tummy was doing cartwheels.
"Kent." Sherlock said sweetly, "drink this," He put a glass of water to John's lips and the doctor did as he was told, sipping until the glass was taken, his mouth still dribbling. His left arm rose, but spasmed and burned his shoulder, so he begrudgingly wiped it away with his right hand. Sherlock didn't seem to notice, and John budged up, pressing is back against the metal bed frame.
"So bossy now, eh?" John pushed two fingers up inside, and Sherlock gasped, crying out in relief, hips pressing himself further impaled on John's hand.
"Sherlock!" With one hand over the mouthpiece of the phone, Mycroft shouted up the staircase, "Sherlock it's for you!"
"Oh, there is something, Mycroft didn't say," Sherlock approached the large brown parcel, with no postage or stamps to be seen, just his name and address on a white card on top.
"Right, well, uh- Clara could you help me with this?" Greg swallowed nervously holding that wretched box, itching the back of his neck and stepping away. Sherlock flushed a deep red, oh god no. Not this. No, no no no no.
"Nurse, can you handle this, I need to move on," John growled, standing and marching to the next cot as a nurse followed him, giving the infected man some water. If he refused treatment, John didn't have time to force him. Better to do no harm and move on to someone he could help. He groaned as the ship rocked, the smell of sick permeating the air as he knelt next to the next Polish solider, who seemed in better shape than the last, his face badly burned, holding some gauze to it. John gave him a smile and took the gauze from his hands, eyeing the scarring and hints of blood.
. Sherlock swallowed nervously, eyeing the offered hand like it was a knife. He slowly took it, hating the touch- god his senses were begging him to stop.
"Oh, sweetheart, I'm not acting, and I'm sure as hell not laughing," John's fingers traced across Sherlock's cheekbone, the tiny little hairs on the back of his neck standing at full attention, a thousand little tremors shaking through his body. "I want to marry you, love, be your husband, your alpha, keep you safe."
"Sherlock?" Mycroft. "Sherlock, Dr. Watson's here," The omega took one look into his own eyes, loathing his tiny frame, strange features, weakness, before turning and exiting into the hall, hands stuffed in the pockets of his trousers, Mycroft giving him a glare- his grey tweed jacket was unbuttoned, he refused to wear a tie, and his hair was an untamed creature of curls that dipped in his eyes.
Sherlock's knees hit the floor with a thump, his eyes wide and pure as he pressed fingers around daddy's calves, his ankles tucked under his bum, fluffy tail brushing the tops of his feet as he knelt below his daddy. John pet his hair gently, admiring his antlers and Sherlock ducked his head, leaning on daddy's muscular thigh to allow him more access, practically purring at the touch. Daddy gave him a gentle pat on the back of his neck, and Sherlock swallowed nervously. He glanced once more at daddy's quite chuffed smile before reaching with tentative hands to daddy's trousers, slowly unzipping, blushing horribly, eyes flickering up, unsure as he nuzzled into the warm, musky smell between daddy's legs.
i need to stop pulling all-nighters to write. ha ha just kidding kind of, tell me what you think lovely people!
"For Christ's sake- you're the best man, Harry, it's kind of your job to come to the stag night." John cried exasperatedly.
"NO!" Sherlock cried, bleary cheeks glistening with tears, "No hospitals, no doctors, just you," John's eyes widened, but he tested Sherlock's pulse by reflex, it was a bit quick.
The irony of being in London, sitting in the office of an omega-specialist was not lost of Mycroft. He shuffled in his seat, leaning both hands on his umbrella. The room was pleasantly decorated- with floral wallpaper and a framed portrait of the queen staring down at him. The kind of omega to be proud of- well born, well spoken, well mannered. Mycroft slammed the tip of his umbrella into the wooden floor. This was his doing. Maybe if he'd called Irene sooner, or sent Sherlock to one of those finishing schools, maybe then he wouldn't be here, waiting to find out if his brother wasn't permanently
, something's wrong! I'm not, I'm not in heat! I'm not! I'm- something-" Sherlock's eyes rolled back as a wave of pain rippled through him. Lestrade sighed and mustered up the strength to leave the room and shut that wretched door. He slowly made his way back down the stairs, meeting a chuffed looking Victor halfway down the hall.
"However will I stop it, this flood of your juices, all over my nice suit, what do you need me to do?" Sherlock's back arched as his speed increased, his fingers twisting around his shaft as he wriggled on his knees, digging into the carpet.
A lot of their days were spent like this, John worked a few shifts during the week at the clinic, and Sherlock helped Lestrade now and then, and they had plenty of time together. A mad rush to not be in a rush. There was nowhere in the world Sherlock would rather be than in the arms of his husband, golden strong and safe John.
"No, Mycroft. No way, in hell." Sherlock seethed, the telephone handle grasped so tightly in his fist, he was sure any more pressure and the vessel might snap in two, it's wiry and mechanical innards spilt across the floor.
It was his birthday, and Sherlock Holmes wanted nothing to do with it. He knew absolutely none of these people that Mycroft had invited to this hateful party. Well, if he did know them he must've deleted it. He stretched out further, sprawled on the big leather arm chair in the study, his first glass of champagne already settled in his tummy and leaving him a bit floaty. Oh, that and the opium. But who needed to know about that little secret. Sherlock didn't even flinch when the large oak door burst open, a peeved looking Mycroft glaring at him.
John groaned, blinking once, twice, meeting a large white light, and a silver fixture. He attempted to sit up, pushing himself up from a creaky bed, his shoulder screaming in pain and he rubbed his right hand across it, looking down to find himself with a nasty scar that bloomed like a mangled and powderburned meteorite crater.
, saying that it would happen quite regularly now, that he'd understand more soon after his upcoming doctor's appointment. He even had a new doctor now, a specialist, Mycroft had called it.
Sherlock had never been to a party before. Unless you counted Christmas dinners with Uncle Rudy and his Grandmama, but she was dead now. He sat nervously on his bed as Mycroft's valet dressed him. The kind older man pulled a delicate sage green silky shirt over Sherlock's shoulders, and it hung strangely over his tiny frame, buttoning the golden clasps down the front and pulling a pair of cream silk arm bands to tighten the sleeves of the shirt around his wrists, letting Sherlock struggle with the buckles as he pulled a flowery crown of babes breath from the dressing table, fixing it to Sherlock's floof of curls.
*whispers* p.s. i maybe might add a christmas morning chapter maybe idk tell me what u think okay bye love you
“Mm, my little kitten,” John murmured gravelly as he led Sherlock into the hall, his fingernails pressed into John’s back, grasping with all his might. “Brilliant, precious little thing,
"So this is where you tell me to bugger off right?" John said sadly, a bit sarcastic, looking over to the redheaded alpha who wasn't more than a few years older than himself. Mycroft's eyes raised, pulling a cigarette case from inside his jacket, offering one to John silently, who accepted, offering his light.
"No, I can do it," He insisted, and John came up behind him and gave her a grin, his hand resting on the small of Sherlock's back.
He waved it away and strode into the front room, feeling Mrs. Hudson wrap her arms around him and squeeze.
"There you are," came John's voice from behind him, and Sherlock turned around nervously, his Alpha stepping out from the opened green doors, sitting next to him. He was in really lovely shorts and a striped button down, wearing sunglasses with a wicker basket beside him. "The maid packed us lunch, I think," He smiled, leaning back on his palms, arms somewhat wrapped around Sherlock's back. "I thought we'd go to the beach,"
"Fuck me," Sherlock whispered, "I'd want you t-to fuck m-me," John growled on the other end and Sherlock keened, kicking out at the floor in frustration, he was empty, so empty and John was so very far away, and-
Mycroft Holmes was neck deep in work. So much to be done and so little money to pay for it. The American State Department had practically laughed in their faces when they asked for money, and now he sat defeated, shoulders hunched and wrinkles forming as he sipped back his sherry, shuffling papers about uselessly. He clenched his hand into a fist and his eyes snapped over to the photos on his desk. A newly framed portrait of Greg and Emelia at her christening, him and Gregory's wedding (a simple but honourable affair at the registrar's office), and a freckle faced Sherlock, swimming in his presentation gown, innocent and sweet, holding onto Mycroft like his life depended on it. That may have been the last day that his baby brother truly loved him.
"Darling, darling, you need to let it come out, it's the womb lining and," He paused, throat dry and craggly, tongue heavy in his mouth, "and the baby, you just need to bear it, love, it'll be over soon, be strong for me, darling,"
"No Sherlock. Stop it. Now. I'm not going to hurt you, Jesus," John paused, pinching the bridge of his nose, "Jesus Christ, Sherlock! Do you have any idea how dangerous that was?" Sherlock's eyes gleamed with fresh tears and John released his hand from his mouth, brushing through his curls instead, his eyes flickering over his omega's face, who still looked rather terrified. He pulled the small boy into his arms and pet his hair, pulling them under the covers, holding his tiny little spoon around the middle. Sherlock would need to stay on his side, to keep from choking in his sleep.
"Mummy, please, can we not swear so early in the day?" Mycroft glanced up from a mouthful of cake, first to his mother and then to Sherlock. He smiled sarcastically and bit his cheek. Sherlock only grinned at their attention, gracefully sitting in his chair, reaching across the spread for the toast. Mummy tutted and Sherlock growled a bit before leaning back properly, rolling his eyes as he spread the jam over it, tucking in ravenously.
He rolled his head back and let out his breath before stepping up and rushing down the hallway into his room, riffling through John's drawers and pulling out his prize, clinking open his old cigarette case and putting one between his lips and desperately lighting a match. He sucked in that gravely relief and sighed.
"God, I wish I could hate him as much as he hates me," Mycroft scoffed, stiffening beneath Greg's fingertips. The silvery younger man knit his brows and leaned back to look directly into Mycroft's eyes.
“Lestrade texted you, says it’s a 9 this time,” John smiled and watched his sub as he bit his lip, changing the slide he was looking at. “Sherlock? A case, love.” Sherlock looked down steadily.
"He'd want me to do my part," Sherlock answered, looking away and crossing his arms, feeling like a patronized child again, "Take your leave and get out of
"I SAID ENOUGH, Sherlock! You may live happy and free in your own little fantasy, but the rest of us live in the real world. I love my alpha, I love my husband, and our private matters are none of your business. Now go. Get out of my house."
Sherlock felt a frown tugging on his lips as he got to to work changing the tyres on the lorry, his breath fogging in the air and the steam crystallizing on his rose-coloured cheeks. He spared a glance to the sky, overcast and dreary, and Sherlock shivered, wrapping himself tighter in his coat, rubbing his forearms to heat them. He fell to his knees in the snow, pushing down on the lever and trembling with cold. It was so damn cold all the time, and he would find out later it was the coldest winter Europe had seen since 1895.
"I love you, Sherlock, more than the world," John whispered into his curls, reaching up to card fingers through the velvety strands, a shiver running down the omega's spine. Sherlock smiled and leaned forward, his forehead against John's shoulder.
"There's lots of work to do, sometimes I don't notice," Gregory nodded, rolling the glass in a circle, the last drops of scotch spread evenly, his heart aching.
"There's one that I don't mind," John opened one eye playfully and Sherlock rolled his eyes dramatically.
"The bites, look," He pointed to a clear pattern of teeth marks, Molly leaning forward to inspect, "Clearly canine, but clean, not a rabid animal, no signs of infection around the bite, and the saliva isn't frothed. The jaw is too wide for a terrier, but too narrow for a mastiff, and here," Sherlock pulled a single hair between his yellow gloved fingers."Brown, black and white. Dog of that size and colouring, could be a bloodhound, but on balance, Fox Hound is the most likely. Large size pack going by the number of individual sized jaws,
Sherlock trembled, and his cot creaked as Janine sat beside him, pulling his fingers into her hands and holding them. She was warm, really warm and Sherlock's head fell onto her shoulder a sob escaped his throat.
"Sherlock?" Master's voice was dripping with concern, running fingers through Sherlock's curls as Sherlock keened. "Colour, Sherlock,
"Alright, posh boy, on your knees," John whispered with a grin, still achingly hard. Sherlock bounched up onto his knees, still sated and glowing, wrapping his lips around John's cock, suckling and sucking with horrible slapping noises. "Oh yes, good lad, just like that," Sherlock bobbed, lapping his tongue out around John's bullocks as John's fingers tangled into his hair, cobalt eyes flickering with a fiery darkness. Sherlock caught eye contact, swallowing a few times, before a lovely idea came into his head. It was so good to be a genius sometimes. He began to hum, sending delicious vibrations through John.
"I'll go with you, make sure you don't get lost." Victor laughed and tucked his hands into his pockets. There was a terse silence.
Sherlock nodded, dropping the phone and racing, still naked and flush with endorphins to the kitchen, digging through his suitcase and pulling out his prize, jittery and excited as he returned, falling onto the floor and pulling the phone back under his chin.
"Hey, hey, lie back, you'll pull on your stitches," John flicked his eyes over to see a halo of curls looking down at him, pale angelic skin glowing and he blinked. Was this real?
John groaned as he stood up, leaning heavily on the walking stick in his right hand his leg aching, rolling his good shoulder and hissing at the pain in his left. A week left of convalesce, but he doubted he would ever fully recover from it. He looked to his bedside table, pulling out a piece of paper and the tub of ink, using the tabletop to write. He unscrew his pen, dipping it into the black and sucking up the thick splotchy liquid, his hand trembling. Oil, black oil, dripping from Sherlock's eyelashes, like soot on his pale skin and acid on his lips.
"Present, Sherlock," Miss Adler instructed, standing in her red-bottomed heels, looming over the petite omega boy. Sherlock bared his teeth and shook his head.
“Did you finish your letter, baby boy?” Sherlock’s eyes sparkled and he nodded, setting his mug down carefully on the coffee table and  fetching the piece of paper from the floor by the tree, scooping up his crayons into his fist and plopping them carefully back into their box. He crawled into daddy’s lap and folded the list up into quarters neatly. “What does it say, Sherlock?”
He shook his head and watched daddy’s hands intently. Kind, strong hands that made tea like it was breathing.
he shook his head and curled into daddy, his tears melting away into the warmth and safety of John’s arms. “That’s it, baby, now let’s get your kit” John hoisted Sherlock up and onto his hip, his soaked cheekbones resting on his shoulder. John picked out trousers and a nice button-down and placed Sherlock down to dress him. The pale boy shook his head and whined. He pointed to one of John’s jumpers, doe-eyes wide and pleading. John chuckled and obliged, pulling the cream knit wool over Sherlock’s head, his curls bouncing out the top. John wrapped a coat around his shoulders and guided his fingers into gloves, pulling a knit hat over his curls, adjusting his fringes in the front. It was quite chilly out, and he couldn’t risk his boy catching cold.
"Do you have a boyfriend?" She said excitedly, and Sherlock shook his head, and before he could elaborate she sighed exasperatedly.
Mycroft had hit him. Slapped him across the face. It didn't hurt so bad, but the humiliation left him wobbly and ashamed. Mycroft hadn't ever, hit him, like that before- like a disobedient child.
"Oh, Sherlock, don't you look smart!" Mrs. Hudson cried, coming forward and pinching his cheek, stepping back and looking him over, pride filling his chest with warmth, "Like a real soldier." Sherlock's breath caught when he realized who was sitting in
She was about to respond, when there was a knock at the door, and Janine furrowed her brows, patting Sherlock's knee before standing and opening it. Vanecia stood, dressed to the nines her civilian kit, a red and white polka dot blouse and red skirt, with a single strand of pearls around her neck, grinning with big white teeth.
"Sherlock? Darling, please let me in," John sighed, leaning against the cool wooden door. Sherlock whimpered and curled tighter. "Love, I'm so so sorry, please forgive me, Sherlock," John closed his eyes and awkwardly tucked his hands into his pockets.
His trousers, pants and bandages were removed, and he almost fainted at the blood still gushing from the gauzy pads. She proceded to strap down his kicking legs, and his anxiety skyrocketed. She left. Sherlock wriggled and writhed in his bonds, heart beating out of his chest. This wasn't real. This wasn't real.
"No, of course it's okay, where's Emelia?" Sherlock bubbled excitedly and Greg itched his head awkwardly.
"You'll find out soon enough," She lead them closer to the Alpha, who stood waiting for them, and Sherlock could tell he was a captain.
"They started it!" He paused, pushing a rather rambunctious Monty off of his face, "...Ma'am," Sherlock groaned as the dogs showered him with love and made no move to cover himself in front of his Queen. She was unimpressed to say the least.
, not now," One of the medics leered, flashing yellow teeth and Sherlock growled, turning his focus only to the Captain.
"No talk like that, dearie, you'll only make it worse. You've got to fight, Sherlock, because you're strong. You're stronger than any of us, and you've got to stay strong, and be brave, for John. But for you too, love." Mrs. Hudson said firmly, their eyes locked, "Be strong for yourself, because you are not helpless, and keep that chin up," She smiled and pat his cheek.
"You really ought to keep him punctual, Myc, if I don't have a firm hand, Louise is always running late- fixing her hair or what not." Louise at the same moment sat gingerly back down on the chaise, handing her brother his drink, wincing as she settled into the seat. Greg wanted to vomit at the implications being made.
"Sherlock? Where is Mycroft?" The young boy groaned and threw his head back once more, some novel or another folded across his chest.
“I pledge myself, John, I am yours,” Sherlock placed his palms up in a gesture of surrender, “if you’ll have me, I will serve you,” John smiled and nodded kindly, running his hand through Sherlock’s curls gently. John unbuckled the collar and slipped it around Sherlock’s neck, buckling it securely in the back, tight but not too tight. He rustled his hair and planted a kiss on his forehead.
"No, brother, you're not dying," Mycroft paused, unsure how to explain, "No, you're not dying, you're just growing. Happens to all of us."
"Erm," Sherlock paused, shivering, "Hackney, I think, I'm in a call box. I got l-lost, I'm cold." Sherlock shuddered, looking round the rainy streets.
"And a dog of that temperament, mauling a child? There has to be incentive, they were trained to, told to, and they did their job to their best ability, see they even tried to retrieve their catch, look at the dragging at some of these marks.
"Don't be trite. Gregory's the one who wrangled these people, convince them to celebrate another year of your existence, really, quite difficult a task I assure you." Mycroft retorted. Sherlock bit his lip, not letting himself be hurt. Mycroft held open the door and Sherlock growled, huffing and crossing his arms to rejoin the gathering. "Be sure to smile,"
Sherlock was given a single rose, to represent the gifts of fertility, and a dribble of oil on his forehead to represent purity. He swung the rose around by it's stem as he stood in the chapel, desperately wanting to wipe his bloody forehead off. A few petals drooped to the floor as he shuffled from foot to foot. Mummy was in the front row, various relations and family connections filling the pews. Sherlock wondered if they'd think he looked stupid. He sure thought he did. The music started and the room held their breath.
"Sherlock, we should get going," John put his hand around Sherlock's waist, tugging him away and tipping his hat to Molly, "Lovely to meet you, ma'am," She gave him a queer smile before turning and getting back to taking care of the bodies. Sherlock watched her in awe. "What's that, darling?" John looked down to Sherlock's little paper fold-out, which he held in shaking fingers like it was made of gold.
Now." Sherlock shook his head once more, his eyes giving away his fear, his sweet minty scent turning sour and anxious. He swallowed, trembling slightly as his tutor stared him down. A string of betas, sweet painters and retired teachers had tutored him these last years since his presentation. He hadn't meant to scare them all away, he really hadn't! He liked them, he couldn't help his mouth running, he was just too smart for the wasteful, petty lessons in oil painting, french and etiquette. Each time Sherlock messed up, lost another one, spoke out of turn, ran outside and roughed his delicate skin, Mycroft would come home from University. Sherlock hated how Mycroft had become so high and mighty these last few years- he acted like Sherlock's father, not his brother- bossing him around and talking like he was a child. Sherlock Holmes was
"Oh mon! Oh mon! tu montes à l'étage, je vais te chercher de la nourriture!" (Oh my! Go upstairs and I can bring you some sustenance!) She cried, pulling John by the elbow into the house, who could only nod and smile and hope for the best. Sherlock whined, trembling and aching, his scent growing sweeter and John had to control himself to not mount him in the hallway. She pushed them into the master bedroom and opened their basket, pulling out the fruit and bread and bottle of sparkling water. She popped it open with a bottle opener that appeared out of nowhere before hurrying out, the door closing behind her with a click.
"Is he, you know-" The nurse turned to Janine as someone touched his forehead, he could feel the looks of the men standing around him in the crowd, but he was too lost to care.
"Ah! Oh, I- I was just thinking, sorry," Sherlock hopped out and held out his hand for Janine who laughed and took it as she clambered down, careful not to flash anyone up her skirt.
"oh, thank you, she's been crying all afternoon, this is Emilia, and that is William," Sherlock's eyes twinkled and Esther smiled a bit. Emilia reached a tiny fist out and grabbed at Sherlock's face, teeny little fingers tracing his chin. Sherlock smiled and bobbed up and down, Esther briefly kissing Emilia's forehead before rushing off to the kitchen to put the kettle on. Sherlock furrowed his brows at the slight limp in her step, and now that he looked carefully, hand shaped bruises wrapped around her arms, tiny thumb print marks on the sides of her neck. Sherlock watched as William introduced Greg to his bear, meeting the policeman's eyes. He swallowed and turned to the tiny, dark kitchen, eyeing the mould that grew in the dank, mildewy corners.
"Alright, alright, I'm getting on a train now," Greg stood, wrapping his coat around his shoulders and buttoning it up, phone tucked under his chin. "I-I love you, My," He hung up the phone to prevent Mycroft the discomfort of saying it back. The older man wasn't good with emotions, and honestly, Greg found it fascinating someone like that would rather have
"Don't cover this, alright, or it'll be infected," John urged, taking the gauze from the confused looking man, who was frightfully skinny. The man didn't argue much when John cleaned his wounds, and he allowed himself to be lied back for rest. The blond captain wiped his forehead and continued his rounds, the poor sods. Some of them were from the
John shook his head, "No, love, not yet, I might be getting old, but I don't know if I'm ready to be a father."
"It's so cruel, don't you think, Sherlock? I would rather die than have an arranged marriage," Sherlock opened his mouth to reply but shut it, his heart sinking in his chest.
"red!" Sherlock whispered, still shaking, fingers locked in his grip of the table edge, arse throbbing, belt marks darkening crimson, faintly purple. John immediately dropped his belt, Sherlock trembling at the clatter of the buckle on the floor. John knelt next to Sherlock, carding through his hair gently, lulling sweetly.
Sherlock swallowed nervously, fixing his hair a bit, stomach churning as he held close the letter, signed by Mycroft and John, that said he was allowed to be here, standing in a musty wooden building in Lower Clapton, queued along with a dozen omega women, chattering amongst themselves. Most of them were complaining about the course, about their alphas who forced them to take it so they'd be better mothers, help with kiddies with their schoolwork.  Sherlock was jittery, his whole body glowing with excitement.
No. He wouldn't think about it, he wouldn't let it hurt him in advance. Ironically, he was due for heat in a few days, and the idea made him want to turn inside out. Married people, they
John huffed as he pounded up the stairs, arms laden with shopping. He stopped in his tracks at the sight in the sitting room. His flatmate was kneeling, head pointed down, curly fringe brushing against his eyes, clenching a black leather collar in his fists. He didn’t look up when John came in, his eyes fixed on the floor, shoulders held back, posture perfect. John’s cock stirred and he swallowed, setting the shopping down and putting his hands on his hips. Sherlock holding his collar, knelt perfectly at his feet was a stimulating thing to come home to.
"You're brilliant, Sherlock, truly," Alan said softly, pulling out his handkerchief from his pocket and offering it to Sherlock, who smiled gratefully and took it from ink-stained fingers, "I'm sorry that socie- no, I'm sorry that I would've underestimated you, I'm sorry you felt the need to do this, I truly am. Nobody should do that to anybody else, nobody should hurt anybody else,"
"A- a bit, I wore a dress though, and it was in Scotland, closer to the house," She mumbled, deep brown eyes flickering over to Sherlock, almost as if she was begging him not to say the obvious deductions he was so desperate to inform her of.
Sherlock watched in abject horror as John returned with a tiny black bottle of antiseptic, turning it over onto his handkerchief before kneeling in front of a still-shaking Sherlock, whose eyes pressed closed even before he touched his ear.
"John ne parle pas français, Marie," (John doesn't speak french, Marie) Sherlock said sweetly, and John's eyebrows raised, his mouth open slightly. She hummed and ushered them inside. John was speechless as Sherlock looked around excitedly. John felt a growl in his chest, a deep rumbling that sent his Alpha on fire. He pulled Sherlock by the waist and whispered in his ear.
"No, Mycroft phoned me, the interfering bastard," John paused, looking up at the bleak military hospital, grasping his walking cane tight in his hand.
"Now, we only have to talk to them for a moment, then we can send them all home, I promise," John whispered, rubbing circles on Sherlock's back. Sherlock nodded and mumbled, allowing John's fingers to interlace with his own and lead him down the hall, hand resting at the small of his back, thumb brushing a calming circle as they dodged party guests and amused expressions. Greg saw them from across the sitting room and shouted at everyone to be quiet. The phonograph skidded off and a dozen or so pairs of dress shoes turned on their heels to look at that couple that stood in the door way.
"John's told me all about you, love, there was that month he wouldn't talk about anything else," Mrs. Hudson muttered as she set out three mugs for builders. "He called you the prettiest omega in the world. And here I thought he was exaggerating!" She smiled, and Sherlock only nodded, feeling awfully fussed after. A few minutes passed and kettle whistled, and soon a warm mug was in Sherlock's fingers, and a kiss on his forehead. She smelled like warm biscuits and vintage perfume, and her scent lingered inside of him.
Sherlock grumbled to the floor, a second wave of anger filling him at his debased orientation. Irene grinned and crouched next to the young child, petting his hair.
"Gave me a bit of a fright, love, I couldn't live with myself if something happened to you," John reached over, that same bloody hand, warm and soft but strong and steady found it's place on Sherlock's knee.
Hateful. He set his glass aside and leaned on his umbrella, looking down at the beautiful redwood floors of the London house.
"Yes, hi, hello, sorry," He stood and shook the man's hand. He was small and thin and he seemed to puff up when they stood breast to breast. John's military stance and calm strength often left less powerful alphas feeling competetive.
"Yes, I don't understand your problem!" Mycroft cried incredulously, as if it were the most obvious thing in the world.
”I’m sorry I’m crying, I don’t know why,” Sherlock laughed, wiping at his eyes, a twisted sort of amusement, sobbing while still knotted with his Alpha.
"Mycroft?" Sherlock squeaked out between agonized moans, convulsing on the plush carpet floor, hands between his legs, ashamedly finding relief for himself. "Mykie! Please, help me, Mycroft!" The elder holmes bit his cheek, looking to the empty hall and sighing.
John smirked and raised his eyebrows. "And which one would you have me open?" Sherlock blushed furiously, slipping down off John's lap and moving towards the tree slowly, plucking a dark box from beneath the pile of gifts, presenting it to daddy. He slowly pulled the end of the ribbon, eyes raking over Sherlock relentlessly, Sherlock's skin glowing crimson beneath his thin silk shirt.
“Good thing we found him, huh daddy?” Sherlock whispered and John smiled, watching Sherlock look lovingly at their coniferous new friend. Sherlock’s cheeks and nose glowed with a pink flush, snowflakes sticking to his eyelashes. His smile glowed as he leant against daddy’s scarf, he was beginning to like christmas quite a lot. “Hey daddy?”
"I'm so sorry, I'm being so childish," Sherlock mumbled as he slackened into John's warmth, strong arms wrapped around his middle, holding them close, kneeling on the floor of the downstairs linen closet.
2. Hide his service from John completely. That would be rather arduous, and excluding and unplanned incidents or information being exchanged, he had three people he needed to be in on the lie: Mrs. Hudson (possible), Lestrade (also possible) and Mycroft (impossible). Again, not a viable option.
"Shut up! All of you, shut up! You don't know anything about it, alright?" Sherlock growled, her hand flinching back as if he were made of acid. He swallowed, feeling a second wave of guilt and emotion coming on the horizon, so he bit his lip. Hard. Hard enough to bleed. He sucked his lip between his teeth and sucked at the coppery liquid, lapping at it, pressing at it. He wanted more. He wanted to vacate every vein and capillary in his body.
"I- I must be going, call this number when they're finished, a car will be sent." Mycroft rushed, handing the beta woman the card and quickly leaving, tucking his umbrella under his arm and gripping the handle of his briefcase.
but more seriously, i'm sure you can figure the real-life inspiration for Sherlock's decision. I think a/b/o dynamics can be an interesting way to explore feminism and gender norms, and I didn't want to make Sherlock's abuse in any way idealized or too fantasy- especially for a very conservative pre-war upperclass society.
" John pet him gently as Sherlock began to calm. John salved Sherlock's smacks softly. His eyes widened as he glanced Sherlock's bloody chin and his brows furrowed. "You're bleeding!" He stated obviously, gripping Sherlock's chin and turning his head, gently examining his split lip. He stood and quickly fetched his medkit, patting his knee as he sat in his arm chair. "come here, sweetheart," He smiled sweetly, voice strong and gentle. Sherlock took a stuttering breath and let go of the table, crawling slowly and ashamedly to his Master's feet.
"I can't promise you that, Sherlock, but I would never let him force you into anything." Sherlock nodded, not letting himself get his hopes up.
"No, you're alright," Sherlock said softly, looking down at Esther meaningfully, "so how'd you get here?" Sherlock looked up and gestured to the room, trying not to hide his jealousy. She grinned and pointed to a button on the breast of her emerald jumper.
Mycroft sighed, far too distracted to think about the new defense budget's approval. What was it about Sherlock that made him such a monster?
The room was begrudgingly cleared, a few of the betas giving Sherlock worried looks before filing out the door of the garage-like building, and Sherlock was shivering as the Alpha across from him didn't even look up.
"But who says we-" Greg sputtered, and Sherlock gave him a look, and Greg only laughed before clapping his hand on Sherlock's shoulder before looking dreamily down at Emilia.
“No thank you,” John sighed sadly, getting up and walking up to Sherlock, wrapping his arms around his middle, planting a kiss on his ear.
"Darling, I've got to get my things," John whispered into his curls, breathing deep that minty honey-sweet smell of his lover. Sherlock nodded and pulled away, eyes glassy as he turned to his dressing table and pulled his scarf into his brushed out silky hair. He stared down his reflection and John could almost coo at his adorable feat of strength, squaring his shoulder and sucking in his breath. The Captain adjusted his things in his pack and smiled. "Wait here a moment, Sherlock, I have a surprise for you," Sherlock nodded but slyly pulled the blue envelope scrawled in his loopy cursive
"Weakness is hurting your wife because you're drunk, Harry," John snarled, but tried to retain his cool and control his alpha. True strength, being a real man, was being the one in control of his alpha, not his alpha controlling him. That's what mum had always said, after dad had gone on another "business trip" with his whore.
omega. But they had a plane to catch. He pressed a kiss to the crown of his head, buried under a cacophony of wild hair. Sherlock stirred, yawning softly and fluttering his eyelashes, before realizing where he was. He tensed immediately, sitting up quickly, head spinning with a horrible ache. John smiled and ran fingers through his own dusty blonde hair, sitting back against the headboard as Sherlock sat up, legs draped over the edge of the bed, hands on his temples.
He didn't fight it. At least now he would die somebody, his own man, this was his choice. Greg might call him a hero. Mycroft would be pleased to be rid of him. John could remarry and find someone good and sweet and domesticated. Mrs. Hudson could make her biscuits and tell the story of that strange boy that used to live in 221b. He smiled and let himself sink, his eyes shut, resigned to lie forever under the ocean. That wasn't so bad, he thought.
“We don’t have to, darling, we don’t have to call on anyone tomorrow if you don’t want to,” John paused and stroked his cheekbone softly. “Just you and me,” He kissed his kitten softly on his forehead before pulling him up onto his lap. “We don’t even have to go to that fundraiser tonight if you don’t want to, darling,” Sherlock’s eyes went wide and he shook his head.
"I need your help, actually," He ran a hand through his silky soft curls, "Are there scissors in the kitchen?"
Mycroft sighed, looking out across the dining room, "He may need to go to Sherinford, should things escalate, London is a bit of a target."
"Sherlock," John knocked at the door, a few more hours passed. "Sherlock, I've got to come in, it's time for bed," There was a shuffle behind the door and John sighed. "Please, darling, tell me what the matter is,"
"Take my picture then, the shutter's right here," John guided his fingers around the front to the button and smiled into the two lensed front.
"You really ought to care, but alright, we'll go," John sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose. "But I retain the right to change my mind any step of the way- the continent is a bloody mess at the moment, I won't let you anywhere where it isn't safe." Sherlock huffed, biting down on his lip and sighing. "Don't pout love, I can't help it,"
Sherlock sniffled and wiped his nose with his sleeve, tears soaking his crimson cheeks as he scampered to the bathroom, the cold starting to sink in. He hadn’t even noticed how numb his fingers were, how the tips of his curls had become icicles against his forehead. He peeled off his wet clothes and placed them in the basket, shivering violently, lowering himself into the tub. The porcelain was so cold, he was
“Sherlock, have you, ever, been in a relationship?” Sherlock looked down at his hands and shook his head. “No, look at me, nothing to be ashamed of,” Sherlock’s ethereal eyes were shining green as he looked up nervously. “I would very much like to take care of you, Sherlock. Treat you like the precious little boy you are, make sure you never have to be scared about money. It’s not a problem for me. Only thing I’d ask for is your companionship. You can keep your life just the way it is, the cafe, school, the future, I only want to look after you. You can be my arm candy for functions and such, it wouldn’t have to be more than that if you don’t want it to be.” John smiled and took Sherlock’s hand. Sherlock bit his lip.
"Do you have any idea how humiliating that was, Sherlock?!" Mycroft had shouted once the Trevor's had left and the intense quasi-heat had reduced.
“What is it, Sherlock?” Sherlock whimpered and tossed his mobile onto the duvet frustrated, watching it bounce slightly.
"Right, let's go," Moran nodded and began walking and Sherlock followed, feet seeming to move of their own volition as he stumbled after him onto the street.
"'Fraid so," John mumbled as he got up off his haunches and approached his stark naked flatmate, each step bouncing with nerves and excitement. "We should probably tuck you away in a supply closet, you know," John swallowed, "N'case Her Majesty comes round and sees you naked as the day you were born," He grinned, standing so close that Sherlock could smell the jam from his toast. Apricot. Bold choice for a tuesday. Sherlock's lips turned into a smile and John reached a hand down to squeeze his arse.
"Dr. Watson, hello," Mycroft said, holding his umbrella over his husband and brother as they exited the car. John's eyes were frantic, glowing wide and concerned as a tiny shivering omega approached the door. John rushed off his feet, tucking his hat under his arm, coming to Sherlock and leaning in to inspect him, placing a hand on his forehead. He was a bit too warm for John's liking.
"Why did you save me, John, why did you come back for me?!" Sherlock cried, eyes blurry with tears, "Why did you fucking get shot?!"
“I’ll make sure of it, kitten, don’t you worry about it.” Sherlock nodded and slumped against daddy’s chest.
"Sherlock, darling, I'm so sorry about last night," John started, but Sherlock ran past him, mumbling  about the neighbors and Cassidy, Kirsten? something like that. John turned around quickly, watching sadly as his mate avoided his eyes, following after the chase.
"Horrible." Sherlock gasped, but John chuckled, "You've ruined me. I can barely sleep a wink thinking about you." Sherlock furrowed his eyebrows and swallowed nervously, tucking his hair behind his ears.
"I thought this was the twentieth century, sorry, my mistake!" John slammed his fist on the desk, causing the solicitor to quickly intervene.
Sherlock sucked in a breath and approached the office. There was already a queue, so he took his place at the end and grasped his fingers together nevously, watching the ground, watching the back of the heels of the woman in front of him. He glanced up nervously at the posters on the walls, imagining Mycroft giving each smiling woman, holding a helmet or a shovel or on a tractor, the approval in his big manly study or his wretched office. The thought made him giggle, just a touch, and he bit his lip in a tiny smile before he realized he had reached the front, just below a banner that read
John growled as he bit down on Sherlock’s lip, a dribble of blood entering his mouth. He smiled and sucked on the bite, lapping at the coppery liquid.
and drank it heartily. Something cold inside of him fogging up with the warmth of it down his throat. There was a knock on the door and she opened it, revealing Captain Moran, with a smile who gave her a nod.
Sherlock nodded and let John guide him away form the morgue, but deep down he knew that he was right.
Suddenly, he looked up, and John gasped, half in shock, half in relief to see him, pale diaphanous eyes glowing with realization, and the omega shuddered, pulling himself up, much to the worry of his companion, and ATS woman who was holding him by his biceps, trying to convince him to sit before she looked over, somehow recognizing John as well.
Sherlock sucked in a breath and bit his lip, rubbing his forehead against his forearm, tears filling his eyes, rubbing them across his skin and trying to think of something else, anything else.
I'll be done in a minute. She's broken down on us, quite a mystery to solve before your little omega tart gets here," Sherlock smirked in victory, wiping grimy fingers on an oily rag- the indentations of the phone earpiece on Mycroft's cheek indicated a hushed, pressured conversation. Mummy needed an extra seat at dinner. Mycroft spent weeks in London now instead of days. Not entirely hard to conclude he was courting someone. God, they were probably dull and well-mannered and godawful like Mycroft. Mycroft grinned cheekily and gave a nod to Mr. Brooks, who took that as his cue to get the hell out of there. Once the garage was devoid of all others, Mycroft grabbed Sherlock by the ear and wrenched him forward. The young omega thrashed and whined, not liking this display of alpha strength at all. Mycroft smiled and pulled Sherlock up into the air by both ears, forcing him to grab ahold of the older man's wrists by his head to keep himself from falling.
"He-" The British Government swallowed, his voice completely broken, his cheeks wet. He pressed his fingers to the strange sensation of chilled tracks of skin, blinking heavily. What a strange sight to see, he thought. A powerful alpha brought to weeping, brought to this baseness by that cancer that was
“naughty thing, aren't you Sherlock?” He unzipped his trousers and pulled them down, slipping off his pants as well. He slicked all of his thick 20cm with the peppermint lube and positioned himself at Sherlock’s opening, pressing in slowly, gripping tight Sherlock’s bony hips. Sherlock threw his head back, shaking violently, erection pulsing against his tummy throbbing, sobbing before John was even halfway in.
"He-he wants to drive us home, Jawn," Sherlock mumbled. John nodded and let the man open the door for them. Sherlock whined as John let go, but he soon slid next to him, keeping him close, Sherlock's nose glued to his neck, gulping in the husky powerful smell of an Alpha just beginning his rut, reeking of possessive, competitive hormones.
"No, no problem, just this way," He took them into a smaller office, gesturing for John to sit in the swivel chair across from him. "Now what was it you needed my assistance with?"
"You didn't say if you wanted this, Sherlock," John prompted softly, tracing his cheekbones with his knuckle as his knot began to throb in it's deflation. The omega's lips turned into a smile, his eyes bright and his cheeks rosy as he curled himself even closer to John, chin tucked over his shoulder and arms wrapped around his neck.
"But sir you can't be serious," Anderson looked Sherlock up and down, the omega's cheeks flushing crimson. "Isn't he a bit,
“Yes, Jawn, much better.” John smiled and reached into his pocket, pulling out a chain of metal with his dog tags dangling at the bottom. He unbuckled Sherlock’s collar, ignoring the whine at the absence and sliping the tags over Sherlock’s head, the cool metal resting on his chest.
“Good lad,” John pulled Sherlock’s hand and guided him outside of the closed coffee shop. Sherlock’s eyes grew wider still when he saw the car. Aston Martin DB5. Dark green.
"Sorry, John, I know I shouldn't have asked, like that. We can- we can get rid of it before it becomes anything," Sherlock sniffled, pushing away John's hand. The Alpha growled and put it back quickly, finding Sherlock's brilliant blue eyes glowing in the darkness.
"Oh, you only say that to placate me, now sit here and have some tea and tell me all about your holiday,"
, is not at liberty to own property, in fact, he'd need to be in your will as to whom you'd wish to inherit him,"
Sherlock gasped and ducked his head as they received fire, bullets ripping holes in the canvas and carving holes in metal, Moran cursing under his breath, and the ground bumpy, jostling the passengers as they drove the lorry into a small band of wood to their left, the shelter only temporary, and Sherlock's ears twitched to hear voices in the distance, and through the thick branches he could barely see a german patrol- four men.
"Oh! Hi! I'm Janine!" She cried in an Irish accent, grabbing his hand and shaking it, "Do you have any idea what we're supposed to be doing?" She whispered conspiratorially, and Sherlock shook his head.
"Sherinford. I-uh, well, Mycroft wants her away from London," Sherlock watched him intently and furrowed his brows to see the dark circles, taught skin, day-old stubble and frowned. "But damn, Sherlock! Never pegged you for the type!" Greg pulled his arm around Sherlock's shoulders and squeezed, his face lit with a smile. He whispered a bit more intently, "I'm proud of you, sunshine," Sherlock's heart was glowing and he smiled back.
John sighed, holding the stack of wrapped packages under one arm, pushing the door to the flat open with the other. He tossed his keys into the bowl and dropped the packages on the coffee table. Sherlock lay on his tummy, hair ruffled with a pencil in his ear, books and papers in a pile all around him. He grinned like an idiot and pushed himself up to his knees, pulling the pencil out of his nest of curls.
Christ Sherlock," John growled, and Sherlock quickened his paces, swirling his tongue through the thick ginger hair and using his hands to cup his bullocks and give a light squeeze. John yanked on Sherlock's hair before he went still, cock sputtering and pouring spunk down Sherlock's throat before he pulled away, letting the last few squirts land across Sherlock's pure, reddening mouth. The omega licked his lips and sat back on his heels, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand and looking expectantly up to his alpha, reaching out to touch his calves delicately as John zipped himself up. They shared a look and Sherlock fell into giggles. John put his hands on his hips and watched as Sherlock pulled himself up.
Sherlock shuddered at the table this woman was trying to get him onto- it was padded, with adjustable stirrups hanging from the ceiling to strap his legs into. He swallowed thickly as he noticed straps also across the middle and the arms. He looked to the nurse incredulously- she didn't really expect him to get into that contraption? Her fake smile didn't falter, and Sherlock's scent dripped with fear as she grabbed him easily, hooking under his armpits and lifting him up and onto the table. He gasped, shaking his head, squirming, thrashing, kicking, no matter the pain on his sensitive areas. She didn't stop smiling as she strapped him in, the padded restraints tight around his chest and arms. She gave him a pat. He tried to bite her.
"Some sort of exersize, I'm not sure really," They hurried to catch up to the group, and Sherlock could see a tall, broad and blond man just ahead, with curly blonde hair and sharp blue eyes.
"You seemed a bit sick after last time," John smiled, stormy blue eyes glowing with something that sent shivers down Sherlock's spine.
Sherlock blushed, fluffing his hair a bit and looking himself over. He was no David, not by a mile, but he guessed it wasn't horrible.
Sherlock looked up at him through his long dark eyelashes, eyes wide as saucers and whispered, “I’m not?” John sighed and knelt down in front of Sherlock, one hand carding his hair right above his ear, another tracing his cheekbones gently, like he was a polished marble statue.
Sherlock eyes only flickered in abject fascination as John kissed him, the world in black and white, as if he'd been transported into a film.
," John put a up a hand and Sherlock stopped. "I really don't need this right now, besides, you have washing to do." John gave him a rough nod before pulling his suit jacket over his shoulders, straightening it and squaring his jaw. He ordered some papers on his desk, grabbing his briefcase. He tucked his orders into his breast pocket and gave Sherlock a kiss to his cheek, holding it for a second longer, just to feel warm, soft skin beneath his lips.
"It's alright love, I'm right here," John soothed as Sherlock cried with such intensity, he was choking on his sobs, uncontrollably hiccuping.
“You gonna come to sleep, daddy?” Sherlock mumbled, face crumpled into Melly’s soft fur, her wings tickling his ears. John shook his head.
look into place and strode over to where he was speaking to a rounder asian man. The strange man looked up and Ross shivered at the ethereal multi-colored eyes that bore down to his soul. The look between them felt, deep and passionate and reasonating. It was slightly religious. Religious? What the hell was wrong with him? He was not some teenager looking at a crush.
"This is what I get, having a solider for an omega," Sherlock could practically hear his eyes rolling.
It took about ten minutes for the knot to fade, and for them to come unscrewed. Sherlock was a sleepy thing, face slopping onto the pillow after John forced grapes and water down his throat. He grumbled and spread out exhausted and John only chuckled, tucking into the bread and petting his milky naked back gently as he slept, it would only be an hour at most before Sherlock was ready again, and John sat satedly against the headboard, watching the swaying of trees out the windows.
"A-are you going to induce heat?" He whispered, hands clutching into fists, fingers trembling. John smiled reassuringly, patting his own knee (in trousers now thank God)  and opening his arms. The timid creature shook, biting his lip, so unsure, before slowly sliding across the black leather seat and sitting closer to John. The Alpha reached around him, holding him close and combing fingers through his hair, knowing how it soothed him.
"Jawn, help me, I was, I was..." He whimpered, tugging onto his alpha's sleeves, needing his touch like water in a desert.
"Oh go on, drink up lad, you've earned it," John gave him a quirked smile and pointed him towards the door with his chin, and the corporal smiled and pat the railing before rushing off, and the smile faded from John's face, his chest tight and his fists clenched with white knuckles.
to solve. His chemistry book had long become obsolete, so Sherlock was forced to learn the individual properties of Mrs. H's cleaning products on his own, his anatomy and biology books stacked, a few of John's medical journals leafed open on the table around him. He really didn't realize how much time had gone by, his stomach aggravatingly full.
a voice whispered in the back of his mind. He coked his head and retrieved the card again. No, that wasn’t the address. What the hell was that?
Sherlock hadn't slept. He sat upright in his bed, sheets and duvet wrapped around him like a cocoon, knees drawn tight against his chest. Plumes of dust were set alight by sunlight that peeked through the curtains, his curls glowing like a halo around his face. He looked to the clock on his bedside table. 6:44. He closed his eyes and drew into a still tighter ball. Last day of freedom, he supposed. Only one day until...
Sherlock rest his head on his window ledge, sitting at his desk, an experiment with some yeast he found in the icebox staring up innocently at him, but he couldn't think. Rain pelted the foggy panes of glass, and the radiator hummed dutifully heating his bedroom. He brushed away a tear that threatened to fall. And another. They were multiplying faster then he could catch them, and eventually he hung his head, folding in on himself in his swivel chair, holding his feet in his hands, curls running over his knees like little rivulets of chocolate.
"Fine, I'm fine, I have to make a call." She opened her mouth to speak but thought better of it, turning and going off to do something or another. Sherlock swallowed his pride, his entire body numb, like one big callus as he approached John's desk, fingers shaking as he grasped the handle of the phone and dialed the number, each ring a mocking tone in his ears.
“Good boy, Sherlock,” Daddy praised and pulled Sherlock back into his lap, pushing his laptop closed as Sherlock straddled him, arms resting on his shoulders. Sherlock blushed feverishly as daddy began to kiss his neck, sucking a dark mark on his clavicle. He bit down hard and Sherlock whined, secretly enjoying that it might bruise- a mark to prove that he was John’s. John tapped his arse and Sherlock scurried off, he had some wrapping to do.
"No, of course not don't be silly. The hairs John! Horsehair on the back of her dress, also, her accent, received pronunciation, quite formal for a stewardess, don't you think? Well she's from Berkshire, but she's not upperclass, and her hair pin has a tip of mud on it, a gift from her husband, clearly, too nice to be just an ordinary present, and the mud is rather fresh. Husband exposed to mud and horsehair in West Country? Could be a jockey, but going by her smell she's married to an Alpha, and I personally have only heard of two Alpha jockeys, you need to be light, so groom's much more likely." Sherlock took in a breath, quite winded, and looked up to John expectantly.
The phone clicked and Mycroft sighed, groaning and dropping his phone into it's craddle. Sherlock Sherlock Sherlock. Forever and always a thorn in his side.
"But you can't promise, John, you can't!" Sherlock whispered, voice finally broken, a single rebellious tear running down his cheek. John tutted and wiped it away with his thumb, resting it on Sherlock's face as his eyes became very serious.
He dropped to the floor, crawling along the wall before he reached the second window, peeking over into the dark alley behind the house were the bins were. A certain army captain stood, a handful of pebbles in one hand, left arm pulled back before he let go and-
Sherlock's eyes fluttered closed, his whole body glowing. His alpha was so strong, so good, so kind. He scolded himself for being so docile and shoved John back, crawling off his lap and into the hall, bleary cheeks glowing a soft pink.
"Mm..Oh God...Jawn, you socialist," Sherlock whimpered, eyes shut tight as John wrenched his wrist, a wave of pleasure rolling down his spine as he curled his back, eyes shut tight. Sherlock shuddered, body spasming as he came, sagging in relief and ecstasy, tummy and chest covered in sticky cream, and he fluttered his eyelashes and gave John a sloppy kiss.
"John! Oh, hello! Help us catch her!" Mrs. Hudson smiled, and John looked quizzically at Sherlock, who froze when their eyes met, paling as if he'd seen a ghost. John swallowed, his eyes melting with a dark blue softness.
"didn't, I- I was, I didn't want you to know, because I wanted you to, to see me different, not like, they did," Sherlock whispered as John rocked him back and forth, hushing him softly.
"Can I swoop in here?" Sherlock nodded mutely, blushing furiously as Janine wrapped her arm around the Alpha's shoulder, and he put one hand on her hip. The small boy smiled a bit as she mouthed
"Sherlock, please, calm down," Martin sighed as he pushed the ring onto Sherlock's tiny thumb. "This is an important day for you, you have to look nice."
He raced up the stairs and into his flatmates room, neat and tidy and it smelled like John. Like wool and whiskey and pine and marmalade. He wasn’t supposed to be in here, John would be stroppy. Sherlock did not like it when John was angry, upset, sad, it all was wrong, wrong that the greatest man alive should be angry. But he needed to be in here, just until John came back. His eyes flickered around John’s possessions. Photographs of John in his uniform on the side table. Jumpers lined up in the closet. A box under the bed. Sherlock bit his lip, glancing over his shoulder before kneeling and pulling the box out and opening it.
Mr. Trevor, as it turned out, was bringing along his dull omega sister, who was staying with him, and Violet Holmes was not having it. She sat elegantly at her letter desk, putting down the telephone and sighing, rubbing her temples. There truly was nothing worse than an uneven dinner party. She capped her pen and stood, gracefully striding across her sitting room and into the hallway, down towards the library. She didn't even want to imagine where Sherlock was off to- and she figured that if she did, she wouldn't be happy, and she was already so rather stressed, why bother? She entered the library and was shocked to find her younger son sprawled on the ginormous armchair instead of the older.
Mycroft's eyebrows raised, maybe slightly chuffed at the sight of his mate, showing his strength. Sherlock grit his teeth, pushing his chair out and leaving, and everyone at the table knew that the card in question had been deceitfully slipped into his hand. He ran up the stairs to his room, two at a time. He dropped the letter to the floor, face flushing with anger and embarrassment. He was not some animal to be bought and sold. He rushed to his desk and picked up the handle of the telephone.
"You got small fingers, omega, just, reach in, find it and pull it out." Sherlock bit his bottom lip and pressed a kiss to John's lips before sitting back, rolling up his sleeves and taking a wobbly breath.
Sherlock ran his fingers through his slightly sweaty, soft chocolate locks, leaning with his elbows on his bare knees as they thundered along in the back of the lorry, the other girls chatting away, Vanetia in the drivers seat. He smiled a bit, exhausted, but still happy. He felt, safe. Very safe, with them. They had his back, he had theirs.
Bletchley was pretty. Tall shading trees that swayed in the breeze, sun kissing Sherlock's skin. It was a lot like Sherinford, almost too much for comfort. The manor was large, the grounds were nice, it was strange to see military personnel and equipment everywhere. Sherlock clutched his papers nervously. He'd taken two of his pills today, sprayed himself generously, and he felt horrible. Whatever industrial strength chemicals Mycroft had elected to pump him full of were ghastly, his skin dry and itchy, his eyes hidden by dark circles, and he coughed dryly. He looked sickly and pathetic and he was sure everyone could see right through him.
"She's staying with me until her daddy comes to pick her up, isn't she?" She only blinked. "Right then, the case, mother and her pups found torn to shreds, out on the moor in the middle of the night, no witnesses...Sherlock, y'alright?" Greg bunched his eyebrows as Sherlock froze solid, staring at the ginger lying nude on the slab. His tongue was heavy in his throat and his skin was on fire, his entire body screaming-
"S'not safe for you to travel alone." Sherlock growled, forehead resting on the foggy glass, ignoring his terribly overprotective brother-in-law. "Here, why don't you help me with this."
Such imagery was rather helpful, he realized, finding the tiny little knob between his legs agreeing with him.
"I'm sorry I hid it, sir- it's just, he doesn’t even know I’m here, if he did...” Sherlock trailed off, looking down, eyes flickering over ground, glowing a pale moonlit blue.
"Sherlock! Oh dear, is it starting?" Mrs. Hudson knelt down next to him and he shook his head, getting up onto his knees.
“Did you even wear a coat, Sherlock?” John growled, voice low and dangerous, and Sherlock shook his head. “Right. Take off your clothes and get  in the bath.” Sherlock whimpered, “Now, Sherlock.”
The small boy whimpered, turning his head back and forth and keening as the first one dropped to his knees in front of him, pressing him to the ground by his wrists, fingers grasping around his bony wrists with unnecessary force. His sharp nose burrowed in the crook of his neck, scenting him, and Sherlock prayed to a god he didn't believe in they wouldn't see his bondbite, or smell John on him at all. This alpha smelled horrible, greasy and scary and Sherlock's pheremonal control began to weaken, his body pumping out waves of submission, an omega's fear response.
"Nothing you need to worry about, princess, I'll be home for tea," John's feet echoed through the flat as he descended the staircase, practically marching out onto the pavement. Sherlock stood in the living room, frozen to the ground, feeling like soap in the bath, dissolving bit by bit as he held his breath.
"He's older, he's rich, he's kind. He's perfect for anyone else. But I never even wanted it, I don't know if I want it now," His fingers grazed his pinkish scar, "I just wanted away from my brother, I was so naive, I didn't realize, it's forever. And it's not forever for him! He, he can bite as many whores as he wants, and I'll always be his little creature, his possession,"
”You’re new here,” She said obviously, licking her teeth, her lipstick was blood red and she smelled like powder and ginger. Sherlock nodded shyly and a few of them giggled, “Where’re you off to?”
John slowly walked towards the sitting room, each step sending a shiver through his naked sub. John licked his lips, silently admiring his milky white back, still a bit damp from the shower, his half-dry curls falling in tight ringlets around his ears. He was beautiful like this, no matter how stroppy or rude, Sherlock would always submit. Sherlock was
"Right. Well, John asked me to be his best man yesterday, so I don't have anything ready," Greg blushed before wrapping his arm around Sherlock's shoulders, "but what can I say but how much I love these two people, especially my favouritest little brother," Greg tousled Sherlock's hair, his flower crown slipping down over his head. The omega blushed and grinned.
The card sat perfectly innocently on it's silver tray, the engraved platinum letter opener sitting silently atop it. The envelope was a pale blue, not too expensive of stationary, and clearly the paper had been sitting in a cupboard for a while- not someone who writes letters often. Sherlock looked at it intensely, his own name was scrawled across the front- a slight ink smudge on the
“...Alrighty then?” He took the card and put it in his breast pocket, giving the man a hard stare. Strange met his gaze intently, and that feeling came back. It was a strange, tingling sensation and he heard whispers and rustling that seemed foreign. This was really fucking weird.
Emmy made a squeak in affirmative. Mycroft smiled and reached for a book on her chest of drawers. He pulled his spectacles out of his pocket and held them out to read and squinting at the yellow title surrounded by stars on a blue book jacket.
"John Hamish, will you have this omega to be your wedded bondmate, to live together after God’s ordinance in the holy estate of matrimony? Will you love him, comfort him, honour and keep him in sickness and in health, and forsaking all others, keep yourself only unto him, so long as he lives?"
"You might not come back," Sherlock whispered, fingers griping into John's suit jacket as if he might disappear right then and there.
Somehow, somehow he didn't mind it. Somewhere inside of him was glowing with warm, golden pride at that mark, as if a way to prove that he was wanted.
"Bloody hell," Moran whispered under his breath, his scent strong of distress and it sent shivers through Sherlock. "We'd just need someone to drive us there, we could get the train back going,"
"He needs your help, their was a murder in Dartmoor, he's asked you to come," Sherlock gasped and sat up straight, eyes glowing bright, cheeks flushed with excitement.
"My brother almost died yesterday," His voice was small, his throat tight with something so close to tear-fullness he refused to acknowledge it entirely. Greg sat up as well, the bed covers bunching around his waist.
"I'll remind you keep your tone respectful, boy," The Alpha female growled, watching him intently. "You know what, Sherlock, no more violin for now. We'll do your positions until teatime, how about that?" She smiled, a fake awful, sadistic smile that made Sherlock shudder. At 11, he had learned to
"Mrs. H left us some sandwiches in case I messed it up," Sherlock mumbled, brows furrowed in frustration. John smiled and pulled Sherlock in around the waist and pressing a kiss to his bondbite, his lover shivering at the contact. "Jawn! what are you doing?" John continued his assault on the delicate, sweet and honeyed skin, suckling darkening marks, fingers fumbling at the buttons of Sherlock's collar.
"I-" he whispered, "I trust you," John smiled, and Sherlock trembled as his legs unwrapped from around John's waist, John's hands under his arms, eyes warm and soothing. Sherlock blushed, pushing forward and kissing John's wet lips with an appalling squeaky noise. John chuckled and kissed back, one hand resting on Sherlock's cheek, smiling beneath his plush rosy lips.
"What is it, what's the matter?" A timid beta woman looked at him, frantically switching her gaze between the Dowager Omega and the new Alpha Patriarch.
Mycroft didn't say anything. Mummy looked down and ate in silence. Sherlock grinned and ate his toast, feeling quite victorious. Mummy sipped at her tea.
“Yes, I-, I was just thinking,” John nodded quizzically and pulled his chair for him. Sherlock sat gracefully and played with his fingers nervously. John reached and put a steadying hand on his knee. Sherlock looked up quickly, and caught John’s firm but gentle stare.
He was an angel, eyes fluttered closed, mouth open slightly, face soft and pure and holy in the moonlight. John leaned forward and kissed delicately up his tummy and chest, lapping away the stray beads of sweat. He dipped his head to nuzzle his beautiful omega.
"He said no, mate, best be off now," A low, calm voice spoke, but Sherlock kept his eyes firmly closed. He wasn't here. This wasn't real. He pleaded outside of his mind palace for entry, but he was far too frightened to think clearly at all.
"You're bloody serious," John sat back on his heels and shook his head in disbelief, "You git, do you know what you do to me?"
"And Sherlock," The omega looked up, "be good. Oh, and the middle name is Andrew, if you were looking for baby names."
“I’m not feeling well, Master. May I stay home?” John let go slowly, rubbing a firm hand across his shoulders before placing his palm on his pet’s forehead. His face was full of concern.
He looked down to his hands, and the silver ring that stared up at him. How such a small little piece of silver could mean so much- a bonded omega was, in some sense, freer than an unbonded one, he could travel alone, go to work, go to the shops, all without supervision, as long as John had given his approval. But yet, he was still
"You want me to come up to stay?" Greg whispered, leaning back in his chair, tapping his pencil on his desk. Mycroft and him had been seeing eachother for a few years now- very hush hush. My was on his way up in the Secret Service, and Greggory was just still a constable. Besides, an Alpha like Mycroft couldn't be seen courting a drab little beta like Greg, he supposed.
Just as he was about to throw up the 4 glasses of whiskey he'd inhaled, the door was opened and a whirlwind of curls and sharp suit angles and ethereal cheekbones burst in, a bit out of breath. He was beautiful, Greg decided, quite so. Not, run of the mill either, and he smelled divine. Sweet and minty and innocent.
“Watch your language, little one,” John tutted, petting the tuft of curls poking out from under the covers. “Who’s Mycroft?”
"What are you working on, dear?" Mrs. Hudson said, a batch of biscuits in her mitted hands. Sherlock was fumbling through her cleaning things beneath the sink, and he only mumbled a reply. "If something's dirty, I can help," She offered, but he only stormed out of her flat, a few bottles in his arms. He was a queer one, that's for sure.
"It's not a big deal, Sherlock, there's no need to fret about it," John said quickly, lips turned into a smile that Sherlock knew was fake.
"Sherlock?" Mycroft knocked on the thick metal door, hearing the faint keens of a small child. "Sherlock it's Mycroft, I brought you some things,"
. Strong and smart and sexy and perfect- hands strong and soft like he was halfway between snapping you in half and cuddling a kitten. It was rather distracting, actually.
. John H. Watson who liked strawberry jam and hated sugar in his tea. John H. Watson who wore a kilt at his wedding and hated every damn minute of it. John H. Watson who kissed him like he was a treasure and was generous and kind and gentle, even if he could break every bone in your body.
This was the flood of horrific chemicals in his bloodstream talking. Fuck John, fuck John and his fucking teeth and his fucking cock and his fucking legs.
"Mr. Lestrade?" Mycroft looked up. Using a fake name was compulsory, and just why he'd chosen that one, he kept firmly to himself. He nodded and looked to Sherlock, who looked at the door with fear. He swallowed and shakily stood, pain flooding between his legs, shivering and taking the Nurses outstretched hand as she led him to the exam room. He dared one look behind his shoulder at Mycroft.
Sherlock gasped when he saw his reflection. His ears felt naked, his curls cropped up tighter and neater, over his collar and above his ears. He looked, manly, almost. As if his gangling frame and feminine features could hide his secondary. Mrs. Hudson was in the sitting room, sweeping up the evidence of his beautiful locks to toss. He ran his fingers through his hair, his hands coming up empty. He swallowed thickly, turning his face back and forth, leaning over the sink. He let out his held breath and let his forehead rest on the cool glass of the mirror, a little cloud of fog beneath his nose.
"I cheated on you, Sherlock," John whispered, his heart racing and it was silent again, and he watched intently the expression on his lover's face, it was almost childish, soft and innocent and anguished it was gut-wrenching.
"You can't order me, Mycroft!" Sherlock spat, sitting up on his elbows and glaring at his brother with furrowed brows.
"We're heading for Gdansk, sir, I was told to let you know," John nodded and stepped away from the edge, turning to examine her better. She was pretty, fresh faced and blonde with lovely blue eyes and curled hair tucked up into a bun. She added sadly, "A lot of casualties and evacuations, sir, you'll be needed on triage,"
"Are you in the army?" Sherlock jumped and looked at a girl, maybe a few years younger than him, batting her eyelashes and staring up at him. He swallowed nervously and furrowed his brows.
Sherlock's lips turned into a shy smile and he wrapped his arms around John’s neck, tucking his nose into his shirt and whispered, “I love you, daddy,”
John was about to make his way into the top when a white ball of fur ran through his ankles, yowling and scratching at his trousers. Jesus Christ! He almost took a tumble before gathering himself, only to meet the rest of the parade, Mrs. H calling after the creature and Sherlock following, eyes wild and blazing emerald.
"You're worried about her," Was all the alpha said, caressing Greg's nape with his soft, powerful hands. He nodded, looking dolefully into his empty glass. "You shouldn't be,"
, and only once you'd spoken and made introductions to their alpha. But Greg didn't care about all that. And knowing My, Sherlock was most likely sharp as whip, and it would be better to have him on his side.
"I have to go, love," John whispered, running his fingers down across his nape, resting at the collar of his shirt. "You must promise to write me, as often as you can,"
"You're shaking, Sherl, what's going on?" She soothed, rubbing up and down his arms, "I know it's hard to lose a friend, but she's in a better place, and it was probably painless."
"I burnt the roast," Sherlock laughed, his lips turned into that silly little smile. John chuckled and led Sherlock by the hand into the sitting room.
"Sherlock, this is bigger than me! I've sworn allegiance to my country, to my King, and that comes before anything. Even you. Now stop being such a child!"
Comander Mortimer smiled as she refreshed her cuppa, sipping at the disgusting regulation tea and bracing her nostrils, giving the blond Captain a glance.
“Sherlock, why don’t you sit in your chair and let’s talk this through, can you do that for me please?” John was being so gentle with him, his natural instinct was to care for a submissive, to keep them safe in their subspace, which was clearly where Sherlock was floating now. Sherlock slowly sat in his leather chair, leaning on the edge of it, fidgeting with his fingers. “That’s a good boy, Sherlock.” Sherlock’s face flushed and his stomach tumbled at the praise. A warmth began to spread through his body, a glowing shining pride in being
"No reason to?" Sherlock scoffed, blinking and watching this ignorant man with disdain, "Would you have taken me seriously if I came in here eight months pregnant and reeking of my husband?"
Thomas huffed, Sherlock could smell his anger boiling, and his omega was begging him to cower, run, comply. He shook his head, teeth digging into his bottom lip, breath hitching in and out through his nose in pathetic whimpers. There were footsteps, shuffling of fabric, the slight shift in gait of a man who favored his left leg, and a much more pleasant scent- whiskey and gunpowder and strawberry jam (?). Sherlock peeked one eye open, his heart beating out of his chest. He fearfully looked down, refusing to look in the eyes of the powerful man in front of him. His rational mind was out the window, his instincts in full control, and he tilted his head to offer his neck in submission. He received a curt chuckle, warm callused fingers gripping his chin and pulling his gaze from the ornate hall carpet.
, and the thrill sent fire through his veins. John growled and deepened the kiss, hands resting on Sherlock's hips. John pulled away, tucking his hands in his pockets and grinning.
"It's a camera!" Sherlock beamed, holding it and looking down in to the viewfinder, "Look, there's you!" He smiled at the little reflection of John, sitting in their room with his uniform on.
"Yes, love, quite extraordinary," John whispered, placing his hand on Sherlock's knee, and Sherlock flushed, leaning his cheek against John's shoulder and breathing in deep.
"I know, love, but you're not ready for me yet," He helped Sherlock out of his swimming costume, the sheets already sporting a wet spot beneath Sherlock. John sat back on his knees and pulled off his own shirt, Sherlock's pupils flared with lust, his pains growing stronger and sharper.
"Let go of my sheet!" He yanked at the fabric, trying to maintain his modesty, "Fuck! Let go!" He growled, but the leader seemed to only growl back.
"I don't understand!" Sherlock whined, throwing his head back, "Do you have a death wish or something? They'll send you to Poland, to Germany,
"I suppose so," Sherlock whispered, leaning his cheek on his shoulder, closing his eyes. His mind was screaming at his body to stop.
be alive, answer me, damnit!" He shook his head, lulling forward and finding himself on a very wet shoulder. "Cough it out, Sherlock," He gasped as there was a slap to his back and he did cough, horribly, and snot and blood dribbled out of his nose and his eyes burned from the salt.
"You told me to complete it in ten minutes sir," Alan's mouth sat slightly agape, taking the paper from Sherlock harshly and looking it over. He glared at the paper and then looked up at the nervous looking boy in front of him. Holy hell, five minutes? He solved it in
Sherlock moaned as John pressed him against the wall of the supply closet, some silver candlesticks clattering to the floor. Sherlock's curls flopped back against his neck as he let out a breathy cry, John's hands roaming his naked body with medical precision, delicate and firm and callused and soft and- oh! He twisted Sherlock's left nipple with a punishing snap, and Sherlock keened.
“Want to please you, sir, want you to care for me, keep me right, John,” Sherlock looked up beggingly, “please, I need it, sir,” A single doleful tear dribbled down and John tutted, wiping it away with his thumb.
Mycroft hated social gatherings, as a general rule. He looked down at his glass of champagne and sighed, watching each little bubble as it ventured to the surface with a teeny little
"Just you wait, Mycroft, you won't always control me." Sherlock smirked. British Government here could boast all he wanted, but the second war broke out Sherlock was leaving. Gonna be a nurse or a mechanic or something equally plain just to tick Mycroft off.
He rushed up the staircase, into his quite empty room, slipping onto his belly and crawling under his bed, rattling open that floorboard and pulling out his case. It's contents had since been altered. It now held as much money as he could scrape together without Mycroft noticing, a bottle of Alpha cologne, and a list of phone numbers with two names.
They took a hired car, and Sherlock sat, gazing out the window in awe. Palm trees lined the avenue, tall white hotels and bicycles and flowers and a thousand new smells that wafted through the open window. The terrain soon turned to hills covered in luscious green semi-tropical grasses and shrubs, little cutouts of crumbling white rock.
"Oh my god, you liar! You're engaged!" She cried, reaching forward and grasping his hand, "Ah! That's so cute, what's his name?" Sherlock sputtered and flinched from her over zealousness.
"S-scissors," Sherlock whispered, eyes shut tight, gooseflesh all over his buttocks and thighs at the cool air of the exam room. Dr. Morgan's eyebrows raised and he reached across to a tray with a speculum, warming the metal with his gloved fingers.
Sherlock bit his lip, drawing his knees to his chest as he watched the sky, the last flickering stars fading in the murky blue, the salty fog of the sea settling on his skin. The world was awakening, the first lights of day beginning to glow through the swaying leaves of trees. The birds had been chirping for a few hours now, and their songs only grew sweeter. His fingers found their way to the mark on his neck, it stung a bit still, but it's colour had faded to a dusty rose.
"Fuck off." Harry groaned, her anger soothing at the lack of competing alpha scent. "You're right. You do look ridiculous."
"Mummy?" He cried, tiny voice, small shiny shoes clacking on the marble floors of the north corridor, "Mycroft?" His cries grew in desperation as he searched the house, sweat dripping down his back and drenching his shirt. He peeled off his tweed blazer, dragging it by the sleeve as he ran. "Mykie! Mummy! Please, somebody!" He found one of the downstairs maids, whose nose twitched as he frantically approached.
"What do you want?" Sherlock said quite seriously, kneeling to look them in the eyes, and the lead one barked a reponse before jumping into the closet and licking his face. Sherlock blushed and smiled, petting him between the ears and struggling to pull his black button down over his shoulders, buttoning them with a peeved expression as his ears continued getting kisses. He looked up at John and rolled his eyes, as if he were embarrassed by the puppers attention.
Completely and entirely. John sipped at his freshly poured whiskey, setting it on the side table by his arm chair before approaching. He circled Sherlock like a predator stalking it's prey. He loved him, hopelessly, but Sherlock's blatant disrespect at the crime scene was unacceptable. John knelt down in front of Sherlock, lifting his chin and examining his teary ice blue eyes. He pulled his dogtags off of Sherlock, slipping them into his pocket, wrapping his sturdy leather collar around in their absence. He fastened the collar a bit tighter than necessary, enjoying Sherlock's stutter at the slight pressure.
his positions. Degrading, inhuman, horrific. The idea he'd ever have to execute them in reality was rarely out of the dusty corner of his mind. In fact, he rarely thought about
"Good lad, now go fetch me some shoes, they're over there," He gestured to the armoire, and Sherlock hurried off as John pulled on his vest and tugged on trousers. Sherlock didn't even realized he'd followed an order until he held the shoes and socks in his hands, looking down at them in horror.
it. Wanted to be as close to John as he possibly could, skin on skin, touching him, touching John, even if it hurt, he wanted to please John. He wanted it horribly. And it was revolting.
"Good omega, so good," John growled, Sherlock's voice catching with a high-pitched whimper, knees spread further still.
Sherlock closed his eyes and let out a shaky breath. He had never wanted this before, but at this moment his whole body was thrumming with deep and soul-penetrating
"I- I'm sorry, John," Sherlock said awkwardly, right hand clenched into a fist by his side, eyes awash with shame. John only gave him an affirming squeeze and shook his head, guiding Sherlock's knuckles to his lips and pressing soft kisses to them.
"Sherlock was drugged," Greg panted, leaning on his elbows. "Heat Inducers, seen 'em before at the Met. Mr. Trevor here was going to force a bond with him." Violet gasped, and Mycroft's eyebrows hunched together.
"I think he's beautiful," Elanor said finally, as if it were a judicial decree. She received some nods of affirmation before they were all interrupted by a sharp whistle, everyone scattering into formation, facing front. Sherlock followed their example and took his place at the end, watching nervously as a large, older woman with her hair pushed up tightly under her hat, a riffle slung over her shoulder and a sharp green uniform stood before them, looking them over. Sherlock gawked at the sight of it, was he going to shoot a gun? The thought sent an excited and nervous shiver down his back.
The metal chains of the swing creaked as he slowly pushed himself back. and forth. back. and forth. What was wrong with him? He looked out across the tall green stalks of grass, lush and brightening with the promise of spring. His throat burned with tears that he would not let fall. He knew that some of Mycroft's threats were true. Omegas unbonded by age 20 were drafted, property of the government, to breed for infertile betas and keep the dwindling population up. He still had quite some time before then, didn't he? He would fight till the end, he decided. He would not be mounted, not by anyone. He would kill himself before he was 20, and scare away any alpha Mycroft brought along. He would not let them win. That was the worst thing- to be defeated.
"After I talk to your brother, if you'd prefer?" The sobering thought of his loathsome brother knocked him right out of the trance- foggy senses beginning to clear. Fuck! Fuck he was, dancing, practically scenting this beastly alpha who could snap him in two and smelled really really good...
"No, love, no need to be sorry, but I need to know where those nasty thoughts came from," Daddy curled a strand of his hair in his fingers gently, thumbing away the rebellious tears that had spilled against all of Sherlock's will to stop them. "You said some awfully mean things to yourself, things that are not true, sweet boy," Daddy kissed his forehead and continued to pet his locks. "After that text from your brother, I'm concerned." Sherlock sniffled and wiped his nose on the back of his hand, the tuft of leaves he'd been holding slipping from his fingers to the top of the bench.
, I'm going to be married tomorrow," Sherlock pulled on his dressing gown, quite aware he was only in his pyjamas, heart racing a mile a minute.
The corporal didn't speak, he just watched the dark, icy Baltic Sea as it clapped against the metal hull, the groaning ship rocking back and forth. He nodded in a silent agreement before looking back to the closed port door.
“Sherlock, slow down, I’ve no idea what you’re saying,” John held up his hands soothingly, “Who are you talking about?”
out before breakfast." She pointed to his knotted and snarling hair. Sherlock looked up at his fringes- he didn't mind them curly and crazy. In fact, he adored the way people looked at him when he left them to their own volitions. He sighed and slumped at the vanity, pulling his knees to his chest as she wet her hands in the basin, pulling the water through his hair. It had been a bit of a struggle the first few times they'd tamed the beast, as Sherlock refused all contact from betas or alphas, so Esther had been called in as reinforcement.
Sherlock deposited the bottles on the bench, breath tight in his lungs. John seemed oblivious, looking over, bills? Oh what did it matter, Sherlock got to work. Noxious fumes soon were wafting through the kitchen as Sherlock got to work, using his cigarette lighter for some of the tricky solvents. John looked up after hours passed, eyebrows scrunched together.
The omega kicked his feet out, finally in comfortable clothes after months of regulation fabric that was no better than a flour sack. His feet slapped against the wood floor as he went into the washroom, filling the basin and dunking his hair into the tepid water. His eyes squeezed closed as the product oozed into the water, his hair finally free from it. He shook like a dog, his locks soft and full underwater, he just wanted to wash this horrible day off. His armor slowy began to dissipate and he was exhausted. He fluffed at his hair with a towell and slumped back into the sitting room, feeling so exposed and nervous and delicate he could snap.
"And I'm not leaving my work, John," Sherlock said seriously as he pulled himself off the knot, John's flaccid cock slipping freely and his hole tightening back closed.
He's a genius to let us have heat together. I haven't wanted your cock in my arse so much since-" Sherlock's brows burrowed in concentration, "oh I don't know, a long while, John, that's all. It's been a very long while."
"You're the one wearing alpha cologne dearie," Sherlock gasped and sniffed his wrist, lips turning up into unbelieving smile.
Sherlock couldn't hold himself back anymore, couldn't hold back the sobs that wracked through him. He clutched for his daddy, desperate to feel his warmth, the safety in those arms. He whispered, pleading, voice small and sweet, "daddy."
"Christ," John whispered as HMHS Paris approached the shore, looking through binoculars to the pale sand streaked with queues of ants. But they weren't ants, they were soldiers. "How many are there?"
"...in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Spirit. Those whom God has joined together let not man put asunder. Amen."
"Not- don't feel so good-" Greg gasped as Sherlock fell against his shoulder. He'd never seen an omega faint, and the wafting smell of hormones and arousal made every nose at the table sniff. Victor smirked, Mycroft sighed and closed his eyes in embarrassment. Louise only looked sad.
Sherlock keened and nodded, shaking and trembling like  a leaf, shivering as beads of sweat rolled down his back, John's clothed thighs chafing against his own.
"Well, I accidentally broke the sewing machine. It wasn't my fault, I promise! It runs away from you!" Sherlock shook his head, shaking away the hateful experience, "It's so frustrating, I guess I thought these, house things were
Sherlock dressed as John showered, his favourite blue pan-collared shirt and black trousers, blue socks and black wingtips, tying the delicate laces with shivering fingers, his tummy wrenching in pain. He clenched his teeth and laboured through. Mycroft had sent his vanity from his old room, and it's feminine floral design looked so out of place, it's large oval mirror almost mocking him and his washed out skin. He sat at the stool and set about his routine, placing a few dots of sunscreen on his skin, combing through his curls and trying to make them look decent.
"Oh, God, Jawn," Sherlock whispered, his head thrown back and the voice in the phone sounding more and more distant as he curled his own delicate fingers around his cock, "doesn't feel the same, not at all,"
"7 years can do that to a person, yes." Sherlock poured the brandy into the glass and sucked the whole of it down.
Mrs. Hudson hummed as she washed the dishes, feet shuffling about, hips swaying. Sherlock was quiet, silent, as he sat at her table, nose buried in a book. She grinned and scrubbed intently, tune jolly and bright. The sun was out, and it shone through her curtains in lovely rays that warmed the dark lower floor. Sherlock had taken to spending a few hours in her flat in the mornings, sipping at tea and barely nibbling at the scrummy breakfasts she cooked.
"I'll admit, you are beautiful, Sherlock, no matter if you can see it or not, but that's not why I want you." John cleared his throat, eyes full and deep as the ocean, lapping at the shore, "I chose you because I think you're brilliant, your mind and your heart, you see so much more than the rest of us, and you
"And now, we wait," Sherlock said softly, excited to have a real experiment to run, but quite apprehensive to the results. He snapped off his gloves and held the shivering thing close to his chest, feeling quite nurturing. "I think we'll have that cabbage now,"
oh dear, how do I explain...I've been so busy with studying for exams I haven't had any time to write, and this chapter is SO tiny I'm so sorry. I want you all to know I have not given up! This story should be done in about 5 more chapters I hope to get done over half-term and possibly winter break as well. I love you all so very much, kisses and love for your support cuties xxx
"You're not an idiot, Sherlock, not in the slightest, and there's no reason to worry, you'll have Mrs. H once you've moved in,"
"Oh my god, dear, you're alright, you're alright," She said kindly, brushing his curls and holding upright as he swayed on his knees, his face ashen pale.
Mycroft scowled and looked in his notebook before leering, "A telephone operator and mechanic, how charming" He leered and Sherlock fumed. Mrs. Hudson realized Sherlock was so upset and she pet his sleeve.
"I'd like to enlist," He said nervously, his face flush and his tongue heavy in his mouth. The woman only smirked and looked him up and down.
eh sweetheart?" The man was closer, closer still and Sherlock could feel his breath, it was hot and Sherlock couldn't move he couldn't move and the man smelled like eels and beer and he was close, too close and- Sherlock screetched as the man pinched his arse, reeling around and dropping the sandbag, sending the tan course contents spilling across the cobbled street. He gasped, his entire body rigid with fear. He shut his eyes tight, trembling like a leaf.
"I am no longer under your thumb, Mycroft, now go! Get out!" Sherlock shouted, snarling, his omega completely in control. A stranger in his nest, an alpha in his nest. His bond bite was throbbing, even if it was his brother. Sherlock didn't consider him family, so neither did his omega. Mycroft's frown deepened when he smelled Sherlock's defense, a foul concoction of pheromones designed to repel dangers. He stood, coughing and covering his horrendous nose with his handkerchief, remembering a few things from his school days.
"Sherlock, either stand here and let Clara put it on you or I'll hold you down." Greg snarled, and Sherlock whimpered, looking up with wide eyes of betrayal.
“Sherlock, sweetheart, time to wake up, we’re home,” Sherlock’s eyes fluttered open as daddy unbuckled his seat belt and pulled him onto his hip. He hadn’t even realized he’d fallen asleep, but he drowsily leaned his head on daddy’s shoulder as they rode the lift. “We need to have a talk, princess, and then we can open your early gift, ‘right love?” Sherlock nodded, stomach churning at the thought of their evening. Daddy had relied on Sherlock to do one thing- to behave and to be respectful, and Sherlock had ruined it. Embarrassed his daddy and spoiled his Christmas. Tears welled in his eyes as they entered the flat and daddy set him gingerly on the kitchen bench, tugging the velvety jacket off Sherlock’s trembling shoulders. Daddy flicked on the kettle and set to making tea, Sherlock sniffling and fidgeting with the cuffs of his silk shirt.
John held tightly to his hand, wrapping their arms around each other, guiding him down the aisle in the blur of movement and sounds and colours. Sherlock was in a daze as they exited the church into a fountain of rice.
He switched the slides and his bond ached again, he slapped a hand over his neck and whined, a pitiful, biological response that came through his nose in a high pitched sound of desperation. Alphas were so lucky, he thought as he groaned, a rut wasn't specific. Anything that breathed was free game when their precious knots were involved. Whereas Sherlock, well his body craved only John, his alpha, his mate.
What the fuck? He didn’t know at all what was happening, but he knew exactly where he’d be 12 oclock tomorrow.
“He likes you,” Ross laughed. Stephen never stopped gazing into those eyes- so deep and full of mourning and midnight. Ross’s smiles were the most beautiful thing in the multiverse, he decided, yes, this was the most beautiful creature he had ever encountered. His chosen. His badass CIA agent. What a lovely, lovely thought.
"Yes, well, I know Mycroft enough to know that the PM's got nothing to do with it, tell me, Holmes, whisked out of University?" Sherlock resisted the urge to deny all knowledge of Mycroft's existence but held his tongue. His newfound freedom could only take him so far, and telling off his new boss(?) was not a proper start.
"Oh," Sherlock nibbled on his lip some more, his heart thumping in his chest. He blinked away tears and took a shaky breath. "That's- that's good,"
. John’s life as a dom and his life with Sherlock were separate, and mixing them felt foreign. Sherlock’s sheer level of trust was intoxicating. Soon Sherlock returned, kneeling at John’s feet with a mug of tea, holding it out like it was worth more than him. John sighed sadly and took the tea.
"He loves you My, he really does." Mycroft raised his eyebrows in disagreement, but continued to pet Gregory's knee, his skin warm beneath the fabric of his trousers.
1) I do not speak french, but I did change some of the adjectives for Sherlock to their feminine versions so don't be alarmed!
“With some peppermint?” He asked shyly, biting his lip some more. John set him gently on the sofa, wrapping a blanket around his shoulders before heading to the kitchen and flicking on the kettle. Sherlock watched his back intently before turning back to Pine Cone (he was adamant that was this tree’s name, even though he was a Fir tree) and watching the fairy lights twinkle off and on, lighting up the whole room. A fire crackled in the fireplace. Sherlock bit his lip and picked up the presents that were in the corner, carrying the stack carefully to rest beneath Pine Cone. They barely all fit, he hoped Father Christmas wouldn’t mind that there wasn’t much space for gifts. John returned with a mug of cocoa for Sherlock and a glass of whiskey for daddy. Sherlock beamed and took his mug in his fingers, his whole body filling with warmth and shivering at the lovely sensation of heat, steam condensing on his forehead and fridge. He wiped his brow with his arm and went to take a gulp before John tutted.
"t-two sugars, sir," Sherlock softly spoke, eyes still downcast, watching the deep amber liquid with false fascination. Why only two? There were four of them.
"No, you're coming, you'll feel better with a drink and some nice music, now get undressed and put these on," She tossed him his clothes and Sherlock grumbled as she set about doing her hair.
"Jesus Christ! Have you taken something?!" John growled, eyebrows furrowed. Sherlock nodded meekly and began to cry some more.
He opened Sherlock’s door and put a firm hand low on his back, leading him in. The waitress led them to the table without even asking their name. Sherlock took inventory of all the other customers. Newspaper owner, cabinet minister, actress. Waitress is an actress too. No gigs. Coat check is writing a novel, but his sister is dying. All the thoughts were dizzying, and John gave him a worried look.
"I'm alright," Sherlock rubbed his eyes and stepped onto the pavement, but the sweet woman ignored him, gripping him arm in arm and pulling him along. He let her guide him into the downstairs flat, sitting him into wooden dining chair and flicking on the hob to put the kettle on.
He could probably fashion some sort of chemical mixture with these supplies to make sure any fetus would flush out of his system, that wasn't the problem but his omega
"Mr. Holmes!" Mrs. Hudson cried, holding her frying pan over her head and gasping. "Really boys, you act like children!" She pulled Sherlock by his shirt and deposited him in the kitchen, and turned to the elder brother and gave him a withering stare.
"We're on our way, sunshine, just stay calm, stay by the callbox, don't talk to anyone." Greg put down the phone, swinging his coat around his shoulders and grabbing Mycroft's hand, looking into his fearful, pale blue eyes. "He's alright."
"I suppose you know the way, but I thought a formal tour was in order," John marched up the steps, Sherlock following, eyes memorizing every detail of the victorian wall paper, fingers tracing the banister lightly. "This is the sitting room, there's the kitchen, our room's down the hall, bathroom, two rooms upstairs, and Mrs. Hudson's flat and the cafe below." Sherlock looked around the dark, musty, masculine flat, loving every inch. This wasn't a house, not like Mycroft and Greg's house. This was a home.
He was starting to not even make sense to himself anymore. The door to their room creaked open, and his chin whipped around to see who it was. Marie jumped when he saw her, but her shock faded into a sweet smile.
Sherlock's breath caught as he held the paper tight in his fingers, eyes wide as he watched himself in the reflective shop windows, leaving the Territorial Service office and going back to Baker Street for his last night. His stomach fluttered like a thousand butterflies inside of him, and he looked at the Sherlock staring back from the window, in his smart looking khaki shorts and uniformed shirt and blazer. He grimaced and looked down at his bare knees, shuffling a bit in the heavy standard issue fabric. He looked silly, but when he'd asked for trousers they'd laughed in his face. He read his orders over and over, growing antsier and antsier as he made his way home. He received some amused looks as he went, and he ignored them, feeling rather important as he stepped down the street.
