'Yet Monsieur Watson'—said his brother, before drifting into silence, and sinking into a restless slumber; saving Sherlock, he thought, from a hard effort in maintaining his own silence; and so he departed for his own chamber.
As blows this hollow gust of wind?
John feels as if he might rip his face off before the qualifier is over. As Sherlock stared at the camera in the kiss ‘n’ cry, his scores, all four of them, had flashed up on the screen with a ‘6’ next to his name.
If you're enjoying this story, I'd really love a comment or kudos :)  Mwa!
In the previous chapter, John is described as wearing 'hunting dress'.  This
“Now, Lin, the Chinese athlete fifth coming into this rotation takes the floor…. Ooh!! A big tumble at the start Irene! Oh no, another!”
Claude Gellée, known as Claude Lorrain. 1644.
Sherlock stood, fiddling with his drawstring. “So, let’s… go in?” he said.
“Mmm-hmm,” Bill replies. “Hey, Mike, do you remember a Greek bird, sailing or something, from the Beijing games?  Bailed me up in the cafeteria when she saw the uniform, wanting to know if Johnny was here again. Half his luck, I thought.”
“Really? God, people train overseas and you miss out on all the goss.”
“Oooh, look, here come the Brits! C’mon!” Jumping to his feet, John waved his corner of the flag, he and Mike and energetic but not particularly coordinated duo. “Woo!! Britain!!” John hollered, poking Sherlock’s leg with his toes. “Get up!”
Yet these hopes were so new, so unexpected, so astonishing, that he did not dare to trust, though he could not resolve to discourage them. He sat down by the casement, breathless, and overcome with the alternate emotions of hope and fear; then rose again, leaned from the window, that he might catch a nearer sound, listened, now doubting and then believing. Yes, it was possible, that John was near him, and he recollected circumstances, which confirmed the deduction that John was near him once more. Sherlock remembered John had more than once said that the fishing-house, where he had formerly listened to this voice and air, and where he had seen pencilled sonnets, addressed to himself, had been John’s favourite haunt, before he had been made known to Sherlock; there, too, he had himself unexpectedly met him. It appeared, from these circumstances, more than probable, that John was the musician, who had formerly charmed his attention, and the author of the lines, which had expressed such tender admiration;—who else, indeed, could it be? Sherlock was unable, at that time, to form a conjecture, as to the writer, but, since his acquaintance with John, whenever he had mentioned the fishing-house to have been known to him, he had not scrupled to believe that John was the author of the sonnets.
The midnight clock has toll'd; and hark, the bell
'I heard it, last night, monsieur, but I forgot to tell it.'
Recollecting, that it was for John's sake he had thus resisted, he now smiled complacently upon the threatened sufferings, and finding the spot, which his brother had described as the repository of the papers, relative to the estates; and, since he knew of no better place of concealment, than this, returned them there.
'Explain, Molly, explain the meaning of all this before you go,' said Sherlock, so overcome with surprise and timid hope, that he had scarcely breath to speak, let alone the energy to deduce these circumstances.
'And what objection have you to that cannon, more than to any of the rest?' said Sherlock, ‘the best would be rather a hard bed.'
John dusted some sand off his sky blue bathers. “C’mon, I’ll race you,” he called back at Sherlock as he sprinted towards the sea. Just as the sand began to feel wet underfoot, a pale streak flashed past him and splashed into the water, Sherlock bobbing up moments later with a self-satisfied expression.
John looks. There, in a teeny plastic bag, is a small pin, proudly bearing the words ‘British House’ on the background of (of course) a stylized Union Jack.
Lestrade’s fists are jammed in his pockets as he stares fixedly at the ceiling, avoiding looking at the backstage commotion. John knows just how he feels. Two decades of gymnastics means this isn’t the first time he’s seen a leotard being glued to a bum, but somehow knowing that 26 world-leading athletes are wrestling themselves in and out of bits of netting and sequins just behind you feels…. indecent.
Daylight dispelled from Sherlock's mind the glooms of superstition, but not those of apprehension. The Count Wilkes was the first image, that occurred to his waking thoughts, and then came a train of anticipated evils, which he could neither conquer, nor avoid.  He rose, and, to relieve his mind from the busy ideas, that tormented it, compelled himself to notice external objects and to attempt some deductions. From his casement he looked out upon the wild grandeur of the scene, closed nearly on all sides by alpine steeps, whose tops, peeping over each other, faded from the eye in misty hues, while the promontories below were dark with woods, that swept down to their base, and stretched along the narrow vallies. The rich pomp of these woods was particularly impressive to Sherlock; and he viewed with astonishment the fortifications of the castle spreading along a vast extent of rock, and now partly in decay, the grandeur of the ramparts below, and the towers and battlements and various features of the fabric above. From these his sight wandered over the cliffs and woods into the valley, along which foamed a broad and rapid stream, seen falling among the crags of an opposite mountain, now flashing in the sun-beams, and now shadowed by over-arching pines, till it was entirely concealed by their thick foliage. Again it burst from beneath this darkness in one broad sheet of foam, and fell thundering into the vale.
'Why, yes, Sherlock; what can one do in such a place as this, if one must not talk? But come, we lose time—let me shew you to the picture.'
Feeling the giddy rush of spirits that sometimes comes after a fright; Sherlock took the dog into the garden, and walked down to the terrace, that overhung the river. The sun was now set; the bat flitted silently by; and, now and then, the mourning note of the nightingale was heard.
'Did you hear any thing?' said Moriarty.
, who thinks Sherlock is clever and laughs and likes his parents and he’s a champion at the
Sherlock’s eyes dart from Mike to Bill and back to John again, mouth clamming shut in a thin line.
“Certainly I can,” snapped Sherlock. “In the re-enactment here, he takes the point of view of the gunman, not himself as purported victim. Notice he also points his fingers at the interviewer’s cheek and eye, not the forehead. Inconsistent. And the gesticulation for the handgun? Highly atypical. Two-fingered pointing softens the impact, any flight attendant or theme park employee will tell you.  He avoids using aggressive gestures subconsciously, because no aggression was perpetrated on him. Gesticulation, dark glasses and wear on the shirt collar indicate aggression on his part, likely under the influence of alcohol as we can see by the stained fingers. So I say again: Liar.”
'O!' replied Douglas, 'it is impossible to mistake him, for certainly there is not more than one man in the world, who has both the merit to deserve compliment and the wit to refuse it. Most men reverse the case entirely.' He looked again at Sherlock, who observed him carefully.
Victor stayed only long enough to see Sherlock’s acknowledging nod before turning and making his way back up the steps, two at a time. “Good luck on Sunday, Victor!” called John with phony cheer to Victor’s retreating back.
Sherlock could not forbear smiling at Molly's ideas of John, and repeated his enquiry, whether he had heard the servants talk of prisoners.
Check out
On hearing this, John’s voice and countenance changed to an expression of dark despair. 'Sherlock!' said he, 'this, this moment is the bitterest that is yet come to me. You do not—cannot love me!—It would be impossible for you to reason thus coolly, thus deliberately, if you did. I, I am torn with anguish at the prospect of our separation, and of the evils that may await you in consequence of it; I would encounter any hazards to prevent it—to save you. No! Sherlock, no!—you cannot love me.'
He draws back a little, smiles at her. “You got this, yeah?  You’ll be fine, you’ll do amazing.”
“Well then all four!” Honestly, he must never be allowed to do any interviews, it would be bad for the team.
Sherlock work at an early hour, little refreshed by sleep, for uneasy dreams had pursued him, and marred the kindest blessing of the unhappy. But, when he opened the casement, looked out upon the woods, bright with the morning sun, and inspired the pure air, his mind was soothed.
“Attagirl!” John calls out after her, arms full of clubs. Not looking back, she gives them all the finger as she stalks away, her coach trotting along behind.
Th' immortal mind, that hath forsook
Sherlock gasped a breath round the meat of his palm as John’s mouth was upon him, his gasps echoed in the shiver of the leaves in the night, only stopped once John’s mouth was upon his own again, claiming his cries as he felt the strong, sure, hand of John around him; around them both, driving him to the heights of the sublimest ecstasy.  His body trembled and shook, he was undone, he was entire, he was shattering apart under the body of his lover, he was coalescing and reforming under the moon-light and the cry of the nightingale.
“Sherlock,” John says again, rough and drawn out. “D’you want to sit on the couch? Because right now I’d just really, really like to kiss you. If that’s ok with you.” John swallows. “If that’s what you want.”
? Fuckssake, Watson,” she says, thrusting Mary’s clubs into John’s chest. “And as for you,” she snarls at Mary, “you’ll see me on the podium,
Sherlock looks undecided, but his coach, Mrs. Hudson pushes past him in the hallway and begins enthusiastically hugging some of the women’s coaches, bestowing plentiful cheek-kisses and excited shrieking in some Slavic tongue; leaving him little option but to step inside the doorway and wait. The group photo is still underway, those coaches who weren’t pushy enough (or distracted by Mrs. Hudson) now getting their chance to capture John’s pearly whites.
'I am not so sure of that,' said Barnardine, propelling Sherlock to the room he had opened: 'Get in here, while I step up.'
John smiled. “Plans when you get back to London?”
'If this is a person who has designs upon the castle,' said he, 'my curiosity may prove fatal to me; yet the mysterious music, and the lamentations I heard, must surely have proceeded from him: if so, he cannot be an enemy.'
'The door is locked,' answered Myscroft.
John’s response of “Err. Windmills, right?” gives Violet her cue.
, John realized belatedly.
He and Sherlock continued sunk in musing silence for some leagues, from which melancholy reverie Sherlock first awoke, and his young fancy, struck with the grandeur of the objects around, gradually yielded to delightful impressions. The road now descended into glens, confined by stupendous walls of rock, grey and barren, except where shrubs fringed their summits, or patches of meagre vegetation tinted their recesses, in which the wild goat was frequently browsing. And now, the way led to the lofty cliffs, from whence the landscape was seen extending in all its magnificence.
'He had a very particular engagement with the Marquis La Riviere,' replied Douglas, 'which has detained him, I perceive, till this moment, or he would have done himself the honour of paying his respects to you, monsieur, sooner, as he commissioned me to say. But, I know not how it is—your conversation is so fascinating—that it can charm even memory, I think, or I should certainly have delivered my friend's apology before.'
“Well, put it on,” instructed Molly. John slipped the ribbon round his neck and stood for inspection, arms behind his back. “Oh, well done John, you worked so hard, it’s so exciting, just good on you, really good on you,” enthused Molly, her hands wrung against her chest.
He continued walking in the gallery, till evening threw its melancholy twilight through the painted casements, and deepened the gloom of the oak wainscoting around him; while the distant perspective of the corridor was so much obscured, as to be discernible only by the glimmering window, that terminated it.
With these resolutions Sherlock met Moriarty at the appointed time, and waited to hear his intention before he renewed his request. With Moriarty were Moran and another officer, and both were standing near a table, covered with papers, which he appeared to be examining.
'The chateau in the woods!' exclaimed the peasant—'Do you mean that with the turret, yonder?'
“But why have you brought me one?”
'What turret?' asked Holmes with quickness, 'I see none.'
Will Sherlock's mind recover? Will he learn the better of wandering around spooky castles with dodgy characters? Who was behind this unexpected abduction attempt? And what of Mycroft?
for difficulty of movements as well as artistic interpretation (music, how the apparatus is moved, etc).  They really do have a kiss n' cry area where they have to wait to get the scores (like figure skating in the winter olympics). It looks awful.
“Ah, well, what they actually say was that your coach was reviewing the scoring sheets with Mary’s coach, hello Miss Hawkins, whilst Mary was practicing her clubs routine. So your coach wasn’t looking at the room, so Mary could have been anywhere. Like out in the hall belting you, for instance.”
, he thought with some satisfaction. His medal gleamed softly even in the dull light of the room, sitting innocuously on the miniscule nightstand where he’d placed it before falling face-first onto the bed last night. He smiled, a deep purr of satisfaction coming from his chest. So much
“Good evening,” Sherlock said formally, looking caught. “Don’t let me spoil the…ah…reveal?”
Sherlock started. 'How is this?' said he—'Have seen it! When?—how?'
“He is one of your favourites isn’t he dear?  You were always partial to blonds."
When he had concluded, he gave the violin to Sherlock, who, to avoid any appearance of affectation, immediately began to play. He played a melancholy little air, one of the popular songs of his native province, with a simplicity and pathos that made it enchanting. But its well-known melody brought so forcibly to his heart the scenes and the persons, among which he had often heard it, that his spirits were overcome, and the bow of the violin was moved with a disordered hand; till, ashamed of the emotion he had betrayed, he suddenly passed on to a song so gay and airy, that the steps of the dance seemed almost to echo to the notes. BRAVISSIMO! burst instantly from the lips of his delighted auditors, and Sherlock was compelled to repeat the air. Among the compliments that followed, those of the Count were not the least audible, and they had not concluded, when Sherlock gave the instrument to Signora Livona.
John smiled to himself and carefully laid back, floating on the gentle swell of the waves.  He relaxed, enjoying the cool of the ocean on his sun-warmed body. Until Sherlock’s head popped up next to him and he rolled over in surprise, coming up spluttering.
Did you know the Team GB kit was designed by Stella McCartney (noted designer and daughter of Sir Paul)?
And see our moon-light revels, go with us.
by US gymnast Danell Leyva.  John dances to
Sherlock made no acknowledgement other than a toss of his head as he walked back to the corner of the room.
'That which would cost me my place, at least, if it came to the Signor's ears. You must promise, young sir, that nothing shall ever make you tell a syllable of the matter; I have been trusted in this affair, and, if it was known, that I betrayed my trust, my life, perhaps, might answer it. But I was concerned for you, and I resolved to tell you.' He paused.—
Count Wilkes now passed the greater part of his time at Moriarty's, dining there almost daily, and attending Mycroft and Sherlock wherever they went; and all this, notwithstanding the uniform rudeness of Sherlock, whose brother seemed as anxious as Moriarty to promote this marriage; and would never dispense with his attendance at any assembly where the Count proposed to be present.
Having waited in silent expectation for a few minutes, with his eyes fixed on the door, it was again opened, and the same person appeared, whom he now knew to be Moriarty. He looked cautiously round, without perceiving Sherlock, then, stepping forward, closed the door, and left the corridor. Soon after, Sherlock heard the door fastened on the inside, and he withdrew to his chamber, wondering at what he had witnessed.
“With what, there was no weapon, genius!”
“Again!” called Sherlock, adjusting his footing to an even more precarious angle.
(See the end of the chapter for
“That’s why there was no-one on the CCTV leaving, because no-one left. Huh,” says John, to Sherlock’s nod.
At that hour, the castle was perfectly still, and every inhabitant of it, except himself, seemed to have retired to rest. As he passed along the wide and lonely galleries, dusky and silent, he felt forlorn and apprehensive of—he scarcely knew what; but when, entering the corridor, he recollected the incident of the preceding night, a dread seized him, lest a subject of alarm, similar to that, which had befallen Molly, should occur to him, and which, whether real, or ideal, would, he felt, have an almost equal effect upon his weakened spirits. The chamber, to which Molly had alluded, he did not exactly know, but understood it to be one of those he must pass in the way to his own; and, sending a fearful look forward into the gloom, he stepped lightly and cautiously along, till, coming to a door, from whence issued a low sound, he hesitated and paused; and, during the delay of that moment, his fears so much increased, that he had no power to move from the spot. Believing, that he heard a human voice within, he was somewhat revived; but, in the next moment, the door was opened, and a person, whom he conceived to be Moriarty, appeared, who instantly started back, and closed it, though not before Sherlock had seen, by the light that burned in the chamber, another person, sitting in a melancholy attitude by the fire. His terror vanished, but his astonishment only began, which was now roused by the mysterious secrecy of Moriarty's manner, and by the discovery of a person, whom he thus visited at midnight, in an apartment, which had long been shut up, and of which such extraordinary reports were circulated.
John stands up, nods at his suited-up coach. “Yes, I’m so sorry,” he says, genuine. “I can’t take the chance I’ll turn into a pumpkin.” Sherlock looks blank while his parents give a dutiful chuckle.
” they’ll say;
After the pause of a moment, he went on, and, as he entered the vaults, saw between the arches, at some distance, the men lay down the body near the edge of an open grave, where stood another of Moriarty's men and a priest, whom he did not observe, till he began the burial service; then, lifting his eyes from the ground, he saw the venerable figure of the friar, and heard him in a low voice, equally solemn and affecting, perform the service for the dead. The fierce features and wild dress of the condottieri, bending with their torches over the grave, into which the corpse was descending, were contrasted by the venerable figure of the monk, wrapt in long black garments, his cowl thrown back from his pale face, on which the light gleaming strongly shewed the lines of affliction softened by piety, and the few grey locks, which time had spared on his temples: while, beside him, stood the softer form of Sherlock, his face half averted; and his ethereal countenance fixed in grief so solemn as admitted not of tears, while he thus saw committed untimely to the earth his last relative and friend. The gleams, thrown between the arches of the vaults, where, here and there, the broken ground marked the spots in which other bodies had been recently interred, and the general obscurity beyond were circumstances, that alone would have led on the imagination of a spectator to scenes more horrible, than even that, which was pictured at the grave of the misguided and unfortunate Monsieur Mycroft.
Holmes, after some hesitation, determined to take the latter course, and Michael, having finished his meal, and harnessed his mules, again set forward and, in spite of the rough road, and the pain of his poor mules, which he had been lately lamenting, rattled, in a full gallop, along the edge of a precipice, which it made the eye dizzy to look down. Holmes was terrified; but Sherlock, calculating still greater danger from suddenly stopping the vehicle’s motion, urged him to sit quietly, and trust his fate to the strength and discretion of the mules, who seemed to possess a greater portion of the latter quality than their idiotic master; for they carried the travellers safely into the valley.
Sherlock considered.  Depending on the compromise Motteville was able to make with his creditors; it was possible his father could remain at Bakersfield, which would be best for his spirits and health.  His father’s income, never large, would now be reduced to little indeed.
'Interesting!' exclaimed Sherlock, considering this intelligence; 'and is SHE come to Musgrovio! She does well to endeavour to conceal herself.'
They continued to travel over a rough and unfrequented road; neither village nor hamlet was seen for many leagues; the goat-herd's or the hunter's cabin, perched among the cliffs of the rocks, were the only human habitations that appeared. The road eventually began to descend, and, leaving the pine forests behind, wound among rocky precipices. The evening twilight again fell over the scene, and the travellers were ignorant how far they might yet be from Beaujeu.
“We’re not all short-arses, you know,” said John at the undignified snort Sherlock gave.
“Sherlock?” John asks again.
Soon after this conversation, Mycroft sunk into a doze, and continued slumbering, till evening, when he seemed better than he had yet been. After midnight, Sherlock gave Molly the same injunction, as on the preceding night, and withdrew to his own apartment. But his spirits were wakeful and agitated, and, finding it impossible to sleep, he determined to watch, once more, for the mysterious appearance, that had so much interested and alarmed him.
'No, that leads to the inner court, which I don't choose to unlock. This way, and we shall reach the outer court presently.'
John stares determinedly ahead, blinking. It’s only because Mary is his teammate and this is her qualifying session coming up that he hasn’t told her to shut it, already. She’s leaning over the back of his chair, and between her and Sarah, who’s jostling next to him to look at the phone; the nose-twitching smell of their hairspray; and the hideous uncertainty of just how many competitors there are to go, how many could knock Sherlock out of the finals; Mary’s inane commentary is certainly not helping his lips (or his gritted teeth) survive the qualification round.
'I have deserved this,' said he, 'but not from Moriarty. It is from you, Sherlock, that I have deserved punishment, yet I receive only pity!' He paused, for he had spoken with difficulty. After a moment, he proceeded. 'I must resign you, but not to Moriarty. Forgive me the sufferings I have already occasioned you! But for THAT villain—his infamy shall not go unpunished. Carry me from this place,' said he to his servants. 'I am in no condition to travel: you must, therefore, take me to the nearest cottage, for I will not pass the night under his roof, although I may expire on the way from it.’  Cesario was now going to call up the carriage to the great gate, but the Count forbade him. 'I cannot bear the motion of a carriage,' said he: 'call some others of my people, that they may assist in bearing me in their arms.'
, John had thought, exultant.  The camera had cutaway to the British supporters in the stand, and John laughed at the screen – the Holmes’ were out in patriotic force, brandishing flags and cheering. Even Mycroft was getting in on it, nursing a stuffed lion in his lap, though still wearing a three-piece suit, John noticed.
'Twould be some solace yet, some little cheering
'I have been mistaken in my opinion of you, it appears,' rejoined Moriarty, sternly. 'You speak boldly, and presumptuously, upon a subject, which you do not understand.  If you persist in this strain—you have every thing to fear from my justice.'
'As many as you please,' said Moriarty, contemptuously.
They really do glue their leotards to their bums.
Sherlock had slipped out during the first rotation of the women’s final and still hadn’t come back, so John was chewing on his lips and watching the second rotation. Sarah and Mary were both putting on a good show, so that was something.
The man shrugs a little. “Information. Nothing indiscreet. Nothing you’d feel ... uncomfortable with. Just tell me what he’s up to.”
She looks at him scornfully. “Am
'O! you are not going, sir,' said Molly, 'for Heaven's sake, do not go, and leave me here by myself.'
The next rotation is Ball, and John sits through the first few competitors somewhat awkwardly, as with the headset cord between them, he has to be careful of moving too far lest he dislodge it. The commentary’s good though, and he learns that the ball should never be grasped, it should only be balanced or rolled, which seems a mental rule for a ball sport if you ask him, but no-one did.
'Well, perhaps, for all the castle is in such hurly-burly. Some of the men are loading the cannon, and some are examining the great gates, and the walls all round, and are hammering and patching up, just as if all those repairs had never been made, that were so long about. But what is to become of me and you, and Hopkins? O! when I hear the sound of the cannon, I shall die with fright. If I could but catch the great gate open for one minute, I would be even with it for shutting me within these walls so long!—it should never see me again.'
“Oh?” hedges John.
Sherlock, in his own apartment, considered with intense anxiety all the unjust and tyrannical conduct of Moriarty, the dauntless perseverance of Wilkes, and his own desolate situation, removed from his friends and country. He looked in vain to John, confined by his profession to a distant kingdom, as a protector; but it gave him comfort to know, that there was, at least, one person in the world, who would sympathize in his afflictions, and whose wishes would fly eagerly to release him.
“Oh” John responds, and there is a world of suppressed emotion in that small syllable.  Sherlock peers down at the trailer roof so far below and then looks down at John’s shoes. Incredible.
sports equipment, John!”
“And it’s a 15.783 for Albers, that’s enough to move him into the silver medal position with two competitors to go.”
“Yes, Coach,” John muttered under his breath. Too short on the board meant too short in the air, unable to get enough time in the air to bring his legs completely back around underneath, and a little undignified hop was the result. John exhaled sharply – not just undignified, but costly in competition.
'He! No, sir, that he did not.'
John looks casually around the crowded party. “Well, thank God you’re above all that.”
'It is by a ghost, then, who can draw bolts,' said Sherlock, endeavouring to laugh away his apprehensions; 'for I left the door open, last night, and found it fastened this morning.'
Sherlock's resolution was for a moment awed:—he shrunk at Moriarty’s words, and from the vengeance he threatened; but then, the image of John, who so long had loved him, and who was now, perhaps, so near, came to his heart, and, together with the strong feelings of indignation, with which he had from infancy, regarded an act of injustice, inspired him with a noble, though imprudent, courage.
As drops this little weeping rill,
Manifestement = so it seems
(See the end of the chapter for
'Why, little better, sir; the old housekeeper, and her husband the steward, have the care of it, but they live generally in a cottage hard by.'
Get your readin' shoes ready: in our longest chapter yet, John competes in the men's Individual all-around final.
With a flutter of farewell cheek kisses (for Sarah), congratulatory hugs (for John), and confused looks (for Sherlock) the door swung closed.
“Hey! Sherlock! Didn’t expect to see you here!”
The result was a visit from John in the evening, whom Monsieur Mycroft received alone, and they had a long conversation before Sherlock was called down. When he entered the room, his brother was conversing with complacency, and he saw the eyes of John, as he impatiently rose, animated with hope.
Sherlock's surprise, for a moment, overcame his grief.
Sherlock, terrified for the consequence of the indignation that flashed in John’s eyes, urgently assured John, that Moriarty was not at home. At the wavering accents of his voice, John’s eyes softened instantly from wildness into tenderness. 'You feel it too, Sherlock,' said he, 'they will destroy us both! Forgive me, that I dared to doubt your affection.'
other points of the subject, when I shall have the honour of seeing you.
“Charmed,” the man replied. “I say,” he muses, looking out one of the arched double-height windows onto the courtyard, “isn’t that Princess Anne out there?” Mary’s teacup barely makes it to the buffet table as she dashes for the door, phone in hand.
Sherlock smiles approvingly. “Clever, isn’t it?” he remarked. “The invisible man. Invisible weapon, too, apparently.”
'It is not Hopkins, it is I, Sherlock.'
Sherlock looks at him approvingly. “Yes, in part. I don’t believe she seriously thought anyone would find out about the attack, but a male rhythmic gymnast in the finals?   Sure to make the news back home, even if only for the novelty value.”
by David Vinckboons, 1610. Look at the licentiousness!
Amidst the reproaches, which Wilkes had thrown out against Moriarty, he had said—he would not quit the castle HE DARED TO CALL HIS, nor willingly leave ANOTHER murder on his conscience—hints, which might have no other origin than the passion of the moment: but Sherlock was now inclined to account for them more seriously. At length, considering, that reflection could neither release him from her melancholy situation, or enable him to bear it with greater fortitude, he tried to divert anxiety, and took down from his little library a favourite apiological volume; but the insects could not divert him.
Sherlock looked a little affronted. “That’s what I said”.
“What I mean is, what are you doing on the roof, by
“Maybe if you stopped drooling over the contestants, you’d be better hydrated?”
The moment in which Sherlock took leave of M. and Madame Anderson, was, perhaps, the only satisfactory one he had known in their presence. On the following day they returned to Venice, and Moriarty, in a short conversation, which he held with Sherlock, informed him, that he would no longer be TRIFLED with, and that the marriage with the should be celebrated without further delay, and, if that was necessary, without his consent.
Having dismissed Mrs. Hudson to bed, Sherlock wandered through every lonely apartment of the chateau, committing them to his mind. From the window he gazed upon the garden below, shewn faintly by the moon, rising over the tops of the palm-trees, and, at length, the calm beauty of the night tempted him to descend. He silently passed into the garden, and, hastening towards the distant groves, was glad to breathe once more the air of liberty, and to be unobserved. The deep repose of the scene, the rich scents, that floated on the breeze, the grandeur of the wide horizon and of the clear blue arch, soothed his mind. Sherlock forgot Monsieur Mycroft; his thoughts ascended to the contemplation of those unnumbered mysteries, that lie scattered in the depths of aether, thousands of them hid from human eyes, and almost beyond the flight of human fancy.
and we are all
Sherlock has never been gladder of his parent’s typical dilatory progress through public spaces than he is when John bounces towards him, ruddy and smiling, outside the arena.
Moriarty looked at him for a moment with a steady and stern countenance; while Sherlock held his breath, and his husband, for once, thought he had said too much. 'You shall be removed, this night,' said Moriarty, 'to the east turret: there, perhaps, you may understand the danger of offending a man, who has an unlimited power over you.'
“Ye-es,” replied Victor, looking at Sherlock as if he expected him to remark on John’s perfect grasp of the obvious. Sherlock, however, made no response.
, he thought, smugly, kicking the red pants off into the corner of the room and stepping into the shower’s spray.
“Oi, manners,” he reproached, but without any heat. “And isn’t that my phone?”
'Know you! Certainly,' replied Sherlock, 'you are Molly; but why are you sitting by me thus?'
The cavaliers looked round the wide chamber.
Sherlock continued to listen, but no music came. 'Those were surely no mortal sounds!' said he, recollecting their entrancing melody. 'No inhabitant of this castle could utter such; and, where is the feeling, that could modulate such exquisite expression? My dear father himself, once said, that, soon after my mother's death, as he lay watchful in grief, sounds of uncommon sweetness called him from his bed; and, on opening his window, he heard lofty music pass along the midnight air. It soothed him, he said; he looked up with confidence to heaven, and resigned her to his God.'
“Have you done it? Have you done the dive?” John asked, nearly breathless.
, they know it was good, Sherlock
The gondolieri were frequently hailed, at this early hour, by the market-people, as they glided by towards Venice, and the lagune soon displayed a gay scene of innumerable little barks, passing from terra-firma with provisions. Sherlock gave a last look to that splendid city, but his mind was then occupied by considering the probable events, that awaited him, and with conjectures, concerning the motive of this sudden journey. It appeared, upon calmer consideration, that Moriarty was removing him to this secluded castle, because he could there, with more probability of success, attempt to terrify Sherlock into obedience; or, that, should its gloomy and sequestered scenes fail of this effect, his forced marriage with the Count could there be solemnized with the secrecy, which was necessary to the honour of Moriarty. The little spirit, which this reprieve had recalled, now began to fail, and, when Sherlock reached the shore, his mind had sunk into all its former depression.
'O! do not go in there, monsieur,' said Molly, 'you will only lose yourself further.'
“Let’s try it,” said John, holding out his hand for the colourful doodad. Placing the sculpture on Sarah’s bedside table, he took off his medal, tucked the ribbon in behind it and lowered it gently into the sculpture’s embrace. “Perfect fit! Nice one, Sherlock,” he enthused. “I’d never have thought of that.”
Yet ah! not all his heart must sadly feel!
Sherlock recollected the extreme emotion his father had shewn on mention of the Marquis La Lestrade's death, and of the fate of the Marchioness. His deductions on the subject proved altogether unsatisfactory.  His surprise and curiosity were indeed the greater, because he did not recollect ever to have heard him mention the name of Lestrade.
Sherlock took the opportunity to examine the flora growing at these altitudes; John often stopped to enquire what he was looking at, to be amazed by Sherlock’s knowledge, and to contribute his own knowledge of the medicinal properties of some of the plants.  Holmes was pleased with him: 'Here is the real ingenuousness and ardour of youth,' said he to himself; 'this young man has never been at Paris.'
Quite through the deeds of men:  he loves no plays,
Sherlock, extremely surprised and shocked, had scarcely power to beg an explanation of these words, and, when he did, his brother absolutely refused to give it, though, by severe looks, and half sentences, he appeared anxious to impress Sherlock with a belief, that he was well informed of some degrading circumstances of his conduct. Conscious innocence could not prevent a blush from stealing over Sherlock's cheek; he started, and looked confusedly under the bold eye of Monsieur Mycroft, who blushed also; but Mycroft’s was the blush of triumph, such as sometimes stains the countenance of a person, congratulating himself on the penetration which had taught him to suspect another, and who loses both pity for the supposed criminal, and indignation of his guilt, in the gratification of his own vanity.
A return of the noise again disturbed him; it seemed to come from that part of the room, which communicated with the private stair-case, and he instantly remembered the odd circumstance of the door having been fastened, during the preceding night, by some unknown hand. His late alarming deduction, concerning its destination, also occurred to him. Sherlock’s heart became faint with terror. Gently drawing aside the curtain, he looked towards the door of the stair-case, but the lamp, that burnt on the hearth, spread so feeble a light through the apartment, that the remote parts of it were lost in shadow. The noise, however, which, he was convinced, came from the door, continued. It seemed like that made by the undrawing of rusty bolts, and often ceased, and was then renewed more gently, as if the hand, that occasioned it, was restrained by a fear of discovery.
During this evening, Mycroft danced, laughed and talked incessantly; while Moriarty, silent, reserved and somewhat haughty, seemed weary of the parade, and of the frivolous company it had drawn together.
John is standing at the urinals during the break between the rotations, contemplating the mysteries of the universe (what are his chances on Strictly, realistically? Plus: he could do lots of lifts, easy. Minus: existing dance experience is mostly grinding in dark clubs) when he hears his name called.
The crowd is going absolutely mental and Sherlock’s parents are up and screaming; the live commentary is barely audible.
Moriarty now said nothing of his intended journey, of which Sherlock waited impatiently to hear; and he was seldom at home but when the Count, or Signora Morstan, was there, for between himself and Douglas a coolness seemed to subsist, though the latter remained in his house. With Morstan, Moriarty was frequently closeted for hours together, and, whatever might be the business, upon which they consulted, it appeared to be of consequence, since Moriarty often sacrificed to it his favourite passion for play, and remained at home the whole night. There was somewhat of privacy, too, in the manner of Morstan's visits, which had never before occurred, and which excited not only surprise, but some degree of alarm in Sherlock's mind, who had deduced much of her character when he had most endeavoured to disguise it. After these visits, Moriarty was often more thoughtful than usual; sometimes the deep workings of his mind entirely abstracted him from surrounding objects, and threw a gloom over his visage that rendered it terrible; at others, his eyes seemed almost to flash fire, and all the energies of his soul appeared to be roused for some great enterprise. Sherlock observed these written characters of his thoughts with deep interest, and not without some degree of awe, when he considered that he was entirely in Moriarty’s power.
“How is that unfair?” said Sherlock “It’s not my fault you’re a short-arse.”
Sherlock straightened infinitesimally, eyeing John from where he’d risen to a sitting position, elbows on knees, one hand scrubbing through his hair.
“You could cut the tension with a knife here Irene, my heart is in my throat, as Uchimura, the King, steps up to the high bar.”
“What?! Oh, yes, yes John. Exciting isn’t it!” Sieger looks wild-eyed as he pokes his wife in the ribs. “John wants to know if you’re all right, dear. Are you all right?”
And if a sigh would sometimes intervene,
Sweet, wild, and artless all.
, Bill,” he spits out, the first retort that comes to mind.
But where was he now?  John had (reluctantly) waved him off back to his own room to get ready for the closing ceremony with strict instructions to wear his medal and not to forget to charge his shoes. But the buses out to stadium had been manic and John hadn’t seen him and Sherlock wasn’t answering his phone. He chewed at his lip.
'If I ever had disguised them, sir,' said Sherlock, with recollected spirit, 'it would certainly be unnecessary any longer to do so. I had hoped, sir, that you would have spared me any farther necessity of alluding to them; but, since you do not grant this, hear me declare, and for the last time, that your perseverance has deprived you even of the esteem, which I was inclined to believe you merited.'
John watched the bright colours of the uniforms ebb and flow below, and concentrated on the warm mug in his hand.  He gave himself a little mental shake.
'Wounded!' exclaimed Sherlock, 'does she live?'
His favourite walk was to a little fishing-house, belonging to Holmes, in a woody glen, on the margin of a rivulet that descended from the Pyrenees, and, after foaming among their rocks, wound its silent way beneath the shades it reflected. Above the woods, that screened this glen, rose the lofty summits of the Pyrenees, which often burst boldly on the eye through the glades below. Sometimes the shattered face of a rock only was seen, crowned with wild shrubs; or a shepherd's cabin seated on a cliff, overshadowed by dark cypress, or waving ash.
“Your injury. Which was it, rings or the high bar?”
Moriarty and Anderson spoke only in generalties, so Sherlock often lingered behind the party, to contemplate the distant landscape, that closed a vista, or that gleamed beneath the dark foliage of the foreground;—the spiral summits of the mountains, touched with a purple tint, broken and steep above, but shelving gradually to their base; the open valley, marked by no formal lines of art; and the tall groves of cypress, pine and poplar, sometimes embellished by a ruined villa, whose broken columns appeared between the branches of a pine, that seemed to droop over their fall.
'I have given a solemn promise,' said he, 'to observe a solemn injunction. Let me hasten to remove the temptation’ he said to himself; and he consigned the papers to the flames, though the next moment he longed to snatch them from the consuming fire. His eyes watched them as they slowly consumed, his mind twisting at the recollection of the sentence he had just seen, and at the certainty, that the only opportunity of explaining it was then passing away for ever.
'Silly tales! O, but I will tell you one story about this, if you please, that Caterina told me. It was one cold winter's night that Caterina (she often came to the castle then, she says, to keep old Carlo and his wife company, and so he recommended her afterwards to the Signor, and she has lived here ever since) Caterina was sitting with them in the little hall, says Carlo, "I wish we had some of those figs to roast, that lie in the store-closet, but it is a long way off, and I am loath to fetch them; do, Caterina," says he, "take the lamp, and mind, as you go up the great stair-case, that the wind, through the roof, does not blow it out." So, with that, Caterina took the lamp—Hush! monsieur, I surely heard a noise!'
'I have some questions to ask you on another subject,' interrupted Sherlock, quite eager to conclude this story. 'Do you know whether there are any prisoners in the castle, and whether they are confined at this end of the edifice?'
'What man?' enquired Sherlock.
Sherlock was still squirming on the beanbag when John returned, balancing a teacup and saucer in each hand. Extending his hand for the proffered saucer, the beanbag suddenly shifted and tipped, leaving his legs uselessly engulfed in the beanbag’s mass, hip only shielded from the ground by whatever fabric this infernal furniture was made out of, one arm thrown up over his head and the other was all that separated his face from the wet concrete. He blinked.  “Ah, John, some assistance may be required…”
The professions of repentance, which Wilkes had made to Sherlock, under the anguish of his wound, was sincere at the moment he offered them; but he had mistaken the subject of his sorrow, for, while he thought he was condemning the cruelty of his late design, he was lamenting only the state of suffering, to which it had reduced him. As these sufferings abated, his former views revived, till, his health being re-established, he again found himself ready for enterprise and difficulty. The porter of the castle, who had served him, on a former occasion, willingly accepted a second bribe; and, so Wilkes publicly left the hamlet, whither he had been carried after the affray, and withdrew with his people to another at several miles distance. From thence, on a night agreed upon by Barnardine, who had discovered from the enquiries made by Molly, the most probable means of decoying Sherlock, the Count sent back his servants to the castle, while he awaited Sherlock’s arrival at the hamlet, with an intention of carrying him immediately to Venice. How this, his second scheme, was frustrated, has already appeared; but the violent, and various passions with which this lover was now agitated, on his return to that city, can only be imagined.
“Ok, done,” he said after a few minutes of vigorous rubbing that had (mostly) wiped the excess off. “No sun will get you, trust me.”
and was in Rio this year so it's not too much of a stretch to imagine she'd show up at an official function.  After all, she was there for this official photo where she hilariously
'I am prepared for the worst, my friend,' said Sherlock, in a firm and solemn voice. 'I can support any certainty better than this suspense.'
'Lies!' repeated Sherlock faintly, as he began to ascend.
bonne nouvelle = goodnews
'No, forsooth. Launcelot and I were on watch together, and every thing was so still, you might have heard a mouse stir, when, suddenly, Launcelot says—Sebastian! do you see nothing? I turned my head a little to the left, and then thought I did see something move; but there being no light, but what the stars gave, I could not be certain. We stood quite silent, to watch it, and presently saw something pass along the castle wall just opposite to us!'
She turns around, just noticing for the first time that Sieger is not bringing up the rear. “Those bloody pins!”
Sherlock, endeavouring to conceal the emotion this circumstance occasioned, enquired at what hour Molly went to the chamber, and found, that it was soon after he himself had been there. His further questions convinced him, that Molly, and probably her informer, were ignorant of the terrible truth, though in Molly's account something very like the truth, now and then, mingled with the falsehood. Sherlock now began to suspect that his visit to the chamber had been observed, since the door had been closed, so immediately after his departure; and dreaded lest this should draw upon him the vengeance of Moriarty. His anxiety, also, was excited to know whence, and for what purpose, the delusive report, which had been imposed upon Molly, had originated, since Moriarty could only have wished for silence and secrecy. He stared at the dying embers of the fire as, at a distance, the thundering sound of the hall doors, as they were shut for the night. Molly began to hint that she should be gone, but at this instant, the great bell of the portal sounded. They listened in fearful expectation, when, after a long pause of silence, it sounded again. Soon after, they heard the noise of carriage wheels in the court-yard. Sherlock started up in his chair; 'It is the Count,' said he.
: Rhythmic Gymnastics Limited Edition". And then I thought "Didn't some sports challenge come up on my dash today?" And here we are, several months and 45 thousand words later. Thanks Ganna, and congrats on your bronze medal.
“Aaahhhh…well… this is kind of awkward,” said John as the door creaked closed behind a murderous-looking Sherlock.
“Well, Irene, here comes Sherlock Holmes out to the competition floor for the fourth and final time. The matador’s jacket gives dramatic Spanish flair to his costume.” The commentator’s voice is hushed, benefitting this dramatic moment. John presses the volume button on the side of the iPad so he and Sieger can hear better.
'If you can open the door, let me in,' said Sherlock, 'here is no person to hurt you.'
Mary and he  coach stand stock still, so John pulls the bag forward, out from between her feet.
“John, excellent. I need to use your laptop.”
our story continues.... ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
From this sublime scene the travellers continued to ascend among the pines, till they entered a narrow pass of the mountains, which shut out every feature of the distant country, and, in its stead, exhibited only tremendous crags, impending over the road, where no vestige of humanity, or even of vegetation, appeared, except here and there the trunk and scathed branches of an oak, that hung nearly headlong from the rock, into which its strong roots had fastened. This pass, which led into the heart of the Apennine, at length opened to daylight, and a scene of mountains stretched in long perspective, as wild as any the travellers had yet passed.
This amazing place is the Château de la Caze, Lozère in the Languedoc-Roussillon - so a perfect fit for the scene!
“The last time I heard that song was in the movie Fifty Shades of Grey.  Irene, did you happen to see it at the cinemas?”
“Cover your eyes, indeed.”
But what reason and effort may fail to do, time effects. Week after week passed away, and each, as it passed, stole something from the harshness of Sherlock’s affliction, till it was mellowed to that tenderness which the feeling heart cherishes as sacred. His father, on the contrary, visibly declined in health; though Sherlock, who had been so constantly with him, was almost the last person who observed it. His constitution had never recovered from the late attack of the fever, and the succeeding shock it received from Madame Holmes's death had produced its present infirmity. His physician now ordered him to travel; for it was perceptible that sorrow had seized upon his nerves, and variety of scene, it was probable, would, by amusing his mind, restore them to their proper tone.
“Jeez, flash, innit?” Anderson mutters next to him, forcing John to try and peer round the back of his head as they approach their destination. As Anderson looks sadly at his phone (his photo of a scene at dusk taken from a moving vehicle has gone about as well as can be expected), John can finally see the blue, red and white streams of light that illuminate the historic building.
Also I noticed overnight there were a whole bunch of new people that came to this work.  Yay! Where did you all come from?  You're all very much appreciated x
John’s mug clattered on the counter, discarded as he sprinted behind Sherlock’s retreating back.
“Well, yeah, we all take sport seriously. Although personally I’d like to find someone that didn’t leave me quite so sore after, if you know what I mean…” Sherlock’s eyes look like they are boring open John’s skull, overall expression consistent with having found only small balls of fluff as a reward for the effort. “It’s just an expression mate. I wasn’t asking. Maybe I’ll just see you there, yeah?”
'I don't know as for the turret, as you call it,' said Michael, 'I mean that white piece of a building, that we see at a distance there, among the trees.'
'Ah, sir! at my age I must not expect that!' replied the old man, and he paused: 'I can scarcely wish it,' he resumed, 'for I trust that whenever I die I shall go to heaven, where my poor wife is gone before me. I can sometimes almost fancy I see her of a still moon-light night, walking among these shades she loved so well. Do you believe, monsieur, that we shall be permitted to revisit the earth, after we have quitted the body?'
Having spoken to his brother, without receiving an answer, he attempted to bring him water; but the increasing convulsions soon compelled Sherlock to seek assistance. On his way through the hall, in search of Molly, he met Moriarty, whom he told what had happened, who then turned silently away, with a look of indifference, and went out upon the ramparts. At length Sherlock’s calls roused old Carlo and Molly, and they hastened to follow Sherlock to the dressing-room, where Mycroft had fallen on the floor, and was lying in strong convulsions. With great difficulty they lifted him into the adjoining room, and laid him on the bed, the force of his disorder still made all their strength necessary to hold him, while Molly trembled and sobbed, and old Carlo looked silently and piteously on, as his feeble hands grasped those of his master, till, turning his eyes upon Sherlock, he exclaimed, 'Good God! What is the matter?'
Meek Twilight slowly sails, and waves her banners gray?
Sherlock looked at him for a moment, in incredulity.
'I certainly shall keep it as faithful as yourself, Molly’ said Sherlock, repressing a desire to roll his eyes.
“Well, not quite John, but certainly a kilo, one and a half?  Certainly enough to knock out a few teeth on a missed throw…. And quite enough to do a number on someone’s knee, if you were so inclined.”
THE MINSTREL
Sherlock as he received his severe rebuke, for not having obeyed his first summons; perceived, also, that Moriarty attributed his stay in the corridor to a motive, that had not even occurred to Sherlock.
Sherlock sat for some time, given up to sorrow. Not an object, on which his eye glanced, but awakened some remembrance, that led immediately to the subject of his grief. His favourite specimens, which his father had assisted him to mount; the books, that he had selected for his use, and which they had discussed together; his musical instruments, whose sounds his father had loved so well,—every object gave new force to sorrow. At length, Sherlock roused himself and, summoning his resolution, stepped forward to go into those forlorn rooms that had been his fathers’.
Bill sighs with the despair of a man in yesterday’s pants. The day before yesterday’s technically, because of that Kiwi girl. He sighs again.
'They are just come, monsieur,' said Molly, ‘What can they mean by coming here? They must surely be stark mad to come freely to such a place as this! Yet they do come freely, for they seem merry enough, I am sure. I remember one of them very well at Venice: she came two or three times, to the Signor's you know, and it was said, that the Signor liked her better than he should do. Then why, says I, bring her to my master? Very true, said Hopkins; but she looked as if she knew more, too.'
'Speak to the point,' rejoined Moriarty, in a voice of increasing vehemence, though his eyes sparkled with glee. 'Will you deny your own words; will you deny, that you acknowledged, only a few hours ago, that it was too late to recede from your engagements, and that you accepted the Count's hand?'
Along the vaulted halls and passages below, peals of laughter echoed faintly, at intervals, to this remote part of the castle, and seemed to render the succeeding stillness more dreary. Sherlock, however, unwilling to return to his more forlorn chamber, still paced the gallery. As he passed the door of the apartment, where he had once dared to lift the veil, which discovered to him a spectacle so horrible, that he had never after remembered it, but with emotions of indescribable awe, this remembrance suddenly recurred. It now brought with it reflections more terrible, than it had yet done, which the late conduct of Moriarty occasioned; and, hastening to quit the gallery, while he had power to do so, he heard a sudden step behind him.—It might be that of Molly; but, turning to look, he saw, through the gloom, a tall figure following. In the next moment, he found himself clasped in the arms of some person, and heard a deep voice murmur in his ear.
In this close dungeon of innumerous boughs.
Recounts most horrid sights, seen by the watch.
Sherlock’s look was priceless. “These won’t fit me,” he said slowly, dubiously.
'You will meet Hopkins in a better world, I hope,' added Sherlock.
'If we could command our time, my John, it should not be thus….hasty; we must submit to circumstances.'
's was populated by monks following the rule of St
'Yes—' said Holmes, 'and I am one of those.'
'O you have been very ill, sir,—very ill indeed! and I am sure I thought—'
Upon this threat Sherlock left his brother’s company; and comforted himself with the reflection that at least at a monastery a vow of silence could be took and no idiots spoke to, ever again.
, he thought dazedly.  He picked up his phone, internet browser still open. John spun it right way round and peered down at the glowing screen, as under his disbelieving stare photo after photo of Daniel Craig walking out of the ocean in
On entering the Milanese, the gentlemen exchanged their French hats for the Italian cap of scarlet cloth, embroidered; and Sherlock observed, that Moriarty added to his the military plume, while Douglas retained only the feather: which was usually worn with such caps: but he at length concluded, that Moriarty assumed this ensign of a soldier for convenience, as a means of passing with more safety through a country over-run with parties of the military.
Molly departed, and soon after returned.
“Er, yeah, I think so?  They asked us to all follow each other before we left, cross promotion kind of thing, you know?” John swiped through his phone. “Look, there we are already. Or there I am, at least.” He held up the phone to display the picture of him and Mary doing his escapee pose. “What does it say?” enquired Sherlock, staring out the window.
“My coach has…confiscated mine,” Sherlock eventually spat out.
The surgeon of the town was immediately sent for, if a surgeon he could be called, who prescribed for horses as well as for men, and shaved faces at least as dexterously as he set bones. After examining John's shoulder, and perceiving that the bullet had passed through the flesh without touching the bone, he dressed it, and left him with a solemn prescription of quiet, which his patient was not inclined to obey.
, somehow still contriving to have an expectant expression as he looked at Sherlock. Was this an attempt at humour?   Perhaps furthering the status of ‘friends’ posited earlier?  Factual approach. “I was also planning to attend the event. More data will improve the precision of my model.” Best be clear. “For Science.”
Can Painting's glowing hand supply
At the sound of his voice, Sherlock turned his eyes, and a gleam of recollection seemed to shoot athwart his mind, for he immediately rose from the seat, and moved slowly to a remote part of the room. Moriarty spoke to him in accents somewhat softened from their usual harshness, but Sherlock regarded him with a kind of half curious, half terrified look, and answered only 'yes,' to whatever he said.
“Because it’s never sports equipment,” said Sherlock.
When his mind, however, had recovered from the first shock, he considered, that it would be impossible for Moriarty to compel his alliance with Wilkes, if he persisted in refusing to repeat any part of the marriage ceremony.  He thought of John, and of Mrs Hudson, and the threat against them, for he did not doubt Moriarty’s sincerity, and he had no way of warning them to fly to shelter and safety.
'Go a little farther, and if we see no house then, we will return to the road,' replied Holmes.
“Like hell he’s not,” Bill mutters. “Now that you’ve buggered off to Molly’s room, he was all excited to have the room and he’s taking it out on me that I’ve camped there. He keeps having extra loud sex, I can hear him from bloody outside. Not that he lasts long, but still. It’s not right, Mike, it’s not right!  They haven’t come out since yesterday. I knocked this morning and they’re still bloody going. I sent John a text to ask if I could come in and get some fresh pants, look what I get!”
Thus circumstanced, he tried to banish reflection, but his busy mind would still hover over the subjects of his interest, and he heard the clock of the castle strike two, before he closed his eyes.
Sherlock, after making sense of his jumble of thoughts, left his brother and sought Moriarty. ‘Your husband is now dying, sir,' said Sherlock, as soon as he saw him—'Your resentment, surely will not pursue him to the last moment! Suffer him to be removed from that forlorn room to his own apartment, and to have necessary comforts administered.'
Dark power! with shudd'ring, meek submitted thought
, he thinks with a smile.
'Hopkins!—O, Hopkins!' cried Molly.
“Oh, I’m afraid we can’t, Violet,” John said smoothly. “Sherlock and I need to go to a gymnastics team meeting back at the Village, you know, official wrap-up, now that the competition is over.”
“Uh, John?” Mary has stuck her head out into the hallway, looking at John. “Your coach?”
John understood Sherlock’s feelings, and was silent; he pressed Sherlock’s hand to his lips impulsively. He rose, and leaned on the wall of the terrace, from which, in a few moments, he returned to his seat, then rose again, and appeared to be greatly agitated; while Sherlock himself so much affected by the warmth still lingering on the back of his hand that he could make no efforts to renew the conversation. John again sat down, but was still silent, and trembled. At length he said, with a hesitating voice, 'This lovely scene!—I am going to leave—to leave you—perhaps for ever! These moments may never return; I cannot resolve to neglect, though I scarcely dare to avail myself of them. Let me, however, without offending the delicacy of your sorrow, venture to declare the admiration I must always feel of you, Sherlock—O! that at some future period I might be permitted to call it love!'
“Get down! Crouch! Faster!” commanded Sherlock as John scurries, bent double, along one of the village’s perimeter wall. Sherlock, for his part, is making a 45 degree angle with the outside of someone’s second story balcony; one hand holding the railing with his feet braced against the concrete. In his outstretched hand a phone on a selfie stick, filming John as he runs to and fro, as he has while standing on a dumpster, climbing on top of outdoor furniture, and in a dozen other places in the village in the last ninety minutes.
“Oooh…” John craned his neck to see the big screen, “15.8 it is! Fantastic!”
I know the coffee cup scene is not actually from Sherlock (despite
Holmes even enjoined Sherlock, whenever he might marry, to make it an article in the contract, that the chateau should always be his. He then gave his son a more minute account of his present circumstances than he had yet done, adding, 'The two hundred louis, with what money you will now find in my purse, is all the ready money I have to leave you. I have told you how I am circumstanced with M. Motteville, at Paris. Ah, my child! I leave you poor—but not destitute,' he added, after a long pause.
John huffed a laugh and smiled up at Sherlock. “So….dinner?”
Would harrow up thy soul.
In a few moments, their soft melody was accompanied by a voice so full of pathos, that it evidently sang not of imaginary sorrows. Its sweet and peculiar tones he thought he had somewhere heard before; yet, if this was not fancy, it was, at most, a very faint recollection. His emotion can scarcely be imagined, when he heard sung, with the taste and simplicity of true feeling, one of the popular airs of his native province, to which he had so often listened with delight, when a child, and which he had so often heard his father repeat! To this well-known song, never, till now, heard but in his native country, his heart melted, while the memory of past times returned. The pleasant, peaceful scenes of Gascony, the tenderness and goodness of his parents, the taste and simplicity of his former life—all rose to his fancy, and formed a picture, so sweet and glowing, so strikingly contrasted with the scenes, the characters and the dangers, which now surrounded him—that his mind could not bear to pause upon the retrospect, and shrunk at the acuteness of its own sufferings.
John gulps the glass of water, sweating buckets out on the balcony under the sun and the TV lights.
It is now necessary to mention some circumstances, which could not be related amidst the events of Sherlock's hasty departure from Venice, or together with those, which so rapidly succeeded to his arrival in the castle.
“John, John, look at this,” Sherlock’s dad says, rummaging around in his pockets. He draws out a closed fist and holds it right in front of John; says “Look” in a voice of trembling excitement.
“Of course rhythmic gymnastics all in uproar after the attack on Sarah Sawyer a few days ago, she’s a friend of yours, John? How’s she holding up?”
A flash of incredulity crossed Mary’s face as she looked at Sherlock and then back to John, before be replaced by something a bit softer. “Oh, aren’t you sweet? It has been hard, and of course we don’t know who it was which is the worst part, wouldn’t you say?”
That shapes this monstrous apparition.
'Why, no, ma'am,' replied Molly; 'I never heard any music here, I must say, but the drums and the trumpet; and, as for last night, I did nothing but dream I saw my late master's ghost.'
“Ouch,” John winced again, pulling the blanket back over Sarah’s legs. “But does that mean there’s still a chance you can compete?”
, John thought.
Snorting, John reaches down, grabs a hold of Lestrade’s elbows and hauls him unceremoniously vertical. Lestrade staggers, braces himself on the wall and lets out a ‘
“Oh! Irene! A fall on the dismount!”
During his stay at this place, the peace and sanctity that reigned within, the tranquil beauty of the scenery without, and the opportunities to dedicate a life to scholarship, were circumstances so soothing to his mind, that they almost tempted him to leave a world, where he had lost all friends, and devote himself to the monastic life, in a spot, rendered sacred by containing the tomb of his father.
“So, Irene, a fabulous evening of gymnastics here in Rio with plenty more on the programme. If you stay with us for the third subdivision, we’ll see world-leading athletes from Russia, China and Ukraine in their qualifying rounds. Over on BBC1 there’ll be a wrap up of the action from Day 2 of the Olympics including preliminary matches in volleyball and basketball, Great Britain’s matchups with Japan and Brazil in the Rugby, and the first day of competition in the equestrian competition. And of course, on the BBC Sport website you can access up to 24 channels showing every event taking place. Tomorrow, back with the women’s artistic gymnastics qualifying rounds, sure to be exciting. But stay with us now as we start the third and final subdivision in the men’s qualifying rounds here at the Rio Olympic Arena, just a few minutes away.”
winked back at him.
Sherlock, felt the sting of Moriarty’s insult but did not make any further reply. Turning to a servant who had lately entered the room, Moriarty asked whether Wilkes had quitted the castle. The man answered, that his servants were then removing him, on a stretcher, to a neighbouring cottage. Moriarty seemed somewhat appeased, on hearing this; and, when Hopkins appeared, a few moments after, and said, that Wilkes was gone, Sherlock was dismissed.
'Yes—yes—,' sobbed Molly, 'but I hope I shall meet her again in this—though she is so wounded!'
“An enemy?” John repeats disbelievingly.
“Oh, well, if it isn’t John Watson!” the woman exclaims, reaching out to shake his hand, her husband’s replacing it as soon as it is withdrawn (“delightful, delightful!”). “Well, isn’t this exciting! You must call me Violet, of course, and this is Sieger,” she says, pointing to her husband. In their late seventies, they exude that particular type of Britishness that to John seems almost like a fable of long ago; of walking in rainy weather round country estates and nursery teas and getting tipsy on trifle at Christmastime. In the lights of the room their silver hair glows almost halo-like, and Violet shimmers as she moves, the blue, red, and white swirls on her loose coat sparkling a little as she gestures.
One evening, Sherlock was playing upon his violin, when he was alarmed by a strange and loud knocking at his chamber door, and then a heavy weight fell against it, that almost burst it open. He called to know who was there, and receiving no answer, repeated the call; but a chilling silence followed. It occurred to him—for, at this moment, he could not reason on the probability of circumstances—that some one of the strangers, lately arrived at the castle, had discovered his apartment, and was come with such intent, as their looks rendered too possible—to assault, perhaps to murder!  He went to the gallery door, and then, fearing to open it, lest some person might be silently lurking without, he stopped, but with eyes fixed in expectation upon the opposite door of the stair-case. As thus he stood, he heard a faint breathing near him, and became convinced, that some person was on the other side of the door, which was already locked. Sherlock sought for other fastening, but there was none.
'When did you see the figure, then, before?' said Sherlock half smiling, who, though he thought the conversation somewhat inane, felt an interest, which would not permit him to conclude it.
'Were her remains never found?' cried the rest of the company all together.
“Good morning,” he says with a terrifying smile.
John guffawed “I can see you’re really broken up about it.”
“They haven’t even come out for food, it’s unnatural!” Bill continues, having worked up a proper head of steam now. “They’re bloody well still in there, eating up all my protein bars and using my condoms, I know it!”
“C’mon,” says John, toeing his coach’s leg. “If you’re quick, the Holmes’s will still be outside,” says John, who, though a sportsman, is not above the occasional dirty trick.  Lestrade cracks an eye open, eyeballs John for a moment before making vague efforts at movement.
, John thinks as he waits for the little scrum at the doors of the minibus to clear. He snaps a photo from the window before leaving, the bronze medal round his neck striking against his chest as he steps out onto the ground.
“Right, gents, nicely done. Five minutes before the rhythmic girls come in, so let’s have a round or two each. Knight, parallel bars. Anderson, high bar, and watch your landing; none of that mess from this morning. Stamford, pommel; Murray, back here on the vault. Watson on the floor. Let’s go!”
“It’s a love story, of course – Kitri is in love with Basilio, but she’s being pursued by another, who she detests, but who is supported by her father. Anyway in this scene, Basilio dances a solo piece to impress Kitri, very showy, naturally. Sherlock danced this part in a school production once; he’s always loved it,” she trails off wistfully.
'And was I, then, thought worthy of his esteem?' said John, in a sharp voice; then checking himself, he added, 'But pardon the question; I scarcely know what I say. If I might dare to hope, that you think me not unworthy of such honour yourself, and might be permitted sometimes to enquire after your health, I should now leave you with comparative tranquillity.'
'You are sure of it?'
He now retired to bed, leaving the lamp burning on the table; but its gloomy light, instead of dispelling fear, assisted it; for, by its uncertain rays, he almost fancied he saw shapes flit past the curtains and glide into the remote obscurity of the room.—The castle clock struck three before he closed his eyes to sleep.
“It’s Ryan Lochte, the swimmer, the American?” said Sarah, pausing for emphasis. “He’s only gone and gotten himself held up at gunpoint!”  John raises an eyebrow, mouth full of meatballs.
John looked with great interest at a wandering drink seller on the beach as he felt the towel tense and relax as Sherlock shifted about in it. John wiggled his toes in the sand, remembering getting changed like this as a little kid in front of the cold seas of Cornwall.
Now imagine him in the
'Aye, I said so, I told her so; but it would not do. It was not my fault, indeed, for I could not get out. You know, I dare say, what a hurly-burly the castle was in, last night; you must have heard some of the uproar.'
“Sarah!” John exclaimed, “You’re up and about! Fantastic!”
The view of the court, however, reanimated Sherlock, who, as he crossed silently towards the portal, began to hope, that his own fears, and not the treachery of Barnardine, had deceived her. He looked anxiously up at the first casement, that appeared above the lofty arch of the portcullis; but it was dark, and he enquired, whether it belonged to the chamber, where Monsieur Mycroft was confined. Barnardine, perhaps, did not hear the question, for he returned no answer; and they, soon after, entered the postern door of the gate-way, which brought them to the foot of a narrow stair-case, that wound up one of the towers.
“Mmm, please.”
“Well, the uniforms are pretty snazzy, don’t you think?” asked John calmly, shaking out the sleeves of the jacket decorated with the enormous red ‘B’ and equally mammoth blue ‘G’. Sherlock looked at John as if he’d accessorised his uniform by growing a second head. “Perhaps that’s the difference between you and me,” John continued with a smirk. “I make this look
'Yes, read it, child,' said Monsieur Mycroft, handing over the letter, in a manner less severe than Sherlock had expected, and he had, perhaps, never before obeyed his brother so willingly. In this letter John said little of the interview of the preceding day, but concluded with declaring, that he would accept his dismission from Sherlock only, and with entreating, that he would allow him to wait upon them, on the approaching evening.  Sherlock looked at his brother.
without apparatus, as well as individual routines with apparatus (two hoops, clubs, and stick).  There are some men that compete with the same apparatus as women, mainly in France and Spain.  The Spanish gymnastics governing body has a division for men in the RG competition where it's dominated by Rubén Orihuela (below +
“Umm, ah,” John attempted to compose his features into a solicitous expression. “How have you been?”
Ça fait un bail = it’s been a while
Not arguing the point, Sherlock continued. 'But I fear it is now too late to deliberate upon this plan, and I must regret, that it is no longer in my power to reject it.'
It was some time before Holmes or Sherlock could withdraw their attention from the surrounding objects, so as to partake of their little repast. Seated in the shade of the palms, Holmes pointed out to his son’s observation the course of the rivers, the situation of great towns, and the boundaries of provinces, which science, rather than the eye, enabled him to describe. When he had talked awhile he suddenly became silent, thoughtful, and tears swelled to his eyes; which Sherlock observed, and deduced their cause.   The scene before them bore some resemblance to a favourite one of the late Madame Holmes, within view of the fishing-house. They both observed this, and thought how delighted she would have been with the present landscape, while they knew that her eyes must never, never more open upon this world. Holmes remembered the last time of his visiting that spot in company with her, and also the mournfully presaging thoughts which had then arisen in his mind, and were now, even thus soon, realized! The recollections subdued him, and he abruptly rose from his seat, and walked away to where no eye could observe his grief.
At which the wizard passions fly,
“If you don’t say anything, what am I supposed to say?” Victor tries again.
“No worries mate,” John said slowly, an idea crystallizing in his mind. “We were just heading out.” Sherlock looked up from the laptop, brows raised in query. John met his look with a broad smile. “We’re going to the beach.”
Soon after midnight, having enjoined Molly to be wakeful, and to call him, should any change appear for the worse, Sherlock withdrew to his chamber. His spirits were more than usually depressed by the piteous condition of his brother, whose recovery he could not expect. To his own misfortunes he saw no end, inclosed as he was, in a remote castle, beyond the reach of any friends, had he possessed such, and beyond the pity even of strangers; while he knew himself to be in the power of a man capable of any action, which his interest, or his ambition, might suggest.
'You speak like the hero of a story,' said Moriarty, contemptuously; 'we shall see whether you can suffer like one.'
u? Calmly arrange for people to get clobbered and ask
“Mmm, and since the Opening Ceremony you’ve gone on a beach excursion and now you’re solving crimes together. Might we expect a happy announcement by the Closing Ceremony?”
Anthea shrugged. “Trying to get an internship. Got an interview lined up with the Ministry of Industry when we get back.”
Sherlock retired to his apartment, to think, if in the present state of his mind to think was possible, upon this sudden and overwhelming subject. It was very long, before his spirits were sufficiently composed to permit the reflection, which, when it came, was dark and even terrible. He saw, that Moriarty sought to aggrandise himself in the disposal of Sherlock, and it occurred, that his friend Douglas was the person, for whom he was interested. The prospect of going to Italy was still rendered darker, when he considered the tumultuous situation of that country, then torn by civil commotion, where every petty state was at war with its neighbour, and even every castle liable to the attack of an invader. He considered the vast distance, that was to separate him from John, and, at the recollection of him, every other image vanished from his mind, and every thought was again obscured by grief. He had to be outside; in the cool of the garden perhaps he could find repose.
All at once gravity is not his enemy, a hand is clutched in his hoodie and is pulling him back up onto the roof. He scrabbles, finally able to brace his foot against the wall and heave up, one elbow at a time; grazed stomach; left knee, right knee.
Thus the time passed, as he sat at his casement, awed by expectation, and by the gloom and stillness of midnight; for he saw obscurely in the moon-light only the mountains and woods, a cluster of towers, that formed the west angle of the castle, and the terrace below; and heard no sound, except, now and then, the lonely watch-word, passed by the sentinels on duty, and afterwards the steps of the men who came to relieve guard, whom he knew at a distance on the rampart by their pikes, that glittered in the moonbeam, and then, by the few short words, in which they hailed their fellows of the night. It was now very late, he was bored with watching, and began to doubt the reality of what he had seen on the preceding night; but he still lingered at the window, for his mind was too perturbed to admit of sleep. The moon shone with a clear lustre, that afforded a complete view of the terrace; but he saw only a solitary sentinel, pacing at one end of it; and, at length, tired with expectation, he withdrew.
Victor shrugged modestly. “I trained hard. The last few years have been…quiet.”
John does a nice job, but my favourite interviews of the games were with 20 year old Chinese swimmer, Fu Yuanhui.  In her interviews she talked about "using her mystic energy" then did a live stream where she
“Yes, yes of course. Well, see you ‘round the village I s’pose? Best of luck with the training!” Fumbling his goodbyes, John backed towards the doors and blissful oblivion.
'O yes, quite sure of that. Why, I was looking out through the grate in the north turret, when the carriages drove into the court-yard.  Hopkins's come! You remember Hopkins,—a tall, handsome young woman—Signor Douglas's lacquey—who always wears her cloak with such a grace, thrown round her left arm, and her hat set on so smartly, all on one side, and—'
'Speak—speak to her!' cried Molly, with a look of terror; 'no, to be sure.'
'Here is no exertion of virtue,' rejoined Sherlock, 'for here is no temptation to be overcome.'
“Well, when people won’t listen to my friendly advice, what am I to do?” replied Mycroft, not looking up from his phone.
(See the end of the chapter for
John sticks his head out into the hallway, where Sherlock’s tall figure is shoving the double doors open, flooding the hallway with light. “Oi, Sherlock!” John calls to his retreating figure.
'I had hoped, sir, that it was no longer necessary for me to disclaim it,' said Sherlock, ‘I had hoped, from your silence, that you were convinced of your error.'
And Spring shall soon her vital influence shed,
She reached out, gingerly taking hold of the ribbon. “Oh, heavier than you expect, isn’t it?” she asked. Sarah held the medal in her lap, running her thumbs over its edges. “Oh John, it’s….” she looked up at John with watery eyes, mouth quivering.
John comes darting back into the room with a long sock in his hand, opens up the apartment door and ties the sock firmly around the handle, before shutting it with a grand gesture.
John applauded with the crowd, shaking his head. He’d landed it, so the vault would officially be named after him, but even with such a high difficulty there’d be so many deductions he’d be out of the medals. The score popped up – 14.933 – he was out for sure. Was it worth it?  Long after Radivilov’s career was over, his name would still be recalled as gymnasts (even if only crazy ones) attempted the vault – was that more of a success than an Olympic medal?  Who remembered medallists anyway – they’d all be forgotten by Christmas.
…. And you were dancing professionally before that?”
And now, here he was walking out again for the second time that day, having done this not even two hours ago. He blinks at the jacket in front of him, the letters on it swimming and running into each other.
Indignation flashed from the eyes of the cavaliers, who all drew their swords; and Mycroft, terrified at what might ensue, was hastening from the hall, when his husband commanded him to stay; but his further words could not now be distinguished, for the voice of every person rose together. His order, that all the servants should appear, was at length obeyed, and they declared their ignorance of any deceit—a protestation which could not be believed; for it was evident, that, as Moriarty's liquor, and his only, had been poisoned, a deliberate design had been formed against his life, which could not have been carried so far towards its accomplishment, without the connivance of the servant, who had the care of the wine ewers.
The sweet expression of his pensive face,
The first object that attracted his notice was a group of dancers on the terrace below, led by a guitar and some other instruments. The girl, who struck the guitar, and another, who flourished a tambourine, passed on in a dancing step, and with a light grace and gaiety of heart, that would have subdued the goddess of spleen in her worst humour. After these came a group of fantastic figures, some dressed as gondolieri, others as minstrels, while others seemed to defy all description. They sung in parts, their voices accompanied by a few soft instruments.
What happens in the village, stays in the village.
TOMORROW it's the men's Artistic Gymnastics Team Finals - so we'll eavesdrop over dessert to find out how the boys finished up.  Same time, same place!
“Don’t dwell on it mate,” advised Stamford, clapping John on the back. “As long as Henry here doesn’t break something before tomorrow, ours won’t even count”.
“We go now to the high bar, where the medals will be decided. Deng is on to the high bar and hoping for a perfect performance to muscle in on the medal reckoning. It looks very good indeed… he is pleased with that performance, Irene, and the landing is near perfect… but it’s only 14.966 and not good enough! Indeed he is 0.1 behind Lin. David Belyavskiy from Russia approaching the apparatus now…he needs 15.260 on the high bars to overtake Whitlock and secure a medal for Russia. Can he do it?”
“Yes, yes, it is I, the eleventh-place finisher of the men’s all-around competition of the 31
To him, who constantly used that sort of Venice glass, which had the quality of breaking, upon receiving poisoned liquor, a suspicion, that some of his guests had endeavoured to betray him, instantly occurred, and he ordered all the gates to be closed, drew his sword, and, looking round on them, who stood in silent amazement, exclaimed, 'Here is a traitor among us; let those, that are innocent, assist in discovering the guilty.'
), only to find another hand pinching one, two, three of the tasty morsels. John makes a mournful sound round his mouthful of beef and pastry.
Sherlock prepared the corpse for interment; and, having wrapt it in sheets, watched beside it, till past midnight, when he heard the approaching footsteps of the men, who were to lay it in its earthy bed. Sherlock masked his emotion, when, the door of the chamber being thrown open, their gloomy countenances were seen by the glare of the torch they carried, and two of them, without speaking, lifted the body on their shoulders, while the third preceding them with the light, descended through the castle towards the grave, which was in the lower vault of the chapel within the castle walls.
John nodded politely and raises the teacup to his lips, but it’s still scalding. More milk. “What about you?” Mary asked, “lined up any post-competition prospects?”
“Molly Hooper….”
“Teammate,” explained John.
Which thy awak'ning bards have told,
Everyone laughs and John beams, sliding a plate of soft cheese and quince paste in front of Sherlock. “As a present,” he says quietly. “But also, protein.”
“Sherlock?” John asks uncertainly.
Please accept my humble apologies for the long delay on this installment, and for the new peril in which we find our dear Sherlock.  Whatever will happen?
A few days only had elapsed, since the marriage, when Monsieur Mycroft informed Sherlock, that Signor Moriarty intended to return to Italy, as soon as the necessary preparation could be made for so long a journey. 'We shall go to Venice,' said he, 'where the Signor has a fine mansion, and from thence to his estate in Tuscany. Why do you look so grave, child?—You, who are so fond of a romantic country and fine views, will doubtless be delighted with this journey.'
“Why not?” said John, aggrieved.
Soon after, his voice was heard, at a distance, calling loudly; and then a voice still more distant answered, and, in the next moment, the watch-word was given, and passed along the terrace. As the soldiers moved hastily under the casement, he called to enquire what had happened, but they passed without responding.
You cannot shut the windows of the sky,
!” John cries, voice steadily rising.
Moriarty, had employed his troops in enterprises both daring and atrocious. They had not only pillaged, whenever opportunity offered, the helpless traveller, but had attacked, and plundered the villas of several persons, which, being situated among the solitary recesses of the mountains, were totally unprepared for resistance. In these expeditions the commanders of the party did not appear, and the men, partly disguised, had sometimes been mistaken for common robbers, and, at others, for bands of the foreign enemy, who, at that period, invaded the country. But, though they had already pillaged several mansions, and brought home considerable treasures, they had ventured to approach only one castle; however they were vigorously repulsed, and pursued by some the besieged. Moriarty's troops fled precipitately towards Musgrovio, but were so closely tracked over the mountains, that, when they reached one of the heights in the neighbourhood of the castle, and looked back upon the road, they perceived the enemy winding among the cliffs below, and at not more than a league distant. Upon this discovery, they hastened forward with increased speed, to prepare Moriarty for the enemy; and it was their arrival, which had thrown the castle into such confusion and tumult.
'You bring me strange tales, Molly,' said Sherlock: 'Was it the chamber where the black veil hangs?'. 'O! no, sir, it was one nearer to this. What shall I do, to get to my room? I would not go out into the corridor again, for the whole world!' Sherlock, whose spirits had been severely shocked, and who, therefore, did not like the thought of passing the night alone, told her she might sleep where she was. 'O, no, indeed!' replied Molly, 'I would not sleep in the room, now, for a thousand sequins!'
Thus passed weeks after weeks, time gradually softening his sorrow, and habit strengthening his desire of amusement, till the scenes around him seemed to awaken into a new character, and John, to have fallen among them from the clouds.
“Ah, sorry you blokes, nothing from the drink stand for you, the queues were crap. ‘Scuse,” finished Mike as they shuffled out of the way.
'O no, it could not be him, for I left him busy a-quarrelling in my master's dressing-room!'
'What, at this time of night!' said Molly: 'no, my dear sir. But, for that matter, it is a strange time of night for any body to come!'
Sherlock looks high, out at the lights. “TV moment, John, the world is watching.”
Have some more spooky derelict castles:
Notes
'What friend?' said Sherlock, somewhat encouraged. 'Who are you, and what is that light you carry?'
To this spot he had been attached from his infancy. The green pastures along which he had so often bounded in the exultation of health, and youthful freedom—the woods, under whose refreshing shade he had first indulged that pensive melancholy, which afterwards made a strong feature of his character—the wild walks of the mountains, the river, on whose waves he had floated, and the distant plains, which seemed boundless as his early hopes—were never after remembered by Holmes but with enthusiasm and regret. At length he disengaged himself from the world, and retired hither, to realize the wishes of many years.
'It was a fiend,' said Barnardine in a gloomy tone of voice. They were now both silent;—Sherlock had not courage to enquire further, and Barnardine seemed to shrink from telling more. At length he said, 'It is of no use to think of the past; the Signor was cruel enough, but he would be obeyed. What signified my refusing? He would have found others, who had no scruples.'
Meanwhile, the remainder party removed into the Count’s gondola which he had summoned, and which was embellished with all that taste and wealth could bestow. While they partook of a collation of fruits and ice, the band played the most sweet and enchanting strains, and the Count, who had again seated himself by Sherlock, paid him unremitted attention, and sometimes, in a low but impassioned voice, uttered compliments which Sherlock could not misunderstand. To avoid them he conversed with Signora Livona, and his manner to the Count assumed a strong reserve, but the Count would not be repressed: he could see, hear, and speak to no person, but Sherlock.
A cab full of people empties out just as Sherlock reaches the driveway, and John silently follows Sherlock in. The driver says “vila Olímpica?” and off they go.  The city is really turning it on, with flags and Olympic symbols on every building as they drive, only slamming to a halt to avoid some clueless tourist who’s stepped out into the middle of the road. John watches, hands on his knees, the bright lights of the city out the window and, sometimes, for a moment, their patterns on Sherlock’s face.
“Oh my GOD Anthea look!! LOOK!! It’s him! Isn’t it? Michael Phelps!!!”
John snorts. “Berk,” he says lazily, fatigue beginning to set in.
A turn on the road now allowed a nearer view of the chateau, the chimneys, tipped with light, rising from behind Holmes's favourite oaks, whose foliage partly concealed the lower part of the building. He saw the old housekeeper, Mrs. Hudson, coming to open the gate. Redbeard also came running, and barking before him; and when his young master alighted, fawned, and played round him, gasping with joy.
He imagined Sherlock’s tall body vaulting across the floor, lean muscles flexing as he looked up to pluck something out of the air. Would his hair get in his eyes?  Or would he slick it back for competition?  John wondered how Sherlock would look without his curls – aquiline features drawn into greater prominence, cheekbones thrown into relief….
Sherlock looks at John with a quirk of his lip. “Something like that.”
While he raised wet eyes to heaven, he observed the same planet, which he had seen in Languedoc, on the night, preceding his father's death, rise above the eastern towers of the castle, while he remembered the conversation, which has passed, concerning the probable state of departed souls; remembered, also, the solemn music she had heard, and to which the tenderness of his spirits had, in spite of reason, given a superstitious meaning. He continued musing, when suddenly the notes of sweet music passed on the air. A superstitious dread stole over him; he stood listening, for some moments, in trembling expectation, and then endeavoured to re-collect his thoughts, and to reason himself into composure; but human reason cannot establish laws on subjects, lost in the obscurity of imagination, any more than the eye can ascertain the form of objects, that only glimmer through the dimness of night.
Another suggestion represented, that this might be some person, who had designs upon the castle; but the mournful sounds destroyed, also, that probability. Thus, enquiry only perplexed him. Who, or what, it could be that haunted this lonely hour, complaining in such doleful accents and in such sweet music (for he was still inclined to believe, that the former strains and the late appearance were connected,) he had no means of ascertaining.
“Right, Sherlock, you next to me. Um… maybe an attitude derriere position?” Sounds like Sherlock, John thought complacently, flicking through the shots of him and Mary. They were kind of funny, he had to admit.
'Well, well, brother, I will not dispute with you. But, as I said, Moriarty threatens me with violence, if I any longer refuse to sign away my settlements, and this was the subject of our contest, when you came into the room before. Now, I am determined no power on earth shall make me do this. Neither will I bear all this tamely. He shall hear his true character from me; I will tell him all he deserves, in spite of his threats and cruel treatment.'
“Well, Baumann is working with a new coach this year, and let’s just say I know what he likes.”
Moriarty was silent; the guests looked at each other, to know who spoke; but they perceived, that each was making the same enquiry. Moriarty, at length, recovered himself. 'We are overheard,' said he: 'we will finish this subject another time. Pass the goblet.'
Sherlock's countenance, during this indelicate speech, varied every instant, and, John, meanwhile, scarcely less embarrassed, did not dare to look at him, for whom he was thus distressed; but, when Monsieur Mycroft was silent, he said, 'Flattering, sir, as your approbation is to me—highly as I am honoured by it—I have yet so much to fear, that I scarcely dare to hope.' 'Pray, sir, explain yourself,' said Monsieur Mycroft; an unexpected requisition, which embarrassed John again, and almost overcame him with confusion, at circumstances, on which, had he been only a spectator of the scene, he would have smiled.
Other sounds soon awakened his attention: it was the solemn harmony of horns, that swelled from a distance; and, observing the gondolas arrange themselves along the margin of the terraces, he leaned over the balcony till he could discern in the distant perspective of the canal, something like a procession, floating on the light surface of the water: as it approached, the horns and other instruments mingled sweetly, and soon after the fabled deities of the city seemed to have arisen from the ocean; for Neptune, with Venice personified as his queen, came on the undulating waves, surrounded by tritons and sea-nymphs. Sherlock looked upon the bare-chested sea-king, muscled and masculine, but ‘he is of no comparison to my own lover’, Sherlock decided.
(See the end of the chapter for
The glare outside is half-blinding, the bright sun reflecting off yards of pale concrete. Hand shading his face, John squints out into the park; but there is no Sherlock to be seen.
His calculations concerning fortune in this alliance were guided rather by his wishes, than by any hint of John’s, or strong appearance of probability; and, when he rested her expectation on the wealth of Madame Petitbois, he seemed totally to have forgotten, that the latter had a daughter. John, however, had not forgotten this circumstance, and the consideration of it had made him so modest in his expectations from Madame Petitbois, that he had not even named the relationship in his first conversation with Monsieur Mycroft. But, whatever might be the future fortune of Sherlock, the present distinction, which the connection would afford for himself, was certain, since the splendour of Madame Petitbois's establishment was such as to excite the general envy and partial imitation of the neighbourhood. Thus had he consented to involve his younger brother in an engagement, to which he saw only a distant and uncertain conclusion, with as little consideration of his happiness, as when he had so precipitately forbade it: for though he himself possessed the means of rendering this union not only certain, but prudent, to do so was no part of his present intention.
“Jesus, Bill!” exclaimed John.
John makes it to the end of the row (“sorry, sorry, oops, sorry”) before the second text arrives.
Baffling. John, blowing across the surface of his tea, seemed unruffled. Perhaps a change in questioning tactics.
“What do you normally say?” snaps John, turning back to him. “You’ve been texting him.”
When all the house had retired to bed, Sherlock decided to visit the corpse. Silent, and without weeping, he stood by its side. The features, placid and serene, told the nature of the last sensations, which had lingered in the now deserted frame. For a moment he turned away, in horror of the stillness in which death had fixed that countenance, never till now seen otherwise than animated; then gazed on it with a mixture of doubt and awful astonishment. His reason could scarcely overcome an involuntary and unaccountable expectation of seeing that beloved countenance wake; of hearing his father’s voice.
“Not my young man, Mrs. Hudson,” replies Sherlock, gently easing the first leg of tights up his calf.
It was in one of these excursions to this spot, that he observed the following lines written with a pencil on a part of the windowsill:
“I have it on good authority he’s going to attempt the Shirai this evening, the extremely difficult quadruple backwards twist named after the Japanese champion, of course.”
. His third opening ceremony, and somehow he’d forgotten about the noise. The music of the ceremony outside, echoed by the sound coming from the live telecast screen for the athletes inside. And the noise from the athletes – a constant anticipatory buzz punctuated by laughter, shouts and the occasional shriek echoed through the cavernous backstage area. A sea of blue and white coats surrounded him – this, then was team GB, practically bouncing off the walls and eager to get started.
An involuntary air of surprise appeared on Sherlock’s countenance. 'If you have indeed believed so,' said Sherlock, attempting to prise his legs free, 'believe so still.'
'Holy Saints!' rejoined Molly; 'How I was surprised! I met her just now, on the rampart below, there. I never was so surprised in my life! Ah! this is a strange place! I should never have done wondering, if I was to live here an hundred years. But, as I was saying, I met her just now on the rampart, and I was thinking of nobody less than of her.'
'My charming Sherlock,' said the man, 'why will you shut yourself up in this obscure place, when there is so much gaiety below? Return with me to the cedar parlour, where you will be the fairest ornament of the party;—you shall not repent the exchange.'
The gymnastics crew was all together, huddled backstage, just like fourteen days ago, but with some pretty impressive new hardware. Unconsciously, John smooths down the ribbons of his medals, pressing them flat against his chest. The team is dancing and bopping as they wait to go out, waving the little Team GB flags they’d all be given along with the special closing ceremony uniforms. John even has a proper full size flag tucked under one arm that he’d been given.
Sherlock runs through the routine twice before Mrs. Hudson is waving him over to inspect his tights again and then they are making their way out to the competition floor for the fourth and final time. Sherlock looks out onto the floor, where one of his competitors is in the final stages of his routine.
Who rears the bloody hand?
The travellers proceeded without any further interruption; but it was some hours after sun-set before they arrived at Verona, whose beautiful environs were therefore not seen by Sherlock till the following morning; when, leaving that pleasant town at an early hour, they set off for Padua, where they embarked on the Brenta for Venice. Here the scene was entirely changed; no vestiges of war, such as had deformed the plains of the Milanese, appeared; on the contrary, all was peace and elegance. The verdant banks of the Brenta exhibited a continued landscape of beauty, gaiety, and splendour. Sherlock gazed with interest on the villas of the Venetian noblesse, with their cool porticos and colonnades, overhung with poplars and cypresses of majestic height and lively verdure; on their rich orangeries, whose blossoms perfumed the air, and on the luxuriant willows, that dipped their light leaves in the wave, and sheltered from the sun the cheery parties whose music came at intervals on the breeze. The Carnival did, indeed, appear to extend from Venice along the whole line of these enchanting shores; the river was gay with boats passing to that city, exhibiting the fantastic diversity of a masquerade in the dresses of the people within them; and, towards evening, groups of dancers frequently were seen beneath the trees.
Step up. Salute. Run. Bounce. Right hand spring. Two front turns. Land (stuck).
'It was a lucky mischance, be it what it may, Signor,' replied Bertolini, smiling. 'I would, that one so lucky had befallen me.'
Meanwhile, Moriarty, who was weary of this harmony, was considering how he might disengage himself from his party, or withdraw with such of it as would be willing to play, to a Casino. In a pause of the music, he proposed returning to shore, a proposal which Morstan eagerly seconded, but which the Count and the others as warmly opposed. However, shortly the gondolieri of an empty boat, returning to Venice, hailed them, and without troubling himself longer about an excuse, Moriarty seized this opportunity of going thither, and, committing his husband to the care of his friends, departed.
“Not one that you know about,” replies Sherlock, still busy with the phone. “Come on, breakfast time. Then to the Arena!”
(See the end of the chapter for
“So how many to go?”
When the service was over, the friar regarded Sherlock with attention and surprise, and looked as if he wished to speak to him, but was restrained by the presence of the condottieri, who, as they now led the way to the courts, amused themselves with jokes upon his holy order, which he endured in silence, demanding only to be conducted safely to his convent.  The appearance of the friar had interested Sherlock, who, though it was at his own request, that Moriarty had consented to allow a priest to perform the last rites for his deceased husband, knew nothing concerning this person, till Molly later informed him, that he belonged to a monastery, situated among the mountains at a few miles distance. The Superior, who regarded Moriarty and his associates, not only with aversion, but with terror, had probably feared to offend him by refusing his request, and had, therefore, ordered a monk to officiate at the funeral, who, as the chapel was built on consecrated ground, had not objected to commit to it the remains of the late unhappy Monsieur Mycroft.
“And a lovely way to finish the fifth rotation of this session. The boys from Team GB on the parallel bars for the final rotation as they come up to the apparatus now. And Bill Murray will start… but looking at the team there, does Philip Anderson’s nose look a bit swollen to you Kate?”
“Where the bloody hell did you spring from?” exclaims John.
“Well, Sherlock, that was just something, wasn’t it dear! I’m sure your young man will have found it very impressive!”
This information heightened Sherlock's impatience to know more, and Molly immediately departed with instructions to enquire further if there were prisoners in the castle.
, continued his brain, descending into hysteria.
'Ah—now, Sherlock!—how can one keep such a secret as that?'
At this time, a 'casino' was more like a private club or salon than the big gambling establishments we know today (although certainly gambling would take place).
Although in the story we haven't yet seen the mysterious chateau (other than the moonlight glinting off the roof and weather vane), I like to picture the chateau as something like this:
This letter brought many emotions to Sherlock’s heart; it was full of tenderness and satisfaction on learning that John was well, and that time and absence had in no degree effaced his image from John’s heart. However, the intelligence concerning Bakersfield had the opposite effect.  That Mons. Anderson should let it, without even consulting him on the measure, both angered and shocked him, particularly as it proved the absolute authority Anderson thought himself entitled to exercise in Sherlock’s affairs. It appeared, also, that he had not even condescended to inform Moriarty of the step he had taken, since no motive was evident for Moriarty's concealing the circumstance from Sherlock, if it had been made known to him: this both displeased and surprised him; but the chief subjects of his anger were—the temporary disposal of Bakersfield, and the dismission of her father's old and faithful servant.—'Poor Mrs. Hudson,' said Sherlock, 'thou had not saved much in thy servitude, for thou wast always tender towards the poor, and believed thy would die in the family, where thy best years had been spent. Poor Mrs. Hudson!—now thou art turned out in thy old age to seek thy bread!'
He was now informed, that a large party were expected to dinner; and informed that he was expected to be attired with gaiety and taste; after which Mycroft condescended to shew Sherlock the splendour of his chateau, and to point out the particular beauty, or elegance, which he thought distinguished each of her numerous suites of apartments.
Sherlock ascended the marble staircase, and came to the corridor, as they passed through which, Molly resumed her chat—'What a wild lonely place this is, monsieur! I shall be quite frightened to live in it. How often have I wished myself in France again! I little thought, when I came with my lord to see the world, that I should ever be shut up in such a place as this! This way, down this turning. I can almost believe in ghosts again, and such like, for this is just like one of their castles; and, some night or other, I suppose I shall see goblins too, hopping about in that great old hall, that looks more like a church, with its huge pillars, than any thing else.'
Mike reaches out for the phone with greasy fingers.
“Yes, yes, I’m sure there’ll be plenty of opportunities in the future, dear. Meanwhile, there’s Caipirinhas at the hotel bar, so all is not lost, eh, darling girl?” Sherlock, eyes closed at his parent’s shameful behaviour, so he misses the huge wink his father throws at John over his wife’s shoulder as they walk away.
Tearing his eyes up again, he spied two vivid green beanbags and immediately flopped himself in, swivelling his bottom from side to side and prodding at the sides with long fingers in an attempt to mould the seat to the most comfortable position. He was still engaged in this engrossing endeavour when John returned, distracting musculature now covered in a deep blue hoodie and a grey towel wrapped snuggly around narrow hips. “Back in a tic,” he said, depositing a bundle of gear at his feet and disappearing once again, towel swishing round his calves (
Could Sherlock be heading ‘round the front, to meet his family as they come out? No, surely not, he’d be annoyed by the crowds. Maybe he’d go ‘round to the buses, go straight back to the village?   He wouldn’t go back without his coach, though, surely – that’d be astronomically rude, even for Sherlock.
Sherlock, as he observed him in silence, saw, that his countenance was darker and sterner than usual. Their breakfast passed in silence, till Sherlock requested his wish that another apartment might be allotted to him.
An affair, however, soon after occurred, which somewhat called off Moriarty's attention from Sherlock. The mysterious visits of Mary Morstan were renewed with more frequency since the return of the former to Venice. There were others, also, besides Morstan, admitted to these midnight councils, and among them Douglas and Verezzi. Moriarty became more reserved and austere in his manner than ever; and Sherlock perceived with horror, that something extraordinary was working in his mind.
The dawn, which softened the scenery with its peculiar grey tint, now dispersed, and Sherlock watched the progress of the day, first trembling on the tops of the highest cliffs, then touching them with splendid light, while their sides and the vale below were still wrapt in dewy mist. Meanwhile, the sullen grey of the eastern clouds began to blush, then to redden, and then to glow with a thousand colours, till the golden light darted over all the air, touched the lower points of the mountain's brow, and glanced in long sloping beams upon the valley and its stream.
“Oh, we’re going to be Instagram famous, John!” chirped Sherlock as Mary trotted back.
Bill smirked. “You oughta relax more, Johnny boy. All that tension’s no good for a body.”
'Assertion,' replied Wilkes, 'at such a moment, is not to be depended upon. How could I suffer myself to doubt, even for an instant, that he could see you, and not love?—But my first care shall be to convey you from the castle. Cesario! ho,—Cesario!'
'Yes, sir; the convent of St. Clair stands at no great distance, on the sea shore yonder.'
“I’m sure, I’m sure,” nodded John, a picture of seriousness.
Arthur Zanetti gets a brief mention in this chapter - He took home the gold in the rings event in London and silver in front of his home crowd in Rio
Moriarty did not embark on the Brenta, but pursued his way in carriages across the country, towards the Apennine; during which journey, his manner to Sherlock was so particularly severe, that this alone would have confirmed this deduction, had any such confirmation been necessary. Sherlock’s senses were now dead to the beautiful country through which he travelled. Sometimes he was compelled to smile at the naivete of Molly, in her remarks on what she saw, and sometimes to sigh, as a scene of peculiar beauty recalled John to his thoughts, who was indeed seldom absent from them, and of whom he could never hope to hear in the solitude, to which he was hastening.
He distinguished, till a late hour, the distant carousals of Moriarty and his companions—the loud contest, the dissolute laugh and the choral song, that made the halls re-echo. At length, he heard the heavy gates of the castle shut for the night, and those sounds instantly sunk into a silence, which was disturbed only by the whispering steps of persons, passing through the galleries to their remote rooms. Sherlock now judging it to be about the time, when he had heard the music, on the preceding night, and gently opened the casement to watch for its return. The planet he had so particularly noticed, at the recurrence of the music, was not yet risen; but, with superstitious weakness, he kept his eyes fixed on that part of the hemisphere, where it would rise, almost expecting, that, when it appeared, the sounds would return. At length, it came, serenely bright, over the eastern towers of the castle. Every thing, however, remained still; he heard only the solitary step of a sentinel, and the lulling murmur of the woods below, and he again leaned from the casement, and again looked, as if for intelligence, to the planet, which was now risen high above the towers.
'Promise, that you will come,' he continued, 'and I will release you immediately; but first give me a reward for so doing’ as one hand slipped down Sherlock’s back.
Holmes followed a gay Parisian servant to a parlour, where sat Mons. and Madame Anderson, who received him with a stately politeness, and, after a few formal words of condolement, seemed to have forgotten that they ever had a sister.
Some bloke in black leggings rewards John’s stubby-fingered screen poking. It’s not Sherlock; but John watches it attentively, hunched over the tiny screen. The man walks off the floor at the end of his routine and there’s a few replays before it cuts to the kiss ‘n’ cry where the athlete and his coach sit and wait for the scores to come in. It looks awful - at least in the artistic world you can jump around, hide your face and run if you have to; rather than staring straight down the camera while you wait to hear how badly you cocked it up.
'It does not suit me to answer enquiries,' said Moriarty.  Sherlock rose to withdraw. 'Good night, brother,' he said, with assumed composure.  'Good night, brother mine,' said Mycroft, in a tone of kindness, which his brother had never before heard from him, and summonsed the servant to show Sherlock his room.
'That ceremony is unnecessary,' replied Sherlock, 'my brother will rejoice to see me.'
Here's some
“So, what are we up to after breakfast, anyway? Where do we start?”
‘What?’ gasped Molly. ‘Delete the memory of you being seized by ruffians!’
“Just to stop me from winning?” says Sarah through gritted teeth, holding the club in a way that makes John shift in very close, ready to prevent an assault charge.
John looked down the tunnel. This particular tunnel was a runway one metre wide, twenty-five metres long, and had a one hundred and thirty-five centimetre high vaulting table at the end of it.
“You put them over the, ah, vulva?” John continued after a pause. “Or the….”
As the bus zips along the express ‘Olympic traffic’ lane towards the park, John’s phone remains silent, although Lestrade next to him is getting texts aplenty, it seems. Lestrade hadn’t volunteered much, but it seems like Mary had been quietly shipped back to Britain to languish at Her Majesty’s pleasure, which John can’t feel bad about. He wonders idly if Moran has had the same privilege, because a part of him (a large part) isn’t sad at the thought of him fighting off rats in prison. John shakes the thought from his mind and thinks about his gala routine, pondering the correct amount of Watson magic to apply.
And fuck, that isn’t helping. Thanks for nothing, BBC.
'Yet how is it possible, Molly, I can pass to the terrace at that hour?' said he, recollecting himself, 'the sentinels will stop me, and Signor Moriarty will hear of the affair.'
As Sherlock passed an open casement, he saw a party of troops winding down a distant mountain. A confusion of distant voices accompanied them, and a clattering of hoofs, that seemed to come, on the wind. A sudden hope, that some good was approaching, seized his mind, till he remembered the troops he had observed from the casement, and concluded this to be the party, which Molly had said were expected at Musgrovio.
“That’s MORE than enough time, isn’t this a team sport? So the whole team should be let in? Stand aside!” Sherlock’s deep baritone preceded him into the room, door swinging open to reveal a half-dozen faces peering in behind him.
On sands and shores and desert wildernesses.
“Henry!” John interrupted with no small degree of desperation. “Think of that after the comp, right? Focus! And yes, safe sex!  Look!” he flailed an arm at the screen, desperate to distract from the dissection of his sex life by a kid just out of school, “Gisele Bündchen!”
Moriarty, meanwhile, had made strict enquiry concerning the strange circumstance of his alarm, without obtaining information; and was, at length, obliged to account for it by the reasonable supposition, that it was a mischievous trick played off by one of his domestics. His disagreements with Mycroft, on the subject of his settlements, were now more frequent than ever; he even confined Mycroft entirely to his own apartment, and did not scruple to threaten him with much greater severity, should he persevere in a refusal.
There was no time to be lost, and, committing his father to the care of Michael, who refused to go far from his mules, he stepped from the carriage in search of the chateau he had seen at a distance. It was a still moon-light night, and the music, which yet sounded on the air, directed his steps from the high road, up a shadowy lane, that led to the woods. His mind was for some time so entirely occupied by anxiety and terror for his father, that he felt none for himself, till the deepening gloom of the overhanging foliage, which now wholly excluded the moon-light, and the wildness of the place, recalled him to a sense of the adventurous situation. The music had ceased, and in the darkness, no deductions were possible – he had no guide but chance. He hurried on, however, not knowing whither, avoiding the recesses of the woods, and endeavouring to keep along their margin, till a rude kind of avenue, which opened upon a moon-light spot, arrested his attention. The wildness of this avenue brought to his recollection the one leading to the turreted chateau, and he was inclined to believe, that this was a part of the same domain, and probably led to the same point.
He then took up the torch, and led her along the passage, at the extremity of which he unlocked another door, whence they descended, a few steps, into a chapel, which, as Barnardine held up the torch, Sherlock observed to be in ruins, and he immediately recollected a former conversation of Molly, concerning it, with very unpleasant emotions. He looked with apprehension on the almost roofless walls, green with damps, and on the gothic points of the windows, where the ivy and the briony had long supplied the place of glass, and ran mantling among the broken capitals of some columns, that had once supported the roof. Barnardine stumbled over the broken pavement, and his voice, as he uttered a sudden oath, was returned in hollow echoes, that made it more terrific. Sherlock's heart sunk; but he still followed him, and he turned out of what had been the principal aisle of the chapel. 'Down these steps, sir,' said Barnardine, as he descended a flight, which appeared to lead into the vaults; but Sherlock paused on the top, and demanded, in the strongest tone he could muster, whither he was being conducted.
Moriarty ordered Sherlock to await him in the cedar parlour, whither he soon followed, and then sternly questioned him on this mysterious affair. Though Sherlock now viewed him with horror, as the murderer of his brother, and scarcely knew what he said in reply to his impatient enquiries, his answers and manner convinced Moriarty, that Sherlock had not taken a voluntary part in the late scheme, and he dismissed Sherlock to question his servants, and discover those, who had been accomplices in it.
“It looks as if it is the correct dimensions to hold the medal, a stand of sorts…” mused Sherlock, peering down at the sculpture in Mary’s hands. Everyone looked over at Sherlock, surprised.
“What have we got?” John said, walking up to Sherlock’s side. Sherlock scrolls through the phone and begins to play John the footage. In some of them he can clearly be seen, darting across the bottom of the frame. Some appear to just be seconds of the scenery (or whatever you want to call pathways of an Olympic village), John only partly in frame and only the occasional huff of breath from Sherlock audible as takes the shot. He looks up at Sherlock, whose expression is typically inscrutable. He will wait for John to get the answer himself, he realises. John takes the phone and swipes back and forth between the videos, brow furrowed. He looks at the last ones shot, each angle slightly different as Sherlock hung from the balcony, each with a different amount of John visible – sometimes his whole body, or just the top of his head. John scurrying, running, commando crawling across the ground; but he’s always in the shot, even if just partially.
When his recollection returned, he spoke again at the door, and again attempted to open it, and, having lingered for some time, without receiving any answer, or hearing a sound, he descended the turret, and, with all the swiftness his feebleness would permit, sought his own apartment.
'Who is the person, then?'
Sherlock looks at the outstretched hand and takes it, looking at John’s blue eyes, crinkled against the artificial lighting, his strong, upright stance. John gives his hand one more pump, wishes him good luck again, and turns and leaves.
I could a tale unfold, whose lightest word
“Yes, here we go!” says Mary, stepping into John’s embrace. “Give us a kiss for luck!” she chirps.
'These scenes,' said John, at length, 'soften the heart, like the notes of sweet music. They waken our best and purest feelings, disposing us to benevolence, pity, and friendship. Those whom I love—I always seem to love more in such an hour as this.' His voice faltered, and he stopped.
“How’s the day been?”
“Baseball was removed from the Olympics programme after 2004. It is
A quick little pull up of Sherlock’s lip; just the start of a smile. “15.8,” he said by way of reply.
In which the scene of our story shifts to Musgrovio and we begin to hear more of the mysteries within it's damp and mossy battlements.
(See the end of the chapter for
'The same that was the subject of your note to him, certainly. You did well to stipulate for my confidence before you demanded that question.'
“Cup of coffee,” said Sherlock, looking at the ceiling.
“Well, not all of them will make it back to Blighty, no,” said John, hand scrubbing through his hair again. “I wish I’d been roomed with Mike, he’s got this ‘Master of his own Domain’ thing going until his competition is over, you know? But then Henry would have been with Bill and my God, he’s just too young for that. I mean I know he’s 19 but he just seems about 14, you know? It would have been corruption of a minor, or something….”
'What impropriety! why that of receiving the visits of a lover unknown to your family,' replied Monsieur Mycroft, not considering the impropriety of which he had himself been guilty, in exposing his young brother to the possibility of conduct so erroneous.
Sherlock, when the chaise was underway, expressed surprise on seeing John, who explained his unexpected appearance by saying, 'You, sir, renewed my taste for society; when you had left the hamlet, it did indeed appear lonely and forlorn. I determined, therefore, to change the scene; and I took this road, because I knew it led through a more romantic tract of mountains than the spot I have left. Besides,' added he, hesitating for an instant, 'I will own, and why should I not? that I had some hope of overtaking you. And your father, of course.'
The women’s artistic team in a loose group – and John cursed himself for not trying with their names, instead having mentally catalogued them as the one with the hair (Tessa? Gemma?), the one with the nose (Louise?), the one with the spots (was that Gemma?), the one with the freckles, and the flirty one (Jeanette). Well, they all seemed to be there, at any rate.
In about half an hour, he followed to the dressing-room; and Sherlock observed, with horror, his dark countenance and quivering lip, and heard him denounce vengeance on his brother.
There was a round of polite applause at the conclusion of the routine. Anderson angled over, Mike having to move to avoid getting a face full of Anderson’s horrible blue, white and red novelty wig. “Ooh, how do you reckon they did? I liked that bit in the middle where they all tangled themselves up! Amazing!”
“Been?” said Mary.
luck, Victor,” said Sherlock, sounding incredibly upper-class and irritating. For some unknowable reason, John was heartened.
As Sherlock awaited anxiously some information from below, he now saw from the casements a body of troops pour over the neighbouring heights.  At length, he heard a footstep approach his chamber; and, on opening the door, saw, not Molly, but old Carlo! New fears rushed upon his mind. He said he came from the Signor, who had ordered him to inform Sherlock, that he must be ready to depart from Musgrovio immediately, for that the castle was about to be besieged; and that mules were preparing to convey him, to a place of safety.
In another part of his letter he wrote thus. 'You see my letter is dated on many different days, and, if you look back to the first, you will perceive, that I began to write soon after your departure from France. To write was, indeed, the only employment that withdrew me from my own melancholy, and rendered your absence supportable, or rather, it seemed to destroy absence; for, when I was conversing with you on paper, and telling you every sentiment and affection of my heart, you almost appeared to be present. This employment has been from time to time my chief consolation, and I have deferred sending off my packet, merely for the comfort of prolonging it, though it was certain, that what I had written, was written to no purpose till you received it. Whenever my mind has been more than usually depressed I have come to pour forth its sorrows to you, and have always found consolation; and, when any little occurrence has interested my heart, and given a gleam of joy to my spirits, I have hastened to communicate it to you, and have received reflected satisfaction. Thus, my letter is a kind of picture of my life and of my thoughts for the last month, and thus, though it has been deeply interesting to me, while I wrote it, and I dare hope will, for the same reason, be not indifferent to
Molly had also heard of Count Wilkes, but only that he was lodged in a cottage in the wood below, and that every body said he must die.
John sits down on one of the awful plastic chairs and scrubs his hands through his hair, listening to the faint music coming from the performance.
'I sent for you, Sherlock,' said Moriarty, raising his head, 'that you might be a witness in some business, which I am transacting with my friend Moran. All that is required of you will be to sign your name to this paper:' he then took one up, hurried unintelligibly over some lines, and, laying it before him on the table, offered him, a pen. Sherlock took it, and was going to write—when the design of Moriarty came upon his mind like a flash of lightning; he let the pen fall, and refused to sign what he had not read. Moriarty affected to laugh at his scruples, and, taking up the paper, again pretended to read; but Sherlock, who now perceived his danger, positively refused to sign any paper whatever. Moriarty, when he perceived that Sherlock understood his design, abruptly changed his manner.  He told him, that he had been willing to spare himself the trouble of useless contest, in an affair, where his will was justice, and where Sherlock should find it law; and had, therefore, endeavoured to persuade, rather than to compel, him to the practice of this duty.
'Monsieur Mycroft is alive,' said he, 'for me. He is my prisoner, though; his excellenza has shut him up in the chamber over the great gates of the court, and I have the charge of him. I was going to have told you, you might see him—but now—'
The library occupied the west side of the chateau, and was enriched by a collection of the best books in the ancient and modern languages. This room opened upon a grove, and the tall trees gave it a melancholy and pleasing shade. Adjoining the library was a green-house, stored with scarce and beautiful plants; for one of the amusements of Holmes was the study of botany, and among the neighbouring mountains, which afforded a luxurious feast to the mind of the naturalist, he often passed the day in the pursuit of his favourite science. He was frequently accompanied in these excursions by his son, Sherlock.
“Still just souvenirs?” Sherlock sneered.
After a long pause, 'It is now about eighteen years since I first heard that music,' said La Voisin; 'I remember it was on a fine summer's night, much like this, but later, that I was walking in the woods, and alone. I remember, too, that my spirits were very low, for one of my boys was ill, and we feared we should lose him. I had been watching at his bed-side all the evening, and went out for a little fresh air, the day had been very sultry. As I walked under the shades, I heard music at a distance, and thought it was Claude playing upon his lute, as he often did of a fine evening, at the cottage door. But, when I came to a place where the trees opened, (I shall never forget it!) and stood looking up at the north-lights, which shot up the heaven to a great height, I heard all of a sudden such sounds!—they came so as I cannot describe. It was like the music of angels, and I looked up again almost expecting to see them in the sky. When I came home, I told what I had heard, but they laughed at me, and said it must be some of the shepherds playing on their pipes, and I could not persuade them to the contrary. A few nights after, however, my wife herself heard the same sounds, and was as much surprised as I was, and Father Denis frightened her sadly by saying, that it was music come to warn her of her child's death, and that music often came to houses where there was a dying person.'
'Holy Virgin!' cried Molly, 'are you ill, monsieur? you are going to faint! let me get some water.'
Sherlock remained in his chamber, on the following morning, without receiving any notice from Moriarty, or seeing a human being, except the armed men, who sometimes passed on the terrace below. It was certain, from the absence of Molly, that some accident had befallen Hopkins, and that she was still in confinement; Sherlock, therefore, resolved also to visit the chamber, where he had spoken to her, on the preceding night, and, if the poor girl was yet there, to procure her liberty.
Sherlock spoke, that there was no proof of Moriarty being the person, whom the stranger had meant; that, even if he was so, the Italian had noticed his character and broken fortunes merely from report; and that, though some of Sherlock’s deductions gave probability to a part of the rumour, it was not by such circumstances that an implicit truth could be ascertained. These considerations arose so distinctly to his mind, and the terrors of John that presented to him such obvious exaggerations of his danger, incited Sherlock to distrust the fallacies of passion.
?!  Think of the shrinkage!
John fought to keep his face from flushing. “Sorry, I’ll stop.”
“Jesus, Mike, are you all right?” John exclaimed, leaving Sherlock’s side to grip his friend’s arms.
John swallowed. “Righto,” he said, believing her utterly, and looked down at his eggs.
On entering the chateau Sherlock felt more depressed than ever, for he missed the presence of that dear parent, who, whenever he had been from home, used to welcome his return with smiles and fondness; now, all was silent and forsaken.
John squinted suspiciously at Sherlock. “How long have you been in here watching me
“Besides,” John continued “a bit of friendly cheering and flag-waving could make all the difference. At least 0.185 of a points’ worth, I’d think. Perhaps as much as 0.2 of a point, even.”
'Ah! I see,' said John, after a long pause, during which Sherlock had begun, and left unfinished two or three sentences, 'I see that I have nothing to hope; my fears were too just, you think me unworthy of your esteem.' His voice faltered, and he abruptly quitted his seat and walked on the terrace. There was an expression of despair on his countenance, that affected Sherlock. His mind was in tumult; he turned towards John; he could say nothing, the words dead on his lips. Sherlock’s eyes, however, reflected all the emotions of his heart.
“I didn’t know, last time we were here, what I wanted then, what my life would look like, after this was all over.  I still don’t, I suppose; dunno if winning a celebrity talent show really counts as a plan, but what I do want of my life is to have you in it, Sherlock. That’s what’s important. What….what do you want?”
'This castle, you must know, is very old, and very strong, and has stood out many sieges as they say. Now it was not Signor Moriarty's always, nor his father's; no; but, by some law or other, it was to come to the Signor, if the lady died unmarried.'
How did you enjoy it? Please let me know!
'What is that?' said Holmes, roused again from thoughtfulness. As his host repeated his last sentence, a groan escaped from Holmes, and then, as if anxious to prevent it from being noticed, he hastily asked La Voisin how long he had lived in this neighbourhood. 'Almost from my childhood, sir,' replied his host.
Another one with a named skill – John himself had done a Dragulescu vault here at this competition.
The athletes do indeed have a dedicated
'Under his protection!' exclaimed Wilkes, proudly, 'his PROTECTION! Sherlock, why will you suffer yourself to be thus deluded? I have already told you what you have to expect from his PROTECTION.  You trifle with my patience and my distress!' continued Wilkes. 'Is a marriage with a man, who adores you, so very terrible in your eyes, that you would prefer to it all the misery, to which Moriarty may condemn you in this remote prison? Some wretch must have stolen those affections, which ought to be mine, or you would not thus obstinately persist in refusing an offer, that would place you beyond the reach of oppression.' Wilkes walked about the room, with quick steps, and a disturbed air.
might we but hear
After some general conversation, Holmes requested to speak with him alone; and Sherlock, being left with Madame Anderson, soon learned that a large party was invited to dine at the chateau, and was compelled to hear that nothing which was past and irremediable ought to prevent the festivity of the present hour.
Sherlock gives John a quelling look before turning his attention back to the crowd.
“Evening again, Sherlock,” said Sarah, flopping back down onto the raised bed.
“What was that, anyway?” John hissed to Sherlock as he caught up with him at the door, blinking in the sudden sunlight. “I thought you said we were going to solve a crime, not stand about for selfies!”
“A sensational start for Watson in this competition on the pommel horse, Irene!”
Sherlock merely looked at his brother expressively.
With Mary, her coach and Lestrade in the car, Mycroft comes up to where Sherlock stands next to John. “Good luck, brother mine,” he says formally, extending his hand.
“Outrageous!” replied John, trying hard to enter into the spirit of the thing. “Who’s nicked your thunder, then?”
come to you courtesy of American gymnast Sam Mikulak.
“Sherlock, that can’t be right, Mary was in the room with the coaches. They both said so,” says Sarah slowly, looking back and forth between Sherlock and Mary.
Eight other guests sat round the table, who were all dressed in uniform, and had all an expression, more or less, of wild fierceness, of subtle design, or of licentious passions. As Sherlock surveyed them, he remembered the scene of the preceding morning, and again believed himself surrounded by banditti; then, looking back to the tranquillity of his early life, he felt scarcely less astonishment, than grief, at his present situation. The scene, in which they sat, assisted the illusion; it was an antient hall, gloomy from the style of its architecture, from its great extent, and because almost the only light it received was from one large gothic window, and from a pair of folding doors, which, being open, admitted likewise a view of the west rampart, with the wild mountains of the Apennine beyond.
It was like a hallucination. The hallways felt enclosing, suffocating; but they were wide and open. They were being hustled along at a pace so fast they were practically tripping; but the hallway went on, endless. He was the same man he was yesterday; but he was John Watson, Olympic medallist. It was like a winter coat, comforting and heavy on the shoulders. John shrugged his shoulders and smiled to himself.
'Alas, sir! you remember, then, a most beautiful and excellent lady. She deserved a better fate.'
On hearing this, Holmes determined to proceed to the chateau, and risk the refusal of being accommodated for the night; he therefore desired the countryman would shew Michael the way, and bade him expect reward for his trouble. The man was for a moment silent, and then said, that he was going on other business, but that the road could not be missed, if they went up an avenue to the right, to which he pointed. Holmes was going to speak, but the peasant wished him good night, and walked on.
In the tense few moments that follow, it doesn’t escape John’s attention that Victor does not in fact offer his congratulations.
Mycroft, as has been already shewn, had a disposition, which delighted in contradiction, and which taught him, when unpleasant circumstances were offered to his understanding, not to enquire into their truth, but to seek for arguments, by which he might make them appear false. Long habit had so entirely confirmed this natural propensity, that he was not conscious of possessing it. Sherlock's representations, therefore, roused his pride, instead of alarming, or convincing his judgment, and Mycroft still relied upon the discovery of some means, by which he might yet avoid submitting to the demand of his husband.
'My looks do me injustice then, Monsieur, my loss I know can never be recovered.'
have wished, at least, that the affair had been concluded with
“Indeed it is Kate, great strength required in this apparatus as well as accuracy, and Watson so exact in his performance… picking up the rapid pace there through these spins and the dismount, and tremendous height for the dismount. And look at his face, he’s very happy with that, little fist pump there…”
“No, no, this is mine now,” John calls as he runs, Sherlock giving chase with his open suit jacket flapping behind him. Sherlock barrels into John’s side but doesn’t break stride before eventually overtaking him, long legs running away from John and out of sight into the building lobby.
Sherlock returned, with delight, to the liberty which their presence had restrained, to his books, his walks, and the rational conversation of M. and Madame Holmes, who seemed to rejoice, no less, that they were delivered from the shackles, which arrogance and frivolity had imposed.
'Count Wilkes! You think me now in your power; but you will observe, that this is not the conduct which can win the esteem you appear so solicitous to obtain, and that you are preparing for yourself a load of remorse, in the miseries of a friendless orphan, prepared now to destroy himself, which can never leave you. Do you believe your heart to be, indeed, so hardened, that you can look without emotion on my lifeless corpse, smashed on the battlements below?'—-
“No, indeed,” Sherlock replies, “John!”
, with its cave paintings, is also a real place.
'Why much as usual, Signor, only it wants a good deal of repairing. There is the north tower—some of the battlements have tumbled down, and had liked one day to have knocked my poor wife (God rest her soul!) on the head. Your excellenza must know'—
Anthea smiled widely, showing a mouthful of straight white teeth in a way that was both innocuous and terrifying. “Oh, don’t you worry about me,” she said as she picked up the tray.
The moment on 't; for 't must be done to-night.
'And nothing else?' said Sherlock, speaking incredulously.—'There again! Do you hear nothing now?'
Holmes, sufficiently restored by a night's repose to pursue his journey, set out in the morning, with his son and John, for Rousillon, which he hoped to reach before night-fall. The scenes, through which they now passed, were as wild and romantic, as any they had yet observed, with this difference, that beauty, every now and then, softened the landscape into smiles. Little woody recesses appeared among the mountains, covered with bright verdure and flowers; or a pastoral valley opened its grassy bosom in the shade of the cliffs, with flocks and herds loitering along the banks of a rivulet, that refreshed it with perpetual green.
“Takes more than one basketballer to make a three-continents,” Bill agrees. “You need a swimmer at least.”
The same sound, however, the next instant returned; and, distinguishing something moving towards him, and in the next instant press beside him into the chair; Sherlock shrieked!
“Anyway, later on, the young lovers get intercepted by the father and the rejected suitor and Basilio announces that he will kill himself if he cannot be with his beloved, stabs himself right there on the stage in front of poor old Kitri, very dramatic. As he lays there dying he asks Kitri’s father for permission to marry her which he of course gives, knowing Basilio’s about to die, but you see, John, he’s faked it! He hasn’t really committed suicide at all! With that impediment removed, up pops Basilio, alive as anything, and off they go to get married and be happy ever after. It’s a bit over-wrought,” Violet reflects slowly, “but it’s terrific fun. And cracking dancing, too, of course.”
'Who told you, that Monsieur Mycroft was dead?' said Moriarty, with an inquisitive eye. Sherlock hesitated, for nobody had told him so, and he did not dare to avow the having seen that spectacle in the portal-chamber, which had compelled him to the belief.
'It is indeed,' said Sherlock, who was confirmed in his first conjecture, for he now distinguished John’s countenance, lighted up with still more than its usual animation. A thousand anxious feelings crowded to his mind, and the effort, which he made to appear himself, only served to increase his agitation. John, meanwhile, having enquired anxiously after Sherlock’s health, and expressed his hopes, that M. Holmes had found benefit from travelling, learned from the expression of grief on Sherlock’s countenance, which he could not repress, the fatal truth. John led him to a seat, and sat down by him, while Sherlock blinked rapidly to conceal his struggles, and John to hold the hand, which he was unconscious he had taken.
The barge stopped before the portico of a large house, from whence a servant of Moriarty crossed the terrace, and immediately the party disembarked. From the portico they passed a noble hall to a stair-case of marble, which led to a saloon, fitted up in a style of magnificence that surprised Sherlock. The walls and ceilings were adorned with historical and allegorical paintings, in fresco; silver tripods, depending from chains of the same metal, illumined the apartment, the floor of which was covered with Indian mats painted in a variety of colours and devices; the couches and drapery of the lattices were of pale green silk, embroidered and fringed with green and gold. Balcony lattices opened upon the grand canal, whence rose a confusion of voices and of musical instruments, and the breeze that gave freshness to the apartment. Sherlock, considering the gloomy temper of Moriarty, looked upon the splendid furniture of this house with suspicion, and remembered the report of his being a man of broken fortune.
of athletes with all their kit which gives me warm Olympic feels.  The jumper which John is described wearing is this one.
Sieger and Violet are crying, embracing; Mycroft is screaming, lion clutched to his chest; Sherlock is rising to his feet; and John is looking down at him feeling as if his heart will burst out of his chest.  Surely, he thinks, surely that’s it, that’s enough, with that routine that was gymnastics and ballet and
John blinks rapidly and Mycroft and Sherlock are approaching the group again, neither looking particularly impressed.
'I do live,' replied Mycroft, 'but—I feel that I am about to die.'
Mary rallies. “I was here when you were attacked, freak!”
Sherlock threw open the window and leaned out. All without was obscured in shade; the sounds became fainter and fainter, till they softened into silence. He listened, but they returned no more.
“Enlightening, John. I’m merely uncertain why it merited that level of excitement.”
(See the end of the chapter for
'Yes, sir, a picture of the late lady of this place. Old Carlo just now told me it was her, and I thought you would be curious to see it. As to my master, you know, one cannot talk about such things to him.'—
Sherlock now enquired of the sentinel, whether he had seen any person besides his fellow watch, walking on the terrace, about midnight; and then briefly related what he had observed.
'You believe, then,' said Sherlock, 'that the pangs I suffer proceed from a trivial and temporary interest; you believe—'
As a mathematician, of course Sherlock's mum would be intrigued with the physics of Simone Biles' incredible flip.
Sherlock enquired who did, but Molly shewed, that she COULD keep a secret.
'Nor will it be the last,' observed one of his comrades, laughing.
Sherlock stood, looking somewhat perplexed, as the announcer began reading out the team’s names. “Anthea Akram… Sally Donovan…”
While he thus leaned, Moriarty, followed by two men, appeared, ascending a winding path, cut in the rock below. He stopped upon a cliff, and, pointing to the ramparts, turned to his followers, and talked with much eagerness of gesticulation.—Sherlock perceived, that one of these men was Carlo, the chief servant; the other was in the dress of a peasant, and he alone seemed to be receiving the directions of Moriarty.
routine? Or has he come 14
“We weren’t loud enough for that 0.22 of a point, where we?” said John, turning to Sherlock with a mournful air.
Sherlock finally looked up at John, utterly confounded.
John’s little flush withered sadly. “Oh, right. Sorry.”
15.766. God, what a score!  North Korea’s Ri Se-gwang was waving to the crowd, in the gold medal position after that effort. 0.25 of a point between him and Shirai - not a bad margin, but Denis Ablyazin was running up and – that was solid too!  John looked up at the board as the scores were tallied - a tie!  A murmur ran through the crowd. Ablyazin was tied with Shirai in the silver medal position with Henry coming up – come on Henry!  John looked down at where Henry was approaching the starting area – the 6.4 starting difficulty of this vault flashing up on the screen. This was Henry’s most difficult vault – but he’d done in it the team competition.
With pleasing murmur sooth
'Let us go, then,' said Wilkes, eagerly grabbing Sherlock’s hand, and attempting to kiss it despite Sherlock’s struggle to reclaim it, and rising, 'my carriage waits, below the castle walls.'
“Got me confused with someone else, I think,” said Anthea coolly.
'Sign the papers,' said Moriarty, more ferociously than before.
“Simple statistics, John. My scoring prediction model forecasts scores within a range of 0.185 of a point. The degree of exactitude is only dependent on the –”
‘My brother!’ cried Sherlock in agitated confusion. ‘It is Moriarty’s doing!’
John, his
“Oh! You know each other? Why Sherlock, you sly thing, you never dropped a word! Well, why don’t we sit down, all together?  Just there.” Sherlock flounces off to a cream armchair, which is quite impressive, John considers, given he is still has two handfuls of desserts.
“Oh, really? The water’s quite warm, it’s nice. Colder out than in, actually.”
Moriarty was in the cedar parlour, that adjoined the great hall, laid upon a couch, and suffering a degree of anguish from his wound, which few persons could have disguised, as he did. His countenance, which was stern, but calm, expressed the dark passion of revenge, but no symptom of pain; bodily pain, indeed, he had always despised, and had yielded only to the strong and terrible energies of the soul. He was attended by old Carlo and by Signor Bertolini, but Monsieur Mycroft was not with him.
“Don’t fret mate. Focus on tomorrow – there’s no aphrodisiac like a gold medal, I’ve heard. All the nice boys love a medallist!” And with a slap to John’s back that sent him stumbling, Bill was jogging off after the others, leaving John to his artificially flavoured drink and reflections on his horribly diminished flirting skills. Shit, he was getting
As he said this, he rose and quitted the room, leaving Sherlock and John in a state of mutual embarrassment.
'Your LATE master's,' said Sherlock in a hasty voice; 'you have heard more, then. Tell me—tell me all, Molly, I entreat; tell me it at once.'
Sherlock shakes his head and stands stiffly by the balcony.
*Thomson
'I am very ill,' said Holmes, taking his son's hand. 'You are worse, then, sir!' said Sherlock, extremely alarmed by his manner, 'you are worse, and here is no assistance. What is to be done!' Music was heard on their air; it was to Sherlock the voice of Hope. 'Oh! we are near some human habitation!' said he, 'help may soon be procured.'
Sherlock looks at him and gives a little quirk of his mouth. “It’s my cross to bear,” he says, and John smiles again, wide and open.
“Ah yes, it’s the first time male rhythmic gymnastics has been in the Olympic games, and Sherlock Holmes will be hoping to qualify for Britain today!”
John wiped his mouth with his hand, striving for composure. “So, ah, um,” he started, pressing his lips together to hold back his laughter; “dinner?”
“Oh, I say!” says Sieger, and breaks into peals of laughter. “Bet no-one else will have one of these, eh?” he chokes out. “Wait till I show this to the chaps down at the Arms! Ho-ho, we hear about what you lot get up to don’t we? Well, well,” he says, still chuckling. “An Olympic condom of my very own, what a thrill.” He smiles at it fondly before dropping it back into the envelope.
“Did you take it?”
“Sorry, what?”
He was recalled from this reverie to a mere mortal supper, and could not forbear smiling at the fancies he had been indulging, and at his conviction of the serious displeasure, which Mycroft would have expressed, could he have been made acquainted with them.
John punched the air and cheered for Henry – it wasn’t the gold, but it was enough to see off the tied competitors and go home with silver.
The elder Holmes distributed to his pensioners their weekly stipends and listened patiently to their complaints; whilst the younger deduced them.  Upon Sherlock advising one shepherd that he should certainly hasten the marriage of his daughter if he did not wish for her babe to be born outside of wedlock; they shortly found themselves on the way home, leaving behind a degree of uproar which was not inconsiderable.
“My favourite thing to do on a rest day is to have a Bond marathon,” John confided, “Pierce Brosnan is the best.”
SONNET
In the present scenes his fancy often gave him the figure of John, whom he saw on a point of the cliffs, gazing with awe and admiration on the imagery around him; or wandering pensively along the vale below, frequently pausing to look back upon the scenery, and then, his countenance glowing with the poet's fire, pursuing his way to some overhanging heights. When Sherlock again considered the time and the distance that were to separate them, that every step he now took lengthened this distance, his heart sunk, and the surrounding landscape charmed no more. To the hours, the months, he was to pass under the dominion of Moriarty, he looked with apprehension; while those which were departed he remembered with regret and sorrow.
'Pr'ythee, Molly, no more of these silly tales,' said Sherlock.
'O blessed Virgin! what will become of us?' exclaimed Molly.
“You heard it here first folks, from The Woman of gymnastics herself!”
I like to think of Mycroft's chateau as something like this.  This is the Château de Roques in Toulouse, it's a merlot vineyard.
He considered for a moment how to proceed: then, not choosing, lest it should endanger his love, to mention his name, and yet too much interested to neglect the opportunity of enquiring, he called from the casement, 'Is that song from Gascony?' His anxious attention was not cheered by any reply; every thing remained silent. Sherlock’s impatience increasing with his fears, he repeated the question; but still no sound was heard, except the sighings of the wind among the battlements above; and he endeavoured to console himself with a belief, that the stranger, whoever he was, had retired, before he had spoken, beyond the reach of his voice, which certainly, had John heard and recognized, he would instantly have replied to. Presently, however, Sherlock considered, that a motive of prudence, and not an accidental removal, might occasion his silence; but the surmise, that led to this reflection, suddenly changed his hope and joy to terror and grief; for, if John were in the castle, it was assured that he was here a prisoner, taken with some of his countrymen, many of whom were at that time engaged in the wars of Italy, or intercepted in some attempt to reach Sherlock. Had he even recollected Sherlock's voice, he would have feared, in these circumstances, to reply to it, in the presence of the men, who guarded his prison.
'I was ignorant of that circumstance, sir,' replied Sherlock, 'but the knowledge of it cannot with-hold me from advising you to adopt the conduct, which not only your peace, but, I fear, your safety requires, and I entreat, that you will not suffer a consideration comparatively so trifling, to make you hesitate a moment in resigning them.'
'Nay, sir, you know the worst already.'
“Because you’re not a wealthy man, and I doubt that you can dance, so that rules out Strictly Come Dancing for you, unlike your friend Miss Morstan.”
“Er, pretty sure there’s only seven continents actually,” said Knight helpfully.
?  Why did they do that?  What was the
“Oof! What was that for?” he complained, clutching the pillow that had been thrown at him to his chest.
“The Princess Anne the Princess Royal?” asks John, utterly straight faced.
“Oh, you can’t know that for sure,” said Sarah sceptically.
On the following morning, Sherlock went early to the apartment of Monsieur Mycroft, who had slept well, and was much recovered. His spirits had also returned with his health, and his resolution to oppose Moriarty's demands revived, though it yet struggled with his fears.
'Obey my order,' repeated Moriarty. 'And for these fool's tricks—I will soon discover by whom they are practised.'
He of course tried to ascertain from what quarter the sounds proceeded, and thought they came from below; but whether from a room of the castle, or from the terrace, he could not with certainty judge. Fear and surprise now yielded to the enchantment of a strain, that floated on the silent night, with the most soft and melancholy sweetness. Suddenly, it seemed removed to a distance, trembled faintly, and then entirely ceased.
John removes his arms from Sherlock to wrap them around Sarah, rubbing her back as he murmurs encouragements into her ear.
Sherlock made another effort to overcome the confusion of his thoughts, and to speak. He feared to trust the preference his heart acknowledged towards John, and to give him any encouragement for hope, on so short an acquaintance, for John could not know his true nature. Yet, though the thought of dismissing John was so very painful, that he could scarcely endure to pause upon it, the consciousness of this made him fear his judgement was clouded by sentiment, and hesitate still more to encourage that suit, for which his own heart too tenderly pleaded. The family of Watson, if not his circumstances, had been known to his father, and known to be unexceptionable. Of his circumstances, John himself hinted as far as delicacy would permit, when he said he had at present little else to offer but an heart, that adored Sherlock. John had solicited only for a distant hope, and Sherlock could not resolve to forbid it; at length, he believed it would be rational to say, that he must think himself honoured by the good opinion of any person, whom his father had esteemed.
Let health my nerves and finer fibres brace,
'Do you know whether any of the servants fastened this door in the morning, before I rose?'
'I fear, sir, it was a more than common interest, that detained me,' said Sherlock calmly; 'for of late I have been inclined to think, that of compassion is an uncommon one.'
Sherlock now thought he saw destruction surround him on every side. That Moriarty had formerly sold him to Wilkes, was very probable; that he had now withdrawn his consent to the marriage, was evident from the Count's present conduct; and it was nearly certain, that a scheme of stronger interest only could have induced the selfish Moriarty to forego a plan, which he had hitherto so strenuously pursued. These reflections made him tremble at the hints, which Wilkes had just given, which he did not hesitate to believe; and, while he shrunk from the new scenes of misery and oppression, that might await him in the castle of Musgrovio, he was compelled to observe, that almost his only means of escaping them was by submitting himself to the protection of this man, and all the horrors that would be visited upon his body and soul that would entail; so that these evils more certain and not less terrible appeared,—evils, upon which he could not endure to pause for an instant.
“Well, come and swap with your father then,” says Violet, implacable. “You can come and commentate for me.”
And all that echoes to the song of even;
Sieger picks up the pin and looks at it fondly. “My wife doesn’t appreciate these like I do, you know,” he says reflectively. “She’s a bit of a genius. I could never bear to argue with her. I’m something of a moron myself. But she’s ...” he trails off, glancing up at Violet who is walking back with cups of tea before leaning back to John, “... unbelievably hot.”
Then, oh, you blessed ministers above,
“Sherlock!” Sarah cried, sounding inexplicably relieved.  John turned to look Sherlock man in the eye, smarting a bit from his gibe from yesterday.
While he spoke, Sherlock looked steadily at him, for he scarcely knew whether he was really ignorant, or concealed his knowledge of the truth from a fear of offending his master. To several questions, concerning the contentions of yesterday, he gave very limited answers; but told, that the disputes were now amicably settled, and that the Signor believed himself to have been mistaken in his suspicions of his guests. 'The fighting was about that, sir,' said Carlo; 'but I trust I shall never see such another day in this castle, though strange things are about to be done.'
“But a bit of public profile might open up a few more options for you, wouldn’t it? Must dash,” said Anthea, leaving John feeling distinctly off-kilter for the 23
'It is very necessary you should be under the eye of some person more able to guide you than yourself. I, indeed, have not much leisure for such a task; however, since your poor father made it his last request, that I should overlook your conduct—I must even take you under my care. But this let me tell you, brother mine, that unless you will determine to be very conformable to my direction, I shall not trouble myself longer about you.'
Sherlock was recalled from a kind of slumber, into which he had, at length, sunk, by a quick knocking at his chamber door. He started up in terror, for Moriarty and Count Wilkes instantly came to his mind; but, recognizing the voice of Molly, he rose and opened the door.
On the return of night, Sherlock resumed his station at the casement. There was now a moon; and, as it rose over the tufted woods, its yellow light served to shew the lonely terrace and the surrounding objects, more distinctly, than the twilight of the stars had done, and promised Sherlock to assist his observations, should the mysterious form return. On this subject, he again wavered in conjecture, and hesitated whether to speak to the figure.
'Why—we must see the young man, I believe,' replied Mycroft to the unasked question, 'and hear what he has further to say for himself. You may tell him he may come.' Sherlock dared scarcely credit what he heard. 'Yet, stay,' added Monsieur Mycroft, 'I will tell him so myself.' Sherlock’s surprise would have been less had he deduced what Monsieur Mycroft had not forgotten—that John was the nephew of Madame Petitbois.
Her parted soul?
He doesn’t get a reply until much later that evening.
'They are coming!' cried Mycroft—'I hear their steps—they are at the door!'
O how canst thou renounce the boundless store
John sags limply on his feet as Lestrade grabs his arm and starts steering him away before anybody else can say anything. “Well, perhaps we’ll run into each other after the gala, yes?  But we must go now! Enjoy the show!”
The Countess had often deep play at her house, which she affected to restrain, but secretly encouraged; and it was well known among her friends, that the splendour of her establishment was chiefly supplied from the profits of her tables. The drink flowed as fast and as deeply as the play, and here John spent many dangerous hours.
A lovely view of the town of Collioure. Makes me want to plan a holiday.
'Who is that young man?' said his brother, in an accent which equally implied inquisitiveness and censure. 'Some idle admirer of yours I suppose; but I believed brother you had a greater sense of propriety, than to have received the visits of any young man in your present unfriended situation. Let me tell you the world will observe those things, and it will talk, aye and very freely too.'
The abbess received him with an air of maternal tenderness; an air of such gentle solicitude and consideration, as made Sherlock instantly more unhappy; her smoothness on the rough edges of his mind jarring him.  'Be composed, my son,' said the abbess in a soothing voice, 'do not speak yet; I know all you would say. Your spirits must be soothed. We are going to prayers; we will go to the chapel.'
'O! is that all?' interrupted Monsieur Mycroft. 'Well, I will take upon me to answer for him. But at the same time, sir, give me leave to observe to you, that I am his guardian, and that I expect, in every instance, that my will is his.'
While these thoughts passed over his mind, and left him still in hesitation, the voice spoke again, and, calling 'Hopkins,' he then perceived it to be that of Molly; on which, no longer hesitating, he went in haste to answer her.
'Alas! I cannot assist you,' replied Douglas, with a deliberating air. 'Your only chance of refuting the calumny, and of making people understand what you wish them to believe, is to persist in your first assertion; for, when they are told of the Chevalier's want of discernment, it is possible they may suppose he never presumed to distress you with his admiration.—But then again—that diffidence, which renders you so insensible to your own perfections—they will consider this, and Watson's taste will not be doubted. In short, they will, in spite of your endeavours, continue to believe, what might very naturally have occurred to them without any hint of mine—that the Chevalier has taste enough to admire a beautiful man.'
“Il est le dimanche, Sherlock. Viendras-tu?” = it’s on Sunday. Will you come?
“Judges looking for that effortless swing, good tempo throughout the routine… looking so controlled here, really using his strength to set that controlled pace…”
Sherlock tests the weight of them in his hand, smiles, and hands over one of the first set to John, and one to Sarah. “Mary’s competition clubs. How much would you say they weigh, John?”
The hints which had been thrown out to John, concerning Moriarty's character and condition, were too true; but it was now left to time and occasion, to unfold the circumstances, both of what had, and of what had not been hinted, and to time and occasion we commit them.
Such men as he be never at heart's ease,
Clearly you got more for your money with this product than you did with Asda’s finest, as John had just created a big whitish smear on Sherlock’s lovely skin. “Er, I might have used a bit too much,” he said, pressing hard as he attempted to spread the cream down Sherlock’s lower back.
He hastily put the papers aside; but the words, which had roused equally his curiosity and terror, he could not dismiss from his thoughts. So powerfully had they affected him, that he could not resolve to destroy the papers immediately; and the more he dwelt on the circumstance, and tried unsuccessfully to deduce its meaning, the more it inflamed his imagination. Urged by the most forcible, and apparently the most necessary, curiosity to enquire farther, concerning the terrible and mysterious subject, to which he had seen an allusion, he began to lament the promise to destroy the papers. For a moment, he even doubted, whether it could justly be obeyed, in contradiction to such reasons as there appeared to be for further information. But the delusion was momentary.
During his stay at this pleasant villa, Sherlock was thus rendered miserable by the assiduities of Wilkes, together with the cruelly exerted authority of M. Anderson and Moriarty, who, with his brother, seemed now more resolutely determined upon this marriage than they had even appeared to be at Venice. M. Anderson, finding, that both argument and menace were ineffectual in enforcing an immediate conclusion to it, at length relinquished his endeavours, and trusted to the power of Moriarty and to the course of events at Venice. Sherlock, indeed, looked to Venice with hope, for there he would be relieved in some measure from the persecution of Wilkes, who would no longer be an inhabitant of the same house, and from that of Moriarty, whose engagements would not permit him to be continually at home. But amidst the pressure of his own misfortunes, he did not forget those of poor Mrs. Hudson, for whom he pleaded with to Anderson, who promised, in slight and general terms, that she should not be forgotten.
Here's some members of the Russian Artistic Gymnastics Team getting the bus back to the village.  Check out the
'I will not be interrupted,' said Monsieur Mycroft, interrupting his brother, 'I was going to say—I—I-have forgot what I was going to say. But how happened it that you did not forbid him?' Sherlock was silent. 'How happened it that you encouraged him to trouble me with this letter?—A young man that nobody knows;—an utter stranger in the place,—a young adventurer, no doubt, who is looking out for a good fortune. However, on that point he has mistaken his aim.'
“John, God, I don’t – I’ve never – I’m.” Sherlock clams his jaw shut, eyes closed.
Sherlock hesitated in deducing, what would have been sufficiently apparent to almost any other person, that John had purposely left this book, instead of the one Sherlock had lost, and that love had prompted the exchange; but, having opened it with impatient pleasure, and observed the lines of John’s pencil drawn along the various passages he had read aloud, and under others more descriptive of delicate tenderness than John had dared to voice in the company of Sherlock’s father, the deduction came solidly to Sherlock’s mind. For some moments he was conscious only of being beloved; then, a recollection of all the variations of tone and countenance, with which John had recited these sonnets, and of the soul, which spoke in their expression, pressed to his memory, and Sherlock smiled giddily over the memorial of his affection.
“Very impressive – some small wobbles there in the middle but he managed to contain it – very impressive, now he did score a 15.8 in qualifying, so it’ll certainly be the high 15’s here, high start value as well, so the rest of the field will certainly be put on attention.”
“Well, maybe don’t keep your phone in your back pocket if you don’t want it picked” said Sherlock, “although that wouldn’t stop me.”
Every where, as he passed, he heard, from a distance, the uproar of contention, and the figures and faces, which he met, hurrying along the passages, struck his mind with dismay. At length, he reached the lesser hall, which was silent and deserted. The total stillness of this place was as awful as the tumult, from which he had escaped: but he had now time to recall his scattered thoughts, to remember his personal danger, and to consider of some means of safety. He perceived, that it was useless to seek Mycroft, through the wide extent and intricacies of the castle, now, too, when every avenue seemed to be beset by ruffians; in this hall he could not resolve to stay, for he knew not how soon it might become their place of rendezvous; and, though he wished to go to his chamber, he dreaded again to encounter them on the way.
When his senses returned, he found himself surrounded by men, among whom was Barnardine, who were lifting him from the floor, and then bore him along the chamber. He was sensible of what passed, but the extreme disorientation of his mind prevented him from making any effectual resistance. They carried him down the stair-case, by which he had ascended; when, having reached the arch-way, they stopped, and one of the men, taking the torch from Barnardine, opened a small door, that was cut in the great gate, and, as he stepped out upon the road, the light he bore shewed several men on horseback, in waiting. Whether it was the freshness of the air, that revived Sherlock, or that the objects he now saw roused the spirit of alarm, he suddenly shouted, and made an renewed effort to disengage himself from the grasp of the ruffians.
prospects?”
‘I am going from here – perhaps for ever from this world.  I would ask you, Sherlock, sometimes to think of me, and, forgetting my offence, to remember only the passion which occasioned it. I would ask, alas! impossibilities: I would ask you to love me! At this moment, when I am about to part with you, and that, perhaps, for ever, I am scarcely myself. Sherlock—may you never know the torture of a passion like mine! What do I say? O, that, for me, you might be sensible of such a passion!'
“Closer? It’s in my room, eight stories up from here. How can it possibly be closer?” replied John, staring Sherlock down.
IL PENSEROSO
See you tomorrow for practice sessions!
“Yes,” butts in Lestrade. “Very important. Mycroft, perhaps you’d like to come back to the village with me to, er, inspect the accommodations on behalf of the ministry?”
Sherlock asked some further questions, and then, desiring Molly would deliver this message to Barnardine, he was left alone again. His thoughts dwelt often on the message of the porter, and were employed in conjecturing the subject, that occasioned it, which he sometimes imagined concerned the fate of Monsieur Mycroft; at others, that it related to some personal danger, which threatened himself. The cautious secrecy which Barnardine observed in his conduct, inclined him to believe the latter.
John made a strangled sound. “You can, ah, you use them for oral sex.”
“Oh-ho! Sticks the landing! Moran for Ireland there, that’ll score highly Irene?
Having reached a landing-place, 'You may wait here, sir,' said he, applying a key to the door of a chamber, 'while I go up, and tell the Monsieur you are coming.'
