What the hell is going on? I find myself incredibly frustrated about my predicament, because there must be answers, there must have been things that I knew, but right now it’s like beating my head against a brick wall.
“I said don’t say anything!” Sherlock snaps, whirling around to face John once more. “Just. Don’t.” He breathes out slowly, and John notices his hands clench into fists. The fear rises again.
The soft tone of voice somehow helps, and John relaxes into the kissing once more as Sherlock undoes his trouser buttons, and lets his hand slip in.
There is heavy trauma to my head, but it’s unlikely that that would have caused the amnesia. The nature of my other injuries, and the strange memory-image of a chamber combined with someone laughing seem to suggest that it was sabotage. But why would they have erased my memories?
. The last thing Miss Wilson wrote before dying. An attempt to give this girl a record, perhaps… So many years after her death, after she came and went with no one even noticing.
forbid it. Maintaining your masculinity was very important for the troops, and same-sex with freeborn man would have violated that. This rule does not expand to male prostitutes, slaves, or younger boys (though John was always disgusted by that practice), as long as the freeborn man did the penetrative act and took on the dominant role. You could say that John definitely had experience, and so it was surprising to him that Sherlock, who was after all only two years younger, had absolutely none. Surprised and delighted.
, and falls asleep. They have so many barriers to cross, him being the son’s enemy, and the language is certainly a problem, but for tonight, all is well.
! Then I met the most beautiful and clever woman on this planet, and suddenly I was fine again, I was happy, more happy than ever before. You sabotaged my proposal, then you made our wedding about yourself and your bloody cases! You kept me away from my loving wife, so much that the stress caused her to lose my child! It’s your fault that our marriage is in shambles and that our child is
The door creaks when I open it, and reveals the gloomy, chilly room. At first glance, it seems like nothing is out of the ordinary--no pots or pans lying on the floor haphazardly, no broken glass. I’m confused for a moment, until I see something, a fruit (an apple, I think) on the table. I walk towards it, and pick it up.
The very first time had been when he was almost too young to remember. He had crawled into her lap with tears in his eyes, still in pain from when the doctor had first placed the Watch in his wrist. The pain was too much for his young mind to understand, and he looked up at her with frightened eyes, asking silently why all of this was necessary.
Sherlock finally pulls away, enough for just the slightest bit of blood to go back to circulating in John’s body, and he takes the opportunity to gain some control back, wrapping his arms around Sherlock’s shoulders and pushing him back as they kiss again.
Tonight it's John who first breaks, as it usually is. He jumps up from his chair and lunges at Sherlock, his eyes wild and hungry--a complete contrast compared to the gentle care and delicacy he has when he takes the bow and violin from Sherlock's hand to set it on the table (once John had thrown the instrument to the floor in his excitement, which had made Sherlock so distressed and angry that nothing more had happened that night, and John learned his lesson immediately).
The Museum of Antique Times is closed, and with the darkened windows the building looks like a looming monster. The tall cement building has always looked foreboding to John, and now that the enormous doors are shut, he feels as if walking inside would be trespassing.
“Do you love me?” John asks tonight, sitting in his chair, a glazed smile on his face as Sherlock plays him a new composition.
She’s pretty, in that classic sort of way. She has large brown eyes and short blonde hair, high cheekbones… But… is it odd that he had never really thought about a blonde Soulmate?
The light goes out about half an hour afterwards, and the lightened window is imprinted onto my retinas. I continue to watch the building, and the rain, for a long time, despite how tired I was earlier.
“Well, the tells. Most men walk in stride with one another, even years after their service they retain their professional gait. For example, whenever you and Lestrade walk together you have the precise same steps, and your arms swing in uniform. You also square your shoulders more than I do.”
“Right, yeah, complete control,” John sighs. “Predicted that bullet too, then? What was the point of all that?”
In that moment, Mrs. Hudson chooses to come up and fuss over him. He stops listening the moment she mentions some remedy to help with joints, because he knows exactly what she’s talking about, and he’s sick of all of it, sick of everyone looking at him and pitying him--
Some time ago, people had no way of knowing who their soulmates were, it was explained to them. There were awful divorces, children born out of wedlock, sexual deviancy becoming more and more accepted, all because people didn’t know how to find their true love. So the government made certain to find everyone’s Soulmate, and to help everyone find them. That way, the people would be happy, and the children that would be created would be in their rightful place, with the biological mother and father.
And, it occurs to him what a terrible place Lestrade is stuck in, between his love and her infidelity. He can’t very well turn in his own Soulmate to his own department, and short of that, his only option is to stay with her, and hope that perhaps she’d see the error of her ways on her own.
. This wasn’t entirely a surprise, but John suddenly feels like a mouse, being toyed in the two paws of a house cat.
“Up here,” he says breathlessly, moving up to the pillows. John gives him a confused look, but is obviously too aroused to truly care, and he to scrambles up to where Sherlock is and resumes his attentions. As he kisses down Sherlock’s neck and body, Sherlock turns his head to the mirror, his heart pounding in excitement.
Of course, physical pains are simple to figure out. What the real mystery is, is why I can’t remember anything of my life. Why can’t I remember? I try again, to search, but my now-fading headache throbs back into existence at the attempt.
John could see it -- a young Sherlock, with his dark billowing coat, giving an officer an innocent look that wouldn’t have fooled them at all.
John has just enough money to take a cab ride over to this new flat the following morning. He glances down to the Watch just as he opens the door. 92d03h45m. Perhaps this would be a short living arrangement, he thinks as he gets out, at just the same point Sherlock Holmes pulls up, and lets him in.
Yet there was what Greg had said. That he still was in bad shape. And Mrs. Hudson had said his tantrum had lasted almost a full day. He must have been in a lot of pain. But even through that pain, he’d still folded all of John’s clothes and had been careful to not break his grandfather’s pocket watch, taking all the precautions while still throwing John to the street.
when you’re with her? How does it feel when you fuck her? It’s certainly an easier name to call out!”
Sherlock shakes his head. “These past few years the State has really been putting an iron fist down on it,” he says. “Those accused of selling to minors get practically life in prison.”
Sherlock lets out a breathless laugh, and leans in to bite John’s ear. “In five minutes?” he suggests.
“John?” he furrows his brows, and sets the mug aside as he stands up. His gaze turns analytical, and John lets him figure out everything important. It will save him the story, after all.
John feels his cheeks burn, and he draws back. “I guess not,” he mumbles, letting the entire subject drop. “Hey, wash your dishes when you’re done, if you can. I’m heading to bed.”
Although Sherlock tells him not to, this whole business still bothers John well into the night, as he stares at his darkened numbers. 76d21h48m.
“Nicola, two coffees! And make them double,” Moriarty calls to the old man behind the bar, who nods and waves awkwardly to John. He looks incredibly uncomfortable.
The sudden pulling and moving has made John love drunk, and he follows Sherlock easily, wrapping his arms around the other. “What the hell has gotten into you?”
They sleep on opposite sides of her queen bed. Thankfully John does not have a nightmare, as that would make everything far more awkward than he was willing to deal with at this stage. He hadn’t even had one in Sherlock’s bed, although he’d once been jostled by the detective into waking at the beginning of one.
Sherlock, on the other hand, has calculating, calm eyes, and he nods emphatically. “Hence the lawyer, who signed the papers to transfer her, hm? And the madam who kept her,” he says quickly. “But what happened to her? You went after each victim to learn more about the next one, what did the madam tell you?”
Before he can see the man’s next move, a gunshot goes off, and just as the sound of glass breaking reaches him John immediately pushes Sherlock down, covering him while trying to keep a visual on what occurred, his gun still held at the ready for whatever bomb or grenade is thrown in next--
Instead, his eyes are stuck on the cab driver, who’s collapsed on the floor. John’s medical experience kicks in immediately, and he rushes the meter distance to the other man.
John looks at him, that sadness he felt that morning coming back to him. Sherlock scoffs when he catches the sight of it.
At the time, John had thought nothing of his mother’s quiet tone and faraway look. He only thought of how close he was to his mother, and of how much he adored her. Those moments, late at night, were the only time that he had her all to himself, without Harry also vying for her attention.
“What, are you going to buy the works that he stole?” John asks, still incredulous. “What if the State notices your activity! This could get you thrown in prison for decades!”
He scrambles to catch up with the other man as he opens the door of the lab violently, causing poor Molly Hooper to jump and shout. She’s bent over some toxicology test, in full gear, but now seems flustered.
I walk down the hall as casually as I can, whilst wearing wrinkled clothes and no shoes. Through a few people turn their heads as I pass, I manage to find the exit without anyone calling out or demanding me to stop. Upon attempting to open it, I discover it’s much heavier than I am used to. For bomb threats, I think, to keep the doors from blowing in.
Love was designated for Soulmates. The countless flings he’s had through the years were purely physical. Why bother getting attached, when it would never amount to anything? There were misguided crushes on beautiful women who were so far beyond him in every way. And he was… him. Why would anyone bother to love
“You said you were going to get them and didn’t, after all, so I think I ought to be able to make a stop, if you’re so determined to take me grocery shopping,” the  dark haired man mutters on the cab ride there.
I cannot go back to the sewers; Molly will probably stay in the operating room for quite a while, to see if I come back. Apparently I’ll have to travel topside now.
“Obviously calming you down the old fashioned way was going to take a while, and I could hardly assess the perimeter and make sure we were safe while you were screaming in my ear about how we were going to rot in hell.”
Why does he feel so at peace with Sherlock? The man is the biggest arsehole he’d ever met in his entire life, he’s rude and mean and cold, but John feels utterly comfortable around him. No walls to put up, no acting.
John stares at him with wide eyes, completely terrified, until he sees what seems like a mirror in Sherlock’s face.
Sherlock scowls, and drops the file on the floor. “My interest has been piqued, yes,” he concedes. “Can you take me now?”
“Well, I can’t give much on just sight alone, I’d have to ask for an autopsy to be done for all the specifics, but… It seems like she’s asphyxiated. If I had to put forth a hypothesis, I’d say an overdose of some drug.” He grimaces. “Maybe even strychnine, cyanide, rat poison of some kind, if she was desperate enough.” In this type of old building, there probably was some old cyanide traps somewhere that she could have forced herself to take.
, for once in your life.” He wraps his arms around Sherlock tenderly from where he’s laying, still keeping him down, even with Sherlock struggling (military strength, Sherlock thinks). He makes him lie down, and puts a blanket on him. Sherlock is too disoriented to argue.
Now, he finds himself dissecting and overanalyzing every interaction he has with Mary, comparing her to Sherlock. It’s not fair, he knows.
Mike shuffles on his feet, looking as uncomfortable as he would be in the days where a professor would demand an answer from him that he obviously didn’t know. “I… I don’t know,” he confesses. “Some days we’re fine. She loves James and Joey so much. But then there are times where she’ll just… scold me for days. About my weight, or my job or my glasses. And I’ll lose weight but it isn’t fast enough, or she doesn’t like how I hold Joey and…” he fades off, and John notices tears in his eyes.
It’s well into thursday night when he tiptoes up the stairs, and peeks inside. The flat is dark. He squints, and notices that Sherlock’s coat and scarf aren’t on the rack, meaning that the detective is out. His deductive skills are getting better.
He stumbles into the flat, out of breath, his brain almost feeling drunk, his eyes probably wide and his hair windswept.
John shudders and gasps, each touch sending firecrackers under his skin. Sherlock is good at this, he thinks in the back of his mind as the detective starts to stroke him off. But that makes sense, given that they have the same anatomy, and Sherlock has done this to himself for years.
John awakens to the feel of sun against his skin. The warmth on his arm makes him stir, and he stretches under the covers. His hands run along new skin, and on instinct he leans into the body beside him, nuzzling his nose into their back and wrapping an arm around their waist.
John hums, and tries to move out of Sherlock’s embrace, but the other’s strong arms keep him in place. “Sherlock, I do love hearing about your day, but I also should make sure our dinner isn’t charred.”
“Want to just lie in bed and have sex all day?” Sherlock’s question sends John’s train of thought to a screeching halt.
I turn to the glass over the sink, realising that it’s a mirror, and examine myself for the first time that I can remember.
Sherlock’s smile slips, just the slightest bit. “I can figure that out as well,” he says, raising a testy eyebrow. “I’ll contact you when I have all of that, and I assume this is all you need me for?” He starts heading towards the exit, and John follows like the obedient puppy he is.
He notices that the other has already put some items in the downstairs bedroom, which is baffling to him. Did Sherlock not notice the fact that John
John tunes out the other, as he glances back to the screen. Sherlock’s purple dot is moving, fast. Far faster than what would be on foot.
Shit. Immediately he feels guilty, but she’s already down the stairs before he can get an apology out. He huffs and falls even harder against the back of the chair, in an even more sour mood now. Maybe he wasn’t ready for society yet.
Lestrade turns to him, pen still to his monitor. His expression is a mix of curiosity and annoyance, and he raises an eyebrow. “You think it was murder.”
I search desperately inside for an answer, but nothing presents itself... Every memory that appears is only a flash, and disappears quickly. A child’s room, the details absent, a man without a face, smiling mockingly, an abandoned magnifying glass lying on a desk, gathering dust.
John stands there after the man leaves, slackjawed, unable to think of a single thing to say, before turning to Mike with a look of bewilderment.
It really is awful. He remembers the days of pining after someone, the dismay at discovering that no, his Watch was still counting down… The added humiliation of the doomed crush being someone as rude and aloof as Sherlock Holmes seems too much to bear.
“Nothing,” he mutters immediately, setting the mobile on the table and going back to his search. He doesn’t say anything more, and John huffs.
Sherlock shrugs. “I’m not sure,” he murmurs, and scratches the back of his head with his bow as a small smile comes on his face.
From there Sherlock practically drags him out the door, and hails a cab, shouting some unknown location as they drive. In the privacy and relative silence of the car, John finally asks him how he knew all that about him, and in response gets some flurry of random things that John would never have been able to connect. Tan wrists, the way he stood, the engraving on the phone.
He would not make love to Sherlock Holmes. Why would he? It would be different, strange and awfully different, for Sherlock does not have the curves that he loves, is much too fast for John’s taste, would feel jarringly different around him.
Sherlock stares at him. When John talks to someone, be it Greg, a witness, or even a waiter during their after-case-dinners, he can see Sherlock watching him at the corner of his eye, looking as if he wishes to
In that moment John’s mind goes completely blank. All the things he’s wanted to say, things he’s planned on saying at this precise time all disappear as he stares at Mary, takes her in.
I try to focus directly on the concept of home, but all I come up with are flashes of a lawn, and trees, and skinned knees.
John turns to her, and sighs, stepping back in defeat. “What am I supposed to do?” he asks. “He knew this was going to happen.” He’s aware that he’s outing himself to his landlady, but his exhaustion towards Sherlock trumps the panic of being caught at the moment.
Sherlock raises an eyebrow, and that dastardly smirk grows. “What?” he asks with a low chuckle. “Did you think I was a virgin?”
He looks down at his leg self-consciously. His physical therapy has been showing a huge improvement, and he thought his limp was becoming far less obvious (Sherlock had even said so the previous night.
were the one who cornered me in the bath, remember?” he jerks John closer to him, their noses almost touching. “I’m sorry I have to be the one to tell you this, John, but there’s no going back from that. If I’m a deviant fiend destined for Hell, you’re going to be right beside me.”
, Sherlock’s voice suddenly comes to his mind, and John shrugs, although he can feel his heart pounding even more. “How did you know about that?” he asks, clearing his throat as casually as he could. “I… Well, I was young. Harry was having a rough time. It was before I understood.”
It hasn’t, and John tries to concentrate on finishing the meal while Sherlock nuzzles into his neck again and holds him from behind.
John nods, standing, relieved to maybe get out of this. Moriarty reaches his hand out, and John takes it.
“I’m going to fucking kill you,” John mutters, looking up at Sherlock. “Putting our lives at risk over art?”
“Edward Teach,” I say casually, offering her a smile. “A pleasure, now, if you’d mind, you’re in front of the door. I’d also appreciate a torch, and a ball of twine, if you have those.”
He tells his coworkers at the clinic to let him know if they learn of any cheap flats coming up, brushing off their questions.
A week passes, and true to his word, Sherlock keeps mostly to himself. Occasionally he’ll kiss John’s head as he passes by, or wrap his arms around him tightly while the doctor is doing the dishes, but aside from that he lets John initiate everything.
“N-no, you can’t,” John can hear himself saying, although he can’t recall deciding to say those words. “That can’t be true.”
“Well, condoms, obviously. They were the most lucrative choice,” Sherlock said. “I also sold the Patch. That I’m rather proud of -- women who hadn’t liked the pill went to me, and as I was one of the only ones selling it I had a very loyal customer base, and it was much more inconspicuous. I kept them in a bandage package; if the police did search me they just found a first aid kit.”
“Oh, come off it, John,” he sighs. “I hate pity as much as you do. I’ve had years to accept this, I’m not broken up about it.”
The most bizarre thing, is the skull on the mantelpiece, something that John can only stare in shock at.
The worst part, however, is that when he grabbed the book in question (a thick, terribly boring looking war epic with some busty woman on the cover, which Sherlock has clearly never touched since bringing it home), and fished out some notes from the detective’s wallet, the infuriating man glanced up from his mobile, raised an eyebrow, and said, in that smug, darkly velvet voice of his,
“Pitchers have ears,” Sherlock mutters, dropping the thing and grinding his heel into the microphone.
“A museum thief who doesn’t trip any alarms, and doesn’t show up on any security cameras,” Sherlock hums, the look on his face akin to a cat that’s caught sight of a mouse.
Sherlock takes a step back, his eyes suddenly going to the ceiling of the room, darting around. “I don’t know,” he mutters. “Unless…” The man suddenly lurches, and before John can even process it, the detective is on the coffee table, then the desk, causing hundreds of papers to scatter to the floor.
“It’s unnatural?” Sherlock finishes for him, lunging the final step and trapping John against the wall, his hands on either side of him. He’s so close John can feel his body heat, and when he stares into the other’s fiery labradorite eyes, he sees them filled with tears. “I  can’t be in love with you because I’m not your Soulmate?”
Oof. Hope you guys don't mind this one. It's longer and is in a different style than the other chapters. But the more I wrote, the more Sherlock became a man who spent his whole life running from his past, and suddenly he has to confront it.
“Before you get angry with me, I had no other choice,” he says. “You were hysterical. I had to take measures.”
Pocketing the tag, I glance about the area once more, taking a moment to glance up towards the grate. It’s too small to have dumped a body of his stature through, so that would eliminate that option. However, there’s no other entrance to the sewers nearby. How did the body even get here? It seems odd that someone would purposefully place him right below the grate, as well. It would take quite a lot of effort, instead of just throwing the corpse by the opening, wherever that is.
“Now go on, get out of here before one of my superiors sees you,” he finally says, making a sweeping motion with his hand.
John stares, dumbfounded. Sherlock jumps off of the desk, holding the cord and what looks like a small microphone attached to it in his palm. “What is…”
“Are you serious?” Lestrade asks. “Christ, what the hell am I supposed to do with him? Where the hell is he even going? Out of all the insane things he’s done…”
The visits stop after a certain night, the details of which Sherlock has erased from his memory. All he can remember is a self-inflicted glass wound on his own hand, and his brother leaving with a black eye.
“I told you, we’ve been backed up lately,” she squeaks, her eyes moving from side to side, trying to find a way to escape. “I have all the voice notes and handwritten components, but you’re not the only case I have! You’re the one who kept asking me to run different tests, some of them aren’t even back yet! I still don’t think it truly mattered what his DNA makeup was, I don’t understand why you needed me to run it five different ways!” She huffs, her face red by now. “I can’t deal with you
Within a year, he starts to date again, starts to look at women again. There’s one in particular, that he meets at about the eighteenth-month mark (not that he keeps track).
The jealousy faded within a few months, however, when she had called him late at night, her voice angry and loud. Eric was drunk, she exclaimed, had thrown a lamp, was yelling, and she was currently hiding in the bathroom in case he was still manic.
His entire body is tingly when the orgasm finally fades, and the world still seems slower. Suddenly Sherlock is above him again, and without thinking John unties his dressing gown and begins stroking him.
“Dinner is overrated,” Sherlock insists. “Let it burn the building down, I couldn’t care less.” He buries his head in John’s shoulder, nipping at his collarbone.
Sherlock looks surprised to see how frustrated Lestrade is, and his eyebrows furrow. “Is this about the case you wanted me to look at?” he asks. “It was hardly needing my help, seemed fairly open shut, even for you.”
Sherlock was more guarded, but he said a few things of his own. The bullies of his childhood, his drug use when he was in university, and his early exploits with Greg when the latter was just starting his career. His family was off limits for discussion, but even without that, yes, John could understand what Sherlock meant. Little insights to how he grew up, how he became who he was.
He glances around with a strike of fear, but relief rushes through him when he sees it’s just Mike Stamford.
The first thing John notices is that he’s lost weight. He hasn’t seemed to completely fallen off the wagon, he still looks clean and shaven and
The Watches were also part of the school curriculum, and as they went through the levels they were taught more and more about what they meant, and how important they were.
A small smirk touches Sherlock’s lips, to John’s surprise. “I find things to do,” he says. “I’d say it frees up quite a lot of space in my life.”
“Sherlock,” John repeats, fear starting to build in his gut. He wasn’t expecting this. What is he supposed to do with this? “I know you aren’t--”
I quickly tie one end of the string to a rung at about eye level, or what I think is eye level, as I still cannot see a thing.
He’s late for returning to the clinic, but he doesn’t care. His supervisor gives him a glare as he walks in, but doesn’t say anything, not yet. Perhaps she’ll bring it up after they close, or maybe she’ll decide it’s not worth having to interact with John.
“Did they ever find his body, then?” I ask, turning my head innocently towards her. Her shock is immediately apparent.
Eventually, the news story of the terrorist at large fades, the culprit is vaguely alluded to being some Heretical, anti-State insurgents. Within a few months the headlines turn back to celebrity pregnancies, controversial interviews given by heads of states.
The first cab he sees flies by him, and John rushes farther down the main road, cursing to himself.. The second one screeches to a halt, and he just about lurches inside, directing the cab driver as best he could.
“Yes, I’ll have my people call your people. Goodbye!” Sherlock says with a tone of finality, grabbing John’s arm and dragging him across the street. The pair still are leaning against the car, watching them leave as Sherlock pulls John inside, and slams the door.
“Sherlock!” he shouts, turning the corner, and freezes when he sees an ajar door, light pouring from it. There are voices, and he immediately recognizes Sherlock’s rumbling baritone.
0029s, it reads, flashing, counting down as he stares. He’d never seen it on seconds before, he hadn’t even
She sighs and nods, finally allowing John to walk past her and out of the shop. John can’t stop looking at her, even as he steps out, when he has to walk backwards just to keep his eyes on her. Finally, he forces himself to turn.
Now, randomly, he can’t help but wonder if he’d given some physical tell, like an audible yelp or sharp breathing, and that Sherlock pretended to kick him in his sleep, knowing that John would be mortified if the detective had brought it to his attention.
Which is part of it. But John gets over that rather quickly, understands, somewhat, why he did it. To save John, to save Greg, to save Mrs. Hudson. Sherlock Holmes, proving that he has a heart, three years late.
But John... he’s accepted him. He’s stayed. He’s stayed through Sherlock’s hissy fits, through his keeping eyes in the fridge and through his random changes in emotion. He has stayed as Sherlock roared his anger at the world.
Then he does it. He reaches up and kisses John’s cheek, which is cool against his fevered lips, is stubbled and rough, and waits for the reaction. Will he leave? Will he stay? Will he say something?
Lestrade rolls his eyes, and John leans in to watch him press her thumb to the screen. Sure enough, a mugshot and description comes on. Lestrade stands up and pulls the monitor closer to him before John can look at it though.
“No one else knows!” Sherlock faces John again, his eyes wide. He sucks in a deep breath. “I meant what I promised. I’ve done everything I can to ensure no one else knows about us.”
Just the darkness and the cold air spilling from it sends chills down my back. It seems sinister, and dangerous. I should not go in, especially in my current state. There could be an ambush, someone could be waiting there to kill me, or worse. My intuition tells me to immediately back away, every sign pointing to danger.
Moriarty tuts, and shakes his head, his smile taking a patronizing edge. “You heard his story, Mr. Holmes. A very tragic tale, the highwayman and the landlord’s daughter. I’m sure he spun it beautifully.” He sighs, and his smile drops with sickening speed. “But the story cannot go public. There are a choice minority who would love to use this story as fodder, and try to destroy this nice civilization we have going. I’m already having the case moved to my office, to process. And don’t worry, we’ll ensure that no other child must go through what pretty little Rachel did. The police can’t be trusted to sort this mess. But I trust you, Mr. Holmes.” John can’t help but feel that the other is pretending he doesn’t exist, yet the edge in his voice seems like it’s directed at him. “You aren’t planning on spreading this story?”
He watches through squinted eyes as Sherlock grabs his mobile, just as another ping lights up the screen. The blue light illuminates his face in a sickly glow.
After a few moments, he watches in the mirror as John turns towards his gaze. Their eyes lock in the glass, and Sherlock hears, sees, as well as feels the rumbling, breathless laugh it brings.
But soon it’s all settled, with the suspect apprehended relatively easily (it only took one large chase scene across the vast estate, and the only injury on their end is John’s scraped knees after tackling him), and John finds he’s enjoying this peaceful walk home. It’s just at the peak of afternoon, before the sun will start leaving the sky, and Sherlock is still discussing the case, how Mr. Gretchen had made a fool of himself, for didn’t he know that his sister-in-law would never leave anywhere without her beloved Yorkie?
The tea is sweeter than John would like. He can tell Sherlock added sugar, something he never does, but the earthy herbal flavour still lurks in the background, and he’s learned long ago never to refuse when Sherlock does something kind. He takes another large gulp, if only to show Sherlock that he was cooperating.
“Resorting to name-calling?” Sherlock asks. “Very mature of you, John. But no, I’m not a Conspirator. I’m merely someone who is going to die alone, who has thought about this for a long time.” Despite the smirk growing on the detective’s face, John can hear a sharpness to his tone, a small hurt part of him coming out.
her! I had nothing left! So tell me, if you went through all of that, and three months into your cabbie run the man who destroyed everything walked right into your fucking car, wouldn’t you kill him? It would inspire you, that’s for damn sure. I went after all of them, until I got to the truth, until they were all gone.”
John can’t stop thinking about Sherlock. If he’s honest, the detective has been in his head for ages now, much longer than even when Mary has been in his life.
“I was called, they did their examination, took one look at my wrist, and dismissed me,” he explains. “I’m often surprised that no one else notices that bit, I don’t have any sort of military personality that most men do.”
“Erm… Yes, Afghanistan,” he says carefully. The cab driver chuckles coughing and covering his mouth. John can see that his Watch has been removed, with the ‘C’ branded beside his wrist.
Damn. Of course. But had he really wished to make a move on a woman, who for all he knew is planning on killing him?
After so many years of building up walls to keep out the rest of the world, it’d be a shame to bring them all down now, after so much work. To make an exception for John, just because he
Sherlock watches in uni, as all of his ‘mates’ decide the easiest way around the love issue is to just shag each other, with no attachments.
She looks him up and down, and frowns slightly at his fidgeting. “Are you alright, Watson?” she asks. “You seem on edge.”
Lestrade scoffs, and this time he’s the one to smile apologetically to John. “Yes, I’m coming,” he says, turning and walking down the stairs, with Sherlock rushing down after him, while John stands, dumbfounded.
Sherlock furrows his brow, as if it’s obvious. “Of course. They both have his eyes, which he already knew.”
Moriarty smiles sweetly. “I was referring to your rebellious phase, Watson,” he purrs. “Covering up your Watch with tape, and telling your sister to leave her one and only. It was just ten years ago, wasn’t it?”
Kissing a man is strange. The kiss itself remains the same, and the way Sherlock grazes his lips with his tongue, and sucks on his skin makes John become dizzy, but the rest is where it gets tricky. They’re pressed incredibly close together, and John can feel the outline of Sherlock’s body, can feel the dearth of all the curves and softness of a woman.
He comes to the landing, and tiptoes to the entrance. The door to their flat is unlocked, as always, and as John peers around the living room, it doesn’t seem to be inhabited at the moment.
His heart is in his throat as he unlocks the door to their building. He doesn’t quite know what to say, how he’s going to say it.
“He’s going to get past Lestrade and his men. It’s merely a fact,” he murmurs into John’s ear, causing shivers down his spine. “We’re going to stop him here.”
I look for his dog tags, but find none on his person. There is a name tag, however, clipped just above his left breast pocket. I unclip it from his shirt. “H KNIGHT” it reads. I’ll have to look him up later, perhaps sneak back into the hospital and check his records, search for any heart conditions.
He tries his best to hang on, to keep the pleasure going, but far, far too soon he finds himself desperately trying to shout a warning, although he’s fairly certain it just comes out garbled, and he comes with a sharp cry, the warmth of Sherlock’s mouth still around his cock.
“Er, of course,” John nods, not used to all eyes being on him. “They usually deal with sensitive hostage situations, or if there’s information we would need for espionage, they’d go into enemy headquarters and try to steal any files or artifacts.”
“He’s your brother?” John blurts before he can stop himself, the thought leaving his mouth as it comes into his head.
The museum looks downright haunted at night. It’s a full moon, and the silver lighting shines into the darkened hallways. Long, sinister shadows cut across every corner.
something to her, but covered it up. Someone showed me her obituary, said she’d died of pneumonia before her wedding night. Who dies of pneumonia in July?
This apparently pleases Moriarty, who smirks. “That is true,” he admits. “Alright, Dr. Watson, I’ll stop badgering you about it. But I will offer you my premature congratulations.”
“Are you serious?” Sherlock laughs. “This person’s entire job description was to steal things without anyone noticing. Do you truly believe that they would have a record?”
It’s slower. Sherlock insists on that, and prepares him at a tortuous pace. The feeling of a finger inside him is a jarring one, but John gets used to it fairly quickly, and it takes far too long for Sherlock to add a second finger, grazing John in a place that makes him gasp and jump off the bed.
. His breathing his heavy, his eyes alternate between wide and narrowed a few times every second, and his nose twitches.
He grips Sherlock tightly, breathing heavily. He hears soft whispers, coming from him, but he doesn’t know what
“I would go to the depths of hell, soothe the demons to sleep, and charm the devil himself, all just to see you one final time,” he answers, grinning a smile that is half proud, half sincere, and he continues playing.
What the hell? It sounded like an alarm clock, like the one that woke him this morning, he thinks with some confusion, glancing around. No one else seems to hear it, and it doesn’t sound like an evacuation alert.
John stares in shock, his heart picking up speed. “Pardon?” he asks, forcing his voice to it’s regular volume.
He’s a military man, of some rank, obviously, I think, to calm myself. Shouting commands to his lower officers. In a residential neighbourhood, in London, where no action is taking place?
But it does not really matter, because John does love him, he does, but only as a friend would love a friend.
He’s so lost in his own thoughts that he doesn’t hear the heavier footsteps on the stair, but he glances up just as Sherlock steps back into the room.
It goes on like this for two days, with John leaving and returning only when he knows Sherlock will be gone. John is perfectly aware of how much of a coward he’s being, but he can’t bear to face it. Whenever he does, he’s forced to deal with not revulsion, but tenderness, and that warmth that stirs in his stomach. He can’t continue with that in his mind.
He nods, slumping forward even further. “By that point her parents had found her Soulmate… But he was some pious prick who never let her shine. She didn’t want him. We were going to run away. I had a contact at that point who ran boats for people escaping, we were going to go off abroad, have a proper life as a family away from this place.
Finally, John pulls away, and offers an apologetic smile. Sherlock can never figure out what he seems to be apologizing for. The broken kiss? His prolonged absence? Or the situation of their relationship?
Wooooooo!! Now I can focus on the new Good Omens obsession and work on some fanfics for the husbands. If you liked this story, uh, I guess stick around for that?
If John ever notices that he awakens in different rooms than he’s fallen asleep in, he never mentions it.
“I’m a doctor!” he insists, pushing some people away as he reaches the girl. “Someone call emergency, and give us some space!”
With a phone call and two words, the most brilliant and spectacular man John has ever known, the man he was
“You probably saw a lot of death, in Afghanistan,” he said. Not a question. John furrows his brow, and nods, slowly getting up. “Lots of suffering, divided loyalties… The breakdown of civilization.”
He ignores it for the time being, and dismisses it. It cannot be love, because love is possessive and painful, and this feeling is full of glee and wonder. Love ruins sleep, and steals your life, but Sherlock welcomes this, this change, and he has been sleeping better now than ever before in his life.
The now grown-up Mycroft could only watch while his younger persona left Sherlock alone without a single kind word. The door closed after the new family left.
“I’m here. Don’t worry, the bastard won’t ever hurt you again. I’m here now. Fuck. Fuck that piece of shit. Keep your breathes even. Fuck. Shhh, don’t talk yet, your throat needs to recover from that fucking- shit.“
We need rules for the flat too. No body parts in the fridge, no experiments, no violin at night, no shooting the walls."
Then, two years later after he fell in a puddle of his own blood, Sherlock returned, and with him, the light came back into John’s life. Still, as utterly tempting as a return to life at 221b was, John learned from his past trauma and allowed Mary to talk him into marriage, even after his botched proposal.
John had stormed to work on that morning and Sherlock went to Tesco to buy milk. They drugged and stuck him into the back of a car, and what-if no one will ever find him again because there is no Mycroft to check the camera and John might already fall in love with another woman?
couldn’t think of a more cruel act. It was impossible to control the anger that was bursting out of him.
, asked the boy. He sounded concerned. Concerned about someone he didn’t really know. What a gentleman.
. The DI had promised him work if he got off the drugs, had allowed him to use his couch and shower on several occasions, and had read crime fails out loud for him while he was going to withdrawal.
That’s just the way it is. Some people were lucky, many were not, the gods decided the rest. That’s how the Roman Empire became the greatest civilization on earth. John could not understand people who killed their slaves — why waste healthy resources? Grotesque cruelty was frowned upon, however, if a slave would not behave, disobey or even worse, humiliate their master, he had every right to punish his property. That’s the way
Sherlock was considered as widely unpopular. He had actually managed to skip year one, the teacher allowed it because he kept complaining about being bored in class. His parents were opposed to it at first, but Sherlock persuaded them. That’s how he came to the same grade as John. Whatever class they shared, they would always sit together. Sherlock was now the student with the best grades, he was the seeker of their Ravenclaw team, and his favourite subject was potion. But he was also sometimes rude and abrasive, and talked without thinking. Most of the other students hated him for being so intelligent without doing much work, and they never understood why John Watson, of all people, would want to be his friend.
A stressed nurse came in, dragging a young boy of maybe 7 years behind her. The boy was short and had blond hair and kind blue eyes.
gets both Sherlock and John into the other car. For once, Sherlock does not object to this. This way, they will reach Baker Street faster.
Yes, that is another lesson John had learned in the lonely months after Sherlock’s fall. He was, in fact, bisexual, and he must have repressed these feelings for years. Most probably a result of his fathers homophobia and the attitude in the army. And he loved Sherlock, would love him gladly for the rest of his life.
He shouts, and the students freeze in shock. Sherlock isn’t a teacher who shouts, he prefers to lower his voice when he desires attention. Not today, though. Today, the headache is killing him, and he wants to jump into the Great Lake and not resurface until Monday morning.
There is no one to talk to, no one to deduce, no one who answers Sherlock or asks Sherlock or just chats with him about something entirely trivial, like the price of beer and the rugby game last Saturday.
“Good. I will have some fun with you now and after I will take you, so I want you to enjoy this one now. You won’t be around for the second time.“
his purchase from the stack, but bound his hands behind his back again. John scooped up the small fabric from the ground and wound it around the man’s waist to hide his cock and ass. He didn’t want anyone else to see what now belonged to him.
sheds his long, dark blue coat and his shirt. He kicks his shoes away with the same impatience as Sherlock did, then helps Sherlock out of the hideous white wedding dress he was forced into.
When, on a sunny day in spring, John slipped the ring on Mary’s finger, he felt nothing, only burned regret and a deep sense of shame when he noticed the agony on Sherlock’s face. He drowns his regrets in alcohol and dances with the partner he did not want.
could not even slap him when he dropped his glass one day. Sherlock was a special person, someone John had never seen before, and he did not want to hurt him.
Mary silently hummed to herself while she was waiting for the kettle to boil. The small room she had been hiding in for three days now was sparsely decorated. It had a small bed, pushed in the middle of the room, a kitchen, a bathroom with a toilet and a basin and table with a chair next to it. The table is the only furniture she added to the room, and strapped to the table is her reason for being so satisfied with herself.
Nobody moves, and Sherlock has to repeat his orders twice, until they finally grab their stuff and go with slumped shoulders.
alone. He settled back between the man’s legs and was just about to start stretching Sherlock’s hole when he finally noticed his surroundings again.
"No, it's not the same. You want him to be happy, to be free to make his own choices. She just wanted to keep him. She abandoned her newborn daughter and her husband to run away, like that would solve anything. She jumped in front of the bullet to ensure that John would hate you. She knew her marriage was doomed, and in her last action she did everything to make sure that John could not choose you."
appears, who starts opening the manacles, first around his ankles, then his arms. Sherlock lets out a pained, hoarse shout as his stiff arms drop to his side. John’s finger wander around the cuts, and there is murder in his eyes. If Santa is not dead, he would have been dead now.
When he is finished, he falls back into the pillow why John forces a few sips of water over his chapped lips. John carefully puts the glass back, then rubs his hands. Sherlock waits.
was thrown into his direction so the lithe seeker would fall from his broom. Of course, Sherlock answered all these attacks with vicious words, but the mean nickname freak‘ stuck with him.
Sherlock glares at him, but at the promise of seeing the big city, riding the tube, visiting the big museums and meeting so many new humans, he giggles gleefully without a sound.
John says and cuts the brownie into different parts. The two eat their cake (Sherlock does not taste any worms) and watch everyone stuffs themselves with sweets.
professor is wearing a vampire costume and has even sharpened his front teeth to make them look more frightening. The message of the thoughtful costume however gets a bit lost, considering that the
John asks amused and raises his eyebrows at Sherlock, who shakes his head, feeling mortified. He did not expect the full power of Mrs. Hudson throwing herself at the first boy he has met in years, but in hindsight, he really should have.
John’s fingers brush over the round scar and Sherlock’s whole body shutters in discomfort. The rain has not stopped falling yet.
John nodded: “I did love her, but she was only a substitute — and that’s where I am to blame too. Then I found out about her lives, her whole stolen identity. She shot you, and how can I ever love someone after she did that?
They reached their destination and stopped at a shop that sold meat. The market was thankfully rather deserted on this time of day, and only a few customers were walking around. Sherlock noticed a pregnant woman with long red hair. This colour was hardly seen in Rome, but Sherlock could not see any markings of a slave. Maybe a wealthy Roman had found her and brought her to the capital?
The worst thing is, is that John clearly figured out that something is wrong. He constantly knocks on Sherlock’s door, and Sherlock has taken to using the headphones Mrs. Hudson has sent him as an early present. It serves him as a convenient excuse not to hear him, since his violin playing isn’t loud enough. John invites him for strategy meetings for their
, was much more gentle and actually taught the students instead of just writing instructions on the blackboard. Last year, the old professor decided to travel the world and apparently also write a book about teaching both Tom Riddle and Harry Potter, and that is how Sherlock got the job from
Sherlock says, his relief at John accepting his invitation almost visible. “You can bring your girlfriend, or other people you know from your classes. The more the merrier.
“The last two years, I was travelling around Europe to destroy Moriarty’s criminal network.” Sherlock started, interrupted by Lestrade’s “Bloody Anderson, he figured it out!” cry.
Everyone else is already there, lounging in the colourful and very old seats. Sherlock refuses the offered
He reaches the snowy park and immediately recognizes John, who wears his bright orange parka. The blond boy waves at him.
“Listen carefully, everyone, here is the first question: “What is the name of the official Chief Mouser to the Cabinet Office at Downing Street 10?
. “Did you… drug me?” he hisses at Sherlock, who still is watching him calmly. Now he can’t move anything aside his neck. “You… bastard…”
Upon stumbling out from the shower and cracking open the bathroom door, I see she did indeed put folded, clean clothes in the hallway, right in front of the door. A purple button-down shirt and black trousers, she even thought to leave pants. I change, noting that the shirt and trousers are about two sizes too small. After some difficulty with the final shirt button, it suddenly occurs to me how strange it is that she has these clothes, given that she lives alone.
I could stay here possibly all day, watching John, picking up every clue there is about him, but I really should not. There are more important things I must do, like go back to that dreadful sewer. I tighten my grip onto the headlamp, reminding myself that at least now I’ll be able to see.
“Well, someone has to get us groceries today,” John quickly stammers, feeling his cheeks warm up to his absolute horror. How is it that Sherlock can make him feel like an inexperienced, shy schoolboy all over again?
It’s only when the detective’s breathes even and soften into a slumber that John asks the question torturing him. “What do I do?”
“Greg Lestrade, Detective Inspector” the man replies, grimacing and gripping his hand in a tight greeting. His Watch is blank too, but that’s a bit more expected, he looks at least half a decade older, if the salt and pepper hair is anything to go on. “I would say I’m Sherlock’s part-time boss, but I don’t think he’d like that.”
“What did you think happened to them?” he asks in return, and John hates how he can’t come up with an answer. He had always considered the occurrence to be rare, but now that he thought of it, there had been two occasions where he and another girl had been stupid, and it had been a possibility. He now remembered that even then he hadn’t truly thought of it, figuring then that it wasn’t his problem.
“It doesn’t matter,” I quickly say, walking towards the door, still wanting to keep her calm. “I’ll be out of your way soon. Just tell me: Which hospital is this? And where is the nearest exit?”
It takes him a moment before he realizes it’s coming from his wrist. He glances down, and his heart lurches.
John freezes, stuck in the centre of their living room as Sherlock Holmes wanders in, wearing a dressing gown and a towel over his shoulder.
The first thing he notices in the foyer is the presence of several large boxes, filled with… yeah, his things. His clothes, his books, even his half finished crossword puzzles he’d given up on weeks ago.
It seemed that Moriarty’s plan for Sherlock was more personal shame, to force him to sit on the answer, and let only the ones who mattered -- Scotland Yard, for instance -- to know that he hadn’t been able to solve the crime of the century.
It is a body, I see as I reach it. He’s lying on his stomach, and is in an army uniform. I lean down and roll him to his back.
Of course, Sherlock does not have a dozen suitors he must dissuade, nor will John appear to him disguised as a beggar. But it’s the sentiment that counts, isn’t it?
“Certainly not!” Sherlock exclaims, sounding hurt. John furrows his brow as the man crosses the room to the window, glancing down to the street again. “I don’t think they knew they were going to their deaths. And it doesn’t matter. We need the connection, there has to be a connection between them all! That’s why we need to look for Rachel!”
is getting used to it, to not seeing that dark haired man when he comes home, or hearing about some long winded scientific hypothesis.
Tonight, however, that doesn’t matter, because John will be there. He’ll come by after dinner, and can stay the night.
“Oh, don’t do that,” he suddenly hears the voice of Mrs. Hudson behind him, right as he’s on the first step. “He’s finally gotten to sleep, the poor thing. He was up all last night, making a racket.”
The mattress is soft, softer than I am used to. Stuffed with some downy feather, most likely. The sheets are thick and warm quickly. The pillows, however, smell of mildew.
To his surprise, Sherlock leans in and whispers in his ear. “Are covert operations a part of basic training in the military? Or is it only taught during deployment?”
And his worry is all for naught, because at five minutes to six, the doorbell buzzes, with the sound duration typical of John.
A few moments later, or perhaps it’s several minutes, Sherlock pulls out himself, causing John to gasp at the sudden emptiness. The detective groans softly, burying his head into the crook of John’s neck like always, as warmth pooled on John’s stomach.
They’d be terrified together. Always afraid. Of what would come next. Which one would get kidnapped, sent to the army again, shot by a stray bullet. Afraid of life.
“Erm… I've got to track him down anyway, and ah, if you wanted I could take you back to the flat,” he says. “You don't look up for walking much, and the main road is quite a few blocks down.”
Those words hit John like a punch to the gut. He has to gasp for air for a moment, to wait until he stops seeing stars. He hasn’t heard those words in years. Not since his mother died. Had his father ever said it? He can’t even remember.
From then on he glanced down at his Watch whenever he had a free moment. 656d18h28m. But then the next day-- 828d02h20m. No! Then--274d10h28m. Yes! Closer!
But there isn’t time to think. It’s just like a mission. He has to find the target, neutralize the enemy, and every second is a wasted one. He takes a large breath and rushes into the left one.
Sherlock looks down at the writing again. “I haven’t the slightest idea,” he says, wrinkling his nose. “She was writing more.” His eyes get a far away, concentrated look, and for a few moments the only sounds were Greg pressing a few buttons into the monitor. John watches Sherlock with a furrowed brow. He really is curious. From the way he acts, though, the fast talking, the small insults, he’s starting to see why many here don’t seem to like him. Yet he was much gentler with John, which is also odd in itself. It isn’t as if John is special in any way, or on any level as Sherlock when it came to intelligence--
They dance about each other, as if they still have all the time in the world, just to see how long they can go without ever bringing up the subject of love, or sex, or if they ever had a chance in hell together.
“Have you ever been here?” he purrs, and even before John shakes his he head continues. “It’s a marvelous place. Only the purest of coffee, you can’t get anything else here. Try as I might I simply cannot recreate what they do, it’s something about his arm movement when he grinds them, I swear.” He nods over to the old man as he pours out some beans. “It’s an Italian style, where Nicola’s from… Got in right before the embargo. And thank goodness for that. I have no want for anymore of his people, but if there’s one thing those heathen Catholics know how to do, it’s make coffee.”
“I am going back to get a new pizza for you, this one can’t be eaten any more. I don’t know how old this carpet is.
The voice says again. Sherlock is now truly alarmed and begins to sprint away, hopefully away from the mysterious person.
. Maybe Molly would be more helpful. She had, after all, a nice boyfriend and kept him for ten months now.
His cavalry had not arrived yet. Maybe big brother was really getting slow. John had always spoken about
„It is decided.“ said Earnest and wrote his signature on a paper that the man handed to him. „Margaret, Mycroft, let’s leave this horrible place.“
Sherlock repeats his own little pep talk a few times while he runs through the corridors, now without a strategy, since the last one did not help much.
More informations on the Tiger Bench, a gruesome torture device (I was goggling some of those after I saw a documentary about Guantanamo): http://en.minghui.org/html/articles/2004/6/12/49036.html
As they squabble about the game, they pass multiple students who react enthusiastically when they recognize Sherlock.
„I am not here to give you answers. I’m the Ghost of Christmas Past, and that’s exactly what I will show you.“ answered the Ghost.
The last time Lestrade had gotten a such a frantic call was the evening when Sherlock was shot in the chest in Charles August
Except Sherlock is nowhere to be seen. John fumbles for his mobile phone, now getting stressed as well. Bloody hell, why can Sherlock never do what he is told.
The money, right. Where did he put it? Sherlock started searching through his pockets, growing more hectic by the second.
Potion. Sherlock has guarded his own hair well this week, he certainly does not want multiple version of him running around. Fortunately, the majority of the students have opted to dress as their best friends and vice versa, and nobody has complained yet.
“Is it you with your own lab, where no one will ever bother you and you can just concentrate on potions?
A cheery, female voice suddenly appears, and John jumps up so hard that he knocks his elbow into Sherlock’s face.
“Come on, cheer up! In a few hours, everyone will have gone to sleep, and we can finally focus on teaching again. I did not expect party planning to be so stressful.
John shrugs casually, as if this isn’t the most beautiful and at the same time damning thing Sherlock has ever had.
She tried to look at the crying man through John’s eyes, to maybe find out why her husband is so obsessed him. That is one thing she will never understand.
Sherlock stared at the telephone in his hand. Part of him wanted to throw it across the bed. Another part of him wanted forget this whole evening and just reread his book again. Maybe he could annoy
Sally asks him, but he winks her off. It is just a bit of alcohol. He had worse. Sherlock can feel John’s eyes on him as he navigates the difficult way to the toilets. The alcohol makes him braver than he is and Sherlock moves his hips in a seducing (?) way that shows off his arse. John can make out of that whatever he wants.
John breathes out. “You know what, I don’t have anything on my schedule, university is done for this year too, and this sounds smashing. When do you guys start?
John stared at her: “I believe you were telling me about your great escape plan and why I should join you.
John remembered how they had to shift their moving plans for a couple of days, because Mary had to visit a friend in the country who struggled with her divorce. John even accompanied her to the train station. The soldier now wondered if Mary had used that lie as an alibi to kidnap Sherlock from wherever she found him and hide him in her basement. Which would mean that Sherlock had spent at least three weeks down there, without medical treatment or even sunlight. John’s hands tightened around the car wheel in anger. Maybe Mary was even the cause for Sherlock’s lashes on his back.
Watching Sherlock play with the dog had finalized John’s (hopefully brilliant) idea. That’s how he ended up here, browsing the shelter.
“The patient was behaving very aggressive towards my staff. He didn’t follow any of my instructions and was unable to calm down. We decided to use a more drastic approach and used a heavy sedative to keep him down.
Of course, he heard the nightmarish stories from the hundreds of men who were crawling around the mines, or the ones getting whipped while rowing a war ship, or the ones growing sunburns on the fields. It all felt so far away though, something that happened to other people, not to the villagers.
Sherlock still hadn’t arrived. Damn that best man! He was supposed to calm John down and convince him he was doing the right thing. Not that John did any convincing, mind, but the detective’s smart remarks would help a lot right now.
Still, they always had their clothes on. John wanted to go-slow in that aspect, to fully to enjoy it. The first big fight was about Johns work. Sherlock hated it that John spent so much time in that clinic, when he should rather stay at Baker Street, with him, where he belonged (he knew it was selfish of him, which made him hate the clinic even more). (The work was also the place where John had met Sarah and Mary. That wife. Was it that irrational to think that maybe John would find someone else there, someone not Sherlock, who would make John happier than he ever could?)
told me about her plans, I started planning right away. I knew I could not do it alone, so I was hoping I would find a volunteer.
“Take-away. My god, I would kill for a hot curry right now. Or a plate from the Greek restaurant around my dorm. They serve the best tomato rice.”
“Greg. I’m sorry for the sudden intrusion, but we didn’t know where else to go.” John said, apologetic.
Sherlock snaps back and immediately curses himself. John has told him time and time again not too aggregate the people that were holding him ransom!
John woke up with an aching head. He blindly reached with his hand to his head. He must have hit his head when he went down, but he couldn’t feel any bleeding. Thank god. He tried to open his eyes next, and had to blink a few times to clear his vision again.
Sherlock had nearly collapsed after John’s (very romantic and teary, thank you very much) speech. They had shared a kiss, and he gave him his grandmothers ring (
“You will today. This is a business transaction, and it is only proper to celebrate a signed contract.
, maybe if you wouldn’t concentrate on writing your boyfriend every night, you could concentrate on the class you’re failing!
"Sherlock. You are talking like a victim of an abuser who tries to apologize for his horrendous actions."
Sherlock sits on the bed and kicks his feet away. John advances and careful lifts the veil away, so they can look at each other properly.
Handing weapons over to a slave may as well be a death sentence to his owner, and John didn’t want him to commit suicide either.
John and Mary were in a long embrace now. She was still holding her gun, but had the appearance of a small child that was celebrating Christmas and her birthday on the very same day.
In short, it is Sherlock’s favourite place. Molly Hooper, who studies at Barts, is also working next to him today. In the mornings, many students need a cup of coffee. They are either just starting their day or never went to bed, and everyone has to be awake for their next lecture immediately.
, who answers enthusiastically. He buries his hands in her hair and the two nearly fall over the table. Sherlock hears Mrs. Turner and Mrs. Hudson engage in romantic actions too, and he decides not to look too closely.
“This was the last time we spoke to each other. He only appeared recently again after my father died.
John showers him with praise while he starts a rhythmic movement. Sherlock whines in pleasure and digs his heel into John’s back.
It sounded harsh, even to John’s ears, but he didn’t want to blindly trust the slave, brilliant or not. A firm hand was better than a cut-throat.
The man opened his flies. So, this was going to happen. Sherlock wasn’t able to scream, to cry or fight. Even closing his eyes as a respite was not an option anymore. This captor had literally stripped him of all his defenses. Surely John is already on his way? His work day ended at 4pm and normally he would drive straight back to Baker Street. Due to their fight he might not do that and instead take a walk or go to a pub. How much time had passed since he was taken? Four, five hours? It felt like ages. If Mycroft was still alive, he would have watched it all with his cameras and John would have come and would have shot this man before he got to touch Sherlock. John was always so protective of him. On their first day he shot the cabbie. On their 1651 day he shot his wife.
“I’m just saying that John made a different choice than you did, that’s all. You cannot change your past anyway.
), then he gets on the horse, careful not too make much noise. Sherlock is right, if they get caught, it would be seen as an escape attempt. Maybe the war between their families would start again, but Sherlock would definitely be thrown into the deepest hole Scotland can offer, and not even John could dig him out of it.
They are in a very crowded Tesco, and John tries to find his favourite tea, when Sherlock suddenly starts shouting at the speakers, which are playing Christmas songs all day long. This music, coupled with a huge crowd consisting of screaming children, screaming parents, screaming teenagers and stressed workers, has brought the consulting detective to his knees. John ignores the shocked reactions, lets go off his shopping bag and steers Sherlock outside.
Maybe John will meet them at school next week! They could play with Paddington together, or run through the garden. John can already imagine the fun adventures they are going to have, and he cannot wait for it.
“I fired her for willingly endangering the students and my teachers. She has left Hogwarts already, and she is not allowed back on the premise.
“Is it Anderson again? Because I swear to god, I don’t think Mrs. Hudson will appreciate you trying to poison him again.
opened his eyes again. He felt a bit more rested now. Everything in his bedchamber looked normal as well. The bells of Big Ben were ringing again, and
culture‘ knowledge. Mrs. Hudson is baking cake, and we have bought chocolate and mulled wine all week. It will be the perfect opportunity to visit the
"That is ridiculous. People always tell me to be a better person, to be less self-absorbed, to be more nice."
Sherlock sighs and presses his back to the cold wall. He can barely stretch out his legs into any direction, the space is just too small.
The boy’s face turned into a new form of red and his mouth dropped open in shock- has Sherlock miscalculated? He went through his words again to look for a double meaning and
Yes, we met on Wednesday. Every first year managed to hold themselves on their broom for at least five seconds.
“Christ, even your Animal Crossing character is too cute for this world.” John says adoringly, and Sherlock blushes.
The sea stays Sherlock-less, and yet John still tries. He walks into the cold sea with bated breath and continues to scream for his boyfriend.
“Paddington, I’m afraid I have to do some research and talk with Mrs. Hudson about this. Please excuse me for a moment.
Finally, he was able to hear the words John had been saying the whole time. It was basically a lot of swearing with some comforting words threw in. Sherlock nearly smiled at this normalcy. John chucked his jacket and formed it into a pillow for Sherlock to lose while he rolled him into the recovery position.
That’s how they ended up on the train, going from their small city to London. They have arrived this morning, and John wanted to go to Covent Garden to listen to the famous street musicians.
John is starting to gather his clothes, but Sherlock grabs his arms, surprised at his own braveness, and gestures at the space on the bed next to him.
In the morning, John is still there (he must have slept on the sofa next to the now burning fireplace). They do some small-talk about this and that (and for once, Sherlock does not hate it) and eat the now hard biscuits.
Holmes would never let the killer of his baby brother ran free, and John Watson, as always, had chosen Sherlock’s side. They would watch her until the baby’s birth date was due, and then they would throw her into some high-security prison.
Irene said, and John immediately hurried over to Sherlock to pop the big question. The boy had smiled widely, and John kicked himself for not doing it sooner. Sherlock is always so confident, and it’s easy to forget that it’s Sherlock first relationship, and he is actually quite insecure about the whole
He searched through the guests. Mary didn’t have many family members, and most of them, his fiancée cheerfully admitted, did not like her. They were situated at the back of the room. After that came a few of his university mates (who also hated him, thanks Sherlock!) and army buddies. Bill winked at him, and John smiled tightly back. The rest were some random relatives on his side who he didn’t really care about.
„I’m new here. The nurse said this is a kind place for children like me, but I’m not so sure of that.“
“Someone messed up my potion, weakened it. I fought to stay human for hours, until the wolf smelled two students close by.
John pondered the question of Sherlock’s strange behaviour right now, when he suddenly realized it: Sherlock must not have seen London in who-knows how many months, and Sherlock loved his city.
Sherlock Holmes had actually come to her. Oblivious and unarmed. Too trusting and blind until the end. She had knocked him out with a first shot of the drug and two helpful boys had helped her carry him into the room.
Sherlock asks, wrangling his hands before he notices that his left wrist is resting in a light splint.
John’s eyes turn dark with possessiveness. His left-hand strokes the angry bite mark from the anonymous werewolf who bit Sherlock years ago.
“Doctor Watson, I have studied the medical files of your friend. We had to use more heavy medication to ensure that he doesn’t hurt himself further. As for the reason of his injuries, I don’t have any information, because someone doesn’t give me any!
John whispers, then hurries out of the cupboard. Sherlock is left alone with a full stomach, a fluffy companion and the promise of a new friend.
does serves him a disgruntled look, but she doesn’t seem to harbour murderous feelings towards him. Perfect.
The curtains were thrown upon by a hand, a human’s hand. The creature was now looming over a shocked
The first three months of university had been absolute hell for John Watson. Of course, dorm life is exciting, he met many new people and even made a few friends, his classes are all interesting and it’s great having so much freedom, but… What is it worth if his favourite person in the world is not here to share it with him?
to change his clothes, and so he arrives alone and a bit late at the teacher’s Christmas party in the teacher’s lounge. The students don’t know about this tradition, and the entrance is heavily guarded by two knight statues. After a few drinks, Professor Flitwick usually gets the piano out and plays tunes, while Professor
John’s bigger room accommodated a small table over a red carpet, a long couch, a closet with his clothes, a cupboard for some of his weapons and armor (though most of them were now at the school) and also some medical books John had inherited from
“Of course, my men confiscated everything. They are looking through her electronic devices as we speak.”
Mary snarls, her face twisted like a snake. “I told you what will happen if you don’t leave my John alone.
Sherlock accidentally clicks the button too early and the fish disappears into wherever fishes go in Animal Crossing. The void?
He had been living at Mary’s house for three weeks now, and the noise kept him up at night. Sometimes, it disappeared for three days entirely, and then again John could hear it the whole night. After he first heard it, he asked Mary about it at breakfast, but she only laughed. She explained to him that he was probably listening to the old pipes in the house. Mary had inherited the small house in a nice corner of the suburbs in London from an old aunt, who had been a bit peculiar with her house. This explanation satisfied John at first, since he did wonder at some of the design choices, particular in their bedroom (an orange carpet, really?). Mary then sweetly inquired about redecorating, and John happily talked with her through the whole IKEA catalogue.
John Watson never used to be a big fan of the Royal Family, and that only changed when Sherlock Holmes, the second and youngest son, had his coming-out
Molly talks a bit about her New Year’s Resolution, and Sherlock just enjoys listening to her constant stream of words.
on one of his many forbidden nightly wanderings (at least he kept himself in the castle now. John had to hurry through the Forbidden Forrest for a rescue mission in the darkness far too often). The Mirror had been stored away in an old classroom. The teachers are patrolling every night through the corridors, but Sherlock is way too good at hiding or dressing himself up to get caught, even by one of the famous Hogwarts teacher.
At the end of Season 4, I just wanted Sherlock away from all of these toxic people who only hurt him. He needs a therapist who teaches him some self-love.
Sherlock drags his fingers through his curls as a poor substitute for a comb. He hopes there won’t be too many cobwebs in his hair and he won't smell that much. The odor of a room filled with blubbering potions is not often enjoyable for others.
John crawled under the blanket next to Sherlock. The young Holmes was laying with his back to him, his face covered by his arms. They light soon went out and the room full of children was drenched in darkness.
so much when he and Sherlock were so similar. That was when the detective was still dead. They had a huge fight after her comment.
Sherlock settles back into his bed with a content sigh. Maybe this day will be much better than expected.
When John carefully washed his hole with the flannel, Sherlock felt another shudder of pleasure running through him. His right leg curled around John’s shoulder before he even registered it.
Sherlock survived the overdose, somehow got through the painful experience of rehab, and found himself on the doorstep of the intriguing
time. Sherlock wishes Mister Watson had given him something to eat, his stomach is hurting from the hunger.
Sherlock, Molly and Irene fight their path down the benches, stepping around jumping students with Irene first and Sherlock safely in the middle.
This of course ended when the four Holmes drove to their first summer holiday, and Mycroft drowned in the sea.
It all went down fast. Mary was never one of those criminals who talked so much that the victims could be rescued without a lost hair. She was smart and efficient. Maybe that’s what John liked about her at the beginning. They all exchanged some hateful and pleading words. Then John suddenly came and everything escalated. Mary was faster and Mycroft was dead and government agents were there and Mary was cackling and screaming „I KILLED HOLMES“ and-
went off to do his so-called essential government work, and he would start studying for his a-levels. He planned to concentrate on chemistry and biology, and it would mean a lot of work. The anticipated stress coupled with the pleading eyes of his mother brought him to this hotel room, where he had to share a room with his seventh years older brother.
The rest of the lesson flies by pleasantly, and finally, John calls everyone together to for one last conversation.
Sherlock starts drinking the second whiskey glass. His vision is getting a bit blurry. John sets his finished second glass on the table. Sherlock usually does not consume alcohol, but this whiskey gives him a warm feeling, and he needs to be drunk to tell this story. Hopefully, John will forgive him for what he is about to tell him.
Greg gets to his feet and starts dragging something behind him. The friends watch him with bated breath. John feels sick. He has never seen a body in real life, and he is not prepared for it.
It’s sort of funny, really. The assassin was accusing him, a self-proclaimed sociopath, of caring too much. Maybe she was right. His emotions had gotten them both in this situation. Now his brother was a hostage to Moriartys best killer and there was nothing he could do.
“The two Holmes brothers have arrived to our house a few weeks ago, after their parents both died of a terrible illness.
“They tied me up, prevented me from sleeping, and interrogated me. The men were old-fashioned, they preferred the more medieval methods over the subtle torture methods our government likes to employ.” Sherlock said quietly and pointed at his back. These men had lashed his back with a whip until he bled.
Jigger was on your shopping list you received with your Hogwarts letter. If for whatever reason you could not buy it, leave me a note on my desk at the end of the lesson and I will provide one copy for you.
The basement was already crowned. John spotted with his flashlight several packed moving boxes - those were probably the Christmas lights - and he let out a scream when he discovered a large clown puppet hanging from the ceiling.
Please, he prays. Please let them both be okay, I don’t want to tell another mother this kind of news. I only just finally found him, please let him be alright.
“I have a brother, a younger brother called Sherlock! Oh, my mind must be playing tricks on me, how could I forgot about him?
Someone (who was he kidding, it must have been Mary) had drawn with burning flames the following words into the ground:
When he woke up a few days later and found only that weird fake belly and not his previously heavily-pregnant wife, he knew immediately what she must have planned to do.
a prince he was taught that marrying well is the biggest duty he has. The public had noticed his every step, from his birth to the first schoolday to graduation. They never knew what to make of the youngest son. Around the summer of his fifteen year The Sun referred to him as the Freak Prince after a rumored encounter with a woman named Molly. It was said that Sherlock insulted her and the coverage was ruthless. After a few weeks however, Molly and Sherlock had become friends and the terrible title was finally dropped.
John hadn’t been that lucky. In one instant, when he was fifteen and on holiday with his family, the watch had managed to get down to 3d15h32m (he’d memorized the number). He was ecstatic, bursting full of all the romantic movies he had seen of this, planning what he would wear in three days, when he saw her, how he would act, what he would say to her.  But the following morning, it had jumped back to 183 days. The vacation was ruined, and John moped for the rest of the week.
John is starting to get the feeling that he’ll hear that a lot more. He huffs to himself, readying himself to limp down the street, and find a cab. Irritability was starting to rise in him, as he considered that maybe that was all Sherlock needed of him, a medical opinion. Even though any doctor could have given him that. He could have at least said
He could ask. Sherlock would not lie to him. All of John’s wonderings and nagging thoughts could be silenced by a simple, straightforward question.
There was more of a pause after this one, and his mother took a small breath, as if steadying herself, before answering. “Yes,” she murmured, grimacing and nodding.
John nods, leaning forward with a bit of excitement. “What did you want to be when you were a kid?” he continues. “What was your dream job back then?”
Large ears are the first thing I notice. A large, square face, and huge ears. How did they expect him to survive in the front, with those searchlights?
John blinks, wrinkling his nose at hearing the slurs thrown about so easily. He glances to Sherlock again, who shrugs, and he clears his throat.
, he decides. Maybe a coffee cake to nibble on between patients, that would calm him down, something to give him a spike of energy.
Sherlock looks just as shocked that he’s said this as well, and they stare at each other, heaving, for a single moment.
She’s young, and attractive, with strands of chestnut hair hanging loose from her nursing cap. Many girls become nurses during wars, to help their country in any way they can, given that they cannot join the action. Patriotic, then, or at least sympathetic. A wedding band is on her ring finger. Married, and a nurse in a wartime hospital. Her husband is most likely in the army: she is young so he most likely is as well; most young men are the ones foolish enough to volunteer, and the first to be drafted, and young wives typically do not work unless they have to. Why would she be nursing in a place where the crippled or dying body of her husband could come through?
Sherlock whirls around to face John, and suddenly slams his fist against the table in front of him so hard John has to wonder if he’s hurt himself. “How are you so blind to this, when everyone else,
So he does cling to Sherlock for the entirety of the night, falling asleep far earlier than he has in ages, while the detective taps away at his mobile. He has no idea what he’s doing, but the exhaustion makes it hard to care.
And just like that, something crashes over John, and he takes the three strides to Sherlock, grabs his shoulder, and collides their lips together.
Sherlock and he had sex. That was okay. But he couldn’t do it again. It was nice, but it couldn’t be done again. At least not for a while. Not until John could wrap his head around all of this, and feel more in control.
He manages to hail a taxi, and spends the entire ride panting in the back seat. He stares out the window to watch the people who are still lost, still believing what was being told to them.
“What the hell are we going --” John blinks, his mind suddenly going blank. What was he saying? His anger falls out of him like an emptying glass of water, and he can’t quite get a grasp on the conviction he’d just had.
He groans, moving onto his back. He’s torn between killing the man, or praising him. It’s beautiful, longing, perfect… But Jesus Christ it’s four in the morning!
John stares at him. Simultaneously, he feels a suspicion nagging at the corner of his mind, but also a warm, lighthearted tingling.
Lestrade looks like he doesn’t believe a word of that, but sighs. “Eight o’clock sharp tomorrow, Sherlock!” he calls out instead, and the dark haired man just waves his hand again.
Because even in the dreams, John knows that the man is dead, even if it is only in the back of his mind.
The detective inspector he met before is already in the room, attaching his police Monitor device onto his other wrist, and pressing it a few times. John watches him calibrate it for a few moments in amazement. He’d never seen one so close before, except for in the movies. They had a similar Monitor in the army, of course, but it was much more basic, only able to track your movements and record vitals. (It hypothetically also should have shown body masses through heat technology, but in the Afghan sun that feature was useless.) The police monitor, however, had several applications and modes. You could access the entire database, record notes and crime details that would then find similar crimes, if there were any. You could even record data into some of them, John remembers seeing, and he wonders absently if he’ll get to see Lestrade input any evidence here.
. It’s just John. Because Sherlock doesn’t need a game, when he wishes to know something, he simply looks for it, and finds it.
That’s what Sherlock had said. The thought now still makes John shiver. Before last week, the image of a Homosexual was planted firmly in his brain, of a carnivorous, hideous person. Mistakes were made, people could be confused, but… Sleeping with men for almost half one’s life, that was deliberate.
John can’t help but wonder what sort of family Sherlock had been born into, where some moral code embedded in their DNA was to die for secrets.
But, no, so far, nothing. Sherlock is beginning to think he could fake his death and John would still take him in. John still trusts him, still stays with him.
Not remembering. Amnesia. That’s what it’s called. Retrograde amnesia, losing the memories of before an event, caused by the brain shaking, destroying its tissues, or by the conscious decision of the mind to forget an event.
John suddenly notices that he’s started shaking, and he groans in frustration, unable to help it. “Sherlock, I’m sorry I didn’t tell you that it was getting closer!” he snaps, trying his last effort to remain calm, to remind himself that Sherlock was just lashing out. “I knew it was coming and I should have told you! I’m sorry!”
It’s almost comical when their own relationship eventually turns sexual, only to fall apart within a month.
“Well, someone who seemed to know you, who wanted information on you,” John huffed. “It was rather bizarre. He offered to pay me. I refused.” He adds his last sentence hurriedly as Sherlock looks up at him with a raised eyebrow.
He texts Mary a bit. He’ll drop by her flat in an hour, which gives him enough time to talk to Sherlock. She understands this. (“My flatmate was so excited for me too!! We talked about it for ages, take your time with it!! :)” she sends him.)
John furrows his brow, not sure why Sherlock is asking this in such a small voice. He clears throat, and responds in a whisper as well. “I only learned it once I was in Afghanistan. On the home front there’s not as much of a need for covertness. Why?”
“But that’s not even how stars work. Didn’t someone tell you that you couldn’t see the stars, let alone go to space?”
His face is a testament to his final moments, and whatever they were, they must’ve been terrifying. His eyes are open wide in shock, his mouth open, as if he’s about to cry for help. I grimace, this is surely not a pleasant place to be dumped.
As John  tucks his shoulders into the blanket, he’s so close, Sherlock wonders what would happen if he kissed him. He allows himself to tuck his head into John’s shoulder, for just a moment.
Slowly John began to accept that (although Harry had stopped returning his calls when he mentioned this reasoning to her), and he was drawn back into the allure of that countdown. It took him a week to realize he was looking back down at his wrist as a reflex, and reading off those pixelated numbers, the ones that were taunting him with how long he had until he wouldn’t ever have to be alone.
At least Tesco’s wasn’t very crowded this evening. The shopping is easy to take care of, and John allows himself to get lost in his thoughts as he picks up three cartons of milk, and goes over his mental list once more.
Sherlock rushes downstairs then, throwing open the door and grinning widely at the other, who hasn’t even taken his hand off the buzzer yet. There is a moment of silence, where the two men face each other with small, hesitant smiles, looking each other over (tense shoulders, has been having trouble in the marriage (but when have they not); slammed a cupboard shut on his finger that morning; had a tuna sandwich for lunch). Before long, Sherlock can’t stand the distance anymore and grabs John by his lapels, pulling him into the building.
“I'm sure you're well aware of the attention he gets,” the man says, his brow furrowing. “Occasionally he's sought after by various people; they want his intellect, or wish to destroy him.”
He steps in gingerly. “Hey,” he calls out to Sherlock, who’s slouching on the couch, reading some medical journal.
“Right, I know,” John mumbles softly. “I’m sorry. I don’t mean to assume. It’s mostly… Well, I’ve spent probably a good literal half of my life staring at my wrist, looking forward to meeting her, I can’t imagine how life would have been otherwise. How you’d spend your time.”
Harry’s situation had shaken him greatly, and for a few months in medical school, he’d taped over his Watch, feeling so full of rage and sorrow for his sister. He didn’t want to see it, he didn’t want to belong in a system that let beautiful, talented girls like Harry waste away with monsters like Eric.
I gasp desperately for a few moments, enjoying the simple pleasure of inhaling, and exhaling, before I remember the task I’ve set for myself. Answer the questions.
high, but he’s obviously not eaten as much as he should; his cheekbones jut out even farther than usual.
Finally Sherlock’s dot stops, and the cab pulls up to where it’s frozen. John gets out, and feels his heart sink. Two buildings right next to each other, perfectly identical, too close to differentiate on the police monitor.
As he fell to the ground, he couldn’t help but turn his head and stare at his wrist, those blood spattered numbers still flashing before his eyes. Even as he went into shock, he stared, refusing to be pulled into unconsciousness, like his body was desperately trying to do.
He doesn’t have much time to dwell on this, however, as the following day Sherlock finds a new case to keep them both busy. In fact, the only thing swirling around John’s head for the next four days is the importance of tea cups, blood spatter patterns, and how little sense Sherlock makes when he makes his epiphanies.
In the afterglow, it all feels hazy. Sherlock mutters something to him, and he finds himself taking off his shirt, Sherlock groans and bucks against his fist, and he looks like an angel, his back arched and his eyes closed, mouth open in ecstasy.
“Sleep, okay? Get better.” He touches Sherlock’s chest lightly before leaving, for work, for a date, for something. He’s always leaving. But Sherlock supposes that’s okay, as long as he comes back.
But with Sherlock… Well, every aspect of their relationship was different, why would it be similar in this way only?
“Well, that isn’t, but inviting myself to your flat may be.” He smiles at her, and she raises an eyebrow.
Although John has to admit that it is an odd way of saving grief on the State’s part, to tell Sherlock and his family that it was a character flaw on Sherlock’s end.
Embarrassingly, he was almost surprised by it. He’d known there was a large chance that it would happen, but after living on the battlefield, the risk of sudden death became mundane; the bullet piercing through his shoulder had been a rude awakening more than anything.
“It has been two months,” John says. “I thought I’d check in.” Sherlock stares at him, a disbelieving eyebrow rising. “... And I wanted to apologise.”
Sherlock steps forward again, his eyes running over John’s form again. For a moment, John wonders if the other will refuse, before the detective suddenly wraps his arms around him, pulling him into a kiss so tender John melts into his body.
Before Sherlock, John has never even considered doing such a thing with a man, yet they did it, and… It felt just as natural as anything.
Which Sherlock doesn’t believe is fair. His inquiry is perfectly natural, and there is no harm done with watching oneself make love; it’s not as if he’s filming it.
She listens, when he explains his relationship with Sherlock, rubs his back when he says he still misses him a lot, kisses him when tears prickle at the corners of his eyes.
Sherlock peeks up at him from the pillow, lifting his head just slightly. He’s quiet as his eyes dart this way and that, and John wants to squirm, avoid that scrutiny he knows Sherlock is putting him through.
His nightmares of men dying on the sand quickly fade upon moving in with the detective, and are replaced with strange, sexually fueled dreams, him and Sherlock desperately taking one another in a bizarre, almost fever-like fashion, going until John wakes up, sweaty, aroused, and incredibly uncomfortable.
“And, another thing--” Sherlock turns to John as he approaches, and huffs. “Stop kidnapping my flatmates!”
“Lestrade,” he answers. He glances over to John, but soon he’s standing, still completely naked, and walks towards the door. “You aren’t serious.”
He jolts awake from a nightmare at just the crack of dawn, and groans to himself, falling back on his bed and reflexively checking his Watch.
His senses are coming back to him as he shuts the door to the toilet, and his heart begins pounding again. No, he isn’t doing this. He sucks in a breath, holds it for five seconds, then lets it out, repeating the process to force his body to calm down.
Sherlock blinks, and he looks almost surprised. Soon he smirks, and lets out that low, deep chuckle that always makes John shiver.
With this plan in mind, I trudge forward in the now calf-deep water, in the direction I saw the hospital on topside, and hope I don’t come across any more rotting things.
“Ah, that’s fine, I’m sure I can find it somewhere else,” I chirp, grabbing the headlamp off the table, throwing it in the air before catching it again, and pocketing it. “Thank you so much for your help, I’ll just be on my way, then, Mrs...?” I smile expectantly at her as I walk towards the door, although I really couldn't care less. The important thing is that she’s stepped from the door.
Throughout the entire night, John stares at his watch. 70d12h32m. It could just be him, but he could swear the numbers shine just the slightest bit more tonight. But the Watches run on the iron in blood, and his heart has been pounding out of his chest for hours. He could just imagine the quick surging pulse powering the gears, sending it into overdrive.
John shivers, but he doesn’t have time to let the words soak in before Sherlock pulls him by his trousers to the foot of the bed and starts to undo them with his one good hand.
Sherlock shakes his head. “No, not today,” he huffs, grinding against John once more. He bends his lips to John’s ear. “I’ll need time to take you apart, piece by piece… make sure you know how precious you are.”
He steps in front of the mirror to take stock of himself. He looks the same as when he walked in, the same man he’s always been, a man who’s been capable of this from the beginning.
“You see the countdown on your wrist?” she asked, taking his swollen arm and pointing to the implanted machinery. He sniffled, and nodded. “It’s counting down to when you’ll meet your Soulmate. See?” She laughed softly, as the number was something along the lines of 999d23h59m. “But you don’t have to worry, you’re still young. You’ve got a bit of time before you’ll worry about meeting her. But then, when you meet her, you’ll be together forever.”
Mrs. Hudson smiles, although it doesn’t reach her eyes, and shakes her head. “It’s not so interesting a story, John,” she says. “I don’t think you’d like to hear it.”
“Him? Lestrade, how old-fashioned of you,” Sherlock tuts, finally taking the manila folder from the detective-inspector.
“And drugging me was naturally the first thought you had,” John mutters, trying to sit up, but that action only causes the pins and needles to spread all over his body.
“Ah, there you are,” comes that weasley voice, right behind John, making him jump. “I was beginning to think you might be late.”
He loves women. He loves their curves, their scent. He loves making love to them, hearing their soft moans and sighs as he moves in them.
“First… I like my back being stroked…” he murmurs, guiding the other’s hand to his spine, and pulls John into a deep, tender kiss.
There’s heavy breathing, and John can feel both of their hearts pounding. This is all so foreign to him, he feels as though he’s lying on a cloud, or that he’s in a dream.
“Oh, Dr. Watson, you can relax,” she says cheerily. “If we wished to kill you, we would’ve done so by now.”
I wash the rest of my body quickly, just enough to get rid of most of the grime that was covering me, hoping with an almost childlike fear that Mrs. Hudson won’t send me back in to finish cleaning properly.
Sherlock blinks, almost looking stunned, if John didn’t know better. “No, that’s the short answer,” he finally sighs. “The long answer is, whatever he’s after, I am too busy to truly care about.” With that he bends back over his petri dish, with a sense of finality.
Mary gets home from work late, and she collapses at the dinner table with the leftovers John has left her, not even bothering to heat them up.
After three drafts, he gives up. Nothing through text will convey what he’s thinking. It was too impersonal, and Sherlock could just ignore it.
Something pulls at John’s heart again, and he pulls Sherlock into the tightest hug he can imagine, squeezing him until both of them are out of air. Even then, he remains on the detective’s chest, and soon drifts asleep, knowing full well that his dreams will be full of dark haired boys screaming in pain as doctors band him, and little girls bleeding to death.
And, in a case of rare consideration, Sherlock even turns his head away as John slips out of bed, allowing the doctor some privacy as he awkwardly slips out of the room naked.
My initial thought was correct; it’s an apple. There’s a bite in it. A single bite. It wasn’t here last night, not when I left, and with the rations, I’d certainly doubt that Mrs. Hudson would leave an apple only partially eaten. Who else had been here?
He catches sight of his chair, something Sherlock hadn’t thrown out with the rest of stuff, and blinks in shock as he sees that it’s been stabbed multiple times, the stuffing bleeding out.
The first time he met her, with some investigation, she practically had tripped over herself just to shake his hand, stammering and blushing as Sherlock said her name. John hadn’t needed to look at her Watch; only someone unbonded would be so giddy around another.
His eyes fall down to his own Watch, and guilt floods his body. Sherlock doesn’t need to worry about this, but he certainly does.
I’ll give them the benefit of the doubt and go with the latter, as, really, I am rather good. I haven’t made a single sound. Even the sparse people wandering about on the streets haven’t looked at me, even though I am not in the shadows, and only a small distance from the two. (Blending in plain sight, doesn’t that need practice? Yet it’s second nature to me. My identity is becoming more interesting by the moment)
John’s eyes widened, and he glanced back up at her, the worry increasing in his gaze. At that age he was still frightened of girls, even his twin sister, and the thought of spending his whole life with one was too much.
I stand up slowly, muttering a prayer under my breath as I step away from the body. I don’t recall myself being religious, but it’s the least I can do for him, given his circumstances.
Sherlock chuckles. “You’re just irresistible, John,” he replies, and looks at John with such an expression that makes him want to kiss the other and start all over.
After a few more notes, it’s clear that this isn’t stopping anytime soon, and John huffs and gets up, wandering downstairs sleepily.
things like John’s limp, occupation, personal qualms (although he had mistaken Harry to be his brother), even things John didn’t know (Was Harry really an alcoholic?), would have to be crazy.
John’s eyes sweep over Sherlock’s body, those intricate curves and alabaster skin. Desire begins to fill him again, which brings with it terror.
John scoffs. “For God’s sake--” before he can finish that thought, his phone buzzes, and instinctively he pulls it out.
She’s laughing, still. I can see that from her wide grin and the spasms in her chest. When she turns towards out the window, I lean further into my pillows, as if afraid she might see me even in my darkened room. But she is not looking for anyone who would be peeping, she’s grabbing the light-coloured curtains, and right before she can close them, another figure steps in, a man, and wraps his arms around her and kisses her shoulder and neck. I do not have the chance to see his face before the curtains are pulled shut.
.” The icy tone in John’s voice sends shivers down Sherlock’s back; he makes a mental note never to get on John’s bad side. “He’s just more intelligent than you are. And, if that’s your qualification for a freak, you’d have to call about half the planet that.
He starts to palm John’s erection through the fabric of his pants, and bends his head. John knows what he’s about to do, and jerks into a sitting position, and grabs Sherlock’s shoulder.
As if that was any consolation, John thinks as he gets out of the car as well. She did have a point, though. There had been no force involved in taking John here, and he can’t see any form of such anywhere nearby. It seems that he has freedom to leave whenever he wishes, but they both know that by now he’s too curious to do so.
Mary hums, and they fall silent until John can’t help but break the quiet peace. “What’s your favourite food?” he asks.
.) late at night, all guise and poise lost in his desperate thrusts into her (or him), all deductions gone from his lips except for the repeated syllables of his lover’s name, until even that is lost as he climaxes and cries out in his frenzy?
“Besides, you act as though I have no stake in this either,” the detective sighs. “You think I want to be caught? You could plead your way down. Say that I’d seduced or taken advantage of you, or at the very least bring in your many ex-girlfriends to prove that you can function as a heterosexual lover. I’d have no defence, just a very long line of male paramours. At the very least I’d be confined to solitary confinement for the rest of my life, if not the Chair.” Before he can stop it, an image of Sherlock trapped in the darkness of those small cells, his skin emaciated and paler than now, rushes into John’s mind. “It’s for my benefit as well as yours to keep quiet.”
Sherlock sighs, and gets up. “The headache and numbness is a common side effect,” he says, and disappears into the kitchen again. John tries to turn, but that proves to uncomfortable, so he tries to stay as still as possible.
“I know that you looked at my phone,” Sherlock says suddenly when they stand in the lift, disturbing John from his thoughts.
Sorrow hits him like a tidal wave, one that stays with him as Sherlock peppers his face with kisses and slips out from underneath him to use the loo.
Another piece of laughter, softer now, like a small chorus. “I’d prefer the most beautiful man to fall in love with me.”
, “15 shillings a week, who knows if he has family, but he will certainly spend a fortune on this ridiculous day. It’s nauseating.
The ghost wore a long white tunic, fastened with a beautiful thin belt. It held a branch of fresh green holly in its hand, and his dress was trimmed with summer flowers. Like Marley, he radiated his own light, but his was much more golden, even his belt glimmered.
He resurfaced again, the clock said fifty minutes later, because his mom told him to just eat his food, it was gone cold now anyway.
He slumps down with his back against a tree, cradling his wrist carefully. Another cramp makes him sob in pain. The cramps wander from his stomach to his legs, today
Someone had given him an orange blanket and Sherlock was reminded of his and Johns first case. A Study in Pink. That was also the day when John had met Mycroft. Mycroft. His blood was everywhere on the expensive Persian carpet.
hardly remembered his first years, and he was determined to keep it that way. With his intellect and hard work, the Marley family had become one of the richest in the country.
"I would love nothing more than to cuddle with you for the rest of the day, but we do have to continue our tradition.“ John whispered in his curls.
A security woman quickly checks John’s bag (thankfully John did not bring his gun or else they would have had a problem right now) and they are in.
“Harry, don’t be mean to your brother. John, stop annoying your sister. Now, get ready for bed. I don’t want to hear another noise coming from your room, understood?
He tries and realizes at the same moment how pathetic he must sound. Still, desperate times call for desperate measures, etc.
The older Holmes brother reacted surprised when John called him (finally, John managed to surprise a Holmes), then reacted even more surprised when he heard that Sherlock had been hidden in London for weeks (John was really on a winning streak), and then acted outright shocked when John told him about Mary (three in a row). Mycroft promised him to handle Mary and to also send medication and more bandages to Lestrade’s flat. They both agreed that it would be safest to stay at the D.I’s flat until Mary had been arrested.
The boy stepped closer, but Sherlock suddenly started wailing and clinged to his older brother’s legs like he was the only lifesaver left in his dark world.
Then, he was just a young university student who felt utterly helpless to his father’s anger and to his mother’s tears.
Sherlock shrugs: “I spend most of the time either in my room or in a deserted corner in the library. We wouldn’t have met.
John finally found the courage to cut open Sherlock formerly white and now completely grey shirt. His clothes would wander into the bin immediately. Sherlock’s ribs were way too visibly, and again, dark bruises were everywhere. John took a look at Sherlock’s back and gasped in horror. Sherlock’s back was filled with whip lashes, none of them treated, and several looked infected. John laid a hand on Sherlock’s forehead, the detective was burning up.
Sherlock asks. John has probably explained the game a thousand times already to Sherlock, and Sherlock swears to himself at this moment that the next time, he will listen.
John was training together with a new gladiator in sword-fighting. Gregor had bought him just two days ago, a man around his age from
He drowned the priests' bible verses out. Sherlock certainly choose an appropriate on, but John could never get himself to listen the words. He didn’t feel like God loved him. First, he got shot, and then he met Sherlock, which was the best thing that ever happened to him, and then Sherlock jumped off that roof and disappeared for two years (they still had to talk about that), which drove John into total depression, until Mary showed up and slowly dragged him back to the light. He was thankful for her, yet part of him wished it wouldn’t have been necessary.
Minutes, or maybe hours later, he is awoken by the loud thumping on his door. Sherlock stumbles to open it with bleary eyes and frizzled hair.
Sherlock did what he was told and John let him go again. More aggressive sounds followed, multiple punches were thrown. It took John too long and soon Sherlock had no air left. The burning began anew. His chest hurt like mad, as he would be suffering multiple heart attacks. There was no feeling left in his arms and legs, and he could sense how his eyes slowly closed.
„That was the best fuck I have ever had.“, murmured John. His nose nuzzled into Sherlock’s curls.The slave hmmmd in agreement.
“I want to kiss you too, love.” John says. “Admittedly, I would like to do some more things with you, but I don’t think Mycroft would appreciate us having phone sex.”
John was now more surprised than before. Such an educated slave must have been born in a very noble family. Maybe they wanted to get rid of him and sold him, or his family was called in a siege. The young slave looked absolutely terrified after the dark haired man's suggestion. He tried to wriggle out of his tight bounds again, and the seller slapped him in the face.
, a good cook, a kind man with deep blue eyes, but a kind smile. He also found a lighter collar for him that didn’t hurt his marks so much and also opened the cuffs from his hands and ankles. As a slave he wasn’t allowed to wear a toga, but John bought him better clothes. Sherlock felt much better after that. He had to get used to walking behind John and bowing his head, but it helped immensely that John not only trusted, but learned to admire him. Sherlock could almost fool himself that they were a team now.
In preparation for this, Lestrade has himself and a few men posted inside the museum of the night in question, and after much arguing and pouting, Sherlock manages to convince him to allow the two of them in too.
“Apologise to him,” John says, authoritatively, simply. An order. He stands with his spine straight in a military fashion, and crosses his arms.
Sherlock gazes at John, a reverence in his eyes that makes him shiver and back away, cowering into the kitchen to make sure the chicken hadn’t gotten too blackened.
Sherlock jolts in surprise, loosening his grip, and John takes the opportunity to shove him as far away as he can.
“Lestrade’s?” Sherlock asks, rolling his eyes when John nods. “Ah. His wife has been cheating on him again, I believe.”
Sherlock’s face softened into a smile once more. “Sit, John. the coffee is almost finished, and I’ll start the eggs.”
He doesn’t sleep. From the looks of Sherlock at the kitchen table the following morning, neither has he.
He ignores it, no matter how much he wants it, he stays silent and faithful, to Mary, because he still loves her, and it would not be fair to her.
“Don’t,” Sherlock seethes. “Don’t speak.” He steps back, and drops his hand, but his motions seem robotic, sudden, jerky, not the fluid grace they usually are filled with.
He hurries back to the flat as fast as he can, sprinting up the stairs once the cab drops him off. He leans against the door heavily, his eyes moving to find Sherlock.
“But then I was arrested. Theft. Was just supposed to be a six month sentence, and we had a plan that she would go, and I’d join her…” He pauses, and if it weren’t for the circumstances John would feel compelled to comfort him. “But he found out, somehow. He
Instead he grabs Sherlock by the shoulders and pulls him in, grabbing the detective’s lips by his teeth.
I begin to peel off my clothes, noting in the mirror the dark, purple bruises just above my elbows on both arms. Upon removing my trousers I see there are similar bruises at my ankles, and horrid scabs at my knees. There are small flecks of blood, little cuts on my wrists. My fingernails are broken, and hold a considerable amount of grime under them. I furrow my eyebrows, as I run a hand through my hair again.
Sherlock drops his head, his chest still heaving. John stares at him, his doctor’s instincts tingling to take over, to check if he’s alright.
Sure enough, there’s the madman himself. His back is to John, and he’s facing the window, looking like a statue except for the careful movement of his elbow. All of John’s anger suddenly fades at the sight.
I stop chewing for a moment to consider her question. A place to go, a home, a safe house. Do I have one? I don’t know. The clothes I was wearing when I came in were ragged, looking like they belonged to a vagrant, and yet upon checking the labels in the bath, they turned out to be quite expensive items, though roughed up.
“Sherlock, what the hell are you--” with his nerves so fraught as they were, John could hardly take this as well.
When John arrives back at the flat, with two bags of measley groceries he’d gotten because he was convinced Moriarty would tail him, to see if he came running home, Sherlock ambushes him. He pushes him into a wall and kisses him hungrily, but John quickly pushes against him.
“Sir, yes Sir!” Two voices cry in unison before two men in the front salute and begin to march towards the alley I am hiding in.
“Well, ah…” John clears his throat. “I mean, before this morning, I had come to the conclusion that you were Pure.” Someone who saved their body for their Soulmate, and never even kissed until they met that person.
Sherlock realises that he hasn’t breathed since John started speaking, and his lungs are screaming for air. He takes a deep breath, still unable to blink. This is impossible. No one has ever stood up for him before.
After a few moments, Sherlock remembers the health risks of sleeping in such a position. John will wake up with a sore and stiff back, he won’t achieve the proper REM cycle due to his discomfort, and will be grumpy for the rest of the day. It’s obvious what he must do, for John’s own sake.
Instead of talking John busies himself with looking over all the gear in the police car, the monitors and gears that must have some purpose, although he can’t think of what.
“I told you that I was getting a flatshare, who do you think it is?” Sherlock asks, sounding annoyed as he looks through the clutter for something.
Sherlock notices John’s hesitation, of course he does. The moment they step into the cold night air, the detective turn to him with a smile, but it disappears within a blink of an eye.
Now they’re longing, horrid dreams, in which John is searching, but never finding. They are reminiscent of his army dreams, in that he wakes in a cold sweat, with a sinking feeling in his stomach.
Sherlock groans, jerking his head up to look at John. His face is gleaming with sweat, and he looks like an animal. “Hm?” he groans. His hand starts to move quicker.
The kids leave him alone, at least for the first few years. At that point, there is still compassion in their hearts, and they figure there’s no harm in a boy who doesn’t like company, who prefers to look at dead rodents and watch bees all day.
haven’t given me your paperwork for the case!” Lestrade continues, turning his annoyance onto Molly, who shrinks back. “My superior’s been breathing down my neck on it for the past two days, I need it
I can only tell so much of them from the back. One is heavier, walks with a strange beeline, almost shuffling. The other is shorter, but even with my distance I can see his uniform clinging to a muscular frame, and his posture is straight, even when relaxed… And, he has a remarkable bottom.
That night, he tries to compose a text to Sherlock. He says how sorry he is that he let this go on too long, that he knows it was stupid and that he hurt the other but that he misses him.
The door to the flat is open as it often is, which means Sherlock is in, which means that John can’t hide from this.
Not thinking about things is harder than expected, I find, as I wretch and hold onto the wall desperately. Rather good that I haven’t eaten, otherwise it would just be another disgusting obstacle to avoid in this horrendous passage.
He proposes to her, and he would know it had been only five weeks shy of three years that Sherlock was dead, if he looked.
But they do not notice me. They walk right past me. The moment they reach halfway across the street, the two men stop their march, relax into an everyday man’s gait, let their arms cradle their guns casually, and chuckle with each other. I find myself drawn to follow them, although I haven’t a clue why.
A sudden shriek jolts John out of his daze, and he drops everything, soldier/doctor/detective mode in gear.
He finds himself staring at his Watch as he retreats, as if it will give him some answer. 77d12h53m.
A light across the room goes on, and Sherlock is illuminated under the shadowy warmth. He’s sitting in his own arm chair, reclined with calculating eyes.
“And he knew who I was. He wouldn’t let me get out. I was supposed to just be in for six months, but they tracked me, put me down for every infraction, building up my sentence over and over! I was in for thirty years!” Tears come to his eyes. “They destroyed my life! They
But John can’t do it. He can’t face Sherlock, not now. Just as the other man looks up from his coffee, John darts for the door, not even bothering to close it as he bolts down the stairs and out of the flat.
Sherlock shakes his head. “Not about this,” he says. “But… He’s playing at something. Obviously his ploy with you this morning was some part of the game to him. But I have no idea what his goal is at the end of it. He has everything he needs to destroy me but he hasn’t.”
Sherlock’s eyes widen, and his mouth drops open for a single moment to form a comical grin, before he breaks down into the most sincere laugh John has ever heard him utter.
It’s dark out when John comes to, and the first thing he’s aware of is his massive headache. He grunts, and moves to touch his forehead. The moment he moves his hand the sensation of pins and needles erupts through his arm and he gasps in shock, squirming at the discomfort.
That could be the last time he ever kisses Sherlock, John realizes, but forces himself not to go back and give him a proper smooch on the lips. That would jeopardize everything that was supposedly going to happen today.
Afterwards, they’re silent, at least as they untangle themselves and pull the covers around each other, panting and waiting to come down from their respective highs. Sherlock slips out only a few minutes later to turn off the light, and he hears John chuckle behind him. He glances back.
“See you tonight,” he whispers to Sherlock, planting a kiss on his cheek. The detective hums, and his lips quirk into a smile for just a moment before he drifts back to sleep.
The man twirls his umbrella. "I can assure you, I don't wish to harm Sherlock Holmes, or you,” he states, his voice still a sinister purr. "In fact, I've got a proposition that will be particularly advantageous for you."
Mary doesn’t mind, however. She’s glad that John is happy, and thinks nothing more of it. She never says anything, only smiles and kisses him goodbye, even when it is five in the morning.
Sherlock climbs back into the bed. “He already has.” John laughs loudly at that, and Sherlock loves it.
He sighs, forcing it out of his head before it festers in his brain. Why bother focusing on what could never be, after all?
She’ll kiss him, and he’ll find himself longing for Sherlock’s dominant mouth. Her conversation now seems boring, uninspired. His now half-hearted attempts at getting to know her still go nowhere. Her childhood was allegedly uninteresting. Airtight family, lots of friends, neither of which he could relate to. Some of her stories give John a bad feeling, like how she and friends mocked a classmate for being too smart, even going so far to destroy his books. She doesn’t even sound so remorseful.
On a certain level he doesn’t even want this to end. Thinking that makes his heart pound, as if Moriarty will be able to read his thoughts, as if he’ll be thrown in jail for thinking sinful things.
Besides, it’s only a moment after stepping back that Sherlock reappears in the room, still muttering about chemicals.
I stumble out into the street, using the wall for support, towards the trash bins that are tucked neatly next to the building to which they belong. I throw one open violently, much too far gone to care about the noise, or the mess I’ll create by digging through it. I need something, anything.
My hypothesis of him being as attractive as his backside is proven correct immediately. He has blonde hair, and a strongly structured face. His eyes are a kind, dark blue, although it is hard to tell from this distance. He has lost all of his baby fat, yet has not started to gray or wrinkle. He is probably closer to twenty than thirty, in the portion of life when youth is everything, very little stress, physically and mentally. (The war will change all that, of course, I think bitterly.)
A young nurse walks in with her hands full of trays, which in turn are full of medical supplies. When she sees me, she gasps and drops everything she’s holding, sending scalpels and surgical saws across the floor. Her entire body is frozen, except for her mouth, which is opening wider in preparation for what seems like it is going to be--
Sorry for the long wait for this one... The semester at school was pretty busy for me. Hopefully it's not too cringeworthy. I'm also hoping that I will be able to post a bit more regularly, but even if I can't, I promise I won't forget this project!
But John must guess. He has to look for clues, try to piece them together, and wonder what they mean.
No wedding ring on her hand, but the skin around her ring finger has the worn appearance of one who has worn it for years. She must see my puzzled look, and continues.
“I wouldn’t care if you didn’t want to continue this,” he says, his voice still cold as ice. “If you didn’t feel attracted to me, if you even wished to let this change our relationship and cohabit here awkwardly. But that isn’t the issue here! You
Slowly, he stops doing double takes at every tall, dark haired man who walks past him. He stops crying himself to sleep, stops beating himself up for not doing
65d21h33m. What was it yesterday? Has it gone up or down? Does it matter? It isn’t as if this act will have affected this.
“I just don’t understand. Is contraception so difficult to get these days?,” John whispers after the fact, lying in Sherlock’s arms.
Sherlock takes a step towards him again, staring down at John. “Do you think you’re a deviant?” he asks.
On top of that, Sherlock makes it known that he’s a man. He takes charge, touching John with no hesitation, groping him and pulling him along.
There’s a smaller fear in visiting Baker Street that Moriarty could still be lurking, practicing his voyeurism act for whatever purpose he had. Sherlock said that the other would not go to the police and so far this turned out to be true, but what if him visiting Sherlock once more spurned something new in the madman? Convinced him that John was as filthy as the acts they did?
I do not know when I drift asleep, but sometime later I wake up with a start, covered in sweat, the grin and laugh of a madman stuck in my head.
, a voice immediately answers. Upon shakily getting up on my elbows, I can see a street sign at the end of the alley, illuminated by the painfully bright lamp post: “Baker Street.” Southern London, Westminster.
After that, life slowly begins to improve, at least from a certain viewpoint. He rents an actual flat, works on more crime scenes, and has stopped indulging in illegal substances. Mostly.
Sherlock grabs John’s hair, yanks it back. John gasps, stilling as Sherlock bites and sucks on his neck. His teeth are harsher than usual, and send sharp prickles of pain throughout John’s body, yet it still gives in, melting under the contact.
“And do you love me?” Sherlock finally asks, his smile dropping into a serious expression as he finishes, still holding the instrument to his chin.
They make love for the first time since Moriarty that night. In a bed, slowly. John slowly takes Sherlock apart, piece by piece, running his hands over every inch of his body as if he’s marble to be carved. His knees, his thighs, his cock, his stomach… How could skin be so smooth?
Perhaps she has grandchildren, who stay with her sometimes, and leave their clothes in the drawers so they don’t have to pack next time they visit. This scenario seems strangely familiar to me, and the scent of warm, salty sand comes with it.
John pants, his mind unable to remember how to form words. God, that mouth… Sherlock was bobbing his head up and down, and all John could feel was heat, pressure, the room spinning around him…
John squeezes his eyes shut, but he’s forced to open them when Sherlock touches his chin, and draws his chin up.
Already Sherlock has forgotten the hopelessness of the Ithacan wife, and is humming a new tune, making sure everything is presentable for his lover’s visit. He’s even more excited, because he has a plan for tonight. One that he won’t tell John, of course, because the other would only laugh at him, or maybe give him a strange look, and refuse.
Sherlock purses his lips, then thins them into a testing smile that makes John shiver. “Fine, how about all day aside from the hour when you’ll demand to get groceries?”
She started to work at the same clinic as he did, they became friends, they dated, they moved in together, Mary accepted his non-proposal, they married, Mary became non-pregnant for a while, Mary shot Sherlock in the chest, Sherlock shot Magnussenn in the head, Moriarty appeared on a video-
“I know this was your last class, I peeked at your schedule. Don’t tell me you are still forcing them to do homework.
once had a different last name, but he didn’t remember it, or rather, deleted this useless information.
, in his dominant left hand. John entered the arena and thousands of voices cheered at his sight. The sun burned down on all of them, the sand under his feet was dry, and the overwhelming heat gave the situation a sense of madness.
Sherlock wants to answer, but the hand on his shoulder is weighing him down into a long-wished slumber. He sighs, the breath emitting releases his tension too, and he finally allows himself to close his eyes.
The king signs. He seems bored. “Get on with it then, I don’t suppose this afternoon will get any more interesting.
Most of the other Hogwarts teachers have opted to wear their usual black costumes to not let the students believe that the rules can be thrown out of the window today.
“I have watched and read and everything about you and Dr. John Watson in the news. There are a lot of amazing stories about you over the last few years. First you suddenly get famous, then you fall from disgrace and then committing suicide, John Watson moving out, you come back two years ago, seemingly changed, John Watson marrying, Sherlock Homes having sex with a random woman, Sherlock Holmes getting fake engaged, Sherlock Holmes getting shot and nearly dying, and then Sherlock Holmes and John Watson, the great heroes, saving London from a terrorist attack with only two casualties, one of them your brother, the other one John Watson’s wife! Of course, I got interested in you!
Sherlock’s cock was half-erect, no wonder because of the sensual sensation, but he was nowhere near as eager as the other people John had slept with were at this point. Not only that, the slave was quivering so terribly, the whole bed shook with him. Silent tears were rolling down his cheek, and he tried to brush away some semen from his mouth, but failed because of his cuffed hands.
would be here in about two or three hours anyway. She could use the remaining time to have some fun.
Sherlock asks sleepily. They built themselves a bed out of pillows and blankets in front of their fireplace. Sherlock had made them tea and Mrs Hudson baked biscuits. Sherlock is laying half on top of John, with his head on John’s good shoulder.
Maybe it was because of his parent’s marriage, but already at the beginning of the wedding planning, John could hardly pretend to care about any of it, while Sherlock and Mary did everything enthusiastically.
“Thank you.” Sherlock said begrudgingly. Mycroft puts a pair of thick headphones on and busies himself with his laptop again. John wonders how they could possibly prevent Mrs. Hudson from suffering a heart attack.
John listens to his slowing breathing. The train leaves London behind, and houses are replaced with trees and fields. John resists the urge to wave at the disappearing city. After all, they will be back soon.
“You have questions.” Sherlock remarked suddenly, and John’s head moved so quickly to Sherlock that his neck ached.
They both enjoyed their studies at their universities and met almost every day, one of them often staying at the other one’s flat overnight. Nobody ever said “John” without including Sherlock as well and vice versa. They had been planning to travel to Paris for a few days after exams in the summer. Of course, this and all other big plans were soon canceled, followed by closed bookstores and cafés, followed by their evacuation to the country. John is not far along enough in his studies to help out at the hospital, for which Sherlock is secretly very grateful. Imagining John at the frontline of this unprecedented crisis makes him want to vomit.
John blinked in surprise. Why was there a secret door in Mary’s basement, and why had she never told him about it?
Don’t play stupid with me. I know people, and I can find out things about you that you would better want to keep a secret.
John raised his free hand to stop any protest, and led the quivering man to the smaller room. There was not much in it except another cupboard and a bed. It’s frame was out of bronze, and a mattress filled with feathers lay on top of it. John arranged a few woollen blankets and pillows on it, then turned around.
“I’m sorry to miss hearing you play today.“ The young man continues talking to Sherlock surprisingly. He explains when he notices Sherlock’s confused expression.
This morning? Or is he lying and it’s the middle of the night? How much time has passed since the kidnapping?
Fat teardrops run down his face, and Sherlock presses his face into the blanket to hide his cries. He does not want to make his new owners angry.
Later, he runs around the classroom and impresses the class with his deduction skills, by commenting on where they spent their holidays (three were in the United States — boring). It is helpful to show off in front of the first graders, so they won’t try lying about their homework getting stolen by owls.
John’s voice sounded dead now. He regarded Sherlock with so much hate in his eyes that it made Lestrade shiver.
Sherlock prepared himself to throw a fit like only a real teenager could: “If you would ever listen to me, you’d know that I absolutely hate pineapple on my pizza!
John has made it his life’s mission to prove Sherlock sometimes wrong about him. He never actually spoke that out loud, but it’s a thing nonetheless. He had a few big wins these past months. First, teaming up with Mycroft without telling Sherlock to get rid of Mary, then kissing him during The Great British Bake-Off and now that John likes his job at the clinic.
“Your wife has been arrested when she tried to enter your house.” Mycroft told John. “They also found  multiple weapons, explosives, and a large amount of bullets, all hidden somewhere in the house.”
John crawled to Sherlock (noticing again how terrible small and cold the room is - what was Mary thinking?) and reached for Sherlock’s hands with shaking fingers. Sherlock’s hand was clammy, frozen, but John could detect a pulse. John heaved a loud sigh of relief.
Their relationship was exciting and fresh and new and it made Sherlock smile until his face hurt. It was everything he ever dared to dream of (and so much more).
John shrugged: “I thought he could be useful. The seller mentioned he can speak all sort of languages and stuff.
The sound was loud and nauseating, worse than a gunshot, and Sherlock’s boneless body collapsed to the ground, like his brother did.
Sherlock nods: “Usually, people are more willing to give money during Christmas time, so I was running extra hours the last weeks.
Right now, he has an entirely different problem. The cleaning has taken longer than he anticipated, and there is simply no time for a shower or a change of clothes before his meeting with John.
How about I make you my special pizza, and we eat it together? If you don’t mind that the shop is fully decorated with pumpkins and witches.
They had celebrated Christmas alone at Baker Street, just the two of them with a small tree, Chinese take-out and lots of wine. It ended with them spread under a dozen of blankets next to the fireplace, cuddling. Sherlock had gifted John with an expensive notebook, so John can take notes again on crime scenes. John had presented Sherlock with a short holiday to Edinburgh in Spring, as soon as Sherlock feels better.
This Christmas, John is more grateful than ever before that somehow, against all odds, he and Sherlock are still alive at Baker Street. No murderous killers, no pool, no dominatrix, no hound, no roof can’t change that. John is grateful that Sherlock is here, not laying in a dirty grave, or in a Serbian prison, or in this case, in the basement of a cruel Santa Claus.
Sherlock nods, though he is not sure how much John will like being reminded of his unfortunate accident.
common room. Mr. Filch did not appreciate it then, and he is not a big fan of the young potion teacher now. Sherlock winks at Mrs. Norris, then continues his journey through the deserted school halls. He can hear a lot of wild clapping, so that means he must have missed the Sorting Hat Ceremony. Sherlock fervently hopes
and Julia. They had left both him and Harry a lot of money after their death, but soon almost everything got lost because of the extravagant parties his sister liked to throw and the luxurious wine she drank all day. Harry finally had to sell the remaining slaves and moved into a smaller house in the country, together with her more than friend Claudia.
He desperately needs a plan how to move on from this, how to help Sherlock. The hospital will want to keep him here for at least a night, but John will take him home. Surely
“Don’t worry. From now on, I will date consulting detectives only.” John laughed, and the elevator closed to hide Mycroft’s horrified face.
His captor was now standing in front of him, smiling down. Sherlock didn’t recognize him, which annoyed him greatly. The man had just showered and now wore brand new, stainless clothing (boring sneakers, a black shirt and blue jeans). His hair was freshly cut and he was wearing gloves.
John says, and suddenly the other man is standing in front of Sherlock. Sherlock cranes his neck to focus on him.
The two arrive breathlessly at the right corridor, and after walking three times, the wall changes, and they can step through the door.
, so he only has his suit jacket and his thin white shirt. His arms are stretched above his head and tied with a chain to something at the wall, Sherlock can’t see it. His ankles are tied together with cuffs too, which forces him into a sitting position which is going to hurt soon. The manacles have already chuffed at his wrists, and the uncomfortable and worsening pain in his shoulders remind him so much of Serbia that this alone can throw him into a full-blown panic attack. Unfortunately, he has no time for that, because Santa Claus has sitting down in front of him, and the smell out of his mouth reminds Sherlock that he hasn’t eaten or drunk anything in hours. The lack of food may not be that bad, but the missing water may soon prove to be a problem. Especially coupled with the painful hit to his head.
Sherlock knocks on the door and Mary grins. Her car is parking outside, the tank is full. She and the detective are going to have a nice talk on their way to Serbia, and nobody is going to stop them.
Sherlock decides not to waste any more time and hurries off to the infamous gift and flower shop, that is in every airport. In the shop, Sherlock is immediately overwhelmed by all the balloons, teddy bears, unicorns (?) and roses. He does the only thing he can think of and fires off a text message to Molly:
John wondered how fast she came up with that stupid explanation: “I would like to know your definition of safe, because I don’t think keeping someone safe entails chaining them, already wounded, and then deny them food and water.”
John approaches them and hands a bowl of biscuits out to the two. Molly happily takes one, but Sherlock shakes his head. John helps Sherlock fluff out his many pillows. It helps to relax his aching back.
Sherlock cries, although he feels very pleased about that. Their parents enjoy John’s company and have long forgiven him for Mary's shenanigans, as they call it.
John follows her through the shelter. About five puppies are playing together on a blanket in the corner. They kneel down to observe them. In John’s opinion, he can take them all to Baker Street, but Mrs. Hudson probably wouldn’t approve. She is fine with one puppy, and certainly not five.
Sherlock makes a muffled sound through the cruel gag in his mouth. It sounded like 'John'. His name on those beautiful lips and it felt like salvation. He was alive. John hurried to the table and reached out his shaking hands to touch the detectives face. Silent tears were running down his pale cheeks. His whole body started shaking, and John made nonsensical but hopefully soothing sounds, trying to distract him. Mycroft's team would be here soon, they could help him. Especially his legs looked weirdly disfigured. John presses his forehead to Sherlock's, closes his eyes and just
The two guards exited the room. The door must be behind his back, since Sherlock couldn’t see it. They had him blindfolded on his way to this room. The only piece of furniture was a table and a wooden chair. Sherlock couldn’t see if there were any objects lying on it. The room was brightly lit and there were no windows, only a hook dangling from the ceiling. His kidnapper was about a head taller than he was, approximately his age and Caucasian. He knelt down to his level and cupped his face with both of his hands. Sherlock tried to wrestle his head away from the unwelcoming touch, but the man was strong.
She follows him through a backdoor, which is unsupervised. She leads him right to an easily forgettable silver car.
“Sherlock is absolutely right. It’s too early to invite John into the closer circle of our family, and the speculation is already bad enough as it is. The Daily Mail has a new headline about you two every single day.
John starts carefully unbuttoning Sherlock’s blue shirt and Sherlock helps John out of his brown jumper. They undress each other with gentle movements and brushing hands. John slips into the bathtub first and leans against the wall. Sherlock climbs in and leans his back against John’s chest. He puts his head against John’s not injured shoulder. They have decided to skip the music today and just listening to each other.
She shed her human shield and dropped the fake bump on their bed, not that John had slept there since summer. Mary retrieved her weapons and her emergency kit and left the house in the suburbs for good.
The idea of adopting a puppy for them had come to John after a case involving a young girl and a missing dog. Sherlock had solved the case and found the dog in half an hour without taking the offered pocket money. In exchange, he cuddled with the dog for a few minutes, before the happy girl and her companion went back home.
Encouraged by this positive reaction, Sherlock starts alternating between swirling his tongue around it and sucking on John’s cock. John pushes his hands through Sherlock’s curls and tugs on them.
They concentrate back on the red wine Sherlock had stolen from Mycroft’s house. The fine wine, the muffins, sandwiches and crisps packs John acquired from Pret A Manger make a surprisingly good combinations.
I would love to explore this AU further in a full story, and there will definitely be another chapter about them a few months into their marriage later this month (not sure where yet).
A strong hand presses him gently back into the covers, and Sherlock obeys. The kind words do make sense, after all.
Molly claps her hands together: “I do know him! One of my friends used to drag me to his old workplace — a
Officially, discrimination against werewolves is illegal, but unofficially… If someone finds out and the news is spread, most students and their parents will not want a werewolf as their potion teacher.
and Samuel back to the castle. Samuel’s shoulders have dropped so far in shame, they are practically at his knees.
"Sherlock!“ John gasped. Sherlock’s whole body went rigid, when he heard John’s exclamation and he automatically tried to hide himself further.
John’s classroom is in one of the towers, and Sherlock sprints up the long-winding staircase. Most of the children are already outside, laying in the sunshine, or walking through the grounds, enjoying the good weather. John’s classroom is empty apart from the teacher, and Sherlock takes a curious glance around. The new
His best friend, who committed suicide in front of him by jumping from a roof nearly two years ago. Tied up and hurt and unconscious in his girlfriend’s basement.
Today, John is visiting the local shelter. The three rooms are full of cats, dogs, a few rabbits, birds and even a cage with mouses. John tries not to look too much at them, their long tails absolutely terrify him. As a child, Harry had once
„This is exactly one year after you were adopted by the Marleys.“ The Ghost explained. „Sherlock has not improved much, and the other children avoid him. He is quite smart, but the orphans receive next to no education. They will learn how to read, write and do some math, and that’s about it.“
"Right.“ Sherlock answers, "This experiment is over.“ He starts putting creme over the spot to hide it, then gives John a quick kiss.
A glass wand separated the interrogator from the prisoner, and John is glad for that. Mary’s head jumped up immediately when she saw him, and a big smile broke out on her face.
Holmes’s dead body, he could not help but feel relieved. If one Holmes was meant to die this night, he is glad
Santa settles comfortable and crosses his legs. He starts playing with Sherlock’s curl over his forehead. Sherlock tries to pull away (only John is allowed to touch his hair), but Santa just pulls harder, and Sherlock resigns.
The relative peace is interrupted for a moment when a young man suddenly appears with a plop in front of the school gates. He walks purposely through the opening gates and hurries up the long way to the school. His large black coat is blowing behind him, resembling a large, dramatic bat.
Years later, he is running in panic through the thankfully deserted corridors of the castle. He doesn’t know where to go, all he can think of is the shouted
The Ghost sat down next to him: „You were extremely lucky to be adopted by the Marley’s. Sherlock didn’t receive that fortune, not with his illness and not on that day. He received another fortune though. John Watson came for him, like an angel, and he never left again.“
Smith and wrestles the bag free from Sherlock. Through his shallow breaths and disappearing sight, Sherlock watches John kick Smith to the ground, pressing him down with his knee and putting the bag on Smith this time.
“Holmes, I was waiting for you here. We did not have the opportunity to talk to each other this year at all.
They ate together three times a day, went to the market, to the forum, now again to the school, but the slave remained untouched. He continued to sleep in the living room, and the two did not even brush their hands together. Slowly Sherlock seemed to relaxed, and he lost a bit of that haunted look in his eyes. His gracious fingers often fiddled on the collar, and he had to learn to always walk a step behind John, to not address or look at a free man openly and to always obey his masters every wish. The gladiator knew it must have been torture for the man who seemed so much bigger than life, so imposing and sometimes arrogant, the smartest person in Rome, and yet he had to submit.
With a shrinking feeling, Sherlock remembers his duty as husband. Better to get on with it, then, even though part of him wants to jump out of the window.
John has found a lot of dangerous, weird, and most of all disgusting things in their kitchen at 221b, but this is the first time he opened their cupboards and sees only gingerbread. Lots, lots, lots of gingerbread.
. The man insisted on being named Anders, and John had grudgingly complied. Gregor wasn’t so happy with his new purchase either. Apparently Anderson’s eyesight was rather bad and the slave seller
Yesterday, he talked with Mrs. Bird about the mysterious case, and she sent him to 221b Baker Street. The landlady there, Mrs. Hudson, is an old friend of Mrs. Bird, and they meet monthly to drink sherry and talk about the latest gossip. A brilliant detective and a former army doctor is living at 221b.
