Inside, unfortunately, they were greeted by more than just the music and the lights. Cas squinted his eyes and looked down. Beside him, Dean’s grin widened and his chin tilted up confidently. A woman with light brown hair pulled up into a high ponytail moved towards them.
“Lots to do yet.” Dean said shortly. Lisa stared him down, trying to read him.
So Cas settled in to wait. He crossed one ankle over the other, and clasped his hands together behind his back. He watched the darkening trees ahead of him, and wondered what vampires or ghosts may exist in the forest. But then that train of thought led him straight back to thinking about Dean, and so Cas tried to focus on something different.
Dean raised half of his mouth into a smug grin. “Well did you tell them that I was getting lucky? That’s a pretty good cover.”
Dean could have sworn that Cas’s cheeks had deepened just a touch towards red, but he was also sure that angels didn’t blush. Sam asked Dean to double check that he had their electronic invitation ready to go, and Dean assured him that of course he did, come on.
I'd think you were listening to me now
Charlie said it looked unfinished like that, with only three nails painted. Dean told her to fuck off. He liked the way that it made certain fingers look longer, and the nail polish even more evident. It looked plenty great wrapped around the handle of a knife,  or holding a cigarette, too.
is perfectly in my control! Always has been, always will be.”
Your heart was glass, I dropped it
Castiel couldn’t let himself forget what he was: an angel of the Lord; Castiel was anything but fragile and needy. He could never be loved by something as vital and human as Dean. He was fairly certain that he’d never been loved at all. Angels, he’d long told himself, were just not meant for love. That was something that had been created afterwards. Angels, he had to believe, were built only to serve. Devotion was loyalty and commitment, but it wasn’t love.
“I believe that humans are accustomed to saying that they are fine when they’re not.”
With his head tilted upwards like this, Dean could see the path that each snowflake took, streaking from the dark sky in a smooth, sloping line. He could only watch them for a second -- too many fell into his eyes and he had to close them, but that was almost better. The snowflakes fell onto his cheeks, his chin, his forehead. Each one was like a kiss from cold lips. He opened his mouth to catch some on his tongue. He opened himself up to them, throwing his shoulders wider until the muscles in his low back began to protest.
Castiel, out of habit, tucked his head to the side in self-protection. In the garrison, weakness was not rewarded, and the routines ingrained within him way back then had yet to entirely fade. He pressed himself flush against the wall, imagining someone with celestial strength coming towards him, their intentions to teach and to punish.
“Do you remember how I answered?” Castiel asked softly.
-Taylor Swift, happiness
The rain turned from a light mist into big, wet drops that hit Dean’s shoulders and bled through all his layers of clothes in seconds flat. He pulled his coat together, crossing his arms over his chest. Each time a car passed him along the road, Dean was hit by a gust of wet wind. Either Cas hadn’t meant for Dean to follow, or he had forgotten that humans could get cold.
“Why don’t you answer my calls? My texts? Other than this morning, we haven’t spoken in weeks. I’m the best man, and I didn’t even know what you expected me to have prepared until Sam texted me! We used to see each other every day, Dean. What changed?” Cas leaned back against the hardwood dresser, the back of his head reflecting in its mirror. His fingers grasped over its edges. “Why did we change?”
Next chapter, I take a song lyric too literally.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Cas, please.” Dean wiped his hand over his eyes. “Another time, please.”
Cas turned away from Dean’s bed, stepping back and pivoting to face the opposite direction. He nearly hit his knee against the back wall. He touched one hand to the side to steady himself, resting it atop the small counter top/sink/TV stand combo which was the only raised surface in the room. Cas’s eyes were caught by the silver glimmer of their empty ice bucket, pushed to the back of the counter. Sam’s voice ran through his head, complaining that Dean hadn’t gotten ice before he’d gotten ready for bed, meaning that they wouldn’t have any in the morning.
Cas let his hand drift upwards, ghosting it over top of Dean’s. Dean’s face drew slowly closer to his, his eyes floating downwards to Cas’s lips. Cas let himself lean forwards…
The splattering of blood across his cheekbones, he determined, was only splashes from other injuries. Cas wet a washcloth under the tap and brushed it over his cheeks, the course material pricking his skin. His scrubbed until his face was red, long after the blood had been washed away.
With the bucket still hugged against his chest and held there with one arm, Castiel used his other hand to pull open the heavy door to the ice box. A tumble of many, many ice cubes and a waft of frozen air greeted him from inside. He used the bucket like a scoop, filling it nearly to the top. The sides of the ice bucket became cold to the touch almost immediately, and the sides began to grow slippery with condensation.
“Cas is here?” Sam’s voice carried in from the hallway seconds before he appeared. He’d been cleaning a wound; one sleeve of his shirt was rolled up past his elbow. A smile broke across his face as he stepped up to Castiel, greeting him with a hand on Cas’s shoulder. “Hey, buddy. Good to see you made it out alright.”
A warm golden glow lit up the ice in the bucket, turning each into a glowing sun as Cas used his grace to ensure that the ice was clean and sanitary so that it would not poison Dean and Sam. He closed his hand up, the world falling dark once more, and trudged back to their room. He kept the ice bucket held tight to him as he walked. Humans, he was sure, also dropped their ice sometimes.
And the barista… why was she looking at Dean like that? Her eyes tracked his every movement, returning often to his lips and his hands. She had pulled a strand of hair from her ponytail forwards so that it framed her cheek, and she let it sway forwards and then back as she leaned over to pour drinks. Her cheeks were slightly pinker than they had been before.
“It is time to play ‘Deck the Spouse.’”
Dean doesn’t look up from the menu. “Pretty much. After mom died, Dad was convinced it had to be something more than just an aneurysm. He left Lawrence and started poking around, somehow stumbled across all this stuff. Raised Sammy and me into the life. He never did find what killed her- thought it was some yellow-eyed demon, but he died before we found out. By that time Sammy was in school, and he was barely speaking to me. Didn’t like my lifestyle choices. I had nothing left, so I thought I could keep on hunting before I picked up this case. Hey, you okay?”
“No, Dean, it’s not that. I’ve just met someone,” Sam confesses.
It’s the first time in Dean’s life that he’s ever seen this reaction directed at him by another human being. Of course, it certainly won’t be the last.
“I didn’t know people were sent to Hell for credit card fraud, Dean.”
“You know each other?” Henriksen asks, chuckling lowly.
Dean’s good at credit card fraud and he knows better than to use a stolen one for porn, but, god, he thought he had, oh a good five hour advantage on them and would be way out of dodge before they even got into the state. Clearly, he was wrong.
Dean is surprised to see Castiel at the door of his new apartment. Castiel’s eyes are red and he sniffles a little as Dean lets him in.
“Well, Dean, since you haven’t asked, I’ve sort of cleaned up my life a little bit. I’ve apologized to Cas for my behaviour before.”
Bobby slowly lowers his arm.
The dude is in his late twenties, maybe early thirties, is built like a lumberjack with blonde hair and tough brown eyes and he’s clearly flirting with Dean.
Dean nods, clenching his teeth as he opens the car door. “Looks like. You stay here,” he tells Castiel not really given him the choice either way.
Ruby shakes her head. “Like I’ve said, he doesn’t want to talk to you. Now, which one of you is going to do the right thing and let me out?”
with you is the closest I could get,” Dean mumbles, looking at his feet as he says this. The cocky older brother that Sam had so often described is completely gone.
“Seriously, if you need help, I can always lend you a couple of bucks.”
“It’s just creepy that a young guy like you likes hanging out with an old fart like me,” Dean chuckles. There is a smile on his face when he says this, but it doesn’t quite reach his eyes. “You’re not going to want to hang out with someone who needs a walker to go places.”
“What do you want me to get on my knees?” Dean jests.
Dean’s nineteen and should know better.
I was dead!”
Dean really doesn’t want their conversation to end, but on the other hand, he is dead tired and he should head back.
Castiel stares sourly at it, but Dean lights up like he’s just found home, and heads in without a word to him. He follows, if only to keep an eye on Dean.
The question weighs heavy, and when Cas really comes back, Dean feels like he can breathe again, that he can stand up and deal with the world, but course, Cas decides to take all that hurt, all that crazy and put it back into him, and Dean is left, once again, with questions and uncertainties.
“You owe him an apology,” Sam states sincerely.
Gabriel shoots Castiel a look, frowning.
Castiel does and in so many more ways than Dean thinks. He nods in agreement. “That seems… fair.”
“Nothing. Don’t worry about it,” he grunts in pain. Jesus, her fingernails were sharp.
“No, he always came in with this girl. Shame, he was kind of cute.”
series and Bobby Singer’s (Dean’s boss) best client. He is the one who sells the most books, despite the fact that he hasn’t published a book in nearly three years, and he is the one that Bobby is banking on to bring in the big bucks.
“You do this all the time?” David asks. “Like you burn bodies?”
“Astonishingly, Dean, I don’t really care if it’s
“Dean, I can’t-”
“Yeah, everything’s just peachy now,” Dean says, giving Castiel a warning look. They’re the only two people who need to know about their deal and that’s the way it’s going to stay. Gabriel looks disinterested anyway.
“Hey don’t give me that. You’re my brother and I know when something’s wrong with you.”
“Maybe you should end your relationship with Amelia if it is causing you so much pain,” Castiel points out.
“Right, well, I’ll see you later,” he tells Cas casually. Cas nods and leaves Dean to watch the trench coat figure walk away from him. It’s then that he realizes how tired he is.
“Well you could start by properly asking me out on a date… since you are so in love with me.”
In which Dean acts like a little girl in love and deservedly gets teased for it.
“As a said before, it was my brother who insisted on the name.”
Jo looks at him with surprise. “Jess left him.” At that, Dean chokes on his drink. “You didn’t know?”
“No, no, this is great!” Sam insists. “Tell him Bobby, this is great!”
They stand for a moment watching the toddler and the dog, before Dean clears his throat.
series. It might have been a positive change from his usual moping around, but still, that doesn’t mean he’s happy about it. Instead, he’s drinking in the corner of the room, trying to avoid talking to other literary elites and the grabby hands of middle-aged drunk women.
She moves quickly to the counter and begins to prepare dinner. Her actions are shaky at first, but soon she seems to find her balance and turns up the radio to signal that she’s ignoring Castiel.
Dean could just imagine the torture Ellen would inflict on him if she found out.
“So the number you gave me for Sam is not working,” Dean states.
“You don’t understand-”
, Cas,” Dean moves away from him. Before Castiel or rather Gabriel can stop him, Dean rushes out of the kitchen. Gabriel follows after him, only to return a few minutes later shaking his head.
“Dean,” he says gently.
“Sam’s outside with that demon skank. He didn’t see me, but I think Ruby might have. We need to follow them.”
“Maybe, you spent it on booze,” Sam suggests and Dean certain he can sense smugness in the tone. Sam has always disapproved of Dean’s drinking habit, but the brothers had an unspoken agreement that if Dean left Sam’s love life alone (and his hair length), Sam would leave Dean’s love of alcohol alone. Dean ignores his brother remark, and continues shuffling through the bills.
“One night,” Castiel echoes with a frown. “Dean, you understand that you can’t just walk out of this apartment. You are wanted by the FBI. Once they realize your body is missing, you’ll be of even more interest to the public. You won’t be able to leave here for a long time.”
“Um…”
Gabriel moves pushes past them, hurrying to the kitchen and begins making coffee.
“Why don’t we start with this one?” Sam says as he shuffles Cas out the door.
“Yeah, I do,” Dean says, taking a swig from his whiskey bottle. “But if I’m here, I might as well be of some help. I’ll help you and that Gabriel dude on your case. But I have some conditions.”
at home. Not that he was neglected or abused in any way. It’s just that his parents had different ideals in terms of what is appropriate affection for their son. Both had kept themselves at a distance and were involved with their own activities; so much so that Castiel sometimes felt he was raising himself. Mary Winchester, with her ability to make people feel good (feel
Dean shrugs his shoulders. “I was planning on leaving anyways.”
This couldn’t be real. He was in Hell. He
“Yeah, sure,” he replies. “I know a place that has some good pie around here if you want to stop in.”
“Yeah right,” he snarls. “Like you two weren’t planning on getting me back in the morgue just to kill me again. No thanks, I’m going to find Sammy, whether you like it or not. And I’m not going back with
“No, no. Of course, not.” Dean protests. Dean thinks Cas is wonderful, except for the part where the guy only wants to hang out with him because his brother isn’t available. That part pisses him off.
“Well hello there Orpheus and Eurydice. Sleep well? Nice to see you both awake and breathing,” he announces, the last part being an obvious dig at Dean. If there weren’t some moral issue with him being alive, he would keep on breathing just to spite Gabriel.
“We’ve already had the dog expert in today,” Mr Turner says, his eyes narrowing in suspicion. Castiel looks nervously at Gabriel, who pulls out a twenty-dollar bill and shit-eating grin.
“Maybe not a first, but Dean just needs time to get use to people.” Castiel looks doubtful. “Trust me, he likes you.”
“This Crowley, he’s the other half of Milton and-”
“I can’t believe you tried to convince Cas to seduce me with
“Sort of,” Castiel mumbles.
It only takes a minute for Dean to debate between leaving and staying. He has nothing better to do and Castiel is funny in his odd sort of way. Dean hasn’t talked this honestly with anyone in a long time sans Sam. The people he spends his time with prefer discussions of sports and cars, so this is a nice change for him. Plus, he could find out more about Cas and Sam’s relationship without it looking like he’s snooping.
Oh… oh.
“Don’t
“Hey!”
“I am ‘loose’ as you so put it.”
“And this is good news?”
“You knew when you zapped me that he would die?” Dean asks. Castiel nods. “Yeah, sorry, but I’m not suppose to be here. I was dead and I was suppose to stay dead.” Dean moves forward, reaching out to touch to Castiel.
He doesn’t see Dean Winchester watching him walk away.
The room falls silent.
Never in Dean’s life did he think he would be grateful for being back in some one-star motel room. Granted, he also never thought he would be raised from the dead by a dude who dresses like stunted, hotter version of John Constantine. Either way, a leopard-print theme motel room is better than his option, which apparently is being dead.
“I’ve just had a fight with Sam,” he states as Dean shuts the door. “Could I have a glass of water?”
“Yeah, yeah, I know who you are,” he chuckles. “What’s up, huggy-bear?” He can hear intake of breath on the other end. Apparently Cas hadn’t planned this far ahead in their conversation.
Sure enough, it’s Sam watching a band play and beside him is some tiny brunette girl.
The bitch was lying. She had to be. Sure they hadn’t parted on the best of terms, but a few years could have cleared the air between them. Plus, he had been dead and all, and he’s sure Sam would want to know how Dean’s still walking around.
Instantly, the hurt-puppy look is gone from Chuck’s face and Dean can hear him stutter out a ‘thank you’. Dean just shakes him off. Bobby might love the books, but if Dean had any say in the matter those books would have never seen the light of day.
“Go ahead, but he’s not my trainer,” Dean tells him. “Right now you need me and I’m not seeing any other choices.”
“Cas, the weather’s not really living up to what you were promising,” Dean yells, half-jokingly, although he’s pretty sure he’s been droned out by the sound of thunder.
Sam’s thankful that his lunch schedule has gone back to normal. He knows he’s been ignoring Cas lately, but what with this thing with Amelia and the fact that Jess is becoming more and more suspicious, well it was best for him to call it off with Amelia and focus on his relationship with Jess. The ending of their affair had been bitter, but on the bright side, Sam no longer felt like he was ignoring his best friend.
“Dean, may I ask you a question?”
Gabriel pushes past Castiel to the body on the right, pulling the sheet off with a dramatic flair.
“Like I said,” Sam continues with a shrug, “we have this connection. We can talk about anything, anything at all. I’ve never met a person so intelligent.”
“And what are your plans?”
Dean grimaces, “Lawrence, Kansas.”
Dean knows the signs — the constant glances at his lips, the offer of another drink, the way he laughs at all of Dean’s dumb jokes. The guy wants to get with him, and Dean, with Dad and Sammy both busy on a case, doesn’t mind that at all.
“Because I’m his brother!”
“Does he know?” Bobby signals to Castiel.
“Chuck does have an… unorthodox approach to writing. But I find he’s been really helpful.”
“I don’t know if I want to thank you for that comment or smack you.”
“Yeah, but I didn’t think you meant in that sense!” Sam gasps. Despite the initial hurt of being left of the loop for so long, Sam thinks back to his brother and Cas’s interactions for the last couple of years, and it makes sense. Why Dean was so hurt when Cas never answered his prays, every hostile action done by Dean when Cas is mentioned in conversation, Cas’s poor attempts to do right by Dean.
In which Westerns face multiple abuse, Castiel gets off on the wrong foot, and Dean shares pie.
Dean’s hands are right there, their finger tips are practically touching, and Castiel would do anything to be able to reach over and hold them, move forward and kiss Dean, just like he did the day of the funeral. Instead, he drops his hands from the table, and turns away. Dean looks hurt, but moves back too.
A hurt look flickers across Castiel’s face, and Dean can feel Cas’s hand pull away. He grips tighter, refusing to let Castiel part from him.
“I’m just saying, he’s
“He doesn’t know,” Castiel whispers quickly. “I never intended to hurt Mary Winchester, but I killed her by proxy. I need Dean to know that.”
The muttering stops, but Dean does not wake. Grabbing the blanket on the ground, he wraps it around his hand and shakes Dean. Through the blanket, he can feel a burning heat, so different from when Castiel raised Dean.
“Okay, use this,” he says, handing Cas a knife. The way the guy eyes it makes Dean doubt that Castiel can handle it any better than a gun.
“And you’re not going to tell us until you see your precious brother,” Gabriel sighs.
“If your apology always involves freshly cooked breakfast, I might try to rile you up more often,” Castiel grins. Dean blushes before he turns back to the stove.
“Mom!” Castiel hears Dean cry out. “Mom! Come on! Wake up! No, no, no, no, no, no, no.”
“So whatta say, Cassie? Care to join me on this case? I’m sure I could cut you in this time. Say 60-40?”
Right before him was Castiel’s ex- the guy who apparently taught Castiel everything he knows and had “opened Castiel up sexually”. Castiel must have been a virgin when he met Crowley because this dude looks like the sort of guy whose severely lacking in the bedroom department. If he weren’t in front of Bobby, Dean would have laughed out loud. Instead, he hides his smirk as he takes a sip of his wine.
He’s just stopped hanging out at the Roadhouse after work, and spends most of his time in his apartment watching TV (and telling people he’s unpacking) and ignoring his brother’s phone calls. He no longer goes out for lunch, instead he chooses to eat at his desk, or at least he did until Bobby got tired of seeing him there and forced him to eat lunch with him.
or something like that. Like true love’s first kiss.”
“What?” Sam yelps, not even trying to hide the betrayal in his voice. “Were you ever going to tell me?”
It sounds ridiculous if Cas puts it like that, but, yeah, Sam wants Cas to seduce Dean through the power of women’s underwear (preferable satiny ones).
“The Prophet Chuck knows about Dean’s love of women’s underwear?” Cas asks. “Do the books reveal any other useful information in regards to Dean’s sexual pleasure?”
“Hello?”
“Just you and me?” Castiel glances to Bobby, who is once again pointedly ignoring him.
“Bobby called you?” Dean says with surprise. His relationship with Bobby sometimes crosses the line of boss and employee, but never has Bobby called one of Dean’s friends.
“Cas, do you speak shell-fish?” Dean gasps. Cas just shoots him a confused look.
“Well, we both know that dogs can’t talk, so I need you to use your mojo and wake Missy over here.”
“I’m pulling out the big guns.” Castiel raises a questioning eyebrow. “Kali,” Gabriel says as if that’s an explanation. Kali had been Gabriel’s last serious girlfriend, which had ended in disaster like all of Gabriel’s hook-ups. It surprises him that Gabriel would have kept in touch with her.
“What?”
took a former angel lingerie shopping. It probably said more that Sam had briefly thought the idea was blasphemous, before brushing it off for the greater good (himself). All things considered, Sam never thought he would see Cas picking through a throng of frilly panties.
Castiel nods and continues to eat his burger, the look of doubt slightly clearing from his face. Now is the time to test the waters with an idea that Sam has been mulling over for the last couple of weeks.
“If it isn’t too painful for you, could you at least look at me when you’re talking about me?” Castiel growls. Both men turn to him and Castiel can see Bobby raising an eyebrow to Dean. He takes a deep breath. “I am aware of Dean’s past and his relationship to this case.”
, I’m going out there and brining back knuckle-head over there and you’re going to non-sexy touch him back to death, capiche?”
His brother raising an eyebrow at him.
If Balthazar replies, Dean didn’t hear him. He instead follows Castiel out.
“Dean,” Cast says roughly, stepping forward. “The only reason you can even talk to your brother is because of me. You can at least do me a favour and let me follow you on your inane quest to find him.”
“I’m fine,” he snaps back. “I just don’t like being humiliated in public, that’s all.” With that, he picks up the copy of Lydia’s book and storms out of the bar, missing the concerned look passed between Sam and Bobby.
“That’s so cool, man. So cool.”
“I bet you drive a Yaris,” Dean chuckles as he ducks into the Impala (thankfully he’s had time to fix her).
- and he’s reluctant to leave the guest bedroom. His head is still pounding from the information he had learned last night and it pains him to see the man that Dean has turned into. Never had he expected Dean to become this…
“I want some straight answers from you,” Dean says. “You got it?”
Bobby lets out a grunt. “Yeah, and then some.”
that people go to when they fight with their lovers, especially when it comes to Castiel. This sort of relationship is going to hurt him, but that doesn’t seem to stop him for letting Cas in.
“Don’t you have any friends?” Bobby mumbles as Dean joins him for lunch once again. It’s a dismal picture- the two of them crowded in Bobby’s office, but Bobby doesn’t like anybody and Dean has nowhere else he’s willing to be.
The house was in one of those eerie silences where you know someone is home, but can’t hear or see them. From the kitchen, Castiel smells uncooked beef and hears the drone of a commercial jingle from the radio. It’s just past 4:30; and usually at this time, Castiel returns home to the sound of pots clattering and his mother muttering to herself as she cooked while the radio blasts Top 40 hits and Oldies throughout the house. If it was a good day, these sounds would be punctured by the sound of his father’s typewriter clicking away. These noises were routine enough that the current silence is unnerving.
“Old habits are hard to break,” mutters Bobby.
“It doesn’t work like that. If I bring the agent back, someone else living will have to die in his place. Can’t you just stay alive?” he pleads.
For a second, Castiel swears that Dean is going to lie to him, but Dean swallows,  “It’s just weird, you know? Waking up and not being, you know,
“Well, you should know about impossible, Cas.”
Dean can practically hear the angels sing with that statement. It sounds like the perfect way to spend the night and going back to his empty (even more so, since he’s moving) apartment doesn’t have much appeal.
That smacks the smile off of Sam like nothing else. It’s hard not to feel bad for the guy Still, Dean has sat back and let Sam and his affairs dance alone, now it’s time for him to step in and give his brother some good-old older brother advice.
By this point, the entire block has gathered on the Winchester’s front lawn for this morbid show. A paramedic is kneeling next to Mary, shaking his head.
“Need a ride?” he asks. Castiel looks up quickly, his blue eyes widening with surprise. No man in his thirties should look so innocent. Dean swallows hard and waves his car keys at Castiel.
Castiel smiles at the scene, but can only watch with longing. He has always wanted to befriend the Winchester boys since his family had moved in, but he was stuck between the two of them in ages and at twelve the differences between them felt vast. Dean is taller than Castiel and has started to gain a muscular figure that marked the transition from the cute (but beautiful) boy to a promisingly handsome teenager. Next to Dean, Castiel is too skinny, too short. He can’t be near Dean without feeling hyperaware of his every action. He’s gawky and awkward in the way that Dean is graceful and athletic and Castiel did not need the constant reminder of that fact.
Dean lets out a low whistle as Sam hands him a beer. “That was-”
“He’s been with her too long, that’s all. He missed out on his slutty college years because of her and now he’s trying to make them up. He’ll get his head out of his ass and he’ll realize that Jess is the girl for him.”
“Why I am here?”
“I guess I am.”
“Not the whiny bitch part in so many words. I’m just summing up what he essentially told me. Now should we do what Winchesters and the Harvelles do best- drink and hustle pool.”
“No, but he did say you had the emotional range of a teaspoon.” Dean chuckles at that. “So you ignored me because you were afraid of getting hurt?”
“God no,” Dean chuckles. “Was wondering when you were going to get a clue though.”
“Yeah, well you’ve never had a shot gun pointed at your privates, have you?”
“Not human, not an animal? You’re kind of running out of options here,” Gabriel says. “Let me guess, was it Big Foot?”
“I guess I deserved it,” Castiel mourns as Dean searches the apartment for tissues. “I know I shouldn’t pry into people’s private lives.”
Also there’s the fact that Dean sort of likes the guy and doesn’t think his brother (as much as he loves his brother) deserves him. No matter what Dean is feeling right now, he shouldn’t get between Sam and Cas.
Where is he suppose to touch Dean to wake him? The face seems almost too intimate and the lips, which he especially wants to touch, seems even more so. The body is torn, barely human looking, but it feels wrong just to tap him on the arm, like Castiel does for every other corpse.
“Nope!” Gabriel gives Dean a pointed look. “Unless some former corpse comes forward and starts talking, he’s going to keep killing, and keep hurting people.”
He takes a step forward, making the strange man jump back.
“Bobby says that’s all he can find,” Sam shrugs. “Don’t know, sounds like you guys are off the hook this time.”
“Is that the usual custom for hunting lobster?” Cas asks with a slight tilt of his head.
Sam doesn’t say anything, just digs into the peanuts in front of him. They rest in socially acceptable silence until Sam decides to open his big mouth again.
It’s so easy to bring a stranger back to life; there’s no real emotional attachment, no feelings between them, no history that involves accidently killing their mother. That’s something that Castiel can only share with Dean.
Not only can Castiel bring the dead back to life, he can also heal them completely. This is another part of his power that he doesn’t understand, but for some reason all signs of decay and damage disappear at his touch. Now Gabriel is flirting with a dead girl, who just moments earlier had been so deformed they had almost vomited. Life is strange.
“You going to eat that?’ Dean says, mouth full of food, pointing at Castiel’s plate. You would think that would be a turn-off, but Castiel can feel himself growing hotter, his pants feeling tighter.
Castiel looks down and retches. “You lied,” he says turning his head. Great, now he’s looking at another corpse.
“Anyway,” Dean sighs. “That’s what we’re tracking. Demons.”
“Okay, it’s in. It’s definitely in the pot,” Dean states nervously. Cas has turned around and is looking at the fridge.
Dean watches Chuck slowly walk to the stage to take the mike from MC. Despite the fact the books were barely profitable, the turn out this evening had been huge, which had shocked both Dean and Chuck (although Dean thought it probably had more to do with the free beer rather than the love of pulp fiction). Just before the little announcement, Dean had seen Chuck chugging down a numerous amount of Purple Nurples that they were serving and he had to turn away from the mumbling and stuttering that Chuck considered a proper speech. Dean still has to stick around and answer questions, and he was now looking for a waiter who was serving cocktail weenies so he had something to make him look busy for Bobby.
“Hey, Vonnegut is not overrated!” Dean interjects. Castiel scoffs at that while Sam tries to hide his smirk. “While you’re at it, why don’t you add Steven Spielberg?” Dean snaps.
. He expected Mary’s death to harden Dean, like all deaths do when the young experience them, but he never thought Dean would turn into
“I used to work at Crowley and Milton, until I ended my relationship with Crowley, which made it rather unprofessional to work there. I had to switch firms.”
“Don’t touch me,” he accidently yells out. He can see the man from the counter turn his head in their direction.
“No, I do understand, but I’m not letting some Feds stop me from finding Sammy. He’s my brother, and he needs to know that I’m alive.”
It’s a terrible idea to keep Dean alive. Castiel knows this. He knew it when he watched the second hand tick past the minute and he knows it now that they’ve snuck out of the morgue together. Not only was Dean declared dead and his body was in prep for burial, he was also of public interest and the FBI were coming tomorrow- correct that,
“So let me get this straight, you’re…” Dean waves his hands around the general area of Aaron.
? I don’t know, Castiel, that kind of sounds like an abuse of your powers. Bringing back someone so that you can seek revenge on all those people who teased you in high school, seems kind of petty to me.”
“Yeah, I remember him,” she says, pushing a beer across the bar top. “Showed up two months ago. Here almost every night. Haven’t seen him in a few weeks though.”
“Hey, I don’t know,” he raises his hands to protest. “You are kind of on the brainy side. God knows what an intellect like you must think of me,” he says, half-joking, half looking to see what Cas says.
roam about his house. Dean, on the other hand, gives him a bright warm smile, the kind that warms the inside of Castiel and makes him feel that he is welcomed enough to sit down at the kitchen table. This smile is reminiscent of the ones that Castiel remembers fondly from their childhood. Yes they were rarely pointed Castiel, but none the less, they were the best kind.
Dean stands there stunned for a moment, unable to think of snappy comeback. The only thing he can think of is “oh, well you’re a oversimplification” and that’s just lame. Instead, he clears his throat. “I think we better get going.”
“And this girl, what’d she look like?”
,” she had told his father, who pats his wife’s hand, but otherwise is occupied with some papers he’s editing.
“Dean!” he hears suddenly, jerking him out of the bored trance he was currently in. He sees his brother rushing towards him, his tall figure causing the crowd to part.
Gabriel turns to Castiel. “Can I talk to you alone?”
“Tell him what?”
The thing is that Dean didn’t just baby Sam; he also babied Castiel, former angel of the lord and the third occupant of the Batcave. Dean’s approach to child-care was less the tender-loving sort and more the hovering/ yelling kind, which he applied to both Sam and Cas. Although Sam was use to this treatment, Cas was not and Sam had to watch poor Castiel suffer through Dean's attempts of caring for the last couple of months.
Castiel is no longer sure where he stands with Sam.
“More than I could ask for. So I talked to Cas,” Sam says, giving Dean a pointed look.
Castiel wakes the next morning in a strange place. He hasn’t slept anywhere else but his own bed in many years and he panic for a moment before he sees the figure of Dean sleeping next to him in the bed over.
“Jesus, Cas. You can’t say shit like that,” Dean mutters. He pats Castiel’s knee as he gets up and walks to his bedroom, slamming the door behind him.
“So what are you going to do for cash?” Sam asks carefully. “I mean this hasn’t been the first time you’ve been short, Dean. I could… I could lend you some.”
Castiel watches as Dean knocks on the front door and a young woman opens it. They talk for a moment, but by the shaking of her head, Castiel is certain that Sam is not here. The slam of the Impala door and the frustrated growl that comes from Dean confirms as such.
“I can explain,” he says meekly. “Although I am wondering what you,” he looks pointedly at Dean, “are doing outside of my apartment.”
“Like I said, I was tailing you,” Aaron replies, pushing a stein of beer towards him. “Gotta say, kind of didn’t expect it to go down that way, thought you might punch me for flirting with you.”
“Fuck,” he mutters, quickly jumping up from the park bench he is sitting at. “Fuck,” he mutters again when he sees his daughter bent over and petting a dog with a man wearing a trench coat holding the leash.
“Lace underpants, Cas?” Dean asks in a tone that says he’s trying to be subtle, but is actually anything but. Castiel nods. Dean vaguely gestures towards Cas. “Why are you wearing them?"
“You’re sure it’s the same guys you were tracking that killed you?” Gabriel asks.
“I don’t drive,” Castiel states. Awkward silence fills the car. Dean pushes away the urge to turn on the radio and blast music on full volume. Instead, they drive in silence until Dean looks briefly at Castiel, who is sitting stiffly beside him.
“Sam?”
Ruby scoffs, but underneath her contempt, Dean sees a flash of shock.
Castiel knows better than to argue with his cousin, so he slices Gabriel a piece of gooseberry and moves to a booth in the front of the restaurant.
“I just mean that since you and Cas fought, you’ve been kind of snappy. Bobby agrees with me.”
“You’re not allowed to spend a great deal of time with person and then ignore him, making him feel like a stalker every time he tries to contact you. I
“Then it’s
“Oh god, I’m sorry, I didn't mean that,” Dean rushes out.
“Whatever. I’m saying you need to get out of the house, visit your daughter more, focus on work and clean your goddamn apartment. I had to wade through the junk-food wrappers the last time I visited you.” Jo turns to her whiskey with a visible shudder. “You should also call Sam. He’s not in a great place right now either. I can’t believe you’ve ignored his phone-calls.”
“Well,” Dean chuckles. “Guess you’re stuck with me, Cas.”
Dean and Cas are in the kitchen of the Batcave with a floor that is littered with lobsters. Castiel had the bright idea of making a nice meal for Sam and Dean, which had led this predicament. Despite the fact that Dean has extensive knowledge in killing things, this knowledge did not extend to crustaceans and he was fearfully hopping around the room, trying to avoid their dinner. Cas is strangely calm and unbothered by the fact that their meal is running wild in the Batcave.
“Dean,” Castiel says.
He doesn’t say any of this to Dean, which is stupid because that was only reason he woke Dean in the first place. Instead he leaves for work.
“What?” His head begins to pound and the light is still too strong. Why is his neighbour here? What is his neighbour- someone he hasn’t seen since he was fourteen- doing in a morgue? Everything is so white, so clean. There’s a man in a beige trench coat standing before him and Dean was just in Hell.
Gabriel was the only reason why Castiel still uses his abilities, since Gabriel was the also the first (and only) person to know what Castiel could do. It had been entirely by accident- Castiel had watched Gabriel’s little Jack Russell terrier get hit by a car (by a driver who had refused to even stop) and had decided to save his cousin’s long time companion. Unfortunately, Gabriel had seen the entire thing. At first he had been shocked and horrified, but he quickly realized that he could use Castiel to do his dirty work. Just
“Awww, you hurt his feelings,” Henriksen teases.
“Kind of strange,” Dean laughs, “that I use to live next to a necromancer.”
“You mean Prince Charming over there brought you back to life, but he can’t claim his reward?” Bobby scoffs.
Dean reaches for his gun, but opens the door.
He re-enters the kitchen with a roll of toilet paper for Cas to use. Castiel doesn’t seem to mind this and he grabs it and starts blowing his nose with it.
Baby, of course, was Dean’s pride and joy- a 1967 Chevy Impala.
“Hope you like pancakes,” Dean says cheerfully. Of
has a penis. Turns out Sammy’s in love with his co-worker, this guy named Castiel. I’ve met him. He’s nice, but I don’t see why Sam would leave Jess for him.”
Dean stops and eyes the shorter man as he walks towards Uranus. Castiel waits patiently for Dean, turning to stare at Dean with an even more intense look. Dean shifts uncomfortably at this, because right now he just realized that he wants to kiss Cas and maybe take him behind Uranus and make love to him. He resists this primitive urge, because banging your brother’s lover is like five kinds of messed up. Instead, he shrugs his shoulders and moves to join Cas.
“No, Cas, no. We should have gotten steaks because they don’t have legs, they don’t run around.” Dean runs to get a broom so that he can poke the lobster out from its hiding place. Three minutes and one bruised rib (Dean’s) later, the lobster is freed from its hiding place and safely in Cas’s arms.
“I thought I would just sit here quietly,” Castiel replies sarcastically, although honestly, it’s not that far from the truth.
“You were talking in your sleep. Are you sure you’re okay?”
“Dean, I brought you back for entirely selfish reasons.”
“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to lose track of her. I just looked away for a second and she was gone,” Dean bumbles out. “Come on, Emma, we should leave the nice man alone.”
“I have better things to do than watch you strike out.”
The counter is covered with raw ground beef and fresh buns, which means hamburgers for supper- Castiel’s favourite. The radio, sitting on the window ledge that faced the backyard, blares Sam Cooke’s
Still, that didn’t mean Sam wanted to read about Dean’s, um,
“Didn’t think you guys would be so quick on my tail,” he tells Gabriel.
from his hands. Feeling blurry, he watches his mother place the comic on his desk before she bends down and kisses him goodnight. For a brief second, he feels the warmth of her breath on his forehead before he hears the sound of something heavy dropping to the ground.
“Hey Bobby, you ever heard of some chick named Ruby?”
, which was a “fictional” tell-all about their former relationship. Dean had tried to sue, but Sam said that since it was clearly stated that it was as a piece of fictional work, there was nothing they could do. Still, that didn’t mean Dean wanted his personal life read out at his favourite bar.
Castiel shakes his head, but moves into the kitchen. Dean shrugs at the refusal and leans against the counter, giving Castiel a mock toast before he brings the bottle to his lips.
Gabriel begins laughing on the other end of the line. “It’s always the silent type that attracts killers. Should’ve known you would have been friends with a few.”
To be fair, out of the three, Sam was the one suffering the most. Needless to say, Mr. Emotional-Constipated and Mr. Barely-Human-And-A-Super-awkward-One-At-That had a hard time talking about their feelings, especially their feelings towards each other. Despite the fact that they had been living together for three months, neither had confessed that they liked each other (more like, were totally in love with each other).
“I’m not gay,” he says kindly, but firmly.
“I killed his
“I mean it! I don’t want to talk about it, Cas! Maybe you should go to bed.”
“Do you often ignore the people you are in love with?” Castiel deadpans. Dean looks up, revealing a sheepish grin.
He tries to fall asleep, but every time he comes close to it, he wakes again in panic. He can feel himself slipping in and out consciousness; and every time he slips into slumber he can feel his limbs being sliced into, can feel the hot breath of whatever
Dean doesn’t quite understand until he sees Cas raise a hand. He reaches forward to touch his forehead, but pauses, drawing it back.
“So, have you talked to Castiel lately?” Sam asks like he hasn’t been planning on bringing up this topic all night. Once again, they have found themselves at their usual booth at the Roadhouse with two beers between them and an endless supply of bar food.
“You’re not going to study him like he’s some insect, Bobby,” Dean warns. “You’re not going to tie him in your basement and torture some facts out of him.”
“Shut up and eat your salad,” Dean retorts as he unwraps his sandwich. “Since when did you start caring about your heart?”
“A cousin who nearly got me kicked out of school?”
On saying that, it took a lot longer than Sam thought to convince Castiel that silk-panties would be in his best interest. Of course, Sam should have known better since Cas was probably the most literal of the angels.
The bar is dirty and dank, and Dean looks like he’s in heaven. It’s certainly his element, Castiel will admit- he hasn’t seen Dean look so happy and relaxed since, well, since before Castiel brought him back. Castiel doesn’t drink- just nurses a free beer that the bartender gave him in pity and sits quietly at a bar, watching Dean make his way around the room, flirting outrageously with the locals.
have a chance with Castiel, and Dean doesn’t know how to convey that through a text message.
“I don’t know Dean, I remember those
“Doing the horizontal tango with Sammy?” Bobby suggests with a smirk on his face.
“Could you pick me up some almonds while you’re out,” Sam says as he tosses the keys. Dean is too busy staring at Cas to see the flying metal object coming at him, and it hits him and falls to the ground. Castiel is the first to spring into action and he bends down to pick the keys up. Instantly the annoyed look on Dean’s face shifts, and he is instead staring at Cas’s ass. Sam follows Dean’s gaze to see a flash of lace peeking out of the black jeans that Cas is wearing before Cas straightens up.
“Yes,” Castiel reluctantly agrees.
Her eyes open up and she sits up.
me like you didn’t just Burke and Hare a serial killer so that you could have some boy-toy waiting for you at home. Do you know how stupid you are being? Are you in love with him? Cause this is Romeo and Juliet level of stupidity.”
Whatever Castiel expected from this Bobby Singer, he wasn’t expecting an old junkyard with a Victorian farmhouse in the centre of it. But it must be the place as the sign says “Singer Auto Salvages” and Dean starts grinning as soon as they turn into the driveway.
“Yeah.”
“Yeah, and why not?” Gabriel asks.
“Sorry, what? Did you say I’m dating Castiel?”
“You’re lying.”
Castiel lets out a bark of surprise, jumping back and away from his mother. He scrambles back, his back hitting the wall, which he frantically grabs for support. His mother looks around the room, eyes wide and confused.
“It probably won’t reassure you if I say that I’m not.”
Four days? It couldn’t have been four days. He’s been gone for
“Has Sammy mentioned that I’m emotionally an eight-year old?”
“Handsome young men?” Castiel teases.
“I wish,” Turner scoffs.
“Dean,” Castiel says quietly. “I would do anything to not have to do this.”
“Sam Winchester,” Balthazar says with the disbelief. “The big, tall one?”
Dean pulls up his sleeve, and to Castiel’s horror, cuts his forearm. Whatever this actions means, it calms Bobby down.
Sam turns red. “Bobby says that’s there’s an exception,” he coughs. “Apparently it’s irreversible if the two people share a…
“No, it seemed very derivative. Just like Chapman, but with none of the wit.”
“Give it back,” Sammy huffs, jumping up to grab the Batman toy. This only makes Dean laugh harder and raise the toy higher. To Castiel’s amusement, Sammy tries to tackle Dean. Dean, surprised by the action, topples over and the struggle for the toy becomes a wrestling match that Dean is clearly going to win.
Unlike the two Winchester boys, Mrs. Winchester-
There is a pair of blue eyes staring at him, that’s all he can tell.
Dean sits up.
“We need to catch them quickly- you say they kill monthly,” Gabriel protests. “You’re planning on doing work that takes the FBI years to do in just a matter of weeks. No can do, Dean-O. We need to find these guys.”
“Cas,” he whispers, leaning in towards him. “We’ve got to go. Sam’s outside.”
“He’s worried about you. It seems like you haven’t been returning his calls. Not that I blame you. Talking with him like defusing a time bomb with a butter knife. What’s got his goat?”
“Bees? You have bees?”
It’s not that he wants to die, not exactly. But he doesn’t really want to keep on living either. It’s shitty to Sam, but at this point, he doesn’t really care which way the pendulum swings. Most of the time, he’s living on autopilot, only really inhabiting his body when it’s getting hurt. Oh, he sure feels alive when knives stick out of his ribs and dead demons fall at his feet. When the adrenaline takes over and the beating of his heart fills his ears, when blood coats his tongue, and he doesn’t have to wonder what Cas’ tongue would feel like on it instead.
“Wait, you knew? How?”
Cas is wearing a full beekeeper suit, smiling shyly through the mesh.
The world is empty. It’s just the three of them and all the road the impala could ever swallow and absolutely no one else. And still no Cas. It’s like a bad dream, the last one in a life that seems comprised of nightmares. Chuck laughs at them, always just out of reach, always too powerful to be pulled down.
“You know who, dipshit. Castiel.”
He pulls back and cradles Cas’ jaw in his palms. He never wants to look at anything but the angel face, gazing up lovingly at him. And then he does what he’s been wanting to do for what feels like forever. He rubs his thumbs on Cas’ cheeks, marveling at the softness of his stubble, and kisses him. It’s nothing special, really. They're both smiling too hard for it to even really be a kiss. But then he kisses him again, and again, and all over his jaw and he nibbles at his neck, and Cas’ laugh fills his ears and Dean’s heart crawls up through his throat, curls up on his tongue and ends up between the angel's teeth. It’s where it belongs. Dean knows Cas will take good care of it.
“Oh Dean…” Sam pulls him into his arms again. “You really are a fucking idiot.”
“Can you tell me about them?” Cas asks, voice small and shy. So Dean does, or the ones he remembers. He relives every stabbing and gunshot, as Cas runs his fingers over the scars, applying a baulm over his whole being. He confesses, is absolved, forgiven and reborn all at once under his lover’s touch. He tells him about more than the pain though, tells him about all the stupid crazy adventures, tells him about Sam, tells him how much he missed him. He admits in a whisper the countless nights spent praying to an empty sky. Cas looks up at him with an adoring gaze, and Dean isn’t sure which one of them prayed harder.
It’s not like they don’t talk about Cas, exactly.They do talk about him, have a whole brotherly heart to heart about it all one evening. And there’s beers, and maybe even a few tears. They both terribly miss him, after all. But Dean keeps a distance. He doesn’t tell Sam about the words that cling to his heart. If he does, maybe they’ll feel real, and he’ll have to deal with them in another way than drinking himself to sleep every night. Or maybe, and that’s so much scarier: maybe the words will lose meaning, like glow in the dark stars when you turn on the light. Maybe Sam will say something smart, really smart, something that makes so much sense and puts everything into perspective and will take away this small sliver of magic and hope Dean is clinging to. Because maybe that's not the way Cas meant it (of course it is, fucking idiot).And then, there’s always the stare of his father on his back.
“Knock yourself out.”
“She does that to all my male friends,” Jo says with an eye roll. “Besides, I think you’re more worried about losing a good drinking spot,” she teases.
“I’m not asking you to trust him. I’m just saying, trust
“I know we can,” Dean snaps back. “And we will- tomorrow. I just need some time to… I need to think before I can face you. Just go to sleep.”
“Oh Sam,” Jo laughs as she joins the group. “It’s nice to see you here. Not surprised though.” She shakes hands quickly with Castiel.
“This is my assistant, Dean,” Bobby introduces. The man next to him shakes hands and looks over Dean like a butcher might look over cattle. The man doesn’t look imposing; he’s short, round, balding, and dressed entirely in black with the exception of a red tie. Still, there’s something about him that makes Dean wary of him.
“I think there was a reason that I found you after all these years,” he tells him sincerely. “That fate,” Dean scoffs, “or whatever brought me to you.”
, but he also places it in the back of his mind, something he can figure out later. Maybe once the world isn’t about to be taken over by ancient dicks, maybe when Cas isn’t, you know,
“Yeah, I did apologize for that,” Dean reminds him. “I mean aside from that, you’ve pretty much got the apple pie life. You went to college, opened up your own shop, you’re…
“Just my luck,” Dean mumbles.
Resigned, Dean sighs. “You heard Ruby. He doesn’t want to see me. Anyways, I’m going to be dead in a couple of days anyways, so why bother?”
“Surprise,” Dean states when the door opens. A short man in a baseball cap stands before them.
The ex that Sam was referring to was Lydia. They started off as a one night stand (
“Boy, he must be one of those runner zombies, cause he sure is fast.”
Cas pulls away, taking the sandwich-filled plate with him.
Dean blinks. “Sorry, did I just take the brown acid? Lucifer?”
“Hello, Dean Winchester speaking,” he says as he picks up.
Dean is turning red. Sam had warned that Dean wasn’t good with “emotional” stuff and Castiel could see how uncomfortable this conversation was making him.
?”she screams, turning to Sam.
“To hurt me? No, I didn’t really think you started out with the intention to do as such.” Dean can still hear the dog barking the background. “But sadly, that has been the result of our friendship. You made me think that you really liked me, that you really enjoyed my company. It may surprise you, but that doesn’t really happen to me on a regular basis. Anyways, any nostalgia I had for you is gone.”
“I’m sorry my brother’s a dick sometimes. I could try to talk to him,” Sam offers. Dean’s going to get it (along with Sam’s number one bitchface and his best lawyer/ brother rant) because Castiel doesn’t deserve to be treated this way. “But seriously, he can be pretty stubborn at times and if he doesn’t want to talk to you, he’s not going to talk to you. I would let up.”
And there’s the problem. It’s just so easy to defy natural order and Castiel knows that there are consequences for doing this. He’s lived it first hand.
Dean nods, looking down at the pancakes in front of him, not making contact. “Yeah, I mean that in the most literal way.”
Dean pales. “And the FBI has no leads?”
Ruby was the girl that introduced Dean to Sam’s other life. Ruby was pretty, feisty and also evil. She had racked up debt all over town, had several drug possession charges against her, and had a love of cocaine that Sam didn’t mind. Together the two managed to crash Sam’s car and end up in jail with a DUI, which Dean had to bail them out of. With Dean’s urging, Sam broke up with Ruby and they had told Jess that the accident had been caused by someone taking a joyride and all the charges had been dropped against Sam thanks to the fact they were friends with the sheriff. Ruby didn’t take their break-up well and there was some creepy-stalking afterwards that had resulted in Jo being recruited to help the boys deal with her. It had been an interesting and stressful time in their lives and Dean and Sam both owed Jo big time.
“Positive. It’s what your Fed friend said; they kill in twos, a female and a male pair, and make it look like some wild animal has had at them. And it’s part of some ritual. They only do it once a month and never in the same spot twice. Makes it almost impossible to catch- if you haven’t figured out their pattern.”
The light of early dawn hits them gently as they sit on the park bench. Dean can’t believe he spent the entire night out and if he wasn’t so stimulated by the conversation he was having, he was certain his eyes would be drooping. There’s an empty box sitting next to them, with two plastic forks in it and smear of leftover blueberry pie on the cardboard. Castiel’s dog is sleeping at his feet, a small snore escaping every once in a while. They get up to leave when the sun fully rises.
because secretly Bobby’s a softie and Emma has him wrapped around her little finger). If anything, Dean is now in a better place in his life than he has been in years.
“Your keys, Dean.” Castiel dangles them in front of Dean, who takes a moment to snap out of a panty-induced trance.
The demon, this Ruby, nods, looking darkly at him. Dean’s seen this look before- it’s pure hatred, although underneath he can see a glimpse of fear. This is good. He can use that for his advantage.
“Dean,” he calls out. “
Dean shakes his head. “Not until I get some part of my bargain. I want to find my brother. I need to talk with him before I go.”
Now, everything is so bright. He’d grown so used to the darkness, to not seeing anything but a blurry figure or two, that the light hurts his eyes. He was in chains before- he remembered the feel of hot metal on his wrists, how it hurt for him to move his arms.
Dean slams his hands against the driver’s wheel. Castiel would give anything right now to be able to reach over and comfort Dean. At moment like this, words are not enough.
“Castiel, what I am doing on the floor?” she asks like this is somehow his fault. She clutches her head as she gingerly rises from the floor.
He grabs a beer and turns on the Pay-Per-View (courtesy of Gabriel Novak) and settles down just as there’s a knock on the door.
“I work at Singer’s Publishers.”
“Dean-”
Bobby smacks him on the side of his head. “Idjit. Just keep an eye on him, okay?”
Dean leans back and nods. “Yup.”
for you, since you were the one who did the snubbing and not me. Now if that’s all you want, I think I would like to decline. Goodbye Dean. And please, don’t try to contact me.”
“How you feel towards him,” Sam prompted. Cas shoots another confused look at Sam, who replies with a frustrated huff. “I know you are in love with Dean.” (Everyone knows, Sam thinks). “It’s alright to admit it, Cas. I’m pretty sure that Dean feels the same about you. But if you’re waiting for Dean to admit it, forget it. Dean doesn’t speak emotionally-well balanced.”
STAYED DEAD!”
Dean nearly tips over his drink. “You’re having an affair? Another one?”
“Yes. Anyways, Chuck keeps telling me that I get into these situations on purpose. He says it’s what led to the situation with my ex-boyfriend.”
“So let me make this clear,” Dean raising his voice, “you and Cas aren’t an item?”
“Not ‘til you hit that table,” Aaron chuckles.
“I’m not following through with that. I thought you would have figured that out by now. I’m not going to kill you.”
“Dean,” Cas repeats, clearly amused.
Dean chokes at that piece of news. Beside him, Castiel turns a similar shade of red as Sammy.
“Jesus boy, did you and Sam’s cycles finally sync? You both been acting like the world’s personally out to get you.”
“For now, you’re free to speak, beg, and make as much noise as you want, but nothing stops unless you safeword, okay, sweetheart?”
“You did it on
“Um, you were in an accident. You knocked your head pretty good.”
“Yes. Please. I actually like these people. Well, not your dad and his wife so much, but the rest of them I like. And I like you and... I’d like your family to like me.” Cas’s eyes were open and seemed to be trying to will Dean to understand what he was trying to say without him having to say it.
“Did I give you permission to speak?”
“I’m not certain. It was almost as if he was encouraging me not to come back?” Cas shook his head. “I don’t know. He didn’t say that, but there were definitely moments when he seemed to be suggesting that I stay here.”
Gabriel’s head flew up and he looked at Dean like he’d lost his mind. “If she’s not yelling, there’s no
Cas’ words finally penetrated into Dean’s brain. “Uh. Yeah, let’s... lunch would be great. Um. It’s a little early, so maybe, I’ll go finish up a few things in my office and... if that’s... um.”
From the other end of the bunker they could faintly hear Sam call, “It’s about fucking time!”
“Ouch! Seriously, no sex for you, ya dick!”
Cas raised that one eyebrow again and resumed working open Dean’s pants. He gasped and his blue eyes dilated almost black as soon as he saw what was underneath.
Castiel frowned. “Are you... are you uncomfortable because you are disfigured in some way?”
, just like I told you already, even if they don’t, it won’t change how I feel about you, anyway. Got it?” Dean leaned in and kissed Cas for good measure.
Mary happily helped them get all the packages put under the tree and then they helped her bring dishes from the kitchen to the table. By the time they were done, Bobby and Jody had shown up—together, Dean noted with a strong sense of satisfaction—and they both pulled Dean and Cas into bone-crushing hugs before moving on to Sam and Jess.
(Unbeta'd, as per usual, so forgive me any grammatical transgressions or continuity errors if they exist. If there is anything glaring, gently tell me in the comments)
“Dude, you’re awesome,” Dean said with a smile.
"You ditched me," Dean said, as soon as he had breath to do so.
much,” Cas said, voice earnest and eyes still closed.
“Yes, I’m sure there are many of those in the porn you watch. Often more than one and with no involvement of other genitalia.”
Dean’s nipples weren’t particularly an erogenous zone, more ticklish than arousing, which thankfully Cas picked up on fairly quickly. Then Castiel was dropping further and pressing wet kisses to his stomach, his hips and his thighs. Cas was on his knees then, looking up at Dean, hands stroking up and down Dean’s thighs. He pressed a single kiss to the end of Dean’s erection, flicking out his tongue to catch the fluid gathered there. Then he gave a cheeky grin and hopped up.
Dean struggled to come up with an excuse, to make this awkward moment dissolve, so they could go back to being best friends and forget this terrible, friendship-destroying moment had ever happened. He tried to say anything at all, but he could only stare helplessly at Cas, tears forming in his eyes as he waited for rejection.
“Well, that’s enough chit-chat, you crazy kids, some of us have work to do!” Gabriel scurried back to the store’s office, out of sight.
“No, but seriously, I wanna hear about the massive—”
“You sure, sweetheart?”
“How come I’m the only one naked?” Dean asked, able to maintain his confidence and not feel vulnerable only because of how positively affected Cas clearly was by his body. “Doesn’t seem fair,” he said as he climbed onto the bed.
“Well, well, well, Mr. Winchester. I have to say, I am impressed. When I met you in this courtroom three months ago, I was not sure if we would make it this far.” He shuffled some papers. “You have exceeded all my expectations, son. I hope that in the future, I will not see you in this courtroom unless you plan to become an attorney.”
“There,” Castiel told him, pointing to the house where he normally lived.
“Tell me, Dean. You’re fairly kinky. Ever wanted to have sex with a Smurf?”
“So, the first reason I have asked you here is because I would like you to work with me on the project. You have the know-how—or I believe you are smart enough for me to teach it to you. You also managed to interact with me in a manner I found pleasant, and without my offending you.”
! An adorable little Amish Cas in his suspenders, drinking hot cocoa, which you will see at the beginning of the chapter :) I LOVE IT!!! Thank you so many, you beautiful creature!
Dean denied the twist of jealousy that burned in his gut at the thought, but he couldn’t stop his mouth from reacting on his behalf. “Dude, stereotyping much? They’ll think you’re trying too hard and make you in the first ten minutes.” He looked at Cas. “No dude, straight or gay, could be that into yoga.” Dean didn’t actually believe that at all, but if it meant that he and Cas got to pretend to be a couple instead of Sam and Cas, he’d say almost anything.
As they lay in bed, Cas rolled his head to look at Dean with fond exasperation.
Like Castiel, he had known far too many men like Dean’s father. Ready to kill them on sight, without a single thought to whether they had actually done anything aside from not being human.
“Cas,” guy-Xena told him, shaking the extended hand firmly. “It’s a pleasure to make your acquaintance.
"Heya, Steve. I've been really good." Dean's smile was obvious in his voice. "Met a great guy. Moved in with him."
“It’s... Biblical.”
Deanna got into position and
To his left were the girls who had been fawning over Cas and they were still shooting him glances and whispering to each other. Occasionally a giggle rang out. Dean smirked, but did not engage them in conversation. Cas sat, oblivious to their attention. Dean wondered if he really didn’t see or was choosing to ignore it.
"We would need to increase the flour to compensate for the moisture."
“Oh. Wow, that’s fast. Awesome, Sam, thanks for letting me know.” He covered the phone and relayed the information to Cas.
Dean was almost certain for a moment that a witch had cursed him because time seemed to stop and then resume again at a very reduced speed. He turned to Cas in slow motion, expecting Cas to be looking away, shy and embarrassed, but instead those blue eyes were boring into Dean's as soon as he made eye contact and time caught up all at once.
“Uh—”
They kissed for what might have been minutes or could have been weeks. Dean really didn’t know or care. All he knew was that finally,
"—tell him, then I will. He's going to figure it out, the very next time he looks at that letter, so you may as well confess. Do you think we're stupid?" Sam asked, causing Dean to frown in confusion.
As they walked back downstairs and outside, looking only slightly disheveled considering what they’d been getting up to, Dean looked around at his friends and family and then at Cas. He was grateful for miracles.
“Dean, it isn’t as if we didn’t know this day would come. It’s just coming a little earlier than expected. It will be better for both of us if we don’t drag it out.” Still he spoke in that same dull voice, with no feeling in it whatsoever.
You: *orders smut*
“Yeah, well, that was true when we were still together, wasn’t it?” he asked softly. He clearly his throat before Cas could say anything and started speaking again. “You got any questions before I go?”
There is another chapter to come. Excuse typos, as I wrote this entirely on my phone.
“Make me a list.” he said, shoving down his disappointment and turning back to his burgers to put the conversation—and latest rejection—out of his mind.
“Mmm, Dean. Help me, please,” Cas whispered, stepping even closer.
Based on prompts by
"Got a phone call."
"We aren't even married yet."
“Then don’t get on that fucking plane, man.”
“All righty. Well, how many of you are there?”
“Let’s,” Cas, the snarky bastard, replied.
Cas laughed at him and wrapped his sandwich before placing it in the bag next to Dean's. Watching those blue eyes crinkle with laughter, Dean's heart gave a little flutter. He shifted the food bag out of the way and slid toward Cas on the bench, wrapping an arm around his shoulders. As they sat and watched the water in silence for a while, Dean kept stealing glances at Cas, still having a hard time believing he was here. Remembering what had brought them to this moment, he reflected that maybe kale wasn't so bad after all*.
Obviously moved, Jacob’s “Thank you, Castiel,” was very gruff. They sat in silence for a few minutes and then he said, “I’m thinking of leaving the village, too.”
“Wait.” Cas put a hand on his arm and guided him to the couch, making him sit once they got there. “Let me—”
“Doesn’t matter, Cas. I promised you, if you woke up, I wouldn’t be mad about anything.”
“I’m gonna grab something out of my car right quick,” Bobby said, walking away.
Dean laughed. Castiel was not a typical fanboy at all. “No, gorgeous, I don’t mind.” Dean scratched his head, embarrassed. “Uh, listen, since there are still so many people outside, I have to hide in a speaker box. You should probably join me.”
,” Cas repeated irritably. “Look, you’re hot for me and that’s fine. It’s reciprocal, just FYI, but the guilt you’re feeling over it? That’s distracting as hell.” When Dean said nothing, Cas continued. “I get it, your brother doesn’t know and you’re scared. Trust me when I tell you he doesn’t care.”
He pulled back, holding Cas face in his hands and studying it for confirmation. Cas smiled and it was the most beautiful thing Dean thought he'd ever seen.
“I don’t mind,” Cas said, still lost back in his head.
Dean reveled in the deeper growl Cas gave at that. He'd never been desired this much, and he sure as hell hadn't ever wanted anyone this badly. He needed Cas inside him as soon as possible or he was going to lose his mind.
He hadn’t planned on it, but they wouldn’t have to pay for hook-up, just the monthly service, so it wouldn’t be a big expense. Cas was making more at Bobby’s than they’d expected, anyway, so he was carrying his weight on bills. Dean was able to start saving up for the time when Cas was gone.
“When the first man arrived, I was confused. He had some sort of drum in his hands, but that wasn’t the weird—”
issues.” A hint of a smirk played at the corners of his mouth. “Probably because of his overbearing father.”
Dean’s laugh was loud enough to draw stares from the people milling around the village. Cas frowned. “I am sorry I’m not well-versed in your slang words, Dean.”
They did as instructed and Dean felt nothing but relief when he returned to his normal form—until he remembered he was still supposed to talk to Cas.
It was disconcerting when Dean was so insistent about his birthday festivities, but Cas knew he had to brush him off—even if he would have loved nothing better than to spend an evening drinking and having fun with Dean and his friends. He had a commitment he couldn’t afford to break if he wanted to keep paying his rent and he also couldn’t afford for Dean to know about it.
“What? No. I’m not angry with you, Cas, I promise,” Dean assured him.
Cas continued to watch them interact as she forgave him for his teasing and hugged him goodbye. He still didn’t know if Dean was interested in him, but he was certainly pretty to look at. He hastily dropped his gaze as Dean turned and headed his way once more.
Cas frowned. “Most of the time I don’t think about it, but no, not particularly. Why? In case you hadn’t noticed, the island is a little short of razors.” He smirked.
“What?” Dean asked, blinking as if coming to.
“MH—? Whatever. Um, it’s Dean. And you’re....” He squinted down at Cas’s name tag. “Cas. Cool. I’ll just go pay for this and meet you back here in a few, okay?”
Dean didn’t look to see if the smirk he thought he could hear was actually visible on Castiel’s face.
The instant Dean’s fingers latched onto the last pie on the display case, a second set of fingers grabbed the other side.
Dean never got to find out how he felt, as his orgasm started at the same moment that Cas let out a groan and his thrusting became faster and more erratic. They rolled their hips together in a frenzy as both chased release.
“Hello?”
Dean found that round two of sex with his best friend was even better than round one. He couldn’t wait for round three.
Cas looked upset for sure this time. “Oh, I don’t—that is, I have plans. I’m sorry.”
"Uh, h-hey, Cas." His brain tripped on itself. "Wait. Cas? Not Cassie?"
Dean missed his parents’ answers, as he imagined a life without Mom, Dad or Sammy. He didn’t like to think about it. He hated to think about this other kid who’d never had a brother and now had no parents, either. There was no choice, really. Plus, he could use another friend.
"So fucking good," Cas agreed.
Cas was smiling when they hung up.
He saw Cas flinch, but rather than making him stop, it spurred him on. He needed to lash out, to wound as he had been wounded.
“But you’d have no idea what time. I could have been hours yet!” Cas protested.
Cas responded to that by grinding their erections together in a way that had Dean moaning.
Sam, who’d been sitting next to him on the couch when Dr. Barnes called, reached out a calming hand to his shoulder. His eyebrows were drawn together and the corners of his mouth looked like they were melting. Dean noticed all of that instead of what the doctor was telling him.
She just rolled her eyes and stomped back toward the front desk, ever the mature adult. Ever since she'd hit on him and he'd gently rebuffed her, she'd been hell to work with. It wasn't great, but what could he do? She was Bobby's niece and—normally—decent at her job.
“Later, I’d like to take my time with you. Open you up and make you scream and beg for more, until you’re flushed and sweating and incoherent.” Castiel was sweeping his gaze over Dean and stroking his cock languidly the whole time he spoke, making Dean’s own cock ache with need. “But it’s been too long and you’re too beautiful. I won’t last long this first time.”
Cas stepped into view, though Chuck had by now sensed imminent drama and had ducked behind his laptop to appear unaware of his surroundings.
“In that case, yes, I would like to borrow your survival knife and I promise to be nice to your dick.”
“Nope! No, stop, stop, it hurts.”
(hover for rough translation) ♥
She nodded. “I assumed, but... anyway, that’s good. Do that as much as you can. I’m not promising you a miracle here, or even telling you one is likely, but... we have to allow for the possibility of one, is what I mean to say.”
“Wow. That seems like it could suck, especially when you’re dating.” Dean’s facial expression seemed to indicate an “aha!” moment. “That’s why you didn’t tell the cowboy to fuck off right away. You were trying to tough it out, see if the immersion would work.”
Come say hi! Dimps needs some lovins. ♥
"Lunch sounds good. We could do take out? Go to the park? Give us more privacy that way."
It was too dark to see his face, but Dean could tell the little shit was smirking at him.
“Ah, well, their bosses owe my boss some money and they think if they capture me, they can use me as leverage.”
“Hey, Cas?” He felt a little shell-shocked.
Cass stared into Deanna’s eyes for a long time, which wasn’t unusual. What she said when she stopped was a surprise, however.
As Dean made his phone call, Castiel reflected that he was enjoying his time with Dean, perhaps more than was wise. He was inexperienced, but he recognized in his reactions from the day behaviors like those of the other boys his age when they were interested in courting one of the girls. He had never experienced physical attraction to anyone, but he was sorely afraid that was what he was feeling for Dean.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Drawer," Dean said.
have i appeased the smut-needy now? tell me all the stuff ♥
It was hard to say whether he enjoyed sucking or being sucked more, but Dean was willing to invest in further research. Sinking into Cas’s heat was one of the best feelings, ever, but the taste and smell and weight of his cock on Dean’s tongue was pretty high up there too.
He reflected that he would need the practice. Once his rumspringa was over, he’d do nothing but wait when it came to Dean. If Dean even wanted to continue to visit him or have Castiel visit, that was. Cas did not want to think about the time when Dean was no longer in his life everyday. It was a pain that did not bear thinking about. It was inevitable, so there was no use borrowing pain from the future.
It was a hard choice and one Castiel did not relish making. The week after his visit to Gabriel was plagued with internal struggles and debates that he tried his best to hide from Dean. He put on a happy, positive face and pretended that the idea of losing either his way of life or the love of his life was not a physical pain in his chest that left him breathless more often than not.
“Yours,” he managed to croak out as he finished the rest of his beer in a hurry. He slapped some bills on the bar and gestured for Cas to lead the way.
Dean was on his feet in an instant, holding a hand out to Cas.
“I’m. Bi
“Do I have to go to church and all that?”
“And how old are you, exactly?” Cas asked with a small smile and a raised eyebrow.
“Dean!” Mary admonished. “It’s ‘Cas and me.’ And hurry up. I’m starving. You two can make out later.”
The rest of the day had been one cluster fuck after another, including having to wait until five-thirty—a full six hours after he should have eaten and an hour after he should have been able to leave for the day—to have his lunch and culminating in almost spilling that lunch on himself. Instead of his lunch, he’d somehow managed to upend half a bottle of correction fluid all over himself.
“Do you trust me?” Dean repeated.
When Dean came to, he realized he was handcuffed to a pipe on one side and some guy on the other. He groaned as he lifted his aching head and did his best to look around. The back of his head throbbed where he’d apparently hit it when the chloroform made him collapse.
“Oh.”
Dean dealt with his feelings, as he usually did, with humor. He turned around again, splaying open his legs and making sure the robe showed most of him.
“No! If it lands on a guy, I have to kiss him too. And Dean’s straight and he’s cool with this, right Dean?”
“Shut up, Charlie,” Sam said, but he smiled at her, even as his blush deepened color again.
They sat in silence for a little while and then Dean said, “Thanks for…you know, looking into all of that.”
“His care for me is strictly platonic!” Cas said, some of his earlier anger and bitterness returning.
Gabriel stepped up closer to Sam, somehow managing to appear taller than he had been only moments before. “You’ll wanna watch the insinuations you make about my baby brother, Sam-o. I find I’m not in the mood for boundless accusations against my kind today.” The smile never left his face the whole time he spoke, but his eyes lit up blue and the effect was enough to make Sam stop talking.
“Goodnight, Dean. See you in the morning.”
He got all that done and also hung the kettle to boil water for coffee, cocoa or maybe hot toddies, whatever Cas decided he was in the mood for. Dean considered starting to get dressed, but he figured it was better to wait for Cas to get there. He might want a few minutes to rest before they went back out and Dean didn’t want to sweat and risk hypothermia.
“I suppose I should go,” Cas said once Gabriel was tucked up into the couch.
“Works for me!” she called over her shoulder, already heading toward the scantily clad girl across the room.
Cas couldn’t help smiling back. “Yes.”
Wanting to ease some of Dean’s suffering, Cas shrugged and said, “I don’t give a shit,” as solemnly as he could. He blushed the whole time, but he did not stammer.
Sorry this took so long! Life has been chaos.
“Dean, I have been instructed to confiscate your cell phone. If you need to make a phone call while you are here, Castiel can show you where the phone is. I will allow you to write down your contacts, if necessary. We understand that this week will be difficult, so we do not begrudge you your time speaking with friends and family. However, after this week, please use the phone sparingly, as we do not make a lot of English money with which to pay high phone bills.”
In spite of the audience they’d drawn, Cas dragged Dean’s face to his own and kissed him like there was no tomorrow. When they pulled apart, Dean was smiling, but then he frowned.
“Okay, then. Sorry if I fucked up your shirt.” He rubbed the end of his nose. “Kinda sensitive about being called stupid.”
He pressed a third finger into himself and that sent Castiel’s thrusts into overdrive. He was bucking against the back of Dean’s thighs now and that alone brought Dean closer to his orgasm. When Dean added a fourth finger, basking in the feeling of being open like that, Castiel’s gaze finally shifted. He looked straight into Dean’s eyes as he crested, mouth falling further open on a cry. As he started to spill his release all over Dean’s cock and stomach, he bent down and kissed him.
Dean, it seemed, was hellbent on making Cas as uncomfortable as possible, probably to stop them from curing him of being a demon. Every time Sam turned his head, Dean made a suggestive face or rolled his hips. Sam, thankfully, seemed oblivious to Cas’s discomfort and Dean’s obvious state of arousal.
“There you are, Sam. I need to speak with you.” Cas had his nose buried in a book, so he wasn’t even looking at him when Dean looked his way. “I fear the Beast curse affected my grace more than we thought.” He looked up and gave a bitter little laugh. “You know I can’t even see your soul right now?”
They both sat on the couch, and Cas leaned into Dean’s side in a way that was somehow both slightly familiar and wholly new from what they normally did. They sat together, yes, and were often touching, but there was more weight behind it from Cas. As if he normally held himself back. It made Dean a little sad to think that.
That was all it took.
have feelings for the guy. Look how good it is for you too, loving each other, working side by side like this. It’s fucking romantic, man. Gay love is the best, am I right?” He caught sight of Harry Not-Spangler and gave them a cross between a smile and a grimace. “Gotta go.”
"No, he's handsome and kind. And funny." Cas sighed. "I've screwed this up, haven't I?"
Cas smiled. “Yes, Dean, we can get naked now.”
“It’s a mistletoe crown. Charlie made it for me.”
Dean stood there, stunned. He had so many questions, but he couldn’t form a single one.
“No. Gabriel can be a little... I think the word Balthazar used was ‘extra.’ However, by his own account, he only indulges in ‘the fun’ deadly sins. From what I know of him, that leaves off wrath, envy, sloth, and greed.”
“I won’t try anything, I promise. I just wanna sleep next to you. Is that okay?”
. Enjoy.
This went on throughout their time in line, as more people walked up and greeted Cas. Several of them were females who were obviously aware of how good looking the guy was and wanted to lock that down, Amish-style. Dean barely held in his grin. Cas wasn’t interested in any of them, as far as Dean could see. He certainly didn’t spare any of them a smile—though they all tried to get one.
Deanna was a little worried about what had Cass so nervous, but whatever it was, they’d deal with it together. Unless of course Cass had done something shitty, in which case, that would suck. Didn’t really seem like Cass’s style, though. Deanna considered herself a pretty good judge of character.
afraid of feelings?” Dean mocked.
“Dean, you did what you thought was best. You made a difficult choice and no one could fault you for it except an idiotic system that would rather put you in harm’s way with strangers than leave you caring for each other on your own.” Cas’ voice remained quiet, but it was vehement. He was angry and not at Dean.
"Hey, Cas, what's on your list?"
Dean was already more than sick of the royal we and he wanted to punch Mortie in the nose. Cas, on the other hand, seemed fascinated. Dean scoffed. Dude was an angel. Shouldn’t he know better than this horseshit?
“My brother.”
You know, this whole time, one of the reasons I hadn't started posting this, even though I wrote it back in fall of 2014 was that I thought I remembered writing a second chapter, possibly a third, but my file ended just after the end of the chapter I'd already posted. And I couldn't find another file. So I finally decided I'd just write a new ending, maybe try to remember how I'd written it the first time. Then tonight, as I was sitting down trying to do just that, I realized, that, yes, I had
Dean chuckles, “I think your stomach has another say in that matter,” he grins before ordering two burgers. The waitress leaves before Castiel can even protest.
Sam looks surprisingly okay when Dean knocks on the door of his brother’s house. His eyes are red and he has a fair amount of stubble, but he doesn’t look like he’s been drinking and crying for two days straight.
Castiel doesn’t have much to add, except that he went to school for accounting, but had minored in religious studies, a topic of true interest to him. He had stumbled into the idea of opening his own pie shop after his roommates’ compliments about his stress baking.
“My dad,” Dean mumbles. Sam looks to his brother, lines of worry appearing upon the younger boy’s face.
Castiel lets out a low chuckle, “Chuck tells me I shouldn’t get involved with these kind of situations.”
“The serial killer?”
When he enters the kitchen, he finds Dean Winchester attempting- or rather succeeding- at cooking breakfast, with a big smile on his face as he flips a pancake. It appears that despite the early disturbance, Dean has slept well.
“When you say feelings, what exactly do you mean?”
Castiel nods and looks over to Jo. “How about you?”
“Because it wasn’t human.”
“You think so?”
“Let me leave?” Dean sputters. “
Castiel lets out a yelp before he jumps back.
It was in a crowded booth at the Harvelle Roadhouse Bar that Dean Winchester discovered that his brother was having an affair.
gazes you gave Doctor Sexy whenever you watched that show,” Sam says between laughs.
“Yeah, and what’s that?” Dean grunts, sitting himself up on the bed. Castiel looks quickly over to Sam, his eyes wide.
“A big romantic gesture,” smiles Sam. “Something that is so obvious that even Dean will notice.”
Gabriel’s eyes light up at that. “What, no missing posters? Nothing on the news? He’s a good-looking corpse, scratch marks aside. Someone’s gotta be missing him.”
“Frankenstein was the creator, Gabriel, not the monster-”
,” Dean chants. It’s really a simple summoning spell with a few tweaks to it and it’s guaranteed to work.
The man is mauled in a similar fashion to Talbot. His face is torn in half by what looks like a large animal claw and the rest of body is marked with angry red gashes.
“Did you?” Jo asks, trying to break the tension caused by that exchange.
The low murmuring immediately stops when Castiel enters the kitchen the next morning, and he is greeted by a cold hello from Dean. He had expected this and honestly would have been surprised if Dean acted otherwise.
“Funny, he never mentioned you.”
“Dean Winchester, you better be ready to go out in ten minutes,” Jo announces on the phone. “My shift just ended and I have been told that someone here needs a little cheering up.”
“Bobby is working on that.”
Sam looks down at his coffee cup. “I got a call from Bobby. He found something about Castiel- something good, he says.”
“Dean,” he hears Castiel call out, before he feels a cold shooting pain in his back before it begins to burn.
“So Sam told me about your relationship. You guys serious?” Dean asks as they wait for their pie at the counter of the small diner. It’s nearly one in the morning and they make up half of the patrons that are present. Castiel stands next to him with his dachshund in his arms, not paying attention to Dean. “Hey, Cas,”
“Well I do,” Dean says, tossing the manuscript to Chuck. “I don’t know how I’m going to market it without saying what brings our main character back from hell.”
“Ah, you know how much I hate footwork. Why go through the hassle of interviewing suspects who don’t want to talk or family members who are bent on crying, or breaking into houses for a slip of evidence when I can just hear it from the victim’s mouth? Come on, it’s not that hard for you. You just have to tap someone on the shoulder and get in the info.”
“Yeah, but I don’t think readers are going to buy that. They’ve been waiting three years for you to continue writing this series and they’re getting angels. Not only that- angels who are dicks!”
“Having a good time?”
“He’s going to be causing us tons of trouble. I can’t believe that Castiel went out with that creep. I mean, when Cas described the guy I was thinking he was six feet tall, muscular and dark haired sex god.”
“That’s sick, even for her,” Dean mutters. Castiel looks anxiously at him. “Well, this is just great.”
“He sounds like a dick to me.”
“If you behaved yourself, we wouldn’ve gotten some answers,” Bobby tells him. “If you wanted to find Sam, you probably should have stayed on her good side.” Bobby moves to his desk, pulling out trinkets and papers from in it. He pulls out some metal contraption, placing it on the desk. “Lucky for you, I know a spell that can track demons. I’m betting Sam’s where Ruby’s at. If you hadn’t gotten your panties in a twist, we would’ve had the advantage of not having an angry demon warning Sam about us. Hopefully, we can locate them before they move again.”
“Dean! I told you all about him the last time we hung out! Remember at the bar with Jess and Jo.”
“Think this is where they are?” Dean asks, turning to Castiel with a grin. The poor guy is staring at the bodies. “Don’t touch them, don’t need a zombie army of demons running around.”
“Where does he get off dissing Westerns?” Dean rages as Jo passes out coasters. “Also, where were you guys when he was abusing Eastwood. You both love him.”
“You do have a chance,” Castiel says carefully. “I mean, once we find the people who killed you and Sammy, you don’t
“No can do. ‘Fraid little Cassie here has some explaining to do. Isn’t that right… Cas.”
Although it doesn’t totally excuse Dean’s previous behaviour, this declaration certainly does explain it. It also makes Castiel feel a lot better about himself since he now knows that it wasn’t a fault of his that caused this problem.
Castiel’s not really sure what Dean means by this. But the look that Dean is giving him right now tells Castiel to drop the topic.
He reaches over for a plastic bag that holds all the man’s earthly possessions and dumps it on the table. Out spills what appears to be a collection of IDs. Gabriel begins shuffling through them with a passing interest. All the pieces have the man’s face on them.
“Um… hi, Cas, this is Dean…” He waits for Cas to reply but there is nothing.  “Um… Dean Winchester,” he clarifies.
“So could at least tell me what’s going on?”
Castiel nods. “Of course.”
“Jesus, when did you get into such a good mood,” Dean snaps. “The last week or so you’ve been a total bitch to talk to.”
“Is it serious between the two of you?” Dean repeats.
Dean looks around quickly, trying to figure a way to one up them. Gabriel has left his jacket on the couch and by one quick pat down tells him that Gabriel’s wallet is in there. Grabbing that, a pair of sunglasses, and an ancient looking cell phone that looks like Castiel probably never uses, he books it out of there.
“Here, give him to me,” he says taking the lobster gingerly from Cas. The lobster turns to Dean and starts snapping his claws at him. “Cas, get the lid,” he screams (although he’ll protest later that he didn’t). Cas snaps to it and in a frantic motion, Dean
Slipping out of the covers, he sits at the edge of the bed, glancing over to Dean, watching his back rise slowly and peacefully.
“So you have killed things-
But when they exit the bar together and Dean leans over and kisses the guy, he gets smacked in the face.
“He’s bluffing, Castiel, he doesn’t know anything. He’s just playing you so that you don’t zap him before he sees his younger brother.”
Now he’s alone on a beautiful Sunday afternoon with nothing to do. Sam and Jess have gone up to visit her parents for the weekend, Jo has a date that Dean’s suppose to cover for her to her mom, and he’s kind of stopped the whole one-night stand thing after Emma was born. Basically, he’s stuck in his apartment, which is the middle of being packed up so that he can move. The collection of cardboard boxes and empty shelves is an even lonelier sight and Dean’s itching to get out of there.
“No Cas, you didn’t.” Dean shakes his head. “It had to be some spell or something demonic. She just dropped dead. It couldn’t have been you.”
“Well, just zap him back and let me die. That should sort out natural order.”
They drive in silence. It’s a reluctant one on Castiel’s part and a stubborn one on Dean’s. The thought that they’ll be spending the next seven hours like this is unbearable, but every time Castiel opens his mouth, Dean reaches for the radio dial, turning it up so that Castiel can’t even think, let alone speak. This continues until Dean announces that they’re going to take a break and pulls into an ancient looking gas station.
Then there is nothing.
“They just moved in two weeks ago- said the house has been sitting empty for a year or so. Said they heard nothing. Pretty much wasted a day on this.”
Now he has time to collect himself. He’s without his wallet and phone, which are still in police custody. He’s tried all of Sam’s phone numbers that he can remember, but doesn’t get through. Dean’s not surprised by this. After their big blowout, just before Sam went to Stanford, Sam had deleted everything and switched phones, cutting off any attempts for them to reconnect. So now Dean’s only hope is Bobby, who sure as hell knows he’s dead.
“I’m fine, Dean,” Castiel says, finishing off his beer “If you want to head off with that attractive man you’ve been flirting with for the last half an hour, I don’t mind.”
“Milton and Crowley,” Dean ends. “Yeah, I’ve heard of you.”
Castiel has seen more dead bodies than he cares to admit. The numbers have been steadily increasing since Gabriel pushed him into cases and the bodies have begun to blur in his mind. This always seems sad to Castiel. They were once people who had lives and families, likes and dislikes. But it had been best to distant himself from the bodies he brought back for a few seconds; otherwise he would never be able to send them back to whatever they had came from. Despite this, right now there’s one body that is occupying his thoughts- and it wasn’t even one that he had raised from the dead.
“On the contrary,” Castiel responds, glancing at the clock. To his surprise it’s already 11. As a baker he rarely sleeps in past 7. The events of yesterday must have really tired him out for him to sleep so long. “Have you heard anything about Sam yet?”
Castiel nods. Dean is too busy staring at Cas, repaying him with the lustful looks that Cas has been passing him for the last couple of months.
There are plenty of reasons, Castiel wants to say. She probably had last wishes or things she wanted to tell her family members. It’s Castiel’s duty to hear the dead’s last rights.
It is almost as if Sam has summoned his brother as Dean enters just minutes after Sam states this.
“Sorry about your boyfriend,” the bartender says sadly, picking up the empty glasses.
“No offence taken,” Dean scoffs, ending the call.
“Man, I haven’t had any homemade pie in years. Not since my mom died.”
in, touch the dead broad, and ask her who wacked her. Easy-peasy!”
Sam comes running out of the Winchester’s house, rushing to Dean’s side. The neighbourhood has been swallowed by a horrible silence, with the expection of Dean, who keeps calling out for his mother, his voice cracking each time he repeats it.
“I’ll take that as a yes,” he says, grabbing a flask full of holy water off of Bobby’s desk, splashing it at the demon’s face. Her smirk drops as few droplets hit her face and she begins to scream and cry out in pain. Across the Devil’s Trap, Castiel surges forward, only to be stopped by Bobby.
Gabriel seems to sense that Castiel is going to give in and begins to beg. “Oh come
“Yes, the serial killer,” Castiel huffs, “but also my neighbour. The Winchesters lived across from me for a bit when I was a child, if you remember.”
Castiel nods. He had spent a great deal of last night trying to wrap his head around the fact that there’s another world that he’s never experienced or heard of. He feels strangely calm about this- like this just confirms what he’s already suspected, that there might be more to this world. Castiel is living proof of this, so the fact that ghosts, ghouls and such exist really shouldn’t take him by surprise.
Dean could kill Chuck. Chuck had begged (on bended knee and everything) for Dean not to reveal the introduction of the angels, and now a drunk-off-of-Purple-Nurples Chuck has the just blabbed something that Dean has painfully tried to conceal. From behind him, he can hear Bobby mutter, “idjit.”
It’s the first time that he’s worked a case completely on his own. Sammy’s gone and Dad keeps disappearing, keeps leaving Dean with nothing better to do. Dean scouts out a haunting, something simple, something he can’t fail at, so he can prove that he can do this, that he can make his dad proud.
“Hello dumbass,” the demon announces, smirking at Dean and Bobby.
“I don’t know.” Dean doesn’t want to be his brother’s replacement and he really doesn’t want to be the re-bound if Castiel and Sam break up. It’s better to keep at a distance. “I’m kind of busy.”
“We have to find him,” Castiel tells Gabriel. Gabriel nods, but doesn’t look too bothered by this fact.
It’s funny that people often compare death and sleep, yet as Castiel watches Dean, he knows that he is unmistakably alive. The Dean he sees here- laying on his stomach, head tucked deeply into the pillow- is nothing like the body he found lying in the morgue. Watch the pattern of Dean’s back slowly rise with each breath gives him more comfort than he would ever care to admit.
“Wake him for me,” Dean grunts at Bobby.
“Yes, of course,” Castiel agrees, although he’s hesitant to leave. He swears he’s seen that body from somewhere.
hanging out with you because he has no one better to spend time with.”
?” Dean asks. “Are you kidding me?” He turns to Cas, “Did you know about this?”
“Do you have idea what time it is?” Dean double-checks his watch. It’s now five after one.
Castiel hasn’t heard anything about Dean Winchester or his younger brother since he was twelve years old. The Winchesters had left Lawrence right after Mary’s funeral, which had been the last time Castiel had seen either of the Winchesters before he was shipped off to boarding school by his father. When he had returned for the Thanksgiving holiday, the house across from the Novaks had been sold, and an elderly couple who gave Castiel cold looks lived there. His father had refused to talk about the move, but then, Charles Novak had refused to talk about a lot of things with Castiel.
“I was going to tell you when things settled down,” Dean explains quickly, “but I just got so use to hiding it and I kind of enjoyed having this little secret between me and Cas. We're good?”
There has to be a catch. The entirety of Dean’s life has been one catch after another and it’s not going to start now. There are tales of people bringing back the dead, but there are always consequences and they’re usually terrible ones. He’s never heard of someone who had the power to bring people back from the dead that weren’t dark side. Castiel- with his oversized trench coat and blue eyes- doesn’t look bad, but you never know.
“You want to see Sam?” Castiel reminds him gently. A dark look briefly passes on Dean’s face.
“Yeah, Dean Winchester from Kansas. Apparently all that flat land drives people crazy there. I can’t believe they actually found him a few miles out of town.”
“Hey, I never said that,” Dean protests. “Jesus, I didn’t think you were so sensitive.”
Knowing that this is the only way he’ll get Gabriel to leave him alone, Castiel agrees to see the body.
“You hunt ghosts?”
“Fits their M.O.- abandoned place, one girl kidnapped, and they’re getting their second victim to walk right in there,” he shakes his head. “Come on.”
“What happens when Bobby finds out something that moves me out of this supposed grey area? What then? Do you kill me?”
“Bobby, it’s me,” Dean gasps, hand to his nose.
He’s a small nerdy-looking dude, thin without the trace of the typical high school boy’s need for alpha-maleness. He wears glasses, plays in band, and is called gay and a faggot by the football team on a regular basis.
“Jo forced me,” Dean mumbles, pointing to the blonde who was just a few spaces away from them.
That sobers Sam up quickly. “What do you mean by that?”
Dean takes another swig from the liquor bottle. “We’re both hunters. We hunt supernatural creatures- ghosts, demons, werewolves. You name it, we’ve probably killed it.”
“Do you think these will have the desired effect on Dean?” Cas says as he holds up a pair that is black with leopard print. Sam frowns, himself struggling through day-glo underpants.
There’s an intake of breath from the crowd, but Dean just nods, his cheeks wet and a stony expression upon his face. Sam stands next to him, his face wet with tears, watching the police cars that are parking on the street.
“But I don’t see you protesting the part where you messed up.”
“There’s no way a dog could have done this,” Castiel states.
“I can tell. I wish I had your self-esteem.”
“I brought you back so that I could ask for forgiveness. I wanted closure. I had to set things right! After what I did to your family, how I ruined your life-”
There is stranger staring at him- one with bright blue eyes (the blue he must have seen when he first woke) and dark hair that sticks up and makes him look like a startled rabbit. The dude continues to stare at him, tilting his head to one side.
“I think you’re fine. You do have the tendency to be a little hostile.”
“Dean, Bobby has found Sam,” he says slowly, hoping that this will sober Dean up.
“But he’s not,” Bobby says gravely. “He’s not anything I’ve ever heard of. And that makes him dangerous in my book. Hell in
“Nah, he only hangs out with me when you’re busy. I’m your replacement.”
“Yeah, but he’s messing with something. Something evil. No human should have power like that.”
Well, that’s embarrassing, but it’s the least of his concerns.
Now Cas is standing in the middle of the kitchen with sea-insect-with-claws in his hands. The frantic movement of the claws slowly relaxes as Cas holds it, almost like he just hypnotised their dinner.
on Dean yet?”
“No, don’t worry about,” Dean shakes his head.
Dean looks confused. “What you did to my family?”
!” Sam whines. “Just call him or answer his texts.”
“It’s a nice town,” the man concludes, “Nice enough to accept you folks,” he says, turning with a big smile at Castiel.
“And when was that?”
Dean reaches out to turn up the volume on the radio. Castiel knows that this is a blocking method, an easy way to tell people he doesn’t want to talk about something, so Castiel moves his hand over the knob.
“And how do you propose we trick him,” Castiel says lowly. Dean’s not sure if he’s being serious about this question or not- it’s hard to get a read on him.
“You couldn’t tell? Like it wasn’t obvious that I… I like dudes too.” There’s a panic bubbling inside, a worry that comes from a life of not only hiding his sexuality, but everything else about himself.
Gabriel had left during the night, preferring to drive back on three cups of heavily sugared coffee rather than sleep in a tacky motel room.
“Um, hem,” coughs someone behind Sam. Out steps a short man. Dean’s eyes are drawn automatically to the man, mostly because he’s wearing a beige trench coat in May, and a really ugly one at that.
“It’s Dean Winchester. He murdered and tortured a couple of girls a few years back,” she tells him, her voice getting higher and higher like she’s excited about this fact. “He was killed before they could arrest him. Apparently he faked his death and it turns out he was linked with like a dozen different crimes. Managed to slip under the FBI’s radar and completely disappeared. Until now, of course.”
. What are you keeping me locked in here like I’m Rapunzel or something?”
“Yeah?” Dean shifts uncomfortably. Castiel is staring at him and Dean suddenly feels awkward because of this.
“I’ll do it, but you have to promise me that you won’t keep hanging that fact over my head.”
), but had agreed to stay together after she found out she was pregnant. It had only lasted two years before she left him to join some lesbian colony (okay, had left him for another woman who just so happened to be part of this weird colony-like thing), taking Emma with her, which had left him to deal with a bruised ego and child support.
“I can do that on my own, Dean,” Sam snaps back.
“That’s a healthy piece of toilet paper you got there,” Dean tells Cas with a snicker. Castiel gives the toilet paper roll a puzzled look before he lets out weak chortle.
“Yeah, I know I’ve acted like an ass for the last couple of weeks, but if I could talk to you like face to face, I could explain.”
“We can find Sam,” he tells Dean wearily.
There is small smile on Castiel’s face, but Sam misses it. Castiel turns over another folder and opens it. “I have tried to make full use of them.”
Dean doesn’t agree, but he doesn’t say anything to indicate that he disagrees. They don’t say anything, but continue to work in an uneasy truce. An hour later and Bobby quits, muttering something about not wasting his sanity for a Winchester and heads to bed. Dean works till the sun begins to rise and he finally admits defeat and hits the couch.
Breakfast is predictable awkward, made more so by the pitying looks that Bobby keeps giving him. Bobby doesn’t say a word either, and Castiel suspects that the man might have overheard the conversation last night- it was hard not to- and is probably just as pissed off at Castiel as Dean is. Dean doesn’t speak the entire meal, just inhales breakfast before heading upstairs, only to appear five minutes later with a duffle bag over his shoulder and the keys for the Impala dangling in his hands. He pauses at the door.
“The best. You can summon a demon and since she’s apparently hanging out with Sam for the last weeks, I’m betting she’s going to tell us where he’s at.”
“And that means,” he says, taking a bite of the sandwich, “that you don’t have to guess about us.”
It almost feels like Bobby’s firing him, but Dean still follows his boss’s advice and takes the next week off. He plans on continuing doing what he does when he comes home from work (watching TV in his boxers, eating cheetos and falling asleep on the couch) but on a grander scale. If he needed another sign that the universe is against him, it occurs when the phone rings just as soon as he returns to his apartment.
“For you,” Castiel admits, drawing in a deep breath. “But that is entirely in my hands. I should shoulder that burden, not you.” Dean scoffs, looking away. “Dean, you understand why I can’t touch you?”
“I was just wondering if you wanted to go on a walk with me?” Castiel rushes out.
“My ass,” Bobby says, moving to Dean, knife in hand. Dean moves back.
going on between them. Honestly, no one should have to write the words
“Huh? What?”
All right, so the marriage of between Sam and Jess wasn’t perfect. Sam’s high-stressed job had lead to a couple of small affairs on the side. Dean wouldn’t have known about them except that Sam had gotten into a dangerous situation with his last flame, which had resulted in Dean being recruited to pick up the pieces. Dean swore he would keep out of his brother’s love life after that last fiasco, but that still didn’t mean he approved of Sam’s coping methods.
“It just seems like the kind of night to sit outside and eat pie.”
Either way, he had come across Castiel crying quietly to himself in the alley behind the kitchen. He doesn’t remember much about that day- his memories of that day are pretty surreal, although some parts are clearer than most; like the blue tie Castiel wore (it had matched his eyes perfectly), like the guilt had flashed in Castiel’s eyes when Dean had stumbled out that door. There had been a few words passed between them, which are long forgotten. Most of all, he remembers Castiel pressing a light kiss to his mouth before running back inside and he remembers being happy that the little nerdy guy that did that, if not confused.
He scoffs at this, remembering the number of bodies he’s burned.
Ruby looks down at the blade, chuckling. “You think that butter knife is going to do anything?” She grabs Dean’s arm, twisting it away from her and pushes him to the ground, the knife breaking the paint as Dean falls. Before Dean can turn over, she’s gone.
“Well, don’t say it like it’s a bad thing, Dean,” Castiel snorts.
“You know most kids your age would be begging to watch TV all day,” he tells her, although she’s ignoring him in favour of trying to pick up her little sneakers. “Okay, hold your horses, kid,” he says as sits on the floor, slowly prying her shoes away from her. “You still need a bath before you go out.”
“Wait! Your name is Robert Steven Singer. You became a hunter after your wife got possessed. You were there the first time I got so drunk I puked and you let me live with you after Dad kicked me out when I told him I was bisexual and he refused to speak to me for a year. You’re about the closest thing I have to a father.”
“Nah, it’s fine. It’s just for one night,” Dean says, jumping onto the couch. After he spreads out, he looks around the room, a large smile on his face. Castiel feels self-conscious at once. The apartment is tiny- it barely fits him, but he only uses the space for sleeping since most of his time is consumed by the running of the pie shop or with helping Gabriel out.
“Casa Erotica? Good use of my credit card, Dean-O.”
So far every bar he’s hit has been a dead end; although it’s the kind of dead end that comes with whiskey and flirty locals, so it’s not a total loss. Still, none of the bartenders or regulars recognize anyone matching Sam’s profile, and Dean would have been impressed (the guy is a moose, and it’s kind of hard not to draw attention when you’re the friendly green giant) on any other occasion. Finally a good-looking brunette with a low cut shirt and the ability to mix a good drink or two provides some use to Dean.
series aren’t to my taste, but I was Chuck’s roommate in college and I’m here to support him,” Castiel frowns. “I thought it was your job to promote Chuck’s books, not discourage sales.”
And it pops into his mind as an angry thought, a bitter reminder when Cas does come back from the dead, this time married to a woman and looking at Dean like he’s a stranger and it hurts, it fucking hurts, because all Dean can think is
“Dean-”
Well, maybe he thinks about it, wonders what it means for
Dean grabs the knife from Sam’s hand and rushes forward, stabbing Lilith with all his will. He plunges the knife in just as he can feel her power surging and he’s lifted off his feet. Just like before, her eyes flicker from white to yellow, her body glowing yellow before she collapses on the mausoleum floor.
“Hey morning glory. Bought you some food,” Dean says pushing a plate of what appears to be nachos across the table. “As soon as you finish eating, we’re hitting the road. Got another lead from Bobby, so we’re headed back to his place.”
“How bad is she?” Castiel asks, moving towards Gabriel and the body, careful to avoid accidently touching the other dead body.
“Bobby didn’t tell you that I spend lunch in his office, does he?”
by the idea that a serial killer has been “caught” here. You’re going to have to keep a low profile for a while.”
“It needs to be angels, Dean. They’re the only ones with enough power to go through hell and rescue a soul, especially one as broken and torn as-”
waiting for him in his room. The only reminder of the incident left is the feeling of unease that has gathered in the pit of his stomach.
Dean’s not sure what the hell Castiel is talking about, but he thinks he might be referring to his friendship with Jo. Sam mentioned that it’s kind of creepy that a 30-year old hangs out with a 20-year-old, and Dean guesses Cas thinks so too.
“Yeah, why are you?” Jo says, giving him a small smile that says she’s giving him permission to leave.
They shake hands and Dean takes this chance to take another look at his brother’s lover. He was shorter than Dean with dark hair and bright blue eyes. Despite it being a beautiful Saturday, he was dressed in a suit, which was covered by the aforementioned trench coat. He looked professional, stiff and certainly in Sam’s league, although not someone Dean would guess to be Sam’s type. Certainly, nothing like Jess.
“Like that hasn’t occurred to me,” Dean snaps. It has- multiple times. But every time he has the phone in his hand and his thumb on the call button, he freezes. He’s been ignoring the guy for a couple of weeks now and Dean’s afraid of the icy reception he will receive when he calls. It’s not like calling a girl back in high school when you know that she’ll act all mad at first and then forgive you. Castiel is grown man and he’s not going to take kindly to being ignored. “I just can’t.”
Guns out, they creep down the hallway. There’s a woman’s gasp, before a figure in white goes flying across a crypt. Before her is Sam with Ruby faithfully at his side.
“I don’t understand. How can a person like you end up in Hell?” he blurts out.
The wrestling between the two Winchesters is stopped by the stern but amused tone of Mrs. Winchester. Castiel had not spotted her in the front garden where she was watering the flowerbed. Despite her two sons behaviours, she looks clearly amused. She looks up and waves at Castiel, who returns the greeting meekly, slightly embarrassed for getting caught staring at her family.
“I don’t,” Aaron confirms, his voice friendly, with no hint of judgement or disgust. “And to apologize, I’ll buy you another beer.”
“Hey, sorry buddy, but I need to talk with your pal Cas here for second. Alone,” Dean announces at the same time as Becky exclaims, “Look who I found coming out of Castiel’s apartment! Doesn’t he look a lot like that dead guy?”
But he swears the guy was flirting with him.
Dean falters and lowers his gun. This sounds like all kinds of wrong to him. Dean’s said it before and he’ll say it again, what is dead should stay dead.
Thomas looks safe.
“I wouldn’t say closure,” he finally replies. “In fact, it may have opened another matter entirely.”
“Maryland? Is there a particular reason why we are going to Maryland and not to Illinois where Sam is currently located?”
“I’m not moving until you tell me.”
“No catch,” Castiel tells him.
“Well, good morning sunshine,” Dean says cheerfully, handing him a plate of breakfast. “Not a morning person, Cas?”
“She’s twenty, and you know what Cas, you have a losing personality sometimes.”
“Are you alright Dean?” Sam asks him in his caring brother voice.
Sam laughs silently next to Castiel. Dean glares at his brother, hoping Sam will defend him. Jo isn’t going to help; Dean can hear her snickering next to him.
He has forgotten that he wasn’t the only one who lost someone that night- that Castiel’s mother had also died from a brain aneurysm. The funerals had been roughly around the same time- maybe even the same day. He remembers that the wakes were held at the same location. They had met in the back alleyway by accident. Dean had left, needing to escape all the crying eyes as middle-aged women hugged him and assured him that everything would be fine. The Novaks had just moved to Lawrence a few years before and had kept mostly to themselves, so it was only family members at Mrs. Novak’s funeral and the wake.
“It’s actually that Spanish soap that Bobby introduced me to.”
,” he spits out, “that killed my mom since the night she dropped dead. Right after her funeral we just up and left to go search for them. Dad was convinced that this cult was somehow involved with her death. I mean, he didn’t at first, but he kept searching for answers for how she could have just dropped like that and he came across them. We’ve been spending the last decade or so looking for them. Tracking them.”
This can’t be true. Castiel knows Dean Winchester- or at least he knew fourteen-year-old Dean Winchester. The man before him might be far cry from his teenager self, but Castiel can see that Dean has changed little in some aspects. Dean had always had a wild, devil-may-care look about him, but it always seemed like a façade. Castiel had seen Dean with his mother and with his younger brother- he always seemed
“Because you two are dating and I have feelings for him! I mean not dating, but having this serious and passionate love affair. And he kissed me! Not on the mouth, but still, he kissed me like I meant something to him. I didn’t mean to get between the two of you, Sammy, but he did kiss me firs-”
. The panty-thing had come out of nowhere and was a complete (and terrible) surprise for Sam. Sam always knew that his brother overcompensated his masculinity and he never thought that Dean would actually act upon his less manly desires (and like it).
“You’re telling me,” Gabriel says, picking up the file next to the body. “I mean that’s what the police think and hey, they’re never wrong.” Gabriel lets out an eye roll at this. Needless to say, the cops and Gabriel have never really gotten along. “I mean she was found in an upper-level apartment building with all her doors and windows locked. They’re just nervous cause if it wasn’t a dog, then what was it?”
“Well, I don’t know what to say, Dean. I guess you’re just going to have to slip on your big girl panties and call him.”
“Facts,” Castiel sighs, “I have a million of them at my finger tips. Did you know that a cat’s penis is sharply barbed?”
“I need to see him. He might not even know that I’m dead.”
“I’m not bringing back a serial killer to kill former classmates, Gabriel,” Castiel says. “And besides, if I was doing that,
Castiel steps back and waits for a reaction. He expects to be yelled at, to have harsh words thrown at him, but Dean just laughs, sounding defeated and tired.
“Well, are you just going to sit there gawking? Or are you going put some pants on?” Dean urges, throwing a pair of jeans at Cas. Castiel hurries to put them on, almost missing Dean announcing, “We’re just going to make one more pit stop before we go.”
Castiel wakes the next morning to the sound of someone moving in his kitchen. It had taken him more time than he’d like to fall asleep after Dean had woken him, but every time he was about to drift off, he would swear he could hear Dean let out a moan or a cry.
“I thought I gave it away when you bent over like that. You shouldn’t have done that. I had to go grocery shopping with a boner.”
“Yeah,” Dean says, looking relieved.
His dad tells him he deserved that and Dean wonders if John would have the same response if Dean told him what really happened.
“Emma was what we call a surprise,” he explains quickly and sharply- his way of saying ‘drop it’. “We didn’t mean to ‘reproduce’ as you put it. Anyways, Lydia left me for another woman.”
“I’m not asking you to discuss your feelings with me, but I am tired of being ignored.”
Sometimes, when his dad is gone, Dean even says it out loud.
“Bingo.”
as many times as Chuck had to. Also, Charlie had texted Sam after she finished one of the books titled
to be. He had been camping out in an old abandoned house, just until he could get the next credit card he needed, and the next thing he knew, he was being carved alive, watching as someone took out a silver knife and begin slicing into him. The pain was unbearable, and he kept slipping in and out of conscious, only to wake to another implement being shoved into him. Finally he began to fade out and everything was black.
Castiel looks immediately apologetic. “I’m sorry if I overstepped a line. I don’t really want to have this conversation. It’s just that I’m from Illinois, we believe in God.”
“Well, when I was talking to Kali, she might have mentioned that the FBI have been following a killer for a while that has the same M.O. as Dean’s little murder here. The victim is always found in a locked room, brutally murdered and their bodies ripped apart, like some wild animal has caused it. Usually he kills in pairs, taking the best and the prettiest- almost like a ritual sacrifice. I’d hate to admit it, but Sleeping Beauty here and that Bela chick sure do meet the criteria for it.”
“More than you’ll believe,” she says with a sniff. “Sorry boys, but I don’t think you’ll be doing any arresting on my part.”
“Just get in the kitchen.”
“Bobby, he’s the reason that I’m back,” Dean says, his entire face breaking into a smile as he looks at Castiel. “Castiel Novak, this is Bobby Singer.”
“Yeah? You think I deserve a second chance?” Dean sneers.
“Gabriel,” Castiel growls.
“I guess we got lucky,” Dean mumbles, his hand once again enclosing Castiel’s. Cas’s hand feels warm and welcoming, and it’s funny to think that just a few days ago, he thought he would spend the rest of his life not knowing how it would feel.
“Okay, we’ve got that,” Dean. “That’s how I got out of Hell, but what about now?” He taps Castiel’s hand beside him. “We’re touching, and I haven’t croaked yet.”
“Hey, what’s on your mind?” Jo asks, poking him in the side.
Dean glances over and coughs. “We don’t know about you yet. Bobby’s never heard of anything that matches the likes of you… but you seem like an okay-guy. I mean, come on, you make pies for a living, for god sakes! You’re kind of in the grey area for this stuff.”
if he sees me before he
Sam and Cas take a break from their sorting and Cas goes to his room, or wherever Cas goes in his free time, and Sam decides to sit down in the living room and watch some TV. A half-hour later and fully involved with the plot of the television show he’s watching, Sam’s hand seems to wander into the crevasses between the couch cushions as something to fidget with. Usually he finds loose change or a random weapon, but today he feels something different, something he cannot identify. He pulls at it and to his horror, he is staring at a pair of satin blue underpants- clearly women’s- with questionable stains upon it. His lightning quick reflexes cause him to throw the undergarment onto the floor and he holds his hand up to inspect for any marks. He doesn’t understand.
“Spend a night with you, Bobby, and that neurotic writer? Yeah, I think I’ll pass.”
Although his bedroom was often a refuge from his family, tonight he felt trapped within it. From his window he could see into Dean’s bedroom. It was unsettling to see the familiar glow from that window after what happened a few hours ago.
“Fine,” Dean says, staring at Castiel. “With me dead, at least there’s some good that comes out of this.”
“Yeah, well you seem to be doing just fine with your pie business,” Gabriel says, taking a swipe at the icing sugar on the counter. Castiel rolls his eyes at Gabriel making a slightly orgasmic noise as he licks the sugar from his fingers. “Whereas I am struggling.”
“You didn’t get a name by chance or anything?” Dean says, finishing off the bottle.
Castiel stares at him. Dean remains unbothered.
The apartment’s tiny enough, so it isn’t like Dean has to try too hard at eavesdropping into their conversation. Also, it doesn’t help that as quiet as Castiel has been all morning, he certainly isn’t hold back now.
Castiel gives Dean other one of his small smiles and nods as they exit the Impala.
“I’ve been talking with Crowley about what would happen if we sold the rights of
“Dean,” he says, “I will not continue our entire drive like this. You need to speak to me.”
“If it comes to that- yes, I will lock you in here.”
Gabriel snorts. “Good luck kid.”
Dean splashes her with holy water, glad to finally shut the bitch up.
Dean lets out a harsh laugh. “You’ve clearly underestimated the extremes a Winchester is willing to go for each other.”
Were these Dean’s? Cas only had the one pair that Sam had bought him…
“Maybe if you put a dish of butter-sauce with a little nutmeg here, it will run out the other side,” Dean snaps.
“I’m a student,” she laughs, “but I also work at my mom’s bar.”
Dean points to the girl in the photo. “That Ruby?” The bartender nods. “Any idea where I could find them?”
Sorry this took so long to update. I've been busy with exams for the last week, but they will soon be over and I'll be free to truly procrastinate over updating.
“And you said his name was Dean Winchester?”
“Dean,” Castiel states, his voice a low growl in Dean’s ear. “You’re not allowed to sit there and think that because you called me that everything is forgiven between the two of us.”
“Well hello there, pretty lady,” Gabriel smiles.
for me? Me being back is
“Yeah, he was a neighbour back when I was like fourteen or something, before we left Lawrence. He was a nice kid. Kind of nerdy though. My mom seemed to like him.”
should be worried.”
“Well considering he hasn’t answered any of the texts or calls I’ve sent him, I believe it’s safe to say that he’s ignoring me.”
“Only if you touch me,” Castiel says lowly. Dean raises an eyebrow at that, watching the little guy cringe. “I mean to say that I cannot have any physical contact with those I have brought back or else they can die again- for good. I cannot bring the dead back twice.”
Cas shuts the door behind them and pushes him flush against it, hands curling around his neck. Dean doesn’t have a checklist for what heaven needs, but all his boxes are ticked nonetheless as Cas takes him apart.
Sam looks around at their brand new world with a widening smile, and Dean wishes he could feel his obvious relief, but he’s too busy choking on bitterness and anger. Of course even at the end, it wouldn’t be fucking fair. There'll be peace when you are done, my ass. The world is saved, and all Dean feels is bone deep exhaustion. He slowly makes his way to the impala, feet dragging on the ground. Sam follows him, half running. Leaning on the hood, he smiles brightly, seeming a decade younger. The sight warms Dean’s heart, but Sam’s smile quickly fades, becoming guilty as he reads Dean’s grief on his face.
“I fucked it all up. I fucked it all up so bad and he didn’t even know I loved him.” Now that Dean’s walls came down, words spill out of him like out of a broken sink. “I didn’t even get to tell him because I didn’t know. I didn’t know, Sam! And now he’s gone and oh my God what if he never comes back? Sam, what the fuck am I going to do?”
And Dean’s off, almost floating off the ground with glee. As he walks, trees grow thicker around him. He thinks back to the dark forest of his heart, and the beast raging right outside his door. This one looks the same, but it’s glistening with light. The sun shines through the leaves above him, highlighting a golden path. His fingers graze the bark of the tall pines in a thoughtless caress. He has no idea what he’s going to say to Cas, doesn’t know if he even deserves forgiveness for how he hurt him. But he wants to kiss him senseless, and this is heaven and they have all the time in the world.
His fingers slowly close on it as he brings the tape close to his heart. Unable to really process what Cas keeping it under his pillow means to him, means about them, Dean flops down on the bed like a schoolgirl in a coming of age movie. He pictures Cas, wherever he is now, all alone, and the thought of him leaving the tape, of not having anything to his name, fills Dean with a new brand of sadness.
Later again, Cas treats him to a tour of the house, hand clasped firmly in his. He rushes through the actual cabin, barely stopping long enough for Dean to take in the sight. It’s clear there’s something he’s really excited about, and Dean can’t stop smiling at seeing the angel like this, freer than he’s ever seen him. Cas gets out into the clearing and tells Dean to close his eyes. He lets go of his hand as he does, and Dean obliges, biting his lip around a bubbling laugh. He hears ruffling, and still the same buzzing he heard when he first came to the house.
“It's the one thing Jack did before fucking off: break down the walls in heaven. I was stuck and suddenly I wasn’t, easy as that. We’re all here Dean. There’s John and Mary right down the road. I think you can even see their house from here.”
Dean looks away, shoves pie in his mouth so he doesn’t have to answer right away. No use playing dumb, really. Not with Sam.
But now Sam feels far away again. It most likely has to do with the walls he built around his own heart, Dean knows, but realizing it doesn’t make it easier to tear down. So he doesn’t spill his heart at Sam’s feet, all bloody and raw. He just slowly spits it into bottles every night, and looks away when his brother tries to do damage control. It just doesn’t feel like it’s worth it anymore, being healthy or whatever. Who needs a functioning brain when humanity is gone and you could just as easily cope through constant inebriation?
This is what his body was made for. Violence and violence again, till he dies a brutal end. Not whatever he could have had. Not whatever he was running from. Not rough hands made soft just to hold his. Not tight smiles pressing at his collarbone. None of it, no. He doesn’t deserve tenderness, never did. This is what destiny always had in store for Dean Winchester: getting beaten to death by an angry god, who doesn’t even give a shit about it all anyway.
Since Cas left (sacrificed himself. For him. Because he loved him), Dean got really good at tunnel vision. He managed to always find his bed without looking at or acknowledging Castiel’s bedroom door. True, the cloud of drunkenness often helped. But now, Dean and his shameful little heart filled with hope stands still in front of the door. His hand hovers over the handle...
These days Dean feels like he doesn’t know his little brother, can no longer reach out and grip into his guts to pull out a deep confession. It felt so easy when they were kids. Sure, in hindsight, they had an extremely fucked up childhood. And sure, maybe with no one but the three of them and Evil God on this bitch of an earth, Dean can admit, at least to himself, and in a whisper, that maybe his dad was a bit of a dipshit. But still, he thinks back to motel rooms with beds too big for them, and popcorn popped in front of scary movies on shitty tvs. He thinks of hitting each other on the back of the impala, of making up stories so Sam wouldn’t think too hard about where their dad was, so he himself wouldn’t dwell on it, and all he feels is peace. They just had less problems back then, and the problems they did have were too big for kids to apprehend anyway, too huge and abstract to deal with. 10 year old Dean didn’t have to worry about an angel with perfect eyes sacrificing himself for him, or like, the world ending more than once in his lifetime. Sigh.
Bobby smiles knowingly, the bastard. Dean bets he kept Cas’ name for last on purpose. His voice is filled to the brim with fatherly love when he answers.
“I mean, just because Jack can’t find him, doesn’t mean we’re giving up, right?” He gets in the car and sits behind the steering wheel, wrists propped on it. He stares off into the horizon. “We’re the Winchesters, saving people is our business. Right before hunting things, if I recall.” He turns the ignition on. “We’re gonna save him.” The engine purrs. Dean holds his breath. “We’re gonna save Cas.” And with that, they ride off towards the setting sun.
Song 11: cowboy like me
Castiel’s eyes had been wide open, filled with bright joy, as he’d asked Dean to repeat what he’d said.
My picture in your wallet
Castiel cupped Dean’s cheek with his hand, the newly returned rings like the blunt edge of a knife where they touched his skin. “Then, my love, we must find something of mine that you can keep for yourself. Thank you for taking such good care of mine.” He trailed his nails lightly against Dean’s jaw as he pulled him in for another kiss. He broke it off after only seconds, dropping his hand to entwine with Dean’s once more. “I would like to go for a walk. Care to join?”
“Yes, I-”
“Pie, Cas.”
Everybody wants you
“You’re right. I did call you that.” Dean mumbled, he looked down at Castiel’s pale face against the white pillows, and found himself missing the person who had kissed him with such love and passion in their tiny kitchen. Perhaps that person no longer existed. If he didn’t, it would only be Dean’s fault.
Dean touched his hands greedily to the world around him, trying to determine where Cas had dropped him. Into the Impala, he realized. His hands had found her steering wheel. Something small was pressed between Dean’s thigh and the seat—he shifted his weight to grab it, and found that Cas had managed to transport Dean’s phone back with him as well.
“Huh?” Cas had pressed his face into Dean’s shoulder, and he took a second to reposition his head so that he could hear.
I wish to know
Those words from Dean's lips were like a shot of adrenaline right to Cas's heart. The world through his eyes turned bright white. A great crash sounded from above them, shards of glass scattering down from the ceiling. Literal sparks flew as the lights burst apart, first alighting the room, then plunging them into near darkness.
“I know I told ya’,” he started again, “that I’d tend to that stupid plant that you keep in your room, but Cas, I… I still haven’t been able to go in there. I’m pretty sure that Sammy is looking after it. He’s not the type of guy to let a plant die. I’m… I’ll keep trying.” Each day, Dean thought of cracking open the door to Castiel’s room, and each day his hand became pins-and-needles at the thought. He didn’t know what he’d do after opening the door and seeing the dark, empty space. He was sure he didn’t want to know.
Song 8: dorothea
“Ruby’s dead, Cas. I killed her myself. If you’re right, and she’s back, then she was brought back by something big. Which means that you just blew a chance at saving us from a lot of trouble.” Dean’s fisted hands held Cas back by the lapels of his trench coat. “What the Hell, man?”
Cas’s hand brought him back, straightened him up, but didn’t leave its place. Dean ghosted his finger over his own cheek, not quite wiping the snowflakes away, just feeling the wetness that they had left. Cold and fresh and alive.
“Do you like doing that?”
He adjusted the blanket that he’d settled in the bottom, pulling it up against all sides. The small flashlight, full of brand new batteries, was still tucked where he'd put it against the head panel. The metal build of the box, its edges welded together by Dean’s own hands, held an air of desperation and agony. They were Hell to be surrounded by, suffocating and unpleasant. He hoped his little auditions, as unnecessary as they may be, would at least give Cas a fragment of comfort.
Once they returned to a world of colour and sound, moments like this would simply not exist. Couldn’t exist.
“No, I mean, what about a boyfriend? Fuck, a girlfriend? Someone to keep you company, to keep you warm at night.” Dean motioned wildly around the room. “To make sure that you take care of yourself, and that you go to the doctor sooner rather than later!”
As the last of the gold light dissipated into the air, Cas’s hand dropped onto the bed and he let his head fall forwards, recovering. He’d given Dean all that he could manage, and his grace would need a moment to recover. He hoped that Dean’s sleep had become slightly more restful, his dreams just a touch more pleasant.
“No, not that I can remember. You meeting him here?”
Haunted by the look in my eyes
“What happened out there, man,” Dean asked quietly once they’d covered half the length of the hallway. “I saw your hands on that demon, ready to smite it, and then you just… didn’t.”
“I’m sorry if we made everyone wait,” Cas replied gruffly as the elevator began upwards.
“Speaking of what to do, why don’t you take this old thing off.” She pulled at the collar of his flannel shirt, visible under his open jacket. “Our clothes for the ceremony are laid out in the bedroom. Why don’t you go get changed while I see if there’s anything I need to do in here.”
(See the end of the chapter for
(Yes, I
"Ever since the mark made Cas go crazy, ever since I had to bury him in a Ma'lak box." (Chuck's alternate ending, 15x09. Includes some SPOILERS.)
“You can hardly stand, Cas,” Sam said. “Of course we’re not going to kick you out.”
“Dean,” Cas whispered. His eyes were clouding over with a fresh set of tears.
“With you two here, now, all of our attendees are present.”
He touched his belt under the material of his jacket, grounding himself with the feel of his knife hidden against him. From outside of the room, soft christmas music and many layers of conversation alluded to the party that Dean was meant to be circling.
He slid his fingers to the chair beside him, and plucked the next beer bottle from the open six-pack that he’d balanced on top of two more closed packs. With a twist, the bottle was opened and brought to his lips. It was half gone before Dean placed it down. He let his elbows rest on the table, his hands clasped together, and pressed his forehead to his gathered fingers.
Sam slid Dean’s letter out from his pocket, and felt sorry for having laughed at it. He could imagine the way that Dean would react if he knew Sam had found the letter, the retorts he’d make, how’d he resort to aggression or rude remarks to hide his embarrassment. No one, especially not Dean, wanted their little brother to read their grief monologue.
And if you're ever tired of bеing known for who you know
“Yeah, no. ‘Course.” Dean echoed. He set the knife and cleaning rag onto the table behind him, and came at Cas with empty hands.
Song 4: 'tis the damn season
With the chips back in order, Cas flicked a worried eye towards Dean. His back remained relaxedly held, his posture not giving the slightest hint that the noise of several bags almost hitting the ground had thrown him off his game. Of course, Castiel should have known. Dean was more of an expert than that. Simple fix: the chips back on the shelf. Simple day with simple fixes. Cas filled his lungs with a slow breath of the warm shop air. For now, life or death problems were nowhere near to them. Nowhere in the vicinity.
They're in love, Your Honour.
Thanks for reading!
“Like I was hit by a frickin’ car.”
Without Sam’s insistence, Cas wasn’t even sure that Dean would have let him stay at all.
Castiel grunted with effort as he tried again to use his dwindling grace to bring Dean back from the brink of death. He could feel his grace inside of him like the last drops of water that refuse to slide down from the bottom of a glass. He curled his hands into Dean’s chest until he was worried that his nails would scratch the skin. His knees dug painfully into the hard ground around either side of Dean’s body. He tried. He tried to rip himself apart to save something greater.
If Dean was dead, it would be Castiel’s fault. There was no one else to blame. Castiel would do whatever he could to bring Dean back, even if it meant sacrificing himself. Especially if it meant sacrificing himself. They would be better, safer, without him.
Out of more habit than any real suspicion, Sam patted his hand against Cas’s single pillow, fluffing out a crease. The pillow made an odd crunching sound. When the sound happened a second time, Sam flipped the pillow over, revealing, underneath it, a manila envelope, thick and stuffed to the brim. Ah ha!
He snatched the towel back up and wrapped it around himself, stepping to the side so Cas could get his clothes. Then he grabbed his fresh clothes and hobbled to the bedroom they were to share, closing the door behind him. “Fuck,” he said with feeling when he leaned back against the door.
Dean pretended not to see that Cas was getting hard in his jeans and instead bent down and started to write, upside down, on Cas’s belly. It was a little tricky, since Cas was hunched forward a little and the small amount of fat on his stomach was rolling. Dean asked him to lean back, helping Cas get comfortable with his tied arms. Satisfied that Cas’s stomach was flatter now, he started to write again.
“What I’d like is a beer or something, but no thanks on the chocolate. I appreciate it, though.” He did get up, though, and get himself some milk. Castiel declined his offer. He sipped his cold chocolate, which he rather liked.
“I do, yes. I suspect you and your brother were a lot closer than my brother and I, however. We loved each other, but I would not say that we were friends. I did not feel that I knew him well.” Castiel regretted their estrangement, but he had never known what to do about it and then it was too late.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean raised his voice again. “Well, I know all that, Sam! But I’ve got his naked junk on my phone, so apparently we were both wrong!”
“It’s okay, Cas. We can just go back to kissing,” Dean assured him, dipping back down to do just that.
Dean considered saying yes. Technically, it was the truth, but he knew that’s not what Castiel meant. He didn’t have scars or anything like that. He blew out a breath and shook his head no.
say hi!
“Hard to believe you were a virgin a few hours ago,” Dean gasped as a hot mouth worked over his pulse point.
He turned to reveal the collar and leather cock and ball restraint to Cas, whose blue eyes widened and darkened. Dean’s eyes tracked the movement as Cas’s tongue snaked out and wet his thick, perfect lips. Dean reached up and traced over Cas’s bottom lip with the pad of his thumb.
Speaking of Cas, Dean had yet to see him. Since he was living in the bunker pretty much all the time, Dean was a little surprised he wasn’t the first one here. The guy loved eggnog—molecule taste or not—and one of his favorite things was debunking all their Christmas customs.
“You almost died, Cas.”
“As a myocardial infarction.”
“Yes, Bobby. Yes. If you’ll have me, I want to come work for you.” He knew he sounded a little like he was begging, but he was mostly all right with that.
“We’re really stupid,” Dean said, baring his neck as Cas worked his way up it with his mouth.
He grimaced, but Castiel only laughed.
Dean scooted his cart out of the way a bit and bent down to retrieve his phone. To his surprise, when he stood back up, Cas was there waiting. Dean wanted to flee, but instead, he raised his eyebrows with what he hoped was a polite-looking and not pathetic-looking smile.
“Why?” Cas asked in a cold, clipped voice. “It’s true. I’m not your brother. I’m no one to you. Nothing.”
you!” he cried as a fresh wave of sobs gripped him.
,” he said reverently.
I'm curious. Do you guys tell your fic-reading friends about me? Spread the word, that kind of thing?
“Carl Bruener. Well met.”
“All right, it doesn’t matter. Go ahead.”
Cas wasn’t human.
Dean heard the words coming out of Cas’ mouth, but he refused to believe them. Everything had been going so well. Why was Cas doing this now? They were supposed to have a couple of weeks yet, even if Cas hadn’t changed his mind. Why was he taking it away?
“Yeah, sure,” Dean agreed readily.
Cas chuckled. “You haven’t even seen the table, Bobby. For all you know, it could wobble and be unattractive.”
Dean looked after him, confused. He didn’t know what he had said that had caused Cas to look so stunned, but he hoped it was a good kind of stunned. Shrugging, he grabbed some fresh clothes and made a mental note to ask Cas where—and how—to do the laundry. Looking at the clock, he knew washing the clothes had to wait until after Sam got here.
“Well, before we get into that, there’s another thing I wanna talk to you about.” Bobby rubbed a hand nervously up and down his leg. “Just about a year before he died, your dad found some land that he wanted to buy for your mom. He couldn’t get the loan and I told him I’d front him the money and he could pay me instead of the bank.”
Cas groaned in frustration. “No.”
Have some plot without porn for a change.
When Cass finally started to come down, Deanna lightened her sucks and slowed her fingers. Then when Cass’s clit was too sensitive to be touched, D continued to work her fingers in and out gently, not yet ready to lose the glorious sensation of it.
“Sam, drop it, I told you.” Dean angrily shaved off slivers of wood to make a chair rocker.
“So, when you go out into the world and stuff, do you, um…” Sam dropped his eyes back to his oatmeal. “Do you think maybe you could come visit me?”
Cas smiled, warmed by Dean’s words—and probably also the whiskey. “Thank you, Dean.”
Dean smiled. “Sam, yeah.”
Dean didn’t have as much trouble falling asleep that night as he expected, but he woke up early again the next morning. He spent the whole day barely able to hold in his excitement. He did all the things Cas told him to do with mindless determination, until it came to visiting people. That he put his whole self into, enjoying making the old and young alike laugh at his stupid jokes.
“Dean? What are you doing?” His voice sounded frantic and Dean smiled at Starla and sent her to the room, closing the door behind her.
“Fancy ass lawyer.”
Last person to leave a comment is still an appreciated commenter!
I love you beautiful cuties! Have a safe and lovely rest of the week. ♥
“I apologize, Dean. You are simply so different than I originally expected and so good with the people here. It is...
?” Dean asked, eyes bright with excitement. He grabbed the white drink before Cas could offer him a choice and took a long sip, licking and smacking his lips in appreciation. “And what’s that?” he asked, nodding at the drink Cas was still holding. “
Cas just held on until Dean started to pull away. Then he allowed Dean out of the hug and stepped back.
“Hello, Dean.” Cas hung up his umbrella, then turned back to Dean with a sheepish grin. “I couldn’t wait.”
in the Impala.”
what he would see. Regardless, move to the open doorway he did—and what he saw lit him aflame from his scalp to the soles of his feet.
At this, Dean thought he saw a flicker of hurt, but it was gone before Dean could really be sure.
“Yeah?” Dean asked, cocky smirk on his face. “How about this?”
Cas heaved a put-upon sigh and walked up to the counter, with sidelong look at Chuck to make sure Dean was right. Chuck made sure to stare intently at his screen and type furiously, but his word processor just had “Holy shit, what is Cas gonna say?” written on it, along with a lot of gibberish of the kind one gets when they furiously type random letters.
Cas sighed. “Dammit! I was sure it had to be you. There’s nobody else.”
Dean took Cas’s hand and walked them toward the direction he thought the restaurant was in. He pretended not to see the look Charlie and Sam shared over the hand-holding. He also pretended not to see the small, pleased smile on Cas’s face.
Slowly, Cas stepped out of line and turned toward the voice. Incredibly, he saw Dean running through the terminal toward him. His cheeks were red and his eyes were wide with a mix of emotions. Fear and hope seemed to be at war in them.
Hey lovelies! I know I am woefully behind on responding to comments and even on posting this chapter, but life is incredibly busy. I still love you all just as much and I read all your comments with a huge smile on my face, even when I have no time to respond. I'll reply soon, I promise! In the meantime, please enjoy this quiet interlude of a chapter.
“Good morning, Dean. I did not realize they had stocked our icebox.”
He would not think of himself as responsible, not even in part. That was a dangerous road.
“—mobile accident. He was life-flighted to our facility about an hour ago.”
"Oh." Cas's voice was quiet. "So, lunch?" he asked hopefully.
“Eh, Charlie says I’m better than that and I should stop using gendered slurs to show my feelings.”
“That true, Cas? You never turned a human?”
Cas smirked before taking a bit of his eggs. He chewed and swallowed before glancing up and gesturing toward Dean’s chin with his fork.
—sex hair and its—
object, but he didn’t want to. So a few minutes later, he found himself wrapped in the circle of Dean’s arms. He thought he had never felt more safe in his whole existence. He watched Dean as he fell asleep and nearly cried from the weight of his love.
“Dean,” Cas tried again, more aggressive this time. He wound his hands up onto Dean’s shoulders. “They’re gone.”
Canon compliant, picks up from end of 15x3 with the second section some time around 15x6. includes SPOILERS for the episodes.
inside the car, Dean,” Cas said, tilting his head as he considered what Dean could have meant besides the obvious.
Dean could have cried.
How had they gotten to this loveless place? It wasn’t entirely either party's fault, Cas told himself. Dean had obviously shifted all the blame onto Castiel, unwilling to listen to Cas’s arguments that he’d only ever tried to do the right thing. Dean had always been stubborn. It was endearing when it wasn’t directed at you.
He had just gotten comfortable against the pillow once more when the door to his bedroom was pushed open. Sam welcomed himself into the room, stepping swiftly over to Dean’s bed and using the remote to shut off the TV.
Cas was on his feet before he realized what he was doing. He held his hand in front of him, towards Dean’s bed, towards Dean’s own outstretched hand where he’d dropped it beside himself. With just one press of his fingers against Dean’s forehead, Cas could relax him. He wanted to do it; his fingers crunched into a loose fist and opened up once more while he struggled to keep his feet where they were.
Despite the hands-on importance of door-to-door questioning and exploring the scene of the crime, there was still use to be found in good old research. If Sam was honest with himself, he sometimes liked the research better than the kill. It was nice to get the opportunity to flex his skills from university, in whatever way he could. It worked out well, really, as Dean would rather fight some vamps two-on-one with his bare hands than spend a day with the books.
I love Castiel with my whole heart and I, too, miss him greatly.
“Huh?” The barista’s tone shifted as she looked to Cas. She frowned slightly, as if noticing him for the first time.
As I prepared him to be burned, I. the world went wrong. He was an angel, supposed to live for fucking pretty much ever. Supposed to outlive me, at any rate. Didn’t he tell me that, even after everyone left, he would still be there? I had to tie his body up. I shouldn’t have had to do that. I shouldn’t have been around to do that.
Cas used Dean’s spread arms as an opportunity to press their bodies together. Dean quickly reciprocated the hug, pressing the palm of his right hand into the center of Cas’s back.
Cas’s head shook. He tugged the string and the shutters lifted towards the top of the window. He took a step back, motioning towards the exposed glass with one flat hand.
Leave it all behind
He's in the room
“They certainly did not share your aversion to me.”
“I don’t know-” the more Dean spoke, the less Cas knew what was happening. How could…
Snow. The tiredness that Dean had been trying to force away receded on its own. He spun away from the window, grabbed at Cas, at his wrist at his waist. Or he imagined doing so. Dean had really only stood against the window, his arms stuck against his sides. Cas was still over between the beds where he’d turned the lamp off. Dean took a steadying breath through his lips.
Use my best colors for your portrait
Instead of jumping onto Dean, the vampire fell forwards awkwardly, landing on its forearms against the table, allowing Dean to quickly finish it off with a slice to the neck. Cas smiled at Dean from across the table, his bloody angel blade still up.
“I’m electric.” Castiel whispered. He leaned in to kiss once more into Dean’s mouth, then took three steps back and sat down on one of the grey parking blocks. It was a small thing for him to sit on, and his long legs were bent awkwardly in front of him, his knees bent towards his chest. Castiel leaned forwards, pulling his shirt off over his head.
If Cas had been asking if he should stay, then Dean had certainly led him to believe the opposite. And it was true—Dean would be happy to get a couple of days away from Cas. The guy had blown down every one of Dean’s expectations and then some, and not in a good way. What Cas had done, it brought his judgement into question. He’d put too many things above everyone’s safety.
Perhaps love was not always easy for the humans, but it was beautiful. It was as much art and poetry as anything that Castiel had ever seen them create. He could be happy for them, watching and never having. He could, he tried to convince himself, even be happy to watch Dean fall in love. Dean deserved love, even if it would break Castiel.
If the angels were to capture Dean, to have him in their grasp with the possibility of killing him, Cas would beg them for the chance to say goodbye. He couldn’t strip that from Sam, the possibility of speaking once more to someone that he’d long had to leave behind. He couldn’t be the jury and executioner for a story that he had no real part in.
“How did you know it was us?” Dean asked, coming back to himself. He realized he’d been leaning on Cas and quickly pulled himself away. Only the sides of their arms stayed together. If the vampires were onto them already…
“You’re lovely. You-”
Long story short, I survived
“I should go.” Cas’s face had frozen over. No emotion showed in the set of his lips or in the curve of his eyebrows. Only in his eyes, and only because Dean had seen it there many times before, did he betray his discomfort. Dean had made Cas uncomfortable. Uncomfortable enough to leave.
Dean sputtered, a hundred different explanations trying to rush from his mouth. “The barista was a shifter! I didn’t want to tip her off to us, that’s why we weren’t talking ‘bout the case. I was working her, Cas, I swear. It wasn’t about you.”
Yes, I got your letter
Sam pulled the piece of paper gingerly from between the binding of the book. He smoothed the wrinkled paper out atop the book’s pages, flattening along fold lines. He held his breath as he began to read it, unable to shake the feeling that he was imposing on something private, but no more able to stop himself.
Oh, goddamn
“So uh, business party vamps, ya know?”
“You’d rather leave and, what, struggle out there? How will you protect yourself?”
The lighting had struck its mark, and its mark had been Castiel.
“I know, Cas.” Dean took a step forward, his feet moving without his asking. “When I said, ‘I need you,’ I meant it as in, ‘I die everyday that you’re not here.’” He took another wide step forward. “When I said, ‘I’m not leaving here without you,’ I meant, ‘I’ve been looking for you like a lost past of myself, and I didn’t know relief until I'd found you again.’”
Long story short, it was a bad time
Chapter 16.
Next chapter, Dean hates himself for doing the "right thing."
- Taylor Swift, champagne problems
Dean slipped his hand off of Cas’s shoulder, reaching around to press it to Cas's back instead. He moved in closer, heard his name uttered between Cas’s lips. Their chests hovered inches apart.
“Are you tired? You can stay here, man. I don’t mind.” Dean’s eyes were steady on Cas’s, and this time, it was Cas who had to look away.
Song 6: no body, no crime
Oh, oh. Dean was nervous. Castiel could fix that. He took the hat from Dean’s hand and placed it onto his own head, fairly certain that he was doing it right based off of the movies that Dean had made him watch. Or perhaps not quite, as Dean chuckled and leaned forwards to help him adjust it.
“Do you want anything?”
“One shot, or two?” She asked, following the line of conversation from before Cas had spoken. She placed a first shot by Dean’s hand, and let her fingers slid over his skin as she pulled her own hand away. “And if you want two, be sure to tell me now. I’m off in five.”
“Oh, there’s nothing that compares,” Castiel said softly. He seemed to have come back from his thoughts, and after clearing his throat, he continued. “I bought this house during my second year at the museum. Until then I’d lived in our apartment on 7th. I like this new house because of the high ceilings, and the spiral carved into the handle on the staircase. I thought that you would appreciate the two-car garage. I adopted a cat three years ago. You may have seen her when you came in.”
Louder, this time. Castiel pushed himself over onto his side, facing away from the cliffside, towards the plateau where the hunt had spiraled out of control. The hunt! Images flashed through Castiel’s thoughts: Dean attempting to take on three demons at once, his blade striking one of them through the chest just as the other two jumped at him, Dean knocking back against the ground, blade turning through the air helplessly away from him. And the last thing that Cas had seen, before his own fight had sent him tumbling over the cliff’s edge: one of the demons positioned over Dean’s form, poised to snap his neck.
I sit and watch you
Everything. Castiel would give everything he had left to save Dean. No matter what it took.  He pulled his soaked dress shirt sleeves up to his elbows, and rubbed his hands together to generate some heat, to awaken his strength. He closed his eyes to search inside of himself, to call for all that he had. To tell himself to use everything that was still at his disposal, no matter how badly he needed it to keep himself alive. Dean needed it more.
Behind them, a ripple of black, like the deepest ocean, began to flower out from the wall. At the same time, the door flew open, knocking back loudly as Death stepped into the room. They were surrounded on both sides, yet Dean could hardly process the danger. All he knew was that he and Cas were going to survive. They had to.
And I couldn't be sure
“I want to know why I’ve become dead to you.”
Ooh, this place is the same as it ever was
Anger and indignation pulsed to the tips of Sam’s fingers as he pulled the tab of the envelope open. So Cas had been hiding something this whole time… if he was putting Dean in danger by being with him… Sam tipped the envelope over and what seemed like a million hand-written pages fell across the bed, along with a few mismatched pens and pencils. Sam took one of the pages into his hand with enough pressure to crinkle its edges. His eyes scanned madly back and forth, looking for any tell of the type of danger Cas had put them in.
I miss you.
The course of whispered apologies had slowly subsided, buried in Dean’s silent tears. Each shovel of dirt that he'd dropped into the grave seemed to suffocate the entire world. No noise came from anywhere, no colour either. Everything was empty.
“Yeah. Go us.” Dean barelly represses his cynicism. He should be thankful, this is pretty much the best outcome they could have hoped for. But fuck, Cas is still  unreachable and he’s just so damn tired of it all. He forces a smile on and hurriedly gets in the car, snapping the door shut with a bit too much force. Sam is still outside. His voice sounds wistful, brings Dean out of his torpor to look at his brother.
“Sorry Sam. I don’t think I’m getting up.”
Eventually, curiosity pushes him to his feet, and he starts walking in this forest filled with light. It shines on everything, paints every leaf golden. Dean crooks his neck to look at the bright blue sky and an easy laugh escapes his lips. Happiness fills him to the brim, the gentle kind he never thought he’d achieve while he was alive.
No, he has to picture tender hands, the way his tie folds over his stomach when he bends, crooked smiles that show just a little bit of teeth, and the stubble kissing at his jaw. His vision of Cas is all details, blurry on the edges, and it’s everywhere too. He keeps catching himself gazing into nothing and having little whispers of thoughts. Sometimes it’s Cas grabbing his hand. Sometimes it’s the woosh of wings (those are the worst, because Dean always stops breathing for a second, thinks Cas is right behind him, and of course he never is). Sometimes it’s odd words and phrases he heard him say. And every time, Dean’s heart misses a beat, and then he shakes his head and the shame buries the short-lived happiness.
“Been telling you for ages, idjit. Now go out there, poor guy spent enough time waiting!”
Sam looks at him like he asked how he knows 2+2=4. It’s a mix of pity and genuine concern. He ruffles his hair, acting like the older brother he so often is. His voice is soft when he answers.
“He said he loved me Sam.” He sounds like a kid, voice all small and guilty.
“But what am I… Sam, I miss him so much.”
Later, when he’s laying shirtless on Cas’ bed (and isn’t that incredible, the angel using his bed for one of its intended purposes), Dean stares at Cas as he pokes methodically at him. He feels a bit like a bug under a microscope, as Cas runs his fingers all over him, gaze intense. Dean brings his hand to Cas’ hair, ruffles it, asks him what he’s doing. He still can’t believe he gets to have this, Cas in his arms all happy and perfect. Cas probes at one of his newer scars, on his abdomen.
“I know Sammy, I know. Let’s just take care of this case first, alright?”
When they stop to eat, Sam’s gaze doesn’t leave Dean’s back. He asks him what’s wrong.
“This isn’t saving him, it's killing yourself!.”
It did feel like they connected again, after all these years, Sam and him. Through all the pain and hardships, and the long hours on the road filled by silence or classic rock. They talked again, really talked sometimes. Sam told him, if a bit reluctantly, about all of his gender stuff, lanky body buried in the seat of the impala, looking pointedly through the window, fingers with bitten nails tugging at his gnawed sweatshirt's strings. And Dean barely got the pronoms wrong, and not for very long, only stared a little bit in disbelief and wonder at the faded white scars on his sibling's chest, like St Thomas sticking his finger in Christ's wounds.
Dean swallows his bitching, takes another swing of whiskey. He’s sick of this, doesn’t want to have this conversation. Sam’s not letting him off the hook though.
“Dean!” Sam is screaming now, and yet he feels so far away, and Dean is slipping through. He wants to tell Sam that it’s alright, it really is. He’s fine with this, has been for a while now. He just hopes his brother ends up okay, doesn’t fall into despair, leads a good life. Maybe without him, he’ll be able to break free from the hunting life. Maybe Sam gets a shot to happiness. The white picket fence, the two kids and a dog, the hot spouse with a wide smile and a great ass, the pie cooling down by the window… the whole shabang. Dean thinks that’d be nice, that Sam deserves nothing less. He smiles at the thought as everything goes dark.
After spending way too much time getting into the beekeeper suit and almost falling on his ass twice, Dean lets Cas bring him over the beehives. They fly around him, landing all over the angel. As they do, he points and names them out to Dean.
Later again, Dean grabs Cas by the waist, and they slow-dance in the kitchen, to no music but the sound of their hearts. They’re in the small kitchen with yellow walls, but they’re also in a barn at night, and at a wasteland at the end of the world. They’re in a buried room that holds the memory of long dead men, and they’re bursting out of their skin but still not touching. They’re in a dirty motel room with a flickering TV on. They’re at a crossroads where demons go. They’re in a grey forest filled with fear and pain. They’re in a place Dean doesn’t recognize, so bright it burns his retinas. They’re in his childhood room, the one where his mother died. They’re everywhere at once, and they never let go of each other. This is everything heaven needs to be, Dean thinks: Cas’ hands in his, Cas not letting go of his hand.
Jack shakes his head then. He has the decency to look saddened by the thought when he tells Dean he can't reach Castiel. But it's a shallow look, like a busy father pretending to care about his son's imaginary friend's struggles. Jack is already very far away, Dean realises. Sam must have caught the same look, because he asks, with wonder coating his tongue:
“Oh moan all you want, but you know I’m right. You’re acting just like Dad did with Mom, and we both know how well that went. I’m not letting you repeat some shitty patterns because you’re too much of a dick to just talk to me.”
“Why not? He did it for me!” Dean chokes on the last words, tears filling his eyes. The facade of anger crumbles, leaving way to an unbearable wave of grief. He feels gutted, grabs at the edge of the couch for balance. And suddenly Sam has his arms wrapped around him, holding him up in a tight hug. Dean brings a shaky hand to his brother’s shoulder, grabs at thick flannel, smears blood all over it. One of Sam’s hands rubs soothing circles on his back, and the other brushes at the hair on the nape of his neck. Dean’s fingers bury themselves in Sam’s shirt, and he sniffles disgustingly in his shoulder. Sam’s weight around him grounds Dean, is a reminder that they’re both alive, and Dean lets out a shaky breath, buried against his brother’s neck.
“I miss him so fucking much Sam.” Dean sobs pitifully, is really crying all over his little brother's shoulder now. “What if he’s really gone?”
Dean lets out a breath he didn’t realise he was holding in, and tentatively steps in the room. Almost on autopilot, he sits down on the bed. Dust rises as he does. Cas really didn’t spend much time in his room, didn’t need to. They only gave him one for convenience, because it felt weird not to. Yet another way to bring the angel down to humanity’s level.
“It’s fine, I can carry you.”
Still, him and Sam try. They go out there and they really try. And it’s not enough. Because no one knows anything about the Empty. And all the books are useless. Weeks pass, then months. A year, then two. As time goes by, Dean grows more and more reckless. Sam slowly gives up again. They’re trying their hand at healthy communication, so he tells him so. Says he thinks they have to let Cas go, that it’s what he would have wanted.
As no one answers and Dean grows more desperate, he tries to put in all the forms. Maybe if he repeats enough hail Mary, crosses himself with enough vigor, maybe then his words will have enough power to reach someone, anyone. His knees are sore from falling to the floor, hands clasped and eyes shut. But no one answers. God is deaf and Dean is left a lonely worshipper.
GO SHOVWER THEM WITH LOVE @Tao_draws ON TWITTER
Dean chuckles, feet already carrying him back towards the forest.
They get into a sort of routine after this: researching the Empty at the bunker, hearing of a case, going to solve it, indulging in an unhealthy dose of violence, and back to the bunker. With time, Sam slowly stops giving books to Dean, stops researching as hard. He’s still supportive, of course, but Dean is scared, terrified even, that Sam realises, in a way that Dean can’t, won’t, refuses to, that Cas might be gone for real. Maybe Jack strengthened the rules. Maybe they're just genuinely powerless this time around. He doesn’t say it outloud, but he stops helping as much, fades into the background. He leaves hot plates of food to Dean when he stays up too late. He offers a shoulder to cry on. Dean doesn’t take it.
Bobby hums approvingly. “I think he’s waiting for you, kiddo.”
Sam doesn’t answer, just keep rubbing at his back and letting him make a mess all over his shirt. Dean thinks he doesn’t know what to say. Because he can’t just go “It’s alright, we’ll find him!” Neither of them are delusional enough for that. It’s been months and they haven’t made a dent in the biggest case of their lives: rescuing their best friend Castiel the angel from a special fucked up dimension no one knows about. It dawns over Dean suddenly, the terrifying thought that this may be the new normal. That no matter how hard they try, Cas won’t come back. And he’s supposed to keep on living like this, knowing he fucked it all up so bad. Knowing he came so close to having… something he can’t even put into words, and he spit on it and now Cas is gone and he might never come back and oh god oh fuck. He buries himself even deeper in Sam's shoulder, wants to disappear into a ball. His arm hurts under the pressure but it’s nothing compared to his heart breaking.
