Steve pulls out a cell phone that he’d confiscated a while ago from a weapons smuggler. It’s a magical trap that’ll help Steve figure out if Tony’s okay or not. Stephen’s put a spell on the device that’ll activate if it comes into contact with someone who’s being mind controlled. Not only that but it’ll render Tony immobile. Steve will cart Tony off to Stephen to break the spell and hopefully, that’ll be the end of that.
“Spill the beans, War Machine. What’s going on with him?” Sam says, pointing a finger at Tony, who is two seconds away from making frantic ‘cut it out!’ gestures at his best friend. “Is it something I need to be worried about?”
incredible fucking.
“My he-” Tony blinks his surprise away. “It’s a couple of days away.”
know is that something is up.
With a touch of humor, Tony points out, “Careful there Steve. That almost sounds like a proposal.”
“I’m here. I’m here! I’m sorry.” Steve apologizes, one hand wrapping around Tony’s wrist.
Tony swallows, dry throat clicking, before he shakes his head. He needs to not let his dick get the better of him. It would be embarrassing if Steve found out about his crush by smelling how horny Tony is for him. Because if Steve’s
“I’m a tactile person,” Steve admits easily, dropping a kiss on Tony’s shoulder. His hands happily indulge in their newfound freedom, sneaking a little too close to Tony’s crotch, something he gets a reprimanding slap for. Steve pouts but obediently keeps his hands on Tony’s hips.
She feels someone’s hand come to rest on top of her head. It’s a big hand. Warm. “Kamala?” The voice asks far too loudly for her liking. Is that Tony? Ugh. He’s got a nice voice but right now it feels like someone’s stabbing her brain with needles or something. She can’t stop herself from whimpering, body trying to curl up into herself.
Steve exhales before asking, “Lead the way, FRIDAY?”
He smiles faintly as he turns to watch Steve walk out of the bathroom as well, vigorously toweling his hair dry. Like Tony, he’s naked and he looks like a vision.
Fuck. Tony lungs suddenly feel full of
Even Tony’s lab, which he’d hoped would be the most familiar part of this new base, is different. It’s not as flashy; it's smaller. It seems as austere as everything else here. His heart, which had sunk down to the pit of his stomach, goes all the way down to his boots when he catches sight of Tony, staring at a trio of computer screens.
. Tony can’t stop marveling at the fact at the ease with which they fall into each other, move together.
There been these moments, insignificant little times like this, where it hits Tony that he’s
Sam starts at how suddenly Carol whips around to face him. Rhodey however, beats her to the punch by loudly asking, “Steve asked him out?”
Even before Civil War, there had been a palpable air of weary “I’m too busy to stop and talk right now” hanging around Tony. Add in the guilt of his actions after said war and Tony had been walking around with the weight of the world on his shoulders. Yes, there’s still the usual cool confidence to his gait but the first thing most people thought about upon seeing Tony these days tended to be “he looks tired.” And there’s also the way that Tony’s been terrible at meeting his gaze since his return. The few times he has, Tony has looked away guiltily. Like he can’t stand to look at Steve. Which invariably pisses Steve off because after
And yet. As Oscar Wilde said. ‘I can resist everything but temptation.’ And above all, there’s the smallest part of Steve that’s desperately hungry for Tony’s attention (and affection). And that’s the voice that slips through his teeth in the smallest of whispers to ask, “What’s the truth?”
Before Tony can say anything, Steve grabs hold of him and kisses the stuffing out of him. Carol and Sam make matching noises of surprise. Hank makes a weird ‘gruk!’ sound. And Enchantress says, voice dripping with disgust, “This wasn’t what I had planned!” Someone hits her, probably Thor if the heavy
Voice lowering, Steve says, “Me dying the way I did? At the courthouse?” Tony’s eyes widen, his happiness going out like a candle in a storm. Steve tightens his grip on Tony. “It wasn’t your fault.”
They fall into an easy rhythm after that. Tony works on his tablet while Kamala slogs through her homework. They both jolt in their seats when a loud ringtone blares through the speakers.
Now, all that’s left to do is wait until date night. So basically, he’s gone from being nervous about one thing to being nervous about another. He hadn’t realized, however, that this was something his friends had picked up on.
Personally, Steve thinks he’s got the resilience part handled. Just look at all the shit he’s been through in the last year of his life. He died, came back, brought SHIELD back, and put together a new Avengers team. He can handle anything that life throws in his way. The forgiveness part though? That needs work. At least when it comes to Tony. Because as soon as Hill tells him, “Enchantress put a spell on Tony and he’s lost all his inhibitions. Wilson called and said you need to get there pronto”--Steve’s got five different potential clusterfucks popping up in his head
Steve had meant
“They found the ring?” Sam asks, looking up from his phone with mild interest.
. Kamal would probably die of embarrassment if they do that.
His kind smile has a tint of melancholy to it that makes her want to hug Tony. The only reason she doesn’t is because he gently ruffles her hair and tells her, “‘Were’ being the operative word. There’s no going back from some of the choices we’ve both made. You find friends, you lose friends. That’s just a part of life.”
Steve shoots Tony a pained look, not sure what’s happening, why it’s happening, or what he’s done to deserve this torture. Silently he pleads for forgiveness and mercy from Pepper. Tony’s dark eyes hold him hostage for a long few seconds before Tony blinks and looks away. Steve exhales, touching his chest in relief. But then his breath gets yanked out of his body when he feels Tony’s touch on his elbow.
He should have guessed who the sender was from her comment.
attempt. In fact, Steve’s content to lay all the blame at Tony’s feet and call it a day. So, color Tony sour. He knows how he’s messed up but it’s not like Steve’s completely blameless either.
has Tony already learned what Steve likes? “What?” he pants in confusion, already forgetting the question.
After a thoughtful silence, he murmurs slowly, “End of the day, it’s about trust. He doesn’t trust me, I don’t totally trust him either.” Tony glances at her with a weak smile. “That sounds weird, doesn’t it? Who doesn’t trust Steve Rogers?”
Frowning slightly, Steve almost asks, ‘Say what?’ but then it clicks. Honey and lemon drips in. Steve feels golden amber warm. He grins at Tony and says, “I love you too, you jerk.”
. Every single part of her essence is key smashing while foaming at the mouth because this is the biggest plot twist of the
you?” Steve teases, heart feeling fit to burst at Tony’s laugh.
The look he gets from his best friend disagrees. Tony, however, finds his attention drawn to Carol because she looks ready to thump him. Probably for keeping her in the dark but come on! She should know that he’s not that type of guy! But abruptly, Carol’s indignation disappears. Instead, there’s pure confusion left behind.
? Another drop of sweat forms on Steve’s face, this one on his nose. His breathing has gone shallow too and his arm is trembling faintly as he keeps holding that mug out.
Steve gives the restaurant entrance a long, considering look before he holds his arm out to Tony. “Let’s go for a walk. Catch up.”
The awe in Steve’s voice makes Tony want to preen with delight. He wants to beg for more praise. Like a sunflower turning to face the sun, Tony rolls his hips up into Steve’s hand and groans throatily, pleading for more.
“We won’t do that!” Kamala promises. “We’re just going to create situations where they can meet up. And if we happen to be there, we’ll try to steer the conversation so that they’ll talk.”
And now there’s a third drop of sweat; this one rolls down the side of Steve’s face as he swallows hard, his smile weakening under Tony’s stern gaze. “Um… yes? I mean. I wanted to thank you. For uhh… putting up with us. Putting us up in the Tower! But also putting up with us because we’re not easy people to put up.”
“Yes,” Tony moans, turning his face into Steve’s fingers. His dry lips brush against Steve’s knuckles and part, dropping soft kisses until they hit fingertips. Tony opens his mouth wider, wanting to suck on Steve’s fingers but Steve moves his hand away. A whine echoes in Tony’s chest, stomach clenching because why is Steve pulling away? Doesn’t he want Tony?
Tony takes a step forward, telegraphing his intent by placing his hands on Steve’s chest. He feels Steve’s breath hiccup in surprise underneath his palms. But Steve doesn’t move away. Instead, his hands move. One takes hold of Tony’s hand and the other moves up to cup Tony’s face. Eyes going half-mast, Tony holds his breath in anticipation. Inhale; Steve’s leaning in. Exhale; Steve’s eyes are closing. Inhale; contact.
Laughing, Tony nods. “You’d win that bet.” He nods at the restaurant, “You want to see if our table’s open or take a walk?”
Steve thinks happily, burying his face in Tony’s shoulder.
It’s the single most erotic thing Tony’s heard. The pleasure is
Wow that was… Tony stares at Steve with something close to pity because that was just
Steve thinks muzzily, hand moving towards the bedside table lamp. He's going to need some fucking lights to see where the fuck had he thrown the quilt away.
Well... that...
oatmeal cookies. Sighing, Tony reaches out to touch Steve’s shoulder, who starts hard enough for some of the coffee to slosh to the floor and their shoes. Tony has to bite his lips to keep from letting out a braying laugh at Steve’s shocked and dismayed expression.
A touch embarrassed Steve smiles and shrugs. “You knew that when you fell in love with me.”
Kamala pleads silently.
He’d just hoped that his friendship with Steve, their love, would survive the bitter cold storms of his own making.
“Promise?” Tony pants, staring at Steve’s handsome profile. The scenery outside, behind Steve, is a dark and gold blur; the light and shadow play happening on Steve’s face is stunning. Steve’s eyes pull away from the road and lock onto Tony, who squirms under the hot gaze. “You promise you’ll fuck me when we get back?”
, why isn’t there more leg room? Tony wants to spread his legs and get a good angl- actually. Why does he still have pants on? There’s just too many things wrong with this scenario.
Tony’s managed to unbuckle his belt and has his pants half-way down his thighs when the car screeches to a halt. Which is terrible for him because he almost crashes chest-first into the dashboard but Steve soccer mom’s him in the blink of an eye. Their eyes fly to each other, different degrees of surprise reflected therein.
, Tony frowns. Steve shouldn’t be feeling so tense. He should be relaxed.
“Anything I can help with?”
evening with his husband all because of fucking Victor Von Doom. Tony hopes they throw the whole damn library at the idiot's thick head.
!” Tony repeats himself, frowning. “I forgot, okay? I just...”
“Given that I’m friends with you both, I’m going to warn you
“I know,” Tony says, voice blessedly low. “Doesn’t mean I’m not worried about her.” Another creak, softer this time. “Is this how you felt whenever I got banged up?”
erotic. There had been something about Tony on his knees, kissing Steve’s dick with such reverence... Steve could feel himself getting hard all over again.
And then he blows out the candles.
Her soul is
“We don’t have to do anything you don’t want to,” he tells Steve, voice quiet. It’s dark inside the apartment and Tony doesn’t want to turn on the lights for some reason. Somehow, staying in the shadows like this makes this feel more real.
Tony doesn’t seem to receive those silent signals. Instead, he stands in front of Steve, looking happy-as-can-be and abuzz with energy as he asks, voice low but obviously pleased, “Were you worried about me?”
? Kamala wonders, wincing when she hears an annoyingly sharp creak from somewhere nearby.
Steve’s fingers finally find the zipper to Tony’s pants and drag the tab down. “Fuck,” Tony exhales, eyes rolling back as Steve teases him through his soaked briefs. “Do that again.”
“Breakfast?” his lover asks, raking his hand through Steve’s head.
you guys fought,” Rhodey chimes in. “And you guys were just friends back then. If you start dating then, I think that’s a fair concern to have. You were a fucking wreck then Tony. None of us want to see you that way again, ever.”
“Yes! Steve and Tony,” Tony interrupts, voice loud enough to drown the others out. “And as much as I appreciate the concern, we’ll be
Steve tries not to splutter as he asks, “What? But your spell...”
Steve swallows and shakes his head. The what-if’s aren’t important. He needs to turn his face forward. He needs Tony to understand that they’re on the same page. And knowing Tony, he might not hear what Steve’s saying.
In his most indulgent moments, way back when, Steve would lie in bed and imagine what it would be like to kiss Tony. Lovely, undoubtedly. Sometimes he had imagined them falling into a passionate embrace after a heated battle. Other times he had imagined them turning to each other in the dead of night, when it would feel like they were the last two people left on Earth.  But he’d never imagined this scenario where he’d be kissing Tony to convince him that they’re on the same page, emotionally.
“I trust you!” Tony interjects, immediately. “Why would you think I don’t?”
“Is it who I think it is?” Sam asks.
sore tomorrow. And it’ll be worth it. Also, wow. Did Steve fuck him so good that he’s having his first moment of clarity so early on in his heat? That’s fucking incredible
Shame curls in the pit of Steve’s belly as he reminds himself that no, that’s a lie. He knows
Is that a word? Handsomeness? Kamala makes a mental note to look that up when she’s back home.
, in a tone dripping with hurt. “Steve asked you out and you didn’t
With an ever-so-slight tilt to his head, Vision considers the question. “No more than ten minutes. Please stay here. I shall come get you when it’s time to leave.”
. In fact, and this throws Steve for a loop, he can’t remember the last time Tony looked at him with such a look of pure delight. (It was before Wanda, that much Steve is certain.) There’s no negative emotions hiding in the depths of Tony’s eyes. There’s no guilt, no caution, no trepidation. Just unbridled delight.
in the knowledge that in his learning. As an engineer, Tony’s committed himself to a lifetime of learning. And now, as he teases Steve’s length with the back of his fingers, Tony hungers to learn everything he can about Steve, his body, his mind, his heart.
Tony laughs, a quick bark of amusement, before he pulls Steve into a tight hug. “Love you back, Winghead.”
Carol’s eyes are bouncing between them, expression shifting from pissed off to confused to shocked. At Rhodey’s comment, her jaw drops. Tony knows what she’s going to say before she says it. His stomach flips when Carol asks, “Are you dating
?” Carol all but yells.
Tony nods, unhappy and miserable. The last embers of his anger turn ashen and there’s nothing left. Steve needs a moment to collect himself, reeling in disbelief because he’s dreamed of this moment for years. Having Tony against the ropes, admitting his wrongdoing, obviously regretful. It doesn’t feel the victory Steve thought it would.
She doesn’t realize how tight she’s holding herself until Miles drops a hand on her shoulder and quietly asks, “You okay?”
promises he’d made...
“Vision and Nova are training. Kamala left early due to a family emergency. Miles and Jarvis are in the kitchen making popcorn. Thor will be arriving from Mexico in 5 hours 11 minutes and 25 seconds. Tony is in his lab.”
Heartened by Sam’s trust in him, Steve nods. “You can count on me. I’ll help in whatever way I can.”
“How’d he look at Tony?” Sam asks.
“Took me a while,” Steve admits wryly. Whoa! Since when has Tony’s hand been on Steve’s knee? How’d Kamala miss that? “You might have noticed that I was having a bit of a crisis of my own.”
date night. Which means...
Miles frowns up at the ceiling. He drums his fingers slowly against his bicep as he thinks. Sam meanwhile, is staring at his drink.
Curious, Kamala rests her chin on her knees and ponders.
The greeting is unexpected, comforting, and distressing all at the same time. Then he steps inside and there’s only distress left. The new base is a far cry from the mansion and the Tower. It’s...
would be moving too fast.
Tony buries his face in his hands, groaning. Is there a hole he can crawl into and die out of sheer embarrassment? Because of
It’s like being with someone for the first time is hard (ha, pun) but there’s always... it always feels a bit of a test for Tony. He want to make sure his partner enjoys themselves. To that extent, there’s a fair amount of trial and error that has to be done in real time. What does the other person like, what’s the no-goes. What can he do to make sure the other person is having a good time, you know? It’s the kind of stress that makes him do his best.
Frozen in uncertainty, Steve clutches the pale sheets in his lap and watches Tony sleepily walk up to him. He’s not sure what’s Tony planning to do or what he’s thinking but Steve’s
He closes the distance between them, one hand rising up to cup Tony’s cheek and the other going around the brunet’s waist. It’s a butterfly kiss at first. A gentle brush of his lips against Tony’s, here and gone. Not enough by any standards. Tony’s eyes fly open in surprise and Steve holds himself still, hoping desperately that his face isn’t red. Tony’s lips shape Steve’s name. His fingers squeeze Steve’s waist.
Steve stares at Tony, unable to comprehend what’s just been said, implied.
Pleased, Steve follows suit. He presses his hand in the center of Tony’s back. He counts the space between his breathing. Steve closes his eyes and mirrors Tony; breathe in, breathe out. Over and over again until peace settles over Steve like his favorite fleece blanket.
Distractedly scrapping the eggs around the pan, Tony snarks, “You’re right. If you hadn’t been distracting me with kisses, these eggs wouldn’t be burnt around the edges.”
allow him to do. What if he wants to drink? What if he wants to make something that might hurt people? What’ll he do then?
“Nothing’s broken?” Tony parrots back, crossing his arms as he stares Steve down. “There’s no bad news you wanna tell me about? You just made this coffee out of the goodness of your heart because you thought I needed a treat? You just wanted to surprise me?”
all within ten minutes. But the probability isn’t zero.
. It’s so bare bones it hurts. This is proof of how far the Avengers have fallen. But the team
“We’re
“But, honestly. It really did feel like the right moment. The conversation, how close we were, the way you looked at me... it just clicked. If I had to put it in more concrete terms, I’d say I did the futurist thing you do except for us.”
On the phone, Sam sighs audibly. “Look. I’m not going to make excuses for him because what he said was seriously out of line. I’m just saying that he needs some time.”
Carol sighs, “Sorry if I don’t trust you. You’ve got a history of downplaying your injuries.”
“How do you even know that?” Sam asks. “We’ve never seen them fight before.”
Tony shakes his head, tears gathering at the corners of his eyes again. He takes a step back, out of Steve’s embrace. “Not the way I love you.”
“Maybe...” Tony hedges. Sam stares at him, obviously waiting for an explanation. Tony sighs before admitting, “we talked the other day. And I said something that upset her.”
“Really,” she answers. She nods towards Steve, Tony, and Cap. “What do you think they’re talking about?”
Steve pulls Tony against him after he’s come, wanting them to be tangled together as he catches his breath.
Tony looks gobsmacked. He stares and stares and stares at Steve, lips parted in surprise. He looks too pale under the kitchen lights, making his dark eyes stand out all the more. There’s so much shock in Tony’s eyes as he watches Steve, asking, “You… even after all these years?”
Muted surprise passes over Tony’s expression. “Okay...”
Tony follows his glance, sorrow turning into alarm when he realizes that eggs have indeed burnt. He hurriedly pulls the pan off the stove but there’s obviously no salvaging the food. With an angry little jerk, Tony slams the pan down on the counter. The force of his shove sends some of the eggs flying out. With an irritated exhale, Tony plants his hands on the marble and stays there, a study in frustration.
Her eyes widen in awed recognition. “It’s Captain America!”
been processed and Steve’s brain has broken. Because there’s devastation left in the aftermath of Tony’s confession. Steve can’t think. Can’t breathe. Can’t
Steve looks up and his big blue eyes are wet with unshed tears. “I didn’t mean to! I was trying to teach him how to play frisbee and he got a little too overexcited and crashed into a wall!” Tony opens his mouth to point out that
He hates this. Steve hates how conflicted he’s feeling right now. And all because Tony’s just walking up to him looking like Steve’s the sun shining out from behind the thunderclouds. The radiance of it, after years of stormy weather, is too much for Steve to take. This is not the emotional flash-flood he’d braced himself for. Unsettled and unmoored, Steve tries frantically to grab the loose reins of his emotions. He throws his chest out, stands firm, chin slightly turned up as a silent challenge to Tony.
Tony doesn’t know what to say to that. He
And Steve just gave the whole game away with that because only Rhodey knows how much Tony
On the other end of the line, Stephen sighs. “It would only activate if the subject of the spell was being controlled at the time. Mind control spells are intensely complicated because the caster doesn’t want to be caught. Frankly, if you’re caught? You’re an amateur. And very few casters have the power to control someone 24/7. The best spells are the ones where the subject isn’t even aware that they’re being mind controlled.”
Tony takes a long sip from his mug before he asks, “Is it about what we talked about last week?”
, Steve.”
As Steve collects all the used cutlery, he keeps glancing up at Tony, for no other reason beyond that he can. It feels like a dream, seeing Tony back in the compound. He’s obviously not the man he was before, as evidenced by the new lines on his handsome face and his salt and pepper beard. If Tony looked distinguished before, now he just looks…
Looking up, Steve sees Tony doing a hard but lazy stretching of his limbs before he begins a lazy amble towards the bed. “Tony,” Steve begins, not sure if he wants to apologize or tell Tony to stop but Tony walks up to the end of the bed, hiding temporarily from Steve’s sight. Another sweet jingle and Tony's hopping into the bed, making a beeline for Steve.
“She’s okay, Tony,” the second person says. Tony’s hand stills on top of her head. Kamala directs her attention to the man. He sounds so familiar... His name is right on the tip of his tongue. “The doctor said as much.”
Thankfully, Kamala’s spared from hearing Tony’s response because an angel of mercy, a blond nurse wearing green scrubs, parts the curtains and cheerfully says, “‘Scuse me, coming in.”
Steve’s fingers trace the sharp edge of Tony’s jaw as he asks, “Why is that so hard for you to believe?”
Before Steve has time to process this new information, Tony’s turning back to look at him. Almost immediately, the good humor in Tony’s eyes fades away, replaced with concern as he studies Steve’s expression. “What is it? I promise I’m fine. Just some bruises but nothing more serious than that.”
“Yeah...” Kamala sighs. “It sucks when you think about it. They went from being the core Avengers and best friends to total strangers. I can’t remember the last time they’ve hung out together. There was a time they were hanging out in civies
Fondly, Tony shakes his head. “So, you went with your gut, is what you’re telling me.”
“We need to do brunch so that I can get more details out of you,” Carol tells him, grinning despite herself. “I should have said this before but I’m glad. You guys... you make sense.”
The wetness between his thighs grows; it’s uncomfortable as hell by this point. Tony squirms in his seat, clumsy fingers struggling with his belt buckle. He wants to touch himself. He
wishes he could bail on this dinner all together but him and Pepper have a deal. He gets to bail on practically any event (provided there’s extenuating circumstances aka a superhero emergency) provided he will attend three events in full every year. The first event is the Maria Stark Foundation’s Annual Charity Ball. The second is a fundraiser all the Avengers participate in to help raise money for a children’s hospital. And the third is this particular dinner, whose proceeds go towards financing STEM and art programs for schools across the nation.
to Steve Rogers. After all their years of friendship, all the fights, arguments, near misses, the pining… they’ve made it here. Not only that, they’ve made it past the one year mark as well. It’s been difficult but it’s been worth it. All the hard talks, the arguments, swallowing his pride… it’s all worth the privilege of waking up next to Steve every morning.
It’s better than nothing. “Thanks Stephen. I appreciate it.”
The rating just went up to M ;)
Steve helplessly shrugs because yeah. Tony rubs his free hand over his face and sighs tiredly. “Of all the times…” He looks up, surprise pushed aside to make way for stern determination. “Tomorrow. After we’ve unsnapped Thanos’ decision. We’ll talk.”
, she muses. He’s listening to one of the teachers now, serious expression shifting into solemn sympathy the longer the lady talks. His features soften, taking years off his  face and adding to his overall handsomeness.
the shaky signature.
That is, until Maria Hill calls him and reminds him if he doesn’t submit his paperwork, she’s going to kick his ass. She sounds like she means it so Steve, with tremendous reluctance, pulls the reports closer.
We're past the half-way mark now!
Steve feels a mother of a headache coming on. He massages his forehead as he says, “So what you’re saying is that Tony could still be under a spell.”
Who should make the first move? Would Tony want him to take the lead? How far would Tony want to go? How far does
“You’re a paragon of virtue,” Tony tries to tease back but his voice is too hoarse and rough for it to sound teasing.
“If you play your cards right, I just might.”
Wickedness sparkles in Steve’s eyes even as he smiles innocently at Tony. “You’re the one who agreed to let me pick what we’re going to watch on Thursday nights.”
Tony to understand that in his eyes? A world without Tony Stark isn’t a world worth staying in.
Ignoring Tony’s concerned question, Steve turns around. That’s when he realizes that Carol and Hank have left. Probably to give them some privacy. There’s just him, Tony, and an unhappy looking Sam in the med-bay. Steve meets Sam’s dark eyes and pleads, “What is going on?”
“Shoot,” Tony says distractedly, mindlessly flipping through the TV channels. He doesn’t often hang out in the rec room but he’s got some time to kill while FRIDAY tests some new code. Sure he could sleep but if he falls asleep now, he’s going to pass out for half the day. It’s just more efficient to stay awake for another three hours and then get back to work. Now if only he could find something to watch...
Thankfully, the doors open as soon as Steve slams his hand on the button, an action that comes with an audible cracking noise. Steve spins Tony around so that his back hits the wall and crows in immediately, hungry lips seeking out Tony’s parted ones.
“Whoa,” she breathes out in wonder, feeling the tiniest bit of emotional whiplash when Steve schools his expression to disinterest when Cap looks back at him. Turning to look at her friends, Kamala asks, “Did you guys see that?”
He’s leaning over the gearbox, lips parted with hunger as he lowers his head down down into Steve’s lap, mind spinning even as his heart sings with happiness. He’s going to learn what Steve looks like, tastes like,
Tony slides one hand down his chest and purrs, “Please. Just let me touch myself. It hurts so bad Steve.”
, Steve groans. “Okay. And how soon do you think you’ll be back?”
Spluttering, Tony gestures in confusion between them. “I’m not a fifteen-year-old girl, Rhodey! I don’t gossip about things!”
why Tony’s upset with him. He’s tried to kill Tony twice now. But anger licks the edges of his shame and turns it to ash because Tony doesn’t get to be mad at him. Tony’s betrayal outweighs Steve’s actions.
“Steve? Darling?” Tony asks. Steve wants to shake his head but he’s frozen in place, staring at Tony in mounting horror. He’d have stayed like that, a living tribute to regret and ill-informed, brash decisions, if Tony hadn’t touched his face with unbearing gentleness. “Are you okay?”
He can joke with Steve, tease him, and even pick up his hand and kiss his knuckles when he feels the urge. He doesn’t have to hide in front of Steve. He could roll up his sleeves as he ate, steal a piece of sushi out from under Steve’s nose and offer him a bite of his eel dish in return. He can run his admiring eyes over Steve’s form as he delicately picks up some sashimi and savors the taste of it.
. I want you. I’ve wanted you for ages.”
But, it occurs to Steve, as Tony presses delicate, butterfly kisses over his face, that it’s not falling. It’s lifting him up. Every bit of praise Tony showers him with, all the proud smiles Tony directs his way, they make Steve feel like he’s walking on air. And now, in bed with Tony, being told that he’s the best thing that’s happened to Tony, he’s going to be cared of,
Sam raises his glass to toast him, “Good luck dating Steve. He’s a handful.”
“Says who? I say you get to make a wish.”
say something weird, she’ll just... hypnotize herself into forgetting. Or ask someone to magic the memory away. That’s gotta be a perk of being a superhero, right? Asking someone who knows magic to do you a solid?
And he hasn’t deigned to apologize for
An incredulous blink and Tony’s laughing. He’s shaking his head as he says, “Seriously?”
A record scratches in Tony’s head.
The urge to crawl into a hole and cry herself to sleep for a few years comes back up. Kamala winces and says, “Sorry. I’ve had a lot to think about. I promise I’ll be better tomorrow. I’m working on it.”
Steve stiffens when he feels Tony touch the space between his shoulder blades. His stomach clenches when Tony says, “Before you think about it, the spell doesn’t give birth to new feelings. They simply bring existing feelings forward.”
“No!” Tony exclaims, acutely aware of how hot his face feels. Under three pairs of disbelieving eyes, Tony hunches in on his glass of water and mumbles, “Not yet?”
“It’s honestly just a simple thank you coffee like, I found it in the cabinet with your note on it and I thought that I’d do something nice for you because you’re doing lots of nice things for us and it felt right to return the favor even if it’s just coffee. And it’s totally not me trying to butter you up. It really isn’t. Do you want cookies by the way? They're still in the oven because I wanted them to stay warm. Not that cooled cookies are bad but oven-fresh is the best way to go, right?”
He remembers the barely repressed hurt and anger in Carol’s tone as she’d told him how close to the edge Tony had been after his death.
Steve flies down to New Jersey the first chance he gets. He stands outside the gates of the abandoned airstrip and finds himself short of breath. There’s a piercing pain in his chest that Steve finds himself trying to rub away.
Steve’s notoriously bad about remembering anniversaries and birthdays and things like that. Tony’s known that about him and accepted it. He’s the one who’s been remembering for both of them; organizing dates and putting in reminders into Steve’s calendar for various occasions. This is the most wonderful change of pace.
But who on Earth would go to this much trouble? And to what end?
And there’s joy.
Err... are they flirting? Are they really flirting by her bedside while she’s hurt? ... Should she let them know that she’s awake? That’d be the polite thing to do right? God knows she doesn’t want them saying something...
“And is it regular? To the date?”
Guilt eats away at the pit of his stomach as he watches Cap chide Kamala, whose eyes glimmer with unshed tears, telling her she needs to be more serious about her training. After the kids leave, Tony tells Sam, “A little hard on her, don’t you think?”
Kamala would like the record to state that she hates the Wrecking Crew. Capital H. Hate. She understands that ‘hate’ is a strong word but hate them she does. Because one of them, she didn’t see who had conked her on the head with something and made her pass out in the middle of a fight.
“You’re welcome, Steve. Keep me posted.”
It’s Steve and Tony.”
“I think she’s still out,” another voice says. It’s also masculine but softer. Who is that... Kamala knows that voice...
“But if you
Because it’s not possible. Tony can’t have loved him from the start. It can’t be real. There’s no way. Because if he did... if he did,
Careful of the burning candle, Tony closes the distance between them for a lingering kiss. Steve’s the one to pull away first again, this time whispering, “Make a wish.”
Dragging a hand down her face, Kamala corrects herself, “Without Steve and Tony. But also, you gotta admit, Cap and Tony don’t fight with the same kind of efficiency Steve and Tony used to.”
the time.”
Steve obliges, rubbing against the underside of Tony’s dick with firm fingers. Tony body arches up into the touch.
Something tips Tony off that Steve’s standing at the doorway because he stops what he’s doing and turns around. There’s a split second before Tony puts his game face on and it tells Steve everything he needs to know about where they stand. There’s wide-eyed surprise mixed with guarded caution and fear.
“There’s only three people who know the best way to soften me up is by offering me food. Who told you?” Tony asks, unable to stop himself from giving Steve’s back a little sympathetic rub because poor Steve looks
“I didn’t talk you into anything. I just asked you for a favor and you said yes.” Tony reminds him, gently slapping Steve’s hands away from his tie but it’s too late. The damn thing is crooked now. With a small tut, Tony steps forward to fix Steve’s tie. “If anyone should be complaining, it’s me.”
. We don’t need to be on the same team to make things work. Because we’re committed to making them work regardless of the situation!”
The odds of Tony writing this under someone else’s influence is tremendously high. And if that’s the case? Steve needs to fly down to the new Avengers base and check on Tony himself.
“But if you could be friends with him again... wouldn’t you want that?”
Steve tilts his head in acquisition. “What do you want to do now?” He asks, deftly changing the subject.
Steeling herself, Kamal forces her body to move. She takes her time, mostly out of concern that she doesn’t get tangled up in anything but also because she wants to be super obvious to the pair. As she settles down, back to Steve and Tony, Kamal feels a sense of satisfaction. That should have worked, right?
That’s just vague enough to make Sam and Carol turn on him. What’s alarming is that Tony sees Sam’s eyes widen in understanding. He can't help but wonder if Steve’s told Sam. There are good odds of that. But Sam’s also had a front-row seat to the Steve and Tony show so, he might accidentally arrive at the right conclusion anyway. Carol, however, is obviously burning up with curiosity.
“I love you too Tony Stark,” Steve’s tired rumble penetrates through the happy fog that’s flooding Tony’s head.
“Does that not work?” Steve worriedly asks. “We can skip the big plans and go for something simple.”
Swallowing harshly, Steve closes the gap between them to press his forehead against Tony’s. “I’m sorry I made you feel that way,” he whispers, eyes squeezed shut in misery. “I never meant to make you feel like you’re not good enough.”
Kamala could hug the nurse. Seriously. If she could sit up, she would! Behind her, she hears the abrupt screech of a chair sliding back across the floor. Seems like the pair were caught by surprise.
They’re almost at the med-bay but Sam pauses. He stops and shoots Steve a mildly confused look. “Because it’s Tony? And you guys haven’t really made up after
“Oh! Hello Steve,” Hank says, finally realizing they’ve got company. “What brings you here?”
there as well. Attraction. That has Steve taking a step back, feeling incredibly wrong footed because why is Tony looking at him like that? Steve almost turns around to see if there’s a lady standing behind him who Tony is looking at.
Watching Tony smile at him with no reservation and open love has Steve rising up to kiss Tony’s smile. He’s thinking about dragging Tony back down and keeping him in bed for the rest of the day when the man gently pulls back, flicking Steve’s ear. “Food first. Sex later.”
Tony sighs before picking up the call. “Hey Sam.”
Tony follows the gentle tug and rises to his feet. He tries to take a step forward but stumbles on his own feet. His nose bumps into soft cotton and hard muscles.
When their eyes meet, Steve stops fidgeting and grins. The nervousness that had been pouring off him disappears. Now there’s awe, amazement, delight, anticipation, all rolled up in this complex but happy smile.
With a smile, Tony tells his boyfriend, “Steve. We’ve been dancing around this for almost 15 years now. I think
Seriousness bleeds into Steve’s eyes as he asks, sounding as alpha as Tony’s ever heard him. “Tony. I’m going to ask you again. Are you sure you want to spend your heat with me? There’s still time to find you another alpha.”
Steve could get up and clean up. Maybe grab something to eat. But instead, he lies in bed and observes Tony. This is a rare opportunity when Tony’s guard is all the way down and Steve wants to take advantage of it.
“Funny you should say that,” Carol says, fingers tapping against her glass. “I asked him the same thing a couple of weeks ago and he refused to say anything then too.”
It’s the scariest thing he’s had to admit in an age but this is Tony. Tony who has seen Steve at his best and worst and always held his hand out in friendship, love, and support. Tony who always catches Steve when he falls. Tony who opens his eyes and looks at him with so much hope that Steve’s knees almost give out on him.
Jesus. They’re four simple words and yet they send a bolt of lust through Tony. His hand slides down, feeling the grain of Steve’s stubble, the pounding of his jugular, the softness of his coat. That last one needs to go.
Flapping her hand in excitement, Kamala asks, “Not
He’s quick to tear his eyes away from the attractive sway of Tony’s hips and shift back to Tony’s face. He needs to focus on the mission. He needs to know which Tony he’s dealing with. And for that, Tony’s eyes will be the dead giveaway. When Tony had been inverted? His eyes had burned electric blue. If Tony’s lost his morals again, then his eyes would reflect that. But when he pays attention, there’s just Tony’s usual eyes. Except they seem to be clearer,
She’s called Miles and Sam for an emergency meeting at a coffee shop close to her school. As soon as they’d shown up, she’d explained her plan to them, or as she’s calling it “Operation Make Tony and Steve Friends Again.”
Steve’s lips are
As soon as their eyes meet, Steve realizes he was wrong in his initial assessment. Happiness isn’t the only emotion Tony’s feeling upon seeing him. There’s
that swells in him; it runs deeper than the Marinas Trench. It’s dangerous to hope at this point. Either of them could die tomorrow. It’s a cost Steve’s ready to pay if it means restoring the balance in the universe. But… this is also reason to
be ready for this. This isn’t the truth he knows. Steve’s not sure he’s strong enough to accept this because it flies in the face of every assumption he’s held for... since...
Steve’s smile grows as Tony rolls his eyes and elbows Steve. “I figured
“Unfortunately, I can’t. I’m currently in a different realm taking care of a demonic problem with Cleo.”
And that wraps it up :) I hope you enjoyed the story.
“I’d be offended if that wasn’t true,” Tony replies.
Wow. She wants to cry. She really, really wants to cry. She’s looked up to Captain America and Iron Man while growing up. Not just as heroes but also their friendship. Civil War had been
Tony’s voice shakes as he quips, “You’re going to get tired of me pretty soon then.”
Speaking of, Steve’s leaning back in his chair now, arm sliding around the back of Tony’s chair. Kamala eyes the move and how smoothly Steve's done that. It doesn’t look like Tony’s noticed it. If he has, he doesn’t show it. Instead, he’s focused on Steve, who is thoughtfully staring up at the ceiling.
“I guess. Sometimes.”
Steve breathes in deep because this is it. The opportunity of a lifetime. The scariest leap of faith he’s ever going to make. “I do love you,” he confesses. It’s a little shaky but it’s out there now. Manifested.
Tony sticks his head through the door and looks up and down the hallway. Faint lighting illuminates benches, a few paintings on the wall, a couple of large potted plants and that’s it. He’s going to guess this is a side of the building that doesn’t see a lot of action. As Tony steps through, waiting for Steve to follow, he wonders what’s up. He slips his phone and Avengers ID card out of his pockets, checking for any news of an emergency. There’s a couple of small incidents around town but the police seem to be handling them just fine. So whatever it is that Steve wants to talk about, probably isn’t Avengers related.
If only he had enough air in his lungs to throw all his hurt at Tony. But Steve’s breathless with anger and hurt, trembling under Tony’s hurting gaze.
“If he doesn’t, we’ll make sure he does,” Rhodey says, exchanging a look with Carol, who has a feral grin spreading across her face.
. Relaxing, Tony turns his face to kiss Steve’s jugular. Above him, around him, Steve shudders, hips jerking helplessly into Tony. Like somehow, he can push himself deeper into Tony than he already is. Tony shushes the man senselessly, kissing a fading hickey.
Sam shrugs. "Better safe than sorry.”
Steve turns his head into the gentle touch and sighs, “Yeah.”
Sam shrugs.
” Tony snaps. “Do you know how hard it is to pick a date that works for both of us? Not to mention find a place that’s got an open table literally a few days before Christmas?”
of a liar. He must telegraph his shocked amazement at Steve because Steve just
! What the hell happened after I left you guys alone?”
? Didn’t you say that-”
Grinning, Tony locks arms with Steve and asks, “So, how badly did Pepper scare you?”
Obviously distraught and in disagreement, Tony vehemently shakes his head.
“Do you know?” Carol shoots Tony a deeply wounded look. “You told him but not me?”
to realize that they don’t get along. Screw getting along. It looks like they’re barely civil to each other now. It makes her want to cry if she’s totally honest.
“It’s kind of hard to explain,” Steve begins slowly. Tony’s metaphorically and literally on the edge of his seat in anticipation. Somewhere nearby, someone throws up. Kamala tries hard not to grimace at how incredibly unromantic the mood is. After half a minute of thoughtful silence, Steve looks down to grin at Tony. “It felt like the right time.”
Steve Rogers looks as approachable and friendly as a block of ice. Kamala can’t help but wonder how Tony can walk up to the guy and start talking to him when he looks one wrong comment away from punching someone.
“Fuck if I know,” Miles shrugs.
It’s simple. It’s messy. It’s Steve. It’s him. It’s them. If it was hard to keep track of things before, it’s impossible now. All he can do is hold onto Steve, let himself be manhandled so that his leg is wrapped around Steve’s waist, back arched to push himself harder into Steve’s hot hand, pleading for the man to keep going.
“Want some help with that?” Steve asks when he feels Tony’s chub leaking against his hip. He hasn’t gone down on Tony yet and Steve’s surprised to realize that he
“You can thank my date for that,” Tony jokes, drawing Kim’s attention over to Steve, who stiffens minutely against Tony. Who drops his hand on Steve’s shoulder, more in the hopes of helping his relax than anything else, and introduces the two. “Steve, this is Kim Andrews, an old friend. Kim, this is Steve Rogers.”
Sam, however, is snorting. “Semantics. We’re all superheroes and we work together.”
So instead here is he, standing close but not close enough to the man he loves, the man he let slip away, aching to touch him and daring not to hope that maybe the kiss meant something more. He licks his lips and says in a rough voice, “You do. Look good.”
Tony’s ready to weep with delight and crawl into Steve’s lap but Steve it seems, has other plans. Manhandling Tony plans apparently because he throws the car door open and yanks Tony out through the drivers side. He stumbles out, tripping over his own feet a couple of times on his way to the elevator.
“Peachy keen,” Tony says with faux cheer.
Desperately, she points out, “You guys have been through bad things before and made up.”
So he smiles and nods. “We’ll talk,” he echoes.
Cool fingers press against his cheek. Tony exhales a dreamy sigh as Steve worriedly says, “Your fever’s getting worse. I think I should take you home. Your heat’s coming in faster than expected.”
Steve and Tony have conversations that shed a whole new light on their relationship
Tony looks around him and realizes that they’re in his car now. Steve’s in the driver's seat, body turned towards Tony, who is riding shotgun. Why not in here? They’re alone in an enclosed space. It’s as good a place as any other. In fact, Tony’s ready to crawl over the stick and sit in Steve’s lap, greedy and eager for more now that they’re alone. But Steve’s hand shifts, shifting so that the heat of his palm rests square against the base of Tony’s neck and squeezes.
“I just want you by my side. Where you’re supposed to be.” Steve takes a deep breath to steady himself before confessing, “I know you don’t trust me to-”
Anyways. He lies to Kamala and almost believes himself. If only for Kamala’s sake.
“I kinda don’t. But there’s no way of knowing what the future holds.”
“All you had to do was ask.” Steve murmurs against his lips.
Tags got updated!
“What?”
“You need to tell me when you’re free first,” Tony retorts immediately, mirroring Steve’s grin.
“Sick to my stomach with worry? Counting down the seconds waiting for you to wake up? Torn between wanting to shake some sense into you and hugging you forever?” The man asks.
Tony smiles at her. “Hey, you never know. We might be.”
And this letter Tony’s written? It’ll probably be more of his old tricks. It’s probably a non-apology. Tony’ll share his ‘legitimate’ reasons for his unscrupulous actions, avoid responsibility, and appeal to Steve’s emotions for forgiveness. Typical Tony stuff.
Instead of sharing all that, Tony wraps up his arms around Steve’s shoulders and pulls him in, whispering back, “I’m thinking about how much I want to kiss him.”
sexy.
She turns around to face Tony, who stands in the dining room doorway with a cup of coffee in hand. It looks like he’s just come out of a shower; his hair is damp and he’s wearing his lounging clothes. “You got a second?”
“I guess I’d start small. Test the waters.”
Tomorrow's the big day. They're going to put their plan into motion. They’ll wear their new suits, slip the Pym particles into place, set their GPS devices to the pre-determined years, get the stones, and change the world again. No, they’ll set things
“No. Is something wrong?”
But there’s enough light coming in through the full-sized windows that he can make out Steve’s expression. There’s no uncertainty on Steve’s handsome face. Only loving desire, which has Tony shivering.
“I’m sorry I put that on you. That was my mistake. I shouldn’t have unloaded on you that way.”
“This is a terrible idea,” Miles says as soon as Kamala’s done explaining.
“I care about you too,” Steve whispers back, hating the way his voice shakes and his eyes burn. “I never stopped caring about your. It scares me how much I-” He inhales shakily and it helps; it steadies his voice when he continues, “The problem wasn’t ever that I didn’t care enough. I always cared too much and that… that made me make some really shitty choices that hurt you. And I’m
“Where?” Sam asks, shifting his phone towards Miles.
“I’m not sure I deserve you,” Tony whispers, fingers digging into the meat of Steve’s shoulders. “But... I’m so grateful that you choose me.”
After another round, one where Tony goes down on him for what feels like an agonizing
Slowly, Steve turns around to face Tony.
too soon to talk about their future like that. But at the same time, Steve knows what he wants.
Startled, Tony glances at the tissues before looking up at Steve. When Steve nods, Tony accepts with a quiet thanks. For a long moment, Tony stares at the packet. Steve’s ready to ask if something’s wrong when Tony says in a low voice, “I love you too much to stay on the sidelines when you’re in danger. I knew that the choices I was making would piss you off but I went through with them. I thought... I thought I could live with you being angry at me. At least you’d be alive.”
“Aren’t you guys two of her favorite heroes?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I promise,” Steve promises, voice low and rough. “Just... please. Just be patient a little while longer. You’re doing so good. I promise I’ll make it worth your while.”
“That’s... just a couple of days away from Christmas,” Tony’s saying.
“I thought you’d be a lot more sauve,” Steve teases him as they make their way to their seats.
The breathlessness of the inquiry takes Steve aback. But Steve’s quick to brush away his surprise. Gruffly, he answers, “I was worried that something might happen.” He tells himself he’s lying. He was more worried about the fate of the world than he was about Tony. He can almost believe it.
“The worst thing that can happen is that nothing changes between them. The best thing that can happen is that they start talking and become friends. It’s a win-win.” Kamala glances between her friends, who are watching her with identical contemplative looks. “I just want to help. That’s all.”
“Not here,” Steve tells him.
Kamala finds herself straightening up to watch Steve. It might be her imagination but he cuts a more imposing figure than before. Maybe that’s because of his new uniform. If she’s totally honest though? She’s not a fan of the dark navy and white star in the center. It’s too dark for a guy like Ca-Steve. But it could also be his face. She’s pretty far away but she can make out his stormy expression easily.
ways this can go wrong,” Miles directs at the ceiling before he looks down to meet her eyes. “You know that right?”
“I don’t think we can afford to wait that long, Stephen.” Steve grinds out. “A lot of things can happen in two months. Is there anyone else I can talk to?”
“It was
Steve waits a few seconds, waiting for Tony to continue. But when he doesn't, with his heart in his throat, Steve asks, “Think what?”
Sam raises a tentative hand up and says, “Seconding. I don’t think we should butt into their friendship. It feels like it’ll probably blow up in our faces.”
“I’m gonna warn Steve to avoid you.”
don’t say anything!”
Before the Civil War actually...
Tony hopes that their relationship with bloosom anew.
okay with this. He just threw himself at the man without so much as a by your leave.
Kamala tilts her head in clear confusion, clearly asking for an explanation. Tony continues, “I’d try to be in the same space as them. I’d try to hang out with them and see how they’re treating me.”
the voice in his head continues to bemoan in rising cadence. White noise buzzes between his ears as he stares and stares at Tony’s gentle, loving expression. Desperately, Steve gropes in the darkness for the light switch, something that’ll turn his world back right-side up.
Rohdey points a finger at him. “And that’s half the problem.”
against his own. It’s like pouring gasoline on a forest fire and Tony’s happy to burn. His fingers clutch at Steve’s jacket before he realizes he should be doing the opposite, mostly because Steve’s fingers have dove straight down between them and are frantically pulling on Tony’s belt. Tony meanwhile, tries to shove Steve’s jacket off but the damn thing gets stuck around Steve’s elbows because he’s still doing
Irritation creeps up the back of his neck like a bad migraine because this car ride is taking too long, his fingers aren’t doing the job, he wants
At the end of the day, the first date is all about expectation management.
“Is this something they even want?” Sam asks slowly. “I’m not sure I feel comfortable trying to force them to do something they don’t want to do...”
“Say it,” Tony murmurs.
Steve can’t help but grimace at the thought. This is not something Steve’s planned for. What if Tony wants something that they just...
“You can’t,” Steve finds himself saying, borderline hysterical and accusatory. “You can’t love me! If you did, you wouldn’t have done
. He finds himself panting, wishing, hoping, praying that Steve’s going to use his teeth on the same spot once they’re naked together. It’s going to be the best sex Tony’s ever had. He hopes Steve’s gonna put his hand on the nape of Tony’s neck and hold him down like that before fucking him into next week.
Momentarily taken aback by her insistence, it takes Tony a beat to collect himself and answer her question. “If I could, I would but that’s not what he wants. Besides, I’m not totally sure if that’s something
At the same time, there’s also the fact that Steve’s tried to kill him
“Wait, wait. Back it up. Steve asked you out
As though in answer, a blond, broad-shouldered figure walks out into the yard.
Kamala’s never really thought about this before but both men have nice voices. Super soothing. She wonders if either of them have considered voicing audio books. She’s dead sure that they’d make a fortune. But hmm... that might also happen just because of who they are instead of how they sound like...
he groans, tugging on Steve’s arms, “Come on! Ignore them!”
Steve doesn’t get a lot of mail at his SHIELD office. Most of his communication happens through email or in person. So imagine his surprise when Sharon had shown up at his door in the morning with a white envelope in hand saying, “This came for you.”
The Steve & Tony conversation in this fic continues to be one of my personal favorite scenes that I've written :') I began writing this whole fic centered around that conversation and scene. I hope that you enjoy it as much as I enjoy it <3
“I should have
A couple of hours later, Thor brings Enchantress back, literally shaking her until she agrees to take the spell off Tony. As soon as she’s done so, Tony glances at him, blue eyes filled with worry. Steve knows that look. He needs to nip Tony’s concerns in the bud. Needs to stop Tony’s insecurities from raising their ugly head and talk him out of being with Steve before they even start.
Steve tries to project.
Every part of tonight, he’s going to etch it into his soul, right next to the part of him where it says “I love Steve Rogers.”
She can’t raise her head. Kamala frantically blinks her tears away. It takes her a couple of seconds to find the self-control to ask her next question. “Did you mean that? That you and Ca- Steve aren’t...can’t be friends anymore?”
“Sure. What’s up?”
“Hey,” Kamala can hear Cap’s teeny voice saying. “This a bad time?”
“I don’t-” Tony starts and stops. Kamala peeks through her hair up at Tony, who is pinching the bridge of his nose as he takes a deep breath. Kamala finds herself holding her breath when Tony exhales.
“You don’t need to do anything special to wow me like that Tony.”
“Yes please. Kamala, could you send me too?”
sure you want to do this? It’s okay if you don’t want me.”
Steve doesn’t take the bait. Instead, a tint of ‘Really, Tony?’ creeps into his expression, not enough to overshadow his worry but just enough for Tony’s smile to crack around the edges. “It’s nothing,” he admits, trying to turn his attention into the show. Ugh. The opening credits are still rolling. “Just a small snag in my plans, that’s all.”
“Then how do you explain the Civil War?” Steve asks, desperately hoping for things to make sense again. “How come you were willing to hurt me then? Or when you told Strange to take my memories away?”
“You don’t know what you’re saying,” Tony hears Steve mumbling to himself.
Before Sam can say anything, Rhodey asks
“How do you expect these two to talk when they both act like they’ve got a dead skunk under their noses whenever they meet up.”
Steve’s saying something. Tony feels the echo of it under his palms but the words don’t penetrate. He just feels Steve’s heat pulling away and an insistent hand that’s taking him elsewhere. It’s still Steve though. Tony recognizes that much. But why is Steve moving? Why can’t they just stay here and kiss, touch, love? Must they go? Can’t they stay?
“You keep this up and I’ll think...”
for the superhero community. But she’d held onto the hope that they’d make up. She’d thought... well. Hoped. That Cap and Iron Man would eventually make up and be friends again. She’d thought...
“I won’t need them,” Steve tells Hill as they make their way to the landing bay. At least, he’s hoping he won’t. Between him and the other Avengers, Steve’s confident they’ll be able to hold Tony down if things go South. He has to assume that nothing has gone wrong yet because Sam or Carol haven’t reached out to him. “Has the team given any updates about Tony’s status?”
Steve’s mind helpfully points out. Steve swallows but his throat is too dry. He clears his throat but there’s no helping the roughness of his voice when he asks, “Then why didn’t you tell me? About the SHRA? Or The Illuminati?”
Kamala crouches down beside Sam, attention split between watching the boys play and keeping an eye out for Tony. Sam manages to pass two levels in one attempt before Tony’s red and gold armor steps out of the building. Kamala can’t help but perk up at the sight of him.
“Perfectly fine,” Tony replies on instinct. “Why do you ask?”
“Told you,” Steve hears Tony say, voice relaxed and jovial. He turns towards the voice. Tony’s sitting in the nearest cot to the door, dress shirt sleeves rolled up, grinning up at Carol, who is standing guard by Tony’s side. Tony looks good. Happy even.
Steve’s lips are
Clearly still bewildered but quickly catching up, Tony says, “I...okay.”
“Sam Wilson calling,” FRIDAY informs them.
Tony frowns his way, confused. Steve swallows roughly. He tightens his grip on the counter behind him. He should be holding Tony’s hand when he says this. Yeah. That sounds like the right thing to do. Steve steps closer and wraps his fingers around Tony’s wrist.
The nurses’ lips wobble but he doesn’t let the smile break out. “Just here to check Miss Marvel’s vitals. Don’t mind me.”
He sees his hurt mirrored in Tony’s eyes. “I know. But I wanted to protect you anyways. There’s a lot of things I can handle. But you being hurt? I... I can’t. I’d sooner cut my own hands off.”
