Of course Steve didn’t want him.
Once was understandable but doing it four times seemed pretty careless on Steve’s end and an asshole move overall. Then again, it explained how the gift ended up there in the first place when he said ‘no gifts’. Steve probably fluttered his blonde eyelashes and smiled sweetly to get Friday to send it up. Or maybe it really was an accident (four times in a row though?) and if it was then Steve really needed to get his stuff together. How many Tonys did he know and why the heck were all of them reaching him?!
“Huh” Tony responded, deep in shock as he wondered what to do with this information. Steve had a crush on him?
‘Maybe I need to think even bolder to show my appreciation’ he thought, trying not to drool as he imagined waiting naked in Roger’s office. He would pose sexily on the man’s desk and Steve would come in and then pound him on every surface in the office. ‘Maybe in
But then an awful thought occurred to him. Was this some kind of apology or pity gifts? Maybe he was even making fun of him. That didn’t seem like Steve, making fun of him and all but apology gifts…
Tony Stark was not a man easily confused, especially to such a large degree. He could count on one hand the number of times he was but this whole ‘flowers from a man who had no interest in him’ surely took the cake. For almost one year, Tony had brazenly flirted with his head of security and was absolutely sure that the man was either oblivious or politely showing his disinterest as he never reciprocated or showed a hint that he was interested. At least he was sure but now…now he wasn’t and trust him, he did make sure. He had carefully inspected the writing on the card but it was clearly Steve’s handwriting (don’t ask him why he knew Steve’s handwriting so well) so unless someone was forging it, it had only have to have come from the man himself.
Wait no, there was no surprise.
A beautiful bouquet of red roses from none other than his head of security Steve Rogers.
He didn’t even bother to read the card on it and find out who sent it, just throwing it in the trash and informing his receptionist not to send up any more flowers to his office anymore; he officially fucking hated  flowers.
“Uh, w-well…you s-see…” Steve stuttered, breaking as more of his boss’s flesh was revealed, gulping hard as he stared at the hard rock abs (Steve wanted to be a fly on the wall the next time his boss was working out), smooth unblemished skin and hard dark nipples; god, he wanted to suck them so much and have the perfect man in front of him moan.
Holding back another chuckle, Tony jolted as there was a knock on the double doors leading to his office and Steve’s voice announcing himself. This was it. He could either be having hot, sweaty office sex with Steve in the next two minutes or trying to bribe Steve not to press charges or go to the newspapers with the story. Smiling awkwardly as he called for Steve to come in, Tony watched as the other man stepped in, did a double take at Tony’s lack of state of dress and then proceeded to stare really intensely at him for several minutes. ‘That doesn’t seem like a good sign…’
Then Steve messed up the card.
“Yeah, she actually works with me on the team but I’m pretty sure she has been the one sending gifts to you”
Slapping on his ‘press’ smile, Tony held up a hand to stop the obviously babbling man. The fact that Steve Rogers, the man with a plan, was babbling was both alarming and depressing. God, he really messed up. Swallowing hard, he slipped into his persona to handle difficult situations.
The same Steve Rogers who was the epitome of American goodness (they didn’t call him Captain America for nothing) with golden blonde hair, beautiful baby blue eyes and yummy looking abs and biceps; don’t even get him started on his ass. The very same Steve Rogers, who, for almost a year, had seemed to rebuff or ignore his attempts of getting a date out of the man.
Steve Rogers, ex-military and head of security at Stark Industries, was in a little bind concerning his boss Tony Stark, the alleged genius, playboy, billionaire and philanthropist. The ‘playboy’ part was what worried him really. Steve was actually head over heels for his boss (cliché he knows but he doesn’t make the rules when it comes to his heart). The man was devilishly handsome, had a heart of gold and was absolutely brilliant. Tony Stark was everything that Steve wanted in a man and more. He was also the man that made the brave and fearless Captain America (as his ex-comrades and current team mates jokingly called him) weak in the knees, much to his friends Nat and Clint’s amusement and Bucky’s exasperation. The whole ‘weak in the knees’ thing was a problem actually. The man was his employer and he was expected to be professional at all times as that was his job. But damn, the man made it difficult. Every time Tony popped up, he started flirting with him. It honestly took him awhile to notice (Clint nearly died laughing when he admitted it) but once he did, it became even harder to not just grab the man, shove him against the nearest hard surface and ravish those pretty lips of his until they were red and swollen.
Just pain and longing.
He didn’t love Tony Stark! Did he…?
For a genius, Tony felt like the biggest idiot of the century.
It was the perfect plan.
“Mr. Stark?” Blinking, Tony looked up to stare into the concerned baby blue eyes that he loved so much (wait, love?), clearing his throat and sitting up straight. This was not the time to drink in the sight of the other man (even though he hadn’t seen him since the ‘incident’). Steve was not interested in him and he had to remember that before he lost himself…even if it did hurt.
“NO!” Steve shouted, scaring them both with how loud he was before blushing brightly. He straightened up, seeming to slip into his ‘Captain America’ mode and Tony’s smile turned slightly sad to see that. It was the first time since they met that Steve had seemed like a normal guy, with his babbling and blushing, instead of being the mean fighting machine he was hired for.
“I was expecting someone else different to be honest” Tony lied, looking embarrassed to sell his lie. He was expecting a different situation really. “I really hope we can continue to work together despite this…bump…but I understand I you wanna quit”
“WHAT?!” Rogers interrupted, his face bright red which made the billionaire blink at him again. “Sir, I haven’t been sending you anything”
Now the real question was, what was he supposed to do now (other than fantasize and squeal like a high school girl who was told her crush liked her back)?
“Um, Mr. Stark?”
“Well, that was quite a story there…” Tony grinned as Steve smiled back sheepishly, “but there’s still the case of you having a crush on me that we need to deal with”
There had been more surprise gifts (which were also trashed) from his ‘secret admirer’ since he hadn’t bothered to read who sent them. They weren’t flowers (thankfully), just chocolates and a teddy bear with a heart on its belly. He probably should have banned all gifts from coming up to his office all together after the second one but he had no idea his ‘secret admirer’ would be so persistent. Then a fourth gift came up around lunch time (which was weird since he told his receptionist no gifts) and the whole thing changed from being creepy to being fucking irritating. Why you ask? Well, lo and behold on the card that he finally managed to read was Love, Steve. What the fuck?
? His Steve? Well, technically Steve wasn’t his but if he had just confessed that he liked Tony back then (Tony bit his lip), maybe Steve could be his.
“Wait, what?” Tony asked after a few moments of silence, wondering if this week was competing for the record of the shortest time frame of Tony Stark being utterly confused.
Fidgeting under the staring, Tony coughed and tried to get the ball rolling in case Steve was too in shock at seeing his (hopefully) wet dream come to life. “So, I got your flowers” He waved the bouquet in his hands helpfully. Cringing and cursing himself for sounding so awkward (he was supposed to be more suave and seductive than this damn it!), he missed Steve flinching in response and rubbing the back of his head nervously, too busy wondering how to save this whole situation before Steve decided to run for the hills.
Blushing as he realized that he may love the man more than he thought, he shook his head and sighed. He needed to fix the card and (not chicken out) send the flowers to the man and hear his response before he started thinking of going down that alley of love business. Leaving the flowers and card on his desk, he went off to get a different one from Carol. For some odd reason, Carol seemed to have a pack of those cards on hand. He missed Natasha as she ran into his office and grabbed the flowers and card and rushed back out before anyone saw her, heading straight for the receptionist to send the flowers up to Tony Stark. Even if it really hadn’t been for him, by hell she would say it was so. Her friend Steve Rogers was an idiot that needed a push to find love and if it was with Tony Stark then so be it. If Steve got angry when he found out then so be it and if she had to play cupid and end the whole crap full of sexual tension between the two that lasted for almost a whole year (oh my god!), then so freaking be it.
God, it was amazing how well he could lie with his heart in pieces. Maybe he should take up acting.
‘Great, now I sound depressing’
A beautiful bouquet of red roses is on his desk.
If there was one thing in this world he hated the most, it was pity. Tony Stark hated being pitied and now that he thought about it maybe the gifts had been pity gifts from the very same head of security that had rejected him. Yeah, he needed to shut that shit down today. Telling Friday to send up Steve Rogers on the intercom, Tony sat back in his plush chair and waited, wondering how he was gonna approach the whole thing when the blonde started. Should he start off angry or what? Steve was most likely trying to apologize which was really sweet of him and really Tony should be the one to apologize for exposing himself like that to him and…
Shrug. “No harm done”
“Huh? Oh, um…right, you mentioned your friend…Nat was it?” It was kinda cowardly but maybe it was safer to deal with the bombshell of Steve liking him back like he liked him (oh god, he sounded like a high school girl again) later. That and he was curious how this ‘Nat’ person had anything to do with the gifts (and also how to reward her for creating this situation where Steve confessed his crush for him).
“And pray tell how she did that? Did she forge your handwriting?” Steve blushed again; Tony was seriously beginning to like seeing that color on the man’s face.
Thankfully it had almost been one year since Tony started flirting with him and he had been restraining himself from enthusiastically reciprocating it. Almost one year for Steve to say ‘fuck it’ and decide to make a change. However, again the man was known as a ‘playboy’. Maybe his flirting was innocent or maybe he was just gonna dump Steve after he had slept with him. The risk of admitting that he wanted to go steady only to be rejected or laughed at (if Tony was joking) with the man was too big to just go tell the man face to face (even if it would make things faster). So, Steve got the brilliant idea (okay, it was Nat’s idea but he helped!) to send flowers. He’d be able to confess his feelings then without being rejected or laughed at outright as soon as Tony got the flowers.
"You?". The questioning fell back on his lap. Steve can not help but repeating the gesture of the child.
"Peter", Steve called carefully. At that moment he felt his breath catch in his throat.  "Peter. Please.  Do not do it. For me. I'm asking you". The man slowly took small steps toward the boy. Peter shivered intensely, and the sobs did not stop.
- You are late. - said Steve failing on hiding a smile.
"Stay alive", and left.
The man's eyes were heavy. But he could not succumb to sleep. Definitely not. His throat was dry.  He felt the dehydration making him tired. He could not succumb to that. Not that close of the end. A noise almost frightened him, before realizing that it was another parachute in the capital. He really did not know the situation.
- I said what a said - Tony wasn't even guilt.
The another tribute he nodded in agreement before returning to his knives.
Fury had warned him not to show everything he knew at the outset.  He was from District 12, people hoped the only thing he could do was take out coal. That could be an advantage, which he did not want to lose. The blonde then started with more complex traps.
- I need my donuts. That's all I'm gonna say.
"He would not stand a chance". Rogers replied straight with his hands still holding the trap rope.
- I want a big copy of that one - Stark murmured as he takes breath.
- Don't need to turn your pants, Cap. - The genius spoke and jumped on the ride of that big bodywork.
Steve had not yet processed all the events. Soon after winning the games, he was swept away in a mess of people. Probably the gamemmakers. He still could not believe that his little plan had worked. The Capitol really allowed, for the first time, two people to be the winners of the great Hunger Games. Peter must be as stunned as he was.
"Now", began the blonde. The truth is that his decision had already been made a long time ago  He chose to keep the promise he had made to himself. Your mother would forgive you. She would understand his motives. "Now you kill me", he added firmely
The rest of that speech was overshadowed by Steve's loud and confused thoughts. In the distance, Bucky, his best childhood friend, tried to catch Rogers' attention in an attempt to make a bland joke that would reassure the younger man.  Bucky was already 27 years old.  No need to fear. Not by himself.
It's been 13 years since Steve took responsibility.  Keep yourself alive so your mother could survive.  For your fatigue, the coins he earns in the mines are not enough.  For this reason, the man needs to make another stop before going home.  His broad body curls as Steve lifts his leg, passes the fence that borders District 12, and enters the woods.
“ It doesn’t matter.”, he said slowly. Steve was already writing on his pad.
“ Dr. Rogers!”, the voice sent chills to his spine. Howard Stark is here. Tony was looking at Steve’s reaction. It was very unsettling. Tony couldn’t help but think something went down between these two. Maybe that’s why Steve isn’t telling him what’s wrong.
“ Dr. Howard..”, Tony interrupted.
“ We have a deal.”, he walked out locking Peter in his room again. He sat down on the ground, with his head in his hands, sobbing quietly.
“ I have a message for you. It’s from Sam.”, Peter said while looking around. Rumlow wasn’t in the hall today. Sam wasn’t either. Bucky was focused on his own tray.
“ Goddamn it Tony, the door isn’t locked.”, Steve shivered at the touch of Tony’s lips to his ear.
“ I have to change your post.”, Tony said and Sam stopped in his tracks.
“ Rumlow is one of them.”, Bucky said without looking up.
“ You will not tell me what to do Rogers.”, Howard kept saying.
“ Stop it, please stop it.”, he said, now closing his right ear instead of his eyes. Steve didn’t understand if it was directed at Howard or Peter. He cannot bear that vulnerable whisper Peter just let out. Tony went to Peter, but Howard beat him, leaning close on the other side of the bed.
“ He has been called to your doctor’s office. He said not to worry about him.”, Peter said in monotonous voice.
“ Easier said than done Sam.”, bucky whispered and ran his hand through his hair. If Sam is gone from here, Bucky will be left all alone in a place full of evil. Peter was eating in silence, while Bucky low key panicked. After few minutes, Peter turned a little to see him.
Steve entered the building that’s supposed to be his workplace for the next whole year. The big three storey, all white, kind of like the ones you see in old movies, with wide railings and columnar construction. The main gate creaked when he pushed it. For a moment, a weird thought came to his mind, that he is alone here. The hospital is outside the city, trees everywhere, and an old fountain at the entrance with three statues of jumping fishes. He peeked in to see clean water, giving a sigh of relief. The building was awfully silent for a mental health facility. He took a deep breath and went inside, reaching the man sitting on the front desk.
Sam stood in front of Tony, who was still looking at some files. After a moment he looked up.
Steve was sleeping in his room. Tony was sleeping less on the bed, more
“ You are taking my session now, Dr. Stark?”, Tony smiled.
“ I can only help if you open up to me Peter. The pain lessens if you share. It’s difficult but it works every time. You can try too.”, Steve smiled at him. Peter straightened up in his chair and looked Steve in his eyes. It was a pretty bold move for someone like Peter, who tries to look small.
“ I see. Anything else you would like to tell me? How is your art therapy going?”, Tony asked.
Then, he saw the boy, freshly changed into the shield hospital patient uniform. He is innocent, Bucky can tell. His eyes are shiny with tears but he refuses to cry. The boy’s hand is wrapped around his belly, other hand is holding the blanket he must be given. He looks, no Bucky is definite that he is pregnant.
“ Dr. Stark, its good to see you, but I am busy.”, Steve carefully stood in between them. He only has one agenda here, to protect Peter. He isn’t even sure from what, but he is doing it. Howard moved and stood in front of the bed, now staring in Peter’s eyes. Tony saw how Bucky was now closing his eyes with his palm. Tony would’ve left, if Bucky’s tests were complete. He could see the vein on Steve’s forehead, flaring in anger. He felt frozen.
Peter was sitting on his bed when he heard his door open. He stood up facing opposite way. He already has an idea of what’s coming. He doesn’t look back. His heart betrays him though, because it’s beating so fast, Peter thinks it’s going to burst.
“ Sorry, I will tell him I promise. The hospital is new and he is being very stressful about it. I have never seen him this worked up. To be honest, the place gives me the creeps.”, Tony made a face and Steve didn’t know what to say. He is thinking what Tony said out loud.
I apologize in advance for what's to come in next chapters. Hope you guys liked this one:)
“ You have created a fantasy, where everyone who is trying to help you is a demon with black eyes. I have told you before Bucky, do you remember?”, Bucky huffed and sat back on his chair. After a moment, he started laughing.
“ If I do that, will you let him go?”, Peter asked. The man, the very owner of this facility was now standing in front of him. Howard Stark, with his black eyes and wicked smile.
The session came to an end and Bucky was being taken out by the guards, when Steve came in.
Steve, with his flailing limbs and open mouth. Steve looked at him when sunlight started peeking in. He smiled a little to see Tony drooling on his chest. He looked at the time and groaned. Ever since he came here, he is having strange dreams. And now he is awake at five in the morning because of them. He is suddenly very grateful for Tony. God knows he wasn’t able to sleep alone in past two weeks.
“ Steve it’s okay, it’s me, it’s Tony.”, he said in a comforting voice. Steve looked at him, as if he is just waking. He attack hugged him and laid his head on Tony’s shoulders. He could feel Steve’s heart thudding at the contact. He rubbed his back and held tight.
kind of kid. He has forgotten how many times he had rescued him from the bullies. Tony and James Rhodes were best of buddies. But then Rhodey joined the army and Tony went to medical school. For Sam, they were both like little brothers.
“ I could tell you. But you are not going to believe me so what’s the point.”, Bucky started playing with the eggs on his plate again. Peter wanted to laugh at the situation. If only he knew, how much Peter’s mind has opened since last few months.
“ He kept screaming to leave the new guy alone.”, Sam said, the nurses were taking Bucky to his room. Steve saw how Sam kept looking until Bucky was out of sight. Tony sighed and looked at Steve.
Right! Maria Hill again. Hill only appears when Bucky is extremely distressed. Maria hill is one of his most elaborate hallucinations. He thinks that people with black eyes have killed Maria. When in reality, Maria committed suicide from the top floor in the hospital. It was a very tragic incident. She was a very efficient guard and they all miss her. Bucky thinks Maria is asking him to avenge her death. Tony started writing on his pad, when Bucky spoke again.
He tried to get up without waking Tony. His body felt exhausted for no reason. Steve can’t explain the feeling that creeps up his bones nowadays. He looked for his slippers, which were missing from their usual place. He was searching them when his eyes spotted a pair of leather shoes in the corner and jumped in fear.
“ Sam, don’t do this to yourself.”, Tony stood up and put a hand on his shoulder. Sam looked away.
“ Certainly didn’t have a problem with Steve touching him.”, Howard said, eyes fixed on Tony.
“ It is, what are you doing here?”, Tony stood up from his chair and came to Steve.
“ What are you talking about Peter?”, Steve tried to compose himself. Peter moved his eyes to the door, hinting about Rumlow, who must be standing just outside. This time Steve nodded, understanding nothing but trusting Peter.
“ Dr. Howard.”, Tony said loudly this time.
“ GET THE HELL AWAY FROM HIM.”, Bucky screamed. The boy was looking at him with terrified eyes, his lips quivering. Two guards grabbed Bucky by his shoulder, forcing him to kneel down. Brock got back up from the floor and growled. Bucky didn’t back down and jumped at him again, falling on him and punching him right on the jaw. Sam held him tight and pulled him away, signalling one of the guards to get out the syringe. Peter kept looking at him, his heart beating fast.
“ Kill me, please.”, Peter begged. It’s not like he has a choice now.
“ Well, nothing has changed. Still have my one hand, two feet. Haven’t grown a tail yet or horns. That’d be awesome though. The horns, not the tail.”, he said, looking at Tony all the time. Tony tried to control his smile. Bucky is always trying to be hilarious, one of the only things that remained from his life before this facility. Bucky is here from past two years. After a terrible accident took his left hand, the guy sort of lost it. His family described him as very enthusiastic and funny, but after losing his arm, the man lost hope. To a point that he became delusional, and sometimes extremely violent. After that, things only went downhill.
“ No! Why would...what’s going on Sam?”, Tony was worried now. Sam furrowed his brows and then shook his head. He leaned into the table and sighed.
“ Even teenagers are more subtle than you two.”, he grumbled. He looked at Peter, who nodded to greet him.
“ Sam, it’s okay. We are off the record here.”, Tony said and Sam gave him a small smile. Sam Wilson knew Tony from school, when he was a hyper active, talking ‘
“ Get off!.”, Steve tried to scream between the sudden attack. Howard’s hands were on his back, nails digging deep. Steve never felt this disgusted before or ashamed because he couldn’t get out of a sixty five year old man’s grip. He felt like his asthma was back from his childhood and he heaved.
“ It says here you are nineteen?”, Steve asked gently. The boy’s file was disaster. His parents died when he was sixteen so he lived with his aunt. A year ago, his aunt died too. He worked odd jobs to get by. The details about the incident are not mentioned. But that is why he is here. Steve waited for any answer but the boy was still silent.
Tony stopped Howard when he started walking in the hallway, quickly retreating back to his office.
“ Oh don’t underestimate Mr. Barnes. He broke Sam Wilson’s hand. Schizophrenia, has extremely violent episodes. Thinks everyone here is a demon with black eyes.”, Tony kept looking at Bucky walking back to the common hall.
“ I know. I have put in a request for complete records. Till then, you have to manage from what we have.”, Howard was standing too close to Steve.
Three long angry red lines, seeping blood adorned his back. He slowly walked away from the mirror, sitting on the cold bathroom floor. He remembers vividly, how Howard’s hands snaked over his back and scratched deep.
Peter went in and sat down in the cabin. His hands curled on his stomach while he stared blankly at the table. Steve was watching how his eyes trailed to the ground time to time. The slight swell on his stomach was visible but it was obvious that he didn’t want anyone to know. Steve’s heart ached for the kid. He started reading his file.
“ You separate us and I quit. Your call.”, Sam said and walked out, without even looking at Tony, who just flopped down on his seat. What the hell has gotten into Sam, he thought. He has to think of something fast, before the situation gets worse.
“ I am fine. So, how far along?”, Steve tried to be cheerful, but failed. He leaned on his chair and rubbed his eyes.
Peter was again sitting in Steve’s cabin, picking on his sweater sleeve. His belly looked more prominent now with the sweater. Steve got out his note pad and started.
“ He doesn’t know about me does he?”, Steve looked at him with a questioning look.
“ Your best bet has anger issues. As an acting director of this hospital, I order you to get him off that case now.”, Howard glared at him this time and left. Tony stood still; his father was always the doctor. Even when Tony needed him, he was doctor first and his Dad later. What has gotten into him? Tony huffed and went back to his office. These few minutes were very costing for him. He needs a break.
“ Yeah, right, very funny Tony.”, Tony laughed and placed an urgent kiss.
“ Leave Sam out of this.”, Bucky said looking down. Tony complied.
“ And I assure you it’s not a test. My son recommended you. I would never doubt his choice. I will see what I can do about Peter.”, Howard smiled at him. Steve walked out, taking Tony with him.
“ It.. it was in my room. He has him and..and if I don’t do this, he is going to kill him.”, Peter was hyperventilating now. Bucky looked around if anyone noticed. Then he put his hand on the boy’s back, trying to sooth him.
(See the end of the chapter for
“ Umm, what fountain?”, Tony asked. Steve looked at him for a moment.
“ I guess.”, he answered again. Looking at the locked door, where Rumlow must be standing outside. Something flickered in his eyes for a second and then he was back to his former state. Steve couldn’t help but think that Peter was working under someone’s influence. It’s possible, Steve has seen many cases of abuse where victims appeared extremely normal and self dependent. If only he could get Peter’s file and look for a reason.
“ No one can help me Dr. Rogers. No one.”, it was the only sentence Peter has said with such conviction. He almost stated it as a fact. He knew Peter had given up on any hope. But hearing it today from his mouth, made it very real. The session ended again with little progress.
“ Is this some kind of test? Dr. Stark I assure you...”, but he was interrupted mid sentence, by Howard’s fingers on his own hand. They were moving, slowly fixing themselves on his pulse. Steve gulped at the sudden action.
“ Okay. Bucky how are you today?”, Tony asked again. One would think that someone like Tony, who can’t stand still for a second is unfit for a serious job like a psychiatrist. Strangely, when Tony sits in his chair, he becomes a different person. His childhood has given him a deep understanding about people. He knows how to listen.
“ I get it you know. Why Tony likes you. You are defiant..and beautiful.”, he said after the pause and Steve was becoming even more uncomfortable. He was inching closer to him and Steve didn’t know what to do.
Thank you for your comments and kudos. I am so glad you guys liked it. Here is the next chapter.
“ My pleasure Sir.”, he started completing the formalities, sneaking glances at the other doctor.
“ There are so many of them here. But you, you don’t have those. I get scared for you y’know. That impostor you call your father, what if he hurts you? You are a good man Tony. You don’t deserve that.”, Bucky whispered his words, still afraid that someone will listen. According to him, there are ears everywhere. It’s the same every time. Bucky would warn Tony that his father will hurt him and Tony would explain that it’s not real. Tony would smile though, his father did hurt him, but it was all in the past now. He has long forgiven him for his childhood. His father was all he had when his mother died. But his father chose work and Tony was left on the mercy of vast number of servants in Stark household. But Tony has learnt not to dwell in the past. He has Steve now.
“ Is he okay?”, Bucky asked impatiently.
“ Woah kid, calm down.”, Bucky tried to console him. Peter took a deep breath and closed his eyes. He needs to gather all the courage that’s left in him to have this conversation.
“ What did you see?”, Tony asked and Steve stiffened. He doesn’t want to remember it at all. The ugly touches, the filthy groping, the taste of blood between lips, he got out of bed and then walked to the bathroom.
“ Look what I got.”, he handed him a red jello cup and Bucky’s eyes brightened.
Peter was sitting in the doctor’s office again. Steve came in and Peter looked at him in concern. Yeah, he was a patient here, being tortured by some supernatural entity but Dr. Rogers looked like he had been electrocuted a few times. He had circles around his eyes, looked like didn’t sleep for days. He sat down with a huff and smiled at Peter.
“ Which is why he is telling the truth. How can he even know Tony? He told me that she didn’t take her life, something I’ve been telling you all since she...”, Sam was getting agitated by the second.
“ The patient I told you about, rape victim. It’s a complicated one. I haven’t read his file but the way dad was tense, I can tell it’s not good. I hope you get him to talk a little.”, Tony discreetly went out of his office after that. Steve sighed and started getting his things in order. Boyfriend or not, he is here to work and he takes his job very seriously.
“ The patient you sent, his file is incomplete.”, Steve gave him the file. But he kept it on his table and stood up instead.
“ No one will wake up, not until I am here.”, and he gripped Steve’s arms, holding him in place and slamming his lips on Steve’s in a kiss which made him taste blood.
“ Hey, I take care of you and you take care of me, tonight, preferably in my bed.”, Tony winked and Steve slapped his chest before going back to his office.
“ Did you find out the gender yet?”, Steve tried to change the topic. He gathered that Peter was hinting to talk to Bucky in a subtle way. And saying that whatever he is feeling is real. He shouldn’t believe this because he is a psychologist. He is a man of science. He talks about facts and technology. But the constant fear tugging at his heart, tells him to trust Peter.
“ M’sorry.”, he croaked. His voice sounded rough as if he was screaming in his sleep. Tony kept mumbling comforting words to him. At last, he calmed down.
He didn’t notice at first because, his mind was still used to of a curtain less bathroom. It was when he tried to slide it. He saw his new curtain in knots. As if someone kept knotting it until it reduced half it’s size. Steve took it out of the rod and inspected it. It was torn at places and dirty, which was weird because Steve is a neat freak, who keeps even his bathroom spotless. He tried to untangle it but gave up after. For a moment, he thought Tony sneaked in and pulled out a very elaborate prank. But Tony would never wake up at 6 am, even if it is to annoy someone. He looked around in his room, paranoid that someone will come out and attack him. After a lot of inquiry, he couldn’t figure out who or what might’ve caused it. He put back the curtain in his wardrobe. Tony will be so pissed.
“ Okay, who told you to fuck with me huh? Was it Rollins?”, Bucky was furious. It’s not the first time Rumlow or Rollins had pulled a prank on him. One would think that a place like this would’ve made them compassionate. It’s not like Bucky is asking for their pity. He just wants them to leave him alone. Peter was looking at his tray again. His breathing fastened, Bucky noticed. He couldn’t help but worry about the kid. Peter’s hand covered his stomach again. He was shaking now.
“ Dr. Anthony will guide you to your cabin. I will see you around.”, Howard signed his papers and then carried on with his work. He left with Dr. Anthony and saw his room. It was a standard doctor’s cabin, a separation and a bed, two cupboards, a desk with various instruments neatly placed on and a chair.
“ Would you stop being a shrink for one goddamn second?”, Sam spat out. Tony’s face only saddened more at this.
But then Tony looked at the other occupants in the lab. He thought he might be hallucinating, because there is no way someone like Bucky, who was chattering and mumbling mere seconds ago, would flinch like that. He was crouched in his seat, making himself appear small on purpose while his lower lip quivered. Of course, he is seeing the man with black eyes; his first instinct is to hide. Suddenly Tony is recalling Bucky’s file like he is an android. He looked at Peter next, who was having same kind of silent breakdown. It was...odd. Why would Peter, who doesn’t even know Howard, would react like that. Something is missing and Tony feels like he is getting entangled in a spider web. The more he tries to escape, the more it’s tightening around his body. He noticed that Rollins was standing by his father’s side, even if he came here with Steve.
“ I don’t understand. Barnes was doing so good this past month.”, Tony ran his hand through his hair. Tony is treating Bucky ever since he came here. In past three months, he has tried his best to help him, but every time he sees a little progress, some episode happens and Barnes is back to imprisonment in his room.
“ You are going to give yourself a heart attack.”, he could feel the man’s breath on his neck. Peter was shivering now. The man enclosed his hands over the small bump that has formed on Peter’s belly. He closed his eyes, tears falling freely now. His limit to control them has weakened.
“ I can’t let you near Bucky. You are compromising his treatment. I will talk to Dad and shift you to Hall C.”, Tony said, looking down the whole time. He knew he won’t be able to face Sam, whom he betrayed just now. But something different happened when he looked up. It wasn’t betrayal, it was rage. He had only seen Sam like this when he was fighting bullies, who tried to mess with Tony. He never thought he would be facing the same in future.
“ But then, you came running to me that day and ...and you saw them like I do. I wanted to come to you so bad but then Sam told me you weren’t allowed here for a week. I just.. I wanted to talk to someone. I feel like my head is going to explode.”, Bucky was just listening with his lips parted a little in shock. He knows the feeling. How he kept screaming to Becca that he is not crazy or begging his Dad not to send him here. Bucky believed what he saw was real. No one else did. He yelled and talked all he wanted but no one would listen, just like Peter.
“ Peter, my name is Peter.”, Bucky smiled at him, the same one that he gives to Sam.
“ Never mind.”, Steve went forward and hooked him to the scanning machine, while Rollins kept glaring at him. Bucky raised his brows and looked at Peter. He was almost going to rejoice this victory, but it didn’t last long.
“ Okay breath first, talk later.”, Bucky whispered to him. Peter somehow managed to keep himself from passing out.
“ You said yourself he has extreme PTSD. He was raped, has borderline Hapnophobia. It took Steve days to convince him to get a scan and you refused to leave the lab? Why?”, Tony asked impatiently. This isn’t the father he knew his whole life. Howard rolled his eyes.
“ Yeah.”, he said in mocking tone. The smile vanished after that and Steve sighed.
“ I will ask what’s going on. This should be complete. How did it go?”, Tony asked.
“ Sam!”, Bucky’s face radiated happiness.
“ Dr. Rogers.”, Tony said, trying to restrain himself from touching Steve and offering comfort. Bucky looked at them and sighed.
“ Are you okay?”, Peter asked before Steve could start.
“ How are you today James?”, Tony was looking at James’ file like he does in his every session. In front of him, James Buchanan Barnes sat with his hand resting on his lap, looking out of the small window in Tony’s office.
“ What’s the point? I have to give it up anyway.”, Peter said looking down. Steve stood up and put a hand on his shoulder. It’s not okay to do it, according to the standard doctor behavior; but he is tired of seeing Peter so down.
Tony was asking Sam what happened, Steve tagged along to know. After all, Peter is his patient.
“ What the hell was that?”, Tony whisper yelled.
“ We do believe you, on the parts that are rational.”, Tony said gently.
“ Mr. Parker?”, Steve tried again. This time the boy looked up for a second before resuming the staring contest with Steve’s desk.
“ You are gonna make me say it, aren’t you? The people who work for your father, the ones who follow him, the impostor.”, he spat out.
“ We were, but it doesn’t give you any right to invade our privacy. Why are you in my room?”, Steve wasn’t backing down. He didn’t get good vibes from Tony’s Dad. He had been weird about everything that Steve asked him. He was being very physical with him, sneaking touches here and there and Steve’s skin crawled in those moments, feeling pure disgust. The only thing stopping him from reporting to HR is that he is Tony’s Dad. But after today, he isn’t sure if he could keep that urge at bay anymore.
“ Looking for me?”, Sam came to his table. He is in his usual security uniform. Bucky smiled at him.
“ Rumlow was taking the boy to his room. But I could see his face, his real one, the corrupt one underneath his skin. It’s burnt, his skin is charred. I was just trying to protect the kid. Sooner or later, they will hurt him. Just like they hurt Hill.”, he said.
“ See, he doesn’t have those eyes either.”, Bucky smirked and left with the guards. Steve looked at Tony in confusion.
“ Peter, how are you?”, Peter stiffened at the direct address. Howard was giving him a charming smile. For a moment, if Peter forgets whatever happened in past few months, he could see that old Howard. He had a very kind smile and bright eyes. But this, whatever this is, has a peculiar stench. Peter could see how rotten he is. He closed his eyes and tried to control his heart.
“ There is plenty of space in my room Dr. Rogers.”, Tony had a grip on his neck.
“ Oh, so the part where I say that your father has black eyes is unbelievable. It’s right there. How can you not see it?”, Bucky leaned close to Tony, his chest touching the desk. Tony tried to remain composed, but Bucky’s eyes were terrifying.
“ You are the best. Green is the worst jello ever.”, he quickly started eating and then offered some to Sam.
“ This is my hospital.”, Howard said.
“ Dr. Stark.”, Steve acknowledged and Tony smiled in returned. They have been through this before when Steve’s mother died. He completely shut down, no communication for weeks. But Tony waited patiently and Steve came to him days later, drenched in rain and shaking. He cried in Tony’s arms and then slept after a long time. Tony has no idea what it is this time, but he will be there whenever Steve is ready.
“ Save him Sam. You..you have to..Sam save him.”, Bucky kept repeating in his drowsy state, while Sam kept assuring that it’s okay. Steve looked at the scene. Rumlow slowly guided Peter away to his room, but something wasn’t right. Something in Peter’s eyes was different than before. He looked as if he just woke up from a very long sleep. And what is this guy’s deal? He agrees with him that they have to keep Peter safe. But how does someone even know anything about the guy who came into this facility mere hours ago?
“ My name is Bucky.”, he smiled sweetly, too sweetly. Tony understood instantly that he is in one of his moods today.
. That’s one of the points.”, Steve smiled at him. This time, Peter smiled too and nodded. They went to pathology for a scan, only to see Tony there with Bucky.
“ As much as I am loving this, you need to start work now. A new patient is coming. Dad wants to see how you handle him.”, Tony sighed, his forehead touching Steve’s chest.
“ Okay, big guy. You need some sleep. Come on, I have a spot on my bed. You interested?”, Tony said, wiggling his eyebrows and Steve couldn’t help but smile. Whatever it is, he will worry about it tomorrow.
This got darker than I expected. :(
“ I am not crazy Tony. I wasn’t always like this. Your father wasn’t either.”, It’s rare when Bucky uses his name like this. It happens when Bucky is pouring out his heart and soul in front of him. But it only makes Tony worry more. This is the highest point. Bucky is back on his worst in a very small time, which isn’t good.
“ He knows about Hill. He knows what happened to her.”, Sam said with a heavy voice and Tony shook his head.
“ What are you implying?”, Tony asked. Howard smirked.
“ Leave.”, Steve said, barely audible to anyone else but Howard.
“ Steve, Steve wake up.”, Tony’s voice boomed in the room and Steve sat up with a gasp, covered in sweat. He tried to catch his breath and closed his eyes. When Tony tried to embrace him, he jerked back.
“ Sorry, they told me it was over.”, Steve saw two guards and Bucky standing in the middle.
“ Okay, I need his file too. Your patient scared the shit out of Peter.”, Steve said to Tony.
“ Peter, what about the father? If he claims the custody, Howard won’t get his hands on your baby. Think about it.”, Bucky started thinking a way out. Peter looked at him.
“ Promise me if I tell you, you gonna listen like a human being, not like a doctor.”, Sam fixed him with a look and Tony nodded. Sam took a deep breath and continued.
Steve shook his head, trying to get a grip of reality when he felt his back sting. He tried to reach it by his hands but couldn’t. He removed his shirt and looked in the mirror.
The shoes were occupied with one Howard Stark glaring at the bed. His throat felt dry.
“ Sam, sit down.”, Tony greeted him with a smile. Sam obliged and sat on the chair in front of him.
“ Dr. Rogers, is there a problem?”, he looked surprised. It was 9 pm and the facility was again in silence.
“ I can’t, because it’s him. it’s his baby.”, Peter said, his eyes looked scared while Bucky’s widened in shock. He was always worried about what they were gonna do next after Maria. Now, he has the answer.
Our boys are going to suffer in this one. :(
“ It will take time. From what I have assessed, he doesn’t think anyone will listen what he has to say. So he doesn’t talk, thinking it’s all a waste of time.”, Steve said, his eyes still full of pain. Tony understood.
“ Shh.. it’s going to stop hurting soon.”, he said in a smooth voice and Steve screamed.
Steve could not complete more than two steps before his attention turned to a particular sound. In the middle of all that green and brown, the miner tried to identify some movement that indicated a threat.  As fast as it came the sound faded. Three steps distanced him from a long, tree-like animal. A snake.
- This is not even my favorite - the captain wispered heavely. That took Tony's attention.
"There's only one more left", Peter gasped, before falling unconscious.
"Wow, wow! It seems that someone is prepared to fight for our country!", Caesar said in his exaggerated tone. Steve smiles. "The truth is that our participant here has acted like hero before. Steve, what was going on in your head when you took over that little boy's place?"
"Here", continued the blonde, delivering some stilts left in his canteen. "That's what we need to do now", he demanded as the boy's eyes softened.
"Would you prefer it to be the result of betting? I saved you because I did not want to lose my precious fortune", Stark snapped.
- Do you have a favorite? - said Tony - I mean, they are all me. - Steve laughed on Tony's chest.
Rogers was ready to enter the bakery without Tony when heard the sound of a extremely loud rock associaded to the noise of wheels. A ridiculous expensive orange car came with super speed and stopped in front of him. A really late Tony pulled out dressed with a beautiful dark blue suit. His hair was going in every direction possible. Perfectly messed, as Tony called. That shining deep brown eyes were covered with silver glasses. His lips were molded on his classic smirk.
His eyes already threatened to close when a white object seemed to come toward him. A small parachute from the capital. Quickly Steve opened the artifact to find a small bottle and a note. "Drink this, don't die", said the paper. Below the instructions a name appeared, 'The Mechanic'. With a flick of the sweet liquid in his mouth, the relief was instantaneous. The pain faded away and he felt he could breathe once more.
"I've been training", he said simply. It was not a lie after all. He had already lost count of how many traps he had made at home.
"It would not be unusual", Rogers said as the anger left his voice.
"Apparently you'll have to win, won't you?". The crowd has been heard. Apparently they were already interest on that. Rogers forced a laugh and a siren was heard. It was time to finish the interview
Steve's blurred vision almost stopped him from seeing when something hit his arm. Another parachute. Releasing Peter for a few moments, he stepped forward to open the package.  A syringe was there. The blonde did not hesitate in applying it to the teen's arm. A few distressed seconds passed, before the pallor faded from Pete's face and the same opened his eyes again. Steve can not help laughing through tears and hugging Peter harder.
"And will you?". The dark-haired man folded his arms, but he kept an expression of genuine curiosity.
The cannons sounded and Steve ran toward the guns. Poor decision, he knew, but he needed basic supplies. His first challenge was to overcome the initial bloodbath. Around him, careerists were already  hitting brutally the tributes of District 5 and 7 tributes. With this distraction, Steve managed to grab knives and cutting discs, and also a backpack with supplies. Satisfied, the forest was his destination. The blonde ran so hard that he lost all sense of time. He only stopped when the only sound he heards was from birds and crickets. As always the arena was flawless. With extreme realism, Steve felt himself back in the woods of his home. The young man allowed himself to rest for a few minutes, watching the small vessel of water, ropes and some biscuits. It would be enough for two days at the most. His mission, besides not bumping into any tribute on the way, would be to find water as fast as possible.
"We'll see". Steve asked with a smile. "He will not have to die anyway".
"I do not want to kill those people. I will never forgive myself. I do not even know if I will actually kill. But" , Steve continued, with remorse.
The trainings continued for another week. Steve managed to have brief conversations with participants in districts 4 and 8. Not to mention the occasional threats from the district 3 careerist. That man just did not look like Steve. Which made him just a brighter target.
Through the lightning of the last hour, Rogers had to leave his knives behind. At the moment he had only the metal discs that were in the bottom of his backpack. There was no time. The careerist was already close. Yet he ran to open the bag.  He had just grabbed a record as a trail of blood covered his shirt.  When he looked up, a cannon sounded. This was not his blood, he realized. The careerist had died by the hands of Peter. A small knife gripped the thigh of the red tribute, and the wire around his neck cut at his throat. The 7th district boy was more prepared than Steve had thought.
"Stop!", a voice marked urgently ordered. "Steve Rogers and Peter Parker are the winners of the 99th Hunger Games".
- Tony, we don't have time. You'll come or not? - answered in soft but severe tom that was exclusive of Tony.
- Hold tight! - said Steve as pressed the pedal. Feeling the wind on his hair, Tony wrapped his arms around
- Do you have more? - Said the genius as he started to pass the pages of the book. Steve was quickly in take that away from him.
"Only one of us will leave alive. It will be you. But I will not force you to kill me", Steve had never thought his death would occur with his own hands. He did not wish it for anyone. But if it was necessary for Peter to live for another 50 or 60 years, he would not hesitate.
"What?", said Fury with some force and curiosity.
- Ok, come with me. - the blue eyes hasn't left the road.
"I'm sorry, Mr. Rogers. I'm sorry", he boy murmured again. The blonde's hands were running through the boy's hair as he whispered soothing words.
At 25 years old, working in the mines was not something unique to Steve. This was the main activity of the District.  From the age of 14, any kid in the area could already venture into charcoal withdrawal. 'It could', in fact, present itself as euphemism.  No child had a choice.  If they were born in the meadow, at least they wouldn't have.  By the age of 12 he would have been begging for the chance to provide something so his family could survive for a few more months or weeks.  Just like Steve himself.  His father died when he was only 12 years old.  He was a mine worker.  A strong explosion took his life as the wreckage took his last breath.  After that, Steve's mother was never the same.  Her smiles were sucked as her health.  Coughs and groans became part of his daily life.  Steve does not remember the last time he saw her off the boards they call bed.
The thiefs kept running until found a new victims. Steve rise the velocity when the both man pushed another two persons to the side of the road, and got two motorcycles.
It had been a long time since Tony had witnessed such an altruistic attitude. The last one had been something her mother probably did.  But to see someone so poor give his life for someone else, a child, increased the anger and fire that Tony kept to himself as much as he could. No one deserved such a cruel fate. It was necessary only a second glance at the man from the meadow for Tony feels that something would change. For the first time in 20 years, Anthony Stark allowed himself to feel hope.
Peter's words had already attracted attention. Sounds of footsteps have taken over the night. At least two individuals were approaching. Steve got down as fast as he could. The boy was frightened.
Not even when he was ripped from his mother's arms, without a chance to say goodbye to his best friend, his brother, Bucky, Steve regretted his decision.  He couldn't. It was the right thing to do. That child deserved to live. Steven Rogers would guarantee that.
"Keep your head up. Today you are the leader", Cinna added with a smile. Steve can not help laughing. It was a utopia, really.
"I'm sure she's already proud", the commander of the night waved. "What about a girlfriend? Do not lie to me", he finished with an eccentric laugh.
"It's all right, Peter. You'll be fine", his lips lifted into a reassuring smile in between the tears.
"Mr. Rogers?", Peter broke the silence that had settled down again.  "I mean, Steve. What about now?", said the boy in a hesitant, curious voice that made him much younger.
- A new avengers mission - annouced the director. It's was going to be a long day.
- Wait, it's was after we- Tony was interrupted with a quickly answer.
"I know", Steve said, and smiled.
- Where's your armor? - questioned the soldier who already jump on his bike.
Tony really did not think his first meeting with the winner would be like this. He can not help but feel disappointed and irritated by Steve's preconception. But he can't blame the young man either. What Rogers had spent all his life had been the result of his father's tyranny. And he never had the opportunity to change that. Tony planned to transform the situation as soon as possible.
"Well, good luck, Captain!". He shook the blond man's hand.
- Actually we don't. - But now he was smiling anyway. Tony knew that he won, what it's was in most of times a bad thing to happen.
"I volunteer as tribute."
"I can manipulate knives". The blonde has chosen to follow this path. "I usually hunt", Nick was not surprised as expected, but it took a moment before he spoke again.
"But only one will survive", Peter said hesitantly.
- On your way, Sir - answered the AI.
"Do not try to kill me, and I'll do the same". Steve said as he grabbed his disks and the untouched big knife. The short, thin, dark-haired boy did not have time to respond before Steve took his lead and threw one of the disks into a careerist. The arrow that the man had carried fell at the same time that blood flowed from his neck. A cannon was heard. But it was a choking sound that caught Steven's eye. A woman was about to put a knife on Peter's neck. Rogers did not think. He simply threw a dagger into the woman's head, fortunately taller than the boy. The woman fell back as the teenager ran toward Steve.
- We're so late for that meeting. - The brunette ignored the confusion and pretends the worry. Steve couldn't help but laugh.
In the ultra-high-tech train built by some of the genius and futile minds that would be vibrating at that moment, Steve was approached by Fury. The only living victor in District 12 was a tall, elderly man with a terrible scar that found the place where there should be an eyeball.  Should be, because Nick Fury had lost it during his last battle in the arena. The black man was lying on a bench, waiting for the next idiot to die before even the sound of cannons started. Steve looked at him closely before uttering a small doubtful "hello." The monocular turned his eyes to knives and quickly began to speak.
Steve knew that conversation would happen sometime.  He wished he did not have to think about the moment when he and Peter were alone in the arena. If that moment ever come.
"Yes, I remember".
"You could not be more honored", the blond man tried to show as much sympathy as possible.
"Trust me", said Steve as he put those fruits in Peter's hand. "Trust me", he emphasized. The boy just nodded.
- You are early. Who gets breakfast before nine? - answered Tony as he true believed on that.
"What about you? Who did teach you about the nuts? Your father?", Steve asked.
The tribute was already racing toward him when Peter prepared his knives and Steve released a record. The opponent managed to deflect easily. Now Rogers had only one more artifact. The platinum rider rushed toward Steve at high speed before plunging the ax into the chest of the one who separated him from the final prize. The miner used all his strength to block the blow with his arms. Peter acted and stuck a small knife into the shoulders of the tribute from the second district. The man screamed before turning to the boy and striking him in the face. Peter swayed and fell back on the still damp earth of the arena. He had lost his weapons. The careerist smiled before preparing the blow with an ax that would end Peter's life. The boy had already accepted his fate. He closed his eyes and waited. Seconds passed and nothing happened. Peter's hesitant gaze opened to see the exact moment when the careerist fell to his knees and a pool of blood formed around him. A cannon sounded.
- Aha!! - exclamed Tony with some satisfaction. Steve pretended not to hear.
- In our defense, Steve and I were fighting crime. - started the genius as Rogers walked straight to his chair. - I refuse to be punished because of that - complete the man with the usually salt tom.
