“Shut up and listen to your doctor, Sherlock. It’s time to go home.”
“Do that again,” John moans, head thudding back against the door.
They reach the water, or the water reaches them. John leaps over the first wave, lands all paws in the water. He freezes, yowling. Sherlock bristles, ready to run to him. John dashes out of the water and runs mad circles in the sand. Sherlock wags his tail and dashes after him. John runs back up the steps, chased by Sherlock, wipes his sandy, cold paws on the grass. Sherlock flops on the grass, panting. Lazily, he checks the progress of the moon. They’ve been out for hours, more than double their usual wandering time. It’s approaching midnight. John comes over and sniffs at him. They’re both slower now, more gentle in their mood and movements. Sherlock licks at John’s face. John nudges him, pushing him towards the cottage. Yes. Time to sleep.
John continues, “You get headaches because your brain is trying to fight the wolf’s presence. The wolf wants to come in and piss all over the territory, so to speak. Your brain resists it. It’s a battle, and to your human brain, it feels confusing and intrusive, but the sooner you accept it, the sooner the headaches will go.” He pauses. “That’s what I read, anyway. I can find you the literature on it if you want.”
“Your uh–” (Sherlock's breath catches at a sensitive spot) “–your face when you saw my range of flexibility. It spoke volumes. And you couldn’t stop looking at my lips.”
“I need a case,” he says into the cushion.
“I only want what’s best for my brother.”
John’s frown deepens. Is Sherlock… saying that he wants more?
John squeezes his thighs repeatedly around Sherlock’s cock. Sherlock is finding it increasingly difficult to concentrate on John’s neck, and he
He stands. He probably looks braver than he feels.
John freezes. The men at the table look up.
“I hardly had to concentrate at all tonight. Changing back has always been easier.”
“That’s a good trick,” Sherlock says, smiling.
“But it might,” says Lestrade. “The timing is suspicious. You both disappeared for his first change, and now he’s been taken so soon after the second?”
Sherlock's mouth is hanging open, catching his breath, his lips rosy and kiss-swollen. His eyes are closed, long eyelashes fanning his cheeks, which are still tinged pink from their exertions. His face is relaxed, young, sated. God, he looks
His watch face has been smashed, but he can still make out the time: midnight. That means that he’s been tied up in this basement for almost two hours. John must be looking for him by now. They haven’t been flatmates for long, but John killed a man to protect him within a day of them meeting, so Sherlock is quite sure that he’ll be on his way. Unless he found the pigs’ trotters soaking in hydrochloric acid in the fridge. If that’s the case, he might well be holding a grudge and refusing to look for Sherlock.
John nudges Sherlock awake from his catnap against the armchair when he decides to go to bed. Sherlock refuses to come upstairs and sleep properly, which John expected. Knowing the odd hours he keeps, he’ll probably crawl into bed at three or four in the morning. John bids him goodnight and goes up to his room. He climbs into bed, leaving the curtains open. The only lights outside are distant twinkles of boats out to sea. So different to London and its light pollution.
They put the shopping away once they’re back. Sherlock had enjoyed the cosy atmosphere at the pub — it made him feel warm and enclosed, and settled his wolf too — and he wants to replicate it now, so he starts filling the fireplace with wood and kindling.
“So it’s been two days? The whole time I’ve been at Harry’s? So he was taken before I even left that morning? Why did no one tell me?”
“Why are you doing this?” he asks.
“Whatever anyone’s told you before, you are,” John insists.
Sherlock nudges at John's head. “Kiss me,” he commands.
Three hours later and Sherlock is a whir of activity, pacing, mirroring his wolf, who wants to come out
The wolf seems satisfied with the run. Sherlock starts to look around at where he is, then decides to trust the wolf to navigate him home. He glances at his watch. He’s been running for longer than he expected, but he’s only just beginning to feel fatigued. The extra stamina the wolf brings is very welcome.
“In a bit,” Sherlock says, which means that John will serve them in a while when Sherlock forgets to.
John is called the next day for a week of cover at the surgery. He accepts and strategically places a few articles about Weres (sadly lacking in much information) around the flat for Sherlock to find when he wakes up. John makes a plan to spend this week leaving everything decent he can get on Weres out for Sherlock. He can read them or not, but hopefully it’ll get him thinking about accepting his wolf. It’s been sixteen days since Sherlock’s attack. Less than half a month until his first real change. It needs to be now.
John makes toast for both of them and spreads it with jam. Sherlock stares his down until it starts to go cold, but his transport wins and he eats. John finishes, rinses the stickiness from his hands, and continues teasing out Sherlock’s knots. Sherlock accepts the treatment without comment, sarcastic or otherwise, which is unusual for him, and very telling. John hates to break bad news, but he thinks this is a detail which Sherlock hasn’t realised and which he’ll want to prepare mentally for.
Sherlock’s head is a comfortable weight on his chest, anchoring him in this moment: the two of them, breathing together, pressed close in their cosy bed, Sherlock trying to fight sleep.
He wraps an arm around Sherlock’s shoulders. Sherlock very cautiously moves his arms away from his head and John helps him sit up a little to take the pills. In the dim light he’s paler than usual. As Sherlock lies back down, John sits down on the sofa and settles Sherlock’s head in his lap. Sherlock makes a soft, confused sound.
Sherlock stares at him for a second, then realises that he’s teasing and gives a huff that means ‘I am unimpressed with the general idiocy of the universe’.
How long is it later when Sherlock shifts? John realises that he’s been in a half-doze, hypnotised by the repetitive stroking of Sherlock’s hair. One hour? Two? Sherlock rolls onto his back, his head still in John’s lap. The tension in his face is gone now.
“No deal,” John replies. “Half isn’t good enough. And how do I know you won’t cheat?”
He loves John’s laugh. He wonders if he can get away with licking John’s cheek too, but decides it might be too obvious. Instead he clambers around the sofa, trying and failing to get comfortable in John’s lap.
“Alright?” asks John.
John laughs. “Quit the melodrama and roll over.” He pokes Sherlock’s side until he complies and rolls over.
Sherlock gradually sinks his hand into John’s fur. He feels the strands between his fingers, leans over to examine them more closely. He hums a quiet, interested noise. Then slowly he slides his hand along John’s side. John’s wolf is forced to admit defeat. It
“Good. Because I booked it for the next few days for our change.”
“What time are we going out, John?”
Sherlock can almost taste the emotion in his mouth, on his lips. John’s hand buries itself in Sherlock’s hair and they clutch at each other, kissing like they’ll never come up for air. It’s incredible, how much simply kissing John makes him
“Jesus Christ, Sherlock, finally! Are you alright?” John scans his body.
They make their way back to the cottage after that. John just stops off briefly then heads to the pub to return the torch.
“It’ll come and go for a couple of weeks,” John says. “Some days will be worse than others. It’s your body and brain trying to get used to the new Were part of you. It’s easier for some to accept than others.”
The cove is inaccessible to visitors from either side, extreme rock climbers excepted. The information pack in the cottage said that the land belongs to the cottage — its own private beach. At high tide the sea reaches the steps at the back, but at all other times they’re welcome to use the cove to their hearts’ content. There’s a large cupboard in the cottage for the storage of watersports equipment.
It’s not long before Sherlock's hips are rolling slowly, sinking further onto John's finger. He’s adjusting quickly; he clearly wasn’t lying about practising. John slips in a second fingertip, waits for Sherlock to adjust to the extra stretch, and gradually works him open.
He has to go out again and clear his head. He has so many thoughts and feelings swirling around in it right now. He’s been walking for fifteen minutes or so when a sleek black car pulls up beside him. The window slides smoothly down.
“I’m not human when I’m… when I’m.” Sherlock starts brushing his teeth hard, apparently angry at himself for tripping over his words. John waits. He spits. “When I’m a wolf.”
“I need to shower first,” Sherlock replies, but makes no effort to move, sliding his hands slowly up and down John’s back.
Sherlock rolls onto his back, breath coming in short pants. He usually tries to deal with this kind of thing quickly and efficiently, or just ignores it, but if it’s always like that from now on, well. That would be preferable.
All the emotions that he’s been pushing back come flooding up and he feels
“Settled now?” John asks, grinning.
“I…” He thinks carefully. “I pull away because I don’t want what you want. And it’s not fair on you.”
John settles into bed and turns his back to Sherlock. Sherlock feels a twinge of disappointment. He thought sharing a bed would be, well...more, but he reasons with himself. Having another warm body in the same bed as you, hearing the other warm body breathing softly, surrounded by the smell of John...it could be worse.
“You’re not taking Sherlock to that place. You’ll have to get through me first.”
. He pulls the trigger. The wolf collapses with a yelp, right in front of him. Dead. Just one left. The last man is making for Sherlock. John runs. The man’s foot catches on a trailing wire, dragging the light over and plunging them into darkness. John freezes, listening hard, blood pounding in his ears. His foot skitters against a gun, the newspaper man’s, and he kicks it far away into the depths of the basement.
John is up before Sherlock the next morning. Sherlock is woken by his stomach, in turn woken by the smell of breakfast cooking. He wraps himself in his dressing gown and shuffles through to the kitchen.
John is not one for idle threats. He means this. Sherlock pouts to express his annoyance and goes to explore the cottage instead.
“Who knows about it besides us?” John asks. He turns to Mycroft. “The people at the hospital?”
“Some of us have been up for a couple of hours already,” Mycroft replies.
Sherlock just lies whimpering at his feet until black cars pull up at the mouth of the alley: Mycroft’s people. They don’t approach. Sherlock’s body starts to tremble. He’s beginning the change back to his human form.
“I persuaded him to go and get some food. He’s been sitting by your bedside for hours, worrying himself.”
“We’re getting sticky,” John says. “It’s unpleasant. I’ll clean us up, and then we can cuddle again, okay?”
“I can’t. I’ve been trying for
He continues jogging homewards, keeping his outward appearance calm. He can see them now. Three, strategically surrounding him. Backup will be waiting in a car nearby. The only cards he holds at the moment are his knowledge of London and the fact that they don’t know he’s seen them. Yet. After a quick scan of his mental map of London, he takes a sharp turn down a side street. A quick glance over his shoulder confirms that they’re openly chasing him now.
Sherlock slowly takes off shoes, socks, suit jacket and shirt. His hands pause for a millisecond at his trousers and it’s probably barely even noticeable to anyone except him, but to him it feels like an age he’s stuck with his hands lingering indecisively. Then he quickly undoes his trousers and kicks them off, then joins John in his bed.
“Obviously,” Sherlock says, managing to rouse himself enough to get out of the cab and to the front door.
He narrows his eyes at John as a thought occurs. “This isn’t to numb the pain of the change, is it?” He knows so little.
Around half an hour later, Sherlock finishes playing and reemerges from his head. John has been staring, apparently also lost in the music, and he blinks a few times to come back to himself.
“…Sherlock.”
that. He knows it’s not good for him to think of Sherlock as anything other than a good mate.
“Just… Can you… stay here for a bit, so it knows you’re safe?”
“So you know I can handle this.”
He shivers. His cock is aching again, deprived of any contact except the press of John’s body against it. He wants to rock up, to rub against John, but he doesn’t want to shift on his finger yet. John pulls away from the kiss, question evident on his face.
“It went much better than it would have in your private centre, yes.”
Progress is slow. There are many busy roads to cross. Sherlock had walked a long way from home before he was attacked, probably lost in his thoughts. John wishes that a wolf in London was a more common occurrence so that he could go more quickly, but he stays cautious. The last thing he needs right now is to have animal control called on him.
“Ready?” John asks when Sherlock comes back downstairs.
John frowns at him, surprised to be asked. “Why? You couldn’t have your first change in that centre, or with Mycroft breathing down your neck. We needed to get you out of London.”
Connecting to his wolf to hone in on the moon was hard, and he’s still not sure how he did it. He knows that trying to maintain that connection will be even harder than initiating it. But he thrives on a challenge.
. He goes to them, explains his deductions, and John is happy but not happy (shocked, nervous, that must be it). Sherlock is decidedly not happy; he knows he’s talking, but all he sees is John helping a hugely-pregnant Mary, John up all night calming a screaming baby, John changing nappies, John making bottles, John out pushing a pram around the park, John buying baby toys and clothes. In short, John focused entirely on his child and Sherlock out of the picture. John won’t have time for him anymore. He wasn’t going to have as much time for Sherlock after getting married, and he certainly won’t now that there’s a baby on the way.
“Cornwall?” That’s the farthest south they can get from London.
He has his phone out ready to call an ambulance to get them to the nearest burns unit, so he’s surprised, therefore, to get downstairs and find Sherlock sprawled in a rather ungainly manner on the floor, barefoot pulled up close to his face to glare at it as if it has committed every atrocity in the universe since the dawn of time. John spares a brief thought for Sherlock’s unto-now-unknown flexibility (best not to think of these things around him) then moves cautiously towards him, a little wary of the heat of his glare.
“Mycroft.”
“I don’t just… I mean, I
John is really quite enjoying being pressed up against the door by Sherlock's tall, solid body, especially when Sherlock's desperately shaking fingers slip off John's buttons and he curses under his breath.
Sherlock seems to be in good spirits today, despite last night’s black mood. He looks even more dishevelled now than when he woke up. There are two pink spots on his cheeks and his eyes are brighter now, sleepiness gone. They eat many rounds of breakfast in companionable silence. John half wants to discuss Sherlock’s dislike of being in wolf form, now that he’s in a good mood, but his other half wants to leave it, wants not to spoil the happier atmosphere. It’s true that last night Sherlock was taking too much control over his wolf. That will only end in tears if it continues. But John thinks it’s probably something Sherlock should find out himself, rather than be lectured to.
“You’re enjoying this,” he begins.
“Show me the CCTV,” John says. He may be coming across as demanding, but with Sherlock gone he can’t bring himself to care.
Sherlock is glad that he never picked up Mycroft’s smarm.
Mycroft ignores his question completely. “Good day, Dr. Watson, and good luck.” He turns and descends the stairs.
Sherlock closes his eyes and tries to feel what the wolf can feel. The wolf is in his mind palace now. It shouldn’t be so hard. But it takes him more than one attempt. More than three. There’s no obvious
“Thinking,” he replies, blinking himself out of it.
“I love you,” Sherlock says, capturing John’s lips.
Sherlock opens his eyes and makes a noise of protest. He might be pouting. He tightens his hold on John.
“We need to disinfect your wounds,” Sherlock says, effectively distracting John from painful memories.
“Well, it’ll hit soon. Make sure you stay inside, warm and dry, you and your friend.”
John’s wolf looks to his human side, sees dogs and cats being petted and is offended. He isn’t a
Sherlock is silent. He drinks some whisky.
“Oh, fuck,” says John, understanding.
“What do you think it will be like?” he counters.
“Shut up!”
“The owner is coming at midday to check the place over and collect the keys,” John says. “You need to get up and packed.”
John is sure he couldn’t be any more turned on than this. “So you’re coming around to the idea of slow and steady then?” he asks, not so steadily.
Sherlock feels a little bloom of warmth. John is still defending him to Mycroft.
Clara nods. Of course she does.
“You like watching me play,” he says suddenly.
“What do you want to do today?” he asks instead.
He occupies himself with turning off the lights and opening the door. A gust of wind sends it flying open. Raindrops spatter over the floor. Sherlock looks even less impressed.
Damn him. Sherlock tries so hard to be immune to Sherlock's small ‘pleases’ and puppy dog eyes (he knows if he turns around now there will be puppy dog eyes), but Sherlock is just too good at convincing him. No. Scratch that. John is just too bad at resisting him. He turns.
knew where they’d gone. John calms Lestrade and offers a quiet explanation that Sherlock ignores. He doesn’t think John says explicitly what they were doing, but Lestrade had been called when Sherlock was bitten, and he’s not entirely an idiot (probably the best detective on the force, in fact, not that Sherlock would say that out loud) and he knows how long a month is. Sherlock is quite sure he’ll figure out their disappearance in his own slow time.
Sherlock makes a frustrated noise and rolls away. He feels grateful (no awkward erections) and disappointed (no Sherlock) in equal measure.
“It doesn’t matter. Now I can watch the light show.”
“You’re already dosed up,” John says. “I bet you’re bored of being cooped up though. Shall we break out of here?”
“No.”
(See the end of the chapter for
He sips his tea standing at the open back door. The morning air is cold and crisp; the grass is wet, sparkling with dew. Outside there’s a small patio and a patch of garden with flower beds. John wonders how much of the land behind belongs to the cottage. There’s no fence or hedge or divide to show him. Does it extend all the way up to the woods on the hill?
The rain continues during and after dinner, getting gradually heavier. John hopes it will have stopped by tomorrow night. His wolf doesn’t mind, of course, but he isn’t particularly fond of changing back into a wet human body. Their evening is quiet: the fire, the violin for Sherlock, his book for John. He retires to bed early and suggests that Sherlock do the same, since they’ll be up all of tomorrow night. Again, he leaves the curtains open. The storm clouds make his bedroom darker than it was the previous night. He settles in and drifts off to sleep.
Sherlock tuts at him. “Take your top off so I can clean this properly.”
(See the end of the chapter for
John puts a paw on his leg to stop him. This isn’t a conversation they can have while one of them can’t actually talk.
Sherlock smiles. He does particularly like that piece and playing it was remarkably effective in calming his wolf. And John’s praise is always, always welcome.
Another memory. Feeling uncoordinated, off-balance. As if he’d been drugged. His arms are clean, now, and there’s no dressing on his neck, no sign of injection. But he can’t have been drugged via the wolf’s bite. Some piece of knowledge is knocking deep within his mind palace. Something else is scratching at the windows. He must know what happened, but he can’t recall it. And what is this presence outside his mind palace, trying to get in?
“You said no talking,” John says.
“We can’t be sure that Mycroft has called his men off,” John replies, “but I promise we’ll go out tomorrow. Shall we order from Angelo’s?”
“You weren’t here, John.” That wasn’t what Sherlock meant to say, and he certainly didn’t mean for it to sound so vulnerable.
John pulls down two glasses and the bottle of whisky and pours two fingers for both of them. Sherlock is frowning at him.
John doesn’t relax once they’re in the park. It’s closed, so they don’t have to worry about humans, but if John has discovered this way in, other Weres probably have too. Sherlock sniffs at the nearby trees and bushes, trying to pick up another pack’s scent. Nothing.
Sticking close to each other, hands on back and arms, they stumble into 221 and upstairs to the flat. As soon as the door is closed John crowds Sherlock up against it, leaning up to kiss him again. His blood is thrumming through his veins. He nips at Sherlock’s bottom lip and steps in closer, pressing their bodies flush together, rocks his hips against Sherlock’s, but the angle isn’t quite good enough for both of them.
“I didn’t think you’d be up this early,” he says without turning.
“John.”
John wakes before Sherlock, the afternoon sun bright in his face. Sherlock’s head is resting on John’s shoulder. His curls tickle John’s neck. John gently dislodges him, then gets up and stretches, joints popping. He pulls on last night’s clothes. He feels refreshed, like he always does after a change these days. It clears his mind and calms his wolf, and he’s learnt to love it.
“You’re not, and pretty soon Lestrade will realise and either kick you off the case or drag you off for a drugs test.”
“Stargazing, yeah. Jesus, Sherlock, stay in touch, okay?”
“It is now. What an excellent nagging mother you’d make.”
His human side is sleepy too. But it’s taking over. It’s awful at using his senses. But it’s—
“But why would you want to hide it?” Sherlock mumbles against his lips.
Sherlock’s stomach obviously agrees, because he follows him downstairs without kicking up a fuss about how much food he’s being expected to consume in one day. John quickly knocks up vast quantities of pasta for them. They’ll need their strength for the change later, even if they do only stay in wolf form for two hours.
“What you just did,” he says between kisses, “at the cottage, after you left me in the shower, I imagined that you didn’t stop. That you did that to me instead.”
“One final change. Then we can go back to London and you can go back to pissing off the police and chasing down criminals for another month.”
He never expected to fall in love with anyone, ever. He’s above all that. Mycroft has been conditioning him against caring ever since he was young, he knows that. He’s not an idiot. He goes along with it, though, because it’s probably the most sensible idea Mycroft has ever had. Why embroil yourself in messy interpersonal relationships? It’s unnecessary.
John settles in to read his book. Sherlock finishes his apple and throws the core onto the cold ashes of the fire.
“Good,” John replies. He tugs the blanket off the back of the sofa and arranges it over Sherlock. Sherlock shifts around restlessly until John resumes stroking his hair.
He almost stumbles as he gets out the shower, grabs a towel and disappears. Sherlock stares dumbly after him, brain attempting to catch up, trying to understand. John was just as hard as he was (still is), he wanted it too, so why leave him? He pushes away from the wall, stands for a minute, two, then switches the shower off and retreats to his own room with a towel. He is still perplexed. John initiated. John let Sherlock into his bed, more than once, John stroked his hair, John suggested, no, stated, that they shower together. But it was John that ran away.
“Fine. Eat your bloody toast and be proud of your stronger door.”
He shushes him and examines the cuts. “It’s not fine. They hurt you. They made you bleed.”
“Stop shouting,” Sherlock groans.
sounded like he was in extreme pain. “Definitely no acid burns.”
He catches a cab to Mycroft’s office, his anger welling up more the closer he gets. On arrival, he’s waved straight through, as if he’s expected, which he bloody well ought to be after the stunt that Mycroft pulled yesterday.
John grins. He loves their childish moments.
“Argh!” He turns his back on John and buries his hands into his hair, tugging.
John chews on his lip. “There isn’t much information on that,” he replies.
“So where are we really going?” Sherlock asks as they get in.
John pokes his nose hard. Sherlock rouses and growls at him.
, part of him corrects.
“But the growling? The yellow eyes? It must— oh! A wolf! In London?”
“That’s not the point,” he says, offended. Obviously the chips are better stolen from John’s plate. John must know this.
“Don’t disagree with me,” John says firmly. “Don’t put it down as something simple or something which hundreds of people can do. To me it’s extraordinary.”
Sherlock pushes the door shut and they both change back. Each time it’s easier and slightly less painful. But once he’s back in human form they both immediately start shivering — they didn’t light a fire today and the damp, chilly wind has been blowing through the house for the past two hours. Sherlock’s teeth chatter. So do John’s.
He puts down his phone with a sigh, and retreats to his mind palace.
“Goodnight, John.”
Shit. These men are Weres; they’ll trust their instincts. Does he act now, while he still has a slight element of surprise? Their attention will be more focused on Sherlock now that they sense a threat.
“Correct,” says John. He looks pleased with himself. “I noticed the cheesemonger’s had proper Scotch whisky on the back shelf and I thought I’d get us something nice. A treat.”
“Please,” Sherlock says breathlessly.
“Do you think Mycroft’s men are in Scotland yet?” he asks Sherlock cheerily as he leaves the office.
His voice so close to John’s ear makes all other thoughts vanish. John hesitates. Is he still being quiet, or…?
Sherlock just blinks. John goes back to preparing food.
They race off on the case again the next morning, once John decides that Sherlock is rested enough. It’s a confusing web of family ties and forbidden marriages and broken deals in the criminal underworld that John can barely keep up with as Sherlock tears through it in a frankly impressive three days. When they get back home John simmers down Sherlock’s post-case high with food and tea, checks his bite wound (healing well, beginning to scar at the edges) and puts him to bed.
“You did. You still do. In your human body. Your wolf doesn’t understand the world in the same way. Different things are important to it.”
He jumps down from the sofa, stretching his joints out. When he goes through to his bedroom he finds that it smells strongly of his human scent.
, just lingering on the edge. He whines, keens, presses up into John’s hand.
. John’s hips jerking into his fist, just like this. Sherlock’s back arches and as the John of his imagination comes, Sherlock comes too, barely cutting off a moan. John, John,
people here, two… three… four in total. One is the other scent he picked up at the depot, one is… Sherlock! John’s tail gives a wag before he stills it. The other two he can’t identify — but wait. These aren’t ordinary people. All the people here are Weres, in human form, luckily, or they would have scented John by now. He pads back to the stairwell to consider his next move.
“Your body is trying to heal a vicious bite and adapt to a completely new form, all while sustaining constant head pain and running on your standard sleep deficit. It’s hardly surprising that you need rest.”
In bed they reach for each other and push the covers down with their feet. They kiss slowly to start with, a warm up. Sherlock skates his hands over every part of John’s bare skin that he can reach. John’s attentions are more focused: Sherlock’s neck, his nipples, a firm hand running down his stomach to rub his growing erection. Sherlock takes his hand and places on his arse. He slots their legs together and presses close and for several minutes they rock lazily together, kisses growing deeper and more heated by the second.
It all happens very quickly, then. The leader lashes out, claws John around the face. Sherlock’s careful control snaps. They hurt John,
“Too much thinking,” John says.
He pulls at Sherlock and Sherlock rolls a little closer. John draws Sherlock’s arm over his waist and rearranges them until he’s comfortable. Sherlock relaxes. His head has gone quiet again. It’s...nice. He thinks he could get used to this.
John giggles and comes over to straddle him on the sofa. “Yes, how dare I?” he says, then leans over to kiss him, and before they know it they’ve lost a good hour to snogging on the sofa.
“Needing to think isn’t a reason to catch your death.”
“What?”
They’re running when John suddenly stops and barks a warning at him. No, not at him,
“I would enjoy a life of music, but being in an orchestra would be a life of continuous rehearsals with squabbling members and a conductor trying to change everything you do and someone else picking the pieces. My music is mine.”
Sherlock blinks sleepily and stretches languorously as John gently cleans the come from his stomach and genitals. He quickly returns the flannel to the bathroom and is back in bed, under the covers with Sherlock, in moments. They lie face to face, in each other’s arms.
Sherlock wiggles his hips again, grinds back against John’s hardness. He brushes his fingers along his own erection, feather-light. There’s a half-asleep groan behind him. Sherlock rolls over, presses their groins together.
His human side is worried, but the wolf just wants to play now that he finally has a packmate. And he wants Sherlock to have fun too.
“They put my agitation after two weeks down to the infection. They thought it was because I was feverish. When the full moon came, I wasn’t connected with my wolf, because half the time I’d been off my face on painkillers. I didn’t even know that I had a wolf in me to connect with. No one had told me. My memories were hazy. I thought maybe I’d imagined it. I didn’t know to change, so my wolf forced it. It— A forced change is fucking painful, Sherlock, don’t let it happen to you.”
The teenagers, frozen in shock when they saw John, run scattering at Sherlock’s approach. Their cans of alcohol are abandoned, left leaking onto the path. The scent is cheap and pungent.
“You wanted to be kissed?” he asks.
Sherlock is staring.
Sherlock nods. “The wolf has gone to sleep.”
“There’s no ransom? They don’t want money?”
He just can’t get enough of John, especially now, around changes. He needs him close. But John doesn’t want that. Does he? He has no way to know. He turns his pillow lengthways and sprawls across it. It’s a pitiful substitute for human comfort, but he can’t do any better. It doesn’t matter: exhausted from the night’s activities, he’s asleep in minutes.
Sherlock spins around to look at him, normal Sherlockian curiosity back in his eyes for the first time today.
John follows his gaze. “That’s lovely.”
His hand finds Sherlock’s hip, tugs at his pyjama bottoms. Sherlock shoves them down and off, making John whine when Sherlock’s hand leaves his dick. He sucks at John’s sensitive neck again, and is rewarded by John’s arse pressing back against his cock.
“Bossy.”
A low strike makes his foot skitter across the unfinished floor and opens up a graze. (
“Yeah, no shit,” John groans.
“It’s just simple observation, not difficult as long as one pays attention. And it went well.”
Sherlock frowns, silenced. John pays for the frankly astounding amount of shopping and manages to fit almost all of it into the rucksack, leaving just two bags to carry.
His pursuers are still too close. He needs to lose them before he can get to safety. More quick turns, ever narrowing streets. A quick dash through the front and out the back of a shop. Not far now.
His left hand convulsively clenches, creasing the corner of the paper. Sherlock isn’t dead, but these people will kill him unless John gets to them first. He’ll kill every one of them twice over if they dare harm Sherlock.
“Nothing.”
He’s not sure how or when the cocaine started. Perhaps it was at a house party, invited by a boastful student who had a bet that they could get the tall, cold-looking one with the terrifying dog to come. Or perhaps it was his own idea, as his mind slowly tried to tear itself to pieces and Nyx lay in the corner growling softly at nothing. Those were the bad days.
And then there’s kissing. So much kissing that he sometimes thinks he’ll burst just from the kissing, just from what he’s feeling. Then John takes it further, pushes him up to that delicious edge with his hands, his fingers, his mouth, until he tumbles over and breaks apart. John is always there to pull him back together. Sherlock does the same for John, discovers his sensitive spots, his ticklish spots, touches him everywhere, learns what he likes. Now that he is allowed to touch John as much as he wants, is encouraged to even, he can’t stop. He wants to know everything about John’s body. He loves the noises he makes. The knowledge that it is
“I’ll make some tea in a minute. Then we’ll go to bed.”
“Beautiful,” John groans. “You’re gorgeous. So hot. And you’re all mine.”
Sherlock comes back down and sits at the table again. He’s holding himself tensely (John can tell now because he’s seen him at his most relaxed) and he’s roughly towel-dried his hair into a tangle of knots. John places a stack of pancakes in front of him, then goes to fetch a towel and a comb.
After dinner, Harry demands to know what progress he’s made in his thinking. She’s like him in that way; she requires action.
“We are,” John agrees.
A case gets dangerous. They’ve been living together for a year, or something like that. It feels like less. It feels like a lifetime. Sherlock marvels at it every day. But still he wants to confront this gang of criminals, and ignores John’s protests. Nyx protests too. They know all John can hear are the yips and barks of a regular dog. It’s too dangerous, she tells him. You can’t go, or at least not alone. Take John with you. He can take his gun. Please, Sherlock, don’t do this to us again, don’t hurt us. Sherlock brushes her objections off as well, until John says four quiet words that change Sherlock’s whole world:
John looks up. He hadn’t realised that Sherlock was still awake. Sherlock stares at him.
John drives. As much as he can he avoids the main roads around London, sticking to B-roads, although it’s highly unlikely that anyone will know they’re in this car.
John stares at his departing back, USB stick still held out in the air where he took it from Mycroft, and wonders if he’s beginning to hallucinate from lack of sleep.
“Yes, I suppose he does,” he says.
Or tries to say, but what he hears come out of his mouth is more of a garbled moan. The pressure of the hand disappears. He forces his eyes open. The room is thankfully dimly lit. Hospital. No, private hospital. Clinic? Mycroft’s doing. His whole body aches, his side is throbbing.
“He won’t treat you differently if you prove to him that he doesn’t have to. He just doesn’t know what to expect. Most people don’t even know when one of their friends or colleagues is a Were.”
John goes quiet after that. They’re not going to the park tonight, in case the aggressive pack is still lurking about. John has said he’ll take them to some quieter suburban areas, where fewer people will be about at this time of night. When they return to Baker Street, they’ll wait for the street to be as clear as possible before he sneaks Sherlock up to the flat. If anyone sees them, they’ll assume Sherlock is a very large dog.
“And then the next day we’re going back to London.”
"Shh, you silly man," he says softly, too fondly for it to sound like that's what he really means.
“How is your head? Is leaving the door open helping?”
Sherlock retreats back into his mind palace. A headache is threatening so he’ll spend some time sitting at the door with the wolf. It keeps the headaches at bay.
“Making me sleepy,” Sherlock murmurs.
Sherlock turns — steadier now — and makes his way down the alley towards the main road. John hurries after him.
Sherlock looks up. The moon is still visible in the early morning sky. It’s only the thinnest whisker away from full.
The man pushes him away by his head and leans back against the alley wall, catching his breath. Sherlock wipes away saliva from his mouth and chin and stays kneeling, staring at the floor, brain curiously, unpleasantly silent. After a few moments, the man rummages in his back pocket and chucks a clear bag of white powder down to Sherlock.
a soldier going into battle, damn it.
John looks away first. “Let’s get you untied and out of here,” he says.
John stands and begins to pace. “What about this CCTV footage?”
“Of course,” John replies.
Oh no. He doesn’t like this.
“Up you get, then.” He takes his arm and helps him up. “How about you brush your teeth and take a shower to help you feel more human?”
The fun of play is slightly ruined when they get out of the water and Sherlock discovers that the sand is sticking to him more than ever. He tries to shake it off the whole way up the beach. Big clods of it stick to his paws. John takes pity on him and shows him how to roll in the gravel to get it off. Once it’s gone they’re off again. They run up and down the hill. He follows the chirping of night insects. They practise hunting them. He can move almost silently. Like a whisper of wind. The human side of him is impressed. He stalks a night chirper — slow, focused, deadly. John ambushes him from the side. A lesson for his defences.
Sherlock lets his eyes roam over John’s flushed chest and growls his approval around his cock. The muscles of John’s neck stand out as he tips his head back with a long, drawn-out sound of pleasure. However much John wants them to come together, Sherlock will still tease him relentlessly, take him right to the edge. John desperate and pleading is one of his most cherished versions. And it results in an excellent outcome for both of them. So Sherlock works his mouth further down John’s cock, alternates between soft suckles and long, hard pulls. Finding what will drive John mad is his favourite game of deduction.
Just when he thinks he’s about to explode (and not in the way he wants to) John’s hand wraps around his cock and jerks quickly. Sherlock howls and tries to push into his hand and onto his cock all at once. He can barely keep his eyes open with the pleasure of it all but he wants to watch John above him, flushed and sweating and beautiful, muscles sliding under his golden skin as he thrusts deeper. A few firm tugs and he arches, toes curling, calling out John’s name hoarsely and painting thick stripes of come up his own chest. John is panting broken half-sentences of praise. Sherlock opens his eyes and looks blearily up at John, whimpering softly at each thrust rubbing against his deliciously sensitive skin. It doesn’t take long then. John comes with a curse and Sherlock feels it inside him, groans at the feeling.
“Here,” John says, emerging from the bathroom fresh and clean, with a flannel for Sherlock.
“I’m not hungry.”
“Well,
His wolf keeps whining, apparently unsatisfied with that. Sherlock shifts, uneasy. “What’s wrong?”
He shivers and presses in even closer to Sherlock. “Yes, you should,” he attempts to say, but his words are lost when Sherlock bends his knees and brings their cocks into alignment and another round of enthusiastic snogging begins, this time with added frotting.
As John moves about in the kitchen making their early dinner, he fetches his violin from upstairs, along with the sheet music for his composition. He was thinking about it on the way down in the train. He just needs to add the final few notes and it’ll be complete. Then he’ll play it to John, ever his best and most attentive audience. He plays through a few classical pieces, to warm up.
“I’m not nervous,” he replies, a touch too quickly.
John laughs softly and leans up to kiss him again. It’s incredible. How has he been missing out on this all this time?
John stirs sugar into tea and thinks. Today’s Thursday. “Tuesday night. He was already gone when I woke up Wednesday morning.”
“John, why are you worried that I’ll throw you out?”
The last is in his Captain Watson voice, which Sherlock loves unfailingly. Plus, it has the ability of making even Mycroft do as he’s told. There’s a long, silent minute in which Mycroft stares at Sherlock. His wolf takes this as an affront, and starts growling. Just before Sherlock decides to let his wolf snap, Mycroft breaks eye contact and stands.
Sherlock makes a noise of pure irritation normally reserved for Anderson, stands up, grabs John's shoulders and kisses him soundly.
“I’m sticky,” John says. “Do you want to take a shower with me?”
“Speaking of moaning…” John says, and pushes him back against the wall, sinks to his knees and sinks his mouth around Sherlock’s cock.
“Well, more fool me for thinking it’s a good idea to wear your coat out in winter.”
John wants to say yes, but he doesn’t want to start a battle of wills. It needs to be Sherlock’s decision.
“You’re awake, brother.”
He rolls away out of bed, stands up gracefully. John wants to say
Sherlock shifts and stretches. He’s hesitant, uneasy. But — John scans the area — there’s no danger, so why? They’re fine here. Much freer than in the loud, busy city. He runs in a wide circle, then skids to a halt facing Sherlock.
He doesn’t want to be inactive, twiddling his thumbs, so he gets up and heads out. While he has nothing to do he may as well pick up his stuff from Harry’s.
“We both know you’ll steal my chips the second they’re placed in front of me,” John replies, and leads them to the town’s only pub.
“What? It’s true!”
A phone box starts ringing as he passes it. He ignores it. This is why he’s turned his phone off. Any contact from Sherlock (or his brother, about Sherlock) and he’ll just be even more confused. He can’t afford to mess this up.
He wants to see his reflection in a mirror, see just how much Sherlock has covered him in marks and claimed him. But not yet. Not now that he’s got a warm, happily well-fucked Sherlock in bed with him.
“The opposite direction,” John answers. “South.”
Lestrade is watching them curiously.
“You can stay,” John says. “I don’t mind. Try and get some sleep.”
“Okay, here’s the plan,” John says. “We’re going to eat early. Then I’ll explain to you how changing works. We’ll probably be out most of the night. When we’re back, straight to bed to recover. How does that sound?”
It’s Mycroft, leaning on his umbrella. He holds out a USB stick.
“I’m popping to the shop for a few things, and I would really like you to get some rest, okay?”
“There’s no need to be so petulant. All I want is to see how my little brother is doing.”
John redresses the wound and slides his hand gently over Sherlock’s side. “There.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“My head hurts.” He does
“No, I need to stay awake to keep an eye on you,” John protests.
Sherlock’s fingers dig bruises into John’s arse as he tries to catch his breath, tries to chase his orgasm which is
Midnight. The church bell is silent.
“Get your gun, John. I have the note dropper on camera an hour ago, and you’re going to follow his route.”
John freezes immediately, looking up warily as if he’s between the legs of a spooked animal.
He knows he’ll be back when the drugs run out.
John grins. “Maybe just a little. Definitely a performer.”
“Shit!”
Ah. That explains it. Sherlock has never liked storms. No wonder his wolf doesn’t either. In London they’re muffled by the constant noise of traffic, made more bearable by the comfortable press of flats and buildings surrounding him. Here, though…
“Sorry,” John says. “I know it’s difficult.”
says John’s body language. Yes. More practice is needed. And more time close to John, too. They have no tension between them when they’re like this.
The train station is at the edge of the town, not far from its industrial estate. This is where John leads them.
Sherlock flops down onto his uninjured side. John doesn’t know if he can understand human speech right now. This is his first change, and the human side of him is battling the intrusion of the wolf. Sherlock’s clearly confused, probably in pain; he’s keeping up a low, steady whine. John just hopes his voice is providing him a little comfort.
“What was that?” John asks, smiling. Did Sherlock really just lisp? He’s never heard him do that before. He’s normally so sharp and precise with his words.
There had to have been more than that, to make John so angry, but he obviously isn’t going to say.
Sherlock subsides, leaving John feeling proud that Sherlock sees him as the person that knows him best. Most other people don’t try to know Sherlock beyond his all-business, often-insulting exterior. They don’t know that he has a softer side. John has glimpsed it. He knows that few others have.
He catches up to find a few beehives scattered around a small clearing.
He packs a bag with a few bits. Unlike Sherlock, he leaves a note. He plans to be gone for two days or so, so a note only seems fair, even if Sherlock won’t notice that he’s gone (or will he, now, after everything?). He keeps the note short. He doesn’t want to worry Sherlock with any of this. He just says he’s going to Harry’s for a few days and he’ll be back. On a second read-through he underlines the word ‘will’. He hesitates for a moment, then turns his phone off as well. It will just be a couple of days. Just to sort through his emotions and decide what to do about Sherlock.
he thinks.
John smiles ruefully. “You may be a little disappointed. So we went out and you
“Excited is the wrong word. More curious.”
Having the wolf inside his head isn’t so bad. Just different. It mostly paces around the corridors of his mind palace and fidgets at his inactivity. Today it’s been very insistent that he
Sherlock just stares at him.
So now, tonight, he will run the experiment until different conditions, fiddle with the variables. It won’t be as scientific as he’d like it to be. There’ll be a lot of analysing emotions — his own emotions — but he thinks that he’s learning how. He knows for sure that he doesn’t want to be miserable. He wants to be able to enjoy changing the way that John does. If he can. So tonight he is allowing his wolf a little more control, letting it do what it wants, but always hovering, ready to grab control back whenever necessary.
“Was I loud?” Sherlock murmurs after who-knows-how-long. He was a little too preoccupied to notice.
“You said you don’t know what it’ll do to my mind, John. I’m not going to let it in and become an animal.”
John stops his rubbing and just holds Sherlock’s hands in his. “We don’t have to stay out all night. Two hours will be enough.”
John’s wolf must be intensifying his feelings too. On his next pass, Sherlock grabs John’s arm and pulls him to sit down on the bed. He grips his arms.
“Foreign pack,” John says. “London’s full of them. Very aggressive. It’s a completely different culture, where they’re from.” He pauses to think, absently fingers the gauze on his neck. “London isn’t the best place for a Were. What are we going to do with you?”
“The past is over,” John says. “Nothing will be worse than that now. I’m here with you. My packmate. I never thought I’d have one.”
John jumps up onto the bed and burrows under the covers. He turns a few times, then curls up. Sherlock gets in on his side. It must be his side by now. Their warmth heats the bed. Perfect. But maybe it could be better. He shifts again to rest his head on Sherlock’s chest and shoulder. Sherlock’s arm reaches around and his hand buries itself in John’s fur again. He strokes him gently. John is drifting off to sleep already. Sherlock’s pyjama top smells lovely. His eyes droop.
‘We’ll find him’. It’s such an empty platitude. There’s a good chance they will find him; that’s not what worries John. What worries him is what state they’ll find him in.
Sherlock makes a
In the late afternoon they arrive where they’ll be staying: a charming holiday cottage on the Sussex coast. It’s isolated, with its own path down to a cove and a sweeping mass of land behind it. They meet the owner there. John pays the deposit in cash. Sherlock has to admire the effort he’s put into this. This must have been the reason for the phone call he made from the car rental office. After, the owner gives them a cursory tour. The cottage is a mix of cosy, modern, basic and rustic, like a countryside version of 221B, but with less mess. He imagines John didn’t have much choice in picking it, but luck, if luck exists, seems to have thrown them the perfect place.
He picks up his violin. He finds the music he started composing at the cottage.
“Your hands are cold, too,” John says. “Let me fix that.”
Sherlock isn’t entirely sure what John says but he sounds tired too. He thinks he might make a noise of agreement. His blanket is warm. He finally understands the expression ‘bone tired’. He falls asleep.
As they eat, he curiously finds himself looking forward to the change, and not for any ulterior motive. Quite simply he wants to change, wants the private, open space here to run around and play with John, his friend, packmate, lover.
Exhaustion gets the better of them, eyelids drooping. They’ve only had a few hours of sleep, and several hours of running around in wolf form. John yawns into their kiss and chuckles at himself. He pulls away from Sherlock’s lips. Backlit by the sunrise, his hair is a golden halo.
for both of them and they’re pelting along the finishing stretch. Months and months and years of silently simmering attraction finally boiling over.
“They’re not so bad, see?”
Sherlock doesn’t answer for a long while. Then, “I can look after myself, John.”
“I’d like to see you play at a concert, with an orchestra. I bet you’d command the whole stage, just like you do a crime scene.”
When he goes to take John's hand they stop him. He gets angry, then he listens for long enough to realise they want him to wash the blood off his hands. He does, meticulously, John's partly dried, partly still warm blood sticking in the creases of his finger joints and under his nails and he thinks, hysterically, that it's just John's blood, and he can't infect John with his own blood.
He can feel himself melting under the kiss, like he always does, but now he’s hyper-aware of where John’s hand is going. He hasn’t tried this yet. He’s had two fingers inside of John, but this is entirely new to him. He feels more than hears John lubing his fingers up. A gentle finger reaches between his legs and rubs slowly over his hole. Sherlock can’t help tensing, at first, but as the finger continues rubbing, and John continues kissing him like
“I thought you were dead.”
Sherlock dries off, then flops onto the bed. His cold bed, without John. Without the heat of John’s body against his. John’s hot mouth around his finger. Fuck. Sherlock’s now limp cock is swelling again as he imagines John’s body against his, John sucking his finger, John’s cock rubbing against his. God. Sherlock slides his hand slowly down his stomach and brushes his palm up the length of his cock. His breath catches in his throat.
John snuggles sleepily closer. Sherlock kisses his head, nuzzles his hair, and closes his eyes. He smiles.
“Alright now, love,” John says after many minutes, fingers stopping and body pulling away.
Sherlock is gripping his wounded side, gasping, face screwed up in shock and agony. John grabs his arm.
“That one.”
“I’m all yours,” Sherlock whispers when they break apart, stroking John’s cheek.
“You’ll change anyway. It’ll be easier if you prompt it yourself.”
“Very nice,” says John. He hands Sherlock a glass of whisky before settling into an armchair by the fire.
“In minute detail, John,” Sherlock requests. “Facts, not figures of speech.”
Sherlock turns back to look up at John, and John’s breath catches in his throat. Sherlock’s eyes are the pale silver-blue of his human eyes — not the usual yellow or orange of wolves — and the effect of the blue against his dark coat is stunning. It takes John a long moment to remember to break eye contact. This is Sherlock’s first time in wolf form, and new instincts are humming through him. John doesn’t want to provoke him.
Relaxed, but also more alert. London isn’t like Sussex. They have to be on their guard in case there are any packs roaming around that decide to start a fight.
“Imagine having a migraine like that every single day, but worse.”
John yawns. “Of course I’d come and find you. Why not?”
Sherlock huffs and takes John’s wrist (gently, even though he’s being an idiot) in his mouth. He tugs slightly.
“What about changing?” he asks. “Do I have to? How often? Is is always that awful? Why did—”
The habit worsens. Sherlock ignores Nyx’s protests, which drift to his ears as if through water. You’ve been kicked out of your college. How are you going to pay for this? What are you doing? You’re destroying your brain. She tries to intimidate the dealers Sherlock goes to, but Sherlock’s desperate, drugged-up eyes and the money he brandishes at them persuades them otherwise. Sherlock sinks further away from Nyx, and Nyx despairs, unable to stop him escaping her, forced to stay and watch him trickle away.
He gently nudges Sherlock backwards until he’s sitting on the bed. His cock slides out of John's mouth with a pop when he sits, and he gasps at the rush of cold air, but John quickly slides back down on him. He bobs up and down on his cock, hand working in tandem. It’s quite amazing really, he’s getting noises out of Sherlock that he never imagined Sherlock could produce, let alone that John would hear. It makes John wish that he had his own mind palace where he could file them away and replay them over and over.
“Sherlock?”
deduce,” John says, with a sharp roll of his hips, “that you will enjoy me taking back control very much.”
Sherlock takes a bite from his apple and retreats back to the living room, looking at his watch. He sighs. “Time is crawling today.”
“Right,” John says. “Shower, now, both of us. Before our pathetic human bodies get hypothermia.”
Sherlock isn’t getting the message. He’ll be more obvious. John leaps on Sherlock and tackles him to the ground.
, to pull him back into bed, but apparently he’s been sending enough mixed messages as it is.
They sit in a back corner. The pub is small, dark in a cosy sort of way, and slowly filling with locals for the night. There’s an approaching chill in the air. As they sip their drinks, a staff members lights the fire. Sherlock is warm and his wolf is calm. The day after tomorrow he’ll be changing into wolf form.
So that’s where he is now, lying in bed trying to fix his broken sleeping habits, staring at the ceiling. He’s probably been here for hours, but looking at the time would be too depressing. At least Sherlock has shut up. Maybe he’s sleeping, lucky sod.
“On the contrary, Dr. Watson,” Mycroft says. “I believe this is something you will want to hear as a matter of urgency."
“Sherlock," John begins quietly, “you need to change that door back.”
“Too close,” he says breathlessly.
“Fuck it.”
“What I need to do is find Sherlock. I have to go.”
His wolf is impatient. He can almost imagine it glaring accusingly at him.
John waits until he hears the shower turn on, then strips off his coat and shoes and goes through to Sherlock’s room. He’s all energy, some of it nervous, anticipatory. He tries to sit on the bed, but has to get up and pace. He’s strung out. He can hardly believe that he got Sherlock back home mostly uninjured, let alone that they’ve
I know we left this story in the most tooth-rottingly fluffy place we possibly could, but as I was editing it I just couldn't get a new idea for this AU out of my head. If you feel like joining Were Sherlock and John again for some post-Reichenbach angst (with a happy ending!) then make sure you subscribe to me as an author or follow me on tumblr so you can keep updated. If you don't want to burst the happy bubble of Change then pretend I never mentioned it!
“Of course.”
They go up to 221B and drink tea together. There’s a blanket of calm spread over the city at this hour. They don’t talk but things feel relaxed. It makes a pleasant change. The flat is warm, the tea is soothing, their wolves are calm. Tea finished, John bids Sherlock goodnight and goes upstairs to his room. Sherlock goes to his own room. His wolf doesn’t like this loneliness, not after the hours of camaraderie and pack spirit tonight.
John told himself he’d be patient, but right now he needs to consume Sherlock, be surrounded by him.
John brushes him off and stands to examine his cuts in the mirror. They’re not so deep, fortunately, three parallel lines running along his cheekbone. He’d turned his head in time to avoid any worse.
They make it onto the train seconds before the doors close. As they settle into their seats, John’s eyes are shining with the same satisfaction Sherlock feels.
“Decided is a strong word, Mycroft.”
When Sherlock glances up a few minutes later he sees that John’s mug is drooping dangerously. He wriggles. John jerks awake again, splashing hot tea over his hand and hissing in pain. Sherlock jumps up and licks his hand. The taste of tea is offensive to his wolf taste buds. He licks around his own mouth, his nose, trying to get rid of the taste. John laughs.
Sherlock shifts, uncomfortable, and scratches at his chin. “I need to shower, shave…”
A slight twitch from John, and then he’s off, running flat out, joyous. Sherlock tears after him through the wet grass. He’s so
Damn it. Now he’s thinking about bending Sherlock in half in bed, again. Not while in the same room as Sherlock! That’s the rule.
At lunchtime he refuses to stop off at a service station, instead dragging Sherlock out of the car and into a shabby café. Sherlock doesn’t want to eat but John makes him have a slice of toast. The tea there tastes like piss, so he opts for weak coffee instead. He sips at it and watches John eat his bacon sandwich.
John turns his back on Sherlock to make them tea. He
With a shout, Sherlock's hips jerk and his cock pulses in John's hand, painting stripes of come between them. Just watching him is enough to tip John over the edge after him, moaning as he comes deep inside Sherlock.
“We didn’t realise anything had happened until late last night. I texted Sherlock with a case, then called him, then called you, but no one answered. Both your phones were off. I thought something had happened to you. You must have been the last person to see Sherlock. When was that?”
Idly, he lets himself daydream. What he wouldn’t give to be at home right now, in his armchair in front of the fire, John opposite him and a cup of tea at his elbow. He’d even take John berating him for his lapse of judgement. Any time spent with John is good. They wouldn’t have to talk, or they could talk about nothing at all. Conversation with John is good. He knows when to shut up and let Sherlock think, he doesn’t talk about inane things, he isn’t thrown when Sherlock abruptly switches topics or continues out loud a conversation that was started in his head. He always manages to prompt new sparks of thought. He makes Sherlock’s brain work faster. He is strong and dangerous but soft and unassuming and his hair has exactly five shades of blond and gold in it and——
John looks at him and waits patiently, realising this is important.
He quickly turns back to the stove so Sherlock won’t see the pang that gives him written across his face.
Sherlock doesn’t move, just looks out to sea.
“I wasn’t in control! And the wolf is so… so stupid. Idiotic and dumb and it has such a dull, dull mind. It didn’t even know what sand was, John! It was surprised that sand stuck to it when it was wet! And all I could do was sit back and watch because the wolf was in control but it was like watching through fog and listening through water. The wolf
So does Sherlock. “If you sleep eight hours,” he says, “I’ll sleep four.”
He rubs the sleep out of his eyes. John makes eggs for breakfast on days that will be long and busy. What has he planned?
He’s angry. Sherlock doesn’t quite understand why.
Just like that, he’s unleashed a flood.
Sherlock sighs. John is right. Headaches make him fuzzy-brained. He can’t think straight; his mind stagnates. He can’t stand stagnation. He understands theoretically that he should accept his wolf, but at what cost? What changes to his intelligence?
“I know your wolf wants to change now,” John says, “but if you dare try by yourself I will ruin all your experiments, and I won’t join you on any crime scenes for at least six months.”
Except he sounds more amused than annoyed and oh,
“Of course.”
“Mmm?” John has pasta sauce on his chin. It’s adorable. He wants to lick it off.
“Yeah, and I’m not young anymore. I can’t think of the last time I stayed up all night like that. I’ll be upstairs if you need me.”
I can’t keep up with you.
“You heard him, Mycroft. Clear out.”
Then John gently presses his lips to Sherlock’s and Sherlock’s eyes flutter shut and he just can’t help it. The kiss is nothing more than that but they stay that way for a few moments, pressed together, both here, both alive.
He keeps running, stumbling a little with the realisation. Sherlock is ahead, and even if he’s seen the clothes he won’t know what they mean, and their target will be angry, and Sherlock doesn’t have a gun. John takes a quick, fortifying breath, pushes down his fear, and throws himself into the alley after Sherlock.
“There’s still a week left to figure that out. Why did you change early?”
“Yes?” John asks, once he feels Sherlock relax into his touch.
“Don’t let me finish,” John clarifies, voice unsteady. “I want us to come together.”
“Play me that slow one,” John says, just as Sherlock decides to give up.
The foreplay and teasing has gone on long enough. He wants to come now, wants to watch John’s orgasm, wants his mind quiet and overwashed by pleasure. John agrees. He shifts his weight fully atop Sherlock, rearranges their legs, and takes both their cocks together in his hand. They’re pressed together chests to bellies to cocks to thighs. John’s toes push against Sherlock’s calves as he thrusts into his hand and against Sherlock’s cock. Sherlock is breathless with moaning and panting, but he claims John’s mouth anyway, kissing him with all the passion and heat and
“Thomas Finchley
“The conversation we’d had. I didn’t know if you’d stay after that. Too awkward. And when we got back just now I saw your note in the kitchen.”
John in his bed (to sleep,
He’s not sure what adjective to use. Interesting. Unexpected. Foolish. Problematic. Impossible. Thrilling. Terrifying. All of the above.
Sherlock flinches almost imperceptibly. Shit, bad word choice.
“Mmm,” John says, mouth vibrating against Sherlock's trousers. “How?”
“Just two hours,” John reassures him.
John smiles. “That depends on how well you do. And remember, I’m your doctor, so I’ll know if you’re bluffing. For now, we’ll take a walk around the park.”
John clears his throat and calms himself. “Yes, I suppose it is.”
“I love you,” Sherlock says, with a content sigh.
How has it taken him this long to catch up with his feelings? Obviously he’s wanted Sherlock for ages. In the shower he almost took what he wanted and Sherlock was responding. But he told John he didn’t want a relationship, before all this, before he had a wolf inside him that he can’t fully control. That would explain why he responded in the shower.
“Hurry,” he says, as John pulls out of bed.
“Good,” says John. “Shall we start then? Are you ready?”
John leads them back to the cottage. “You felt that, didn’t you?” he says. “When you connected with your wolf. That’s what you need to do to change.”
“Thought you’d like it,” John replies. He’s flushed, a little sweaty, but smug: beautiful. “And now for my next trick…”
His hand tightens on his mug. Why hadn’t Mycroft told him that already?
“Most people are shockingly unobservant,” Sherlock says.
He slams the door shut and marches into Regent’s Park. Mycroft had known John would be angry enough to need a walk before going home. That just makes him madder. Bloody meddling Mycroft. Finding out everyone’s secrets, deciding he knows what’s best for them without their say-so. John would love a chance to punch him in the face, but he’s not suicidal now. He keeps walking until he feels slightly less like he wants to burn everything Mycroft loves to the ground (except Sherlock), and then makes his way home.
Sherlock manages to say yes, but it’s drowned out by the thunder. John, wonderful John, understands what he didn’t say.
When Sherlock wakes, in human form, everything around him smells of John, or SherlockandJohn. He is surrounded by their scent, spooned by John’s naked body, awash in the wolfish sensations of their pack bond.
John’s wolf has been howling for action for hours. His nerves are bubbling under the surface, but he tries to keep them and his wolf as calm as possible. Logically he knows that he has no choice but to wait for nightfall, but every second spent waiting is putting Sherlock in more danger. He’s working on the assumption that Sherlock is alive. He can’t consider the alternative.
Greg nods in sympathy. John isn’t actually sorry for overreacting. He feels this situation deserves it.
John is sitting on the sofa where Sherlock was curled only a few minutes before. Sherlock can see where the hair on the back of his head is sticking up from his awkward sleeping position. That, and his getting defensive of Sherlock, makes Sherlock think of him as adorable, but he’s sure that if he ever voiced that John would punch him in the face.
“Okay,” John says. “I realise that you and your wolf don’t have the best relationship. But you need to be able to connect with it to change. So, tell me. Where is the moon?”
“No man turns up at his sister’s asking to sleep on her sofa for a couple of days if he hasn’t had a lovers’ tiff.”
John takes Sherlock’s hands in his. They’re cold, although not quite as much as his feet. He rubs them to warm them up.
Sherlock starts it. He gets the distinct feeling that John has been holding back, waiting for Sherlock to make the first move. John is going to bed and it’s late and the living room is dimly lit and Sherlock feels like tonight is a night he could actually be coerced into sleeping. But thoughts of his own bed feel cold and empty in comparison to the evening he and John just spent and Sherlock thinks he knows how to fix that.
,” Sherlock replies.
“Bach,” Sherlock says. “Partita No. 2. Now you can stop being so vague.”
They go to the bathroom and Sherlock undoes his shirt and pulls it off. He perches himself on the side of the bath while John washes his hands.
“It wasn’t a tiff,” John says. “I just… need to figure some stuff out.”
“I’ll go into town after this,” John says, after a while. “Return that torch. Are you coming?”
Three weeks pass. There are some cases, just small ones, just enough to stave off Sherlock’s boredom. Mycroft visits to check on Sherlock after the kidnapping, and leaves smiling slightly to himself after seeing the two of them together. Most of the time they spend curled up together in Sherlock’s bed. He’s never laughed so much. It’s lovely. Cases are stimulating, and John enjoys them too, but Sherlock’s bedroom is best, a bubble around them separating them from the outside world, a warm cocoon where they can just be Sherlock and John, John and Sherlock.
Sherlock ignores him in favour of deducing more passersby. John doesn’t mind. He enjoys watching Sherlock deduce people’s backgrounds and occasionally their life stories. Sherlock’s abilities will never cease to be fascinating to him.
“What am I going to do with you?” he sighs.
… But John has always been one for a challenge, so he wraps a hand around the base of Sherlock's cock, cautions his gag reflex not to let him down, and swallows as much of Sherlock's dick as he can manage. Sherlock's knees buckle and John would smirk if he could. He’s always been good with his mouth. And for a very long time he’s been keen to show Sherlock just how good he is. Now that he can, he’s going to make the absolute most of the opportunity.
“No, I mean you weren’t meant to… find out.”
Anyway, he doesn’t need to talk about
“Good,” Sherlock says. “I’ll send her a thank you card.”
“Thomas Finchley is a Were. And he bit me.”
He calls Mycroft. The ten seconds that it takes him to pick up are the longest in John’s life.
John pulls his fingers out to generously lube up his cock and Sherlock feels curiously empty. He reaches for John as John leans over him, hooks his legs around John’s waist as John slides a hand along his thigh.
It’s getting closer and closer to Sherlock’s first change. It’s been exactly three weeks since he was bitten, and the full moon was a few days before that, meaning he will have to change in six days. Knowing Mycroft, he will try something soon to get Sherlock under his observation and control. He needs to be on guard, but the wolf besieging his mind palace is getting more active as the moon waxes. It’s incredibly distracting. Sherlock is having to spend more and more time each day sitting at the door of his mind palace, calming it.
At half eleven, John stands up. Sherlock hasn’t been looking at the clock at all, but he instantly stands up too, looking the most apprehensive John has ever seen him.
him. John waits for the slew of words but he’s surprised.
It’s a little, well, cute that Sherlock felt the need to run away and leave the cottage after saying he didn’t want to live alone anymore. Especially after this morning when he happily planned out John’s retirement for him.
The next time he stalks past John, John catches his wrist. “Sherlock!” His tone is nearly sharp.
“Have you taken any painkillers?”
John doesn’t usually come home angry and he’s late. The mud on his shoes indicates that he was walking in the park. Conclusion: he must have been even angrier than this, and walked it off.
He puts his book to one side and gets up to serve them dinner. Sherlock follows to sit at the kitchen table. He brings his sheet music, always unable to sit and eat and only focus on one thing.
“I’m all yours now,” he says, and John has to close his eyes, rest his forehead against Sherlock’s, and moan his name.
What is this
He herds Sherlock upstairs, packmate, protection. Sherlock’s mind is still dazed, a little tied up with his wolf’s, so he doesn’t know if he’s imagining the feeling of John’s eyes on his naked arse or not.
“Bossy.” John grins and moves back onto the bed. He uncaps the lube and adopts a more serious face. “It’s okay if you don’t like it. Some people don’t. Just tell me to stop at any time and I will.”
“I’m taking Sherlock home,” John tells him. “I’ll text you when he can take the case up again.”
Sherlock opens his eyes then, and looks down at John as if he’s presented him with a locked room triple serial murder.
Their destination turns out to be a dodgy-looking car rental place. John asks to use their phone and is led through to the office. This seems like the kind of place where no questions are asked, which is probably why John chose it, as part of staying under the radar. After his phone call is completed, Sherlock watches John talk to the man who appears to be boss through the office window. John is holding himself straight and tense, in his soldier position. Words are exchanged, then a substantial amount of cash is exchanged, then John is handed the car keys.
of contemplation, then hooks a leg around John's and smoothly flips them over. John's arousal sparks.
John must have been trying to get his attention for a while. He lets John tug him over to the armchairs by the fire. They sit down, choosing the chairs on the same sides as their own in Baker Street.
“Yeah. I’ll be with you in five minutes, okay?”
“Do you remember what I said this morning about strengthening that door?” John asks.
“Oral fixation. Should’ve known,” Sherlock moans, as John tongues at him.
Sherlock’s eyes flick up, momentarily confused by John’s apparent mind reading.
“I did,” John replies.
, he feels his muscles relax, invite John’s finger in. John reads his body, can tell Sherlock is ready for more. He slips his finger in, just to the first knuckle, stills to let Sherlock adjust.
“Well. Last night tonight,” he says.
“Listen, what’s your name?” John asks. Calm, stay calm.
They sneak back to the flat. Once, they hear a shout of surprise, but they run to hide in the next alley, and no one comes. In the shed, John changes back into human form and collects Sherlock’s clothes. They wait together for a few minutes before going onto Baker Street. John’s hand is steady on Sherlock’s back.
“Based off just the train tickets?”
“My mind is quiet,” Sherlock replies.
John’s amusement is catching. Sherlock can’t help but be drawn into the prank. They edge closer to the fence, slither under it. John starts up a soft growl. The teenagers don’t hear it yet; they’re too loud, their human eyes not sensitive enough. Sherlock adds his growl, then a short howl.
“Insufferable. I thought he’d never go,” Sherlock says, but it doesn’t come out quite right — it lacks its normal bite.
“Sherlock.” Mycroft’s smile is slimy.
“What?”
It makes him want John. He fell asleep with John licking and nuzzling him, and now he’s surrounded by his scent. He wants more, so badly that his body is aching for it. Wiggling his hips, he finds that John is hard too.
“How do you want your eggs?” John asks.
“Some of us only went to bed a couple of hours ago,” John says.
“Bit early for a social call, isn’t it?” John asks.
Eventually Sherlock gets up. John licks him again, happily this time, and leads the way to the door. Outside is better. Sherlock will like outside. Wind, new scents. A fox came past last night after them. Its scent is sharp and strong. It tickles John’s nose. Sherlock is sniffing the air too. An owl hoots.
John smiles back, certain that he looks completely soppy and not caring one bit. “Alright, under the covers now.”
For a short minute, Sherlock feels the need to bound out of bed again and start solving things, but then John puts a hand on his waist and a hand on his shoulder and tugs at him to pull him closer. Sherlock shuffles over to him, leaving a small gap, conscious of John’s injuries.
It’ll be good to get some exercise.
“Really, Sherlock, it’s fine. You were following your instincts to protect and heal a pack member.”
The first step he takes outside, Sherlock has to stop. Everything is so much
It’s night, he thinks. He’s 95% sure. He can tell from the cold air that comes in every time someone new enters his cell, even though all air is cold here. Night air has a certain sort of biting chill to it. The next man who comes in to enjoy the show brings in the chill air and a waft of sharp cigarette smoke. Sherlock inhales deeply — as deeply as his ribs and strained position will allow. He would do anything,
“But the case!” Sherlock is already in the hallway, pulling his coat on.
Sherlock’s hands are bound behind his back. His ankles are tied, too. The knots are good, and John has to borrow a knife to get through them. He eases Sherlock up. His legs are weak after sitting for so long. John helps him upstairs and through the lobby. Outside, there’s a private ambulance waiting. John demands to check Sherlock over himself, but instead he’s sat down and given a shock blanket. He reaches for Sherlock’s hand and squeezes it gently.
“Harry, stop hounding the poor man,” Clara calls from the kitchen.
Again there’s the ball of knots in Sherlock’s stomach. But he knows he has to change tonight. He feels like he’ll explode if he doesn’t.
a good start. I lost it!”
Then there’s a flurry of shoes, keys, kisses goodbye, and Harry is gone. Clara, who works from home, comes through and hands John a cup of tea. Where Harry is energy and questions, Clara is calm and no assumptions. John appreciates it.
“Maybe if she learnt to get on with the animal she’d feel better.” He slides Sherlock a significant look.
John abruptly spins around, every line of his body simultaneously drawing towards and pulling away from Sherlock. Sherlock smirks. This is John’s body saying
“Let me see,” he says, crowing into John’s personal space.
John beams at him and Sherlock knows he’s understood. Together they go up to John’s room. As John unselfconsciously changes into pyjamas, Sherlock, already in pyjama bottoms and a t-shirt, drops his dressing gown to the floor and gets into John’s bed. He moves to the side John obviously doesn’t use and lies down and waits.
It hasn’t been easy, has it? he asks Sherlock, or Nyx, or both of them. He doesn’t expect an answer though. He is moderately intelligent and reasonably observant and he has a good imagination. He doesn’t need an answer. The tension is still thick and Nyx’s ears are still slightly back. Sherlock knows she wants, and he wants too. Do it, John, he urges quietly. John smiles a little smile and reaches out to slide a hand through Nyx’s fur.
“Tell me about the bees.”
Sherlock nods. John will only be able to hear his curls rustling against the pillow.
“No, he— we—”
The blankets and pillows have warmed to their bodies. The bed is soft and cosy. Sherlock’s hair slides softly through John’s fingers. Sherlock’s fingers, curled beside his head on John’s chest, tighten slightly and John takes it to mean
And yet here he is. Unnecessary though it may be, if someone told him he would never have the pleasure of John’s company again… well, it’s unthinkable. It’s John or nothing now. Which is exactly why he has to keep this revelation utterly secret. John isn’t interested. He’s not gay. He’s said as much so many times that Sherlock pictures the words with capital letters:
Sherlock slowly turns from the map he’s studying to face John. John’s eyes are full of understanding. I’ll go and get my gun, he says. Sherlock stops him, grabs his arm as he turns to go. He can’t get a question out. He can’t ask why, or how, or when. John sees him struggling.
“How come you don’t like storms?” Ah yes, that was it. John is always intrigued by the details of Sherlock’s past, particularly his childhood.
Sherlock smiles. A smile just for John. “My packmate.”
“That’s beside the point,” Sherlock says. John hands him a plate of toast. “I strengthened the door to my mind palace so the wolf won’t be bothering me now.”
Mycroft steps inside and opens his mouth, about to speak, but decides not to battle with Sherlock’s violin. He sits down opposite Sherlock, instead, and waits patiently for his tea before he begins. Irritated that Mycroft has chosen to sit in John’s chair without being invited to, Sherlock keeps up the screeches and wails on his violin.
Together they step outside. The open air is good, cold. The wind chills his nose, but he has a warm fur coat between him and the world. They look around, checking over their territory. Sussex. Open air, open land. Private land. Uninterrupted play. Suddenly the space between them is crackling with excitement. They both dash off up the hill at the same time, challenging their strength and agility. At the top Sherlock pounces on John, and they go tumbling back down together in a play-fighting ball.
Sherlock cleans the cuts on John’s neck. John winces at the sting.
Sherlock makes a noise that means he could probably be persuaded to eat something and rolls into John’s warm spot, face mushed into the pillow.
“What are you making?” Sherlock asks.
It’s fully dark. The moon has begun to rise. Sherlock’s wolf can feel it; it’s been pacing for hours now. John has dinner bubbling away on the stove. How can he stay so calm? Sherlock’s wolf is making him so frantic that he’s been tugging at his hair. He hates this on-edge feeling. John washes his hands and turns off the tap with a decisive twist.
Sherlock comes back downstairs, his cheeks pink from the heat of his bath, hair mad from a rough towel drying.
Sherlock is awfully tempted not to give Mycroft the satisfaction of getting what he wants. But he also wants Mycroft to see just how big he is, just how terrifying he can be. Mycroft is only human. Sherlock wants him to see his force and power. His wolf wants that especially.
“Beautiful,” John says.
This, howled up the stairs at a frankly impressive volume (Sherlock has never cared about the neighbours) and an honestly surprisingly high pitch, considering Sherlock has a voice deeper than all the coal mines of the North put together, which sounds exactly like how John thinks treacle and sex would sound. It’s also a voice which is currently in large amounts of pain. For approximately half a second John considers not rushing to Sherlock's aid, but the madman was doing an experiment with highly caustic acids, so John is down the stairs before his petulant thought has even fully formed. He likes Sherlock's hands as they are (quite a lot, ta) and he’d rather not deal with a moody genius recovering from third degree acid burns.
“Two hours only,” Sherlock say, then changes.
He hears Sherlock downstairs, rustling through some papers, then starting up a melody on his violin. He pauses frequently, plays and replays certain snatches. He must be composing. John wonders if the cottage is his inspiration; the tune is low, slow, smooth, comforting. If that’s how the cottage makes Sherlock feel then he is very glad that he went to the trouble of getting them here.
John closes his eyes and breathes steadily, easing himself away from a dangerous edge. He sighs softly. He wants what he can’t have so badly, but this bed-sharing thing that they’re apparently doing now is… well, it’s better than anything he thought he’d ever have. He reaches out to touch Sherlock’s curls lightly, then slides out of bed.
“Get in the car.”
“‘Feel the moon’?”
An hour later, Sherlock throws down his violin (or since he can’t bring himself to handle it badly, sets it on the table with the tiniest amount of force). John looks up from his book.
And this fic is about to earn its explicit rating. This is easily one of my favourite chapters just for its main events. Let me know what you think!
After Lestrade leaves, he tries halfheartedly to get some sleep. He doesn’t even make it upstairs to his bed, because that would feel too final, too much like giving up. He stretches out along the sofa instead, but his thoughts won’t stop racing. What Lestrade said goes around and around in his mind. What if they find him and it’s too late? His wolf is pacing in agitated circles, irritated at his inaction. Less than an hour later, there’s another knock on the door. He gets up gratefully to answer it.
Eventually John yawns. Sherlock snatches his hand back. John didn’t mean to make him jump. It’s bedtime. He gets up, stretches out. Mmm, that feels good on his warm muscles. He nudges at Sherlock’s leg to get him up.
“Yup.” Sherlock smirks as if John's thoughts are written clear across his face. They probably are.
Sherlock takes a deep breath. He wants to make an effort to be nice to John, because John was embarrassed this morning, and that sort of thing will make him touchy all day, despite the irrationality of his shame. John can be even more stubborn than Sherlock sometimes. So. Something to do.
“Try not to do anything rash, Dr. Watson,” he says finally.
John wakes him the next morning. From the doorway. Normally if John wakes him it involves a hand on his shoulder, but it seems that may have changed now. Will they stay like this from now on? He has learnt to enjoy the physical (and emotional) closeness of another human being with John. He doesn’t want that to disappear now that he has it.
Mycroft doesn’t comment on the fact that John came from Sherlock’s bedroom, but Sherlock can practically hear him thinking it, even from here.
He researches shamans and their spirit animals, trying to find out if there are more partners like him and Nyx in the world, and stumbles across a decades old unsolved murder. Neglecting his studies, he manages to solve it, and informs the correct authorities. Of course, they don’t take the word of a 19-year-old student, but he knows he’s right, and that’s enough. The moment that all the evidence clicks together is a glorious rush; Nyx’s eyes shine with it.
“We both go to sleep in wolf form.” He stands up from the fire and moves to stretch out on the sofa.
“Sorry,” he says, even though he tugged that knot on purpose to snap Sherlock out of it.
. Always at Sherlock’s side.
He nods. John moves away then, much to his disappointment, but he gets to admire John’s naked body as he moves to his bag and fishes in it. Sherlock’s hand drifts to his own cock, stroking himself. John turns around, having found the lube, and his eyes fix on Sherlock’s slowly moving hand.
“Maybe it’ll let up,” John says, stripping off.
“Head hurts,” he says instead.
He sets the paper alight with a box of matches beside the fireplace and sits watching to make sure the kindling will catch. It does, and Sherlock feels that warm little glow inside himself.
At half past three in the morning, he changes into one of his disguises — an old man’s soft sweater and shabby hat. Underneath he puts on all black clothing. His clothes tucked into the old man’s ratty carpet bag, he heads out, closing up his hideout.
“Something’s wrong.”
He doesn’t feel guilty about initiating cuddles or hair stroking. It’s clear that Sherlock enjoys them. But the problem with close, gently physical contact with someone he lo— someone he likes very much is that it’s just too tied up with sex in his mind. Sex and relationships. Which Sherlock has made very clear he does not do. And even if the shower was a sign that Sherlock wants sex (which blows John’s mind just a little, because he’s never been like that) John still can’t do just that. He can’t just have a quick fuck with Sherlock, then carry on as if nothing’s happened. He’s already in too deep for that. So, no. They don’t want the same things.
Sherlock looks at him hazily. He decides to try for wheedling. “But the case, John!”
Sherlock is silent and still. After a minute of thought he brings his violin up to his chin and practises his fingering, bow arm staying at his side. The quiet twang of the strings as they’re pressed and released is clear in the hush.
“Just two hours.” He squeezes Sherlock’s hands.
Sherlock starts screaming through his gag, frantic.
Then there’s just noise. Shouts, heavy boots, blinding torch beams. The second they light Marco and Sherlock up, John shoots, praying to everything that Marco’s finger won’t twitch on the trigger of the gun held to Sherlock’s head. There’s no second shot. John runs forward, shouting orders.
Sherlock stops playing. He doesn’t let himself smile. Of course he’s perfectly capable of defending himself against Mycroft, and has been for a long time before John came into his life, but he still likes hearing John do it.
He pulls his hand away from Sherlock’s chest for a full body stretch, yawning, nose scrunching up. He sits up, then slides out of bed. Sherlock instantly feels disappointed. Why won’t he stay longer? There’s something not entirely relaxed about how he’s holding himself. Is he embarrassed? Surely John has shared beds with countless people. Sherlock knows his reputation.
A final sprint to cover the next few corners before Mycroft’s men catch up and see where he’s headed. His wolf wants to stop now and breathe, but he forces his body on. There’s the door! No one is behind him. He skids to a halt and slips inside.
John laughs. “No, changing when slightly drunk would be a bad idea. You need to be completely focused. Especially the first time.”
He glowers at the pretence. Mycroft knows damn well that’s what he’s here about. “You need to stop trying to make Sherlock’s decisions for him. Maybe once he needed that, but he doesn’t anymore.”
“Shh,” says Sherlock. “No talking until I’ve cleaned you up.”
Three weeks fly by. They learn each other. Sherlock learns just how much John likes his lips, learns how to put them to good use around John’s cock. John learns how to overwhelm Sherlock, when to back off and slow it down. It’s largely unchartered territory for Sherlock, but here, exploring it with John, he feels safe.
He realises now, belatedly, that they never kissed in the shower. John’s lips touched his neck, left marks that have faded now, but never touched Sherlock’s lips. He thinks that would have felt more intimate. He wants that: comfortable intimacy. He’s never imagined that he could have that with someone.
“I wanted to go to the cave, but the tide is in.”
“Yeah, but you’re dead on your feet.”
“Goodnight, Sherlock,” John says. Sherlock can hear the smile in his voice.
Sherlock is pleased until John blushes and spins around to grab his bag.
“That’s fine,” Sherlock says. “Can we break out of here and go home now? I’m fine, see? Just need some painkillers for my head and I’ll be back to normal.”
Sherlock saves a copy of the letter to his mind palace before he deletes it from his laptop.
“Your body is tired. You need sleep. Your brain will work better if it’s rested.”
Sherlock considers this and decides on no.
“Yes sir,” John says, giving half a salute but more concerned with shoving his jeans and pants down and kicking them away. His cock is free now. Thank fuck for that, things were getting just a little tight down there.
“And I didn’t tell you about the body parts in the fridge.”
“From what I’ve been told,” Mycroft says, “Sherlock’s extra senses will be fully developed soon. Before his first change."
“I know what it is, John,” he snaps, or tries to snap, but the bite is lost to breathlessness. “Do it again.”
John is getting more anxious too. Sherlock puts that down to worry about him — John wants him to be much more accepting of the wolf — and the lingering threat of Mycroft. John smells different to him now, just slightly. Sherlock wonders if he can smell emotions now, if the wolf is picking up John’s anxiousness.
true, but John being on the sofa does not impede his sprawling. Especially not now he’s in wolf form. Sherlock jumps up onto the sofa and sprawls out, stretching his body across the unoccupied length of sofa and resting his chin on John’s thigh.
It works. John switches straight to concerned. “Is it bleeding?”
“Fuck me, John.”
Oh. That’s interesting.
But it isn't.
“No, I won’t be able to talk you through it that way.”
It feels like he wrote that note a million years ago.
There is no room for two large wolves in the lean-to. Sherlock spills out into the yard, followed by John. He can feel that John is more relaxed in this form, not tense like he has been for the past month.
I recently read another fic that had Sherlock playing the same piece, so the author of that fic and I must've gone down the same google search route. Heh.
Harry bites her thumbnail. It’s her nervous habit. “You need to sleep,” she says.
“I’ve broken your words again, have I?” John asks, running a trail of kisses along his forehead and down the side of his face.
“No, you found it. Next time hold onto it.”
where the moon is, but he can’t. He’s Sherlock. He’s not his wolf. But his wolf is him. To do this, he needs to be the wolf.
“Oh for God’s sake, John!” Sherlock suddenly explodes, slamming his now-splinter-free foot to the floor with a bang.
Please try and work on it. We don’t have long.
“I wish I had a camera,” John says from the doorway.
He’s busy at the stove cooking up delicious-smelling things. Sherlock is ravenous, but there’s something much more important to deal with first.
Sherlock eats approximately half the contents of the flat when he wakes up in the early afternoon. He’s astounded that he’s not the size of Mycroft. The process of changing must play around with human energy levels and metabolism. That might be an interesting premise for an experiment.
Mycroft regards him for a moment more, then follows after Lestrade. Now to wait for nightfall.
How can this one simple thing — just a little touch — make him feel so relaxed, so good? Is it the same for everyone else? Would it be the same if it was someone other than John? He thinks not. Part of what makes this good is the fact that this is John.
“Your phone is off,” Mycroft says, calmly (how can he be calm?), “and you ignored the phone boxes.”
“Sherlock,” he groans. “Come. Come for me.”
“Sherlock, food. Eat up while it’s still hot.”
No. Not that. That is territory he does not want to go into right now. Time to change back. Sherlock focuses very hard on what it feels like to be in his human body.
“Mmm. Quite late. About half eleven. I find it’s easier to change when the moon is higher. What do you want to do until then?”
“John,” Sherlock repeats.
“He does now,” John say. “He’s learnt, and I think he took it very well.”
The waltz is over and he only realises because there is applause. He gives his vow to John (and Mary, who he only included because he can’t give it to John only, not at his wedding, not after his speech) and then deduces one more thing than he meant to and scrambles to cover, even as his mind is screaming
John flops onto his back, panting. Sherlock cleans him up with a few tissues, then curls around him. He’s warm, happy, pliable. This is one of Sherlock’s favourite versions of John. He snuggles into him with a smile.
finds it difficult to concentrate on the task at hand. His hips jerk forwards.
“Some bastard came to the flat earlier and put a note under the door.” He reads the note out.
“Some people find it hard,” John says. “Sherlock can cope.”
John sees his expression and grins, then winces as it pulls on his cuts.
“I don’t have any choice, do I?”
“Joooooohn!”
At least there is one advantage, he thinks, watching the muscles in John’s back, arse, and thighs as he moves to the bathroom. He smiles to himself, then smiles some more about how soppy he’s being. The taps are running in the bathroom. A yawn surprises him and he turns his head to look at the clock on the bedside table. 0:17. A new day has come without either of them noticing.
He doesn’t need a doctor; he has self-diagnosed a broken heart and he has self-prescribed cocaine. He doesn’t need his doctor.
“You didn’t get this in Tesco,” Sherlock says. “You must have gone to a different shop while I was in the butcher’s.”
“We believe they incapacitated Sherlock, then loaded him into a vehicle,” Mycroft adds.
John is quiet. He thinks about anything that’s not the idea of getting an erection right now.
“I’d better go,” Lestrade says. He starts to leave but then turns back. “We’ll find him, John.”
“Beautiful,” he whispers.
The confused crease makes way for an imperious eye roll. “I didn’t know you then.”
“I hope Mycroft stops dropping elephant-sized hints that he knows about me now.”
“Bed,” Sherlock states, in human form once again.
Sherlock wags his tail just once. John relaxes into the sofa and rests his left hand between Sherlock’s shoulders, drinking his tea with his other. Sherlock sighs and lets his eyes fall half shut. He isn’t tired, but he can feel that John is.
John silences him with a finger over his lips. “Sherlock. Too many words. Let’s just sleep, yeah? The rest can wait until morning.”
They end up at the beehives. John huffs at him. He’s amused. Oh! Sherlock came up here in his human form. He understands now. He was following his own trail. He sniffs around the beehives enough to satisfy his curiosity, then they’re off again.
“I suppose I can manage it.”
It takes him several seconds to decipher the question. “Tiring,” he eventually answers. His eyelids are drooping.
“I love you,” John tells Sherlock again.
John has his book open but he’s watching Sherlock. “I do,” he agrees.
“We didn’t finish well there, but it was good to start with, wasn’t it?”
“We dealt with that. I know Sherlock can deal with this, but he can’t if you keep sticking your nose in.”
He often looks smug after making Sherlock come. Sherlock thinks smug John is beautiful and dominant and sexy as hell.
Or, for three long, agonising hours, Sherlock believes he is dead.
Time ticks by until half eleven. He lights a fire because Sherlock enjoys them, and he hopes that he can find a little comfort in it. Sherlock continues to read the journals, but increasingly stares at his violin. If this episode makes it into music, how will it sound?
They go out to confront the criminals together, and things are so much better as a fully communicating team. Sherlock knows now why he and John have always been a good team, and he wonders how he could have missed the fact that John understood Nyx but wasn’t letting on. Still, they are outnumbered, even with a wolf dog and a gun, and he comes home victorious but battered and bruised. John helps him up to the flat and Nyx follows behind, limping from an injury that’s not on her body. Sherlock’s cuts and scrapes are cleaned up, ice is placed on his bruises, and John puts him into bed. Nyx ungracefully hops up beside him.
John dashes away and Sherlock gives chase. His legs are slightly longer and he catches up easily, tackles John to the ground, fends off his defences. This time Sherlock wins. The next two times John comes out on top. They run and chase and fight some more, and soon John backs off. Time to go home.
He expects a little explanation from John, but all he says is, “Yeah. A wolf.”
It’s the middle of the night, and their suspect is leading them at a flat-out run down winding back lanes and shadowy alleys, so John doesn’t see the pile of ripped clothes until he’s practically tripping over them.
“You already started that in the park,” John says, fetching what he needs to clean the cuts.
Dinner is a quiet affair. Sherlock doesn’t want to eat. He’s hardly hungry; there’s a sort of lead ball taking up all the room in his stomach. He manages about half, because John insists he needs the energy, then pushes the rest around his plate. After, John clears and scrubs the dishes, stacking them in a neat pile beside the sink, making sure everything is tidy and ready for their gigantic breakfast tomorrow. Sherlock wonders how he can be so methodical, so calm; he wishes he had something to busy himself with. He alternates between pacing and standing at the window, staring up at the moon.
Sherlock enters the bedroom, hair damp and towel-ruffled, and looks at John,
John wakes, human now, when the sun is beginning to rise. His head is still resting on Sherlock’s shoulder, and now he has a hand atop Sherlock’s ribs. Sherlock’s fingers are still twined in his hair. He’s surprised that he didn’t wake Sherlock with his change. Or maybe he did. In any case, Sherlock is sleeping now. He watches his chest gently rise and fall. He’s very comfortable, and he wants to sleep more, but he’s also very hungry. Stretching out, he remembers that he’s naked. Naked and cuddled up to Sherlock — his wolf clearly didn’t think this through. Sherlock’s arm tightens around him to keep him close. He makes a soft, sleepy noise. John smiles.
“C’mon, love. Sleep time.”
“Go on, ask,” says John.
for Sherlock. His head swims with it, his stomach flips, and then before he can stop himself his lips are on Sherlock’s and he’s holding hard onto Sherlock’s arms. Sherlock’s small noise of surprise is muffled between them. He leans in slightly just as John pulls away. They stare at each other for a few seconds.
“Us… Things… changing. And not in a good way.”
Sherlock’s cock twitches in John’s grasp. “Soon,” he pants. “You should make that soon.”
“I can see you’re doing all you can,” he says, staring into his mug. “I’m sorry if I overreacted. I’m just worried about him.”
It’s too early to be awake. The sun is beginning to rise, a sliver of it just peeking out over the horizon. They haven’t come anywhere close to sleeping off their change, but Sherlock finds that he doesn’t care how early it is; he wants John inside him now.
“No. I have a violin piece to work on.”
For a moment John gets lost in his eyes, which are similar to his puppy dog eyes, but in an innocent, non-manipulative way capable of making John's heart melt. But he snaps out of it for Sherlock's sake, who is looking more and more uncomfortable the longer John leaves him in this state of nerves. He raises his hands to cup Sherlock's face.
At 221B, back in human form, he snacks on a huge pile of toast while searching online for anything like suspicious activity around the depot. A knock at the door drags him away from his hunt. He glances at the time. Just after six a.m. Hours have gone by without him even noticing. He gets up and opens the door to find Lestrade.
When he has Sherlock squirming he moves down further, mouthing over tense abdominal muscles. He bypasses Sherlock's cock in favour of licking along a hipbone. Then small, teasing kisses down his thighs, which have fallen open and are quivering. A warm hand over one knee, a playful nip at an ankle, then John reaches Sherlock's feet, lifts one and drops a kiss right where the splinter was, shooting a cheeky look up at Sherlock. Sherlock surprises himself by bursting into a giggle. He almost immediately sobers up, pressing his lips together.
The flannel drips onto the wooden floor and breaks the moment.
“Don’t worry,” Sherlock says. “You wouldn’t be able to persuade me anyway.”
“Can’t he leave us alone?” John asks. “Isn’t it really late?”
Sherlock remembers that he should breathe and sucks in a great lungful of air. “Lips,” he gasps. “You lick your lips a lot. When I’m deducing.”
He’s here to think, but under the weight of his new revelation, John spends the next day steadfastly avoiding thinking about anything to do with Sherlock at all. This proves tricky, because every part of him misses being home at Baker Street, misses being with Sherlock. He thinks about how he wants to go home and just hold Sherlock in his arms.
“Shuffle down a bit.”
John slides off his cock with a
“Dr. Watson. I’m glad you decided to join me.”
John grins his little grin to himself that Sherlock knows means he can’t believe his luck. Sherlock can’t believe his luck either. He stretches out, lying down again. John moves over, kneels over him, gently cleans him off. He closes his eyes. The flannel is warm and pleasant on his skin, and made even better when it’s followed by John’s mouth trailing after it. He can’t seem to keep the ridiculous, soppy smile off his face.
“Go and shower, John.”
He gets only milliseconds of warning, a rustle of clothing and a whistle in the air that have only just registered when the whip cracks open the skin of his back. He cries out. Before he tried to keep in his noise, not giving them the pleasure of his pain. Now he shouts and screams and sobs and he doesn’t care. The second blow brings with it a rush of air, carrying the lingering smell of cigarettes. The air settles on his tongue as he gasps in oxygen, the taste of nicotine lighting up his brain and mixing confusingly with the red heat across his back. On the third blow he hears the distant, muffled chime of a church bell under his groan. He counts.
“Activate these and add their numbers to each other,” he says.
“Scrambled,” Sherlock replies, then goes to shower.
His phone pings with a text. For a mad second he thinks it might be Sherlock, but it’s just Mycroft, telling him that his team is working on tracing the second vehicle. John sits back with a huff. All the leads are out of his hands and there’s nothing more he can do.
“Do you think we don’t know what we’re doing, Mycroft?” John asks. “That Sherlock needs doctors and psychologists to hold his hand?”
John sips his tea. “To make me persuade you to go to that stupid centre.”
Behind them Mycroft’s men are dealing with the wounded men. John takes Sherlock’s gag off.
“Mnh.” Sherlock pulls away from sucking a mark high up on John's collarbone. They’re both lazily rocking against each other, against whatever bit of flesh they can easily reach.
“Not now, Mycroft. This is the last thing I need,” John says, continuing to walk along.
“We can’t go to sleep here. Get up. Let’s get ready for bed.”
Sherlock’s eyes remain closed. He is warm and safe and satisfied and loved. “Goodnight, John.”
And so Sherlock basks in the joy of his orgasm and John’s fingers running trails through his hair. His mind is only a quiet fuzz. He could happily stay like this forever, holding John close.
Back at his laptop, with his dry cereal, he checks out the contents of the USB. Video files. He clicks on one at random, and a grainy CCTV video opens up. John recognises the location as the entrance of the small street leading to the depot. The timestamps on the videos range from around three days before Sherlock’s kidnapping to the whole of last night. Hours and hours of footage, which will take forever to run through, but that’s probably his best chance at the moment to help Sherlock. He decides to start at last night, and sets the footage to play in double time.
He turns back to Sherlock with his mug of tea and his painkillers.
hannahrrrr.tumblr.com
The car idles along next to him.
“I won’t,” Sherlock says. “I have you and you know what you’re doing.”
“I’m counting on it.” Sherlock is trying to maintain their banter, but it’s a poor effort when it’s that breathless.
The wind is starting to howl along the coast when John gets back to the cottage. He puts the candles on the kitchen table and watches the trees on top of the hill swaying. Sherlock comes into the kitchen, violin in hand, and snags an apple from their small collection of fruit.
Sherlock is playing on muscle memory alone. He’s barely concentrating on the music, he’s sure he’s making millions of mistakes, but how is he meant to concentrate when he’s watching John waltz Mary around the dance floor? If wishes could come true, a hole would open up and swallow him and take him away from this wedding that he never wanted to attend but did because it’s
“A nightmare?”
“Where’s John?”
“Sherlock hasn’t been a baby for a long time, Mycroft,” John says.
John races back down the hill and past the cottage. Sherlock follows, but has to stop to sniff at the car, which smells of sweet, sharp petrol, and mud from faraway places. John waits, watching. Inspection complete, Sherlock follows him to the edge of the cliff, to the stairs. They go down, John graceful, Sherlock clambering awkwardly. Steps are new. John strides out onto the beach. Sherlock steps out after him.
They gradually come down from their high, John's hips still working slightly. Sherlock's inner muscles flutter against his cock, drawing quiet moans from both of them. John stills and looks down at his new lover.
Sherlock reaches the main road and freezes, turns, and flees back into the darkness of the alley.
Sherlock wraps his arm around John again, running his fingers over his chest as he starts thrusting slowly between his thighs. John arches into his touch, his hand squeezing Sherlock’s thigh when Sherlock brushes a finger over a nipple. Sherlock runs curious fingers along the edges of John’s scar. This friction, this wet slide on his cock feels incredible, he feels like he could lose himself in the sensations, so much stronger than when he’s touching himself. His cock rubs against John’s balls with each thrust.
Mycroft offers a few more directions. “Remember that we might lose him. They’ve been rather good at avoiding CCTV thus far.”
They reach the suburbs eventually, and wander through a winding maze of streets. The second they find one which is completely silent, John is off, racing down it at full speed. He chases after. They continue until they hear a car and have to dash behind some wheelie bins. This is how it goes for another hour. It’s not quite as satisfying as running in the park is, and that’s not as satisfying as Sussex was. Here, they’re limited.
“What’s that?”
If my mind is corrupted I’m holding you fully responsible. SH
John looks over and laughs. Laughing makes him paradoxically less idiotic.
“Are you alright?” John asks.
“Mostly normal,” John replies. “Your definition of normal is going to have to change. You’re taking this remarkably well.”
Next chapter: Sherlock's first real change!
“Business man. Not his usual area of London. See how he’s keeping one hand carefully over his pocket? Something there he wants to keep safe. Cash or drugs, depends whether he’s on his way to or from his dealer.”
“Your note suggests you argued.”
“You’re bleeding.” Sherlock gets up to shepherd John to the bathroom. John doesn’t resist.
“When can I change?” John changed early.
Slowly, he moves away from the light and towards the wall on the opposite side. All his senses are on full alert. He’s sure that his footsteps must be audible, that his breathing must be loud and echoing, but no one moves until he’s three quarters of the way across the room. Then the man with the newspaper speaks up.
Lestrade grimaces as if he knows the news he’s brought isn’t good enough. It hardly even constitutes news.
Already? Time has flown. They’ve been out longer than two hours, this time. Carefully, they make their way back to 221’s back alley, silent and unspotted. They squeeze into the hardly-a-shed and change back.
“I know, it hurts,” John says softly, trying hard not to appear a threat.
“I thought I was hiding it well. When have you ever read me wrong?” He stretches up and kisses Sherlock's lips softly.
“I’m fine, Sherlock, really,” John tries to protest.
“Yes,” he says, and raises his violin and bow.
“You told me you’d stay with me the whole time, before I blacked out,” he says.
. Guns blazing it is.
“No, no. It’s fine. It just needs cleaning and redressing.”
“I thought you enjoyed last night.”
“I don’t get to watch any of them up close. It’s beautiful.”
He walks for a good five minutes, ignoring the car and attracting stares, until a man approaches him and offers to help him into the car. John shrugs him off and gets in the car, making sure to slam the door hard behind him. Mycroft is sitting opposite him, looking as smarmy as ever, in a three-piece pinstripe suit.
.  The problem is that sunset is relatively early at this time of year, so even though it’s been dark for a while, the streets are still busy. He forces himself to wait two more hours, then goes down to the shed behind 221.
“Sherlock,” he says. His voice cracks.
“That wolf is still trying to get into my mind palace. My head is going to fall apart,” Sherlock replies.
When he returns, Sherlock eyes him suspiciously. “What are you doing?” he asks.
“You may have moaned it a few times,” he breathes. John’s praise in bed (or in the shower) is everything he needs. He craves it.
Sherlock is rushing about, examining the square white hives. His childish enthusiasm is intoxicating. John grins.
). The injuries slash across one another (
Sherlock’s wolf is, in fact, very interested in the possibility of red meat, but more than that, it’s sick of inactivity.
John laughs again. “Quit it, Sherlock. You’re not a lap dog.”
He knows that, of course. He wonders if John is actually trying to warn himself, but more figuratively speaking.
Sherlock wobbles closer again, apparently still perplexed by being on four legs, and butts his warm muzzle against John’s hand.
He looks up at John. He wants to thank him, but words won’t adequately express what he means. His eyes slide to his violin in its case. He’ll write another piece just for John, just for the two of them.
He doesn’t hold back, letting the moans escape his throat with every thrust. John’s rhythm falters, then steadies, faster now as they both near orgasm. He is aching for John to touch his dick, so close just from the friction and force of John’s cock inside of him. John keeps him burning at just the right temperature, knowing exactly how long to draw out his pleasure.
John is bustling about in the kitchen. Sherlock goes to watch him. He needs something to concentrate on. John is preparing food. He reorganises the fridge, making sure that things like bacon and eggs are easy to access (for him. For Sherlock easy to access would be one shelf higher). He takes out milk, flour, opens every cupboard in the kitchen until he finds what he’s looking for: a large mixing bowl. He mixes ingredients as Sherlock watches.
“Sherlock? Sherlock. You’re brooding.”
“I agree,” he says.
Sherlock immediately tenses again. “I can’t.”
“Constantly,” John murmurs.
This is it. The moment when they’ve found the angle that’s working
“I know,” John replies. It’s no secret that Sherlock’s scalp is sensitive.
Ugh, hideous. Mycroft is sitting in John’s chair. Where is John? Sherlock needs to talk to him. John knows what’s going to happen to him. John promised he wouldn’t leave. Now Sherlock is, he’s— he’s— He needs John. He can’t process this alone. Mycroft’s presence is painful. He wants nothing more than to turn his back on his brother, but that would mean lying on his injured side.
“Good deduction is an art form.”
“Alright,” he says eventually. “I understand.”
“You’re covered,” he says, his one eye focused on John's neck and chest.
“Pancakes. For tomorrow.” John finishes the batter and puts the mixing bowl in the fridge.
“You wolf won’t mind. And when we change back we’ll be here and warm and dry.”
“But they’re still important to me. Why should I have to sit through and suffer my wolf being an idiot because intelligence isn’t important to it?”
“I believe it’s something that should be considered,” Mycroft says calmly.
makes him even louder again.
John looks instantly suspicious. “Does it involve body parts?”
“Slow down all your human thoughts. Don’t pull that face at me, Sherlock Holmes, just try. Your wolf will be desperate to change, so it won’t be hard to find it.”
John swallows his mouthful and smiles. “Good. You got there a lot quicker than me.”
Then things tighten up. Here is a version of himself with complete control over his music. It’s sharp, no frills, not leaving space for any sort of emotion. The control lessens gradually, moment by moment, as they go back to London. But there’s an underlying sadness in the music now. It’s what he wanted, but thought he couldn’t have. There’s a spike of violence, the sadness increases, then the music becomes claustrophobic, dangerous. This is when he was kidnapped. The energy increases, the tempo increases: John to the rescue. Then the music soars, all trace of sadness gone. John kissing him. The soaring music gradually settles, diminuendo, morphs back into the cottage theme and ends. This is where they are now.
“Mmm…”
“God, you’re fucking adorable,” John says and ruffles Sherlock’s curls. As he leaves the bedroom for the bathroom he hears Sherlock whine in sleepy protest.
“Better?” John asks.
Here is the longest chapter of the whole fic. Time to resolve that stressy cliffhanger with some more stress.
“John,” he repeats. He needs that anchor, he can feel himself about to float away again. John will know what to do. John is more versed in matters of the heart.
"John. It's not that this isn't very nice, this is very nice, but it's not... I don't..."
Midnight is already a long time after the mid-afternoon chase, but he decides to wait a little longer. It’s not worth getting caught. Besides, his wolf and his body are more than happy to rest up after the earlier exertion.
Their delivery driver comes and Sherlock goes downstairs to fetch it, simply to get a closer look at him, and comes upstairs telling John about his three, possibly four, cats and his ageing mother. John eats and Sherlock eats his dumplings and then John’s too. Sherlock is in the calmest and happiest mood he has been in since his attack, John thinks. It’s nice to see. He’s obviously decided to put everything aside for this evening and his head seems not to be bothering him as much.
Don’t forget to eat something. Have a good day.
Sherlock leaps up, criminal underworld forgotten for now.
We're about midway now! The next few chapters are nice and long.
John leans over and kisses his forehead. For probably the millionth time since they first kissed, John is blown away by how much love he feels for Sherlock. He once thought that he loved a girl at uni, but that was a pathetic crush compared to this. This is overwhelming.
“It doesn’t have to take over completely,” John says. “Does your mind palace have a garden? You could build it a kennel.”
You can always hit me up at hannahrrrr.tumblr.com :)
Sherlock. A coppery tang. A drop of his blood. Next to it, someone else’s blood. Probably an attacker: file away the scent. A trail of something dark, deep and sweet leading away from the site of Sherlock’s struggle. Oil. Motor oil. Their vehicle had been leaking. This is perfect.
He can’t find any other words. His heart is aching. John surrenders to his attentions, lets himself be held and kissed and comforted. Eventually the remaining tension in his body leaches away, and the pain in his eyes clears.
Sherlock slips off his shoes and socks the moment they’re down there, claiming that he hates sand in his shoes. Then he rolls up his trousers a few turns and strides off with purpose towards one side of the cove. John follows after him, far too used to sand in his shoes to care about it.
He sits down on John’s bed and pats the mattress. He’s helpless in the face of John’s anger. His wolf feels it too, and is pacing, agitated.
The bed is warm. Sherlock smells of his posh shampoo. But he’s still holding himself a little tense. John slips his hand under Sherlock’s top and draws gentle patterns on his waist. Sherlock sighs again, relaxing under John’s ministrations. He’s so responsive. John can’t wait until tomorrow morning.
His mind flicks back to their warm, comfortable night last night. Cuddling. Although that word sounds strange in association with Sherlock. Embracing? No. Cuddling it is. He wonders if there’ll be a repeat. They do seem to keep ending up in bed together. That didn’t come out how he meant it.
“We’ll be going out tonight,” Sherlock replies. Of course, he doesn’t sound too keen on the idea.
It gets harder to remember then. There was a gunshot, but he can’t remember Thomas Finchley going down. Had he been shot himself? He remembers pounding down the alleyway, yellow eyes shining suddenly out of the darkness, but that can’t be right, because no human being has eyes that shade. He remembers pain. Confusion. John, looking panicked.
“Mmm, storm. Trapped outside, lost.” Why is it so difficult to form sentences? “Only little. Couldn’t get back home. Myc found me.”
“I’m sorry, you are human.” He busies himself preparing Sherlock’s toothbrush and hands it to him.
“Yes, it’s here. Partly. It’s still a work in progress.”
“All night, by the looks of it. Have you slept?”
“You too,” John prompts, and Sherlock wriggles out of the trousers and pants which are already halfway down his thighs.
“John, sit down.” He guides John to his chair, to be sure he actually will sit down. “I will make the tea.”
“No, we can’t. It— I’m not looking for— it was just instinct. Our wolves fucking with us. We can’t.”
“So I have to be okay with it. I don’t get to be anything but okay.”
This time John’s fist does clench. Mycroft knows exactly what boundaries he’s pushing.
Sherlock sits up and looks at John. He sees a flash of him wet and naked and wanting. He contemplates saying something. But maybe this will resolve itself naturally. He can’t imagine them apart. That won’t happen.
“I didn’t think so,” John sighs. “Pub then?”
“My injury wasn’t easy to heal. It was jostled too much when I was moved, and the surgeon cared more about efficiency than neatness. I understand, of course, but— Well. It got infected. I was weak, and out of it. I didn’t know what was happening to me. I hurt all over. I had this pounding headache that the painkillers wouldn’t touch. I felt foggy. My mind felt wrong. I thought it was the pain and the infection, and all the drugs I was on. My shoulder was burning, my mind was burning. Everyone was so busy that they didn’t think about the circumstances of my attack, or how long it had been.
“I have Sherlock here. I have a gun against his head,” a voice comes to him through the darkness.
His hair is tugged sharply, a better warning than he usually gets (none, more often than not), but much more painful. He’s always had a sensitive scalp and sometimes when his high is wearing off he spends slow hours thinking about what it would feel like if someone softly stroked their fingers through his hair. It would be nice, he thinks, but not nice enough to bother with a relationship. No one night stand would ever do that for him. Instead, he gets his hair ripped out of its sensitive follicles. The next second he feels the come sluice down his throat and settle hot like a brand in his belly. It’s part of him now. He wants to vomit.
“Stop.”
Sherlock whines again and stumbles closer to John. The bite on his side is bleeding into his fur.
Sherlock is silent. John hopes his point has got through.
John just stares blankly at him.
“I hope so,” Sherlock groans.
get interesting.
John forces himself not to clench his fist. Mycroft is a fucking nosey busybody. At least now he knows where he stands.
John doesn’t need this. “Sherlock’s been kidnapped. I came to get my things.”
“I’m not very hungry.”
“Yeah.” He steps inside and starts packing a few things in his bag.
“It was
They play and run and hunt for hours and hours. The moon is setting. John leads the way back to the cottage. He is tired now, anyway. John stands up on his back legs and pushes the door open. Sherlock trots in after him. Enclosed again. Back to the human world. John changes to a human again. He smells different like this. Interesting.
“Good morning— afternoon,” he says.
Mostly nothing happens, the shots static, the only indicator that time is passing the timestamp in the corner. One or two cars pass, but John doesn’t deem them important. Sherlock was at the depot before last night.
Sherlock rolls onto his other side. “Are you embarrassed?” he asks.
“You won’t have that this time,” John says. “Your body has got used to your wolf. You’ll instinctively know what to do in wolf form. What else?”
“Aren’t you changing back?” Sherlock asks.
His mobile is still switched off.
John is quiet, as if he knows exactly what’s going on in Sherlock’s head and is perfectly happy to await the conclusion.
“Sorry, honey,” he says. “We both need more sleep.”
“Practice,” John replies. “Much more patience than you have.”
“Feels good,” he says.
He spares a strangely clear thought for his hands, manacled above him, feeling so far away, no longer part of him. Are they clenching? Can they still move? (
“I’m going for a lie down,” he says. “I’m tired.”
He rolls onto his side, back to the door, and wraps his hand fully around his thickening cock. He strokes, keeping the pace leisurely, not like he normally does. And unlike he normally does, he allows himself to think of John. Finishing what they started in the shower. Rutting against each other until they come. John dropping to his knees and sucking on Sherlock’s cock like he did his finger.
“Yeah, I know,” John says. “But loving you is not improbable.”
“I don’t know,” he says to John. “It’s not up yet. Do we have to do this?” The novelty is wearing off already.
“The deal’s off,” Sherlock says.
When they get back they need the light on. The sky outside is beginning to dim. Sherlock feels a twinge of something and tries to categorise it. Nerves? Yes, he is nervous, just a touch. Anticipation is practically a given. Curiosity. That one’s not hard to identify. Curiosity is his standard state of being. A passing need to just do
They haven’t done that yet. Sherlock has been curious, but so unused to any sort of sexual relationship. John has been wonderful, going at Sherlock’s pace, teaching and guiding. It’s actually been fun. Sherlock didn’t know sex could be fun. And gradually, he’s adjusted to this idea, to John inside him. His wolf side wants it too, the ultimate closeness to his packmate.
“John.”
“Yes, good.”
“Yeah, we are.”
John smiles. “The wolf is you. It doesn’t go to sleep unless you go to sleep. It must just be tired of trying to break down that door.”
John yips, tail wagging. That had actually been fun. Stupid, a little reckless, but their kind of fun. They wriggle back under the fence to run off the excitement, roll around play-fighting. They go down to the beach. Ugh, sand stuff. It tickles his paws. Sherlock steps gingerly over it, following John. John wants to play in the water. Sand might be tickly, but he’ll follow his packmate anywhere.
Sherlock wakes to what feels like knife-sharp splinters of ice drilling into his head. The feeling is worse than any headache he’s ever had, and he hasn’t even opened his eyes yet. Then a warm, dry hand squeezes his and the icicles melt just a tiny bit.
“Full English coming right up.”
“‘Obsession’ is unfair,” Clara says. “But you can’t blame her. She didn’t see how Sherlock turned your life around.”
“And he didn’t…?” Lestrade gestures at his own cheek.
“No. I want to try changing back in my sleep, the way you did.”
John grins. “Beeth,” he repeats.
The first time they sleep together in John's bed it feels like it should be a beginning, but it's really an ending.
“Come down in a few minutes then,” John says, and goes downstairs.
It all kicks off in the next chapter, which I'll probably post on Friday or Saturday.
“John?” Sherlock says after a purposeful pause. “Can you check my bite wound?”
“We’re working on identifying the men, but they were hooded, and they knew to avoid the cameras,” Lestrade says.
Regretfully, he pulls away from Sherlock’s beautiful lips, but keeps hold of his hand. The paramedics check them over, efficiently, but not quickly enough. He’s practically bouncing in his seat, eager to get Sherlock home, kiss the gorgeous, ridiculous man until he can’t breathe, and then take him to bed. Finally, they’re pronounced well, excepting bruising, and mild dehydration for Sherlock, and shown to one of Mycroft’s many sleek black cars. The driver already knows where they’re headed.
John laughs ruefully. “No, you don’t need to worry about tetanus.”
My Christmas schedule is looking pretty packed, but if I can post on Friday I will!
“You’re sure? He did try to kidnap you, and he’s very… interfering.”
“Fine.”
“Which is still human, technically,” John says. He pushes Sherlock in front of the sink. “Brush.”
John glances at him. “It’s natural to feel nervous.”
“John! You’re later than I expected. You have to look at the way this was all set up. It’s—”
“Exactly. I was thinking. The cold helps me think sometimes.”
He doesn’t know how they’d do it any differently. “I entrust myself to your expertise, John.”
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6KaYzgofHjc is where you can hear the version of Bach's Partita No. 2 that I listened to on repeat while writing and editing this chapter.
wants to plunge back down on John’s cock, choke himself and suck until he can’t breathe and John comes with a shout down his throat, but he holds himself back. Patience will be worth it, so worth it.
There’s logic behind John’s decision. Both their wolves are anxious this close to the full moon, keen to run, and the long walk to and from town will satisfy them a little.
“Yes, John.”
Suddenly there’s a warm presence around him, lips pressed gently against his.
“I can tell you exactly where it is. And you can tell me.”
like he’s never wanted anyone before. John's tongue traces along and around Sherlock’s finger. Sherlock’s other hand slips to John’s arse and pulls him closer. His cock presses against John’s belly and he groans, eyes fluttering shut. John relinquishes Sherlock’s finger and goes back to his neck, leaves a mark. Sherlock’s legs tremble. He wants, he needs, he wants to make John feel good too. He bends his knees, just enough to line their cocks up, his hands on John’s arse guide them together. John’s hips push once, twice, sliding their cocks against each other. Sherlock groans John’s name.
“Go to sleep,” John says softly.
“It’s been a week since I had a case,” Sherlock replies. “The wolf wants to run.”
Sherlock stares at him incredulously. It’s times like these that John joins the ranks of everyday idiots.
Sherlock pouts. “I asked for minute detail.”
“Good morning,” John says. He can hear the laugh in his voice. He loves cheeky, playful John.
Sometimes he thinks that Clara would make a good therapist. They sit quietly together, drinking tea. It doesn’t feel like Clara wants an explanation from him, which is probably why he starts one.
John busies himself shutting the curtains and fetching painkillers and water. Sherlock can’t take any more yet, but this way they’re close at hand when he can.
“Not too boring?” John asks. Aside from the change, his one biggest concern is that Sherlock will go mad with boredom here.
Sherlock’s counting continues until he reaches twenty-four and passes out once more.
Sherlock gasps, affronted. John dashes out of the bathroom before Sherlock can get him and Sherlock races after him. John has shorter legs, but also a head start and the element of surprise, so he reaches his bedroom and shuts himself safely in before Sherlock reaches him. Sherlock hears him slide down to sit with his back against the door.
As John is coming back from the bathroom, Sherlock shifts and wakes. John’s stomach is rumbling so much that he thinks it might take off.
“We can stop and let you out for a run,” he offers.
Arriving back from a run one evening, Sherlock jumps in the shower to rinse off the sweat and warm his wind-chilled skin. After a few minutes, he hears the bathroom door open and he’s joined by a beautifully naked John. He pulls him into his arms, under the spray.
“Not without you,” Sherlock replies, clearly struggling to keep his eyes open.
“You… you got off after that?”
John wakes early the next morning despite the late night. He slept well; Sherlock’s violin had played through his dreams, soothing him. The flat is silent now. He gets ready for the day, pausing to look into Sherlock’s room. He’s fast asleep, sprawled on his front, hair wild. John smiles, quietly closes Sherlock’s door, and goes out.
“Yes,” John says simply, and kisses him.
John relaxes again. “So. Do you think you can do it?”
“That’s good. That’s a step forwards,” John says.
John pulls away and checks Sherlock’s face again. Sherlock slowly opens his eyes and sees John smiling at what he can see. He smiles back. Everything has changed but really, nothing has changed at all.
“No.”
. And even if he were, Sherlock would be his last choice of partner. He’s a freak. He’s too much. Nobody wants to spend time with him. It’s already a small miracle that John does, so there’s no chance he could put up with something more than friendship. Sherlock will keep his mouth shut to protect the miracle that is John freely associating with him. He won’t scare him off.
John is waiting for him, awake despite the late hour.
“Let you see what? Oh, right.”
“Good,” John says, and stretches up to kiss his forehead.
“I didn’t mean to wake you,” Sherlock says, just audible over the thunder. He didn’t. He doesn’t know what he meant to do.
“I need to… I’m just… going out for some air.”
Fine. Fine.
“I disagree,” he says. “You were in control. I saw you take control to change back. And you’re not giving your wolf enough credit. How many tiny things did you hear last night that you’ve never heard before? How many things did you smell? You tracked your own scent trail.”
“Sorry. I didn’t mean to fall asleep,” he says, wincing, and rubs the back of his neck.
John opens his eyes. Sherlock rocks them together again, drawing a moan from John.
“I won’t change tonight,” he states simply.
“Why?”
“For our voracious appetites?”
“Mycroft, I swear—”
“—is not being discussed today,” John finishes.
“Where did the dog come from, John?”
He thought that would be something that gradually happened, if ever they started a relationship (and they would never). But here he is, in love, properly
“Aren’t you angry with me for deceiving you for so long?”
He plonks a kiss into Sherlock’s eyebrow. Sherlock can feel John’s cock against his hip, hard length, smear of wetness on his skin, gentle thrusts in time with his hand.
Sherlock shrugs. When John had released his hands, he’d shifted so that he was propped up against the pillows. Now he’s looking out the window. The sea is golden with the reflection of the setting sun.
Several minutes pass before the cab pulls up outside 221B. John nudges Sherlock, whose eyes are open but staring unseeingly into the middle distance. It takes four, maybe five long blinks for him to focus his gaze.
than usual.
He glances at Sherlock. His cheeks are slightly pink from sleep. John hopes that he’ll wake feeling refreshed too. John’s own first experience was far from predictable, so he has no way of knowing how Sherlock will react.
The human part of him understands. But he doesn’t want to change back. He’s having so much fun like this. His human body doesn’t have half as much fun. And John is an excellent packmate. And he’s so tired. He could just sleep, right n——
Sherlock doesn’t know why John is laughing at him. He decides to increase his sulk level. Later he’ll make some changes to his mind palace. But not a kennel. A stronger door.
Curiously though, John doesn’t leave. He stays at the side of the bed, shifting from foot to foot, looking anywhere but at Sherlock and Nyx. Nyx picks up on his nervousness, pulling her ears back slightly, a quiet whine escaping from her throat. After tense seconds, John lets out a decisive huff of breath, making both Sherlock and Nyx jump, and then feel incredibly foolish.
“I was not scared.”
“God, you’ll wear a hole in the floor if you keep pacing like that,” John complains the next day.
When both their bodies are desperate for more, Sherlock rolls on top of John and starts working his way down. He nibbles down the column of his neck, licks over a mark he left on John’s collarbone two nights ago. He pays special attention to his nipples, licking, sucking, and rubbing for minutes on end until John’s hips are shifting and his fingers are clenching in the sheets. Sherlock wants to get him worked up, supersensitive. Maybe one day he could make him come just from nipple play. It would be a good bedroom experiment. Now though, he noses down John’s ribs, nips gently at the small layer of fat covering John’s belly that Sherlock adores. John’s erection nudges against his chin. Sherlock ignores it in favour of a few teasing kisses on his hips, but he can’t resist for long. He settles between John’s spread legs, mouth watering.
“Something’s just… off. It doesn’t feel right in here.”
His wolf doesn’t think that’s soon enough. What are they going to do here for two days? They’re in the middle of nowhere.
He attempts to relax, but he needs to be on guard. He
He ends up walking most of the way back home from Harry’s, needing something active to do while he waits around for news. Eventually he gets on the Tube to finish the journey home.
“We’re almost home,” John says, and leans in to kiss him again.
John’s tone implies that there’s still more to be done. Sherlock had expected that. It won’t matter for another month, though. Mycroft stands. Apparently he’s got all the information he wanted. The goodbyes are tense. Sherlock is keen to get rid of him, and John isn’t too fond of Mycroft either. Mycroft himself won’t hang around for a social visit once he’s got what he wants.
He takes his hands away from Sherlock’s. They feel empty now. He wonders why Sherlock didn’t say anything. He stretches out, from his feet all the way up to his hands.
“John, no, don’t leave me!” A pause. “Please?”
“Of course,” Sherlock says. His eyes look tired.
“If you don’t change yourself tonight, your body will change for you. And trust me, that’s just as fucking painful as when you get bitten. Bullet wound included.”
“We only—” John interrupts himself. Lestrade doesn’t know his secret. “He changed recently. Monday night into Tuesday morning was the last change. Sherlock has been fine with it.”
That perks Sherlock up. “And go home?”
. He doesn’t understand how John is staying so calm. Sherlock’s wolf is running circles in his head and it’s driving him insane.
“The wolf didn’t come out of nowhere. It came out of Thomas Finchley. He was the wolf. You thought I wouldn’t have all the necessary data because people like him are rare. Society barely talks about them. Their kind keep to themselves. It’s the kind of useless information I’d delete. But it was buried deep in my mind palace.”
John stumbles into the flat and Sherlock can immediately see that he’s been in a fight. Pub punch up? No, he’s not actually drunk. And his injuries — that Sherlock can see — aren’t consistent with pub fights. No black eyes. A set of parallel scratches running down his neck. His limp is pronounced. No bruises at all. What fight has he been in, if not a pub brawl? Why is his top on inside out? Why is Sherlock’s wolf insistent on telling him something about John’s scent? He’s anxious, in pain. He’s—
Sherlock is pleased. This will be rather useful for cases. They cross the road and enter the park. John is keeping a close eye on Sherlock.
Sherlock moves over too. He makes an aborted attempt to sit in one of the armchairs, then decides to sit on the floor near John’s head. John is comfortable and enjoying the blanket of the fire’s remaining warmth.
He sits, on the edge of his chair, and rests his hands on his knees. That way he can stop himself punching Mycroft.
He raises his violin to his chin and slips into his mind palace to read the music. He’s surprised when three minutes in his wolf stops pacing and comes to lie at his feet. After that it’s easy to sink into the music.
The task is not as simple as it appears. Sherlock almost gets frustrated enough to throw the phones out of the window and into a B-road hedge.
“To what then? You mean danger? Adrenaline?”
“John—” he manages, and then he’s coming, head tipped back and mouth open in a silent cry, legs trembling.
John is patting him down. “Are you okay? Are you hurt?”
Sherlock wakes slowly, feeling warm and safe, something he hasn’t felt at all for the past few days. For a few moments he keeps his eyes closed and basks in it. His wolf, who has been in a state of nervous agitation since he was taken, is sprawled on its back, pleased to be home with its packmate.
However it started, it becomes a habit. Nyx is unhappy with it. It makes my head hurt, she says. It makes me sick. It makes everything sing, in a bad way. No, Sherlock tells her. It’s the rush. Can’t you feel it too?
John cleans Sherlock’s wound, and checks the edges of it, which are starting to scar over. His fingers are gentle on Sherlock’s skin, slightly chilled from outside, slightly warmed from his mug of tea. Sherlock doesn’t like doctors touching him, doesn’t like them in general. But John is different. His touch is soothing, and Sherlock can see it soothes John as well, which makes it even better.
“I want to go to bed,” John says, despite the fact it’s only three in the afternoon.
“Am I helping?” he asks.
“All I’m saying is you’ll have to learn to keep the two together, but separate. If you need a kennel to do that, then so be it.”
that that’s the point — the crawling anticipation of it, like a good thriller — and yet his stomach still flips and clenches on emptiness and his brain fogs into fear. His breath is shaky and deafening in his ears, battling against his pulse, and he sees it puffing out on the air before him.
Can he do that if Sherlock doesn’t love him back? Can he put himself through that?
John feels his heart plunge solidly into his gut. “What?”
He doesn’t want to take this out on John. He’s doing his best. “It’s not a science,” he says. “I understand.”
So… John is okay with him following his instincts in wolf form, but not in human form.
Before he became Mycroft, all grown up. Myc was quite different to Mycroft.
“Thanks, Greg.”
He carries the teas through to the living room and avoids all eye contact. Lestrade is in questioning mode, and Mycroft is far too perceptive. He doesn’t need to talk about these things with them.
The scents here are thick: piss, greasy food, alcohol. Sherlock’s human scent is less strong. He sniffs carefully, tries to find any evidence of him. There!
John shushes him. “Just eat your pancakes.”
He steps out into the cold night and pops the collar on his coat to keep in the phantom heat of John’s hand on the back of his neck. He begins to calculate the chances that that was the last time he will see John, and then stops himself when they get worryingly high. Faced with the bleak emptiness of a future without John, he turns to the one thing that has always filled that emptiness, smoothed over his jagged emotions, stilled the rushing world. He has plenty of contacts still, a natural by-product of close association with his homeless network.
God, he’ll never get bored of this. Sherlock kisses him with so much need. His arm wraps around John to pull him closer, his hand roams over John’s chest, almost hesitantly, as if he’s not sure where he’s allowed to touch. John rests a hand on Sherlock’s knee and slowly slides it up his thigh. Sherlock’s muscles tense under his hand and he makes a quiet noise into John’s mouth. He is just licking along Sherlock’s beautiful, full lower lip when the car draws to a stop.
“I got my first Bunsen burner at eight, but creating fire by hand with wood and paper always seemed more appealing than opening a tap.”
Finally he reaches the spot where Sherlock was taken. He wants to sniff around out on the street, to trace the attackers’ scents to their point of origin, but it’s too busy. Quickly he slips into the alley and gives his wolf a little more control.
Sherlock didn’t think John could surprise him anymore, but he manages to yet again when, instead of heading for the stairs, he turns and limps his way to Sherlock’s room. Sherlock follows after him, a little bewildered, feeling like he’s missed something important.
“God,” he says. “You’re going to be the death of me.”
him, if he’s alright, to just look at him and reassure him. He can’t lose him, not now. His wolf whines. What the fuck can he say?
John gets up. He doesn’t have his gun with him. He hopes he won’t be needing it. No sign of Sherlock downstairs. He would’ve heard if he’d come upstairs.
Mycroft has a way of looking at people that makes it seem like he knows ten times what he’s letting on.
He works in a third finger. Sherlock is too far gone now to complain about John taking his time, his eyes fluttering and his hips working.
He moves away to make his tea. John stays standing at the door for a few more seconds before he retreats into the cottage, pulling the door shut behind him.
Newspaper man — Ste — groans. John hears Sherlock whimper. He sounds muffled, gagged. Tom? Who’s Tom? Who has he killed called—
Mycroft looks doubtful.
Sherlock is pleased at his own ability to communicate despite being in wolf form. He follows John to the kitchen and waits as he rinses the handle of his mug and makes tea. That done, he heads to his armchair, but Sherlock huffs at him and nudges him towards the sofa.
“Mm, you know,” John says, after a particularly sharp bite to Sherlock's collarbone which makes him rather vocal, “I’d carry you to your room because I think you’d enjoy that, but my back isn’t what it used to be.”
“No.”
The case is long — days long — and the taxi home is warm after the chilly London night air. Sherlock hasn’t spoken since reeling off his deductions and wrapping up the case. John watches as Sherlock’s blinks get slower and slower, lulled by the motion of the car.
But John is pleasantly surprised when he gets back from the shop to see that Sherlock is still on the sofa — until he realises that Sherlock is curled in the foetal position, with his arms bracketing his head and squeezing like they’re keeping his skull from splitting open.
How funny that their usual positions are reversed. John pulls off his top. His hands are fine — knuckles not bruised or scraped. But then that’s because his fists had been paws.
The beehives proved an admirable distraction. Sherlock has samples in his bag, waiting to be taken back up to London for analysis. He wants to discover who kept the hives before, how long ago, which flowers the bees produced the honey from.
John is dusting the mantelpiece. Sherlock doesn’t know why he bothers. Mrs. Hudson will do it if they don’t. Carefully John dusts around the small glass of ashes he put there as some sort of memento. John had been pleased to come downstairs the morning after Mycroft’s proposal to find the folder burned, but Sherlock hadn’t thought he’d actually keep the ashes.
“Well,” is all John replies.
John has his mixed expression of concerned-doctor-concerned-friend on.
John sighs happily and suddenly Sherlock needs to fix the things that are wrong here. He needs to tell John. He needs to say.
Sherlock’s ears twitch, turn. He looks at John. He heard it too. Together, they creep up to the top of the hill in search of the source. Stumbling footsteps, several sets of them, human. Sherlock and John crouch in the darkness under the trees. The humans are on the coast path, on the other side of the fence. Not their territory. The people get closer. They can hear their voices now, calling, laughing. The wind changes, bringing the scent of cheap alcohol. Teenagers. John huffs in amusement and looks at Sherlock, eyes glittering.
,” John gasps. “Get up here, right now, this second.”
“Where were you all night? You just disappeared!”
But he thinks John's already asleep.
John takes off his pants, and Sherlock very carefully doesn’t look at him as he takes off his own. John turns off the main light, leaving just the lamps on. Of course, not looking doesn’t mean that Sherlock doesn’t see. He knows now where John was bitten. His scar is on the outside of his right thigh, high up, just below his hip. It’s not as obvious as Sherlock’s will be — teeth can pierce silk shirts more easily than heavy army uniform fabric. It explains a few things, though. The psychosomatic limp makes a lot more sense. Sherlock was an idiot not to have deduced it before.
John sits down and studies Sherlock’s face.
“I’ve been giving you mixed messages,” he says. “I’m sorry, I’m not normally that much of a dick.”
What a frustrating way to go about answering the question.
John continues. “I enjoyed last night. That was probably the most fun change I’ve had since I was first bitten. It really makes a difference having a friend with you.”
There’s another flash and rumble before Sherlock replies.
“I didn’t think it was that bad,” he replies.
John finally snaps out of it. “I’m sorry. But I’m still going to have it out with your brother. What he tried to do was not right at all.”
“Your definition of almost is very different to mine,” John says.
“No. Sussex.”
“I was too hungry to stay in bed. Want some?” He doesn’t wait for an answer; he knows Sherlock will be hungry.
Sherlock's eyes are closed, and he has that little pinch of concentration around them. His mouth is hanging open and gasping for breath, his cheeks are flushed a beautiful shade of pink which is spreading down his neck and chest.
“My team noticed a change in your routine last night, or today, to be more accurate. I’m merely following it up.”
“When’s the next full moon? Did you find out? Is it soon?”
He starts and looks over, but John isn’t looking at the sunrise, he’s looking at Sherlock. He looks down at himself. Naked, come drying up his stomach and chest, hair undoubtedly a mess, pale skin tinted gold and staring out to sea. He thinks he would like to see John in this position. He’d keep the image in his mind palace forever.
In Afghanistan, he says slowly, there was a local man, who had a hawk. I can’t describe the connection because I’ve never seen anything like it before or after, until you and Nyx. But I don’t know why I can understand her.
Sherlock distances himself from the other boys. His common room is on the first floor, manageable but not pleasant. He spends all his free time outside with Nyx, walking away from the school to the farthest edge of the grounds, where they won’t be seen running and play-fighting together, enjoying the time when the bond between them isn’t being constantly stretched and tested. He knows the form Nyx has settled in would frighten the other boys. He can’t tell exactly what she is but she’s some sort of wolf dog, with black shaggy fur and orange eyes. She looks fearsome. Only Sherlock gets to see her rolling on her back, wagging her tail, tongue lolling out. But those times are getting fewer.
He makes a frustrated noise and then takes a deep breath to try again.
Behind him he hears shuffling and a yawn. The kettle is clicked on again.
It seems like mere seconds pass, then they’re both in the shower, squeezing together to get as much hot water as possible. John reaches up past Sherlock to adjust the shower head and Sherlock thinks he feels something in both of them snap.
“He doesn’t need specialists. He has me.”
Oh, Christ. Thomas Finchley. The Were who turned Sherlock. Who John shot straight between the eyes without hesitation. This is his
John swears softly but colourfully. It’s a skill he picked up in the army. Sherlock likes it more than he’d ever admit.
“I’m going out. There are leftovers in the fridge. Please remember to eat something. Don’t bother waiting up for me.”
John spreads the lube between his thighs, lifts a leg slightly, reaches back to urge Sherlock’s hips forwards. He closes his thighs around Sherlock’s cock. Sherlock gasps, shifts his hips a bit, moans.
John snorts. “You sound like your brother with that voice.”
When he emerges, freshly washed and dressed, breakfast is ready. John is calm as they eat, quietly confident about whatever’s ahead. When they’ve finished, John tells him to pack a suitcase for one week, possibly two.
“I’m going for a shower,” he says, heading for the door. Evasion.
They pack the sandwiches in a bag and take the path that leads down to the cove. The sand is rough and grainy.
“Be quiet,” Sherlock says.
“Just two hours?”
“I told you they get more anxious near the full moon. Only a few days to go now.”
John pulls a Chinese takeaway menu from a drawer in the kitchen. He knows that Sherlock can’t resist their dumplings.
“We ran away to a cottage in the middle of nowhere because I was bitten and my brother is overbearing,” Sherlock says. “We don’t do things that people do.”
“Yes. I thought about you and I ‘got off’.”
“Ugh, why all this resting?” Sherlock pulls his shirt back on.
Why didn’t he see before? John’s knowledge about Weres. From uni and Afghanistan, yes, but that was only a half truth. He’d known what to do when Sherlock was bitten. He’d known when the next full moon would be. He’d hesitated over saying that he’d looked it up. He’d laughed at Sherlock when he’d said people should notice if their friends were Weres. John had argued with Mycroft. Mycroft had implied…
“Hello?”
Sherlock is engrossed in analysing the criminal underworld ties of their last case when John comes up the stairs.
John flops into his armchair. Time to work on those acting skills Sherlock tries endlessly to teach him.
“John.” His voice is hoarse, scratchy with disuse.
Sherlock’s deep voice vibrates through his own chest.
John leans down. “I’ve got you,” he murmurs into Sherlock's neck.
He had lunch and an apple earlier, so John doesn’t expect he’ll eat much. He’ll be shocked after his change when his body demands that he consume mountainous quantities of food.
“Wh–”
The moment sits between them, heavy, buzzing with possibility, but comfortable. Then Sherlock wriggles his hips with a cheeky, infectious grin that John has never seen before and the moment dissolves.
That’s exactly what Sherlock is afraid of.
“Don’t stop.”
John moves to stand next to him where he is crouching beside one of the bodies. “Sherlock?”
Sherlock rumbles a soft hum. He sounds like a content cat. Funny to think that he’s part-wolf now. John wouldn’t have ever imagined it happening to Sherlock.
“I’m sorry,” John says. Sherlock appreciates that he doesn’t start making excuses. “Tell me what you’ve realised and I’ll fill in the gaps,” he continues.
John ignores him. “I’ll go and see him first thing in the morning and let him know exactly what we think of him and his specialist fucking centre.”
“John.” He nuzzles along John’s jawline, breathes in his scent, nips at his chin. “Wake up.”
“You can’t live with a headache forever. Not with a brain like yours.”
“I’m not scared of storms.”
“Good morning indeed,” he replies, voice coming out deeper than usual.
“Shh, it’s okay. This is normal. Stay calm.”
Sherlock gets up and rifles through his sheet music. John has never said, but Sherlock knows what he likes for every mood. This requires some Bach.
“I’m going to unpack,” he says, already disappearing upstairs. “Order in for dinner.”
“John. The danger’s over. Sit down with me.”
“Get up here immediately.”
John works his fingers gently through Sherlock’s hair, stroking and soothing. He keeps it up until he feels Sherlock relax minutely, at least ten minutes later. The only sounds in the room are the soft ticking of the clock and their breathing mixing — John’s steady, and Sherlock’s tense and carefully controlled, pain management.
“John, shh. I’m going to change the door back now. But you need to be quiet so I can concentrate.”
Sherlock takes off his shirt as John pulls off his socks and checks that the front door is ajar.
Obviously, Sherlock doesn’t refuse.
“I’m a Were,” Sherlock says. He does nothing with the toothbrush.
“Don’t go anywhere,” he says. “You’re eating too.”
Harry has been too busy battling her own demons to notice the changes happening in John’s life, to see how his obsession with Sherlock is probably quite well founded. She didn’t know how bad John was before Sherlock. But even though she doesn’t understand, Harry will dig, dig, dig until she believes she has the full story.
Oh, that’s…
They don’t get any better at it. Sherlock sneaks out repeatedly and soon misses lunch every day. Then he begins skipping lessons, especially those on higher floors. He quickly discovers that lessons are even more mind numbing without Nyx perching as a bird on the windowsill, sending him knowing glances and speaking to him in a way only he hears and understands. The headmaster’s office becomes almost his second home, with constant warnings. That’s all right though, because the headmaster’s office is on the ground floor, and through the windows behind the headmaster’s chair he can see Nyx’s dark form rustling the bushes.
“Probably in the early hours of yesterday,” Mycroft says.
“If you want to help us, you’ll have to calm down. A panicked attitude will help no one, least of all Sherlock.”
Sherlock is gorgeous like this, just stunning. He’s flushed, breathless, wanting, and every time John praises him he glows just a little bit brighter. It’s like when he’s finished a string of deductions and John can’t hold back his wonder, except more, better.
“As much as we possibly can.”
Changing back is easier than changing into wolf form. He knows his human body well. Again he feels the burning pain, the stretching, the itching, then he’s standing, human again. He feels curiously tall. Sherlock flops down onto the sofa. John throws a blanket into his lap and Sherlock musters up the energy to shake it out over his nakedness. John wraps himself in another blanket and sits beside Sherlock. Their thighs touch. Sherlock is no expert on these matters, and he’s too tired to think it through, but he feels like they might be closer now.
“I’ve loved fire since a young age.”
John said that London isn’t the best place for Weres. There are too many violent foreign packs to bump into. John was attacked, although his neck is healing well. It’s clear that he doesn’t want Sherlock’s first change to be in London, but he doesn’t seem to have any other plans.
— but then the bullet whistles past him, far off to his side, into the darkness. John’s heart is in his throat.
With a jerk, Sherlock’s whole body seizes up, his eyes closing as though in pain. John quickly backs off. He’s never seen this happen before. Is the first time any different? Sherlock’s skeleton cracks. Tendons grate against bones. John wasn’t prepared for the sounds, surprisingly like a low-budget horror film. Sherlock’s skin seems to ripple, then bristle, and the change rolls through him. He falls to the ground, his suit falling off in shreds from his body. His wolf body.
Finally their next change approaches. His wolf’s increased activity is making him feel agitated, torn between staying in bed with John and going out to jog along London’s cold, winter streets. John lets him go with good humour. He’s hiding something, Sherlock can tell, but he’s happy about it, so Sherlock doesn’t press. A Christmas present, maybe. John always tries his hardest to surprise Sherlock at Christmas.
“Anyway. Your wolf form might be fully grown because you are, but mentally it’s still getting used to this life. Effectively it’s still a pup. It’ll learn. Like now it knows that sand sticks to you when you’re wet. And that water is a lot of fun.”
What can he do to help? Mycroft’s proposal — not yet a demand — was hardly surprising, but he knows his brother better than John does. What
John slips in just the tip of a finger. Sherlock, impatient as ever, wriggles his hips, trying to get more. John gives him a look, somewhere between doctor and soldier, that manages to get him to stop. He’s not going to drag this out any longer than it needs to be because, honestly, he’s desperate to be inside Sherlock. But he won’t hurt him either.
Sherlock chooses the honey and pours it over his pancakes. John stands behind him and uses the towel to gently squeeze the excess moisture out of his hair. Sherlock’s stomach rumbles. As he eats, John carefully works on the knots, holding the hair steady between his fingers so he doesn’t tug painfully. Sherlock has finished his pancakes long before John is done.
John laughs, even though it was an awful joke, not deserving laughter.
John puts an arm around him. He’s shivering slightly.
“Wait here.”
Whichever it is, it’s a fact: he is in love with John Watson.
“There were four wolves, or maybe five. They came at us out of nowhere, too quickly to count. They took down two men straight away. The wolves bit them, and the snipers shot them while they were changing and vulnerable. I think we shot two of the wolves. Another one bit me and the bullet got me as I fell. If I’d fallen a different way it would’ve gone straight through my head or my neck.”
“How do you feel about that, John?”
His eyes flutter and he forces them open again to look down at John. It’s his deducing look, but hazy, not as concentrated.
to sleep. And maybe to cuddle). Sherlock has always seemed starved of physical contact, but at the same time like he scorns it. John goes on dates with women and gets intimate with them. But sometimes he hasn’t had a date for months, and his flatmate and best friend gets turned into a Were, and they start a cuddling thing, and then they run away to the countryside together and end up naked in the shower touching each other and
“Yes?”
“Precisely,” Mycroft replies. “I don’t think Sherlock knows what he is doing.”
John shimmies over to Sherlock’s ledge and sits beside him.
“Painful. Harder than you’d expect. We’ll go over it in detail before though, don’t worry.”
John looks up through his eyelashes at Sherlock and slowly licks his lips.
John hovers awkwardly for a moment, then leaves. He gets up. He was sticky before he fell asleep, but now the residue is dry and pulling on his skin. He shuffles to the bathroom, but decides to just wash at the sink rather than take a shower.
“One night a month isn’t enough.”
“Last night’s composition? I liked it. It’s here, isn’t it?”
“How’s your head now? No dizziness?”
already, which must be coming from his wolf. Following that, another emotion, unfamiliar to him. What if he can’t do anything? He has to surrender control over his body. Over his mind, to an extent. This emotion is fear.
“Wait,” he says, as John undoes his own trousers. “How do I change back? When?”
John’s walk didn’t really clear his head. He spent the entire time thinking in the same circles he's been thinking in since the cottage. It did improve his mood a bit, until he’d come home to Sherlock bored, caseless, and screech-playing something horrible on the violin. John had been tempted to suggest that they cuddle, or that he stroke Sherlock’s hair, or something like that, because those things seem to calm Sherlock and make him happy, but he hadn’t wanted to be shot down. So he’d held his tongue and endured the screeching until bedtime. It had been his normal time, but once he’d got into bed he’d found that he absolutely could not sleep. He’d only woken up six hours before.
Sherlock makes a noise that’s half yawn, half happy sigh. John kisses the top of his head.
John huffs a quiet laugh. “You wonderful thing.”
It’s standard, plain A4 paper, folded in half. John unfolds in, stomach clenching, and reads the words printed on it:
, John says. He knows this. He doesn’t want to dance as a three.
John ignores the other two phone boxes that he passes on the way back. He’s ended up walking quite far, lost in his thoughts. He braces himself for a barrage of questions when he gets back, but Harry is curiously (mercifully) quiet. It’s probably Clara’s doing.
John laughs. “Your senses are improving, aren’t they?”
Damn it. He nuzzles at John’s face.
John rouses Sherlock off the sofa in the middle of the next day.
me! And it— ow!”
“That’s astoundingly vague, John.”
“Look at you,” John says. “You’re exhausted.”
John leaps back on Sherlock and for a while they tumble around together in the shallows. Distantly Sherlock thinks that he’s never had so much fun with a packmate before. Has he even had a packmate?
“I have to go now, John.”
Sherlock narrows his eyes and puts on the haughtiest expression he can manage when flushed, ruffled and out of breath, which is to say, not very haughty at all.
“Keep going,” he gasps.
“It is up. You know that.”
“Have I ever told you what lovely hands you have?” John asks when he finally pulls off completely.
John turns to look at him. Rubs his nose. “Me? Embarrassed? No. Why would I be embarrassed?”
Sherlock pulls a mock-affronted face and gasps. “John Watson, how dare you accuse me of such a thing.”
Oh. One of those things that’s fine in the middle of the night, in the darkness, but come the harsh light of day…
“I distract you,” Sherlock says in that smug, proud voice.
“You were shot when you were bitten. Or bitten when you were shot? So your first change—”
“But John,” protests Sherlock, as John removes his jacket and shirt for him, “I haven’t even brushed my teeth.”
. He watches John’s body shimmer, ripple, then morph into wolf form, then changes himself. It surprises him just how much easier this is when it’s something he wants to do rather than something he has to do. He slips back, and lets his wolf take control.
“You like being the one who’s topping while also surrendering control to me.”
He hangs up. He won’t risk calling John from the same number again, in case Mycroft is monitoring John’s incoming calls. It’s good that John recalled Stargazing unprompted. It was Sherlock’s concept, but John named it, a poke at Sherlock’s lack of astronomical knowledge.
him. He opens the door and gets out of the car.
He kneels down beside Sherlock and carefully peels off the dressing. John wants him to do more to accept his wolf, but he’s not risking all his mental faculties turning animalistic. This will have to be enough for now.
“You turned me on and you left me hanging,” Sherlock says. He can see what his voice is doing for John.
“Could that be why he went out at 3 a.m.?” Lestrade asks.
“Yesss,” Sherlock agrees, hissing the
Suddenly he feels very tired. Trying to convince Sherlock of anything is a battle, and they ran for
John switches off the water, which is now running lukewarm. He gets them out of the shower and gently towels Sherlock off as Sherlock floats blissfully in his post-orgasm glow. John dries himself off cursorily and stretches up to kiss him deeply.
He stares up at Sherlock. Sherlock couldn’t look away if he tried. John’s hand drifts behind him, plucks one of Sherlock’s away from his arse, raises it to his mouth. He slides his warm mouth down over two of Sherlock’s fingers. A groan escapes Sherlock. It’s the cottage again, their first shower together, except this time, John won’t pull away. His cock hardens between them as John’s tongue winds between his fingers.
He settles into the job at hand (or should that be foot?), gets a hold on the splinter with the tweezers and carefully draws it out of Sherlock's foot.
“Too much?”
Sherlock sighs. He doesn’t want whatever happened in the shower to distance them, but it seems like that’s what’s happening.
Sherlock sighs. “Do I really have to let it in?”
His wolf approves of John coming in here. Their scents start to mingle in Sherlock’s den, which is perfect, just right. John sits on the bed, arranges the pillows, props himself up against the headboard. Sherlock is comfy, but he has to get up now because John is being ridiculous. He drags the covers back with his teeth and looks expectantly at John.
“No, I don’t.”
“Right. Get your coat on. We’re going out.”
. John’s killed a pack member, two pack members now.
Sherlock’s frown increases in intensity. “You’re not going the way of your sister, are you?”
Sherlock shrugs. “No case.”
“Would you please stop being so obvious but refusing to do anything about it?! I’m dying of impatience here.”
Sherlock rushes to John's side, already texting Lestrade to hurry and bring an ambulance with him, then throws his phone on the concrete, visually cataloguing John's wounds and wishing he hadn't when the list just gets longer, and longer, and longer. He pushes John's jacket out the way and presses his hands against a gash in John's side (he'd had a knife?).
“No. He won’t bother me for another month,” Sherlock says. “Or you,” he adds as an afterthought.
“I love you,” John tells him.
John manhandles Sherlock onto their bed, works off his shoes, socks, trousers.
, licks his face,
Sherlock nods and sits up for one last gentle kiss.
“Pirates are better than smugglers,” Sherlock says, in complete seriousness.
“Huh, I was sure you’d have fallen asleep by the time I got back,” John says.
“John! Beehives!”
Sherlock heads to bed around an hour after John does. It’s ridiculously early, by his standards, but John had had a point. He doesn’t know how much energy he’ll expend running around as a wolf, and he wants to be fully alert for it.
John does lift his head then, to slide up Sherlock’s body and kiss him slow and sweet. Sherlock sighs again and lets himself be lost in the gentle kiss.
Sherlock doesn’t hear Nyx again until he’s shocked back alive by the paramedics, on a filthy alleyway floor. All the paramedics hear are angry barks and growls, but Sherlock hears Nyx’s shouts, cursing him for killing them, however briefly, laying on every insult she can think of, letting Sherlock know just how stupid he’s been. A bewildered police sergeant looks on as the overdose case he stumbled across smiles at the dog (or is it a wolf?) and then tells Lestrade that he shouldn’t marry his fiancée because she’s a lying cheat. Then both he and the dog slip into unconsciousness at the very same moment.
“Sher—”
John is ready for bed quicker than he would’ve previously thought humanly possible. He doesn’t want to waste a single second away from his love. He comes back into the bedroom floating on a cloud of love for Sherlock, ready to sleep. To his surprise, Sherlock is still awake, eyes squinched and nose wrinkled as he yawns. He’s probably running on stubbornness alone at this point.
John finds his mind drifting to him and Sherlock sharing a bed. He liked it, and he initiated, yes, but he wasn’t thinking ahead. Mates just don’t
“It’s,” Sherlock glances at the clock, “half past three. In the afternoon.”
Yep. There are the puppy dog eyes. John wants to say something smart like ‘try getting across the desert with a bullet in your shoulder and then cry to me about getting to the bathroom with a splinter in your foot’, but with the big puppy dog eyes staring imploringly up at him the best he can manage is, “Crawl”.
Once again, Sherlock becomes the tall, cold-looking one with the terrifying dog, but this time the reputation is among the members of New Scotland Yard. With Lestrade’s promotion to detective inspector, Sherlock is able to get more influence, most importantly to get Nyx inside the building. Sometimes he wishes she could still change forms, or had settled as something more subtle, but then she chases a criminal along an alley and bites his ankles to bring him down and Sherlock falls more in love with her. His mind still attempts to tear itself to shreds, when Lestrade has no cases, or only pathetically easy cases, but now instead of growling at invisible nothings in the corner, Nyx growls at him not to go out and give in to temptation. Not again.
It might be angry with you for taking so long. But your wolf is you. You’re the boss.
Sherlock preens as much as he can preen while on the cusp of sleep.
He pounces. John neatly dodges. Sherlock rolls over himself, spins around, but John is already flying at him. They crash to the ground together, rolling over and over. He scrabbles with his back legs in an attempt to fling John off him. A car somewhere outside the park backfires, and Sherlock loses his concentration. John nips his throat to let him know he’s lost, then climbs off. He scrambles up and huffs. He’s not this bad at fighting in human form.
