"This is very impressive," Tony says after the high priestess lists their superiority in this galaxy and how they rebuilt their world to be stronger after the fight with Ego, whoever that is. "I hope we can learn from you."
He thinks Steve understands as more kisses follow. Then there's the uncomfortable uncoupling—Tony knows he’ll be sore tomorrow—and the hassle of cleaning up, including changing the sheets because the bed's a mess. But at last they cuddle, interlocking like puzzle pieces, and Tony’s convinced that's where he belongs. He's almost certain that he has all of his memories back, and he can't remember feeling this content before.
Surely they set the program up in part with Tony's money from their first visit, so to say he has nothing to do with it is probably a lie. But Steve lets it go.
"He's doing well, though busy with setting things right with everyone coming back," Nebula says before she freezes for a second, lowering her hand. "It's true, you don't remember—"
"Physics says no, because we definitely had the mass advantage, but they still had better acceleration!" Morgan says, arms crossed over her chest and a pout on her face.
Tony almost swallows the bar wrong.
"Ugh. If you must."
Unfortunately, Zemo doesn't comply. He takes out a handgun and checks if it's loaded. Tony is certain he's going to blow his brain out. He wants to do something on his phone first though, as he touches a few keys and brings it to his ear, turning his chair around. If they want to catch him alive and make it easier to untangle everything, there is a small window of opportunity. Tony can try, at the very least. He puts his hands on the wall, but stops when he sees the gold of his new ring. How will it react to his powers? Clothes don't burn, but this is metal. He doesn't want to take any chances until he has done a few tests.
happening.
The Supreme Intelligence put several Kree top operatives on this, which is flattering. Also, Att-Lass and Van-Igha were part of Tony's team for over a year and he considered them friends. Maybe it's a ploy to make him more reluctant to hurt them.
"But—" Tony saw the pictures. Hell, he insisted on inspecting the car. He wanted to know if there was a mechanical defect that could explain the crash (there wasn't). He's always blamed an inebriated Howard for the accident, even if his BAC was relatively low and not over the limit. So it wasn't Howard at all, and it shakes up decades of resentment. But Hydra didn't just kill Howard for politics or whatever it was. "My mom?" he asks, hearing his voice crack.
He thought he was the only one turning in, but the others are following them. Earlier Nebula looked just as tired as he was, which makes sense, but he doesn't want to cut short what has been an enjoyable party for Steve and Carol.
He's taken out of the moment by a wolf whistle and an excited "Yay!" It makes Tony smile wide enough to break the kiss, then turn to look at their daemons that are dancing on the dresser.
That relaxes the atmosphere and makes everyone laugh as they start moving again. A moment later, as they climb a ridge, Tony briefly puts his hand on the small of Steve's back, even though he's supernaturally agile and in no need of help. The fun is in the sneak touch, which is a game that Steve enjoys judging by the heat in his gaze when he looks back at Tony.
"Not from here, I presume?" the cutie asks.
It makes Tony snort. "Exactly. I'm pissed to know that Hydra had my parents killed. I am not thrilled to be face to face with the man who did it. But I don't blame you, I blame them. Okay?"
"I'm fine, sweetheart." The endearment comes so easily, and thankfully Tony doesn't balk at it; he leans into Steve's touch even more. "I'm here."
She's broadcasting outside the suit because Steve frowns.
"Sir, the Stark Satellite Network confirms that the first Kree Accuser Warship is in geostationary orbit overhead," JARVIS announces.
"Awww, don't cry!" Johnny tells Grimm, who rubs the corner of his eye with the back of his massive fist. It's an excellent distraction from staring at what Tony will never have for himself.
It's as if the tension goes out of Tony all at once.
He pitches it as humor and banter, and it thankfully gets the intended result. Steve stops checking the interior of a tent to look over his—wide and perfectly muscled—shoulder, smiling again. Boy, he's so pretty, it's insane.
It wasn't meant to maim, just warn, and Tony admires his restraint under the circumstances. A close encounter with vibranium is a shock to the Starforce.
"You're not wrong," Tony says with a grin. "So, you'll come over?"
"You might need this, Cap. I'll go prep the Quinjet. It's in hangar five, North Runway. I'll wait for you there."
Tony wants Steve. Badly. And not just to finally resolve their almost-at-first-sight unresolved sexual tension (or because he's drop-dead gorgeous). No, he's liked Steve for a long time, before the drama, which made their falling-out even more painful. Tony would have never cheated on Pepper, but when they broke up he'd asked himself... What if Steve wasn't straight? What if Steve liked him back? Could they risk a relationship without destroying the Avengers if it didn't work out? And then everything went to shit, and the fantasy of building something with Steve wasn't an option anymore.
He probably hasn't left the Tower for anything else than business for weeks.
"No mother cat?" Tony asks. It would have been Steve's preference, too.
"Ooops, did I offend you? Sorry." Steve doesn't look contrite at all. "I've never seen a vampire before. I don't think so, at least."
"Noooooo!" Tony exclaims, hands on his hat, while everyone laughs, Steve included. Tony is so good when performing for an audience.
They’re silent for a long while after that, Tony still holding Steve's wrist. The strong beat of his pulse is calming, but everything Tony learned is playing on a loop in his head and he hates it. He needs to process all of this information and hurt again. Which is definitely shitty even if he can’t remember the first time.
It might be everything he needs.
"Get out." Steve's voice is low and dangerous.
It's easy and comfortable to fall back into a routine with Tony and the kittens. The feedings are further apart, but the girls are so much more responsive now that they spend a lot of time with them, anyway. One of Steve's favorite new tasks is gently brushing them with a soft toothbrush to simulate grooming.
The way DUM-E wilts as he rolls back is heartbreaking.
"Yeah." Steve leans in to look at him in the eyes, serious. "Could you please, please stop? I can't take it anymore."
"What just happened?" Steve mumbles, his four legs almost as jelly-like as the first time he turned into a frail-at-the-time centaur.
"You said it, not me."
It's hard to refuse as Steve
"Got it." Anthony nods, anticipation building already.
"Cap's been a pain in my ass." Rhodey makes a face at Tony preemptively. "I don't even want to hear a joke about that," he adds before focusing all of his attention on Steve again. "We're still in a fucked up situation with the Accords, and I'd appreciate your cooperation to make them work, Steve. Can I count on that?"
"We don't know them. They might have been best buddies, before whatever happened." Maybe more, with the emotion on WIM-Tony's face.
Tony gets ready for bed and ends up looking at pictures and videos of his little girl until his eyelids grow heavy. She’s perfect, and he loves her so much.
"Didn't you just say you've never played?" Kol asks.
"Will you come back once you've kicked whoever's ass?"
He leans in for a kiss that is more emotional than lustful this time, and it's very sweet. Enough for Tony to risk going too strong too fast, but that's always been his M.O. in everything.
As to others who have regrets, there are unfortunately many to choose from in this regard.After all, practically no one listened to Stark when they should have.
Steve, the sounds of the city serving as the soundtrack behind his somewhat awkward and nervous greeting. Domen paused in her packing up, clearly curious and maybe even a little anxious on Steve’s behalf.
At first, Bucky tried in vain to clean the mess up, as if scrubbing away at the paint with his coat sleeve or collecting the pieces of crumbled marble might remove the stain of the guilt Tony knew the other man would always struggle with. Eventually, Tony caught Bucky’s hand in his own and pulled him back up to standing.
The reply was almost instant. Steve had sent his own picture, depicting himself walking what looked like the NYU campus in his usual not-actually-incognito spy outfit (a baseball hat and sunglasses.)
“Tony and I have his check-in to handle. If it’s alright with Tony I would like you to remain here for it, Natasha, so that I can keep an eye on you while you put some ice on that knee. After that I’ll send Tony on his way, and we’ll have Clint come down for his own check-in, and we'll discuss punishment for the two of you.”
If any of these are triggers or concerns for you, please let me know and I can get you a redacted chapter or answer any questions you have.
Tony vanished with the kid shortly thereafter, guiding Peter down the hall and into the penthouse’s best guest room with the kid’s bags slung over his shoulder. Steve watched them go with equal parts dread and anticipation. Bucky bumped a friendly shoulder against his own, and though he was smiling when Steve met his eyes, he could also see his own worry and confusion reflected in Bucky’s face.
,” she greeted. Bucky nodded, his gaze never leaving the vase.
Steve was only a couple of steps out of the elevator when his own voice echoed through his living room. The sound was tinny and distant, emanating from a single device rather than the multiple, perfectly-balanced speakers of the floor itself, but there was no mistaking what the words were. Steve had practiced them so many times over the weekend that he could have recited them backwards while standing on his head.
“Talia. What
(See the end of the chapter for
“Please, for my sanity. It’s all I can do not to call Momma for every recipe she’s got and cook you up about a fifteen course breakfast right now.” Tony was not the only one whose laugh sounded a little shaky, but gradually conversation and all the usual chaos of the team at mealtimes resumed.
“No one is rushing me, Platypus. Promise. It’s all very above-board. Some might say too above board, which, speaking of, can we get back to the sex paperwork please? It’s like a ten page long checklist and there’s space for notes and blank lines for other things you want to add to the list and Rhoooooodey save me.”
“Yes, Clint.”
It had been a few weeks since May had dreaded returning to her apartment. For a while there, when Peter had constantly been sneaking out, returning with unexplained injuries and a sense of bitter hopelessness, she had sometimes lingered in her car for a minute or two, willing herself to push through the pit of dread in her gut, go inside, and face whatever she was about to find. Since Tony Stark’s unexpected arrival in their lives, however, she’d somehow started to trust that while the teenager she was arriving to might not always be sunshine and roses, he would at least be reasonably whole and healthy and
“I suspected from the way you described your reactions to the watch that Asgardian gold had slight healing properties for you. I had the palace’s best seamstresses weave it weeks ago, and this seemed like as good a test as any.” Steve looked at the placement of the blanket again and just managed to swallow a laugh.
“I know, Coulson. It’s fine.”
“Ugh, Coulson I swear I’m going to get you for this. Look, SI is going well, and I’m grateful for that. In my universe it was something I always regretted, because these people had stuck with me through the switch over from weapons and I pretty much had to abandon them to deal with Thanos. Not my proudest moment. But it’s not enough. And it’s all made a little more complicated by the fact that I really think…I think I might be done with Iron Man.”
“It didn’t! I never did anything like that, never even came close to—to dying.”
Which, okay. They probably missed other-Tony (he’d have to come up with a snappier way to refer to the guy—Phony would be funny, but they’d probably be pretty pissed if he ever accidentally said it out loud). But then, when he had realized this Clint was using hearing aids (more Stark tech!) and asked if the guy wanted the closed captioning on, it had happened again.
For all the build-up that had surrounded it, the blood draw itself was standard and simple. With Rhodey there to chat with/interrogate about his latest mission, Tony barely even felt the prick of the needle.
“Sir, Peter Parker is requesting entrance to the penthouse. He appears rather agitated. Shall I allow him inside?”
“I think you’re doing just fine.”
“Gotta give it to my gal Butterfingers. That reverse while her brothers wasted all that time rounding corners was real swell.” You accepted his defeat with relatively good grace; Dummy tried to argue the point, and when that didn’t work, he picked up one of Barnes’ shoes and threw it across the shop.
“I figured out where I recognized Fletcher’s name from.”
“Aren’t—didn’t you have a thing? Some kind of horrible boring thing in like…Utah or Canada or something?”
this?” Tony demanded, unable to keep the question back any more. “Honeybear? If you’re not in War Machine where—”
Tony had told Peter things over the years, too. Not much about Steve, because there had still been so much anger there for so many years, but every once in a while he’d let things slip. Steve’s ability to make speeches had definitely come up. But Peter had never given the matter much thought, because he’d imagined the guy sounding somewhat like a mix of a TED talk and old-fashioned War propaganda, and those horrible PSAs from school, and none of them were particularly appealing. Turned out even the most jaded aspects of Peter’s Gen Z upbringing had not prepared him for Captain America in his element.
“JARVIS says you have questions. About Ultron.” Tony laughed, but nothing like the way he did when he found something actually funny. It was a harsh, raspy, ugly sound that Steve hated instantly.
“Pepper, Pep-in-my-step, Pepperony to my pizza—” She made that kind of laugh/sob sound that it seemed to be Tony’s lot in life to draw from her these days. (Would he ever be able to make any of them uncomplicatedly happy, or would Mark II’s absence always linger between them, an invisible but weighty shadow?)
At first it wasn’t bad at all, actually. Kissing, Tony was increasingly convinced, was Steve’s true superpower. Steve never kissed like he was in a hurry to get to the next step and just checking a box. Like everything else, Steve kissed with his entire being, licking his way into Tony’s mouth and nipping at his lips like he could never possibly be satisfied even if they stayed like that forever. After they’d made out for so long that Tony had almost forgotten Sunset Bain had ever existed, Steve showed off a tie Thor had taught him. It was an over-arm posture; Tony’s wrists were brought into a column tie and then lifted over his head and locked off with a horizontal tie at the centre of his back.
“I mean, technically speaking the me that’s here right now is an artificial intelligence. So not alive, strictly speaking, but not dead either.”
For a matter of seconds, temptation strained Tony’s features to the point of near unrecognizability. A relationship with a kid he considered his own was going from a distant, hopeful possibility to something suddenly within his grasp. All Tony had to do was reach out and take it. For Steve, there was something unimaginably difficult and yet deeply familiar about the scenario. He’d felt a variation on the same thing when a version of his dead partner had first stumbled into their living room: the desire to hold on all the harder because it didn’t seem quite right, and was likely to be torn away just as easily as it had suddenly been offered.
“I…seven, maybe. I slept on my front a bit longer than I should have last night.” He heard the low scratch of pen on paper as Bruce made a note to himself.
"I have a lot of stories," Tony says with a smile.
"Nah, it's alright. Though we probably could do an Avengers special for charity or something."
. But then a miracle happens: Rhodes elbows Tony, which makes him come back to his senses and positively beam with happiness.
Steve smiles back. "Or that."
Steve is bad at Half State… because that's pretty much what a centaur is, by nature. He can't totally change into a horse the way Rhodes does, for example. For Steve, it's either human or centaur, and he's fine with that. As a centaur, he has the advantage of competing in Full Shift all the time, so at complete strength, which makes him a star left-fielder in SHIELD's Shifter baseball team. The rest of his teammates mostly play in Half Shift, unless they can use their Full Shift to their advantage.
"Build it and they will come," Tony mutters a few days later, flicking a switch. He smiles when the core starts humming. It's far from finished, but it's going well.
"No."
Tony rolls his eyes. "No. I drink coffee, too." He grins when Steve opens his mouth to protest. "It's a joke. I'm fine, and besides, my smoothes, power bars and blueberries, as you say, would be absolutely fine. I ran the numbers."
"Five Accuser Warships near Jupiter, one jump away. Another is coming closer," Carol is relaying from Talos' ship. "I'd guess a dozen fighter ships too, at a minimum. Are you still certain you want to go with direct confrontation?"
It's a good diversion, and Tony hopes it obfuscates the memory of his almost panic attack. He's still a bit shaky, though, and if he takes comfort from petting Lilly—who has settled on his leg under the table—no one needs to know.
They hadn't told the team—it made sense, you don't broadcast you are fuckbuddies—even though Tony would have bet that half of them knew something was going on. As Tony was incapable of not telling at least someone, he confided in Rhodey, but that was pretty much it. He loved Steve, and sometimes he thought it was reciprocated, but he'd never dared voicing it out loud and disrupting their arrangement. Time would get Steve there, he hoped, and Tony was letting him process being in a relationship with a man at his own pace.
"And it struck me that in four of the five different realities—"
Light shimmers around the now kneeling man as he raises his hands while the armor he wears transforms to something lighter, helmet gone. He has long dark hair, slicked back, and doesn't look as cocky as moments ago.
"Oh my God," Steve breathes, then laughs out loud when she rolls on her side, wiggling.
"Let me see—"
"He sure is, darling," Tony says. That is
"Oh, I forgot about the peanut gallery for a second there." Tony pauses. "Comments? Remarks? Plans to go hide the bathroom for a while?"
"Captain," T'Challa adds.
Steve frowns as he looks up at Tony's face, then something clicks and he smiles. "No. I mean yes, of course, very, very nice. But you've always been handsome. I meant you're hot to the touch."
"Oh fuck! A fast learner, aren't you? Made for this. So good." Tony has buried his fingers in Steve's hair again and begins pulling it harder and harder as he nears his orgasm. Steve moans his agreement, speeding his hand on Tony's dick.
In his late teens, Tony thought about becoming an astronaut. In the end, he didn't apply because Howard insisted he work at the company, but he wonders how his life would have turned out. Obie would have had free rein over Stark Industries, with no need to take him out. Surely, Tony would never have become Iron Man. Even though he's dreamed about going to space, now that he’s here Tony feels a deep malaise over how boundless it is. He doesn't flash back to the wormhole in New York all that much: there were tons of ships then, and it wasn't this empty. But the vastness outside the cockpit window almost gives him vertigo, and a strong impression of déjà vu, nonetheless. Unsettled, Tony rubs at his chest and has another brief moment of surprise at not feeling the arc reactor there. He keeps forgetting he got rid of it.
"There you go," Rhodes says, his own smile widening. He doesn't seem surprised at all. "Have fun!"
The memories are surfacing more and more rapidly now. Only when Tony has the door closed and is flat on his back on his cot does he relax and allow the images and feelings to come back to him without restraint. It's disorienting; one memory makes him remember another one, and out of context some flashes are hazy and make little sense, but others are a lot clearer, especially when linked to powerful emotions.
He reflexively touches the arc reactor in his chest, seeking the comfort it has become… and it's like the bottom of Tony's stomach drops to the floor. He can't feel it. What the fuck happened?
"It's okay," Tony says. "Steve just explained what happened. What did he call it… the Decimation? And then bringing half the universe back. Frankly, I'm still wrapping my head around that."
He tries reaching for it, but Steve shakes his head.
Well, that's not exactly right as most of them don't regret anything anymore. The two that fled surely do, though.
But Steve's already done, and he gives the bag with the wrappings to DUM-E, who accepts with a shrilling sound.
"Glad to hear it. Again, we're very grateful that you defeated Thanos," Chancellor Almar says.
"They’ve changed a lot," Tony says as he leads Steve to his workshop. He's bouncing, full of energy, which is great. Hell, the bags under his eyes are all but gone, so caring for the kittens clearly hasn't been too hard on him. It's a bit callous, but it's almost a disappointment, since Steve saw himself arriving like a savior to give relief. On the other hand, it's even better to see Tony looking so happy.
FRIDAY has finished giving Tony directions, and he walks over, zeroing in on the piece of cloth.
Steve still hovers as if worried Tony might faint. It would be insulting if he wasn't feeling bad.
"Very creepy," Nebula agrees, nose scrunching in disgust. "They're genetically engineered to be their version of perfection, but it doesn't even make up for their lack of personality." She pauses and her mouth lifts in a small smirk. "They despised Rocket."
"Peter?" For a second, Tony's frozen. He only has one kid, right?
"Good. It's been fun, as Knowhere is bound to be. See you around!" Carol salutes, goes into binary mode until she's aflame again, and takes flight in the direction of their ship.
"That's my good boy," Tony says with just as much feeling. It's clear he's already drifting.
The doctor hangs up and notices that he's drawn their attention. He smiles reassuringly, "She'll get back to me. I'm sure we'll find them a good family."
"Aw, that's so cute," Steve says. DUM-E is vibrating in excitement.
"Yes, that’s wonderful." He accepts the water gratefully, as does Nebula, distancing herself once more.
Steve is walking around the room and ends up near the bed too.
Steve squints at him. "You're not living on smoothies, power bars and blueberries, are you?"
"Alright, you cornball. What happened to the stiff-upper-lip Captain America I knew? That's what I'm wondering."
Tony throws back his head to laugh at Steve's bewildered face.
"Well, I'm sorry to burst your bubble, but we have to move now. We have a hit on a time and location for a transaction in Portland. It might be our best shot to catch both the people making the weapon, or their broker, and a client."
He puts his hand on the center of Steve's chest and pushes him gently so he steps back. Confused, Steve goes with the movement, which allows Tony to enter the room and shut the door behind himself. Tony is brimming with nerves when he closes his fingers, trapping Steve's soft T-shirt in his fist.
And fuck, that obviously messed Steve up, piling new guilt on top of what he already felt about Barnes' death.
"They have a house?" Steve asks.
"Yes, I'd like that." Steve has to consciously stop bobbing his head. Even so, he made a vow, and he needs to act before he loses his courage. "Another time, though, if you want, I'd love to take you out."
The blond winks at him.
"I love you," Steve says before mashing their mouths together.
"I would love nothing more than to be yours and to call you mine," Tony says. "Yes. Of course yes."
For example, when he flies Iron Man, he focuses on the mission, sure. That's his primary task, where he listens to Steve's orders and fights accordingly. But in parallel, he's running his own odds on the best actions to take, with the information he observes in relation to the mission's parameters and known intel. On top of that, he can also assimilate and use the data JARVIS streams on the HUD about environmental conditions, his teammates' positions, et cetera.
"Don't 'Tony' me, Steve. I want your dick, and I want it now."
. It's been so long since he's been fucked that Tony’s almost forgotten the feeling of intrusion before it turns really good. Again Steve is cautious, though, pushing in slowly while scrutinizing Tony's face for any sign of discomfort. It's his "I-have-a-battle-plan-and-I'm-sticking-to-it” expression, and a laugh bubbles up in Tony's chest.
Without waiting for an official countdown, Tony pushes on the tube so it engages on the slope. He takes quick steps until he's running, and jumps onto Rhodes’ back who whoops in delight. They managed a good acceleration, in Steve's opinion. Meanwhile, Peter began counting out loud.
Tony nods, reassured. "Makes sense."
"I'm sorry." Steve had looked miserable and tragic. He was crying again, and it figured that Tony's own eyes remained dry. "I was wrong. I didn't want you to hurt for nothing if it was a lie. And then when all signs pointed that it was indeed true, I didn't know how to tell you. I know I should have—"
"Okay, so I think there's nothing more to do but to press some buttons and hope for the best," Tony says, examining the remote.
"Please, Steve," he begs with a hint of a whine. "I want you. Don't make me wait."
"Colonel Phillips thinks everyone is a nuisance." The 'including me' is implied, and it comforts Tony in his theory that Steve is linked to the Army. There’s no other reason for an American to be in this neck of the woods, pun totally intended. "But grumpy Colonel aside, I'd bet that everybody who's ever read and enjoyed one issue of Marvels would love to meet its most famous, rich, courageous, and handsome adventurer."
"I never could have done it alone," Tony says while pulling on his sleeve so it covers the burns. "My team helped share the load."
"They speak to each other?" Steve had never realized that DUM-E communicated with the AI intelligibly.
"You said nothing," Tony notes.
"Oh, hey!" Sam exclaims. "You're all back!"
"Physical resemblance aside, the energy signature is wrong. Please provide more information, but know that your presence triggered an alert, and that automated defenses will engage in 30 seconds."
It must be a rhetorical question as it's two in the afternoon, on a Tuesday. Tony's still in pajamas, feet up on the coffee table.
"So, here we are."
"Come on, Love Bug, you trust J!" Tony pouts, then tilts his head to the side. "Or maybe you need identification stories too? Like that time we went to New Orleans for Mardi Gras and you decided you could speak perfect Cajun French—"
"No, she mostly flies just by herself," Steve says, moving his hand, palm down, from right to left. "Zipping through the universe."
"Yes." To all the above. Steve sincerely hopes that Tony gets it.
At long last WIM-Tony breaks the totally-a-hug and steps back to now hold Other-Steve with an arm around his side.
"I swear it isn't bad," he tries to reassure them instead.
"No problem. Do you want to get out of the bathroom first, or for me to do it?"
"I know you are. Just six days ago, I was still brainwashed and being groomed to be a weapon against Carol who you saw back there."
"You can't... there's nothing you could have done."
"Thank you. Thank you. I was so afraid to lose you if I talked, and then I did—" His voice breaks as he whispers against Tony's hand. "I thought you died hating me and it killed me, Tony."
If touching a person's daemon indicates to Asgardian that people are in a relationship, it explains several of Thor's remarks, and the single bed.
"Sandra's on break. Do you need something?"
"Hi Cap," they say at the same time, and then look at each other and laugh.
"Probably not. Here, let me smooth the wrinkle of concern between your eyebrows."
From what Steve can remember reading in his file, Tony left for college very young. "I guess you couldn't bring it to school," he says.
"Why not," Steve concedes.
That's definitely friendly banter, and Tony can't help but pause. Steve is still smiling like a loon.
"I gotta agree with you on this one," Steve says, eyeballing the gyrosphere, its door twisting open and letting a cloud of mist escape. It unfolds, revealing a well built shirtless man inside, strapped to a contraption that keeps him standing.
So it's not only Carol and Nebula's reputations that have reached this place. It's surprising, but Tony can roll with it. People have recognized him all his life; he knows the dance.
"Oh no, it's not a problem. I need to get my men, anyway." Steve then perks up, looking in the distance. "Speaking of the devil…" Steve curls his palms around his mouth and shouts. "I'm fine, coming to you now."
give you five hundred dollars."
"Fine," Tony says. "Come here, DUM-E. But do not, and I cannot stress this enough, do NOT touch the box or the kittens."
"What's so special about Rocket?" Tony asks.
"They attacked you," Steve insists. "Of course I worry."
"Shit. Wait, what do you mean, sort of?"
"Let me hear you, sweetness."
"There's no rush," Steve says, barely pushing in.
"What brings you to town?" Tony asks.
"The clinic received a generous anonymous donation to support their new program offering low-cost vet services for qualifying low income pet owners," FRIDAY pipes up.
I am in California in a position that makes me really anxious about going anywhere near New York. I’m now in a bizarre position where I’ve befriended 13 women who are willing to lie and try to help me cover up our relationship to make sure we stay as safe as possible. But I know there is always some kind of danger in regards to Obie until I get him locked out and down. I want you to be safe. At least as safe as I have any measure of control over.
And … I might need more than just a couple weeks for the book. I love stories a lot, but there is a reason Franklin tends to read books to me. I do alright with short things, mostly, but books can be a bit of a challenge. As long as you are willing to go slowly, though, we should be just fine. So maybe one letter for the movie? And I can send you Pendragon’s drawing. Then over the weeks leading to our birthdays, maybe we can write a bit about the book. Or, if you would rather go faster, I can see if Franklin or one of his sisters can read to me. I do not know why I have so much trouble reading; the teachers thought I was something of an imbecile. The letters just sometimes dance or rearrange as I am looking at the page. Maybe there is something broken in my head.
My birthday is July 4th. Franklin likes to tease me that the entire nation is celebrating my birthday. Back when I was a kid, I believed him. Told the other kids in the neighborhood all about how special I was. You can imagine how I took it when they told me that it was the nation’s birthday and not mine that was being celebrated. I ended up trying to fight twenty-four kids all by myself. It did not go well.
"Not that much, but I've practiced since. Mainly with Rhodey."
"I'm fine, Neb. I just need to rest a bit." He squeezes her hand. "FRIDAY will watch over me. She knows what to monitor."
A happy rumble is the wolf's response as he crawls a little closer to Tony, who dares to reach out to touch the blond head. Its fur is very soft, and Tony pets it gently. The wolf sighs with satisfaction, and Tony notes how its eyes are closing. There are two darts on the back of its neck that the wolf either didn't notice or couldn't reach. Tony hurries to take them out, wondering what they were loaded with. If Hydra knew what they were up against, and all signs point that way, it must have been a hard sedative. Judging by how the wolf was hit with at least ten darts without even wavering, the chemical clearly wasn't strong enough. Until now that is, because the wolf is definitely currently fighting for consciousness.
Vers makes a face that is mostly a guilty wince. "Can't do that right now. But I will, once I explain."
"Anything you want to talk about?" Rhodes needles, with a great deal of affection.
He's going great, judging by how content the small black kitten looks, happily feeding from the nipple. Steve's is squirming as if impatient, and he pushes harder on the plunger with trepidation.
"Oh, with the baseball field, right? I liked that one."
Too many zealots who wouldn't bat an eyelash to bomb Earth even with more than a hundred captive Krees on it. Of course, there's a risk that the prisoner's pride makes them want to come back for seconds, but hopefully not.
Tony smiles. "Why not? An engine wouldn't tire, or kick."
In Steve's opinion, there is nothing sexy about ginger. "I still don't get it."
"So, do you think Steve will want to take his?" Tony asks.
They still alternate when feeding the babies, but in his head, Steve can't help thinking of the black kitten as Tony's. They have clearly bonded, and Steve's been extra attentive to the white in return. But it feels wrong to say they have favorites. Is this how parents feel with actual human children, too? Probably.
“You’re beautiful,” he tells the bird.
"So it's a meet and greet with a covert dick-measuring contest."
"I can't believe you guys," Rhodes says. "I have the perfect solution for you. Tony, you come back here, with both cats. We all get to play with the kittens, and as a bonus, Steve gets to see you, and you him. Win-win!"
He's not surprised that the Krees knock off the base's camera, though the ones Tony installed himself resist so he can watch the Starforce team’s progress. He recognizes a few faces, unsurprised that his ex-team is at the forefront, but Yon-Rogg isn't there for the moment, if he even made the trip. After all, he spectacularly failed the mission to kill Carol on Xoria, and lost Tony in the process. Maybe the Supreme Intelligence put him in time out or completely disgraced him.
"No," he answers honestly.
Tony finally stops pacing to look at Steve. His eyes and nose are red as he wipes below his eyes with the back of his hand. It's a weird time for Tony to note that Steve is an ugly crier.
"You're impossible," Steve says with a hopelessly fond shake of his head.
Bucky is just as hyper as Tony is, and that means trouble. Which he proves when he hollers at Tony. "Hey, short stuff!"
"No, that's impossible!" he yells. "Cheater!"
"You should rest," Steve says. "Hopefully your memories will come right back."
"I do want us to go out sometime," Tony affirms, reaching out to grab Steve's forearm. "Surely you noticed that all of those versions of me loved you back, no? Come on, Steve, it was embarrassingly obvious."
Tony almost yelps in surprise when Steve rises from the bed as if he doesn't have a grown man on his lap. He's so incredibly strong that it looks effortless. Steve then turns sideways to climb back on the cot on his knees and gently deposits Tony on his back.
Tony wished as much, but sadly he doesn't think so. "I didn't see Dugan, Falsworth, or any of the others I suspect would be in Captain America's unit."
It's been a while since Tony played for actual money and with an audience. He spent many nights in his dissolute past in various gambling establishments and ultimately ended up with an understanding with most of the big casinos on Earth. Tony Stark gives a show and attracts high-paying players and beautiful women who want to brush elbows with him. That the casino owners love. What they like a lot less is losing money. So they'd perfected their relationship: Tony would play a couple of rounds of poker, blackjack, or craps when he arrived because it draws a crowd, but never for too long. He'd then transition to roulette and eventually loiter by the slot machines because it's fairer to the bank that way. See, it's not that Tony tries or even
"Hey, hi!"
He's probably saying too much, but he can't be bothered. For a moment, he wonders if the Iantusians intoxicated them on purpose and if it's a way to vet them too. Sort of a lie detector.
Steve puts his hands on the wall above the bed and obeys, shuddering when Tony traces the veins of his cock with his tongue, then circles the head. It feels so, so good already and he's not even entered Tony's mouth.
Still reeling, Tony leaves the photo roll to look at picture albums only to get another whiplash: he sees his and Pepper's wedding pictures. She's a stunning bride in a simple dress made of white lace while Tony is in a classic tuxedo. He can't stop looking at his own face, the way he’s beaming. He looks so happy. The date says September 2018, so it was before Morgan was born. But what the hell happened for Steve to say that Tony didn't have anyone at home? Tony checks his left hand and there's no wedding band on his ring finger—he would have noticed that immediately anyway—but no mark either. Playing detective in the camera roll again, Tony sees that it disappeared in the last six months. Divorced, then, or at least separated. It leaves a bitter taste in his mouth that he and Pepper didn't make it work, even with a kid.
True. That takes precedence by far. Tony hopes that his nervousness at seeing Steve again, and Barnes in person, doesn't show too much.
"Of course, Steve. I forgive you."
He then bends to kiss the bald little head in front of him, following it with a loud raspberry on the baby’s neck, which makes him laugh heartily. Tony grins in return, delighted, and it's the most beautiful thing that Steve has ever seen.
Steve salutes them both. "Your highness, Colonel." After a pause he continues. "Hear me out, Rhodes. That doctor, the psychiatrist, he's behind all of this."
Steve tilts his head to the side. "So you
Tony emphatically agrees, hard and aching in his breeches and more turned on than he's been in forever. Steve's lips are pinker from the kiss—making him even more irresistible, which should be illegal—and his eyes are now almost all pupils.
Tony raises his free hand to cup the back of Steve's head, and it annoys him that the cowl is in the way. He unsnaps the chin strap and takes it off, raking his fingers through Steve's beautiful blond hair. It's longer than it used to be, and it suits him. Steve leans into his touch as if starved for it.
This time it's Steve who crashes his mouth down on Tony's with unrestrained enthusiasm. He closes his arms around him too, strong and solid, and it's
"Where is it, anyway? The armor?" He wouldn't want it to fall into the wrong hands. It must be in the spaceship with their alien friends. How is that for an unexpected sentence?
It makes Jarons’s eyebrows rise on his forehead. "Got it."
Steve relaxes. "Oh, good. Thank you."
"Not a coincidence," Tony says with a dismissive gesture. He just
Fury. Anthony has heard that name before. Where?
"Ready to go?" Tony asks when he raises his head and sees Steve in the doorway. He's working on Rhodes' armor again.
"And I can do it better," Jim challenges.
"Glad you do," Steve rumbles against Tony's mouth before kissing him deeply once more.
Steve just finished wiping his little charge, the black one this time, and makes a non-committal sound. The last ten hours have been fantastic, and Steve loathes having to leave the bubble of care they’ve built here in Tony's workshop. Steve's joke about having a favorite has prompted Tony into feeding the kittens alternately, to ensure equal bonding. Steve keeps saying it's to spread the love, which makes Tony grin.
The dual surprise of a hand on his shoulder and his name makes Anthony almost jump out of his skin.
Tony runs after his fiancé, who is methodically making the shield bounce against the walls and is forcing the Starforce's members towards the entrance.
The description seems to please her.
"So you want to see me again?" he asks as they reluctantly separate, hope all over his face.
"Please," Wanda scoffs. She seems more amused than annoyed. "You didn't protest very much, Steve."
"Yeah, very Wizard of Oz of him. A funnel on the top of the armor's head, too." Steve has to give Loki points for style, at the very least.
"Love?" he finally says when Steve pulls away, still grinning from ear to ear. It might come out as a squeak, which is frankly embarrassing.
"Got it," Viv says. She pauses by the door before leaving. "By the way, Mrs. Otto is here."
"I would appreciate it. But at the same time, please never change."
"I'm wondering if I passed out in the lab, and this is just a very convoluted dream," Tony says.
A few meters away, Cora was puffing up, disgruntled, but Steve coaxed her closer for cuddles. It had warmed Tony right up.
"Come on!" Carol yells to the four men and three women walking toward them, taking cover behind booths and abandoned playing tables along the way. "You want me? Then come and get me!"
"Yeah, okay, why not?"
"God no, I love it."
"We can't have that, can we?" Steve murmurs before gently leaning down for a kiss that has no right feeling so good. It makes Tony wish for it to be the last first kiss of his life.
This is a new chapter of their story, long overdue in his opinion, and possibly made sweeter by the obstacles they had to overcome first. This part they'll write together, though, hand in hand, and Steve already knows that he's aiming for a happily ever after.
But there is another blond who has been throwing Tony lingering looks ever since he got to the Ball: the one and only Steve Rogers. Tony admits that it has thrown him for a loop. To be honest, at first he assumed Steve had been checking out Cherie (and who wouldn't, she's delightful in her tight red dress). But right now Tony's at the bar to fetch drinks, and Steve keeps on looking at
"I'm sorry for leaving like that. And the whole appearing to be dead for two years."
Steve wishes his own Starkphone was close by, but it's near his abandoned chair on the other side of the pool. After idly swimming for a few seconds, not very graceful, but determined, Snowball goes to a nearby pool noodle. Sam holds it steady and she grabs at it, maybe to rest. She still seems calm and collected, so there's no urgency to get her out, or even help.
clumsy sometimes. Steve's concern must show on his face because Tony speaks up.
It's going to be useful one day, after all.
"That’s an idea." Steve could see it, for sure.
"Yeah, through a series of events. When I got too close to the truth, Hydra sent an assassin after me: the Winter Soldier. James Barnes."
Pleasure is coiling like a spring in his gut, and it's good. So good. He reaches to press on Steve's perineum with his free fingers, to stimulate his prostate from the outside, but Steve swiftly captures Tony's hand to bring it up near his head too. Yep, manhandling is definitely working for Tony and he doesn't want to fight it even though he longs for a fist around his cock. Right now all the friction he gets is against Steve's washboard abs, which is fantastic but not enough.
"Don't worry," he says. "You still figure in the most beautiful lists."
He realized he'd fallen in love—and might have been all along—the night Tony put on a brave face and announced that he and Pepper were over. Steve remembers having the knee jerk reaction that if he had the chance of Tony loving him, he would never let him go. He kept his mouth shut, of course, and was as supportive as he could be.
"Thanks," Tony says, checking him out a little more closely.
"Nice side effects of the core of a light-speed engine going off in my face."
Steve gathers Tony in a tight hug and sighs in contentment, kissing the top of his head. He's so happy, this is perfect.
Tony laughs – the most wonderful sound in the universe, for sure – as they go check on their brood; human and feline alike.
"Is there a problem?" Steve asks, looking ready to punch somebody in the face. Whether it's the actual threat—Kol—or Tal is hard to say.
"That's not on you either, Buck," Steve says. "That's all me."
"Please?" Steve insists, big blue eyes pleading, which is unfair.
The problem is that Tony is soon out of earshot of the camp, but he still hasn't crossed the big trail he'd followed while entering the forest, before hearing the voices. Tony stops, confused, and scans his surroundings. Not knowing these woods, there are no markers to assure him he's going in the right direction. Or any sign of the forest's edge, or sounds from the official Army barracks, or the village where Tony has rented a house.
"Will you still marry me if I say I want to shake it, or is that going too far?"
"No problem."
Ah, so they didn't stop butting heads then. That’s to be expected; they’re both very opinionated people.
Looking for a distraction from the somber mood, Tony asks another question. "What do the Guardians of the Galaxy—I haven’t decided how I feel about that name, by the way—have to do with the golden people, and why will Nebula stay on the ship?"
When Steve had pulled back, still flushed pink and now biting his lower lip, he waited for Tony's reaction, searching his face. Nervous, but hopeful. Proud to have finally made his intentions known, no matter how it turned out.
Steve sits by Tony’s side, and the contact is reassuring in its familiarity. The couch is thankfully sturdy and doesn’t protest their combined weight even with the armor.
Unsurprisingly, Yon-Rogg has his disappointed face on when Anthony reaches the training room. Anthony supposes he should feel contrite, but he can't be bothered.
He pulls in Tony tighter against his body and moves his hips, pushing against Tony in a way that rubs their dicks together. It feels great. He's so keyed up from just kissing and a little frottage, which bodes well for the rest.
"You're not nearly good enough to face Vers." He says the name with scorn, as always.
"Through cheating!" Rhodes is the one accusing this time.
"Mister Stark," from the man with the shield, now by his side and watching their captive.
"I've wanted to do this for so long," Steve murmurs, giving Tony another peck.
It's like experiencing a blue screen, Tony doesn't know what to say, what to think. He has a
"That would be stupid, and we're trying to not be idiots, Steve, at least when we’re dealing with aliens," Tony says, putting on his clothes from the night before. It's not ideal, with the smell of sweat mixed with something sweet, but they can't go to breakfast in borrowed pajamas. He should have put them in the sonic shower.
It's a reasonable request. "Sure. I'll ask Nat for your number, and I'll text you."
Tony relaxes a bit at the news. He rubs at his temples, a headache brewing that promises to be a doozie. His heart hurts too.
He guides Tony to a door a few steps away that leads to a small sitting room. As soon as he's out of sight of the murmuring crowd, Tony opens the armor. He sighs in satisfaction once he has direct body contact with Cora, who is shaking in his hold. With Thor's help, Tony sits down hard on a two person sofa, Steve by his side. Steve has a hand planted in the small of Tony's back, and it's immensely comforting.
Steve opens and closes his mouth like a fish several times, at a loss to say anything that isn't cursing on Tony's behalf. Not distracted from his work at
"Fuck off!" Kol yells, which could be either for Tal or Tony. Or both.
"We did. Okay, so here it is." Steve takes a deep steadying breath. "In 2014, I discovered that Hydra was alive and well, weaved into SHIELD, our government, and the World Security Council. Among other entities."
"Really? It's the finest goddamn jet floor I ever laid on," Steve says, catching Tony’s lips for a slow and thorough kiss. "But yeah, I know," he adds when they separate. "All I want is to keep you in my arms. It's hard to let you go."
"It's complicated." Steve scrunches his nose. Before Tony can protest, he raises a hand. "I told you I'd explain, so I'll try to do so as simply as I can."
"Yeah," Steve says, playing along. Of course he does, it's for Tony. Well, for the kittens too. "I'm very worried."
"Steve," the man answers, sitting up and arranging the blanket around himself.
"Who knew you and Stark could be such softies for furballs," Sam says.
"That said, I'm glad you two had your reunion." Rhodey finally smiles again. "And engaged, really?"
Behind them, the guy who moved the bin starts throwing back in the bags Steve flung out, which makes him feel bad. He made the mess, he should pick it up.
"I think that's it," he says once satisfied, and Tony emphatically nods which reassures Steve. "Okay, good. Here it is, then."
They move to the sofas and Tony unashamedly snuggles into Rhodey as Carol takes a seat in front of him.
From the moment the portal began to pull Tony in, he's cursed that he was too far from the console to attempt to stop it. Steve hit several buttons to no avail and even suggested ripping off the power source. Tony stopped him, afraid the window would shut down with his limb still trapped. That's when Steve tried pulling him out, with no result. Probably too late, Tony spots what looks like a remote control.
"Agreed. Any ideas?" Steve asks.
Tony can't even imagine the magnitude of the catastrophe if he had shot the actual Tesseract on Asgard, and not just the core with parts of its power inside. That would have done more than destroy the room Tony was using and give him powers; the blast would have annihilated him—along with Yon-Rogg and the rest of his Starforce team. Thankfully, he'd been working on Mar-Vell's design with a similar amount of energy that was in the core during Carol's accident, another similarity in their stories. With the Tesseract safe in the Asgardian's vault, Tony can now try again.
Every day, and sometimes more than once a day, Steve exchanges texts, pictures and calls with Tony. He's confident – and extremely happy – to say they are definitely friends, not just colleagues. It’s way more than simply being friendly with each other. It took a while, too long probably, and they had to learn each other's languages for it to happen. But now it's true.
As always, Snowball is slower to feed, so Steve hasn't finished.
"Very much no," Steve insists. "In fact, I think there's something brewing between Carol and Rhodes."
"Okay, okay," Tony agrees.
"Plus, I know you've been itching for a fight, just to have an excuse to punch the pretty boy in the face," Tony teases.
"Would you consider doing it to me, too? Only if you want." Steve understands preferences, and wouldn't dare force Tony into anything he's not entirely on board with.
It makes Tony beam. "I'm glad to be back!"
Before the space tour, as Tony calls it, the Avengers and Fury devised a strategy for what information could be shared about Earth and their fights. Tony agrees with the basic principles Steve relayed: there will be no discussion of the Time Heist, as they call it, with anyone. Mastering time travel is a powerful advantage, one they don't wish to disclose. So they built a separate cover story since no one but the Avengers knows that Thanos destroyed the stones and then died by Thor's hand right after the Decimation. There had been a ripple in the universe, but nothing more than rumors about the cause of it.
"So you do know me?"
Now that he looks at it more closely, Tony is pretty sure it's a stoat.
"How many stops do we have?" Tony asks.
"At this age—" the vet starts, about to rebuke Tony, but he pauses after a look at Tony's hopeful face and changes course. "Sure, I'll show you."  It seems he's just as incapable at refusing those big brown eyes as Steve is.
"I can do it," the young man says. He looks to be in his late teens, and mostly in a hurry to get on with his day. Maybe a little nervous.
That's something that Steve has wondered about for a while, so he holds his breath for the answer.
"I do," Steve says, vibrating with happiness. Tony asked him to come first. "I miss them a lot." He misses spending time with Tony even more.
. Holy shit. That's… even more unbelievable than the fact that he has a daughter, but there it is. Wow. It explains why Pepper was on the battlefield in the last battle with Thanos then.
Tony's heart falls too, and there's no need for FRIDAY's red alarm, he's already firing his jet boots at full power to dive after Steve. Calculations and probabilities flash before his eyes, but all that he can hear is the rush of blood in his ears.
Groaning, Tony drops his forehead to Steve's shoulder. "Ah, dammit. You won't let it go, will you?"
"Unfortunately, no."
"Hey, big guy! Friend of Tony!" It's Tal, a few feet away, helping Jarons limp to safety. He tosses a ray gun to Steve, who catches it with his free hand. "You guys do Knowhere a favor and kick the Krees' asses, okay?"
It makes Steve huff and shake his head. "Red Wolf is the sheriff, and you know it."
It makes Steve laugh. "Sure is. It's amazing."
"Tony Stark," Tony answers, at the same time that Steve says "Iron Man." Tony smiles and winks at Steve, before adding, "And Captain America."
"Hold your fire," the officer orders in German. "Let it come closer."
"We're having a summer fest downtown. Stick around and find out. I'm sure we could use help with the fireworks."
Steve huffs, amused but also clearly fond. "Yeah. I just wanted you to know. I'll let you think about it, and maybe, if you want, we could go out sometime." No pressure, totally Tony's choice if he ever wishes to take the chance. Steve steps back as if he's going to leave.
It almost makes Steve stumble. Is he
Is that a little smile? It's barely there, a light upward tilt of one corner of her mouth, but somehow Tony guesses that Nebula rarely allows her guard to come down. It fills him with warm joy that he amuses her.
"I never told you enough how much I appreciate you," Steve says, being even more disarmingly genuine. Tony both eats it up and wants it to stop; he's growing deeply uncomfortable now, unsure what to do with a Steve who’s so open like this. "I'm trying to do it more, but you won't let me, most times."
"It was horrible. I'll leave it at that. You were furious, and you tried to kill Bucky. We fought, us two against you. I couldn't let you kill him." Steve looks distraught once more, but it doesn't do much to soften the blow of hearing that. "So I left you behind with a broken suit. Another mistake."
"I never really liked him, anyway," Steve says, just to widen Tony's smile.
"He's a genius," Nebula pipes in.
"Got it," he says instead, punching in the digits as the plane takes off. "Jay, you've got this?"
"You think I'll go after him." It was so obvious, and Steve all but confirmed it by breaking eye contact and looking at the floor.
"I was stupid to go to the meeting alone, I won't make that mistake again." Tony smiles and for the first time, he lets Steve see his fangs and the power he typically covers up. "Believe me, Steve, if I catch them they'll be sorry."
"Good idea. Lead the way, since I'm just as lost as I was last night."
After a day of cloaked surveillance and a scan of airwaves that shows nothing suspicious, Tony and Carol fly down to Avengers' tower. As soon as they touch the helipad, the defense system activates, pointing armament at them, and Tony hurries to speak up.
"Don't take unnecessary risks," Steve says.
"What?" Shocked, Steve goes from staring at Tony to checking their doubles interactions with his jaw almost unhinged, which is frankly pretty funny.
"The fire chick?"
When Steve steps out of the car, he hears laughter and high-pitched cries of joy. The immediate smile in reaction is impossible to stop: Morgan must be playing outside. Steve puts on his hat and gloves and investigates instead of knocking on the door.
"It doesn't have to be sisters, it was just a suggestion."
"Naps are for babies or old people," Tony says petulantly. His breath tickles. "I lost an hour and a half!"
Tony frowns. "You don't have to do those, you know. Even if the reporters are nice and have good intentions."
The absolutely gorgeous smile that had bloomed on Steve's face had been breathtaking. Tony had even wondered if it would be too much for his recently repaired heart, which seemed to miss a few beats here and there.
"Aww." Steve gently pets his head and back with a smile. "You are so cute and tiny."
"So you brought him back." Steve isn't surprised. Of course Tony wouldn't leave an innocent child on his own like that. It's the fact that he took the baby to the Tower and called Steve that is puzzling. "But why did you call me, and not Janet or Miss Potts?"
"Are you saying there's no coffee in space?" Tony puts a hand on his chest as if shocked and appalled (he is a little).
"Which brings me back to how disappointed I am that no one invited me," Tony says, pouting.
He even brings up his metal hand to touch Steve's two weeks old beard. "That's new. I like it, it suits you."
It takes a few minutes to wrap things up after that. Richards promises that he'll add security measures, so that the portal doesn't let anyone through unless they are wearing a homing device. Tony fully intends to come back and talk more about the tech and what they can learn from it, too. Reed uses it to study the Civil War events, but maybe it could be useful for the menace that Tony saw through the wormhole during the Battle of New York. It might also be a good means to discover more superheroes for the team.
"Who better than me?" Yon-Rogg smirks. "I know you, Anthony."
"You think?" his Steve adds, attention riveted to their doubles.
Steve reluctantly untangles himself from Tony and gets up. A good look at the distance and terrain is enough to know it's a challenge he cannot win, no formal physics knowledge needed. But Morgan looks elated, clapping her red mittens in anticipation, and Peter seems so excited too that Steve can't refuse.
the woman says.
The atmosphere is festive in the garden where they end up. What they couldn't see on the portal itself is that there's a string quartet plus a piano that are playing some Rachmaninoff. Tony's always loved him, and the group is talented. There's also a lot of chairs set up in perfect rows, complete with bouquets and a little stage up front. It is clearly a set up for a wedding, overhead flowery garlands included. In fact, a pretty brunette with a yellow summer has taken a microphone from the band's set up.
So Steve finally reunited with his buddy. Too bad he'll end up in jail for terrorism, unless his lawyers can prove that he's still brainwashed.
"Hey, Sheriff!"
In the box, the black kitten has started stirring, and soon starts meowing. It makes Tony smile. "She always has something to say."
"Of course! God, Tony," he says, soft and careful in the way that Tony missed so much (the Supreme Intelligence never got it right).
When Steve shuts the door behind them and stays with his back against it, the moment is charged. Tony immediately addresses the elephant—metaphorical and not a daemon this time—in the room.
He nearly let the conversation stop there. It had become habit by now to let this version of the team offer whatever information they wanted (which was so often candid and intensely personal stuff) while providing very little of himself. They let him get away with it with no signs but the occasional frown or quiet sigh proving that they were ever hoping for more. But if Tony was really going to try to be with these people, they’d tire of the inequality after awhile, and so would he.
Seconds later, Tony’s world was upended as Steve flipped them over, looming over Tony precisely the same way he had on the morning they’d come closest to this, before the alarm to assemble had gone off. Except this time Tony was stripped bare under Steve’s gaze, and Steve was taking full advantage of that fact, surveying Tony with such singular attention that he felt himself squirm under the regard. The wool-silk blend of Steve’s pants rubbed up against his naked thighs as Tony moved, and he huffed out a breath of surprised arousal at the way it felt to be on the other side of the clothed-in-bespoke-formalwear/naked dynamic.
