Seeing that smile back on his brother is good in the best way and a laugh suddenly bubbles up in Dean’s body as he watches the paper turn into ashes.
The only thing Sam can think to do in this situation is to close his eyes and hope it’ll be over soon.
Dean tries to swallow down the sudden dryness in his throat. “Yeah okay,” he manages to say intelligently and watches as Cas’s gentle smile disappears along with the rest of him, and Dean is left standing alone, tightly clutching the air in his left hand.
He could’ve sworn he left a copy of it on the table yesterday but Sam can’t find the script for the finale anywhere. He’ll have to check with Dean later and see if he might’ve left it in Jensen’s trailer.
Even without the arrows leading him, it’s easy for Dean to find his way around the Empty. He stops, short-breathed, when he finally catches sight of a familiar trench coat.
“So where do we start?” Sam asks, looking at the twenty different stacks of paper and picking one up at random.
Dean doesn’t have to think. In a second, he’s on Billie. His finger’s digging into her infected shoulder. Billie’s scream is agonizing and pierces through Dean’s ears. He feels a shift in her body when Cas successfully rips the scythe out of her grip.
It’s almost too easy to find Chuck. They’ve got him pinned against a wall before Chuck even so much gasps out a breath.
Dean notices Sam’s stoic expression. He looks up from the script to roll his eyes at Sam. “Oh, c’mon Sammy, you don’t actually think that’s how it’s going to play out, right? A fucking nail?”
“We’re ready to film the scene between Sam and Eileen now if you want to follow me to the other set.”
The next person to step out of the group and approach them is an old man with white hair and bold spots, button-up, and script in hand. Sam doesn’t like the sight of him at all. The man looks too familiar for Sam not to feel nauseous.
Sam scoffs and starts walking around the trailer again, like a caged tiger unsure of what to do, unable to do anything. “I want to read the script for the scene we just did.”
Eileen huffs out a disbelieving laugh. “So we’re just going to fight to go back to a world that’s trying to kill us? Are you even listening to yourself, Sam? This is our second chance.”
Andrew disappears back into the hallway and Dean starts flipping through the pages of the script. With every page, the wrinkles on Dean's forehead deepen and his mouth is slightly agape until he reaches the last page completely wide-eyed and mouth open in shock.
Sam waits until they hear the bathroom door lock and the sink getting turned on before heleans over the table. “What the hell, Dean?”
Dean opens his eyes and looks at Sam for help. They really didn’t put much thought into this plan before executing it.
"It did. I'm not sure what happened. One moment I'm listening to the Empty complaining about the noise and the next moment I'm in a bed with a woman."
“Let’s just play along with it, okay? If he’s not Cas he’ll slip up eventually and we can take advantage of that.”
That basically answers all subsequent questions Sam had planned on asking. “It’s weird isn’t it?” Sam says instead, to which Dean gives a short nod.
Dean grabs him into a tight hug and lets his chin rest against Cas’s shoulder, his cheek pressed against Cas’s jaw. "I've had enough practice saving your ass over the past few days," Dean mumbles, lips brushing over Cas’s ear before Dean pulls back and breaks the hug.
The phone unlocks and Sam lets go of the breath he’s been holding. His heart continues pumping violently in his chest as the
Sam’s heart begins to beat faster and his palms become warm and sweaty. He pushes his hands into his jeans pocket and walks over to the set of brunette hair Sam has gone far too many days without seeing.
The silence that settles in the Impala feels even more oppressive than before. Thankfully, it doesn't take long for Cas to break the silence again.
“I’ll bake you a pie if you can do it in seven takes,” Sam teases with Schadenfreude. That’s not to say he doesn’t feel bad for Dean, because Sam would probably die of embarrassment if he was in Dean’s shoes right now. However, sympathy pushed aside, if Dean messes up often enough, Sam reckons there’s a good chance they won’t have time to film Sam’s scene this afternoon.
“Just, uh, just some stuff.” Alex dodges the question and picks up a retractable pen from Andrew’s desk. He clicks it open, then clicks it again to retract it.
“What is it?” Sam’s anger at Chuck is temporarily thrown off by curiosity and he goes to stand next to Dean and looms over Cas’ other shoulder.
Dean doesn’t even turn his head. He keeps his eyes trained on Rob and tightens the grip around Rob’s shoulders, pushing him further against the wall.
The tension between Dean and Cas over supper is not only palpable, but also extremely awkward to be in for Sam. By now you’d think he’d be used to the constant glaring and hopeful side glances but it never gets any easier to ignore.
By the time Dean wakes him from his nap, Sam’s sitting at the table staring at Jared’s phone, pushing the button to turn the lock screen back on every thirty seconds. After a one-hour phone call with Gen and his three way-too-easily-lovable-not-your-real-kids-Sam!, Sam has found out enough information about this world that it’s making his head spin.
Cas’ eyes flicker to Dean, his expression unsure. Dean, ever so slightly, nods his head and Cas leaves the trailer with Alex.
Dean ignores his comment and carries both of their plates to the table. Sam looks at him pointedly until Dean sighs and rolls his eyes again.
“I’m just here as a back-up.” Sam tries to shoot Cas another dirty look but Cas has his back turned to him, busy talking to a man who seems to be giving him instructions.
When Sam unlocks the trailer, Castiel takes a seat on the couch and doesn’t look up when Sam plops down beside him.
Dean grumbles something incoherently but slides his hand into the back pocket of his jeans and pulls out Jensen’s phone. Dean unlocks the phone first before handing it over to Sam.
“Yeah,” Sam agrees quietly. “Jack’s got most of the other universes back running. Made sure there was a vaccine for the one we were trapped in.”
“Well, fake Cas got stabbed last time we were here, remember?”  Dean doesn’t look up from the script, his eyes still reading line after line. “Must still be a dude cause it says
Rob takes a sip of his beer and furrows his eyebrows in thought. “Just a few days ago. I think we were shooting that scene at the beach.”
Before Sam can answer, a woman grabs him and pulls him into a chair. She immediately starts brushing his hair and slapping something cold and wet on his face.
Chuck is still there and shoots a friendly smile in Sam’s direction and then Chuck turns around and gets into a black SUV with Jack.
A second later Dean finds himself pinned against the wall with Cas protectively standing in front of him.
“We interrupting something?” Dean grins and walks over to Cas, casually throwing an arm over Cas’ shoulder.
That catches Sam by surprise, he didn’t expect Dean to admit to his feelings so easily. Dean doesn’t look at Sam, but stares intently at the TV guide, flipping through all the programs as if he’s looking for something in particular.
Sam can only grin in response. He finishes the rest of his beer and looks outside the little window of the trailer. The rain has stopped and it’s starting to get dark out. It’s the perfect time to grab some fresh air.
Sam’s ribcage expands until air flows freely through his body again, the bruises on his kneecaps fade away, and the blood in his mouth stops tasting like iron and more like… corn syrup?
“Dean! That’s not Chuck, we got the wrong guy!” Sam shouts just as Andrew storms over and pulls Dean away from Rob.
“Somehow I’m getting a strange sense of déjà vu here, Dean,” Sam says, bending over slightly to whisper the words in his brother’s ear, careful so the strangers won’t hear him.
Sam glances down at their entwined fingers and the way the wedding band on his ring finger sparkles in the sun. The guilt Sam feels at the sight is overshadowed by something worse.
Ruby’s voice on the other line gets soft and Sam can practically hear the smile on her lips. “Oh hey honey, I just tried to call you on your phone.”
“Cold pizza?” Dean stands by the open fridge, holding a white cardboard box in his hand. He’s grinning at Sam, mouth already filled with a slice.
The script Cas has been studying for the past hour is frantically waved in the air and Cas looks at them with a grave expression on his face.
.” Dean feels physical pain as he forces the words through his teeth. “Playing us on that stupid TV show.”
“Dean, stop it!” It’s Sam yelling not Cas. So much for a fucking reunion. Sam gets up from the table and tries to pull Dean away from Cas.
Dean fishes the script back out and reads over his first line again. Sam watches Dean mouth the words and, okay, Sam is starting to feel a bit bad for Dean.
Eileen to be here. Hell, Sam still hasn’t fully grasped the fact that they’re in this universe, let alone have Eileen suddenly appear in front of him. It’s making Sam’s head spin.
Sam stands up, feeling no pain in his body other than sore muscles and exhaustion. He quickly crosses the short distance to where Dean is currently getting up on his feet.
Sam reads through every article. He reads the script of the final two episodes until he’s remembered every line. When Dean wakes up from his passed-out nap and joins Sam at the table, it’s six in the morning and Sam’s a fucking mess.
. Sam wonders if it’s really her or just the actress playing Eileen. Sam reckons that if Castiel was brought here from the Empty, then there’s a good chance Eileen will be here too.
Sam would roll his eyes at that statement, but he’s determined to catch even the slightest movement Chuck makes. Sam keeps his gazed fixed on the pair of stale blue eyes and scruffy beard.
“Something I didn’t get the chance to say before the Empty took you. Something I should’ve said to you a long time ago,” Dean fumbles and bites down on his lip. “I
“I mean,” Jack continues, “I’ve only been on this show for a few seasons. I can’t imagine what it must be like for you. Fifteen years. Crazy to see it end like this.”
"That can't be right," Alex mutters and rips a random page from the script out of Dean's hand. "No, that's impossible."
To say Sam feels uncomfortable would be an understatement. He gets up from his chair and grabs his coat.
Sam, in the meantime, sits down in one of the chairs. There’s a rolled-up paper sitting on the table that he picks up with curiosity. A sense of foreboding runs through Sam’s body as he starts to read:
trailer. He begins to walk around the trailer, opening up every cabinet in the stainless-steel kitchen until he successfully holds a full bottle of Canadian whiskey in his hand.
"Relaax Dean. I was hoping you would learn something from this experience. I mean, did you really think I didn't know about your plan for Jack to suck up my powers? I'm God.” The breeze picks up at those words and a shiver runs over Sam’s entire body. Chuck continues as if nothing happened: “I don't think the two of you really understand the concept of what that means. I
Instead of waiting for them to ask, Chuck smiles broadly around the three and gives a little spin on his axis to show off his new outfit
Following that scene, there’s a full page of the three arguing over who will go down to the Empty. Sam skims over it and briefly wonders if that’s how he actually talks.
I know it's not the weekend yet, but I neglected a few responsibilities and, with everything going on, writing this is actually very therapeutic. The word sizzling is thrown in there for extra measures. There's also a somewhat heartfelt scene I wrote while listening to jolly Christmas music so if you're not sure how to feel while reading it, that's why.
Sam watches his brother carefully. Dean’s nostrils flare up as Misha moves past him. Dean closes his eyes for a split second, then he shakes his head and slams the door shut. His knuckles poke out white, the grip around the knob tight enough to strangle a person.
“He’s also in another country right now and production is already behind enough as it is. It’s completely unnecessary to fly Misha out here, Jensen. Castiel’s story is wrapped up.”
Dean still has his hand on Jack’s shoulder and, at those words, his grip tightens. Dean does the unthinkable and lets go of Cas’s hand, using it to pull Jack closer to him and into a quick hug.
There’s a moment of silence that passes between the two brothers. Sam watches as Dean’s body goes rigid, as he squints his eyes shut and balls his hands into fists. Dean takes a deep breath and pulls himself off the couch.
“What now, Sam?” Dean snaps from where he’s sprawled out on the leather couch doing absolutely nothing other than staring at the white ceiling of the trailer.
There’s a copy of the script waiting for him on the coffee table and Sam picks it up with a sigh. Supernatural 15x19
One of the fallbacks of being friends with an angel is that they’re human behaviors are learned from observation and repeated exposure. Most of what Castiel has learned about dealing with emotions and talking about his feelings, he’s learned from Dean. As such, the walk to Jared’s trailer is filled with Castiel sulking quietly away and Sam feeling like a failed parent.
Admittedly, it actually feels very nice. The cream on Sam’s face is cool and refreshing and whatever’s been put into his hair smells amazing. The woman’s hands on his face are soft and gentle. Although  Sam’s never been to a spa, he imagines this is the closest he’ll ever come to it.
Sam pulls out Jared’s phone and checks the time on the lock screen. The kids in the pictures smile at him and Sam realizes he misses them. A one-hour phone call with a group of strangers and Sam misses all of them.
“I’m sorry,” Sam swallows done the words and fights the urge to ask. Sam knows the answer anyway. Hopefully, Dean does too.
Dean can hear Castiel sigh. "I thought it would. The emptiness never took me, so I don't know. I thought loving you was the happiest I could ever be."
Dean finds himself stumbling and speaking with his heart pumping in his throat: “I love you, Cas. Never really let myself think of us this way because, well, who would’ve thought, right? But I’m sick of watching you die and going through life finding things I miss about you that shouldn’t even remind me of you. But then they do. And all the things we haven’t tried yet haunt me when you’re not around. And I- I wanna try, Cas.”
There’s something about Cas’s smile that gives away more than his words do. Dean’s eyebrows furrow for a moment and then his expression turns sour before spreading into a smile again.
“I- I feel different.” Jack looks at Chuck but leaves the obvious question unspoken, hanging over them in the stifling air.
The sight of Dean mercilessly ripping the air out of Jack’s lungs isn’t even that strange compared with the rest of the situation and Sam immediately feels ashamed of that thought. Dean’s only doing this because it’s Chuck. It doesn’t matter whose body he’s in.
“I’m sorry I couldn’t get here sooner. Crossing the border took a bit longer than expected.” Misha takes a seat next to Sam and longingly eyes the stir-fry on Sam’s plate.
There's so much, Dean realizes, so much Castiel hasn't experienced yet. Dean's had his fair share of love and heartbreaks, but Cas has never been through any of it.
Dean simply adds 'Kill the Empty' to his list of things to do and only for a second, does Dean allow himself to think about what he'll say to Cas when they beat the empty.
As soon as Rob is freed, he runs off with Andrew following closely behind him. “Rob wait! Let’s talk about this. We’ll get HR involved but let’s keep this from the public.” Sam hears Andrew chasing after Rob.
Sam holds up the script and shows it to Dean. “This is about Chuck making everyone disappear. Cas’ uhm, Cas’ death is described in here.”
Sam successfully locates the hummus he’d bought yesterday and puts it on the counter. “What I don’t get is, why did the script change in the first place?”
Dean raises an eyebrow but keeps the rest of his face completely stoic as if his life depended on him not showing any emotions. "And we’re supposed to believe that? How do we know you're not Chuck?"
“Jensen, slight change in the script: Before we film the rescue scene, we’re gonna add a scene where Dean runs around the Empty looking for Castiel. Just follow the arrows and we should get this done in one take.”
After Dean’s liquor run and Sam’s insisted grocery run (“You don’t know long we’ll be here for, Dean. We can’t just live off beer and take-out”), they arrive back at Dean’s trailer feeling exhausted and overwhelmed.
The words want to be said and the words pull themselves tightly around Dean's chest. Cautiously, Dean tries to explain the problem to Cas as objectively as he can. "Happiness needs to be shared, Cas. Love... it's not a one-sided thing."
Dean stares at the phone, thumb hovering over Misha’s name. Dean looks over to Sam, his eyes wide and scared.
Sam puts the script down. He looks up to see Dean take a big swig of the whiskey while rummaging through the mini-fridge.
Dressed in their usual plaid and leaving a trail of cosmetic products behind them with every step, Sam makes sure that Cas is the first person to enter through the door that leads to today’s set.
Cas shakes his head and takes hold of both Dean’s hands in his. Dean grudgingly allows his fingers to be intertwined with Cas’s.
Dean grudgingly loosens his grip enough for Chuck’s reddened face to stop from turning purple. A few more coughs fill the silence as Chuck tries to clear his lungs and normalize his breathing.
Suddenly, Dean's face twists with rage and he slams his fist against the table, hard enough for some of his beer to spill out of the can and onto the table. “Who are you?” Dean yells, “You’re not Misha, so who the fuck are you?”
“You really think it’s the real Cas?” Sam asks, switching the topic just enough to get Dean to respond.
Sam doesn’t even make it through his first cup of coffee before he inevitably breaks. “Dude, you know I read the script, right?”
That question seems to fill Andrew up with excitement and he jumps out of his chair and starts pacing around the room like a ball full of energy. “He doesn’t! You see, it’s an accident, like when we killed off Mary. Jack is so guilt-ridden he then hides in another universe and Chuck goes back to being a BAMF god. Genius, right? And it allows us to make Destiel happen without having to pull Castiel from the Empty. It’s a win-win for everyone.”
“You stupid idiot,” Sam mumbles and picks up the bottle. By the time Sam has cleaned up the spill, he’s astonishingly calmer than he’d expected to be.
Sam feels like he’s sneaked a peek at Dean’s diary and he quickly turns to the next page while his cheeks steadily turn redder.
Dean lets go of Sam’s shoulder and takes a step back, pulls his hands over his face, smearing more make-up in the process. “I- I don’t know.” There’s a blush creeping up Dean’s neck and he avoids eye contact. “Maybe a couple hours or so. Wanted to make sure you were home.”
Just then, Andrew's phone rings loudly and he pulls it out of his jeans pocket. "Excuse me, guys, but I gotta take this."
Dean shuts the door behind her and takes a long sip. “Wait, so you’re you? How do you know we’re us?”
Andrew looks at him confused, then his face changes and he points a finger at Sam. "HA! Good one. Two episodes left and you think we should just leave Cas in the empty? HA!"
Sam facepalms at his own stupidity and he can hear Dean groan and slam the beer can down on the table.
Jared’s trailer, as it turns out, is right next to Jensen’s and they’re furnished almost exactly the same: Couch, plasma TV, wooden table, four chairs, modern kitchen, queen size bedroom, and a three fixture bathroom.
Cas’ expression changes to full-on disappointment at Sam, then Cas seems to have a better idea and he turns to Andrew.
“Sam’s right,” Dean says. As he’s holding Chuck down with one hand, Dean pulls something sharp out of his back pocket. It’s a small Swiss knife and Dean pops it open and holds it against Chuck’s throat. “Bring us back to our world, or-”
They stop once at a gas station. The fresh night air does little to Dean's ever-racing thought-stream but it does finalize his decision.
Dean grabs Castiel by his collar and drags him until Cas' back hits against the wall with a dull thud.
None of this feels real. Part of Dean is half-convinced it’s just Chuck fucking with his head again. His heart is filled with fear and worry and Dean is content with that. He’s not about to make room for his patiently waiting hope to enter and take over.
“Watcha looking for, Sammy? If we need another key to get out of this universe, I don’t think it’s gonna be in this trailer.”
Dean’s heard enough versions of goodbye’s to not recognize this one. His thoughts are spinning, his heart’s racing and he’s not sure what he’s supposed to feel right now. Fear, love, regret. Dean decides to settle for anger.
“You wanna go for a walk?” Sam suggests, needing the fresh air and wanting to talk to Eileen in private.
“I’m gonna miss getting you boys pretty. Glad shooting’s back though,” the woman says conversationally and Sam gives her a polite smile.
“Such a relief,” Dean comments sarcastically and puts the bottle back on his lips for round two. “Let me guess, the script ends with us reading it.”
Andrew stares at him, silent fury building up in his body. “Just what in the worlds of fucks was that?”
Castiel puts the picture back on the table and finally makes eye contact with Sam. "I don't think I've ever been without a family. When I was in heaven, I considered the other angels my brothers, and when I sent to earth, it was always you and Dean. And now... I suppose I have a new family.”
Sam grits his teeth and tries to ignore the sensation of his rip cage slowly being pulled inwards. They just need to distract Chuck. At least until Jack absorbs enough of his powers. No fighting, no surviving required. As long as they can give Jack enough time to juice up and take Chuck down, this will be a win for Team Free Will.
Trapped between Dean and a wall, Chuck stays completely frozen and doesn’t even try to wiggle out of Dean’s grip. His wide-eyes frantically switch from Dean to Sam to Cas and back to Dean.
Sam’s cheeks flush involuntarily and he turns the picture over, playing with one of the metal clasps of the frame. “I, uh, I read the script. Everything we’ve ever done is pretty much word-for-word in there.”
“And you’re absolutely sure that’s him?” Dean asks for the fifth time and Sam tries to reassure himself with every nod he gives Dean in return.
“You are the most caring man on earth. You are the most selfless, loving, human being I will ever know. And ever since we met and ever since I pulled you out of hell, knowing you has changed me.”
Castiel traps Dean against the wall, his back pressing warm and suffocating against Dean’s chest. Billie doesn’t have much power left in her, that much is obvious. Her attempt at drawing Cas away from Dean is just another proof of that. There’s only enough juice left in her to kill one of them.
Dean smiles and keeps driving and he doesn't think about the weight on his chest. He doesn't think about the eleven years he's wasted. He doesn't think about the Empty and Cas.
Dean's face scrunches up in anger and his grip around Chuck tightens, almost lifting him off the floor.
As warm and physically relaxing as the hot water on his skin feels, however, Sam’s thoughts are anything but. After just two minutes, Sam dries himself off with a towel and slips into a pair of sweatpants before settling on the couch.
A short woman with brown hair and a black mask runs over to Sam and Dean and hands them both a white cottony mask.
“Andrew said he wanted to see you, Mish,” Alex tells Cas sharply, the big smile he gave Sam completely washed off his face.
Sam risks opening his eyes again and looks at Chuck. Chuck is dressed in all black and Jack, in the distance, is covered in white.
The punch Sam delivers to Chuck’s jawline almost breaks Sam’s knuckles and sends him flying. He can feel the air being sucked out of him and his insides getting crushed and ripped apart. The pain that shoots through Sam’s kneecaps on impact of hitting the rocky sand feels minuscule compared to the torture Chuck executes with the slightest wave of his hand.
“You think that hate and anger that’s what drives you, that’s what you are. It’s not. And everyone who knows you sees it.”
When Dean only response is furiously blinking at him, Cas sighs and tries to start over: “Dean, you’re human-”
Dean shrugs his shoulder and gives him a sweet smile. “Someone’s gotta do your job.” He pockets his phone and stands up. “Let’s go, Sammy.”
Sam is quick to lift his head again and bring a smile to his lips. “I’m fine.” He motions at the pan of stir-fry sitting on the counter, “Help yourself, Dean cooked plenty-”
Sam might not be an expert in film production, but he's pretty sure actors send to makeup are meant to film a scene afterwards.
“You’ve shown me love in a myriad of ways, Dean. If one of us ever tires of hearing those words, we’ll just have to learn to say it in a different way.”
From where Sam is sitting, he can’t see who’s standing outside the trailer. All Sam can see is Dean standing frozen in place, staring at whoever is there.
“Me neither,” Sam echoes. He’s pretty certain that fake Chuck is just an actor but it would also be a Chuck thing to write himself a role into this universe. “Then again, if Chuck did follow us into this dimension, he could be anybody and we’d have no way of knowing.”
Jack nods solemnly. “Just a few more days of shooting and then this will all be taken down. I still haven’t cleared out my trailer. Everything’s just happening so fast.”
Sam and Dean obey, too dumbstruck to think of a reason not to. The woman leaves satisfied and goes back to join the group of strangers.
“I know,” Sam admits quietly. As much as he doesn’t want to think about it, Dean’s right. They need to find a way back to their own universe.
Dean mumbles something and walks over to the kitchen. He opens the upper cabinet that’s next to the fridge and grabs one of the three bottles of whiskey they got at the liquor store.
Sam rolls his eyes at them and picks up the 15x19 script that’s laying on the table. He flips through it out of habit but nothing seems to have changed since last night.
Dean spends the rest of the day drinking while Sam searches the internet for anything that might be of use to them.
“This isn’t my family,” Sam interrupts and as he says the words, something cracks inside of him and he realizes that what he said is true. Gen, the kids, this life. It’s not Sam’s.
When Dean comes back from the washroom, Cas has already filled up the tank and is waiting for him in the passenger seat.
Dean fumbles. Long seconds pass where Dean takes deep breaths and calms himself down, figures out what the fuck to do now.
“When we were at the beach, I saw Chuck snap his fingers before we got catapulted here,” Dean admits quietly.
Sam does a quick sweep of the place, lingers a little bit too long on the family pictures framed on the dresser, and then decides to take a quick shower.
Without waiting for Sam’s answer, Alex walks straight past Sam and inside. His eyes immediately fall on Cas and Dean, not failing to take in the close proximity in which the two are standing to another in the kitchen.
“You know all the stuff you said, Sam? It surprisingly wasn’t a complete waste of time to listen to. In fact, it gave me an idea.”
“He doesn’t have to be in the script, goddammit!” Dean exclaims. “He just needs to be here, okay? I just need to see him.”
What's that? A hat. Crazy, funky, junky hat? No, it's a chapter full of fluff! I'm procrastinating writing the ending of this so there's a final chapter coming at some point to you in the near future. For now, I've decided that Dean put "Thank You" on his Led Zeppelin mixtape. There's a reference to it in this chapter so I would give the lyrics a quick read-through. I also never wrote an actual script in my life and the reason there are so many script scenes in this fic is because I wanted to have Dean/Cas moments without changing perspectives or having Sam present. I didn't really think that through when I started this story but it is what it is now, I guess.
Dean’s knees buckle in relief, but Castiel manages to keep him upright. “Thanks,” he mutters under his breath. “I’d like that, Jack, but I don’t think I’m in good enough shape to go much further right now.”
Dean’s grin returns. “This will be ready in an hour and a half.” He makes a shooing gesture, pointing Cas towards the front door. “So you’d better go work up an appetite.”
Heat rises in Cas’ cheeks, but he shrugs. “Something like that.” Winking, he heads up the stairs to Dean’s apartment, finding it unlocked as promised.
Claire tosses her head as she swings up into her saddle, but doesn’t push back, so Dean counts that as a win. He holds Impala steady while Jack mounts up, fixing her with a stern stare. “You be nice,” he says into her ear. “We like the prince, alright?”
Cas nods stiffly. “Yes, of course. Normally I would offer to leave until it’s passed, but considering the restrictions in place--”
Dean can’t fault for her not understanding the precarious situation he and Castiel are in. “We could,” he admits. “But while we swore oaths to Jack and Claire, to keep them safe and to obey them, we’re also bound by the laws of the kingdoms and the word of the queen.”
Cas breathes a sigh of relief and pauses to take in his surroundings. The house is small, but it’s cozy without being cramped. An open living area and kitchen space greet him, and he can see a few open doors down the hall that must lead to bedrooms and a bathroom. Everything is tidy and clean, only a few indications that someone actually lives here: an empty coffee mug in the sink, one  tattered book lying on the couch.
Dean feels like he’s been sleepwalking his entire life, and now he’s awake.  He knows without knowing that Cas feels the same way.
The sound of John’s voice makes Dean jump.  He turns to see his father leaning against the kitchen doorway.  He’s got a few days worth of stubble on him and his shirt has definitely seen better, less stained days, but at least he looks sober.  More or less.
He tears his eyes away from the sight of his father taking his last breath and focuses on the fight.  He keeps moving, even as he can feel the blood coating his skin like rain.  It drips down his face and into his eyes, he half expects his vision to turn red, but really it just burns.  Hands grab at him as he blinks his eyes clear, pulling at him, and he hits the floor hard, knocking the breath from his lungs.
There’s a brief, hungry expression on Alistair’s face, and then he’s moving towards Cas with long strides.  His grip on the knife is sure.  He makes it a few steps before Cas reaches out towards him.  His human hand once again slides back into black smoke, this time forming something like a spear, long and sharp.  It covers the distance between Cas and Alistair without him needing to take a step.  Alistair is just starting to let out a roar when Cas’ arm reaches him, sliding between his ribs like a ship’s prow sluicing through the water and emerging on the other side, sticking out between his shoulder blades.
Undulating rolls of black smoke reach out towards him.  One wraps around Dean’s throat, constricting it further, while more wrap around each of his arms and legs, pinning him down to the bed.  Castiel is leaning over him now, face inches from Dean’s, and up closely he can see even more of an outline of Castiel’s features.  How his eyebrows are furrowed, like he’s concerned.  Dean wants to take a deep breath, but no air is going to come, so he holds himself still.  Castiel continues to lean down until there’s no space left between them and Dean can feel wisps of the creature licking at the air around his face.  The bottom of his face starts to stretch, and becomes a tendril of its own.  It slides over Dean’s mouth, slick like hot butter, and then expands to cover his eyes.
The man doesn’t look afraid as stands up.  He should, but he doesn’t.  He just wipes more blood from his face onto his sleeve and draws himself up to his full height. When he speaks, it’s still the voice of a man who believes he will live forever.
He complies, letting his eyelids fall shut and concentrating on the sensation.  His hips are still rolling into the there-but-not-there feeling of Cas pressing down on him.  He digs his fingers into Cas’ hips, and that feels so human, like skin and bone and sweat.  He imagines opening his eyes to see Cas fully-formed above him.
As the pieces fall into place in his mind, Dean gets the sensation that they’re not alone in the room anymore.  His breath blows out cold, a fog in front of his face, and the chill ripples through his body.
Alistair backhands John mid-sentence and his head lurches sideways, spit flying from his mouth.  The man reaches out with the same hand and drags the gag back up so John can’t talk anymore.
It’s early still, but he knows there’s no hope of getting back to sleep, so he might as well get started on the day.  He drags his body out of bed with a yawn and tries to shake the stiffness from his limbs.  It’s getting late in the year and there’s a real chill in the mornings, but he knows he’ll warm up as soon as he starts working.
“I’ll say it one more time, John,” the sinister man growls, “I want my money.  You owe me, and if you don’t pay me, I’m going to have to take it out of your hide.”
Dean closes his eyes and starts to whisper to Castiel.  It feels like a prayer, sending his words out into the ether.  His breath is still fogging in front of him and he hopes more than anything that means Cas is close.  He’s steeling himself to open his eyes and take action, when he feels fingers digging into his bicep.
“Yeah,” he tries to put some conviction into it and comes up with half a smile, “just a little tired.”
When he makes it to the kitchen, in an unpredictable turn of events, the scene in front of him is calm and domestic.  Sam is sitting at the table, a plate of fried eggs and toast between his elbows, and John is leaning against the counter, mostly dressed and holding a cup of coffee that possibly doesn’t even have bourbon in it.
That night John still doesn’t come home, and Dean dreams again.  He opens his eyes to find himself lying in his bed, in this other skin, in this other time.  He’s distantly aware that he should probably be frightened by all this, but he feels wonderful when he’s far away from his own problems and his own life, safe in someone else’s body.  It’s as if the man were wrapped around him, holding him tight.  Protected.  Precious.
An inhuman roar fills the air, and he’s distantly aware that he’s the one making it.  He sees Alistair’s face snap back, blood spilling from his nose, and realizes he must have head-butted the man.  The henchmen take a moment to track what’s happening but then they jump into action, reaching for Dean to pull him away from Alistair.  They grab at him but he’s moving like a wild animal, scratching and kicking as much as he’s throwing punches. He tastes salt and iron as someone splits his lip, but he keeps going.  Alistair’s voice is the only thing that brings him back to reality.
For a second it seems like his fingers will slip through the smoke, but then Castiel pushes his body down into Dean’s, still straddling him but now flush with his hips rather than his chest.  A groan rips itself from Dean’s throat at the sensation of it and his fingertips grip flesh.
John shrugs, “Who knows.  If you’re thinking they might have left something valuable behind, don’t bother.  They were a bunch of religious fanatics, real culty, crazy types, probably more into warding away demons than keeping material possessions.”
It starts with his reflection in a mirror, except it’s the man’s face staring back at him.  He’s tanned, with delicate features, and Dean’s about to look more closely when their body turns away from the mirror.  Dean can’t control their movements.  He’s not sure if the man is really here or if he’s just stuck in some kind of memory loop, echoing through his brain.  Either way, he steels himself.  He’s determined to see where this goes.
he thinks as loudly as he can. The steady roll of his hips into Cas is starting to make him feel insane.
The noise is abrupt and startles even himself, but it seems to do the trick and the wire relaxes its grip.  He’s not screaming anymore, but he’s making high-pitched, frightened animal noises with each breath, scrabbling with his left hand to pull the wire off of his right, feet looking for purchase to get back down the ladder.
Dean tries to pull his limbs in and leverage himself off the ground, making a halfhearted reach for his abandoned shirt.  He stops when John’s boot presses his hand down into the floor, hard.
“Yes, sir,” he says as he pushes back from the table, trying not to trip over his feet in the process, “I’ll go get started on the wood pile.”
By the time his breath returns to him, any feeling of a presence near him is gone.  He’s dazed, and he’s not completely sure what just happened.  His brain shutters at the thought of trying to piece it all together, so he just hauls himself to his feet, brushing the dirt and leaves from his pants, and heads back towards the house.
Dean doesn’t know what to say.  He doesn’t want to say anything, so he just stares.  And Cas stares back.  And they push into each other like they’re trying to inhabit the same form again.  Dean flicks his tongue out to moisten his lips and catches Castiel’s lips in the process.  A shudder runs through them both at the sensation. Dean pushes his tongue out again, more deliberately, and Cas meets it with his own.  It’s slick and hot and there’s the coppery taste of blood, and Dean feels like he might burn up from the inside with how good it feels.  They stand there for another moment, kissing, tongues a decadent slide, pulling at each other’s skin.  When they break for breath, Dean realizes this is the first time he’s felt Cas’ hot, human breath on him, instead of a cold gust of death.
John sputters something around the gag until the man takes pity on him and pulls it out of his mouth.
and pull his eyelids closed.  They tug at the corner of his mouth and slip inside, smooth, like they belong there.  Dean feels at peace.
The feeling is especially strong right now.  It’s dusk, nighttime really, but there’s still a scrap of light left in the day so Dean is outside, up on his ladder, working on that damn fence.  He and Sammy had patched the hole fine, but then they realized the gate’s hinges were rusted half off.  And then they realized that the lock was cracked.  And then the property owner had insisted they add barbed wire to the entire fence-line to help discourage vandals.  And then, and then, and then.
Tendrils of smoke run all over Dean’s body in small caresses.  He can see it as Cas’ form strengthens, see his features appear in the black pit of a face, until he looks almost human.  Or as human as a seething black mass can look.
The tendrils caressing his thighs hold them spread, wide, and more smoke moves forward, slipping between his cheeks and pushing into him.  He feels his body relax around the intrusion.  The sensation of being held combined with the visceral sparks of pleasure is making his head spin, and there’s nothing coming out of him now except choked whimpers and desperate noises.  Castiel’s form feels hard and slick now where he’s touching Dean.
The first night that John doesn’t come home is the first night that Dean dreams about the man.  He thought the creature might return, but it’s not that, it’s the man whose reflection has been following him.  Dean opens his eyes, and he knows he’s in a dream, the same way he knows it’s not a dream, but more like a memory.  He just knows.  The man will show him.
, surrounding him, holding him, filling him up. He feels more tendrils fill his mouth, moving in and out, while one strokes his cheek with affection.  His eyes are still closed, and the thought of seeing it as well as feeling it is overwhelming.  Cas’ body thrusts into him faster and harder than before, and Dean’s breath is escaping him in wet, choked rasps, slipping out around the parts of Cas that are filling his mouth.  He feels like his body is going to tear in two from the sensation of it all, and it’s wonderful.
He’s eventually able to pull together enough wherewithal to answer, and there’s a tremor in his voice as he speaks, still inches from Castiel’s face.
Dean obeys, reaching up with his hands, grasping the smoke where Cas’ hips should be.  He feels his stomach twist with something he can’t really name, and there’s a fire burning low in his belly.
The next couple of nights, John is blessedly absent around the house.  If you asked him, he’d undoubtedly say it was because he was mad at Dean, but they both knew that he’ll take any excuse to jump liver-first into a bender.  John never tells the boys where he goes, and they never ask.  He always comes home reeking of booze and out of money, which paints enough of a picture.  Dean’s not worried about John though.  No matter how angry he is with his father sometimes, he knows the man is unstoppable.  Nothing could ever hurt John Winchester.  He’ll roll back in when he feels like it.
So Dean is up on his ladder, coiling barbed wire.  He has half a dozen nicks and scrapes from the wire already, and between the stinging pain of the cuts, the deep ache of his body and the fucking chill in the air, he’s had enough.  It’s time to call it a day.
He creeps down the stairs, trying to get a picture of the situation before John realizes he’s awake.  There’s a million possible scenarios running through his head, most of them based on exhausting personal experience, but what he sees is something he never would have predicted.
It’s the noise that wakes him up. There’s a series of crashes, and the sound of men yelling filters through from downstairs.  He had been dreaming, and half expected to wake up with Cas’ arms wrapped around him, but he’s alone.  Christ, maybe he really has lost his mind.  But then he exhales and sees his breath fog in front of him, and he knows that Cas is still there.  He feels himself untwist.
Castiel swallows roughly, looking down at the will once more. He clears his throat, his voice strained when he speaks again. “And should we choose to return to London, what will become of the house and the servants?”
He almost makes it to the door, his hand once again on the small of Lisa’s back, before he looks back. Cas is watching him, his expression unreadable. Dean stares at him, chest tight, and wishes he were brave enough to go over and say something. An apology, an explanation, anything. But he isn’t going to impose himself on Cas, especially now that it looks like he’s moving on with his life.
But Billie shook her head, lips pursed. “That is certainly possible, Sergeant Turner. However--” She looked at Castiel, and he shivered at the terrible compassion in her gaze. “I do not believe it is so.”
“We’ll see.” Balthazar glances slyly at him, a familiar expression that immediately has Cas on alert. “What about you?”
He’s someone who fits into Dean’s life in ways he never dreamed possible, someone who has seen him at his worst and still found him worthy. Someone he wants his mother to know, someone he wants to build a life with.
It’s a tempting idea. Jimmy and Claire have been doing much better ever since that party a few weeks ago, leaning on each other and leaving Cas with less to shoulder. Maybe he could take a few days to go back to Seattle, get some things in order. “I’ll think about it,” he promises.
Castiel nods again. He’s still holding the first flower, tiny and delicate in his large, capable hand. Slowly, he extends his hand towards Dean, not meeting his eyes.
By the time they both finished their breakfasts, no one else had joined them. Castiel was now quite convinced this was a deliberate scheme, and he was certain Balthazar was the instigator. It would be just like him. Forcing a smile to his face, he stood and gestured to the door. “I believe it will be just the two of us once again.” He paused, frowning. “Unless you prefer to wait--”
Dean shakes his head. They’ve had this argument before. Sam used to be more supportive, used to at least pretend to understand why he needed to do things this way, but lately, he’s been more and more vocal about it being a bad idea. “This isn’t anything I haven’t heard before, Sammy.”
“And your job brought you back here, where I just happened to be coming for lunch?” Sam’s eyebrow climbs even higher. “I find that hard to believe.”
Scanning the area, Dean catches sight of a familiar dark head back in the entrance chamber. “Wait here,” he tells Jack and Claire, then jogs over to where Castiel is standing, arms crossed behind his back as he stares up at the portrait on the wall.
Responding to his cue, Balthazar opened the image on his phone. Castiel stared down into the face of the vampire who had created all this uncertainty, startled at its ordinariness. There was nothing particularly charismatic, attractive, or even memorable about Marv’s features. A gleam of sly intelligence in his eyes, perhaps, but that was all.
Castiel dropped his chin into his hand and felt a flush rising in his cheeks. Really, he ought to put a stop to this, for the sake of the ladies-- but Mrs. Hanscum joined in with true enthusiasm and clear familiarity with the lyrics, Miss Turner played on with remarkable composure, and Mrs. Tran looked like she was about to rise to her feet and start a country dance. It was, shockingly, the most fitting choice Winchester could have made, perfectly suited to the intimate, relaxed atmosphere Castiel had cultivated over the past few days.
“I miss you,” Castiel murmured. For all their disagreements, Michael had been a central figure in Castiel’s life. His strength, his single-minded purpose, his ability to carry others along in his enthusiasm, all would have been greatly welcome in this time of confusion. But Michael was cold in his grave, and Castiel could not look to him for advice, not now. He would have to rely on his own strengths, meager though they might seem at times.
Dean busies himself getting the movie set up, debating where to sit. There’s the armchair, but it isn’t properly angled towards the TV, and he really doesn’t want to miss any of the epicness of this movie. But would it be weird to sit next to Cas on the couch, even though it’s more than big enough for two grown men to share? Or would it be weirder to deliberately
Turning slightly, Castiel looks into his eyes. There is very little distance between them, and though his body thrums with unfamiliar yearning, he holds himself still. “No. Not like that. Just--”
“I never said that.” Cas turns his back to her to pour his tea, grateful for the chance to school his features. “I said I’d think about it.”
They both groan at the feeling, Dean’s body still humming from his orgasm. Cas scatters kisses across his face and chest, his movements causing his knot to twitch slightly inside Dean, sending aftershocks of pleasure through his veins.
“Of course not.” There’s a forced note of cheerfulness of Dean’s voice, but he was the one to offer. Cas won’t press the matter. “Bed’s all made up already. You want a hand?”
Castiel tucked his hand into his side and nodded decisively. “Then we will have to be extremely careful,” he said. “Nothing can jeopardize this alliance.”
After that, it’s a frantic scramble to get the door unlocked while Cas trails distracting kisses down the side of his neck. A rush up the stairs, stopping every few steps to press their lips together before dragging each other a few more steps upwards. Another scramble at the door to the apartment, Cas pressed all along Dean’s back, and finally, the door falling open to admit them.
Dean lets out a low whistle as he guides the Impala into a parking spot. “Very nice,” he says. “It’s not going to be weird, all your co-workers seeing you here on a date?”
After an awkward pause, Winchester recovered. “I never turn down an opportunity to demonstrate my skills,” he said with a wink. “Come along, then, Milton.”
“We want this finished as much as you do,” Kevin says quietly. “I knew Ryan. We went to high school together. But we’re a small department, and the crime labs aren’t exactly considering this a high priority investigation, so it might be a while before we get any answers from the shirt you and the sheriff found in the woods.”
If he thought his heart had soared before, it was nothing compared to this feeling, being pressed so close to Dean while they flew through the air. Time seemed to stand still, the short trip to the bottom of the hill expanding into an eternity between one inhale and the next exhale.
“Yeah, they’re a bit tough to find, but they’re always there when you need them. Go back in towards town and take a left on River Road, and you’ll find the station about five minutes away. Tell Sheriff Hanscum hello from me, would you?”
The trust in Dean’s eyes was almost too much to bear. He was the one on his knees, and yet Castiel was the one who felt humbled. It was an enormously generous gift Dean was giving him, and the magnitude of it only increased his pleasure in accepting it.
“Guess so.” Dean has to look away again as Cas starts fondling the bowling balls, apparently totally unaware of the effect it’s having on him. “I’m starting to think this was a great idea. What better way to boost your confidence than to completely crush your opponent, right?”
Lips pressed tightly together, Castiel shook his head. There was no sense protesting. Balthazar would see through him in an instant, as he already had.
Dean takes the lead without a protest from Castiel. They keep the rising sun behind them as they push through the forest, and by midday, Dean can feel its heat burning into the exposed skin at the back of his neck.
Cas props himself up on one elbow, watching him. It’s only early afternoon, the winter sunlight spilling in through the window and lending warmth to all of Dean’s exposed skin. “I guess we had better keep our strength up.”
“Yes,” Castiel says again. “She visited Dysland once, a long time ago. She was gracious, but cool. She dutifully writes to Jack on his namedays, but they’re far from close.”
“I thought what my dad did, leaving Sam and I behind, was one of the worst things a parent could do to their kids.” Dean gives a bitter laugh. “I was so wrong.”
Tom Garland barely even glances at Cas as he passes him. “I’m just here to pack up some more of Ryan’s things. I hope that’s okay with you, Theo.”
Dean pauses, eyes scanning the room for any sign of movement. It wouldn’t be the first time one of his teammates has tried to pull some sort of prank on him. There’s no hushed laughter, no squeak of shoes against the gleaming floors, nothing to indicate there’s anyone else here with him.
“Yes.” Castiel unlocks the door and steps inside, laughing to himself as he takes in the room that covers the entirety of the top floor. A large window looks out onto the setting sun, and an enormous bed in the centre of the room is piled high with woven quilts and fluffy pillows. “I stayed one night here on my journey south, exchanging a story for my room and board. It was quite well-received.”
Castiel was no stranger to creativity when it came to bedroom play, but hearing Dean ask for what he wanted set him alight. Rummaging in the nightstand, he found several lengths of soft fabric and held them up for Dean’s inspection.
“Yeah, tell me about it.” Dean reaches for his coffee mug again, but it’s empty. Figures. “I just didn’t want to admit it, at first. Then I didn’t want people’s pity. And now--” he shrugs. “I just don’t care anymore.”
Looking into his determined face, Castiel could not find it in himself to argue further. He nodded, and they dressed quickly, knowing the rest of the castle would be in a panic. Just before they left the chambers, Castiel stopped Dean with a hand on his shoulder.
“The other day, at the coffee shop.” His voice is thick with emotion, and it’s difficult to speak under the burning intensity of Dean’s gaze, but he does his best. “You said I should ask you what it was that you wanted.” He takes a deep breath and spreads his hand in front of him on the table. “I’m asking you now, Dean. What do you want?”
As he watches, Castiel folds his mother into a tight embrace, resting his chin atop her head. When they pull apart, Naomi looks softer than Dean has ever seen her, smiling up at him. “Have you been happy?” she asks, still holding tightly to Castiel’s shoulders.
“Alright.” Cas takes his phone out of his pocket and passes it over to Balthazar, his mind made up. “You’re the expert. Make me a profile, send him a message.” He pauses, giving his friend a stern look. “And if this goes terribly, I’m blaming you.”
He’s thought about it a thousand times before: Castiel inside of him, all over him, the stretch and the burn and the delicious fullness. He wants it so bad he could cry, even if it means leaving this bed to find something to--
“Hardly.” The corner of Cas’ mouth turns up in a smile. “But I do volunteer at an art centre for troubled and disadvantaged youth, so I’m fairly accustomed to breakdowns.” His smile widens as he adds, “From both the students and the other instructors.”
A lump rose in Castiel’s throat. He and Balthazar had been friends for over two hundred years, and he could count on one hand the numbers of times he had called him by his full name. “Of course,” he said thickly. “Can I get you anything else?”
“With this.” Castiel withdrew a small syringe from his pocket, the metal tip glinting in the light. “Dead blood. Poison, to our kind. It won’t kill him, but it will severely incapacitate him, and he’ll need some time to recover.”
“That’s not a disappointment,” Alfie says, then immediately turns beet-red. Cas bites back a smile-- Alfie has had an enormous, blatant crush on him since he arrived, and while Cas has carefully done nothing to encourage it, it hasn’t faded with time as he expected it to.
He hovers in the entryway after the service ends, hands tucked into his pockets as he watches Jimmy talk quietly with the pastor. Claire and Kaia are seated together on a bench at the other side of the room, and as Cas watches, Claire reaches up to tuck a strand of Kaia’s hair behind her ear, bringing a blush to Kaia’s cheeks.
“Did you know that his body was found on the road that leads to your property?” Cas watches Dean’s face as he asks, hoping for a flicker of surprise or guilt or some other emotion. But Dean’s face stays carefully blank.
“Let us not risk disturbing the delicate balance of this place,” Castiel replied, laughing. He pulled his own shirt over his head in an unhurried, deliberate manner. Dean watched hungrily as his chest was bared to view, the knowledge that he could finally reach out and touch all that inviting skin making him somewhat light-headed.
Before he can say anything, though, they hear Dean whistling as he makes his way back towards them, presenting the requested book with a flourish. “Your prize, my lady,” he says.
Dean dropped a gracious bow. “Yes,” was all he said. “And now that the matter has been settled and we have efficiently fought and resolved our first argument, I will ask you what I came here to ask you tonight: is there anything I can do for you, Castiel, to make this easier for you?”
Dean’s smile widens. “Thank you, then.” He crosses the room in three quick strides, pausing with his hand on the door. “Come along. Have you spent much time in the library? I know Sam and Rowena have commandeered it for their own purposes, which they insist on remaining secretive about, but if we are quiet, they may be so lost in their research that they will not even notice us.”
“And it’s fine if you can’t spend much time with me, I get it. Really. I just hate being stuck here worried about you and I need to see you, even for a minute, alright?”
He cares little for their rapid conversation. What are the inane chatterings of two humans, young even by their standards, to an ageless being such as himself? He focuses instead on the translucent green of the budding leaves, the delicate flush of pink on the unfolding blossoms, the bees that hum lazily as they pass from one flower to the next, ignoring the flicker of blue-white light among them.
While it’s not at all uncommon for a Royal Protector to be of a different gender than their charge, it can create the occasional awkwardness. Dean will never forget the panic he felt on the day of Claire’s first monthly bleeding, noticing the small red spot on her gown and wondering how she could have injured herself without him noticing. By now, it’s an old joke between them, but there are still times when Claire asks for Charlie, one of the Royal Guards, to accompany her rather than Dean.
Dean let out a noisy exhale and crossed his arms over his chest. “Okay, fine.” He turned to Castiel, frowning. “What exactly does a vampire duel involve, anyway? We never really--” He trailed off, remembering how that conversation had ended. Heat rose in his cheeks and he cleared his throat. “You never really explained.”
Cas laughs, though there’s little humour in it. “I thought we’d moved past you deflecting, Dean, as skilled at it as you are.”
He takes a step back, clasping his hands in front of him. Dean strips off his clothes, his bare skin glowing in the moonlight, and closes his eyes.
At first, Castiel wondered if his mother might be right. If his feelings for Dean would fade over time, if they would settle back into friendship and put their other yearnings behind them.
A solid leg brushed against his under the table, and Dean looked over to meet Benny’s clear blue gaze. “What trouble are you getting yourself into now, Winchester?” he asked, keeping his voice low.
Awareness creeps in gradually. Something is moving near him, quietly and carefully. His fingers and toes are still cold, but he can move them. His ankle throbs, reminding him of his own foolishness, and his lips are dry and cracked.
He hummed to himself as he took the steps up to the main level two at a time. The very last rays of sun peeked through the west-facing windows of the old church he had converted into his home, the stained glass providing enough cover to shield him from their harmful glare. Also greatly exaggerated: the effects of sunlight on vampires. Strong sun could burn him severely, and even weaker light was unpleasant, but contrary to long-held beliefs, he would not burst dramatically into flames if he dared venture outside at this time of day. It would only prove fatal if he remained under the bright sunlight for an extended period of time. He did, however, require complete darkness to sleep, which was why his bedroom was located in the basement of the church. It amused him to think of the space once used for prayer group meetings now serving as his bedchamber.
Dean stood with Sam, Ruby, and his mom, right at the front of the crowd. Other members of the Paranormal Investigations department were scattered around the square, uniformed and armed in case of chaos, but Sam had requested to attend as a civilian. Dean was quietly grateful for his presence, as always. A space had been left clear for the participants, and Dean moved as close to it as possible. He glanced up at the sky, the last rays of sun just disappearing behind City Hall. It was almost time.
Castiel’s chest went tight at the fondness in her tone and the implications of her words. “They’re lucky to have you,” he replied. “And I am delighted to see you, even unannounced.”
Jody snorted. “Nervous? Sam, what in heaven’s name do I have to be nervous about? I won’t embarrass you or your brother. I’m simply afraid I’ll have a boring evening.”
Castiel’s hand opens and closes at his side. If there is vengeance to be sought, perhaps it is to be earned at the point of a blade. But looking into Dean’s face, the earnestness in his eyes, he knows that is not what Dean is offering.
Cas ends the call and throws the phone back down on the seat. The coffee tastes even more bitter now, but he finishes it anyway.
Dean dutifully notes it down, his handwriting blocky and assured. “See, you’re kicking ass already. Okay, now I see we’ve got Kiss, Freddie Mercury--” He frowns, taking hold of Cas’ wrist to move the flashlight towards the bottom of the page. “Shania Twain?”
He yawned the entire way home, then stumbled through the routine of brushing his teeth and getting undressed. He spared a few precious minutes to jerk off quickly, not having to reach far for inspiration: the feeling of Castiel’s silk shirt under his hands, the press of his lips and the long lines of his body against Dean’s. Sated, he drifted off to sleep.
“So normally this is the part where I’d offer you a drink, but--” Dean laughed, rubbing the back of his neck.
He had never given a great deal of thought to marriage. He expected it would happen eventually, but all his lovers had been of a temporary nature, and never had he experienced
After that first day, Castiel slowly becomes accustomed to life in Carlisse. As promised, their days are full of activities, all those Dean listed and more. They also find time to simply relax, to sit in the palace gardens with a picnic and watch the clouds streak across the sky, shouting out the figures they can discern in the whisps of white. Anna tends to interpret them as animals, Sam as figures from the books he is always reading, while Castiel sees patterns from nature like trees or mountains. Dean seems to take it as his personal mission to make them laugh harder with every wild statement, going so far as to claim that one particularly large cloud perfectly resembles the outrageous hat one of the elderly court ladies has taken to wearing.
Not a word has passed between them. The hum of the Impala keeps Dean’s sanity going as he speeds through the empty highway. Cas silently stares out the passenger window, watching the row of streetlamps merging into one as Dean races past them.
Andrew shrugs nonchalantly. “I’m sure you did great, but whatever you think you filmed isn’t going to make it into the episode. Heard today was a complete bust.”
Sam doesn’t open the piece of paper Rob gave him until they say goodnight and Sam is alone again in the trailer. The note is in Jared’s handwriting; Sam’s seen it enough in notes that are scattered all over the trailer.
Dean drives the rest of the way contemplating, debating, hating himself, but always coming to the same conclusion.
“So what, we’re stuck in an infinite loop? How’s that even possible?” Sam asks while Cas flips to the end of the script.
The excitement dissipates from Sam and it’s his turn to look out the window with disappointment. “Yeah, you’re right.”
when I was pretending to be a lousy human being. Imagine the stories being Death will inspire. The spur of creativity will be endless!”
“It does,” Sam agrees, smiling his shit-eating little brother-puppy smile Dean honestly thought wasn’t possible anymore with the lack of baby fat on his face.
Andrew shrugs his shoulders. “Chuck killed Eileen and when Jack makes Dean and Sam explode, Sam goes to hell. Not sure we can swing that around.” After a moment of internal debate, Andrew looks at Sam. “Although, there’s something we can do!”
A shiver runs over Sam’s back when he realizes what event this script revolves around. The further Sam gets into reading it, the sweatier his hands become. The fact that his emotions are written down right next to his actions, right next to the line signalling Eileen dying, vanishing in front of his very own eyes is… too much.
“That was a very Cas thing to do,” Dean notes quietly. Sam almost doesn't catch those words, not used to Dean speaking so softly.
“What’s that?” Eileen tries to take the script from Sam but Sam easily pivots and holds the paper out of her reach.
Sam gets up from the couch and walks over to the door. “I’m gonna try and find Jared’s trailer. See if I can find anything useful there and get some fresh clothes.”
Sam rolls his eyes and makes his way to the bathroom. “I can’t get into Jared’s phone so you still gotta text him, Cas.”
“Why are you telling me this now?” Dean asks, his own voice betrays him and laces each word thick with denial. Deep down, Dean knows exactly why. The little gears in his head are still spinning but they’ve put enough information together for him to understand what’s about to happen. Cas’ track record of putting Dean always first is enough to know where this is going.
Clif takes advantage of the red traffic light to take his eyes off the road and give the boys a you-guys-are-fucked look. Out loud, he says: “Pandemic, can’t go anywhere in public without wearing them.”
“Yeah okay, Hollywood,” Sam scoffs with a tang of jealousy. If Sam’s scene this afternoon is going to take more than seven takes, Dean’s never going to let him hear the end of it.
Somehow, one more chapter sneaked into this fic so this isn’t the ending quite yet. I’m aiming to have the last chapter up by tomorrow so it’ll be a short wait at least :)
The woman stares right back. After a moment, she rolls her eyes with an exasperated sigh. “Well, put them on. I know you guys are tested but we still gotta follow the policies.”
Sam's heart is beating fast enough that he thinks it might explode in his chest. Dean's face has turned completely white while Alex keeps whispering
Sam stares at the picture until the screen turns off. Only then does he realizes the way both corners of his lips have involuntarily shot up and put a sting in his eyes.
A fifth voice is suddenly added to their conversation. Andrew’s hysteric voice breaks through the group yelling: “What the hell is going on here? Jesus Christ, Jensen, let Rob go!”
“Script changes every five minutes anyway,” Sam tells a protesting Dean before leaving Jensen’s trailer.
It’s getting increasingly more difficult to keep his eyes open, but Sam knows he’ll be up all night generating more questions in his head if he doesn’t ask them now.
Dean doesn’t turn around and waits for Sam and Eileen to finish walking over until they’re standing in the space Cas’s left.
No Genevieve, but Sam’s not willing to give up that easily. He scrolls down further until he finds the name
“We did a very thorough search, Sam.” Cas deadpans and Dean chokes on his coffee as a deep red blush covers his face.
Dean tears his eyes from the window and redirects them at his brother. “So what are the chances of Chuck failing to kill us and someone else bringing us here
“Hey guys, the equipment got screwed up again. Looks like it’s gonna take a while to get it fixed. So much for being able to work with half the technicians on set, am I right?”
They’re both quiet for a little while, Dean loads both their plates up with stir-fry and grabs two more beers from the fridge.
When Sam eventually succeeds, all three men are breathing heavily and blood is dripping from Cas’ mouth onto the laminated floor. Dean is shooting daggers at Cas who doesn’t blink once in return.
“Right,” Sam scoffs. “So Cas gives you a love confession that ends with him sacrificing himself for you and there’s absolutely
“You really need to change characters. The appearance alone is a dead giveaway,” Dean taunts with a smile devoid of all humor.
It’s dark for just a split second. A blink with tightly shut eyes and then it’s over. Sam finds himself back at the beach. Pain shoots through his body and he’s crouched down in the sand with Dean right beside him. He recognizes the silhouette of Jack standing somewhere in the distance before his eyes drift over to Chuck still standing in front of them, left arm raised and ready to snap his fingers.
“The script. The script.” Sam mumbles almost frantically as he marches over to the bedroom and rips open each drawer he finds there.
“Mornin’ Sammy” Dean grins and hands him a cup of coffee. Dean pointedly doesn’t look or address Cas.
Out of all the things Dean could say to this, the words that come out of his mouth are simple: “What about Cas?”
As they walk together in silence, Sam keeps his fingers crossed and tries his best not to get his hopes up.
Dean, however, gets to the door first, beer in one hand and opening the door with the other. “Oh hey, uhm,
“Sure, I’ll take a burger.” Dean shrugs his shoulders at Sam who widens his eyes at Dean impatiently.
The crew does a quick off-camera run-through with Dean, and Sam busies himself reading over the script again.
“Nuking universe after universe, it gets boring you know?” Chuck says casually and gives Dean a shit-eating grin.
“And Jack?” Sam hears Dean bark. His voice comes out sounding somewhere far off in the distance, even if Dean is still standing right next to Sam.
“By the way, did I leave my copy of the finale here?” Sam smoothly changes the topic and starts looking around the trailer for the script.
“Are you sure you didn’t miss anything?” Sam asks in his best attempt to keep this conversation professional.
“What the hell is going on here?” Dean’s voice is an angry mumble that Sam has trouble understanding through the thin layer of Dean’s mask.
Sam watches his brother carefully. Dean’s face twitches, his eyes widen, his pupils go back and forth, back and forth, rereading the same set of lines over and over again. He swallows and inconspicuously wipes the corner of his eye with the sleeve of his shirt.
“I don’t trust that guy one bit,” Dean announces the moment ‘Rob’ leaves and the two brothers are alone in Jensen’s trailer.
Andrew barely blinks. He takes a moment to take off his glasses and cleans them on his shirt before he puts them back on and looks at Dean calmly from across his wooden desk. “He’s not in the script, why would we fly him out?”
In all of Sam’s ten-second panic, he hadn’t noticed the wallpaper of the lock screen. Three young children with shaggy, brown hair are grinning back at him. Cheeky smile, dimples, long, gangly limbs. Even if Sam didn’t know whose phone this was, the kids undoubtedly are a mix of him and Ruby.
"I swear I've said this a million times to you already but this never gets any easier." His voice falters and Dean chuckles timidly. "Guess I’m making up for lost time with all these confessions.” Another chuckle.
don't have a destiny, Dean. You have a plot and it's not in your hands to change it. You do as it says and follow my story.”
“Hey, where’s your ring?” Sam asks, forcing himself to sound casual. “The actress- Shoshannah, she’s married in this world.”
Dean gets up as well and puts a hand on Sam’s chest, holding him back. “Don’t you have a couch in your trailer?”
Sam’s too excited to question why in the world he would carry a list of Jared’s passwords with him and lose it. He runs over to the bedroom and grabs the iPhone from the nightstand.
Eileen elbows Sam in the ribs and Dean rolls his eyes at him. “I’m not planning on dying before Cas is done fixing up Heaven.”
There’s a pull of gravity, oxygen floods more freely through Dean’s lungs again. Cas pushes off him and his fingers wrap around the bottom of Billie’s scythe.
When Sam goes back to Jensen’s trailer, clean and dressed in fresh clothes, he finds supper already sitting on the table and Dean on the phone with someone.
“Hungry?” Sam gives him a teasing grin and slaps Misha companionable on the shoulder. Sam then remembers that the person next to him is technically a complete stranger to him and Sam awkwardly withdraws his hand. Then again, Gen did tell Sam on the phone that he and Misha are friends, so it might actually be perfectly normal if Sam treated Misha like he normally treats Cas. However, Jared probably doesn’t treat friendships the way Sam does so Sam might still be acting weird around Misha by treating him like a friend.
Sam skims over the first half of the script, which is just a highlight reel of their past couple of days in this universe. Dean’s private conversation with Cas outside of Andrew’s office didn’t make it into the script, but Sam is
Cas frowns but then something changes in his expression and before Dean realizes what’s happening, Dean’s back in Cas’s arms with Cas’s lips pressed warmly against Dean’s.
“This is stupid,” Dean announces loudly to the rest of the crew. “I would never say anything so fucking cheesy and cliché.”
"You - you don't remember?" Dean stutters, suddenly shy and heat rushes to his cheeks as he looks down and avoids Cas's piercing blue eyes.
Dean wipes his hand over his face and looks horrified at the amount of make-up that’s now on his palm. “Son of a - Not this shit again!”
“Do you have any idea what this means? Every script matches our life to the exact detail. What if this is like the AU version of Chuck’s books? What if it’s another prophecy?”
“Gimme that,” Dean snaps but doesn’t actually try to take the script from Castiel. Instead, Dean walks behind the back of Cas’ chair and reads the first scene over Cas’ shoulder.
it took a fucking archangel to get us out of here. There’s no archangel in this universe. There’s no archangel left in
“What the hell man? I just got you back and now you’re telling me you’re leaving again?” There’s enough hurt in Dean’s voice that he can’t manage to cover it all up.
Castiel takes a threatening step forward and looks down at Andrew who’s still sitting in his chair. “Why would Jack ever want to kill Dean and Sam?”
The scene of Dean and Cas locking themselves up in the bunker, waiting for Billie to break through the door catches Sam’s attention.
, staring at him. Lights are blinding Sam’s vision and there are at least three big ass cameras focused on his face.
. The puzzle pieces are finally coming together, but Sam is still missing a few before he can make sense of the full picture.
The heaviness Sam has felt over the last few days vanishes completely at the sight of Eileen stepping into the trailer.
Everything happens too quickly. The door bursts open, Billie crosses over to them within seconds, Dean tries to push Cas' hand on him away -ready to fight with whatever he’s got still left in him-, while Cas successfully shoves Dean against the wall.
Sam wakes up the next morning with the feeling you get after a vivid dream and it takes a few minutes to sort out which memories are real and which ones are just part of the dream.
Sam doesn’t waste any more time on the two. He grabs Alex and shoves him forcefully into Dean’s direction. Alex stumbles for a few steps before Dean pins him against the wall. The script flies out of Alex’s hand and the breeze carries it over to Sam’s feet. Sam swiftly picks it up and stuffs it into his pocket.
“Well that makes sense considering what’s in there has already happened. Can’t really change the past,” Dean explains to Sam like he’s a little bit on the slow side.
Something, call it intuition or just desperate hope, but there’s something inside of Sam that makes him trust that the person currently occupying Misha’s body is Cas.
Castiel tilts his head ever so slightly and gives him a weak smile. He doesn’t move. He doesn’t look around the room for any kind of weapon. He just stands there and Dean gets a nauseating sense of déjà vu, watching Cas possessed by leviathans, walking calmly into the lake.
A chuckle escapes Sam and Dean gives him a dirty look. “It’s not funny, Sam. What’s the point of us living a normal life, having sixty-inch plasma TVs and the time to watch shows, when the only shows playing are this garbage? I mean, what universe doesn’t have Dr. Sexy MD?”
Fake Jack doesn’t ask any questions when he drops off the scripts along with two burgers and fries. Dean reciprocates this gesture by shutting the trailer door in fake Jack’s face.
“So all of us are married with kids and the universe we got thrown in last time definitely isn’t the same as this one because it was just another episode in this world?” Dean clarifies and presses his fingers to his temple. “Man, this shit is giving me a headache. If you think about it, we’re technically not even real in this world, just figments of imagination for a stupid tv show.”
Sam’s head isn’t spinning from pain anymore but confusion. He takes a look at his surroundings and finds several dozen people,
“Fucking weird man,” is all Dean has to say and they shortly have lunch after that and then Dean is researching on Jensen’s laptop and Cas is examining the script for anything useful. Sam’s not doing anything, which is weird, because it’s Sam. A sudden drowsiness has taken over his body and he sprawls himself out on the couch and rests his eyes.
Sam watches helplessly as the phone goes quiet and Gen’s name on the screen gets replaced by a Missed Call (1) notification.
If it’s really Chuck pretending to be Cas, Sam highly doubts they’re going to find out before it’s too late.
Sam blinks heavily and pockets the phone away. It’s ridiculous, he tells himself, to feel jealous of an alternative version of himself. Sam should feel happy knowing there’s at least one universe where they don’t get screwed over by Chuck.
“And I’m glad I did because the real Cas would never stop seeing us as family!” Sam snaps offended. The picture of Jared’s family is mocking him and Sam picks it up to give it a dirty look. Who needs a fake family when Sam’s apparently got one right here.
Castiel nods faintly and they all return to their seats, picking up their forks again and poking away at their food.
Sam gives them a quick overview of Rob’s visit last night and nudges at the coincidence of the dream and change in script and the password for Jared’s phone all popping up at once.
Fuck, Sam’s missed this. He and Eileen being together like this, just a normal couple out for a stroll, holding hands. They could have this moment every day in this world.
Dean goes back to flipping the bacon but stops again when Cas comes back to fill himself a cup of coffee.
“What, Sam? What are we expected to do here, huh? We don’t even know why Chuck zapped us here in the first place. Us being brought back here isn’t exactly in the script.”
“4:03 if you wanna be exact,” Sam answers Dean and quickly puts the phone away before he can give the photo another glance.
“So what’s the next scene?” Dean grabs the script out of Sam’s hands and plumps himself down in the chair closest to Sam.
“At least we know now that Chuck is definitely behind all of this,” Cas says and watches Dean take a big swig straight from the bottle.
“Quit it already, Cas!” Dean hisses. He needs to fucking concentrate. There has to be a way to get out of this. Sparks are flying through the door now. Death is literally looming over the place and Dean can sense in every fibre of his body.
Sam manages to get himself on all fours and shoots the trademarked Winchester look of defiance in Chuck’s direction.
“Jared?” Sam turns to look at a woman waving him over to the side. He gets off his chair and walks over to her.
“Well, last time I checked you’re not the scriptwriter of this show, Jensen. If you want to get this scene over with so badly, then I suggest you start saying your goddamn lines already.”
Dean rests his head against the window and watches the raindrops slowly gliding down the glass. Although it’s around lunchtime, there’s no rush hour traffic and barely any people are seen outside on the sidewalks.
“Well good thing we didn’t fucking start shooting anything yet,” Andrew mutters sarcastically and goes back to sit in his chair, grabbing a red pen and striking through half of the script.
Despite the little voice in his head telling him it’s not their universe, not his Dean, not their story, Sam’s heart begins to beat faster and his grip around the pages tightens. He skims over the rest of the scene, not wanting to picture what’s described to him in black and white.
“Well, then you know how Dean reacted.” The crisp dismissal in Cas’ voice is another custom he must've learned from Dean.
Billie’s pounding against the door echoes through the room and sounds like Dean’s amplified heartbeat. It’s about to burst and they’re about to run out of time. They’re about to die and Cas’s voice carries on calmly, at peace. Dean isn’t ready to think about any of this.
"I'm sorry, Dean. I thought telling you would save you, but, evidently, I was wrong. I understand if this changes things between us and you want me to leave."
“Hey guys,” Chuck walks right past Dean and inside the trailer, giving Sam a nod. “Thought you’d be here too.”
“This universe isn’t all that bad, you know?” Dean tells Sam with a grin. “Like it seems pretty fucking normal and apocalypse free.”
As if he can read Sam’s thoughts, Dean angrily points at the TV. On screen, there’s a guy in a hoodie playing basketball on a short, paved driveway. “Does this look like Dr. Sexy to you, Sam? Because in
“Dean! What are you doing here?” Cas exclaims and walks over to the blue X that’s inches away from where Dean is standing.
Sam’s not the only one paying attention to Dean’s behaviour. Misha tilts his head at Sam in confusion and Sam shrugs in response, not sure how to justify Dean’s reaction. Misha sighs and little wrinkles appear on his forehead.
The call gets picked up on the fourth ring and Sam lets out a breath he didn’t realize he’d been holding.
“It’s crazy isn’t it?” Eileen is the first to break the silence. “This world… it reminds me of the time before I met you, when I thought things were so much simpler.”
It’s Sam’s turn to speak and his shoulder brushes against Dean’s as he takes a step closer. “Because not everything we do ends up in your little script, Chuck. We have a life outside of your story, we’ve outgrown the characters you created for us and the plot changed with us.”
“There’s more coffee in the pot,” Dean says to no one in particular before he goes back to the stove to flip the sizzling bacon in the pan.
Sam walks over to the kitchen area and starts going through the fridge. They’d skipped out on lunch and his stomach is rumbling. “I don’t know, but it can’t be worse than the last one.”
The relief Sam feels at not having to act vanishes completely when the lights turn back on and Eileen is nowhere in sight.
It’s Dean’s turn to sigh and roll his eyes. “Oh c’mon Sam. First Chuck sneaks into your dream and then he’s literally spelling his plan out in here.” Dean walks over and taps a finger at the script in Sam’s hand.
“Yeah, I dropped my phone earlier and the screen’s completely cracked, can’t even get past the lock screen,” Sam lies and scratches his head, hoping that dropping a phone is a Jared thing to do.
If this is going to be their ending, Sam would rather just spend the rest of his life pretending to be Jared Padalecki and stay trapped in this universe.
“Good news, folks: Equipment’s back to working again and we’re ready to start shooting. Jen, Misha, head over to make-up and get ready.”
"And you think- you think that loving me is what makes you truly happy?" The words feel uncomfortable on Dean's tongue and his cheeks burn.
“Hey Jensen, Rob and I are about to get some takeout. Is there anything we can get you?” The voice sounds like Jack. So this must be fake Jack calling them.
Andrew’s eyes scan the room and settle on Dean and Cas. He claps his hands as if to cheer them on. “Chop, chop, guys. Let’s try to get the scene filmed before production shuts down again.”
“Then it must’ve been Chuck. Sam didn’t do anything but sit and watch us all day,” Dean says in his little brother’s defence. “Did you get a chance to talk to Eileen yet?”
It’s a moment where everything happens in slow motion. Castiel lifts his arms, the blade of the scythe glisters, Billie’s eyes widen in shock with the realization that this is it. Dean lets go of her arm and takes a step back, just as the blade cuts through Billie’s neck, and her captivated head falls off her body. The sound when it hits the ground is too low, too quickly over to accurately represent the significance of it.
Sam’s in the middle of enjoying his poached-egg-on-avocado-toast when he feels a vibration in the inner pocket of his jacket. He fishes out the ringing phone and checks the screen.
“I actually left the script in my trailer. I should go get it,” Sam lies and makes an attempt to escape out of the chair.
“Except for the part on how we got here. Chuck never gave us that speech,” Sam argues. It might be early and he might be tired but their current situation still doesn’t add up.
Eileen’s face is overcome with confusion and she turns to Sam for help. Sam gives her an unsure smile in return. He didn’t expect
“Alex just asked me to return this to you, said you dropped it the other day,” Rob fishes something out of his pocket and hands it over to Sam.
Sam does a double-take. His throat feels dry and he gulps and licks his lips before he even attempts to speak. “End?”
Castiel shoots Sam another look begging him to get him out of this. Sam shrugs at him uselessly in response.
After a few bites, Dean breaks the silence. “We gotta find a way to get back to our own world, man. The people we’re supposed to be here? We don’t know what happened to the real Jensen and Jared. What if we’re possessing them, or what if we switched places with them? They could be getting tortured by Chuck as we speak.”
“I’m not going to let Billie hurt you, Dean.” Castiel’s voice begins to falter and there are traces of doubt highlighting over those words. Dean watches tears form in the corner of Castiel’s blue eyes and he follows the train of one slowly rolling down the side of Cas’ cheek. He resists the urge to wipe it away.
“Not everyone,” Jack says with a soft shake in his head. “Just the people Chuck vanished over the last few days.”
delighted to find his nightmare replaying itself near the end of the fourth act. The “act” then skips to Sam leaving and Dean and Cas having a conversation alone in Jensen’s trailer.
“CUT! Jensen, you’re supposed to be searching for Cas. Stop looking at the floor like you’re worried about tripping on something.”
“But the current script, it’s not actually how the show’s going to end, is it?” Sam interferes, changing the topic to the reason they burst into Andrew’s office in the first place.
“It means that you’re going to die one day and go to Heaven. I want to make sure it’s ready when you get there.”
The hand that isn’t holding the phone to Dean’s ear is curling up into a tight fist, nails digging deep into his palm.
“Dean, let him down,” Cas speaks for the first time and takes a step closer to them, narrowing the circle around Chuck.
“So what do you say?” Eileen takes a step closer and takes hold of his hand, lacing their fingers together. Sam closes his eyes and gives in to the sensation. Eileen’s touch is light, her skin a bit cold from the breeze, and Sam tightens his grip to warm them.
If everything these past few months happened exactly like it did in the scripts, Sam can’t help but wonder about the last two scripts he read. The ones that haven’t happened yet. Jack killing Chuck. Jack becoming God. Dean and Sam finally free. Dean dead and going to heaven. Sam with mystery wife and kid. It doesn’t feel real.
Chuck makes another face, clearly frustrated with their lack of understanding. “You guys wanted to write your own story, so have at it! See how much you enjoy being trifle, mundane human beings that billions already exist of. Because you know what? Your story, regardless of
Sam must look utterly lost because someone grabs him to the exit. “You’re good to go back to your trailer, Jared. Heard Misha and Jensen are pulling some sort of prank in the other studio, so if you wanna talk some sense into them and go over the lines with them, you’d be doing all of us a big favor.”
“It didn’t feel real at first,” Cas begins quietly, keeping his eyes trained on the photograph. “When I first got here I thought it was the Empty messing with my head. I never thought I’d wake up one day with a wedding band on my finger and kids running around the house.”
Billie lifts the scythe. It looks like there’s an earthquake inside her, her arm is trembling and she barely manages to lift her hand up to shoulder-height.
Dean sighs but doesn’t argue Sam’s point any further. It’s not like they have any other plans. Chugging whiskey while ripping drawers out and digging through suitcases isn’t the worst way Dean’s ever spent his time trapped in an alternative reality.
. In disbelief, Sam navigates back to the front page to make sure it’s the same episode Dean and Cas had just filmed. Scene 15 is NOT what it used to be. Sam goes over each scene, his heart beating fast and faster with every new scene that had not been in the script before.
The two things I really wanted to have in this fic were bad acting and the script being changed to something worse than canon. The good news is, I finally figured out the actual ending and it looks like the story is going to wrap itself up in the next chapter or so. Thanks for reading ❤️
The anger still bubbles inside Dean and making him feel sick with rejection. “So you’re telling me that Jack can restore entire universes by himself but not a single fucking heaven without your help?”
Both Dean’s and Cas’s eyes snap up to him and Sam tries to keep his voice sturdy. He’s pretty sure he knows who it is, anyway.
“Or what?” Chuck jeers. A moment later and Dean is thrown to the ground with Chuck looming over him. “How often do I need to tell you that I’m God, Dean?”
“Well, think about it! What if the script doesn’t determine what happens in our universe. What if it’s the other way around? That whatever happens in our universe gets put into the script?”
Dean grabs the script from him and flips through the pages. A chuckle escapes Dean that Sam can’t even begin to understand. There’s nothing funny about this situation.
Dean takes a long sip of his beer in response. It’s Castiel’s turn to give Sam a verbal answer: “The script still ends with Dean and me together, albeit not as explicitly.” At those words, Dean starts to choke on his beer, which Cas habitually ignores and continues: “I don’t think it was us changing the script, Sam.”
“Jared’s trailer is like five feet away, Dean. I’ll just sleep in his bed and if anything strange happens tonight, we’ll both be able to hear it and get to the other right away.”
Dean thinks of Sam. He refuses to believe they’re all dead now. Billie might not have been the one behind the deaths, but Sam’s smart, he’ll have figured out a way to stop Chuck for now.
Dean is still giving Cas a mistrusting death stare, so Sam takes it on himself to answer the question: “Yesterday afternoon. We were with Chuck and I guess he must’ve brought us here. It was either Chuck, or someone else must have saved us just as Chuck was about to snap his fingers at us.”
Sam finally risks a quick look behind him and sees an infuriated Andrew glaring at Dean in exasperation. Next to him is Alex looking bewildered at all four of them.
Sam ignores Dean’s dismissal on this subject. His breath is quick and shallow, his heart still thumping loudly in his chest. “Remember when Dad went missing? When you broke into my apartment at Stanford?”
Sam knows his brother too well not to be able to distinguish between Dean’s real smiles and the one he’s currently forcing for Sam’s sake.
“You think that’s how Chuck tried to kill this universe?” Sam whispers to Dean, he says it low enough that Clif won’t hear him. Sam’s starting to get sick of people in this universe looking at them like they’re two complete nutcases every time they speak.
Chuck’s eyes dart between Cas and Dean and a sorrowful sigh escapes his lips. “I watched the two of you in the studio yesterday and you did so well. Following the arrows, saying your lines, acting your parts. Why couldn’t you be like that in your own universe?”
Cas nods defeatedly and leans back further into the couch. “I don’t think there’s any magic in this universe. Even when I was human in our world, I could still pick up the sudden shifts in power that would overtake the air when angels or demons were around. But here? It’s like the world has been put on mute, I don’t feel anything.”
“Or maybe it’s just Chuck fucking with our heads again! We don’t even know if any of this is real,” Sam points out heatedly.
“Goddammit Cas, now isn’t the time for a pep-talk! We need to figure out a way to get the hell out of here!”
Someone grabs Sam by the arm and redirects him behind the cameras to a row of fold-out chairs. There are eight chairs in total, with about six feet between each one and Sam sinks down in the chair that’s closest to the wall.
Back in their universe, Sam once asked Castiel how the whole vessel-without-a-host thing worked since Cas’ vessel continued to age after Jimmy died. It’s a very rare and complex process and Sam’s curiosity is peaked yet again when he takes a look at Misha under the artificial light. Misha’s stubbles are thicker than Cas’ with a hint of gray in them. Crow's feet are framing his eyes and his human skin contains a few more wrinkles and blemishes than Cas’. The most striking difference, however, lies in the clothes: Misha is dressed in dark jeans and a soft, gray hoodie.
Dean falls asleep almost immediately when he gets inside, stripped down to his underwear with his clothes tossed on the floor, face down on his bed.  Some days he just doesn’t have more of it all in him, and this is one of those days.  He needs to sleep.  And his sleep is blissfully dreamless, until it’s cut short.  It starts with an angry echo, and it takes a few seconds for his brain to place it before his eyes shoot open and he is abruptly, completely awake.
What seemed like anger the first time Dean saw him now shows itself as frustration.  The way Castiel leans into Dean, the way the ever-moving tendrils of black ink that sprout from his arms are plucking at Dean, tugging his clothes, smoothing over his skin.  It’s not a threat.  He’s trying to tell Dean something.
There’s nothing but smooth black where Castiel’s mouth should be, but his jaw is working, threads of black pulling at it like he’s trying to speak.  He’s trying to talk to Dean.
“Mm,” Alistair lets a wicked grin crawl over his face, “this one might actually be young enough to train.  A lot of profit to be made with that one, John.  Thank you.”
A week passes, and Dean almost stops thinking about the creature.  It seems far away now, less tangible.  Just a nightmare.  He can’t forget it entirely though, and he can’t shake the sensation that someone’s watching him whenever he’s alone.  He knows he can’t see it, but he can feel it, pressing into the world around him.  Clawing.  Which is moronic, but still.  It’s a feeling he can’t get rid of.
He stares at the ceiling of his bedroom and tries to shake the lingering feeling of the dream, sweat drying on him in a clammy film, breath gradually coming back under his control.  It’s a little harder to shake the feeling of something crawling under his skin.  The smell of damp hangs in the room, there’s a thick layer of dust sitting on the shelves that he has yet to clean, and fine cracks spiderweb across the ceiling.  The curtains are threadbare, and let in enough dawn light for him to see.  He traces the cracks with his eyes until he feels like he’s rooted to reality again.
The seconds between Alistair speaking and what happen next are a blur to Dean.  He feels suspended in time, the air thick around him.  No one touches Sam and gets away with it.
John’s answering grunt is the only other sound in the house when Dean mounts the stairs to go to bed.
Castiel lets out a deep breath and rests his hands on the stone ledge, warmed by the sun. He was tested, and he prevailed. It is uncomfortable to admit, even to himself, but he knows he would not have done so without the time spent as a human, without the changes it forced in him. He would have been lost to the darkness, and angels would fade into mere stories to tell children before bed.
He is not so naive as to think that all their problems have fallen away in face of meeting their new ward. Such foolishness would be unfair to them both, and particularly so to Aliette. But for now, they will present a united front, providing the sort of stability she has been lacking since her father’s death.
Gadreel shook his head slowly. “I do not know. His plan is nearly complete.” His lips twitched in distaste. “His glorious destiny, as he calls it.”
Castiel smiled at that, though it looked somewhat strained. Perhaps, despite his seeming ease, he was nervous about appearing in front of so many of Dean’s people, a stranger among them. Dean gave him an encouraging smile and led the way towards the council chamber, determined to make this experience as painless as possible.
Dean is quiet for so long Castiel wonders if he has fallen asleep. “Because of my father,” he says eventually.
Dean pulls back, glaring even though Cas can’t see him. “A full five days before my heat hit? If you think all Omegas are so needy and irrational that they can’t think clearly for so much of the month, then maybe I don’t want to fuck you anyway.”
Sam rolls his eyes again, but the dimples have made a reappearance. It’s clear that this is an old argument between them, if argument is even the right word. Their bickering is comfortable in a way that reminds Cas of his relationship with Balthazar, both of them long-used to each other’s barbs. It’s highly entertaining to observe, and Cas no longer has any regrets about going over to say hello to Dean.
“And now that that’s settled-”-- one of Dean’s hands stole slyly up over Castiel’s thigh, his intent unmistakeable-- “I think I’m ready for that second round.”
It was difficult to put it into words, but Castiel knew he had to try. “I told you before, I’m accustomed to humans placing a certain value on my vampiric status.”
“But it’s a curse for lack of devotion.” Cas frowns. He can’t find the connection between the original tale and what happened to Dean’s family. “Did you father observe Lent before and stop after your mother died?”
“It’s fine,” Cas assures him. He’s slept in worse places, like the cab of his truck, too many times to count.
“Just what I hoped to hear,” he says. “We need horses. For the three of us, and for two more companions, who will be joining us shortly.”
As always, the first thing he does is turn on the music. There’s a record player near the front of the store, with a crate of assorted albums beside it and a sign that says “Play Me.” Once customers start coming in, they’ll happily switch out the albums at their whims, but for now, Dean just grabs something at random and laughs as the sound of Bon Jovi fills the store.
Entering the barracks, he was immediately greeted by Victor’s raised eyebrows and Benny’s soft smile. “Didn’t expect to see you this morning,” Victor commented, tone carefully neutral.
Halfway across the expanse of shiny floor between them, Cas stops. He spins on his heel and comes marching back towards Dean, a determined expression on his face. Frowning, Dean opens his mouth to speak, but he’s cut off by Cas’ hands cupping his cheeks, Cas’ lips pressing insistently against his. Startled, it takes a second for Dean to respond, but then he pours himself into the kiss, heedless of the crowds of people around them.
Sam adopts his most innocent expression, which hasn’t fooled Dean since they were kids. Fortunately, Cas seems more amused than offended by Sam’s blatant fishing for details. “I spent the night,” he says blandly. “I could provide details of exactly how I spent it, but I don’t think you’d want to hear them.”
It’s while Dean is preoccupied looking down to spot Castiel’s dark head through the leaves that he feels a rush of air pass over his body. Twisting on his branch, he chitters sharply as a hawk swoops over him again, talons outstretched. Dean’s tiny heart pounds wildly in his chest as he leaps closer to the tree’s trunk, scrambling away from those viciously curved talons and sharp eyes.
She shows him into the living room and offers him tea, which he declines. The house isn’t large, but it’s well-maintained and clearly loved. “You live here alone?” he asks.
Jody caught the direction of his gaze and reached up to squeeze his hand. “She would be so happy for you,” she said. “I’m certain she would find it all a great amusement, that she ran away from her life of luxury and you not only inherited the title, but married into an even higher position.”
Eventually, he stops shaking. Raising his head again, he sniffles once and scrubs the back of his hand across his face. “I need to go to him.”
“Castiel won’t be a disappointment.” She glanced up at that, eyes flicking to meet his. “I’m not saying you need to move in there, or spend all your time with him. I’m just saying, give him a chance, okay?”
Or, he thinks, looking at the classic lines of Dean’s face in the flickering firelight, something more physical. A different kind of closeness.
“Yup.” Charlie nodded enthusiastically. “Some weres we’ve talked to want to take it every month, especially the ones who were bitten. They say it gives them back control over their bodies. Others, especially some of the born weres, just like the fact that it’s available as an option. Got a wedding to go to that happens to be on the night of a full moon? No need to worry about wolfing out in the middle of the dance floor, and you can get your fur and fang on the next month.” She took a long swallow of her beer, grinning. “It’s pretty awesome, if I do say so myself.”
“It wasn’t.” Castiel shrugs. “I understand that you have questions. Humans are curious by nature.” He realizes his mistake too late, and freezes, wondering if Dean will catch the way he spoke of humans as something separate from himself.
“Yes, Alpha,” Dean replies, eyes already closed. Just before he drifts off, he feels Cas shift against him, making himself more comfortable, and Dean falls asleep with a smile on his face.
It gladdened Dean’s heart to see the pride and joy in Sam’s face as he looked at what he had built. He had commanded his builders with the same natural authority that had once made him the most feared general in the Calornan army, but with a far different goal in mind. He was a born leader, and Dean privately thought he had finally found his place here, where people from all lands could come together to learn and to celebrate and to seek advice from the wisest among them.
Ruby shrugged, but Dean followed the direction of his movement and froze, a look of horror on his face. Castiel tensed, preparing for a fight, but all Dean said was, “That’s your car?”
They’d received this trip to Banff, all expenses paid, as a holiday bonus. As much as Cas occasionally went off on rants about how he couldn’t wait to leave Sandover for a smaller, more forward-thinking company, he couldn’t deny that the perks were excellent. A long weekend ski trip in the mountains, rooms at the Fairmont, and a hefty spending allowance-- it was the most lavish vacation Dean had been treated to in years.
As he drifts off that night, he wonders if the creature will come back to him.  Maybe he’ll put his smokey hand over Dean’s mouth and keep the air from him until his vision faded away.  Maybe he’ll slit Dean, stem to sternum, and watch as his blood and entrails slide onto the floor while he gasps his last breath.  Or maybe he’ll just sit there and stare at Dean as he holds him, helpless.
He’s gathering up the pliers and wire cutters he has balanced precariously around him, when he feels a cold breath of air on the back of his neck.  Icy cold.  It makes a shiver run through him, but that only distracts him from the feeling of something cold and hard sliding across the back of his hand.
Dean chokes out a sound that is in the realm of the word “yes”, then Cas shifts and all words are lost to him.
“Alistair,” Anonymous Henchman Number 3 says, “looks like one of the boys has decided to come down and play with us.  Already half naked and ready to go.”
He’ll never know, he thinks as he drains the last of his tin mug of whiskey and extinguishes the lamp.  This place isn’t much, but at least it’s theirs.  And they need this.
He demonstrates, holding out one tendril of smoke for Dean to see.  Cas concentrates and the smoke becomes firm and weighty.  He reaches down and touches Dean’s chest with it, and the sensation causes Dean to gasp.  It’s cold and hot at the same time, soft and hard, but either way it feels undeniably real.  He can feel his skin give slightly under the weight of it.  He can feel the tip of it drag, starting in the hollow of his throat, and tracing down his chest and stomach.  Dean is covered in a sheen of sweat and the moisture is dragged along with Cas’ touch.
There’s another crash from downstairs and the yelling continues.  Shit.  His brain turns itself back on and he pushes himself up on his elbows.
Dean’s eyes feel like tacky flypaper whenever he blinks, and exhaustion sits deep in his bones.  It seems like he’s moving through syrup as he gets up to pour himself a cup of coffee, and he can feel John’s eyes on him.
The floorboards creak as he heads down the stairs in socks, pants on with suspenders hanging, shirt on but unbuttoned.  He keeps his movements small, controlled, non-threatening, even though no one is watching him.  It’s a force of habit after the last decade of life with his father.  He can see John’s feet sticking out from the armchair where he’s slumped, and he doesn’t need to be able to see around the corner to know there’s an empty bottle of rotgut propped up next to him.  His father’s snores echo through the small house.
“Hey, Dean,” Sam looks like he’s also trying to pretend he’s not as tense as he is, “Dad made breakfast.”
over and over and over.  A small part of his brain is trying to piece together how he got here.  A few weeks ago he was a normal guy, and now here he is, shuddering with pleasure as Castiel tells him that Dean belongs to him, writhing at the feeling of cold breath on his ear.  That small part can keep wondering if it wants, because the rest of him does not care.  It just wants to continue feeling possessed.
By the end of the day, Dean has all but forgotten about the dream.  He had left John alone in the kitchen to go and wake Sam, the kid finally pulling himself out of sleep with crusty eyes and a yawn.  They’d both walked straight through the kitchen, filling their hands with hoe cakes to eat outside but not stopping to risk the chance of conversation with John. There was a huge hole in the property fence, who knows what from, and Dean had one day to fix it if he wanted to avoid his father’s temper.
John is in the living room, tied to a chair, hands behind his back and a rag gagging him.  All the other furniture in the room has been kicked aside, sofa tipped back, pages ripped out of books and littering the floor like dead leaves.  There’s a man standing in the middle of the mess, walking around John with slow, predatory movements.  He has a long face with a sinister, lupine grin and dark eyes.  And all that bitter, violent energy is trained on John right now.  Dean doesn’t even notice there’s other men in the room until a few breaths later.  They look like cronies, henchmen, standing around with their backs to the wall and a motley assortment of blunt weapons in their hands.
Dean spends the day chopping wood to stockpile for winter.  By the time he gets to bed his back is sore and his hands are blistered from the rough handle of the axe.  The only trickle of relief he feels is the hope that Castiel might show up tonight, but he never does.
Dean nods against Castiel’s face and lets his eyes fall shut.  He’s overwhelmed by the feeling of running through him.  To possess and be possessed.
Castiel reaches one tendril back up to his face and slips the tip into the side of Dean’s mouth, gripping him from the inside.  Dean lets out a high pitched noise and his words fail him.
The dreams feel closer now, more real, and Dean is able to make out words here and there.  “Demon”, is one he hears a lot.  “Sin” is another, often combined with the word “Flesh”.  And “Castiel”.  A name.  Their name.  Castiel.
His door swings open and Sam is framed in the doorway, sleepy-eyed and confused.  He rubs a hand over his face and his voice is croaky with sleep and puberty.
Dean grits his teeth and feels himself fall into that quiet, boxed up place in his chest that he saves for moments like these.  He feels like prey, his body a line of tension, frozen in place, waiting for a predator to make a move and send him bounding into his burrow.  But the predator doesn’t need to move.  Dean already belongs to him and they both know it.
“Look here, I found the other one!”  Anonymous Henchman Number 1 hits the bottom of the stairs with a thud, dragging Sammy behind him.  Sam is trying to look tough, trying to hold himself up, but Dean can see his fear.
Dean moves through his day in a daze.  Everything in the world feels thick and clumsy, and he’s working through his chores one by one, biding his time until he can go to bed.  He needs to find out what happened to the man.  Why he’s showing Dean this, who he is.  Until he knows the truth, Dean won’t be able to fully concentrate on anything else.
Dean tries to speak, to tell him it’s ok, but he still can’t.  Castiel’s weight is bearing down into him and he can’t take any air into his lungs.  Something about the time he’s spent in the creature’s skin, walking through his memories, makes any last hint of fear dissipate, though.  Dean isn’t afraid.  Castiel holding him down is just another layer keeping him safe.  The room is cold in his presence, but it doesn’t sink into him.
“Lotta work to do today,” John’s voice is raspy, “you boys better get that fence fixed before nightfall so there’s not a lot of time for you to be in here playing happy housewife.”
John inclines his head in silent approval, and Dean is sure he can feel three sets of eyes on him as he leaves the room.
again, the man, hovering just over his shoulder like before.  Dean can feel his body trying to kick in some fear and adrenaline, but it’s like he doesn’t have the fuel to get there.  He’s too tired to be afraid.  So instead he just stares, and the man stares back.
The last surviving henchman, who watched his friends get torn apart, turns to run.  He makes it a few steps before Cas reaches with one arm, human skin slipping into black smoke as it extends across the room to grab the man by the shoulder and wrench it bodily from him.  The man screams and falls, blood pouring out of the stump, pulsing in time with his heartbeat, until the pulsing and the screaming both stop, and the body is still. Cas has roots running from himself into the floor, sucking up the blood and viscera he spread there, the energy rippling over him as his body continues to form.
Dean pushes himself up from the table and heads towards the stairs, led by feel and the little bit of moonlight that’s trickling in.  There’s a small window in the kitchen, and he looks at it briefly before he turns to leave.  What he sees there makes him gasp, and the empty mug clatters to the floor.  He’s been half expecting to see the creature from his nightmare lurking somewhere today, but this isn’t the creature.
Dean can never remember if his Dad slept well before the war.  He was practically a baby when he left, so that makes sense, but he thinks about it all the time.  Is it the war that fucked John up, and nothing else?  It definitely sounds like the war when John is screaming in his sleep or smashing furniture in a sudden rage.  When John picked them up from that boy’s home and started dragging them to every seedy motel in the country, the first thing Dean learned was to never, ever try and wake his father when he was having a nightmare.  There’s still a phantom pain where his nose was broken the first time, and he rubs at it without really meaning to.  So maybe it was the war.
Then, for the first time since he looked down and saw the stigmata in his hands, John stays out for the night, and Castiel comes back.
They’re trying to curl away from the pain, instinctual, but they’re too weak.  There’s too many hands and ropes holding them down to the bed.  It feels like they should be crying, but their body doesn’t seem to have enough water to make tears.  The chanting is building to a crescendo, and as it hits its peak there’s a line of fire spreading across their stomach.  A line of red appears in its wake, and Dean realizes one of the priests is holding a whip.  The chanting builds again, and the whip comes down again.  Over and over and over, nothing to look at except the solemn faces of the priests surrounding them and the slow bloom of blood and torn flesh across his torso.
Dean focuses his energy on Sam, instead.  Feeding him, making sure he’s taking care of himself, and looking into enrolling him in the high school up in town.  John doesn’t need to know about it.  Just because John’s childhood was stolen by the army and Dean’s was stolen by John doesn’t mean Sammy doesn’t deserve the chance to be a kid for once.
His breath is coming faster and heaver, making it harder to speak, but Cas told him to speak so he pushes on.
The first thing he sees when his vision clears is Sam, still on the stairs, passed out with a trickle of blood on his forehead.  But breathing.  Dean can see him breathing.  It’s the only thing that gives him the energy to keep moving. He’s pinned to the ground by more than one person, and he tries to bow his entire body, to thrash them off, but it’s no use.
They try one more time to speak, to scream, to protest that they don’t deserve this, but nothing comes out.  Their throat spasms, choking on their own saliva, and it feels like there’s no more air in the room.  Their vision of the world is dimming from the edges in.  Their eyes dart around the room, looking for some last minute, final reprieve.  But there’s nothing there.  Eventually, the blackness closes in and there’s nothing else left in the world.
“Now John, how did a piece of shit like you make something so pretty.  You sure she ain’t a daughter?  Dressed up in boy’s clothes to keep the predators at bay?  I’ve never seen a son with lips that pretty.”
