"I'm afraid I don't know. Cap is a bit of a free spirit." He struggled to explain his friend's paranoid behaviour. But was it paranoid if he really was being watched? "You tell him where to be and you just have to trust he'll be there."
“Very well then… I’ll go and contact this man.”
“Who are you?” Pressing, he was determined to get an answer: Friend or foe?
The end of call tone murmured into Tony's ear and he pulls the cell away to peer at it as though it had personally offended him. Most people he called wanted to be on the receiving end of his conversations so this man was a new mystery for him to solve. During the duration of the call it was almost as if the assassin had forgotten himself and actually enjoyed the interaction until he remembered he was going for the distant non-contact relationship so hung up.
He released one last exhausted sigh before looking squarely at Captain Fury to block out the reaction of all his colleagues and friends. His tongue was clumsy as though his body was fighting him to prevent him making this revelation, “On the night in question I was at a friend’s house… all night.”
Stark nodded at this sudden revelation. He often forgot that the other man had lived a whole different life before he’d been brought to the Avengers that impacted him on a daily basis.
He spotted the moment Steve slunk into the precinct and couldn’t help but grin at the fact that he had beaten the man into work for the first time, “Ah! Rogers, I have the file for that arrest we did the other night. I need you to sign it for me.” He watched closely as the man dumped his bag by his desk and dragged his feet across the room to Stark’s desk. He signed lazily which was unusual for the tall and obsessive man.
The spy sighed and shook his head. This was either going to go really well or be an absolute travesty. He didn't know which to place his bets on.
Tony had been praying all morning that this wouldn’t happen but it did. He heard Steve enter the kitchen while he was making his coffee. He purposely didn’t turn around as he didn’t feel like he could look at Steve after last night. He knew the man’s face would make him think of the man’s butt and he liked Steve too much to just think about his butt without him knowing what happened.
The billionaire froze with his fork halfway to his mouth. Blinking, his mouth opened and closed while his mind suddenly went blank for signs. More than ever he wished he could speak. Eventually his brain caught up.
“This is going to be a messy one.” Her Scottish accent was somewhat soothing to him, “Can you open your eyes, dearie?”
They were further down the corridor now, almost deep in the belly of the huge tower block. They continued rushing forward until they reached one of the semi-lit laboratories.
Tony wrote, his writing significantly worse than Steve’s, Nobody on board can speak to you?
The scientist stopped a few steps away and stared open mouthed at the scene before him. He blinked and frowned, “You... your leg.”
The large man snapped the folder shut, slipped it under his arm and marched out of the room.
Blanching, Tony struggled to answer, “You, Captain America, are scared of the dark?”
—————
Steve, not fighting, stated dully, “Tony, this is an abuse of your power. If Captain Fury finds out about this you’ll be in serious trouble.”
"Wait, you know each other?!" Clint cried. Slightly disappointed that he couldn't just have a cool thing to himself for once. Someone always had to steal his thunder.
"I know my training is impeccable because I learnt from the best." He reached out to rest his hand against Steve's arm effectively halting his movement, "But that's the point. You're the best and we need you." He had a strong sense of deja vu as he recalled several times where he'd been begging the larger man before, "You'd be saving people."
Without another word, Tony was left standing outside the bar on his own as Steve rushed away. The other man’s name died on his lips as he realised calling after him would be useless. The remaining detective peered around the dark streets and sighed to himself mournfully. He had never been in a single relationship where he didn’t somehow screw it up.  He’d lost all hope of being with Steve so he could only pray that the man didn’t tell Fury about what had happened. Steve didn’t seem like the type of man to seek revenge but then he was a fan of sticking strictly to the rule book.
“Hey, look here, Mr high and mighty. I’m talkin’ to you.” The words were more growled than said, “You're a laboratory experiment, Rogers. Everything special about you came out of a bottle.” Silence reigned and after a moment that felt like an hour, Tony began to pick up on the grimaces on the other’s faces, “Why do I suddenly feel so out of the loop?”
The steaming cup was done in record time and he’d taken extra care to ensure it was exactly right since this was the man he was trying to fool with his masquerade. Carefully, he placed the Americano down and slid it across whilst trying extraordinarily hard not to spill it. He coughed and lowered his voice to call, “Americano for Steve!”
It said, No, I tend to heal faster than most people. Besides, it’s always frustrating trying to describe pain and injuries when we can’t understand each other.
The date goes very wrong.
They were both staring at it in an awkward silence and both pretending that their hearts weren't pounding at 100mph whilst resisting the urge to peer across at their colleague. A single bed was shoved into the corner of the tiny box room with a single blanket and pillow. The house was on its way to being derelict and the sound of rats in between the floorboards was less than comforting. Their eyes traced the object in uncertain anxiety. When they'd accepted the undercover case they hadn't exactly been given details about their accommodation; all Fury had done was apologise for it as the options were limited with such short notice. They didn't realise just how bad he actually meant.
There was silence at they stared at each other. Cap's mind was ticking over at 100km as he fought an inner conflict. Mind versus heart.
“Do I look foolish enough to trust you?” Tony spat, his eyes holding their ground in the stand off.
The voice from the floor commented bitterly, “I don’t know what’s worse. Being arrested or having to watch you two flirt while it happens.”
He heard voices and ran as fast as he could while still minorly unsteady on his new leg. Somehow he managed to find the exit of the unfamiliar building and dart away. It almost felt like having his real leg back with how smoothly the device evolved to cope with his strides. The sound of his feet pounding against the tarmac echoed through his bones.
“I really appreciate what you did back there, Stark.”
“As much as I enjoy your company, I’ve always got the impression you only talk to me when you have to.”
"And do you think you've got what it takes?" The eye-patched man stepped forward, glaring.
The harsh lighting caused the gang leader’s swollen cheekbone to glisten as he rose from the table and left. The image of the criminal’s ruffled blond hair that feathered over his forehead would stay with Tony for longer than he thought would be necessary.
Tony was heading out from their latest, seemingly never ending, briefing when Clint caught up with him. Not caring if Clint got offended, Tony frowned and peered across at him. If Clint was around him he was usually up to something.
It was only after the initial adrenaline rush was over that Stark looked around to gauge who was injured. His eyes instantly stuck to Steve’s hunched over figure sat leaning against a wall. Nat was crouching beside him administering first aid and reminding him to breath. The darker haired man rushed over and gasped at the sight of blood trickling from Steve’s side.
“J, Lights.” There was light.
Clint dumped himself down on the end of the large bed with a sigh, "It's... complicated. He's not like me or Nat. We are protected by Shield so we are more or less safe to live wherever we want but Cap... He's an assassin and a good one too which means people want him dead. For anyone in the world to know where he lives is a danger to him. One torture session and someone could have his address and a bullet with his name on." Clint nibbled at the inside of his lip, "The first time I went to his home it took me months to find it and then I tried to go back a year later when I needed his help but he was gone. Some family lived there instead."
"Yes." She said at the same time, making their words clash. They peered at each other for a moment before she leant up against the table and crossed her arms, "A few times I've been hired to do a job but by the time I get there this joker has already been and gone. I didn't think you had even noticed me until that one time..."
“What?” He stopped walking and turned to face his teammate.
The bar was dark when a damp Steve arrived mere minutes before 8 o’clock which made it harder to scan the room for his date. His stomach tightened when at first he could see his fellow detective anywhere in the long bar. He felt awkward walking up and down the room peeping into the booths and tables so came very close to leaving when he felt someone tap his rain-soaked shoulder.
“Oh God, Tony.”
Tony plated up and led them over to the table. Once he’d placed the food down, he signed,
If his face could get any warmer they’d be able to turn off the building’s heat and instead warm the office from his cheeks alone, “Me and this man… engaged in sexual relations.”
Steve smiled back, "and yes, I still love getting caught in the rain with you."
Steve coughed and mumbled, “M’kay...” His eyes wander down to Tony’s underwear pointedly.
Nodding quickly, Steve leant forward and initiated the kiss. He smiled, “I like kissing you.”
Steve nodded, “I have a prosthetic leg.”
Tony squinted into the darkness until he could make out Steve standing only a few meters away. He suddenly knew that his ruse in the shop had been unsuccessful and Steve seemed to know what he was thinking.
Doctor Erskine approached him with a smile, “Perfection. Now to get you a prosthesis and get you back on the battlefield, soldier.”
Steve’s mouth fell open when the boy began to sign,
Even though the man couldn't see the action, he shrugged, "And associate myself? No way."
Before he knew it Steve was being lowered into a casket-esque contraption with no promise he’d even make it out alive
"It was so nice to see you, Doctor!" He nodded, "I'll let you get back to your day."
He coughed slightly as if extracting himself from a reverie, “Anyways, after the serum I continued in the army for a while until I ended up in the frost and, well, you know the rest.”
The detectives glanced back and forth to see who would have enough guts to complain in front of the other. Eventually, Steve couldn’t risk Stark painting him in a bad light so intervened first.
Tony rolled his eyes but knew that Clint wasn’t blowing him off. Dark brown eyes pleaded with the man, “I just want to make sure I’m making the right decision.”
Suddenly, a box with a note taped to it caught Steve’s eye and he lifted it carefully.
From where he was on the floor, Stark muttered, “Um... Light up, J.” Light followed.
"How could you lose him?!" The small man cried.
"Help me? How?" He needed help, he wasn't denying that. He was just confused about how to actually be an apprentice of an assassin. An apprentice of the assassin he was just employed to kill.
“Stood up?” The guy asked, taking a couple steps back to lean against the bar and sip his drink.
Phil glanced between them suspiciously for a moment before smiling, “That’s great! Don’t let me disturb you.” He began rummaging through files in a nearby box.
Tears streamed down his face and the only sound was hisses of pain and gasps as another spasm of hurt would hit him. They were unrelenting as they hit him in constant waves so he never had a chance to catch his breath between attacks. He’d managed to at least pull himself through the doors of the tower before it overwhelmed him completely. He continued dragging himself like an injured animal on his front for a few moments further until it was simply too much. He’d not managed to move any further since then and he’d gone past the hope of waiting to see if anyone would stumble across his spasming figure.
"And do you have some ID, Doctor?" The man asked, ticking his name off the list.
The genius wouldn't never admit that he jumped when the calling tune blared out across the workshop despite the evidence video Jarvis now had that proved the contrary. His dark eyes peeped up at the device where it rested on a workbench across the room. He rolled his eyes and refocused his attention on the microwires and chips in his hands. Whatever Pepper wanted could wait until he was next in the office. However, as the tone continued to scream out something inside him caused him to discard his work and pad over to the cell and he was ever so glad he did as his heart pounded when he noticed the caller ID: Captain Mystery Assassin.
"Wright!" He cried, already tugging the man towards the corridor leading out of the large hall in simulate urgency, "Quickly! Your wife. There has been an accident!"
Was Steve in pain? Most definitely. Was he going to admit that? If it was going to earn him more unwanted recovery time off then most certainly not! He was a stubborn man and had been labelled more than once as a workaholic. It was a quality he wasn’t exactly ashamed off and proudly worked hard in order to maintain his dream of becoming the Captain of his own precinct one day.
“Okay,” Natasha called from where she was flying the plane, “We are over the landing spot. All out! See you in a couple of minutes.”
He didn’t know whether he was pleased they didn’t have work tomorrow or wished they were forced together to allow him to apologise.
Steve sent him a scathing look and pulled his arm away to continue pacing, "I'm currently running from a murder and you thinking helping people will convince me to join your band of Merry Men?"
“How about starting from the beginning? Holding hands, kissing, touching, touching where? No sex, no masturbation?”
“You’ve just proven my point!” Steve cried whilst Stark’s gaze shot between the man and the surface, “And again! What have I done to you?”
“About Rogers? No, of course not.” Stark defended himself against Clint’s questioning.
It was only three days since they had returned from the undercover investigation but Tony purposely avoided meeting eyes with his colleague. The tension between them was palpable but he desperately tried to ignore it since he wasn't even sure if Steve was actually into him or was just getting revenge for him fucking with his feelings in the past.
After a few hours, Tony marched over with an unfamiliar case and slapped it down on Steve’s desk. Before Steve could claim that they weren’t partnered on this case Stark was saying, “I need you to sign off on this.” He was gone before he had even finished the sentence, having instead to call over his shoulder as he marched away.
“Tony?” Steve asked in shock. However, the shock he felt today was much more pleasant than the distain he would have felt a couple of weeks ago when they first met. Their relationship had somehow transformed during that time.
After she went he turned to Tony,
Softly, he murmured, “I think I’m falling in love with you, Steve Rogers.”
The idea of a late night run had been close to genius as it helped him clear his mind and unwind. However, somewhere along the line something had gone terribly wrong and he was now lying on the tiled ground floor of Stark tower with only a handful of meters between him and the elevator.
Clint finally scoffed, “And they never checked for a wire? Sloppy.”
--------------
"Oh shit. You're on a job right now?" Everything was clicking together for the genius. "Where are you? I'll come and get you."
The make up and Epilogue!
The soldier turned his head to watch Tony’s interpretation but the genius only chuckled and pointed his attention back to the boy. Steve frowned and peered down at the blond kid.
Steve appeared almost visibly pained as he gritted his teeth and pulled at his hair, “I
On this, Stark looked Steve directly in the eye but the man’s butt sprang to his memory so he had to look back down at the surface of the table. He cleared his throat as he realised that he just proved Steve’s point so was now in a pretty sticky situation.
He watched as Steve inched forward to pull the prosthetic up onto his lap so he could begin assessing it. It was sleek and didn’t seem to hold even half of the technology of the SHIELD one, no wires were on display. The light metal was cool against his fingers as he silently touched the leg.
They hung up and within an hour Tony had locked up the store and was heading home for the night. He could feel butterflies sprouting in his stomach and he tried to convince himself it was due to a progression with the case, not just the fact that he would be seeing Steve again tomorrow.
This was not the plan. This was not the plan. Why couldn't oblivious targets act how he wished for once? Don't they know they're part of a bigger picture?! Well, no they don't and that's the point.
Steve has been hurt in the past. Will Tony join the group of people who have broken Steve’s heart?
She shrugged when everyone's eyes flicked between them, "I was tired of him stealing all my jobs."
, he signed after freeing his arms from the thick duvet.
They entered the lab and proceeded to fall into an argument and Steve knew he’d regret participating in it later. Steve said stuff he knew he would regret and Stark gave just as good as he got. When the soldier finally left he felt like nothing had been sorted or established. The only thing he knew was that he didn’t like Tony Stark and that Tony Stark didn’t like him.
“Rogers, Detective Stark.” The two criminals shared a nod, unspoken communication appeared to pass between them, before she turned and left the two men alone. Tony’s stomach flipped at the sight of Rogers in what must be one of his finest suits as he had to do a quick double take at the way it nipped in at the man’s slim waist.
Tony smirked, “You should have. You’d probably be getting more than a prosthetic leg now if you did.”
It was almost as if Steve could read Tony’s rapidly firing thoughts as he gently eased the other man’s hand away from the scar tissue and onto his shoulder. Now was not the time for reliving trauma. Tony didn’t try and explore the scars further as he knew from his own experience how triggering it can be.
"Yes, I know and quite frankly I owe you so many I'm surprised you haven't repossessed my farm." He gave a gentle smile. Reminding Steve of their relationship and friendship that had endured years.
Steve answered.
Steve could feel Tony’s arms around him and it took the large man a moment to realise he’d have to engage his legs, the most painful part, if he wanted to make it up to his room. A groan echoed against the shiny walls and floors, a sound that only just managed to escape the gritted teeth.
-Two Weeks Later-
Steve raised his eyebrows, “Have you ever been shot?” On Tony’s head shake he continued, “Then you have no idea how bad it hurts… but it is definitely getting better.”
It immediately dawned on him that he hadn’t opened his eyes yet due to them being scrunched up in pain. It hadn’t even occurred to him to attempt to do so on the journey in. With what felt like a Herculean effort, he wrenched his eyelids apart to peer up at the woman.
"Yes, of course he does. He just chooses not to use it." The ‘out of respect’ and ‘I wish you’d get the hint’ remained unspoken.
“What do you think you’re doing?” He snapped, clearing using what restraint he had left to prevent himself from cussing out both men. His eye was nearly popping out of its socket in anger.
He rose and stepped down from the stage until he was situated in front of the boy. Before he had the chance to even fully open his arms, the boy had run into his embrace. The cameras went mad, snapping photos that would doubtlessly make the front page. The tight hold of the tiny figure reminded Steve of exactly why he’d never wanted to hear. The deaf and hard of hearing community were full of the most special kids who needed someone to look up to and identify with. Steve was glad that for this kid that could be Captain America.
Steve met up with the team and headed down to the lab for a quick catch up on Bruce’s attempts to track down the tesseract. Steve hoped he could do it; the man deserved a win after everyone had just been talking about him turning into a giant green monster all day and the scientist had definitely heard what they had been saying. Steve had already decided that he liked the awkward and uncomfortable scientist as they had both faced adversity throughout their lives.
The genius began pacing in circles as he waved his arms around repeating “what the fuck” like a mantra.
His dark car was hidden several roads away in a back alley away from prying eyes. The streets were silent at this time in the morning with only the sound of a busy road far off in the distance. He skidded around the corner and smashed straight into his own car. He flew over the hood of the car, hurting his side as he made contact with his definitely moving vehicle. The brakes squealed but it was unnecessary as the assassin already had his hand-gun out and was wrenching the passenger door open. Gun first, he leapt in.
"Delaware? "What have you done? Are you drunk?" He chuckled.
One by one they jumped from the jet, Tony taking off in the suit, Thor flying off too whilst the others used parachutes. He watched them drop down below where he was hovering before zooming off to kick some bad guy butt.
It was several sweaty hours (and several drinks) later, Steve was having the best time. He and his new friend were dancing, drinking and they’d made out a few times but Steve wouldn’t be telling anyone about that tomorrow. The feeling of being relaxed and free was strumming through his body when suddenly, he felt someone tap on his shoulder. He span to see Detective Stark smirking up at him with his arms crossed. The taller man open and closed his mouth several times, goldfish-like.
Temptation leaked into his expression. He'd always help Clint no matter what as they were like brothers but was this pushing too far against his morals. He wasn't to be a part of an organisation again like when he was in the military.
Suddenly, he spots him. The doctor, only a few years older than Steve himself, was strolling leisurely beside one of the smaller ponds. It was time for the assassin to make his move.
“Look out! Shit storm coming to land!” He watched as Hulk, Clint and Natasha all peered up and dashed away from the falling debris.
Then Tony moved. The energy he had repressed since the case being unlocked meant that he couldn’t stop so he leapt forward to lock their lips together. Steve’s body reacted immediately, leaning forward into Tony’s embrace and kissing him back with passion.
The older man leant against the door of the car with a soft look on his features, “You’re my partner. It’s my job.”
Resting against his pillows, he flicked on the lamp beside his bed and, for the first time, fully took in his leg. His thigh stopped a few inches above where his knee would have previously been. The scar tissue was old and faded due to the serum so didn’t have the angry red marks he would have had previously. With the gentle fingers of an artist, Steve’s touch ghosted across his stump and he flinched at the illusion of pain. Phantom pain, he’d been told about it. The longer he inspected it, the more acceptance filled his heart. More than anything, he was just pleased it was him that stood on the mine rather than one of his squad.
“Care to look around?” Steve practically purred.
“Well, I feel that went well.” Tony grimaced before shuffling around the larger detective and heading for the door. Steve, on the other hand, just continued peering at the floor in disappointment.
Tony knelt down in front of his teammate, his hands hovered over the metal leg as his eyes scanned the device. It was more advanced than most you’d find in public use as obviously SHIELD had obtained the very best for one of their key weapons. Tony hoped that he’d be able to get a proper look at it soon as he was very much intrigued by its inner workings.
2 months later-
"Wait," Stark was smirking, "These two both tried to kill you and neither succeeded? Woah, you guys were bigging yourself up way too much."
"He trained me himself." Clint added to Fury.
"That'll be fantastic." Sarcastically, his words flowed from his mouth. He turned away and began to leave but first threw over his shoulder, "Hopefully that won't inconvenience his majesty too much."
"That's Clint. He's always been a primadonna. You get a paper cut and he'll already be calling 911."  The large man sighed against the soft pillows behind his back, "He puts on a tough exterior but he's soft as a puppy on the inside."
Thank you for reading!
He looked up to see Steve's blue eyes gazing down at him with a soft smile. The rain was the only noise for a moment as they peered into each other's faces.
Tony spun around and a sudden flood of guilt washed over him. Maybe he should have listened when the old man on floor four called out the window saying that Steve clearly wasn’t in. Tony brushed off the emotion and instead focused on the man.
It was an old, red brick building with a small door on the side to admit visitors and due to Tony’s extensive research on Steve, he knew that it had once been a shoe factory. The windows were small and high but looked liked they had not been replaced since the original factory as they were thin paned and grimy. The detective strode up to the door and realised that there was nothing to indicate that the building was currently in use as no signage had been put up so Tony knew it was one of those ‘you know where to go if you’re in the know’ situations.
The mission had started and Steve still hadn’t met Tony Stark or Clint Barton. He’d met Natasha and Bruce on the landing strip when Coulson had arrived with him. They seemed nice enough and he was eager to know what they could do in battle after hearing such good things. After many years of commanding a squad, he knew the importance in having the best team possible.
Steve was visibly upset, he kept his eyes down on his food and Tony knew full well that not looking up was a defensive technique he employed. He knew he had to dispel this nonsense but he didn’t even know where to begin. Maybe subconsciously he was missing hearing someone’s voice, hearing them say his name, feeling like he couldn’t engage in group conversation without interpreting for Steve. But he didn’t want to believe that he could leave Steve because of that. He wanted to believe that he liked Steve more than any of those assholes that would dump him because of his deafness.
“Well,” Natasha hesitated, considering Steve’s privacy and state of recovery, “You know where he lives.” She stated before striding off to her next task.
He doesn’t know when he falls asleep but is jolted awake by the sound of the front door being closed. His mind followed Steve’s progression as he listened as the man shucked his jacket, pulled off his shoes and lined them up (and also pushed Tony’s further in line) before following the soft light into the living room. Tony felt a familiar warmth spread through his chest at the sight of his husband in his tight white shirt and tie. The white made his honeymoon tanned skin glow brightly.
The Captain sat there, mouth open as he was lost for words. He raised his hands and signed slowly,
“What?” He frowned, Tony better not be messing with him.
Steve spoke as he dropped in bag onto the damp, wooden floor, “I guess you'd better take the bed since you'd have to chase the perp if they make a dash.” He had been okayed for basic detective work but the doctors had advised him at least a few more weeks until he could return to peak physical exertion, “You'll need to be on peak form.” He began to push his bag across the room to where he'd use it as a pillow.
“Rogers.” He replied, “Stressed?” The man’s hair was sticking out at strange angles from the frequency that he had been running his hands through it.
Once the Captain was finished he rose to wash his dish but turned back to face Tony.
The coffee place was nice though, he had to admit that. It was warm and cosy inside which was perfect in comparison to the drizzly gray weather he could see through their large bay windows. Even in his short time here, he’d managed to pick a table in the window as his favorite and that wasn’t just because it gave him a view down the street of Rogers’ warehouse building. Why did all criminals choose warehouses?
Not knowing what to think, he stared down at the genius and felt the hardness he felt towards the man soften. The protective ice around his heart began to thaw. He pushed himself up into a sitting position and peered around the room to where he saw his prosthetic lying on the floor, bent at an unnatural angle. His eyes followed up the wall to where a large hole had appeared and he quickly put two and two together. The memory of him throwing the leg come back to him and shame flushed through him quickly sending his face red.
"Is this the 'specialist' you found? He looks like an Action Man." He scoffed, doubting everything from Cap's abilities to his intelligence. He span back to gaze at the large man.
Tony lowered his mouth onto Steve’s dick and moved all the way down until he could feel the throbbing tip pressed against the very back of his throat. Having learnt to deep throat years earlier, this posed no issue and the genius took him deeper. Moaning, Steve curled his fingers in the dark hair as Tony continued his ministrations. The deep warmth was too much for him.
Clint hung up. He knew Steve well enough to know the man would be too out of his head on pain meds to make much sense. He'd send a text though with the same instructions in case he didn't understand.
He rolled his eyes at another colleague abusing the detective-ness, “Nat, can I come up?”
“Fine, get in the car but if you die it’s your ass on the line.” He was still halfway through the sentence when Steve was hobbling down the stairs full speed, suddenly beaming.
Natasha peered up at him in surprise, “You did?” She shook her head, “I always assumed Tony would make the first move since you were denying the fact you had chemistry!”
“Tony, I don’t feel anything about sex. I never have. The thought of it and the... the doing it just make me uncomfortable.” He groaned at himself, “I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have even come here and done this to you. Why’d you ever want to be with a freak.” The word freak had been ingrained deeply into his mind as so many people he’d either told or been in relationships with had rejected him and called him a freak. He didn’t know how to fix himself but he wished he could.
Tony wiped Steve’s tears and kissed his cheeks where they’d been, “Now, how about a movie in bed? I can get us some ice cream to cheer you up! You get first dibs on the Ben and Jerry’s flavor.”
It was after the meeting when they collected the details of the case.
"What the fuck has happened?" Fury leant on the table, leaning towards the trio.
He signed.
Steve frowned as confusion clouded his mind, "I do?"
“A mine... His leg.”
“Woah, woah, woah!” The man called out. His voice immediately registered as familiar to the detective making him slow down, “Steve!”
(See the end of the chapter for
The interpreter had called in and cancelled last minute which meant that Steve was currently sat in the board room watching people discuss details of their upcoming mission. Usually, he could lipread pretty well so wouldn’t have too much of a problem keeping up with the conversation but the boardroom was always chaotic. He watched as Clint and Tony broke out into a particularly passionate dispute and everyone was talking over each other. Steve only pursed his lips and raised his eye brows.
Steve huffed out, “Not helping,” in between ragged breaths.
“No seriously, look.” Stark pointed in the direction of the bar they were scouting out. They both watched as the old man with white hair spoke the secret entry password and entered the bar. They shared a look before jumping out of the car and running as fast as they could after the man.
Stark visits Steve but an urgent call from the precinct interrupts them.
"I was just checking the weather... I mean, I was asking what time... Okay, the truth is that I wanted to know if he really didn't know me or if that was just a front he put on." His shoulders drooped a little instantly telling Natasha that A) The assassin really didn't have any clue who Stark was and B) Tony's ego really was that inflated and fragile.
“Okay... Where to start...”
However, at this moment the homeowner strolled back into his living room, forcing Clint to shuffle back the hide most of his body around the wall. He kept his eyes glued to the person though. He was definitely the target. Who could forget that blond hair and bulging muscles from the ID picture. The man was wrapping his forearm in bandage while wincing. Clint now had the evidence to suggest this man was the assassin he'd beed hired to kill. He pulled his handgun out of its holder and waited.
A fake gasp came from Tony, “Language, Captain.”
~Memory ~
“He doesn’t want to do it.” Tony was trying not to raise his voice at Fury but he wasn’t particularly good at keeping a level head.
Steve grinned out the window at his colleague, “Now, that was a take down.”
Steve couldn't help the twitch in his lips, "You're still caught up over that?"
Fury nodded in agreement and hummed in thought.
“Tony?” Steve asked in a confused tone.
“I am so sorry.” Steve rushed out to say, “I’m not thinking straight.”
Steve couldn’t help but grin. He stepped over to his husband and grinned down at him until Stark grabbed hold of his tie and tugged gently to bring them closer. Steve followed along, pressing their lips together but he couldn’t control his smile.
He hurried away, slightly embarrassed that he’d seen Captain America in such a vulnerable position but knowing that the man’s butt would haunt him whenever he laid eyes on him again.
A sudden shot rang out followed by a gasp of pain that Tony’s brain immediately recognized. Another shot was fired.  Stark’s instincts wanted him to stop and check who was injured but knowing that someone willing to shoot was in the same room as them prevented him. Instead he barged forward, knocking the weapon from the shooter’s hands and began forcing the criminals to lie on the floor with their hands over their head.  The team helped him detain them efficiently.
“Anyway!” Tony called significantly too loudly for the silent room, “I hope you heal up soon and manage to get back to the precinct before long… Okay. Okay, then. Bye” He garbled out his sentence as he backed out the doors without giving Steve even a second to piece together another sentence.
“Tony, I’ve been in the hospital before and Nat was the only one to visit. What’s different now?” The raise of his eyebrow brushed a sense of guilt onto Tony’s conscious. Despite them being equals in position Tony had always felt like Steve was destined to be a captain and therefore somehow deserved more respect than himself.
“Steve?” Fury asked without much conviction. Rogers was the best detective they had in New York and twice as dedicated than any other officer. The idea of him actually leaking information to anyne was practically laughable. In fact, some staff at the back were stifling a chuckle at the thought of Steve doing anything that wasn’t 100% by the book.
“Good morning,” Her voice was bright and friendly. She checked her watch to tease him, “Or should I say, afternoon?”
“I have given it a lot of thought.” Steve spoke slowly and calmly. He ignored the scathing look Stark threw in his direction, “You need sex, Tony. It’s so ingrained in you. But I... I don’t like sex so it only makes sense for you to fulfil your... needs somewhere else.”
They landed a street over from the epicentre and the team quickly ran towards the beast. It was easy to find as screams and the sounds of it breaking things echoed out from its location. Thor and Tony took off into the air to get a location on the thing and guide the team in. Rocket blasters at full, Tony was powering ahead so it was only by pure coincidence that he glanced back to the team. He had to double take when he noticed Steve was falling behind; usually Steve took the leadership role on missions and lead the group during the fight. Something seemed off to the genius so he quickly curved around and headed back despite Thor’s confused looks.
"I don't owe you a fa-" He started.
“Um Steve... I was thinking about that thing you suggested last week?” Controlled and calm, his voice sounded like he was making a business deal as he wanted looking for sex to seem like nothing more than a transaction between strangers.
He hadn’t opened his eyes yet as the rocking of the stretcher jarred his body, sending shots of increased pain through him. The panicked voices of the men saturated the usually quiet air. For some reason it brought to mind a swarm of bees gathering in defence of their hive with their buzzing being extraordinarily loud.
There was no noise from Steve aside from the rustling of his clothes and the wind until the man finally stopped running. Tony could practically hear the frown in his tone, "You realize  that I am an assassin, Mr Stark."
“Yes, that might be the case but you could have just saved my life so… Thank you, Tony.” He admitted rubbing the back of his neck. He believed in giving people recognition when that recognition was deserved even if the individual was pretty much insufferable.
The ding of the elevator opening was like sweet music to both their ears and within minutes Tony had settled Steve on the end of the nearly made double bed. He didn’t have time to take in the room as he couldn’t take his eyes off the man writhing in pain.
He glanced at his watch. Steve wasn't even due for another hour.
"Fine, I'll help you but this doesn't make us friends." He snapped, crossing his arms.
When he looked back up to his partner he was shocked to see the man had a microphone in hand and a cheeky smile on his face.
"This was more than a bruise. Clint was verging of hysterical." Tony cried as though to reinforce his point.
“And?”
His hand was now tightly gripping the other man's bag and his own identical bag, stuffed with fake doctor's papers, was now closer to the stranger. Yepsem didn't seem to notice the switch and instead focused on helping up his alleged acquaintance. Steve almost felt bad scamming the friendly man.
Fury is angrier than ever when information is leaked about Steve and Tony's case. In the process of investigating the leaker, some information about Steve is revealed to the whole team. Everyone is shocked especially Tony Stark.
It was at this point in the night when Steve started to sob. It was all made worse by his feelings of lack of control over the situation. He felt like he’d created a lose-lose situation: Tony goes out for sex and he could find a new partner or Steve asks him to repress his sexual energy and Tony eventually gets bored and leaves!
“I’ve been distracted…” He muttered, rubbing the back of his neck.
“I just don’t feel like Stark takes it seriously… at all. He’s always cracking jokes when he’s supposed to be working and messing with people. That's without mentioning how he flirts with everything that moves!"
Shaking his head and handing back the towel, he said, “I think I need to head home and think some more about this.”
"What's going on?" Tony muttered.
"Come? Come where?" He asked, unsure whether to be laughing or deadly concerned.
“Firstly, don’t sleep with the man. We know you, Tony. You sometimes struggle to keep it in your pants. And secondly, don’t allow him to manipulate you. Don’t go tomorrow as he’ll have staged the whole thing. Don’t go anywhere he invites you.” The man advised. This was all information Tony knew but simply often acted against his own advice.
Tony grinned and looked back up to his date, "If you like Pina Coladas..."
As soon as he had fled from the room Natasha popped up from the other side of the bed where she’d been hiding on the floor. She placed the spoon, which is what she originally ducked down to get, back on the side table beside the orange jello. Her glare was pretty severe as Nat crossed her arms and tutted at him reproachfully.
Steve nodded in understanding before he pushed Tony’s hands out the way as he was taking too long and unbuckled his own belt.
"It was a work thing. I swear." He raised a hand as though pledging his honesty.
“I spotted you before you had even stepped through the door on your first day.” He smirked, something sparkled in his blue eyes.
Barton picked up his speed as he got closer to the building and slipped down the alley way next to it. He peered up, whilst shielding his eyes from the rain, at the metal steps ascending the side of the building. He found a trash can abandoned nearby and used it as a boost for him to jump off. His fingers snagged the rusty metal of the ladder and proceeded to haul himself onto the first level. Clint huffed out a breath.
. His right hand touching his chin and moving down. He smiled as he went.
Steve was still floundering from being interrupted during his big reveal so luckily Natasha was there to step in. She lifted a file, “I needed to look back at an old case to check if it was related to the Parson case I’m looking into now. Steve said he had the case out recently so helped me find it.”
"The beginning I know but it's a bit blurry." He gave a shy smile and uncertain shrug until it pulled his wound causing him to stop and wince.
Except maybe from Nat. She’d given him an almost identical understanding smile when she’d found out his dislike for sex within a few days of first meeting. She’d been the first person he’d told in such a long time but she made him feel so at ease. His thoughts snapped back as Tony leant in to kiss him.
Mere moments later, Natasha rolled up in her car and immediately noticed her friend behind the wheel of Tony’s car. Her eyes were focused solely on Stark as she took the perp from his hands and delivered him into the back of her car. Her eyes gave off a warning that Tony didn’t know how to interpret; it felt like a death threat somehow. He swallowed the lump in his throat as she climbed back into her car and rolled down the window. The engine was rumbling still and she spoke as she began to pull away.
Sam’s jaw dropped, “The asshole you’ve been complaining about for years?”
“Is that anyway to act towards your superior?” The taller man asked with a façade of seriousness.
“What happened?” It wasn’t very often Steve turned up on her doorstep a mess; it had only occurred once in the whole time she had known the man. Her detective skills led her to believe that Stark had somehow messed up again since he always seemed to be doing that.
-------
“Uh, it’s partly my fault because I decided he-“ Steve began to explain when suddenly he heard the familiar clicking sound of handcuffs and his arms were being shoved behind his back, “What on earth?!”
“Tony, I-I can’t hold off any longer.” The soldier groaned. The gentle touches and kissing had meant that he’d Egan to get excited long before Tony had even started.
Clint span his head around to stare at his kidnapper... or host? Or captor? Hostage taker?
“Don’t even think about it. I thought similarly bad things of you.” Tony replied as he got ready to leave again.
Tony continued to learn his way around Steve’s chest through his fingertips and promised himself to commit it to memory. They shared in the companionable silence for some time before Tony spoke again.
"Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome to the dance floor for their first dance, Mr and Mr Stark-Rogers!" The DJ announced.
Aside from a slight make-out session that night, he and Tony hadn’t exactly confronted what had happened and now they were back to regular life it almost felt like a blurry dream that definitely didn’t happen. He didn’t have the guts to ask the other man about it in case he got shot down which would break his heart after he worked up all of his bravery to make the first move.
The guy barely had time to struggle before the chemical had taken over and his body was slumped unceremoniously in the assassins arms. He forced some more from the vial down the man’s lax throat to ensure Wright wouldn't recover. In 12 hours, the remaining chemical will have biodegraded beyond recognition equalling an invisible murder weapon.
Please note: This chapter is NSFW
He jumped in a cab and was at West’s in only a matter of minutes; not long enough for him to chicken out of attending a gay club alone anyways. He peered up at the bright, neon sign for a moment, the music could be heard from outside, before taking a breath and stepping inside. He pushed to the bar in order to find something that would halt the anxious feeling in his stomach.
Steve was just glad Tony would be able to get his sexual tension out with someone. Even if it wasn’t him. He kissed him gently.
“And I’m sorry for how I acted afterwards... I realise now that I had completely misjudged you and it was so wrong of me.” He flushed in his shame.
He laughed, the freest laugh Tony had yet to hear from the soldier, “The goddamn leg deserves it!” Reality seemed to settle moments later, “Is there some reason you’re breaking into your guests rooms in the night while they’re sleeping?”
It took a moment for Steve to compose himself enough to answer, “No, it’s just... I broke your wall.”
Steve took the boy by the hand and led him out of the door whilst signing to Tony to find the mom because he had just decided that he was taking them out for ice cream. Turns out the boy had wasted no time in telling his new friend about how much he loved strawberry ice cream. Tony found the mom easily and led her back to meet Steve.
The inventor had his hand on the door handle when Steve’s voice stopped him, “Why’d you do it?”
Moments later a nurse came skidding around the corner; clearly responding to Stark’s frantic calls. She peered down at Steve and smiled to him. He prepared to tell her that he was deaf so couldn’t understand her when she suddenly raised her hands.
Steve was rightly suspicious, “What is it?”
Outside the car, on the street, things were turning to chaos with people running and shouting in all directions. It was hard to distinguish the victims of the bank hostage situation from those criminals simply fleeing the scene now that several police units had arrived at the same time.  Steve immediately lost sight of Tony amongst the crowd but he continued scanning the people rapidly; he may be off duty but that didn’t mean his detective instincts had just gone dormant. His blue eyes snapped across the road to see Tony getting in a struggle with an apparent perp. Without thinking, he moved to dart out the vehicle but the stab of his wound stopped him moving. He watched with baited breath with a hand pressed against his side.
Minutes later he was out on the street heading to the subway under a flimsy umbrella Natasha had lent him.
"It's not," The assassin sighed, fingers lightly flicking the corner of the paper, "I mean, in the bigger picture, he's does a lot worse for a lot less."
The clouds threatened a storm and the two men, looking anxiously up at the sky, began the ten minute walk from the coffee house back to the Tower. They were returning from a successful first date that hopefully would not be sabotaged by the rain. They chatted lightheartedly about their drinks, their weeks and their futures whilst keeping half an eye on the looming weather.
“One: You’re not sleeping. Two: it’s hardly breaking in when it’s my house. Three: I thought you were out because Jarvis said all lights were out.” He shrugged. He stepped closer to the bed, “I wanted to bring you this.”
“And when I became interested in you I knew that you often disregard those rules.  If you weren’t who you are I wouldn’t have… become interested in you. I like you for you even if that means you sometimes go against my morals.” He explained in a stuttering and unusually ineloquent manner.
“Oh no,” Clint cackled out between laughs, “I’m not laughing at Steve. I’m laughing at you.” He suddenly went deadpan, “I think you need to think carefully about what you’re doing. You’re Tony Stark, playboy extraordinaire. If you hurt Steve in anyway you know we’ll be all over your ass.”
Steve appeared to pick up on the cop’s unease, “Sorry for being so candid but I felt like it would probably be a good place to start for your tour.”
“Who are you? What do you need?” Shockingly, his voice was somehow confident.
Steve was still stood by the switches. Eyes squinting in Tony’s direction, he huffed out a breath and slammed the lights off again. By now, Tony had begun to feel the tension loosening from his shoulders. He smirked slightly, realising that his ability to talk to Jarvis gave him an advantage.
Steve's lips disobediently curled into a smile.
He stood, braced in his 'stand-to-attention' military pose, with tight shoulders and cool eyes like stone. He wore his all black outfit he usually saved for when he was out working but today he was aiming for professional with a side of Don't-ask-me-anything. All in all he made a pretty impressive sight.
Without being able to see, Steve already knew the dark haired man was rolling his eyes, “Yeah, I know… but just because I’m pretty open about my sexuality doesn’t mean I know everyone else’s business. It’s such a stereotype that all non-straight people know each other!”
They repeated the process again: lights off and lights on and again.
A smile began to curl up Barton's lips as he gazed up at his new mentor. This day could only get better; not being dead, getting a mentor and free breakfast!
“Does it still hurt?” Tony asked, dumbly in a hope it seemed somewhat sympathetic.
“Tony is a dick and Steve is the opposite of a dick. Tony is loud and obnoxious while Steve is quiet and reflective. What I’m trying to say is that yes, I thought they’d make a bad couple but that’s because I’d never seen them as a couple. Seeing them as a couple allowed me to see them each as an individual more clearly...”
Tony knew he didn’t need to reply. Instead he dropped a soft kiss on the other man’s blond hair and could feel the familiar squeeze around his heart as Steve began to drift off unheeded.
“Here,” Steve whispered gently as he shifted the smaller man onto the bed, “Lets get you cleaned up.”
Steve realised it was meant as a light, joking comment but the idea of his colleagues all whispering about him being a prude behind his back felt like a slap to the face. If he had been more sober he would have controlled his expression but unfortunately the hurt and upset translated onto his face extremely clearly. Stark didn’t get a chance to clarify his statement as Steve had grabbed the hand of his friend and rushed off through the crowds. Stark dropped his head into his hands as he realised that he had most definitely fucked up.
By the time Tony’s mind had managed to formulate a witty response he knew that Steve would be long gone into the night. Probably off to do some crime or throw a tarp over anything even remotely suspicious at his building.
Steve smiled gently, “If you still wanted that drink I have some beers in the fridge.”
“Um, sure. Whatever.”
"Mr Stark, come and hold pressure on his wound." She commanded, pushing the assassin's limp hand off his shoulder.
The sound of glass bottles jingling accompanied the hiss of the opening refrigerator as he reached in to fetch himself a beer.   Condensation was cool against his fingertips while he sipped the amber liquid. He moved through to the lounge and dumped himself down onto the couch like a heavy sack of potatoes, beer licking at the rim of the bottle in threat of spilling over. Tony rested his legs up on the seat beside him to allow himself to stretch out and lie back.
Tony’s hands ghosted Steve’s body appreciatively. He had always known the man had a good body but feeling it properly for the first time was a completely different experience. Steve’s muscles shifted under his touch in response to the sensation.
“Unwanted? Are you kidding?”
"I thought he was supposed to be good? Is he dead?" He asked seriously. "But why was I not informed immediately?"
Steve knelt up and crawled to the edge of the bed. Tony stopped so they were face to face; with Steve kneeling they were nearly perfect height. The soldier reached up and cupped his partner’s cheek in his hand and smiled softly when Tony automatically leant into it.
She clearly could read the upset in his voice as she had already buzzed the door open before saying, “Come up, Steve.”
They pulled apart when a beam of light hit them. Shocked, they glanced up to see the sun breaking through the storm and sending rays down on them through gaps between the buildings.
Until that day, he’d just have to endure more interrogations and meetings with a dangerous man that somehow made his heart flutter.
It was light when he woke up as the blinds weren't even pulled down which didn't help his pounding headache. It took him a moment to remember where he was; at which point he was surprised that he'd even woken up at all. Clint scanned the small bedroom before frowning when he noticed he was on his target's squeaky bed. He wasn't dismembered or disembowelled or anything else beginning with 'dis-' and he wasn't even tied up. Instead he had the majority of his clothes stripped off and hung on the radiator over in the corner, a thick blanket holding him down and a glass of water and a pill beside the bed which he assumed would ease his head pain. He wouldn't consume either though. He may be a rookie but he wasn't stupid.
Peering over his shoulder, Tony’s voice seemed sad, “Because you deserve better.”
As he stood, he looked up at Tony with tears welling up at the bottom of his blue eyes and his partner quickly wrapped up the interview.
“NYPD! GET ON THE FLOOR!” Detective Rogers shouted, his gun raised aloft close to his chest.
Cap huffed a laugh while exiting the room once again. He called back, "What would I gain from that? I could have just killed you while you were sleeping. Tip one: Never make a job harder than it needs to be." He entered back with all Clint's equipment in his arms and a large duffle bag to conceal it, "And I'm not being rude but I'm more of a lone wolf these days and it's already 2:30pm so if you wouldn't mind eating up then getting out."
Nobody had time to question the men on their sudden behaviour change as within the hour they were being suited up and shipped out to the emerging battle scene. They’d been informed and prepared to face a giant globular monster that had landed only an hour ago with intentions to destroy the human race.
"It had better be a strip dance..." Tony grumbled as he was dragged onto the dance space. He glanced around uncertainly as their friends gathered around.
A tall man with long dark hair was giving him his most charming smile when he introduced himself. Steve was uncomfortable at first as he didn’t always trust random people who approached him in bars. He had experienced some negative situations in the past where people couldn’t get the hint that he really did not want to talk with them and they didn’t take it well when he expressed that explicitly.
“I was with him all night.” Clint chimed in with a nod at Stark.
Was this a trick question? It felt like a trick question so Barton asked, "Is this a trick question? I use a gun because that's what you're supposed to use, what everyone uses, it's easiest and quickest."
“I think the world has waited long enough.”
-The next night-
The assassin shook his head, "They weren't the first and won't be the last. I was, and am, ready." He peered straight into Stark's soul with his stone cold gray eyes.
"Woah, woah, woah! You're fine with that? Being unconscious for days? Nearly dying?" The billionaire demanded. Mr My-Life-is-Private-So-Nobody-Connect-with-Me was okay with being carted from hospital to the tower without his knowledge or input on planning?
"I thought he was aware he still needed care!"
Steve looked away as the heat of his embarrassment increased, turning his cheeks bright beet red, “I’m sorry. I really should have said something instead of just attacking you like that.”
Natasha marched in seconds later with a stretcher she had found aboard the jet. Wordlessly, she lay it out beside the injured person and together all three of them managed to hoist his huge frame onto the stretcher. They had Steve in the jet and in the air less than a minute later.
Cars surrounded him and a man in a dark coat and an eye patch approached him. Immediately Steve was suspicious as he’d learnt from the comics of his youth that the men with eyepatches were usually the villain of the story.
Tony laughed and he was surprised when a slight noise of laughed came from Steve. Their eyes met and they smiled.
He needed a taxi to take him home so he could re-disinfect his wound where his sudden movements had ripped the healing area a little in the edge. He had all the first aid supplies he would need for this simple process but most importantly, home had bed which is exactly where he'd want to be.
He twisted around, despite the screaming of his side, and pushed out the door. He was out in mere milliseconds, already pacing in front of the vehicle. Clint sighed again, watching him in the headlights for a moment before joining his friend.
"Do you eat pancakes?" The target asked after waiting long enough, "How about bacon?"
The smaller man loitered by the door as if waiting for something but, just as Steve opened his mouth, the smaller man opened the door and marched out quickly.
Steve hurried back towards the run down apartment he'd once again hidden in before the attempted assassination but stumbled on the step up so nearly fell down. There was blood everywhere, thanks to whoever had put a price on his head again. Why were people so obsessed with murdering him? More blood. It was dripping down onto the tarmac in heavy splats Iike a child had flicked around a paintbrush.
“Natasha is going to kill me. I’m dead. Just dead.”
A nice long one since we are nearly at the end!
“It didn’t fix my leg.” He spoke almost numbly.
“But it was against the rules.” He suggested, hesitantly. He was almost certain that it was probably against the law but he didn’t want to make it seem worse.
The door opened and Steve span on the spot, ready to fight. The unfamiliarity of the light weight strapped to his leg made him nearly lose his balance; he’d adjusted to the old prosthetic in every way so a sudden change was throwing him off. He eased slightly when a woman in US uniform walked in. Her dark curled hair was long and rested against her shoulders. His mind registered the unusualness of her hairstyle for a war time.
He heard Fury enter but didn’t look up at the man. He hadn’t yet decided if he liked him or if he was hiding something.
"You know full well I still don't know who they are so how am I supposed to know what they want from me?" He asked, verging on defensive. People have wanted stuff from him a little too much for him to completely trust...well, anyone.
However, he couldn’t put it off forever and was sat in the meeting room staring at Stark’s case board before he could even blink. Images of the drug lord and statements from witnesses were taped up and linked together. Steve was gazing off into the distance when he was addressed.
Tony looked across at the other Detectives, “I did get the impression that it was a very well rehearsal show. They must do it semi-regularly to be so versed in all the knowledge. Even the workers answers all questions without a problem.”
“Nothing! It was- You were great! I just feel bad about doing it in the files room… Other people have to use this room.”
Steve shook his head at Stark’s antics and rolled his eyes at the fact that the man would be so rude to him even after they had taken their relationship to the next level. He understood that it was vital to maintain a level of professionalism within the workplace but at least a please wouldn’t go amiss.
Even when Tony stole a spoonful.
We find out how Steve’s assassination panned out but he definitely will not reveal that information to Tony Stark.
“Oh gosh.” He covered his face with his large hands. It was definitely a bad idea giving a man like Tony such sensitive information.
“Oh God.” He groaned and allowed himself to flop down onto his pillow.
Skimmed over the argument since it’s cannon so we know what happens :)
However, he dropped his hand to rest on Steve’s waist band and, upon Steve reaching out for Tony’s own belt, he touched the other man through his pyjama pants. Their mouths parted as Steve’s breath hitched and his fingers clumsily rushed to undo Tony’s belt. It took him a moment but eventually he released him and managed to get Tony out of his skinny jeans.
“I mean… I clearly am. I can’t speak for yo-“
The solider gave his partner a very pointed look before he slammed the lights off. It took Tony a moment to realise that he now couldn’t communicate with Steve and he stood with his mouth open for a moment.
The tears didn’t stay on Steve’s cheeks long as his date wiped them away quickly.
“We may have kissed once… or twice… or…” He broke off as his embarrassment became debilitating, “But that was all!”
-------------------
Suddenly, the taller man’s fingers froze and he moved his head slightly to the left as though to observe Tony through his peripheral vision. Like a goldfish, he opened and closed his mouth several times before the fully phrased sentence tumbled out with less grace than usual.
"Sure... sure because you show this kind of concern for everyone." Smirking, Clint leapt off the bed and marched towards the door. He had to figure out a way to check up on Steve, "Give him a few days and he'll be back to normal and you can continue your usually stalking."
The tuxedo was tight but not uncomfortably so. It was just enough to accentuate his body shape but still able mask the light padding covering his shoulder. He really needed to stop pulling it and actually allow it to heal. He rolled his eyes as he thought of how pissy Clint would be when he found out he wasn’t resting it.
"It's the United States security forces but for more unusual problems." The smaller man supplied.
The Director scowled and leant closer, "What if he doesn't show?"
Steve smiled gratefully. He must have done something really good in a past life to be rewarded with a man like Tony Stark. Little did he know that Tony felt the same about him.
Emptiness.
And besides, they can’t exactly shout for me to come back when I’m walking out.
He dropped back into his seat panting while his side protested it's existence, "Clint. I should have known. You literally tried to kill me, you little shit." He used to hate swearing but after so long surrounded by murderers and assassins you tend to just pick it up.
He smiled in the direction of his colleague’s retreating figure and shook his head with a newly developed fondness.
Bruce chimed in, “They were clearly confident enough in their set up. I doubt this is their first inspection. If anything the wire just adds credibility on their part.”
The door had barely clicked shut behind Tony when the soldier had climbed into their shared bed and pulled their blanket over his head. Smelling like his partner, the bedding caused tears to threaten to overflow in his eyes. He bit his teeth together and silently told himself to get it together. He was doing the right thing for Tony and their relationship. It would be good for them.
He sat, watched and drank until it was finally a social acceptable time to show up for a 9am meeting. Throwing on his jacket, Tony marched out the door and down the street to where the large warehouse was situated.
Steve managed a chuckle, despite the humor coming from a man he never thought he’d like, “I guess I could probably try another few hours.”
“Anything eventful happen on the case?” She said, purposefully with her eyebrow risen, for what felt like the one hundredth time.
One thing was for sure, he was definitely going to keep bugging his new friend.
Minutes later, Steve was taking off his new prosthetic and climbing into bed beside Tony. They both wouldn’t admit to making the first move but somewhen throughout the night the men ended up entwined together and it was the best night sleep they’d had in years.
"Almost as though I didn't want it to be found." He grumbled, pulling his duvet over his head. He had no idea what time it was as since returning home his internal clock had been constantly out of touch.
Resting a gentle hand on his blond hair, she soothed, “We’ll see what we can do for you.” But it didn’t sound promising.
“Oh really? Because I happen to know that there was exactly one bed in the room you stayed in and judging by the sudden avoidance tactics between you two something must have happened.” She watched him carefully as he began to flush a bright. Natasha’s eyebrows rose until they could almost be mistaken for migrating caterpillars.
Steve rolled his eyes,
“What happened?” Tony enquired, his voice was quiet but, with him supporting Steve body, they were close for the soldier to hear him perfectly. Unfortunately, Steve opened his mouth to answer at the exact moment the foot of his prosthetic leg touched the ground: a controlled scream was Tony’s only answer. Instead of pushing the matter he simply hurried their pace towards the elevator as panic sank into his stomach.
Suddenly, Steve broke through the crowd and grabbed Tony's hand, "I know we said we weren't going to but I have a surprise for you."
Footsteps approached, Bruce was running back to find out what held them up. Luckily, he hadn’t yet transformed into the Big Guy so he was able to fetch his friends.
Tony kissed him in the way his subconscious had been urging him to do for weeks. His passion rushed forward as the floodgates of his rational brain burst allowing his purposely repressed feelings toward his colleague came pouring out. He had been trying to dissuade himself from liking someone so inaccessible but now everything he had played down came rushing forth and fit like a puzzle.
“Please, let me come.” Begging, he needed out of his small apartment. Tony couldn’t exactly refuse an invalid, could he?
“It’s only us.” He muttered as his fingers began fumbling with Steve’s belt, “Nobody else in the building.”
However, after a brief moment of darkness he called out to Jarvis, “Lights on, J.” Instantly the room was flooded in light.
"What?"
All he was, in his eyes, was an injured soldier.
“Dr. Abraham Erskine, at your service. I represent the Strategic Scientific Reserve and I have a proposition.”
Steve loved working in large parties. People saw so many faces and consumed so much alcohol that they'd struggle to remember their own name let alone his face. He also had the added bonus of being a blond white man in a sea of blond white men. He mingled around seamlessly until he set eyes on his gray hair target.
“A new one. I made it.” Tony stepped forward slightly, “May I?” He held out his hand to request the prosthetic.
“I know, you love me just too much to ever be sad.” The words sprang out in an almost musical tone.
"You're seriously not going to tell us?" He cried out.
Tony speed wrote, I could probably help you to hear. I invent a lot.
Sorry for the wait for the epilogue! It was my birthday this week so was off celebrating instead of writing!
Steve agreed and they cuddled up together under the blanket. Tony knew that the rest of the team would laugh if they could see Tony Stark, Playboy millionaire, being a complete softy but it was worth it for Steve.
She smirked. There was only a certain few people in this world that Tony would go to interesting lengths to get their number and apparently Captain turned out to be one of them. Romanov considered mocking him but quickly changed her mind. If Stark was making some sort of emotional progress she didn't want to be the one to stunt his metaphorical growth.
Slowly Steve allowed his grin to grow comically large as he flicked the switch and the long row of string lights lit up immediately. Even in the morning sun he could see the little bulbs were powerful enough to keep the flashbacks at bay.
“If he is worth you, Steve, then he should be willing to talk this out with you.  You know that talking and stuff hasn’t always been my forte but it might be the best solution here.”
“But I did it last time!” He moaned like a petulant child.
"If I'd known you like to be the dominant type I would have come more prepared. Although contrary to popular belief I'm not a massive fan of phone sex." The voice commented offhandedly.
Rogers conceded to her point and agreed to leave after he’d tidied up the mess. He moved slowly to increase the time before he’d actually have to come face-to-face with the other detective. Even if he was destined to work with the man it didn’t mean he had to be enthusiastic about the prospect. Finally, after what must have been an age he brushed the dust off himself and stepped out of the data room begrudgingly.
“I love you, Tony.”
The room was large but felt warmer than the corridor due to the warm colored woods, rugs and bookshelves lining the walls. Would could imagine the room before the furniture but it wouldn’t have been a pretty sight. Behind the desk was a large window that overlooked what would have originally been the work-floor as it was a huge open room that, even today, had rows of tables and equipment lying around.
To say that Tony was already riled up before the famous Steve Rogers had even stepped through the door was an understatement. His hands slapped unnecessarily hard against his equipment as he searched through data whilst trying to ignore Bruce’s concerned gaze darting over at him. Everything had been going perfectly well for the Avengers when they suddenly decide to bring in Captain Coldballs from the freezer. He’d got the sense, just from the way he’d heard the crew talking of Captain America, that their personalities wouldn’t quite click. Besides, someone had said that Steve thought he was nothing without his armor. He’d been ready to come face to face with the national icon for hours and his hands twitched in preparation to start throwing punches.
Steve's gaze slowly slid across to where his friend was standing patiently, "I don't doubt I could do it. Although Agent Barton has an unrealistically high opinion of me." The ex-soldier responded, still not relaxed from his position.
Steve dumbly repeated the same action with his mouth as his mind struggled to form any kind of coherent sentence. The dance partner shouted in his ear to check everything was okay. It was rather bizarre for Tony and Steve to be stood stock still in the middle of the dance floor essentially just staring at each other with everyone else dancing around them. The taller man just waved off his concern though. His mind was suddenly vacant of his strong-minded plan to show his colleagues that he wasn’t such a prude and, in fact, was capable of having a good time. He could identify with the proverbial deer caught in headlights and Tony Stark was the driver of the 12 wheeled-truck barrelling full speed in his direction.
It was a week after Steve had returned from his recovery time and was eager to get stuck back into real police work. However, as usual, the day started with admin as they got called straight into the Monday morning meeting.
They both laughed and Tony rested his head back against the warm chest and sighed.
However, his brain caught up quickly and he scolded himself for being so slow. Steve wouldn’t even know he’d there because he’s deaf.
It was gone 3am and Steve couldn’t move from the floor. The cold of the tile was seeping through his sweats and chilling his flesh. Only a few hundred meters from the tower a sharp shooting pain radiated out from his amputation site. He’d experienced it before and had been told all about phantom pains after his surgery but this was unlike any he’d experienced before. It felt like he’d stepped on the mine all over again and his muscle had been torn from his shattered bone.
Steve shrugged it off slightly, “It gives me flashbacks to the war. It would be night and pitch black but you’d be trying to sleep whilst knowing danger was only a few hundred yards away and that tomorrow could be the last. It was almost worse at night than any other time.”
He was alone in his room every night which was sparsely furnished and cold. It was a stark difference from the camaraderie and community you felt when living amongst hundreds of other soldiers. He wasn’t ashamed to say that he cried most nights at the loss of his leg, the loss of companionship or just the overwhelming experience he was going through.
Tony laughed and shook his head slightly.
They both perched on the couch together after Steve had provided coffee for them both. The fact Steve was still injured hadn’t occurred to Tony, in his moments of awkward social interaction, until Steve winced before lowering himself gently onto the cushions.
It was completely by chance that Tony Stark was just coming home after a very successful date; so successful that he wasn’t getting home until nearly 3:30. He froze when he noticed what looked like a pile of clothes on the shiny floor of the lobby as his mind leapt around for possible explanations.
Steve frowned and moistened his lips quickly. He seemed confused about Tony’s confusion.
He nodded silently.
The chase followed by a cliche!
"That's unlikely." The running started up again.
Steve shrugged and began to walk back into darkness of the alley, “I like you. It’s fun to play this cat and mouse game.”
--------
Steve had lived his whole life believing that he is a freak and an outcast. It’ll take more than a few months with someone who truly loves him to re-write all of the lost time but eventually it’ll happen; eventually, Steve will wake up in the arms of the man he loves and will know, without a doubt, that he belongs there and, moreover, that he deserves to belong there. Luckily for him, Tony is there to accompany him on this journey and remind him one hundred times a day that he is loved, he is safe and he is not a freak.
He stopped and peered down at the intruder, “Sam? What?!”
Those words were all Tony needed to send him wild with desire for this man. He pushed Steve back until he was lying completely flat on the bed and Tony lowered himself on his knees in front of the soldier. He peeled off the pants so Steve’s dick was standing erect only centimetres from his mouth. Tony knew Steve would be large but the man was currently surpassing all of his expectations.
The bright lights forced him to close his eyes after an attempt to see the world. He squinted against it and opened them again only to come face to face with Tony Stark. The billionaire was hovering over his bed anxiously.
At least he was pacing, Clint knew the man well enough to know he was churning it over in his mind as he walked. Standing stone still would be bad news, "You'd be doing me a favor."
Tony was ready to go out and find Steve when suddenly Clint’s cell rang. He watched him answer it curiously.
Tony was about to pick the pen up and respond when Steve added,
(See the end of the chapter for
40 minutes in and they were slowing down. Somehow the latest villain had a seemingly endless supply of bots that were doing a pretty good job of kicking their ass. The whole team had gathered near the Main Street to try and amalgamate their fighting power. Stark and Thor we’re taking them out as they fell from the sky whilst Clint, Hulk, Natasha and Steve took care of the ones already on the ground. They looked exhausted but were still trying hard.
Steve smiled,
Steve frowned and peered up at the Detective as though he was gazing at an alien with several heads, “Why?”
The next day Tony dressed and was ready to leave his flat in record speed. He didn’t want to admit it out-loud but he could feel the excitement and intrigue bubbling inside him. To avoid being ridiculously early to Roger’s office, Tony decided to grab a coffee from his store and settle down in the window seat with a great view down the street. He watched with interest as a few people came and went from the door he’d shortly enter in.
The doors hummed as they pulled a part revealing Fury leading the others from the team. Tony puffed his chest and faced them immediately. Bruce stepped further back, less enthusiastic for the genius to release his frustration.
"What did you expect?" Steve challenged while eyeing the genius suspiciously, "For me to break down in tears? Start shaking in shock? Look, Mr Stark, I understand that you don't know much about what I do but I've been unconscious for weeks before and much closer to death more than once previous to now." He forced himself to sit up slightly, "Yes, I'm good at my job but sometimes it's impossible to get out without a few scrapes and bruises."
“There,” He said softly and began to re-cover the prosthetic limb, “That should do it.”
The assassin rolled his eyes and hauled himself out of bed. He'd might as well make a move on it while the morphine was still kicking around his body. Sure, this wasn't exactly the best state for performing hired killings but while he'd been waiting for Clint to give the go ahead he'd planned it through enough times for it to be a walk in the park. Literally as his plan started in Central Park.
Tony rolled his eyes and pulled the apartment door shut behind him.
“Why me?” Steve asked, looking up at the doctor.
Tony’s eyes followed after him but he didn’t move for a while longer. Could he possibly be destined to hurt Steve?
The door clicked closed behind the man and Tony allowed himself to drop his head against the table, disheartened. After over 6 months of tracking the gang leader, the detective was still no closer to an arrest and Steve Rogers seemed to know that.
Steve merely chuckled and, with his free hand, held onto his husband's hand, "I worked it out. I know the reference."
Flushed as a beetroot, Steve opened and closed his mouth several times in a display of hesitation that nobody had ever seen from the man. A slight wave of doubt accompanied the raising chatter of rumors as people, for the first time, had to consider that Steve Rogers may have not kept information prevalent to the case confidential. For the first time, people hypothesised that there may be more to the man than first assumed.
Tony always knew that Steve was stubborn but he was struggling to believe that the man could tolerate the incessant buzzing and calling for a full hour especially when the man’s neighbors were becoming so distressed by it. The man really was a model citizen so surely wouldn’t allow his fellow inhabitants to suffer like this.
----------
His distraction continued throughout the morning until Captain Fury summoned them all for their regular Monday morning briefing meeting. All the detectives dragged themselves in to the conference room wearily; nobody was exactly upbeat for this Monday morning. Squeals filled the room as the chairs got shuffled around.
“Wrong? I thought it was my fault?” In confusion, Steve ran his hands through his hair again.
“What is up with you? I haven’t heard from you in weeks, you didn’t even notice my bike outside and you jump me?” He demands, crossing his arms.
They peered out, pressed together until Tony noticed that the downpour had had the wonderful effect of making Steve's shirt close to see through but glancing down he realised that his was similarly translucent.
The man burst in with Steve only inches behind him. The scientist peered around and began to ask something.
Tony followed the man’s lead and shuffled around awkwardly until he could look into the blue eyes, “I can’t stop thinking about stuff. The case, the precinct, this… situation.” He glanced down at the space in between them. There was hardly six inches of space separating them and making them two individual forms.  Tony frowned at the direction of his thoughts and mentally pushed back against them. His feelings for Steve had been growing rapidly over the last few months but he knew that Steve could never feel the same for a jackass like him.
The popcorn bowl fell on the ground, tossing cornels and popcorn across the plush carpet, as Tony shifted to get his body closer to Steve’s. His hand rested on Steve’s hip and the soldier was more than happy for it to stay there.
He chuckled to himself as it sent before leaning his head back against the headrest and slightly drifting off as the vehicle carried him home.
“Well, maybe you need to be the one to break the ice?” Nat suggested as she shuffled the pages to pretend to be searching for a certain detail.
“Oh shit! Sorry, I was just... Wait, why are you in bed, grandpa? It’s 9pm.” He pulled an incredulous face as he gestured to the man fully tucked up in his king size bed. All that was missing was a mug of hot coco and a glass for his dentures.
Steve had to duck his head to hide the grin that was blossoming across his lips. He didn’t want Fury to notice and get suspicious but he just couldn’t control his happiness. Finding out that Stark also wanted to take their relationship seriously was hugely gratifying. He’d always pegged Stark, as most people did, as a ‘love ‘em and leave ‘em’ type and he recognised that Tony often played into the reputation he had developed.
Tony stood up after a moment and, with a cocky smile to disguise the genuine emotion, announced, “Enough of the soppy stuff. It’s time to party!” The guests cheered and within minutes the music was blasting and people were already getting drunk.
As he was pacing, Steve was sat up in their bed with their blanket pooled around his trim waist and was pondering how many times one would have to walk back and forth to wear the plush cream carpet away. Moistening his lips, he listened to his partner ranting without paying too much attention as he’d decided that he wouldn’t be swayed.
“Have as many sexual fantasies as you want at home, Rogers. I know I’m just too damned gorgeous but for now can you focus?” Tony mocked effectively snapping the detective out of his own head.
“Wait, shut up!”
A smile ghosted across her lips and Steve could tell she was dying to say ‘I told you so’ as she had been claiming that Stark had a thing for him for months! She peered around to keep an eye on Coulson before whispering, “I knew something had happened! You two have been so weird around each other since coming back!”
"Couldn't you track it down? You're supposed to be a master spy." Stark mocked lightly.
The genius sat opposite him and stared at the soldier until he realised that he wasn’t about to be thanked. Frowning he confronted the man, “I do a fucking good deed and you act like I’m still just trash that someone left on your lawn.” He was used to praise and reward for his actions. That’s how Pepper had taught him to behave himself.
“Uh, Tony Stark?”
The fresh post-storm morning light woke Steve early but he still felt completely rested. Suddenly remembering, he span around to see if Tony was still sat on his bed but the man was gone leaving only wrinkles in the sheets he’d been sat on. The soldier sighed in slight disappointment but he didn’t want to start analysing why he was upset when he hadn't even had a chance to wake up completely.
“Really?” He squinted his eyes suspiciously, “This isn’t a bet or prank?”
"Sam? Sebastian? Scott?" He began listing off names, "Samuel, Simon, Seth, Steven, Sage?" He barked out, "But how did you do it? I honestly can't stop thinking about it?"
The contact of Tony’s fingers with the warm metal of the belt was like a bullet as Steve was immediately on his feet and nearly knocked Tony completely off the couch in the process. The genius was half on half off the floor.
The details in the brief had specified that the man's apartment was on the 5th floor of a large apartment building but he did have a window that fed directly onto a fire escape. Even from this distance, Clint counted the floors, he could see his target's light was on suggesting he was home or maybe paranoid of burglary.
"Doctor Aaron Yepsem." The name flowed off his tongue easily. He was essentially a professional liar and had become adept at it over the years.
“What the...” he muttered under his breath as he peered down at the green pants, he could barely see the angles and straps of the prosthetic under the fabric.
"Uh, no. I'm not a vegetarian." He called to the other man.
He spoke as though his transgression was more than obvious and Tony was just playing dumb, “I made a move on you when it was unwanted.”
It was a couple of hours later that Tony realized that his husband had vanished. Luckily, the man was easy to find as he was out on the empty balcony peering up at the stars. He jumped when Tony’s gentle hand rested on his back.
“Okay, will I need a notepad?” Characteristic cheeky smile in place, Tony settled down on the bed opposite his new partner.
“Steve!” Tony screamed as he shot towards Steve hoping that he’d at least be able to push him out of the direct line of impact.
Tony’s heart suddenly ached for the man. He knew phantom pains, knew what it was like to live with technology to assist your living. His own archreactor reminded him daily of what he went through all those years ago. Doubtless, Steve’s amputation gave him physical pain and the emotional pain of being transported back to the trauma of it happening. Stark couldn’t help but ponder how it happened.
Drinks @ 8. The Bellvue. –T
Steve was already there when they arrived. However, he wasn't sat at the table, instead he was peering out the window over the large grey base. People moved around it like ants. His eyes scanned the area as though he was actively searching for something hidden in its midst.
... There’s something wrong with me.” After the admission he dropped down on the edge of the couch and released a weary sigh.
"You're in my tower so you're safe but you really don't remember what happened?"
"What happened? Where am I?" He peered around the room again.
“What was your fault?”
It was one week later and Steve had decided to turn in early. He’d spent a couple of frustrated days alternating between trying to make do with his malfunctioning prosthesis and having to use his crutches. Him throwing the leg against the wall (which was all fixed now) and turned out to do more damaged that he’d intended. The leg was struggling to deal with the damage and the shoddy repairs they’d done last minute to ensure Steve would be able to fight that day kept failing.
Fury looked down on the man with his cold eyes, “I think it’s about time you got back to saving the world, don’t you?”
-4 days later-
Maybe it was his eagerness which was his downfall. All he knew was that one minute he was leading his men through the trees and the next he could barely breathe through the all-over body pain.
The questions went on in a similar vein for a while longer until they were nearly at the end. He answered about his recovery, the mission, his team and, obviously, his deafness. Tony’s translations were growing slower and Steve himself was beginning to feel weary as they were approaching an hour. He permitted a couple more questions before they left and he was forever glad that they did those extra.
“I could ask the same thing.” The man stepped closer until Tony could almost feel his warm breath against his cheek. His eyes were even more beautiful up close and they didn’t seem angry, just weary. Tiny drops of rain were collecting on his pale hair in perfect little pellets.
The Avengers were more than shocked when they found someone waiting for them in the conference room the next day. Did they have a guest to their briefing? They all shot each other suspicious and alert looks.
Steve moved his mouth away hesitantly, “Is this- Is this really the place?” He sighed out when Tony began sucking against his neck in a hint of what was to come.
The sudden pressure had Steve’s knees weak making him grab hold of the shelves behind him to stabilise himself.  He breathed deep as Tony’s tongue began to circle the head, bringing out every trick he knew to provoke those sounds. Successfully, he noted smugly.
"How do you know it's him?" Stark asked, sipping his coffee and nodding down in attempted neutrality at the newspaper.
-One year later-
A week later-
His new leg was made of wood and leather so was heavy but with Steve’s new strength it didn’t pose much of a challenge for him. The joint was rudimentary and hard to manoeuvre but Steve didn’t want to complain. The doctor promised to develop a high tech prosthetic to make it easier for Steve in the field and he knew that technology was always offering new opportunities.
“Good night, Steve.” He said.
Opening the door, he jumped as he nearly walked straight into a large figure. Steve was leaning against the rows of shelves with his hands running through his blond hair. The two detectives met eyes for a moment and Steve quickly pulled himself together.
"I'll let you work that out for yourself. Let me know when you know it."
The short man sighed too, "I can't..." The whole table began to groan in desperation when he piped up again,"But I might know someone who can."
The song finished but they continued laughing for a few minutes more.
Minutes later, Stark was still trying, unsuccessfully, to extract information from Steve about his late night antics. However, he was secretly sure the man probably just got too engrossed in searching for mistakes in the crossword puzzle until 2am… it had happened before. They both jumped as Fury’s office door was thrown open, threatening to smash the glass panelling, and the man marched out with a look of utter rage carved into his face.
“Fury? Oh yeah, Stark’s right here with me. Okay? 10 minutes. We’re on our way.” He hung up and looked up at Tony, “Get the suit.”
“No, Tony. I’m just... broken.” He refused to look anywhere that wasn’t the floor. Hatred flooded his heart.
“Shit!” Tony grasped at his chest, “Jeez, you nearly killed me, man!”
30 minutes later they were a decent way into Dirty Dancing. Steve said he liked how it was closer to his time as it was set in the 60s and when the dancing scenes came on he would hold his hand to the speaker to feel the beat. When they weren’t signing or feeling the beat, the two men would sit with their fingers interlocked.
“It happened so quickly, I didn’t get a change. It all went wrong anyway.” He sighed.
Fury was disappointed in the result but seemed to dismiss it quickly which left Stark curious to what the man had up his sleeve. It was rare that Nick just let something slide. He lowered himself into one of the large chairs that sat adjacent to the mahogany desk which was littered with paperwork. Tony’s curiosity burned within him as he saw Captain Fury pull a case file out of a drawer on the desk. He didn’t wait long until it was revealed:
He pulled the trigger and the small metal death sentence sliced whisperlessly though the air until it plunged into the back of the man's head. The man collapsed onto his knees before hitting the ground. There was no way he'd survive that.
A couple of weeks later and Steve had begun to work through his anger towards Erskine about lying about the possibility of his leg being fixed. But, he also knew that if the doctor hadn’t lied then he probably wouldn’t have been here at all; almost everyone was in consensus that his infection would have taken his life.
"Director Fury. This is Cap and he's willing to help us take down Doctor Wright." Barton finally introduced when he realised that the two other men were too busy inspecting each other to actually start communicating. He expected it from Steve, a secretive and sceptical super assassin, but not from Fury.
Steve glanced around the precinct as each detective sat at their desk typing up case results, events or just secretly browsing social media. So far only Natasha, who happened to be watching him at this very moment, seemed suspicious of what had happened between Tony and Steve during their undercover mission which had completely changed the atmosphere between them. She kept asking him questions about the task that she usually wouldn’t care to ask. As he continued surveying the scene whilst trying to consider who may be suspicious, he accidently made eye contact with her again and she jerked her head towards the old case file room before stalking off. Steve recognised the signal; it was well known around the precinct that if a private conversation needed to be held then the files room was the place to hold it.
Steve had only agreed on the condition he remained basically anonymous to Shield on a whole. That was going to be a challenge considering how he had basically just swung in through a window, setting off every alarm in the whole building sending every staff member into a frenzy.
Steve tried not to look disgruntled, “But nothing happened after that. It has just been kind of awkward since then.”
Everyone was pushing out cases at a rapid pace as a report on their monthly arrest figures was due at the end of the working day and they needed every arrest they could to ensure their precinct remained above the average standard. If they fell below too often cuts would be made inside the office meaning colleagues would be lost. Fury was watching them like a hawk from inside his office; on a day with such a deadline he wasn’t about to allow them to slack off by gazing at each other.
"-Starrrch?" The voice wavered. Stark could imagine the owner's eyelids slipping closed despite significant resistance, "Pluze, come."
It was soon after that he could tell Steve was coming close due to the way he was struggling to control the bucking of his hips. Stark pressed his hands against the firm hips to try and steady the other man.
Steve adjusted himself in the seat, clutching his side, "What about you though? I thought you'd sold your soul to a corporation?... Oh no, are they after me?" He joked, darkly.
“Oh, I just thought because…”
“Oh, Tony!” He tried to plaster on a fake smile, “You’re back!”
“Yep, I’ve got the paperwork in my office. I’ll show you later.” It was a promise that Rogers remained true to some time later and it proved that they were legally registered as a charity, much to Tony’s surprise.
There were plenty movies out there that Tony liked but now that Steve didn’t want to watch Die Hard he wanted to watch them even more on principle. How could he be deprived of his favorite movie? He mumbled curses under his breath hoping that Steve couldn't see his lips.
"And getting caught in the rain..." Tony laughed.
He struggled to see the keyhole of his apartment in the shadows; he leant to the side to allow the streetlamp to light the keys path into the hole. The darkness of the outside is mirrored inside the building as he has to remind himself that for Steve’s first few weeks at his new job he would have to work late in order to catch up with everything the other precinct was in the middle of.  Dumping his bag, he entered his home and kicked off his shoes and began to head towards the kitchen before remembering that Steve liked to keep the shoes in line; a remnant of his experience in the armed forces. With the tip of his toes he tapped them gently until they lined up beside Steve’s running sneakers.
"No!" Bruce jumped in, worried they behind to hear about some human eating centaur again, "I'm sure Shield have a process for this kind of thing. Just wait until Fury gets in."
"How did I not notice him?!" He demanded, skidding to a stop and smashing his hand into the down button on the elevator.
“Thank you,” Tony’s hands were still placed under his leg and, even though it wasn’t his flesh, the action felt somewhat intimate and Steve couldn’t help the blush from rising to his cheeks. He’d never seen this side of Tony before and he’d have to take some time to think about what this meant.
She feigned innocence and frowned slightly, “I’m afraid I don’t understand.”
It was their wedding day and, if Tony could brag, Steve was looking divine. Their dark suits largely matched with only slight differences in the patterning on the lapels and they were both tailored to perfection. Clint somehow wiggled into being their best man and it was precisely his best man speech that Tony was nervous for. They’d been friends for years but their typical banter might not translate to the public arena as well.
‘Deaf voice’ - https://youtu.be/StcYKdjhwXE
“Hey look, Rogers. Looks like there’s no shortage of evidence after all.”
2 hours later, the two detectives hugged the very boundaries of the mattress in a desperate attempt at preventing their butts from touching. They lay facing away from each other in silence despite both being completely aware that the other was fully conscious. Neither wanted to be the first to break the silence but the tension was thick around them.
He suddenly snapped his mouth shut as the door opened. Both detectives leapt over to a nearby pile of cases and grabbed whatever one was on top. Deputy Coulson entered, looking confused at their presence in the room, “What are you two doing in here?”
“Whoa, whoa! You two went on a date?!” Eyes growing wide, she demanded information, “And you didn’t tell me?!”
"Doctor Yepsem!" He forced familiarity into his voice as he marched forward with his hands stretched out ready for a handshake, "How long has it been?! Too long!" He hoped his enthusiasm would wipe over the vagueness.
Striding back to his desk, Tony was already thinking of the challenges that would lay in store over the next few weeks. He really wanted Steve and knew that anything to get more information would help.
He fell back into the small apartment and threw his arm out to catch himself. It left a long smear of blood along the pale wall and he muttered an out of breathy mild curse. He pushed himself over to his bed where he flopped down to place pressure on it while pulling out his cell phone.
Steve answered, They offered to get a translator but it would take them a couple of days to get the person cleared or whatever they do so I said not to bother. Agent Coulson has learnt the basics but I’m asking questions about the mission and he’s answering with the question “where is bus stop”. I prefer writing it out anyways. Much more personal.
She peered at him over the rim of her ‘world’s best detective’ mug, “You know where he lives. Why don’t you go and ask him yourself.” It was a question but was posed as a definite statement.
"Bacon?" Barton's still muddled brain struggled to comprehend.
. There was a moment of silence before Steve continued,
“Really really. I’m done messing with you Steve and I realise now that when I have in the past was a huge mistake.” His cell started ringing, breaking the well cultivated atmosphere between them. He glanced at it, assessing the urgency of the call before apologising and picking it up.
They watched as the man called again, “Come on, Steve! I said I’m sorry! I didn’t mean to screw it up!” He began shivering severely as he moved over to hold his finger against the ringer for Steve’s apartment.
Unprepared for this sudden intrusion, the criminal ran straight into the side of the car with a large banging sound, sending them cascading to the ground in a groaning heap. Technically, he couldn’t sue them as he had run full speed into a parked car by his own volition. Tony peered down at the criminal when the car window buzzed down.
Steve jumped up with as much excitement as a kid on Christmas and began hanging the lights across his bed’s headboard. Once it was complete he nodded at it in satisfaction and tried to ignore the warmth spreading through his chest at the thought of Tony buying them especially for him.
Clint laughed and set the vehicle going again. He turned in the opposite direction of the warehouse and sped away.
"There is nothing wrong. He's just drawing unnecessary attention to himself when we need him alive and preferably unarrested. But wait, "Suspicion dropped itself over her sharp features, "Why were you calling him?"
The reminder of his job title snapped Tony out of the trance as he was suddenly thrust back into the realisation that he was currently working a case and the extraordinarily attractive suspect was flirting with him but he must resist his charms.
“Yeah, but I also now know that on top of those things you’re kind, caring and compassionate.” Steve smiled down at the man.
The voice replied primly, "Mr Captain has already left the tower."
“Everything would be so much easier if I could kill you.” The voice muttered.
Steve shot him a look that read ‘Don’t push it’ with a raised eyebrow before turning and strolling off in the opposite direction, “Goodnight, Detective Stark.”
“I told you he definitely has a thing for you. He was a bumbling mess when talking to you!”
“Steve?” Unsure, Stark’s voice lacked his usual cocky tone.
The coffee was steaming hot but, due to his attention being sucked elsewhere, he periodically slipped on the caffeine even though it burned his tongue slightly. He’d probably notice it in a few hours when he tried to eat or drink anything else. Almost compulsively, Tony checked his watch every few minutes to ensure that time was passing in the right direction; the last 45 minutes had felt like the longest of his whole life.
Steve nodded once before speaking, "So when can I go?"
“Fine. Yes, I’m pretty sure he meant it considering how if you put our arrest numbers together it’s higher than the rest of the team’s put together… But you’re still a couple behind me, for the record.” He added the second bit afterwards as though it was merely an afterthought and not something constantly spinning around his mind; Steve was always doing better so Tony would jump and any evidence which proved they were equals.
“Really? Well, I guess I wouldn’t blame him. If you go too long without seeing this face you get withdrawal symptoms.” He chuckled lightly but his dark eyes traced the lines in between the tiles on the floor. Over the years he’d become proficient in the art of disguising his emotions but sometimes, when his brain was working double pace, a slight twitch of the mouth or eye would give him away. He shifted his stance.
As everyone slipped out the room Steve couldn’t help the small smile that grew across his face.
Within a few months Clint had jumped up several levels and was ready to begin working alone. However, he never stopped thinking about Steve and everything he did and sacrificed for him. He managed to find him a few times to check in but it was definitely a hard man to track down.
They continued making out as Steve’s hand snaked down between them and grasped his member. Tony gasped into their kiss and it only encouraged the other man to stroke faster and harder. The billionaire could feel himself being wretched towards the precipice and he knew he was going to come any moment. Just the thought of Steve Rogers jerking him off sent his stomach muscles clenching and his eyes screwing up.
Steve and Tony were standing opposite Fury with each a different expression on their face; Fury looked weary, Tony was angry and Steve was just plain worried. The deaf man tried to read the other’s lips as they argued and he could only hope that Tony was representing his point of view well.
It was getting dark by the time he'd made it back to his apartment building but luckily it was during that quieter time of evening where people were usually already home and having dinner with their families having finished work a few hours previous. He was grateful for this as he really had no explanation for his outfit: sweatpants that stopped above his ankles and a tshirt that looked close to splitting in half and showed a little too much of his lower abdomen in his opinion. Stark's wardrobe had limited options for a man of Steve's size.
Once they stepped out the bar and into the pouring rain Steve snapped, “How could you do that?! Not only did you humiliate me in front of the whole bar but you abused your power as a police detective!”
"I got a call from you and at first I thought you were high or drunk or both." He scratched his beard as he recounted the last few days, "By the time we got there you were pretty close to bleeding to death but the medic saved your life. We had to in hospital for the first day or so, and you had your blood transfusions, until I demanded you get transferred here for safety. You had a full time nurse and all the machines for a couple of days until you were showing signs of improvement. She still pops in twice a day but I mainly care for you now with Shield helping here and there. So you've been unconscious for a few days." He explained, he watched carefully for signs of shock.
The smaller man couldn’t recall the last time a partner had been so responsive and that fact had his cock demanding attention even more. He placed his own hand on his penis and began jerking, hurried strokes in an attempt to keep in time with Steve. He moaned at the sensation which triggered the same response from the standing man.
Stark watched the assassin carefully. He didn't doubt that the man had lived through worse but now he'd met him, he didn't want Cap to go through anything ever again. At least, not if he could stop it. He had the ability to protect this man and he definitely would, even if the other man did his best to shake his efforts.
Intelligent eyes stared into his face for a moment before she stepped back from the doorway to allow him entry. She closed the door behind them and began speaking as she climbed the concrete steps up to the next level. Tony followed just as she knew he would.
The sobbing prevented Steve from hearing when the lift stopped at their floor. It stopped him hearing his lover calling out tentatively. It wasn’t hard for Tony to find him though as he just followed through to the bedroom where a lump of blankets were curled up. He frowned down at the moving sheets.
Again, the soldier chuckled, “Oh yes, I thought you were stuck up, spoilt and an ass.”
Tony peered around in confusion. They'd explicitly decided that they wouldn't be doing a dance as neither of them would be comfortable dancing in front of their guests especially when the likes of Clint and Natasha were present. They'd be persecuted for years for their lack of coordination and rhythm.
“Then don’t. Come for me.” Tony purred. He took Steve into his mouth again and with barely a touch the soldier came.
Tony shivered, “Sounds like that really shouldn’t be lawful.” He mouthed Steve’s bottom lip to try and elicit the noise again.
He rushed up the stairs and was nearly at his door when there was a click of the lock and he mentally cursed his life. The old lady from across the hall shuffled out with a warm smile. He tried to smile back but the wound was draining all the happiness from his heart.
Steve decides to have fun on his own so heads out to a gay nightclub. This doesn't exactly go to plan when he bumps into Detective Stark while on the dance floor.
Despite the crackly quality to the recording, the voice was still undeniably dripping with charisma as it spoke, “Thank you, Detective. I’m very much looking forward to seeing you again.” You could nearly picture the eyes roaming up and down Stark’s body, or at least Tony could.
“I was with Barton all night,” Tony gestured across to the shorter detective, “He needed help on a stakeout and since me and Rogers weren’t making much progress on the Jensen case I offered.”
Tony blanched at the man’s sudden change in tone, “The last thing I want to do is hurt Steve.”
“Usual case of just intel gathering, detectives.” Deputy Coulson informed them, “We need to keep an eye on a building in Brooklyn for possible large scale illegal arms dealing.”
“Wait here!” Tony shouted as he leapt out of the car and slammed the door.
"Yeah, I went to get some this morning. Do you eat it? You're not vegetarian or something?" He asked as he backed back out to the lounge and through to the kitchen.
“Until recently everyone assumed you were a prude but I saw the way you were grinding with that guy.” He said with a chuckle, “I’d like to say we had bets placed on this but nobody believed this could happen.”
"Did you see that?!" Tony gasped, wiping the water away.
“And can this individual confirm your whereabouts and lack of contact with the media?” Fury asked, his disposition unchanged and his tone unflinching. This caused Steve’s gaze to shoot up in a mix of surprise and confusion, “Well? Can he?”
Tony’s signs were beginning to make sounds as he slapped his hands around carelessly.
Natasha's red hair hung around her bowed head like a veil; it shielded her face from the same around her. Behind the cover her eyes were rapidly scanning an article with her knuckles tight around the easily ripped paper. The further she read the increasingly negative her reaction became which was exactly why Tony was so confused when he entered their shared kitchen of the tower.
“Yes, but his affiliates haven’t and what is the likelihood of a mob boss collecting his own drinks?” Fury challenged and Tony had to admit that it was a logical argument, “Besides, nobody in the precinct knows Rogers and his operation like you.”
“Didn’t think?! You didn’t think?! That’s your problem, Stark! You never think through the consequences of you actions!” His face was flushing red with passion and he went to snap some more but stopped himself, “I can’t… I just can’t deal with this.”
Sam Wilson finds out and Stark makes the next move!
"Aren't you supposed to be his best friend? He's your mentor?" Confused.
“Oh my god, Steve!” He dropped down so he was eye height with his friend, “Are you okay? Nat, will he be okay?”
The taller man tried to make conversation a couple of times over breakfast but failed after a couple of sentences as Tony was proving to be an unwilling participant. The two ate their breakfasts and drank their coffee in an awkward silence. Steve kept glancing up at his companion, worried he’d done something to upset the man.
The gun was hot in his hand but he didn't have time to wait around. He dissembled it quickly with a few swift movements and slipped it into the dark duffle bag before slinging it over his shoulder. He needed to get out quickly before someone walked in to find a master assassin packing away his weapon. That would be a little more than just awkward.
The rain didn't lighten up and after a few minutes Tony began to feel the effects of the frantic sprint through the cold rain so tugged on Steve's hand to pull him into an abandoned doorway. The space was tight so the rain was mere millimetres from touching them and their bodies were pressed closely together.
It was over an hour later when the last criminal had been taken off the scene in the police van and the injured thug had been transported to hospital. Rogers and Stark were left behind and began making their way over to the unmarked police car they’d been staking out in. It was once they got there that Steve spoke.
Eyes closed and head thrown back at the sensations, Steve wasn’t prepared for the feeling of Tony’s tongue against the tip and it moved along the slit so Tony could taste the pre-cum. The soldier was balling his fists into the covers of his bed as he began to squirm at the slow, teasing nature of Tony’s touch. He knew exactly how to wind him up and would ensure it was a journey full of desperation and need.
Eventually the man sighed and padded back through to where he'd come from, the bedroom Clint assumed. Barton waited a while before slipping the many locks on the man's window. Quietly, he encouraged the window to slide open which allowed him to climb inside. The smell of the room, like cotton and workout sweat, hit him suddenly but it was the opposite of unpleasant. He crept to the bedroom door and peeked inside to where the man, surprisingly to Clint, was knelt praying beside his bed. Eyes closed is ideal for murder.
“Please,” Tony scoffed as he led Steve towards the exit. Patrons were watching fascinated at the opportunity to catch a glimpse of a dangerous criminal, “Everyone knows Nick loves me.” Every knew that Nick certainly did not love Tony. He could barely go a day without cursing the rule breaking, meeting ditching, know-it-all detective, “Besides, I just couldn’t wait any longer to see you in a pair of handcuffs.” He purred flirtatiously not realising that Rogers took the responsibility of policing with a touch more importance than he did.
“Whoever is getting married would be smart to purposely ‘lose’ your invitation in the mail.” Stark crossed his arms as he huffed. Clint was practically dripping in mischief and Tony didn’t like it.
Steve nodded which made Tony continue, “But, for now, how about another movie and we get snuggled under that blanket?”
He wasn’t dumb; he was going to die and that knowledge didn’t scare him at all. He’d had enough sleepless nights to ponder his death and the select number of friends he had probably wouldn’t even notice him gone. Except maybe Bucky. A stab of guilt wracked through him as he though of leaving Bucky behind. He hoped that somehow Bucky would be informed of his passing.
“It’s you.” He rolled his eyes at Tony’s obtuseness, “I heard through the grapevine, a.k.a Natasha’s snooping skills, that you and Steve are a thing now? Bet you had to beg to get that ass.”
Steve smiled, “Sounds about right. I think that’s mostly everything but I’ll keep thinking.”
Steve couldn’t help but allow his mouth to twitch slightly. A doctor once told him that he wouldn’t live beyond the age of 12 and now here he was nearly 70 years later. All it took was a little help.
They exited the office and headed further along the dingy corridor until they came to a another door that allowed them access to the production floor. Tony used the journey as a chance to question Steve slightly more.
Steve was just finishing up in the gym. He’d removed his prosthetic leg and was stretching out his muscles on the mats. Sweat glistened across his exposed back and torso. He hardly even noticed the scars marking his skin now that so much had happened to him. His brain was too busy dealing with the present rather than the past.
Thor was next and, not as adept at reading body language, he barrelled towards the newcomer with all intentions of giving him a bracing hug to solidify their relationship as brothers in battle. However, Clint managed to snag a finger in a loop of his armour to tug him back. The blond was confused but accepted it as yet another bizarre human social convention. He slipped into a chair at the table next to where Bruce was standing.
It was when the meeting had been dismissed and the team disbanded that both Stark and Rogers, acting independently, approached Captain Fury. They glared at each other as though they had claimed the time after the meeting to talk with Fury for themselves.
He took one step into the room and froze, frowning at the usually emotionless spy. Seeing her expressing anything just felt so wrong. He stepped towards her quietly and, despite her usual ability, her anger had clouded her senses meaning she was unaware of his presence until he was only a meter away.
“Real mature!” He shouted more for his own sake.
“You can stay here.” She offered.
"Sure, let me try again. You're useless to me so get out. Oh and if you actually want my advice drop out now." His tone was harsh but his expression was concerned.
“Help,” The soldier managed to vocalise through his clenched jaw. His face was red and veins were prominent on his forehead.
Steve dropped his plates down and put his hands on his hips in his classic pose, “You haven’t looked me in the eye all morning and whenever I try to talk to you you act so weird.”
Moments later, Steve was coming with the cry of Tony’s name on his lips. He slipped down so they were both on the floor and grabbed Tony’s lips in his and kissed him passionately while his hands aided Tony. The darker haired man huffed and stammered against Steve as he came soon after. They leant against each other, their breath mingling, as the took a moment to collect themselves.
His clammy hands scrambled for the switch of his bedside lamp which he usually left on overnight to ward off midnight memory attacks. This time, however, as he flicked the switch rapidly, the room remained void of light with the low grumble of the weather outside. Steve could feel his chest tighten at the prospect of being isolated in a power cut with no hope of light for hours. Almost on cue the memories of terror began to seep into his awareness.
“Who’s there?” His voice rasped due to lack of both water and use. Without fully realising it, he suddenly knew he’d been asleep for much longer than he thought.
Clint flicked on his comms, "Fury, best get the Avengers to the conference room. I think that person I was telling you about has just arrived." He muttered evasively in case anybody was listening in.
The inky darkness moved until the stranger was close enough to form a silhouette against the background. He was too drugged up to fully react how he should so just continued frowning at the figure.
Steve didn’t know why he wanted to cry but he knew he wasn’t about to let it happen moments after his life was saved.
“Nobody has to know. It can be between just you and me.” Stark stated, wiping their sweat and mess off the floor.
The second the moment had passed Steve felt like a fool. They were kneeling on the floor of the files room together, sweaty and out of breath. It suddenly dawned on him that anyone could enter the room at any moment as the precinct is a rather public place. He could feel the red flushing up his neck but Tony’s hand smoothed over the heating area comfortingly. Steve’s brain wasn’t working fast enough to allow him to figure out why it soothed him so much.
The soldier frowned,
“You’re in a recovery room in New York.”
Stark’s head lifted minutely from the pillow but barely wasted a glance on the damage, “Don’t worry, someone will come and repair it today.” The genius lowered his head back down and closed his eyes, “You’re not seriously getting up now, are you? You’re body probably needs a rest after last night. Not to mention, I’d appreciate another couple of hours.”
“What?”Tony was not prepared for this confrontation. He hoped that Steve, like himself, would be happy living a life where they never communicated again due to his mistake, “What are you talking about?”
They kissed and neither knew how long for but they split as their lungs became desperate for breath. As they parted the billionaire suddenly realised that his hands had snaked up onto Steve’s naked torso with his fingers caressing the hardness of his abs. He felt slight bumps which were the light scar tissue left over from the accident. He dropped them awkwardly and Steve chuckled.
"Ah, but that's not me. When on a case I'm in disguise and in character. Sure, S-... I might not wish to talk with that person but Luke Chamliss or Michael Smith is more than willing to talk to anyone."
Stark gets into Rogers’ base with frustrating results.
He had a feeling he'd woken up before but forgotten it like when you wake up during the middle of the night but can't remember it the next morning. However, Steve could swear he'd woken up several times but, he cracked on eye open, he wasn't in his bed.
"What if I pretend not to know after you told me?"
Steve frowned but it transformed into a slight smile as he followed Tony’s gesture to the piles of cocaine and drug money stacked up on a table. Some of it was scattered on the floor from the raid but there was certainly hundreds of thousands of dollars strewn around the area.
His muscles clenched and his brain suddenly stopped functioning as the orgasm hit him full force. Closing his eyes, he fell forward and rested his head against the man’s broad chest and the soldier held him up while chuckling gently.
They had moved him to a larger hospital for the amputation. A fact which Steve briefly forgot when he was coming around from the anaesthetic so panicked greatly for a minute.
“There, the man said it.” Tony said, raising an eyebrow at his Captain. He still couldn’t figure out why he was again sticking up for Rogers so much since they had only partnered up once.
"I don't even know what 'it' is yet, sir." Steve fired back quickly.
He huffed out a breath of frustrated air and gathered the documents that had managed to spread the full length and breath of the cold metal table. It seemed like so much evidence against the violence-driving and drug-producing criminal but somehow Steve managed to make everything seem merely circumstantial and Tony knew that would not fly in a court of law. The man had good lawyers that seemed to make every case crumble.
------
“Look, I’d appreciate it if you don’t talk about Steve like that... He’s not comfortable with sex. He’s asexual.”
"Where is-" He was cut off when a strong arm placed a damp cloth over his nose and mouth. In shock, Wright sucked in an urgent breath which, although he didn't know, was ultimately a mistake. The faster he breathed the sooner the potent dose of succinylcholine will be surging through his blood and into his brain.
“No, Steve. I’m just saying maybe you should give him a chance instead of jumping to conclusions. After all, you haven’t even worked on a case with him before.” After she saw her message was sinking in she lifted her foot and stepped back. “Anyways, hiding in this dingy file room won’t help anyone. It’s dusty and stinks of damp.”
When the door closed behind him over an hour later, Tony blinked in the bright winter sun and felt blindsided by the experience. The building seemed too good to be true but every piece of legitimate paperwork he had requested Steve had produced quickly and without hesitation. He’d taken copies to double check at the station but he knew by now that he wouldn’t get anything on Rogers from that. The criminal must have some contact in the government to acquire such authentic documents or maybe he had really just fooled the US government as well as he did with Tony today. The only difference was that Tony walked into that building knowing that it would all be an illusion whereas how many people set up fake charities?
Steve's eyes turned impossibly colder at the insinuation that Clint was not at a level where he could command them as a unit, "Yes but unlike with the rest of you, I actually know who he is."
However, despite the fact that he was ready to fight, the room was nearly completely silent. His dark eyes scanned the room quickly and was almost surprised that his paranoid mind had been wrong.
First step: done. Only nine more to go.
“I’ll be so good. I won’t even leave the car, I promise.” His grip around Tony’s arm was getting tighter as his desperation flowed through him. In the few seconds Tony hesitated Steve added, “I’ll tie you up and won’t let you leave unless you let me come.”
“You mean that you can’t get it up? It’s a pretty common problem so we-“ He was mid-sentence when he got interrupted.
“Don’t be ridiculous. I think I’ve wanted to kiss you since that first time I woke up with you in my bed.” Steve smiled, they were still so close together.
Tony peered up at him with a smile, he had always been able to read through Steve’s attempts at seriousness, “Are you pulling rank on me, Deputy?” He purred seductively.
Two weeks after Steve is discharged, a media conference is held for him to tell them all about his accident and recovery. However, in the process his deafness will be revealed.
The smaller man couldn’t help but be surprise that his colleague addressed him by his first name.  Their relationship had always been formal and stiff no matter how much Tony teased his fellow detective.
Tony visits Steve in hospital.
------
Steve was low-key hiding in the evidence room when he heard the door open and a couple of people walk in. He ducked down behind the shelves in order to avoid confrontation; he had only revealed his sexuality mere hours ago and, despite a majority of support, the large man still feared the backlash of such an announcement. He listened carefully to the conversation as many people came to the room in order to get some privacy for secret conversations. Steve only prayed the individuals were not about to start gossiping about him.
Steve immediately sat up as a realisation struck him. A dark, mischievous look passed over his features as he smirked at his lover.
, He could still feel some type of pain medication thrumming through his veins,
His mind briefly flicked across the fact that the amputation would have pretty much been a death sentence for him either through infection or through his inability to continue his career.
Little did Steve know that Tony didn’t feel anything like this. He recognised Steve’s pain in the pain he felt in his arch reactor so he wanted to reach out and help the soldier. If Steve was going to have a stick up his ass then Tony wouldn’t bother. He’d try to go back to hating the ass although it would be difficult now he knew they had survivorship as something that connected them.
“Steve?” Tony’s voice broke through the noise of the storm.
“My only fantasy is sending you to jail.” Stark realised immediately that his statement sounded lame and clunky due to his long pause and it made him look slow in comparison to Steve’s speed. Usually, Tony was the quick witted and cheeky one but the criminal was clogging up his brain.
“Good. You’ll want to get as much peace as you can right now since I’ll soon be telling the team that you kept me awake all night with your moaning.” Steve could see the cheeky smirk as Tony laughed at his own sexual implication.
Suddenly, mustering all of his energy Steve hauled himself up and pulled up his pant leg and ripped off his prosthetic. He threw it as hard as he could against the wall as a cry of pain ripped from his chest. The leg damaged the wall but neither man was in a position to pay attention to it.
Steve looked uncertain for a moment before he paced the length of the room and, with each step, his eyebrows rose infinitely higher. By the time he was running around the room, a huge smile had laid stake to the man’s lips. He jumped and leaped and even jumped on the bed.
Clint shot him a look before rolling his eyes, "It's Shield so its different and why would they want anything to do with you?" Suspicion colored his tone. He'd never managed to fully school himself around Steve as he could read him like an open book anyway.
“This… situation isn’t so bad.” His eyes traced the other man’s face, “At least we both… We both- Um.” Steve stuttered as his eyes locked onto the way Tony’s tongue darted out to moisten his lips rapidly.
“Do you know why I paired you, detectives? It’s because you are the best detectives we have in this precinct and putting you together will mean that we solve more crimes and faster which is, in case you forgot, your job! And God knows we need our arrest numbers up this month. So, you will work together without another word of complaint. Understood?”
Steve was about to prove that he could have fun too, without them, even if the only person he was proving it to happened to be himself.
“I couldn’t do it knowing you’re back here alone.” The genius mumbled, he closed his eyes and leant further into Steve’s hand in his cheek. Since being with Steve he’d learnt how to be more open about his emotions.
If Steve had to pick one word to describe the time since Tony left it would be emptiness. The penthouse suite was dark and suddenly felt cold and abandoned. His heart was fluttering in a way which, pre-serum, he would have enquired at a doctors about but now it was just causing his stomach to churn violently. He wished he’d skipped dinner.
She smiled,
“So, I heard you’re stuck with Tony.” Natasha popped up from seemingly nowhere. Steve didn’t even hear the door open. He often considered how her stealth was wasted on detective work.
The nurse pressed as she misinterpreted his crying.
(See the end of the chapter for
“If being a detective doesn’t work out for you, which it appears to not be going so well, don’t be tempted by barista work... that was probably the worst Americano I’ve ever had.”
He tried not to take offence, he really did, but Steve was a loyal friend to him. To hear the man getting slated before even making an appearance was frankly insulting. Stone cold he stared into the man's one remaining eye, "He has never once let me down when I've needed him. Regardless of the situation." He turned sharply and strode off towards his quarters.
It was that second that they finally saw each other through the haze of their misinterpretation and confusion. They'd both made assumptions and believed wrongly about the other. In that moment, the tension that had been steadily rising since they’d first kissed came pouring back at double the intensity. In the silence, the only sound was their breathing as the stared at each other; neither wanting to be the one to make the first move.
Stark snapped into action mode and commanded Jarvis to track the assassin's cellphone coordinates while still talking to the man. He began to surge towards his helipad while ordering his co pilot up immediately; this happened to be the only other person in the whole tower who could fly a helicopter: Natasha.
Clint was mad, steam coming from his ears mad, but he hadn't tried to murder Tony yet so it was a vast improvement on what he had expected. The archer paced the floor of the bedroom as he ranted, face going a slightly more alarming shade of red every second.
Stark smiled as if he knew something Steve didn’t, “Come on, let’s catch up. They have no chance without us.” Despite his words, he held Steve for a couple of moments longer and peered up into his blue eyes.
“What if I pretend I never met you and drop off the radar?” It sounded like an empty threat but Steve had become too attached and integrated into their lives. It was a danger to himself and to the others. He'd been pondering the idea for a few weeks now and the longer it went on the more realistic it seemed. He knew exactly how to do it and it was always entertaining to see how long it took Clint to find him. Usually only a few months but his record was 8 months.
With a nod Stark took off to join the others. Moments later Steve was following on foot and he’d be there shortly now that his leg was working smoothly. Thanks to Tony’s quick adjustments, the mission was a success as Steve had managed to get in there and manage the team like he knew was best.
The soldier jumped as a croaky from lack of use voice asked, “Does it still hurt?”
Suddenly, a large chunk of metal, probably from the concealed mothership, shot passed him, plummeting to Earth at a mind boggling speed. He called out over the intercom to warn those below them.
Steve nodded, his eyes lighting up, "That must have been the one!" He laughed warmly, "I'm only briefly stopping over in New York before heading off to Europe but I never thought I'd actually bump into someone! What a small world!"
They were both smiling gently as they drifted back off into a peaceful sleep.
Despite his best hopes, the recording had yielded almost nothing since the criminals were so well versed in their deception. Tony knew that eventually one of them would trip up or something would fall lose and he’d be there to discover it. Finally then, he would be able to arrest Rogers and his affiliates.
Lying on his side, injured shoulder in the air, he was able to balance the cell on the side of his head and fold his arms again. The caller must have heard his breathing because they began speaking.
“Morning.” Steve called across the kitchen and Tony replied with grumbling.
At that, the hero couldn’t stop himself and a tear dropped from his eye. It escaped over his lashes and fled down his cheek. He couldn’t even bring himself to wipe it away. Tony’s face floated behind the nurse, his eager to please eyes open wide as he watched. A genuine smile was brightening up his face.
Tony frowned, “You sure?”
“Silence, Stark. We need Rogers’ statement.”
“Fine but we’ll be watching you carefully.” The boss replied as he strode for the door, “Now come on, they’ve been waiting for hours.”
“Just come to make sure I’d get an invite?” The archer smirked. He cocked an eyebrow.
Post-Serum!
He was helped up and pictures were taken. He smiled bewilderedly.
The archer took to the stage, he had a projector behind him and just as he started pictures from Steve and Tony’s time together started appearing on the screen. Many of the photos, they grooms weren’t even sure they’d ever shared with him.
Steve steeled his resolve and spoke. It was the first time he’d shown Tony his deaf voice. The words were distorted and difficult to make out but Tony recognised them immediately.
? His raised eyebrow displayed that Tony thought it to be pathetic.
~Memory~
Steve scoffed and dropped down on the couch between Tony’s legs so he could treat the other man’s thighs as an armchair. He rested back against his husband’s chest with a sigh. Rolling his eyes, Tony wrapped his arms around his partner’s torso and dropped his head down so his chin could rest against Steve’s fluffy blond hair.
Steve smirked and the music span to allow him to start with the chorus, "If you like Piña Coladas and getting caught in the rain. If you're not into yoga, if you have half a brain. If you like making love at midnight, in the dunes of the cape. I'm the love that you've looked for, write to me, and escape."
The corridors were humming with life as Tony rushed his way passed medical interns jointly hovering over a clipboard, patients walking shakily after surgery or illness and relatives sat white as ghosts along the walls of the corridors which were lined with seats like an extremely long dentist waiting room. Exactly the same but with the anxiety levels ramped up to about 100. This was a bit more than a routine root canal.
Being defensive definitely wouldn’t help the conversation but he went there anyway, “What? No, why should there be a reason?”
Tony’s mind wasn't able to follow what happened next but the next thing he was able to process was Steve’s lips on his. He’d turned and his back was leaning against the door which he was grateful for as the shock of it made his legs wobble. Steve’s large hand cupped Tony’s cheek and he used it to pull him closer. The blond man’s other hand was resting on the door beside Tony’s head so, for a moment, Tony’s world was Steve and Steve alone. It was intoxicating.
Tony obeyed as any cocky, anti-authority vibes within him were burnt out in a second by the sight of this man, that he found deeply interesting, lying in such a state. He pushed down on the wound and started down into the face of Captain. In an instant, Tony regretted never taking the time to discover the man's real name.
The team rushed over in time to see Stark rip the debris from the body and catapult it behind them. He lifted the limp body into his arms and sobbed over the man.
He pulled out the needle and injected himself instantly. The pain medication began to thrum around his body like angel tears or something. He yawned as morphine always made him sleepy so dragged himself to his bedroom where he collapsed down on his bed and drifted off instantly.
Clint looked shocked and turned to face the other man, "His house? How should I know where he lives?"
"At one point, he was less than 5 yards away from you." The AI supplied almost cockily.
The face that was revealed behind the heavy door was unexpected and Steve was sure his surprise reflected on his features, “Tony?”
There was so much food it was practically a mountain of calories being placed on his lap for him to devour but his stomach was grumbling demandingly. He lifted the fork hesitantly, "Is this poisoned?"
"We'll train together for a few weeks and you can come on some jobs with me until you've got the ropes."
Aggravated, the genius burst out, “So what?! People wake up with hard-ons all the time! It doesn’t mean you’re actively out to get some. Besides, I can deal with it myself.” Tony has been managing pretty well with just himself for the last couple of months.
Quickly, he moved onto the other man’s pants but Tony stopped him, instead dropping down onto his knees with such speed that he would probably develop bruises tomorrow.
Tony manages to lose a 6 foot master assassin?
Steve Rogers, gang leader and object of his stake out, was standing in front of him looking completely unphased. His blond hair was ruffled from the wind outside and flopped over his forehead as though it was a curtain for his striking blue eyes. The lighting of the coffee was several times more flattering than the ones found in the interrogation room. Tony tried to snap himself out of it as the man had begun to speak.
“Not for long. Once you’re done you can come back here and snuggle up since I know how sleepy and cuddly you get afterwards. It’s a win-win. I get a happy, snuggling, placated Tony and you can work it out of your system.” He smiled, “Think of it as no different to going for a run when you’re feeling stressed.” Tony never ran but he understood what Steve was trying to get at.
“What?” Tony fumed as he wiped down the tables and pulled the chairs up ready to sweep the floor.
Rogers passed back behind the slab of wood and lowered himself down onto his own chair. Pinching his lips together for a moment, he shrugged, “It didn’t seem in character for you to refuse especially since you’ve been spying on us for months now. I know how it works, intel is intel.”
Captain Fury pressed pause and the click cut through the tension of the room which that last line of the tape had cultivated. The whole Detective squad was gathered around in the briefing room huddled around the small tape player.
Stark froze in a moment of blind panic as subconsciously he had hoped that Steve would still be under sedation from the operation to remove the bullet from his side. At least nobody was here to revel in Stark’s awkwardness for the next few minutes.
Tony Stark, billionaire, world renowned celebrity and known attention hog, was severely nervous and he wasn’t particularly willing to admit it. They’d made it through the ceremony relatively unscathed even if a tear or two had betrayed him and made a jump for it. He blamed it on Steve, Tony always cried when he could see Steve crying. Besides, he’d even noticed Fury welling up behind the eyepatch.
"Try me. I have a jet that can get anywhere in America in a few hours." The billionaire boasted.
At this point, the tears were streaming down Steve’s cheeks but he didn’t care to stop. The mix of relief and pure happiness was just a perfect tear triggering concoction. Although, he didn’t doubt that the pain medication probably had a hand in it.
After a minute he whispered against Steve’s lips, “You should really take a guy out to dinner before getting so touchy but for you, I’ll wave the rule.”
“Sir, I am placing you under arrest!” Tony barked, having just appeared behind his colleague and Steve’s eyes rolled instinctively. He then directed his comment towards the guy Steve was talking to, “I’m sorry, sir, but this many is a highly dangerous criminal. We’re been hunting him down for months.”
A crease formed between Tony’s brows, suspicion turned his stomach, “Why?”
She was waiting by the door by the time he had managed to climb the several floors to her apartment. Natasha had predicted the state of the man and held out a towel for him to dry himself upon entry. He loved her friends but also she wasn’t willing to allow her couch to get messed up. Her flaming red hair was tied up in a messy bun to keep it from her face as she prepared for bed.
Suddenly, he stopped and peered around at the unfamiliar world around him. Could so much change in his short time abroad? His chest was heaving more due to the sudden surprise rather than physical exertion.
The director looked less than happy with their decision but dropped the subject anyway.
Tony ran his hands through his sweat-stiffened, greasy and blood clotted hair; it stuck up in filthy tufts and transferred some of the grime onto his bruised hands. He licked his lips, the taste of salt transferring to his tongue, as he hovered outside Steve’s room.
Before Tony’s sleep heavy brain had time to realise Steve was closing the small void between them, pressing their lips together gently. Before he had even recovered from the initial surprise Steve was already pulling back with red embarrassment tinging his cheeks.
There was a second of hesitation before Steve turned to face the other detective and answered, “Not really. You?”
Steve’s eyes struggled to follow Tony’s lips as they moved at an impossibly fast pace but amongst the silence he could see, I love you. The billionaire stared deep into his eyes.
There seemed to be some sort of commotion as Tony stood and talked to someone in the crowd. People were looking behind them to see where in the audience the question was asked from. Steve frowned in confusion as in the hubbub nobody was telling him what was going on. He tried to watch to see what was happening but before long it became apparent.
Suddenly, the man flipped around and threw a Russian throwing knife at Clint's arm making him drop the gun to grab his wound. Noticing his target moving, Barton swiftly whipped out his trusty bow and arrow, aiming them for the now standing man's heart. The target raised his hands in apparent surrender.
Once in a cab he shot of a text to Stark,
Steve asked with optimism in his tone, “Is this your way of saying you like me back?”
~Present~
Blue eyes glistened as he nodded and Tony nodded. Somehow, despite their agreement, they were both disappointed.
Steve began signing and suddenly the flashing of cameras suddenly exploded as many got the very first shots of Captain America signing in ASL. Every journalist in the room knew full well that this would make headlines despite the original story just being a regular interview. He watched the crowd suddenly become chaotic as he described his experience.
Without even opening his eyes, Steve rolled them dramatically but couldn't help the way the corners of his lips twitched up, "I thought I'd shaken you off my tail."
He waited a minute or so before following to reduce the blazing obviousness. Several eyes followed him across the room; these people were detectives! Of course they notice when two of their colleagues slip off into the secret-conversation room.
“Detectives Rogers and Stark, you team up to stake out the drug-lord Stark has been tracing.” Fury barked out from the podium in the meeting room. The two detectives glanced across the room at each other sceptically; while each of them had been working in the New York police precinct for some time, they had never been given many assignments together as the majority of the team assumed their personalities would conflict. This was assumed correctly.
A voice suddenly called out to him, causing his heart to race even faster than Steve thought was possible. The voice had to speak again before the first avenger managed to switch his focus to its source.
Seconds later something sharp hit the back of Clint's neck. It felt like being sung by a wasp. His steady fingers automatically dropped his weapon despite his minds protest. The world began to spin while the carpet zoomed up to his face. He landed heavily with a deep outburst of breath. Darkness began to creep in on his sight but the last thing he saw was this assassin peering down on him with pity.
He decided to breach the topic that night at dinner but now he just have to decide about how to go about it.
“Rogers has been waiting for you in his office.” That’s all she said as she lead the cop throughout the cold and bare corridor. It was all cement walls and cement floor which was made worse by the fact that there were no windows in the corridor so harsh and flickering overhead lights was the only illumination.
It was happening again. He had been sat reading over a case file after dinner when he happened to check his social media only to find the majority of the office had embarked out for drinks after work without him. He’d already quashed the feeling of isolation and abandonment once today so another time wasn’t about to happen. Steve was a strong person but even the strongest of men could only handle so much social exclusion. He snapped the file shut and placed his face into his hands, rubbing his skin vigorously.
She only managed to say, “Captain Rogers…” before a couple of men marched in to sedate him. Instantly springing to action, he threw them against the wall but they tore straight through which revealed the set up. He leapt through the hole he’d punched with their bodies and marvelled at how the prosthetic leg caught his shifting weight. The old leg would have buckled under the pressure of the leap and his quick movements but this one was close to natural.
“Uh, yeah… I came to visit our brave and gallant hero!” He exclaimed in an unconvincing tone of enthusiasm.
The assassin pulled out his phone, his only smart device, and tapped into the nearby system of a doctor's call out hub. From there, using the power of the internet and some light hacking, he managed to send out a message to Yepsem's pager declaring a huge accident and he was needed in the hospital. Steve had read that the doctor did days in the hospital and some in a clinic so hoped it seemed reasonable enough for him to be called in. In case not, he had also slashed the tyres of the man's car but that didn't exactly prevent him moving around. He just hoped he wouldn’t show as two Dr Yepsems would raise questions. He was fully prepared to jump out a window if the real man showed: not all assassin work was high tech and glamorous.
The man laughed too, "It's surprising who you see in such a large city. Almost like because there is so many of us crammed in you're bound to recognized someone!"
They were all gathered around the briefing table in the conference room while Nick Fury barked orders and directions at them. Tony had been in some dream world until the boss snapped this remark. Instantly, Natasha, Tony and Clint all shared a look that every person in the room picked up on. It was like they were in some secret friendship club that all the other kids in the playground wanted to join.
Tony, now sprawled out on Steve’s soft king size bed struggled to keep his eyes open as Steve cleaned them both up. He hadn’t thought about his come creating a mess of both of their torsos.
The precinct was calling so he pretty much had no choice but to respond. He ascertained the details quickly before hanging up and standing to leave but Steve caught his arm and used his famous puppy-dog eyes against him.
But she knew that mentioning this to Clint would be a mistake. He was surprisingly protective over his mentor. He would kill Stark before allowing the man to get his grubby hands all over his Assassin-Mother.
He squinted at her for a moment, trying to assess whether he was supposed to understand anything she was saying, "Good thing you don't work in a team because you're a terrible communicator... Oh wait, you do." Stark teased lightly.
Steve played along, humming out a moan twice as loud and twice as guttural. Tony reacted straight away, pushing the other detective up against the shelving unit behind them and kissing down the man’s neck. Pressed so close together they could feel the swell of the other’s arousal pressing against the confinement of their pants.
At this point, Tony was laughing so hard he could feel the unfamiliar ache in his sides. Tears stung the edges of his eyes. If anyone had told him 1 year ago that he’d be turn the lights on and off in an argument with deaf Captain America, who was his lover, he would have called bullshit. But here he was experiencing the strangest argument of all time.
“My goddamn leg was giving me jip and I couldn’t stand another moment with it or in my crutches.” He gestured over to where the keg was propped up beside his chair where he strapped in every morning.
"I'm not here to be one of Clint's team." Cap spoke, but it sounded more like an order, before anyone else.
Steve was rummaging through some old case files in the old data room, where they stored stacks of boxes full of old cases, and working through some negative feelings when he jumped at the sudden presence of another voice. In the surprise, he dropped the box of files on the floor, scattering the papers everywhere. He tried to grab the fluttering sheets helplessly before they got strewn too far.
“Detective Stark.” Steve greeted frostily.
Steve could hear the familiar game over the radio. He eyed the woman carefully before asking, “Where am I really?” Even the air coming through the open window had a different scent to it, too clear and sterile.
Suddenly,as Steve watched on, the criminal threw a heavy punch at the other detective then ran towards an alley with Stark on his heels.
“Thank you, Tony”
It was 10 days later when Tony began to feel the urge. It was easy to keep under wraps for a couple of days but eventually he had to admit that he was damn right horny. Now was the challenge of bringing the subject up to Steve as the other man hadn’t mentioned the deal since it was first agreed. Tony subconsciously hoped that Steve would take back the offer and be possessive over him. He could then go about with his usual relief plan of jerking off in the shower while thinking of Steve. He had checked multiple times with Steve if it was okay to think of him when jerking off since he was so cautious about crossing any boundaries. Steve had reassured him that he was more flattered than anything else.
“So, what are you two?”
“Now you know they’re all true.”
The team had moved in only a week ago and Steve could tell that Stark didn’t want to invite him but saw him as a side effect of having Bruce, Natasha and Clint. If he had any other option he wouldn’t have moved in but, as a newbie to the 21st century, he had no choice.
---------
“No, thank you. One mechanical leg is enough, I can’t imagine a whole suit.” Despite his rejection he smiled gently.
The loud crash shook through him and confirmed that he was too late. From beneath the panel he could see the mangled body of his partner tinted in dirt and blood.
Steve wanted to slam his head against the wall. Surely if he pursued Tony last time then the man knows Steve is interested and therefore should be the one to act next? Steve can’t even tell whether Stark likes him or was just looking for someone to mess around with. He’d always viewed the other detective as slightly promiscuous so wouldn’t be surprised if the other man actually had no real interest in him.
He immediately clicked Clint's number as he had no idea who else to call in such a situation. He had no boss, friends or family that'd care for him. The phone began to dial and dial and dial with no answer from his only friend. He huffed a laugh at the irony; the one time he's ever needed the smaller male. He considered his options for a moment but his spinning head indicated that he was running out of time to choose. Steve reacted fast, selecting one of the only other numbers stored in his cell: Tony Stark.
“Steve!” The screams were distorted by the sobs already wracking through his body, “Steve, no! Please no!”
-Later that night-
The genius touched Steve through the blankets and the man jumped and shot up into a sitting position.
A week later-
For a moment the detective couldn’t respond as his brain was unexpectedly short circuiting; he knew he found Steve objectivity attractive but he hadn’t realised that the man could have such an effect over him. The man’s words held so much power.
"Speak." He muttered quietly. He wished he could use the formalities but he was on a job and he wasn't about to get himself killed by doing so. His gray eyes continued to scan the street lamp lit road where his target should run past any minute now. He kept his other hand curled tightly around the gun in preparation.
"Barton," Fury snapped. The sound of his footsteps getting closer made the spy roll his eyes. If only he were hidden in the eye-patch blind spot so he could sneak off, "Where is he?" Booming voice echoed around the inside of the corridor. Did he really not have an indoor voice?
The doctor sounded shocked despite all of the horrors he saw on a daily basis, “If that’s what you can call that...”
"Clint's team?" Tony barked a laugh, "He's been lying to you, man. He doesn't own us."
’ which made Tony laugh for 2 hours. Steve would teach Tony new signs and pretend not to know curse signs. That’s without mentioning the lazy mornings in bed which would turn into lazy days in bed doing nothing but making love and signing to each other; Tony particularly enjoyed hearing about Steve’s upbringing 70 years ago. Tony didn’t even realise the smile that had emerged onto his lips until Clint threw a cushion at his face.
“Yeah but I can also see how upset you are that your date went wrong. You can’t expect me to believe that you don’t care about this!” Nat lectured in between sips of soothing tea, “You like him and if I were you I wouldn’t ruin it by clinging onto his mistakes. Stark has never been in a relationship that isn’t just sex so he doesn’t know how to act either.”
