“You don’t think I know this, Sam? That I haven’t worked this job for the last six months?”
The punch comes out of nowhere, springing from the shadows, glancing off his temple and forcing him to the ground. His first thought is that he’s being mugged by some old prizefighter who knows his right hook, before another three punches are thrown, a knee is resting heavy his back, and the guy is whispering with sour breath in Dean’s ear. “We warned you. Relax; we’ll make it look like suicide.”
Inspired by
The room smells strongly of Dean, leather and spice and earth and sweat, and Castiel is finding it difficult to concentrate.
Two hours and a fruitless attempt at searching through the local library’s poetry section later, Dean and Charlie call it a night and head over to one of the new clubs that has opened in town. It’s more modern than the Silver Spoon, and it plays god-awful bebop, but Dean stays because it’s making Charlie happy.
"Angels apparently don’t eat PB&J sandwiches or watch romcoms, either, but hey - there’s a first for everything." Dean sinks further into the warm, gentle comfort of his memory foam mattress. “Your dreams’re probably a result of the fall, or something,. Go back to sleep.”
“Dean said you two know each other,” Benny says. He eyes Cas wearily.
"I want... you, Dean." His gaze shifts upwards to meet Dean's, skin tingling hot and too tight. Something warm and wonderful shoots between them. Dean's fingers tense against his own, and the muscles around his lips tighten. "I want things beyond you, but the only thing that you can give me, right now, is yourself."
Cas moves to walk beside Dean, squinting at the taller man’s face. “I have nothing to discuss.”
“I didn’t even need to mention how big my love of Game of Thrones is, or how many WoW achievement points I have. All in the Winchester charm.”
The woman eyes him warily. “You need to submit a proper application, I’m afraid. And a resume.”
Pretending to be asleep, he levels his breathing and lowers his eyelids, staring out from under his lashes.
Cas smiles a little then, something genuine and warm and private, not pained like earlier in the evening. The quirk of his mouth is as if he understands a lot of things that Dean doesn’t. “Good night, Dean. And thank you.”
You haven’t seen him in three weeks.
“Right,” she says, slowly enunciating, as if she doesn’t quite believe him. “Just type up a list of jobs you’ve had previously, any credentials you have, and why you think you’d be suitable for the job, and print it out and give it to me once you’re done.”
“The angels,” Cas replies, body tensing, gaze shooting towards the ceiling. “They want my wings.”
Cas stiffens, bright baby blues widening as they catch Dean.
“Anything you’re drinking is fine.”
Tomorrow will be dying.
“I’m not tryin’ to be complimentary. Compliments are hollow.” Dean rubs his face with his hand and rolls on to his side so he can see Cas’s face.
"For Dean," he says happily, handing over the cash to pay and tightly gripping the handles of his canvas bags ("Saving the world, one shopping trip at a time," Dean had said when Castiel brought them home one day).
Dean hates dead bodies. It doesn’t matter how many he sees, they still make him feel uncomfortable.
“Yes. That’s why this case was… important. We felt responsible to stop Lucifer.” Cas pulls his hands from Dean’s and leans back against the chair. “And you need food.”
And, as if his thoughts – prayers – have been answered, there stands the angel, gazing up into the sky as if it holds the answer to the meaning of life.
Bobby rolls his eyes.
Dean takes initiative this time and kisses the words right out of Cas’s mouth. “Sam got it right,” he whisper’s against sun-bronzed skin. “So thank you. Best christmas ever.”
as per usual, i blame Chris (rockchester) for publishing all his excellent fic this week written in second person and thus inspiring this, and Jo (sherryandgin) for writing a perfect deancas poem that made me rly angry and feel the urge to 'get her back'. kinda based on the promo of 9x18. i'm not sorry.
Prior to Purgatory, Dean felt as if he was drowning in melancholia. He never wanted to submit; to sink as his father did. He felt as if he was fighting towards the surface, but instead he was merely flailing about in the current, occasionally reaching the glimmering happiness that was the surface before being pulled under again. It all seemed an immeasurable distance away and he couldn’t identify what was hindering him. The pressure was suffocating.
forward, gasping around the syllable. It’s painful and aggressive and not at all like sex between them ought to be. Not after everything they’ve shared. There’s no care, no love; just animal need,
He cages Dean in with his limbs, catching Dean’s bottom lip with his teeth as he slowly rocks forward. Their movements are measured, unhurried, Cas taking the time to undo Dean and put him back together again. Once he knows Dean is comfortable, he picks up the pace, hands wrapping themselves around Dean’s hipbones, fingers grappling for purchase against Dean’s skin. Dean fists his own hands in to the sheets, moaning loudly. Cas whispers Dean’s name like a prayer against his skin; a litany of
Dean’s not ready to head back to the corpse and those dead green eyes that remind him so eerily of his own, so he decides to check if Cas is home. Or rather, Novak. This is a case now, and Dean can’t be getting too personal, no matter how much history they’ve shared. Novak is a potential suspect now, or perhaps – best-case scenario - even a witness. Impersonal is his best option.
They've spent the last hour either firing off snappy retorts or pointedly ignoring each other, and Sam wants to scream. The little shits are as stubborn as old mules. They’ve been dancing across glass for far too long, dodging conversations that desperately need to be had, and Sam knows of only one way that this can be managed.
“Bela Talbot, saleswoman,” she says, all pink lips stretched over perfect white teeth as she proffers her hand.
“Need you in me,” Dean gasps, and Cas exhales, grabbing the base of his own dick. He slides the condom on and lines them up, pushing in gently, just the head at first, until Dean relaxes and he can ease all the way in. Cas shudders.
on tumblr. Title taken from Telepopmusik's song
“Holy shit; Uriel was one of Lucifer’s bunch, wasn’t he?” Dean smiles as Cas nods. “We might end up fighting another war together, Captain.”
Dean is trying to find fish for Sam, since the goddamn son of a bitch likes his omega threes - the sort that aren't the transformer - and almost rips Dean a new one every time he returns with beef. He and Cas are standing in the seafood aisle while Dean figures out which type of fish looks the least like it's going to give him food poisoning (so far tuna looks looks like it might win because it looks the most like steak), when Cas says, "Dean, why is there a lobster in a tank? I didn't know they sold pets here."
They go out on Christmas Eve, because Claire’s apparently with her grandparents. “I’ve been her legal guardian since her parents – my brother - died five years ago,” Cas says solemnly on the phone. “It was a car accident. Suddenly I was the parent of an eleven year old. I can’t say it did wonders for my dating life, but I adore her, so it doesn’t matter, really.”
Castiel sighs, interrupting Dean. “We were drunk and both required comfort, which we could offer to each other. It’s fine, Dean.” He laughs bitterly. “I know I’m human now, but that shouldn’t change how we relate to each other.”
. Not gonna lie; this is one huge geekfest and a tribute to both Dean and Charlie’s obsession with geek culture (Dean’s not quite so evident in the show, of course). Totally not influenced by my own interests. Nope. Oh, and I wanted to include Claire in some way. I feel like, if the situation was different, her and Dean would probably get on, so. I tried!
Dean’s not sure if he just made the best or worst decision of his life between the isle of cotton shirts and woollen apparel in a Wal-Mart in Ohio. The answer is clear, though, when he looks at Cas’s shining face.
“The gun is an extension of your wrist, Cas,” Dean says, his own arm sliding up Cas’s to hold the gun steady.  He feels Cas shiver as he presses up tight against Cas’s back, steadying him. Their faces are side-by-side now, gun raised so they can both look down the sight, and Dean can feel Cas’s stubble press against his cheek. “It’s part of you, not an alien appendage. Don’t treat it as one.”
Dean’s brain sort of fizzles out to white, then, as he coasts some sort of high. It’s incredible. The world dissolves away as Cas’s lips move against his, Cas’s teeth nip at his lower lip (fuck who taught Cas to kiss this dirty), Cas’s hands flutter against his hips.
So Dean doesn’t contact Cas again. Instead he takes a trolley car down to Sunset Strip that night, looking spiffy in his best suit and hat. He can hear Frank Sinatra’s voice leaking out of the club once he arrives, and it drifts on the mild fall night air, syrupy and smooth, encouraging him to go inside.
“I think I’d like that,” Cas says quietly, and sets the gun aside.
I’m eighteen and volatile, snorting lines of coke off her naked breasts. She giggles at the sensation, pulling me up until my body blankets hers, her hands tangling themselves in my hair. My fingers stutter against her ribcage and my gaze travels up to her mouth, her lips a pink puckered bruise smudged across acres of unblemished skin. They mould against mine, sweet and wet and glorious as our tongues roll together, and I’m lost in the sensation and taste of her, candied sweets and gardenias, as she sighs against my cheek, “Dean. Tell me you’ll always be mine…” and -
“It’s over now,” Araziel murmurs. “You may release him.”
He pulls the wheel sharply to the right.
“It’s… strange,” Cas says after a few moments, “to expect someone to be there, and then they’re just... not. I keep looking up at the door, anticipating that Daphne will walk through it, calm and collected as ever. For her to kiss me on the cheek and ask about my day.” He pauses. Takes a swill and lowers the glass back to his thigh. Shrugs off his coat. “Sorry, I… I suppose I’m not really making sense.”
Dean drives him to the nearest bus station and hands him a wad of cash. They sit in the car for a little while, not talking, and the silence is nice. Peaceful. Like there’s nothing left to say between them, although Cas knows that’s far from the truth.
“I feel I am excellently suited to this job.”
. Cas loves Dean irrevocably and uncontrollably with a fervour that scares even him: an ex-angel of the lord who was created
This becomes a reality as soon as they crest the hill and they’re met with gunfire.
“Too much?” Dean says softly, and Cas shakes his head.
So that’s what they do. Cas pays and suggests that they go somewhere for coffee, and Dean says “how about mine.” Cas agrees, before his baby blues suddenly widen and he regards Dean carefully. Dean just nods and – “Hey, mistletoe.”
"So er, did you use protection?" It sounds vaguely uncomfortable, the words gruff as they try to stick in his mouth, but it’s okay. And Cas - Cas, fucking bless him, no matter how much Dean is hurting right now - mentions angel blades, because of course he’s never had a sex ed class in his life and probably thinks condoms are a sort of greasy oblong balloon. He’s never had to worry about petty human things like illness before.
He returns an hour later with a piece of paper clutched in one hand, his hair even more unkempt than it was prior to his previous departure, skin pink-tinged and wind blown.
“Good, ‘cause I’m starved.” Dean rolls off the bed and stretches, arms reaching in to the air above his head. Before he can anticipate it, though, Cas it tugging on his t-shirt and pulling him back on to the comforter, and he suddenly has a mouthful and armful of angel. Cas is nothing if not enthusiastic. He may lack experience, but he’s had millennia to watch the earth and knows exactly how to bite Dean’s lip the way he likes. Dean’s underneath Cas in no time as Cas’s hands work their way up Dean’s stomach, stroking at the trail of hair that covers his small belly.
“I think I got a name,” he says, flipping open the wallet and pulling out her license.
Dean laughs humourlessly. Suddenly the words are fighting their way through his lips, and he just can’t stop them. “D’you even know what you’re apologising for? What everything is? You left me, Cas. I told you I needed you, and you left me. Twice.”
, a shower of bullets spraying out in arcs over the boot-churned earth, the sickening slide of a mortar loading echoing somewhere ahead.
Dean isn't impressed, however, when Castiel returns home with five different cheeses, three packets of baby corn, seven leeks, six kilograms worth of chocolate and a durian.
; his best friend, his endless salvation, his warrior of heaven in borrowed human skin. It’s taken them twelve goddamn years, but for this? Totally fucking worth it.
Dean finishes his drink quickly and orders another, making sure he grabs a table where he has a clear view of all the exits.
Title taken from My Chemical Romance's album of the same name. I don't even care; I was totally a punk rock/goth/emo kid in my (early) teens. Long live nostalgia.
“Now you’re just making excuses, since you’re clearly way too uncomfortable to, god forbid, date him, or whatever.” Charlie takes a sip of her beer. “Speaking of which, can you get me Bela’s number? On the down-low, of course. I’m not dumb.” She winks slyly back across at Dean. He just sighs, figuring the battle’s already lost, and orders another whiskey.
, just how he acts, and that Dean’s fabricating the rest in his head.
“Huh?”
“Wrong trajectory, as I said. I didn’t have the ‘juice’ to get all the way here.”
Dean glances furtively at Cas before his gaze drops to his hands. He looks as if he’s about to bolt. “No, but –“
“I didn’t know how I was going to be… received,” Cas murmurs, catching his breath, all puffy pink lips and messy black hair. He leans further in to Dean. “Sam said you wrote a note, and…”
“Stubborn butter?” Dean teases. “Did you warm it first?”
“Now turn,” Dean says, “and change to second.” Cas obeys; the car moves smoothly. He does a few loops of the paddock, leaning forward in his seat, the intense focus he reserves for planning battle strategies and studying Dean concentrated instead on steering the car. Eventually he relaxes in to the motions, however, and pre-empts the change in the motor well. He only stalls three times and eventually stops gripping the wheel with whitened knuckles. Although after fifteen minutes, despite beginning to drive well, he slows the car to a halt.
“I’ve had suspicions for a while that you... I mean, once I moved past the ‘denial’ phase, I understood… yeah.”
"You okay, Cas?" Dean says, worried. Cas huffs, a tiny exhalation of air, and shifts with his basket of groceries, moving further down the aisle. He looks down at the brightly coloured packets of pasta.
But Dean’s already exiting Bobby’s office, the letter caught tightly in his fist.
“Convenient. Did you stop off at your house on your way?”
The world is not ending.
“I know,” Cas says, but he steps forward in to Dean’s hallway anyway. The
“So you aren’t the hairy old geezer I thought you were – you do have a sense of humor.”
Cas deflates, looking at his shoes. “Dean.”
when Dean most definitely didn’t deserve to be saved.
“Shut up,” Dean interrupts, pressing his lips against the bolt of Cas’s jaw, mouthing at the sandpaper-rough stubble and skin.
Even the blood turns russet eventually.
that feels more like a promise than a name.
"It's okay," Dean whispers, gazing at Cas's face. "Answers are for later."
Dean has his gun drawn, but he’s not fast enough.
“You’re such a jerk, Dean. The worst.” But she’s still smiling.
“Liquid Heaven, and the only way to make it,” Dean nods at the mug. “Chocolate powder, a dash of cinnamon and some cayenne pepper, topped off with a tiny bit of water and some warm milk. Comfort drink. Try it.”
When Cas doesn't move, however, Dean just rolls his eyes and walks towards the vegetable displays. Cas will come and find him again in a few once he's gotten over himself.
to get him killed half the time. Benny’s an honest cop, though, and it’s fucking rare to find one of those these days, so Dean ain’t gonna look the gift horse in the mouth, so to speak. He and Benny mind their own business and try to avoid the backhanded dealings he knows go on between these four walls and so far, they’ve had it pretty easy.
“'Remembers the reformation'?”
The world fades out like a sepia-toned photograph, no matter how hard Dean tries to hold on.
He wants to reach across the desk and pull Cas against him, to hug away the pain, which is, yeah.
The air is clear and sweet, perfumed - as country air so often is - by grass and pollen, heady and rich. Moonlight trickles across the landscape, casting the world in hues of white and sliver. Everything glows. Stars have been snuffed out by both the intensity of the moonlight and the thin, reedy clouds that blanket the sky. The darkness is oppressive, but the moon appears to guide him. It reminds him of Cas, bright and intense and beautiful as it hangs innocently in the sky. He wonders what the angel would say if he were here with Dean.
Not really in a fit enough state to offer help, he leans awkwardly against the doorframe to Dean’s room, watching. Dean pulls a pair of scissors from the draw beside his bed and proceeds to cut through the dirty material.
“Show me,” Cas says like it’s a challenge, the words shaky but firm. Dean stares at him from under his lashes and smiles. Eyes rolling into the back of his head, Cas exhales slowly.
Cas nods. “I’m aware of that. You and Detective Lafitte have to do your jobs.”
Cas tilts his head and narrows his eyes, like he’s processing this information. “I see.”
Cas is leaning over a small child when they approach, tending to a rather garish looking leg wound. Dean could recognize him anywhere. He still has that ridiculous hair; his skin is that same shade of golden brown it was in Japan. Dean feels a sudden rush of warmth at his familiarity.
"Five years and eight months," Cas amends, and Dean glances at him affectionately. “You and your husband?"
First, Dean dials his mother in law’s house and tells Lisa that he’s going to be home a little later tonight, so she shouldn’t drop Ben around too early. Then he calls Sam’s office number up at Wilshire and asks if he wants to meet for a drink. Sam agrees.
When Dean gets to the station the next morning, Bobby informs him that Benny’s already got Cas in interview room two. Dean freaks out. What if Benny’s tried to get Uriel to
Dean almost chokes on his burger and tries to school his expression in to something neutral. He panics. “Er, yeah. We reconnected ‘cause of the case. It’s been good. We’re getting pretty close.”
Dean and Benny push through to see Bobby sitting at his desk, surrounded by papers and looking mighty flustered. Benny stands to attention like the good ex-soldier he is whilst Dean sprawls across one of the wooden chairs that are scattered around the room, resting his elbows on his knees and leaning forward
Later that evening, once the Wendigo’s put down and Sam’s out purchasing dinner, Dean pulls Cas roughly in to the safety of their shared motel room and pushes his mouth again the fallen angel’s. It’s two minutes of passionate kissing, a rasp of lips and rolling tongue, before Cas is pulling away and frowning at Dean.
“We have a home now, Sammy. We gotta make the most of it,” Dean says one early December morning, far too chipper than he has any right to be at eight am on a saturday. “Ham, turkey, decorations, presents, family… the whole Christmas experience.”
“I know I shouldn’t get emotionally involved. I shouldn’t even be on this case. But I feel like I owe it to him, you know?”
The Impala’s engine is a comforting thrum against Dean’s body as Sam speeds towards home, the road beneath them a too-long glittery expanse of black stretching into the night. He can taste salt on his lips as sweat trickles from his temples. His hands are sticky with Cas’s blood.
“Cas,” Dean rasps, mouth suddenly dry. He clears his throat. “Are you, uh…”
they care is more than Cas has been afforded since before he fell. Maybe it’s more than he deserves. Cas has lost everything to free will, to the man beside him, but he is just one of the many casualties of this war, of Dean. An ex-angel whose existence will be scrubbed out of biblical texts as he is slowly forgotten, his name no longer leaving the lips of humans or angels. He is finite.
Dean grumbles irritably, rolling his eyes. “You know what I mean.”
“It’s a domestic,” Bobby says firmly, voice gruff, “plain and simple, so treat it as one. Got it? Or do you need it in writin’, too?”
If he doesn’t remove the pants, though, he won’t be able to stitch the wound properly. Decision made.
Eventually, after six futile attempts at engaging Cas, Dean decides he’s had enough. As Cas raises his hands to gesture to Benny, Dean’s fingers form loose manacles around Cas’s wrists, preventing the angel from pulling away. Cas just stops, brow furrowed, eyes glittering in the dull sunlight as it shafts through the trees and plays over his face.
A group of officers have made a perimeter around the corpse. Barriers prevent the press - and curious citizens - from getting too close. They’re yelling inflammatory questions and statements, as per usual, but Dean ignores them as he and Benny flash their badges and push through the throng.
Sam rolls his eyes, but he’s smiling, and he steeples his hands below his chin in his classic thinking pose. “I’d say, at this stage, the facts don’t look good. He has no solid alibi, the body was found close to the house, and there was no sign of a break in, as you said, suggesting she let her attacker in willingly. Or they had a key.”
Dean’s struck with a sudden idea. “Thanks, Sam. You’re right. I owe you one.” He hangs up before Sam can ask him what he means. “Hey, Charlie, got any plans for this evening? Want to come to the library with me? I’ll buy you dinner and a drink afterwards.”
Prior to Purgatory, depression constantly trickled over his psyche like an old, familiar friend who frequently destroyed him. Its cruel breath fluttered across his mind, injecting poison into his conflicted thoughts, coaxing him out of his mediocre plateau of numb contentment.
Silence; Cas winds the cassette forward until Robert Plant’s familiar vocals whine through the stereo. Something about words having two meanings, which means the song is Stairway to Heaven. Cas rotates the volume knob until the music fills the car, guitar line high and melodic, the treble twisting against the dull, rhythmic hiss of the drums and bass. It’s a painful cacophony; the sound distorts and blurs into high static the further Cas turns.
The edges of Cas’s mouth turn up in a stiff smile. “Well, hot diggidy dog,” he says on exhale, sarcasm edging the words. “We have a meatball here.”
AU. Dean/Cas work xmas party with bonus Claire
It’s not long before Dean hears a gunshot followed by a muffled thump and a scream. He pulls until the binds snap, quickly undoing the ropes around his ankles once his hands are free.
“I’d like to talk to you further, Dean. Perhaps later this evening.” He offers a weak smile before wandering off to probably find Crowley, tailed by the blond kid. Dean watches him pick up a Santa hat on the way, this one adorned with a fluffy wire halo that bobs precariously above the tip of the hat. It looks ridiculous. It looks adorable, particularly coupled with the hideous Christmas sweater he’s wearing, which is tight enough across his hips that it emphasises the gorgeous bulge of his ass. Dean wants to leave as soon as he can.
Cas stills, looking concerned. “I have people who can… confirm that I was out of town last night.”
Fuck, he misses Cas. It’s a physical ache deep in his gut. He feels the agony of it with every breath; it’s like a knife’s edge pressed against his throat, and suddenly he’s choking on it.
“Apple custard filling,” Cas growls, and goddamnit, those words shouldn’t sound so hot. Then again, Cas could recite the Bible in his smoke and razorblades rumble and it would give Dean a hard-on. Dean can’t help but kiss Cas then, chapped lips and sweet apple as he licks in to Cas’s mouth; clearly Cas has been sampling the cooking. He manages to successfully rub the pasty substance all over Cas’s chest and t-shirt.
“Pretty much.” Dean drops to the floor and makes a show of pretending to get comfortable. Cas rolls his eyes and huffs. “Or you could, you know, angel-mojo us out of here, or something.”
Dean shakes his head. “You can’t leave me there, Cas. What’s gonna happen now?”
love. But Cas can’t make Dean return that sentiment.
Dean grunts. “What’s with the tinkerbell act? The sudden mood swings?” He’s trying not to be distracted by Cas’s denim-wrapped thighs pressed against his own. “Becoming a fairy now you’re no longer an angel?”
“Of course.”
I'm clearly terrible at keeping word limits. Sorry not sorry.
Title taken from The Smiths song of the same name, but the song has very little relevance to the piece, I suppose. I'm just lazy.
“Cat’s out of the bag now for both of us, I guess,” Dean says, inputting his contact details and adding a heart next to his first name, just to be cheeky. “Claire just beat me to it.”
Christmas fic for
“We’re here because we found a body,” he says, interrupting their competitive staring as the words sort of falling from his mouth in a stumbling rush, and Cas’s glare moves from Benny to Dean. He looks like he’s had enough of absolutely everything, his brow heavy and furrowed, those eyes the color of a pre-storm summer sky staring unfalteringly back at Dean’s. Dean’s not gonna lie; he’s a little intimidated, a little scared, and about ten types of turned on, and that’s so fucking inappropriate in this situation that he should really head straight back to central and hand his badge over immediately. Because shit. Nausea rolls across his stomach again, panic itching at his skin at the thought of what he’s here to do. The world suddenly feels too small. He tries to breathe deeply. This needs to be done, and he owes it to Cas, but fuck; how do you tell a friend that you’ve just found his wife with her throat cut in the middle of an empty block?
” Cas is doing something with his tongue that Dean isn’t quite sure is physically possible, but it feels goddamn excellent, so he’s not gonna complain. Soon there’s a third finger, and Cas’s mouth is kissing a line down to his fingers spreading Dean’s ass open. He fists Dean’s dick in the hand that isn’t pressing in to Dean’s ass before removing his arm, smearing applesauce along the crease of Dean’s ass, and pressing the flat of his tongue against Dean’s entrance. He licks his way through the mess; Dean whimpers. Then Dean can hear the telltale sound of flesh on flesh as Cas lubes up his cock and pushes in.
The carpet that runs through the house is a soft cream colour, and the walls are painted off-white, except for the kitchen, which has a linoleum floor and sunny yellow walls. No blood.
“Yeah, but it wasn’t your stupid decision that got half your platoon and a bunch of innocent civilians killed.”
“Yes,” Cas says, almost knocking the table over as he stands. “Tuxes, right. They are a must have at weddings. And we mustn’t forget the flowers.”
. He’s back in the Real World, a setting that feels so disconnected from
"He's mine," Cas says, a little in awe.
“Who’s coming, Cas?” They’re sitting on a motel bed in the middle of upstate Illinois, watching some shitty daytime TV soap while Sam does his thing at the library. Cas has been skittish all day, refusing to stray more than a few yards from Dean at any one time, pressing up into his personal space more than Dean usually deems appropriate (and he’s fucking the goddamn angel). Even now, Cas is resting half on Dean’s lap and half on the comforter like scared cat. It’s freaking Dean out.
Dean groans, pushing forward until his forehead is pressed against Cas’s. He rests there for a beat, inhaling Cas's scent, like earth and musk and something spicy. “We’re good, Sammy,” Dean yells back, pulling away. He stands and offers Cas his hand, smiling. “I mean that,” he says more quietly, to Cas. “We still have shit to work out, but I think we’re good for now. And thanks for the uh, porn and stuff, by the way. I'm sorry I flipped my shit when you came back. I do appreciate it.”
Dean rounds the aisle to see Cas making his way out the door with his hands caught tightly around the lobster. What the everloving fuck.
Old Time is still a-flying;
He draws a ragged breath and keeps the gun cocked, ready to fire.
Fuck. Maybe it isn't gang related - maybe it really is a serial killer who has a thing for virgins.
“Where are you parked?” Cas says softly, wrapping his hand around Dean’s bicep. His voice is pitched low, the sound a comforting thrum against the razor-edge of Dean’s nerves, and his fingers are a grounding pressure through Dean’s coat. “I caught the streetcar here.”
More silence; Cas doesn’t move. Dean opens his eyes simply so he can roll them - since when was playing mom to angels part of his job description?
Cas seems to mostly give up on the battle once his shirt is unbuttoned. He fists Dean’s cock, own pants around his thighs. It’s too tight and rough, at first; Dean is oversensitive. He hisses. Cas looks apologetic and releases his grip, leaning down to whisper, “Tell me what you want,” into Dean’s ear.
Cas fucks Dean with his eyes closed.
“You,” Dean says on exhale, feeling his mouth slide into a grin. Cas sighs dramatically and strokes Dean’s cock again, slower and gentler this time, and Dean’s not so keen on joking anymore. “Yeah, like that, Cas; fuck.”
“Yeah,” Benny says, and fuck, and it sounds like a challenge. Dean revokes his thanks. “We were hoping you could tell us how it happened.”
Dean grins and continues to paint the ham with amber-coloured syrup. “So you knew him?”
He walks away, then, coattails flapping in the cool fall breeze like a pair of awkward wings. Dean watches him until Cas is swallowed by darkness.
Cas huffs before turning around to lock the door. “What do you want to know?”
Dean fumbles, his gaze lingering for a beat too long. “Er, yeah. Pretty sure that’s it.”
It’s not until later that evening that Cas explains it to Dean.
Silence. Three minutes pass. Dean can still feel the angel’s eyes watching him, and, judging by sound, Cas probably hasn’t moved an inch. Hell, the dude watched over earth for millennia; he could probably comfortably stand there all night.
At 1:08am, he’s still asleep when Dean’s text comes through. Cas will wake with the dawn, sunlight curling its fingers around the shutters, and smile at the message that appears on the screen.
"No, Cas," Dean interrupts. "I'm asking what you want."
“Yeah. Then we can find Novak and see what he has to say. Personally, I’m banking on it being more sinister than your average husband-and-wife dispute gone bad.”
Benny chuckles. “Always keen to save lives, eh? You should’ve stayed in Vice.”
That doesn’t stop him from being surprised when the bullet whistles past his ear.
But being spent, the worse, and worst
Dean’s known for a long time that he likes both men and women. His sexuality crisis actually reached a peak in his late teens, when he realized that Robert Taylor’s broad shoulders and narrow hips were just as much of a turn-on as Ginger Roger’s soft curves. He hated himself just a little bit for it, because he knew his dad – world war one veteran and a hard-boiled vice cop – would never be even remotely okay with it. So while he didn’t think he had an illness, no matter what any shitkickers said, he knew that being a queer could get him locked in the can – or, worse, sent to an asylum – so Dean mostly tried to move on and reason with himself, because chasing skirt was fun and birds were just as hot as dudes, just for (mostly) different reasons. And that was okay. Aside from the occasional drunken fumble in a dark alleyway, Dean dated women, eventually settling on Lisa when he stumbled to her doorstep one night and discovered that she was four months pregnant. It was a good sort of relationship – Dean could have the wife he required to advance his career, and Lisa could have financial support for the baby. They just didn’t consider the war, how damaged Dean would be when he returned, and what it would do to their relationship.
He is dying star, falling alone through space. Falling in love and fallen from grace.
There’s an awkward silence, and then: “Look, about last night…”
“Marry me?”
Cas’s eyes widen like a puppy who thinks it’s about to be struck. Dean sighs and rubs a hand across his face, covering his eyes.
Realization dawns as the pieces finally align. The missing link, something Dean didn’t think about, of course, because he thought Daphne was
“I could have stopped you,” Cas says then, wrapping his arms around. “My orders would have overridden yours. But I didn’t. I followed you in because I thought it was a good decision.”
“Twenty-two and twenty seven. Their names are Charlotte and Elizabeth. My, how the years pass - it seems like only yesterday they were still in diapers!” Dean grimaces involuntarily, but she doesn’t notice.  “How was the chocolate? Can I get you more cake?”
Dean casts his gaze sideways at Cas and frowns. “I don’t care; it’s important you learn.”
“Sorry about that,” Dean begins. “Charlie’s like a freaking whirlwind.”
There's a whimper, a slurred response. Dean reaches the road to see the figure shift, curling in on itself, a smudge of brown against the black expanse. He runs faster, then, ignoring Sam's warning about traffic.
"No," Cas says, shifting his weight. "Every time I close my eyes, I’m transported to a new place. It’s disconcerting."
Gather ye rose-buds while ye may,
“Yeah yeah, same concept,” Dean interrupts. “But what about the healing process?”
“Woah there, leadfoot,” Dean exclaims. “More than a bit not good. Go easy on her.”
Angry red numbers flicker up at him from beside the bed. It’s fucking three-thirty in the morning – who is goddamn stupid enough to be wandering around the Bunker at this time of night, breaking things? Dean shifts his weight off the bed, pulls his gun from his bedside table, grabs his bathrobe from the hook on the back of his door, and walks briskly out in to the hallway.
Cas looks petrified. “I almost bought you a sweater like mine. I’m sorry; I shouldn’t have been so presumptuous, I -“
“Wait for Secret Santa. It ends in tears every year.” He turns to face the Hot New Attorney, whose actual name is Castiel, and who appears to have an issue with personal space. Dean doesn’t mind. “Get out while you can, man.”
“We’re leaving before you embarrass yourself further, old man,” Claire says irritably.
“Thank you,” Cas murmurs, looking up at Dean. He looks adorable and so fucking happy that it makes Dean’s heart swell, discomfort evaporating immediately.
Charlie finishes her mouthful before leaning back in her chair. “Cas seems helpful. And a bit of a dreamboat.”
In a flutter of wings, five figures appear in the centre of the room, interrupting Cas. Three males, two females, all dressed in pressed black suits with perfect hair, emanating a power that Dean can’t quite comprehend (like Cas once used to).
– until muscles begin to cramp. Cas eases out of Dean and extracts himself from the bed; Dean immediately stands to retrieve a cloth, uneasy on his legs. He doesn’t look at Cas as he cleans himself up, instead choosing to stare at his own reflection in the mirror. Cas uses his shirt to wipe his lower abdomen. Condoms are pointless these days – they’re all going to die well before an STI can become an issue, so what the fuck's the point, really.
There's the screech of breaks, a flash of light; the impala skids and fishtails off the road into the muddy ditch beside it. Sam's yelling. The engine groans in protest. There's a sharp ringing in Dean's ears that won't stop. Everything feels distant, disconnected, as if he's actions aren't his own.
Cas’s last over-shirt got torn to shreds on their previous hunt, and they haven’t crossed another army surplus store since the one in Seattle that had been liquidated. It’s about fifty kinds of hot, five kinds of possession, and is creating all sorts of fantasies that will entertain him for weeks and Dean just can’t fucking concentrate. Who’d blame him?
Dean can feel burn of Cas’s cock as it drags against his ass, trying to hit that sweet spot. Cas traps Dean in the cage of his limbs as he leans over Dean’s body caught on the kitchen countertop, expression intense as he stares downwards. He bites at his lip and regards Dean with the same sort of concentration he reserves for complex strategizing and practical physics. Dean would laugh if Cas wasn’t balls deep inside him and he could think coherent thoughts. Instead he kisses whatever parts of Cas’s skin he can reach, tasting the tart sweetness of fruit and sugar mixed with the natural musk of Cas’s skin. It’s heady and wonderful. Cas palms Dean’s cock again, nails raking at his pubic hair, and Dean tries not to arch off the marble. Cas adjusts his angle, then, and manages to hit the jackpot; Dean has to stifle his moan against Cas’s forearm.
Dean was shot before they’d even made it back to camp, in the end.
“Whatever. Hey, Dean, if it works out between you and my uncle, may the best gamer win and all that, yeah?”
It’s an agreeable day, all things considered; aside from the pollution collecting on the horizon and the fact that his friend’s wife is dead (they are still friends, right?), the sky is close to a rich cornflower blue that reminds Dean of Kansas summers spent sprawled over sun bleached grass, heat-lulled and sleepy as he gazed the sky. This suburb is one of the nicer areas in town – not too ritzy, but still gentrified enough after the war that it doesn’t see much crime. A lot of houses with white picket fences and neat lawns and colorless exteriors line the street, not unlike Dean’s own neighborhood. The ‘Hollywoodland’ sign is visible as it hangs jauntily from the Hollywood hills. It’s pretty, even if shooting a gun felt far more normal to him than mowing the lawn ever did.
“Hey, Charlie,” Dean says after he’s hung up. “You interested in coming to The Silver Spoon with Sam and me?”
Dean is everywhere, then. Broad hands are cupping Castiel's jaw and there's a warm, wet pressure against his lips and his brain whites out for just a moment. Then he's back in Dean's bedroom, arms filled with another body as it moves against his, fingertips touching him like he's fragile, precious - worth something. It hurts. It overwhelms. It makes him truly understand want as Dean kisses I love you, too against the seam of his mouth.
"Okay. In three. One, two..." he eases his arms behind Cas's back and under his legs and pulls, staggering to his feet. Cas's eyes roll in to the back of his head in pain. Dean takes a tentative step forward, wondering if perhaps he should have got Sam to drive the car up before he'd moved the angel.
“I… no.” Dean touches Cas’ face with the hand that isn’t caressing his back, dragging his fingertips through the tears, down his cheeks until they brush Cas’ lips. He tastes salt and dust.
Suddenly there’s another crash, this time from the kitchen. A muffled curse-word joins the clatter of metal on metal. Dean moves swiftly, stepping forward and around the wall, drawing his gun, pushing the door open–
first. come say hi anytime :)
"Oh, you two!" Cynthia says, all flustered, face bright red. Dean isn’t so sure he’s so comfortable being objectified by an old woman, but hey, it’s all for the case, right? Nothing to do with his attraction to Cas. Nope. “Just the way you look at each other! Reminds me of my husband and I back in the old days. How long have you been together?"
“You’re still with Lisa?”
A huff of air comes from behind Castiel, interrupting Dean’s thoughts. “C’mon, gramps. Stop flirting. The faster you make the rounds the faster we can get out of here.” From the doorway emerges what Dean bets is The Catch: a slight blond teenage girl with a lot of attitude, going by the ripped jeans and the petulant expression. Cas has a kid. Cas probably has lots of kids, and is married, and lives in a house in the suburbs with a white picket fence and a dog called Fido and a Christmas tree heaped with presents. All Dean’s dirty thoughts go ‘poof.’
“What have we got, doc?” Dean says, moving to stand beside Benny.
As Cas moves off, seemingly satisfied with their discussion and oblivious to Dean’s current emotional state (and why shouldn’t he be; he’s never had ‘occasion’ to learn the nuances of the human condition), Sam sends a questioning glance at Dean, like this isn’t how he imagined Dean would react to finding out that Cas had sex for the first time. And yeah, to be honest, Dean thought he’d be the one to take Cas’s virginity, so this is totally unexpected for him, as well. He never thought he’d even have to react. He’s never even been able to reconcile the image of Cas having sex with someone else, because although he knows Cas is a sexual being (he’s seen him pop a boner at a porno and make out with a Demon), he’s also the guy who freaked out at the thought of fucking a prostitute, who always equated sex with love. Dean’s treading on new territory, here, and it’s entirely disconcerting.
He uses his grip on Cas’ hips and encourages him to fuck into his mouth, slowly at first, then lets him build up his own pace as Dean pulls his lips over his teeth. Cas thrusts enthusiastically, erratically, almost whimpering as the head of his cock hits the back of Dean’s throat. Dean swallows around it. Cas starts saying Dean’s name, a single broken syllable; Dean groans around Cas’s cock in his mouth, dick trying to twitch with interest. At 42, though, he’d be lucky.
And just when Dean was thinking some good might come from this case.
how he feels. The surviving men are all bloody and beaten, none without both physical and psychological wounds. They’ve seen Japanese civilians throw themselves off cliffs on American approach, fought for their own lives against gunfire and rough terrain every day, and watched their allies bleed out over the dusty earth in front of them, blood flowering over cracked ground, unable to do anything but leave the bodies where they fall. Cas did his best as a medic, aiding when he could to lessen the physical burdens, but Dean knows that Cas took some losses as personal fuck ups. Muttered to himself every night about what he could have done better as they divvied up rations and tried to catch a few hours of rest.
“Thank you,” he eventually murmurs wetly against Dean’s neck. Dean presses a gentle kiss to his forehead; Cas closes his eyes. He’ll allow himself one night to believe that the man pressed against his side returns his sentiment. One night of deluded peace. One night to rest easy. Tomorrow, when the morning light filters through the windows and sweeps away the cobwebs created by sleep, Cas will act like nothing has changed. He’ll go back to his cabin and shoot up the last of his heroin. Then he'll leave with the day's patrol, perhaps more a liability than a help, but at least the narcotics will stop him from feeling like an open wound. He’ll serve Dean up until the end, regardless, Dean's own personal Guardian Angel. Dean will lead; he will follow, offering everything to Dean, because love is nothing if not compromise.
Sam looks at Dean and raises his eyebrows.
or anything. Christ, get a life. Dean has better things to do. Like make coffee.
being a male.” It’s so goddamn adorable, watching Cas not really
next chapter is going to be from dean's pov. thank you for reading.
and Cas skims through the lines.
Cas drags a blade across his palm, the sting stronger than the pain, and holds his fist tight over the bowl. The light growls at the receive, and Dean stands up to hover beside Cas, a protective hand just below his shoulder. Sam chants a spell, and Cas looks at Dean again, and this time, Dean holds his eye.
Claire’s gonna be okay, Dean promises himself. He’ll not let her get hurt. It’s a far-fetched thought, but when Cas smiles at him when he gets back to their room, he thinks, maybe, he’s gonna be okay too.
“Yeah,” Dean nods. “They’re not- a girl. And. Not a dude, either.”
Dean tips his head forward, pressing their temple together. “I know. I’m sorry.”
what hits him. It’s the mug, tea sloshing in the space between, and hitting him just above his ribs, darkening the front of his shirt with warm tea. Cas looks even more pissed now, eyes widened and mouth agape, which he has no right to, by the way, because
“Okay. You sure you’re up for it, Cas?” Sam asks, the contents of the bowl shimmering against his face.
I’ve been calling out from the garage.”
Cas, for his part, that dork, nods sagely.
dead him, but Cas stays behind. He waits as the Impala peels away with a roar, and crawls over to the crib. There are stuffed toys and rattles cluttered around, and Cas outlines the seam of a stuffed grey koala plushie with his index finger. Sees the letters J A C K in different colors, and smiles.
wasn’t a walk in the park, either.
Claire shrugs. Dean ruffles her hair, and she pushes him away, an annoyed smile tugging at her lips.
“Oh, you weren’t?” Dean asks, then lowers his voice in an impression of Cas. “‘Sure, Abigail. I would
Dean won’t forgive him this time. Instead, he cries between hiccups, like a damn baby, into his best friend’s shoulder.
“I did.”
“Jack’s gonna be okay, Cas.”
“Yeah, yes.” Then, a low chuckle, “to my actual baby. Who is twelve.”
Cas smiles, which turns into a smug smirk, and when Dean raises his eyebrow, shrugs. Says, “On an unrelated note, totally unrelated note”, his eyes glinting with mischief, sincere yet, “I might have insinuated that I and Sam might go rogue, if someone hurts you.”
Cas walks into the light, and risks a turnaround. The light screeches, making his ears ring, and then the light collapses into itself, taking Cas with.
Cas places a hand over his elbow. “Still. I’m sorry about Mary.” Dean looks at him, and he holds his gaze, and suddenly Dean wants to be selfish. Dean wants to ruins Cas’ life and lose his best friend and just put a stop to all the pretenses. Dean wants, Dean
Sam, who was sprawled unconscious on the floor, gets up, and that gets Dean’s attention.
, cross that, she smelled like
“Take care, Benny.” Dean’s voice is just above a whisper, and Cas aches with the knowledge of his pain. Dean swallows, as Cas strokes his fingers across his cheekbone. Cas could bet Dean leans into the touch, like he does, but then Dean is breathing in deep, and he throws the phone is his hand across the room, knocking off an empty can of soda on the table in front of them.
Cas raises his hands above his head and announces, “Fine. If that’s what you want.”
Dean sits him on the bed and sits beside him, their thighs touching but not quite. “Talk to me.”
“I said I wasn’t flirting with her, Dean.”
“You’re jealous of Abigail. A woman.”
“I’m not gonna tell you, kid. If I do, then it won’t come true.”
“‘S a kitten,” Cas answers, “Abigail’s cat had a litter last week. She’s sellin’ them.”
“So? She’s a woman.” Cas looks at him incredulously, “And I’m gay.”
“C’mere.” he pulls Cas by his neck, who carefully puts the coffee on his side and simply
Jack has a way of making Dean do things he doesn't want to,
Dean looks at him. Sees him, and he sees Cas look back at him,
Claire looks older than Mary assumed, as she stands at a distance with her arms folded across her chest almost defensively, eyes alert, feet tapping the ground impatiently. Dean parks the car a few feet away and gets out to get her. Mary takes this as a signal to slip in the backside. Cas shifts, making space for her and smiles awkwardly. She likes him.
Cas still doesn’t look up, but takes a sip of his tea.
Sam helps Dean get Cas to their room, and Cas clings to Dean, afraid and holding on to an unnamed promise.
, he gets off this flight, they’re gonna know how much. “Mm hmm.” he nods.
“Yeah, we were on route. I waited until I saw this,” he says, reaches into his coat and pulls out a goddamn Leviathan blossom from his Mary Poppins pockets and that’s great, but Dean can’t pull his eyes away from Cas’s face, his real, whole, stupid, handsome face.
The luck of heroes, she says. Double or nothing, she says.
The conversation has veered wildly off track and this might be the closest thing they get to an actual talk, here in Purgatory where his defences are routinely dismantled, but Dean’s regretting going into it with a leviathan three feet ahead of them.
Now what?
“Eileen?” he tries again. Dean can hear Cas come to stand behind him, trying to listen in.
“You had to hit the junk yard didn’t ya,” Lee sighs, like this is all Dean’s fault.
And Cas is right there.
Dean never sees the spectre outside of the bunker.
“We will find him,” Sam says, eventually, all forced calm and placating hands. The grill starts spitting, Dean flips the burgers. “And we will work out a way to beat him. We
And he feel into that nightmare by jumping the gun, by not thinking things through, by not understanding the cost.
Dean says, “He left.”
She pours herself a drink, sets the bottle down on a nearby rock, then turns a corner and they’re suddenly in a large chamber straight out of Game of Thrones.
Cas, who’s seen him at his worst, in Hell, in Purgatory, with the Mark, and stuck with him anyway. Cas, who always insisted he’d be there with Dean after everyone else was dead and gone. Cas, who takes a long, ragged breath, then turns and walks away.
“Little late for that.”
“Yeah, lucky them,” Dean repeats, because that’s the whole point. “It doesn’t change a thing. We still do the job, but we don’t do it for us. We do it for Jack. For Mom. For Rowena.” He has to breathe, cut himself off. Their list of dead friends is endless, better not fall down that rabbit hole. “We owe it to anybody that has ever given a damn about us to keep putting one foot in front of the other.” If Dean doesn’t have a reason to keep going, he won’t. “No matter what. And hey man, like you said, now that Chuck’s gone we're finally on our own. We are finally free to- move on, y’know?”
“Qualifications include 'reciting the bible from memory'?”
It’s in a plain envelope with nothing but a stamp, the inked lettering of the post office it was processed at, and ‘LA Central Division: Homicide – Dean Winchester’ typewritten at the top. It lands directly on Dean’s desk, of course, because he’s the only one in the briefing room at the time, and he takes it directly to Bobby.
He realizes then that one of Cas’s hands is still resting on his hip, the other pressed tentatively against the edge of Dean’s jaw where he just pushed some tape. Dean clears his throat, and Cas’s eyes just flicker straight to Dean’s lips.
Cas and Charlie get on like a house on fire, of course. No surprises there, but Dean’s still pretty thrilled. Charlie brings her Magic: The Gathering decks - much to Kevin’s delight - and they end up playing some variation of the game that involves drinking for every mana they tap, once they’ve all got the hang of the game.
Benny snorts out a laugh. “Work this job for as long as I have, brother, and you’ll start to understand that the simplest explanation is often best.”
“We’re married on paper. We don’t live together – she lives with her mom. Ben’s not actually my kid, but we raise him together ‘cause it’s way too hard for single mothers.” Dean pauses. “I think… I think she was expecting something different to come back from the war, you know?”” He turns to look at the picture on the wall of he, Ben and Lisa before he left for the Pacific, all perfect smiles and warmth in Sammy’s back yard. “Something less damaged. A hero. Instead she got an insomniac invalid who won’t talk about anything that happened and drinks too much to compensate.”
Cas is Dean’s best friend, for fuck’s sake. Dean takes a few more angry steps forward, swallowing down some more alcohol. He would never intentionally threaten or fuck up the best friendship he’s ever had by admitting that he has a stupid crush – like a fucking twelve year old - on the beautiful, broken, rebel angel. How could a friggin’ Angel of the freaking Lord – who has watched the entire world from its infancy, every stupid mistake humanity has ever made; who sees sex as tedious, repetitious – ever reciprocate feelings for gutter-soul Dean who has built his entire existence around his absent and fucked up father (daddy’s little blunt instrument) and who has tortured souls in hell (and enjoyed it, he reminds himself bitterly) and who started the goddamn apocalypse - beyond the entirely platonic love he’s been conditioned to feel by God?
“Um, I don’t actually have his number,” Cas says, pulling his phone from his pocket and handing it to Dean. “If you wouldn’t mind?” He’s slightly sheepish. Dean finds it endearing.
“Hey, at least I’m an angel. And Dorothy thinks I’m one too.” She taps her own halo pulls a slip of paper with a number scrawled on it from her pocket, her face splitting into a huge grin. Dean smiles back.
He’s drunk at least a fifth of the jack by now, and he can no longer see the motel behind him.
Written for
Dean shakes his head slowly. “Not really. It’s… complicated.”
The living room is small and isn’t used much, aside from when he has guests over, which isn’t often. Dean pours both he and Cas a tumbler of whiskey and sits down on the green velvet couch under the window. Cas accepts the drink and lowers himself to the opposite end. He stares down in to the amber liquid like it possibly holds the meaning of life before taking a deep swill, and Dean mimics the action. It burns as it trickles down his throat, smoky and strong.
But for now, he’ll lie here and close his eyes so he won’t see the love Dean doesn’t feel. Now, and for the next few hours, Dean loves him, and he loves Dean.
There’s no indication of a break in, but Dean can’t poke around too much without gaining the attention of the neighbors, so he makes a couple of notes on his pad and begins to walk quickly back in the direction he came.
He’s not sure he believes his own words as he fetches the whiskey, a needle and some dental floss from his duffle, tears drying stiffly on his face. A silent reminder of the pain to come.
“Huh?”
That was clearly the wrong thing for Dean to say, because Cas is now glaring absolute daggers at him, as opposed to calmly contemplating the vest like he was moments before. “No,” he growls. “But I exist to you. That’s what matters.”
She looks at him, confused. “You’d be what, in your mid to late 30s? Surely you’ve applied for a job before.”
"I can’t sleep, Dean," he says, standing in the doorway to Dean’s room for the third time that night - an inked shape drawn in broad brushstrokes against warm yellow light. Dean rolls over and blinks blearily at the intruder.
Castiel moves his hands until they're clasped loosely around Dean's. Dean doesn't pull away. Castiel peers with narrowed eyes through his lashes, squinting at Dean's face, head tilted like a curious puppy as he catalogues the muscles working under the epidermis to produce Dean's current expression. Something in the set of Dean's brow gives him confidence, and before he can stop himself, the word has trickled from between his teeth.
The thought hits Cas like a freight train and suddenly he needs to get away from Dean, away from the excruciatingly hot press of his body and the cage of his limbs and the too-soft mouth that is pressed against the skin of Castiel’s forehead. It’s too much, too soon; an overwhelming flood of sensory perception and sentiment that makes Castiel feel like he’s drowning. He gasps for air and tries to pull away, mindful of both Dean’s PTSD and his own anxiety, and suddenly Dean’s eyelids are fluttering open and Castiel’s vision is filled with freckles and eyelashes and green.
“And you are getting pie everywhere; look, it’s even in your hair. I liked this place because it was orderly,” Cas huffs against Dean’s neck. “Are you going to clean this up afterwards?” Dean’s response is to hoist Cas up on to the bench and to finish licking the sticky mess from Cas’s stomach.
“Ah yeah, kids. Cas and I were considering adopting.” Finally, finally Cas wraps his arm around Dean’s waist. His fingers clutch at the loose material of Dean’s shirt, and a pulse of something warm shoots to Dean’s stomach.
Dean doesn’t love Cas. Cas knows this. Although sometimes, in his weaker moments, he prays to a God he knows doesn't exist that something might be there, his hope like a candle that won’t quite flicker and die. Dean did love him – perhaps – once, a long time ago. Now Cas is drug-fucked and constantly strung out on opiates, screwing his way through half the camp with no abandon, and Dean is the ‘fearless leader’, detached and mechanical, focussed only on the end goal and how it can be achieved. If he were to compare him to anyone, Cas thinks that he would say Dean is like Che Guevara: ruthless, perpetually fighting for the underdog with little regard for the collateral, but still trying to keep his heart in the right place. A guerrilla war machine who approaches killing a civilian – a friend - with the same sort of cold, calm collectedness he reserves for talking to children and giving orders to troops. It makes Cas' very human stomach roll with nausea.
"I... don't know," he answers honestly, quietly, and Dean just nods, wishing he had an extra arm so he could sweep the hair of Cas's forehead. He wants to press his mouth against the salted furrows of Cas's brow. He wants to try and kiss the pain away.
Small drabbles written about Dean's sexual partners throughout his life, stitched together by interludes about Cas.
“To my flower; the scent of Daphne lingers strongly across my skin,” Dean reads out, and if that’s not fucking creepy, he doesn’t know what is. “The rest is in verse. It’s… hang on.”
“Are you okay?” Cas says once he’s finished wiping the blood away. His breath blows over the sensitive part of Dean’s neck. Dean shivers.
“‘For christmas I want the courage to tell Cas how I feel?’”
Cas frowns. “Is that unacceptable? You mentioned needing to go on a grocery run, so I took the liberty of going myself. I tried to purchase what I thought you’d want or require.”
"I thought I wanted... freedom," he says slowly, as if tasting the feel of the words before they leave his mouth. "Freedom for me. Freedom and free will for angels. Beyond what I'd been told I should want, I believed that was the first thing I desired for myself."
and that his brother’s favourite food is salad and that Lisa snores when she’s had more than a fifth of a bottle of Cutty Sark in the evenings - but that won’t necessarily make it any easier for Dean to prove that Cas is innocent; Cas better have a damn good alibi.
The assistant asks when Dean’s goddamn well got his fork wedged between his lips and his mouth stuffed with cake. They’re sitting in the wedding cake tasting shop - which is named something ironic like Heaven’s Cakes - waiting for Sam to text them with the name of the dude who’s been shoving hex bags in tiered monstrosities. The place is filled with too much pastel and ribbon for Dean’s taste, and now they’ve got this stranger with a lurid nametag that reads “Cynthia" asking about the state of their non-existent relationship.
Cas is silent.
Dean shifts in his chair. “Could it be-”
Your own hands run the length of your body, covered in lube, and you cup your hands around your dick and pretend it’s his mouth sucking, sucking, sucking. He’d have his own dick in one of his hands, working himself as he lapped and sucked at yours. The other hand would be working its way to your ass. He wouldn’t let you touch him at all, and it would be torturous, your own fingers clenched behind your back. His baby blues would be constantly focussed on you, trying to hold your gaze, but eventually it would be too much.
“No, Dean, you don’t understand.” His eyes are wide and frightened and too fucking blue. It hurts Dean to see him like this. “They’re –“
Dean frowns. “Uh, sure? I didn’t really… y’know, expect you to buy me anything, Cas. Having you here is enough.”
“We’ll run a background check. What’s his given name?”
“So you’re really invested in this case, aren’t you?” Charlie says after two beers. Their food has just arrived, and Dean’s mostly interested in getting his teeth into the cheesy-meaty goodness of the burger, but he replies anyway.
“Now I’m sticky,” he grumbles.
Bobby frowns. “Stanza, verse, whole poem, entire book; I don’t really care. It’s dangerous. And now we need to figure out what do about it.”
Cas just grins like the cat that got the cream as Dean tugs him over to the cash register to pay for the stupid thing.
Cas smiles wider than Dean thought was possible. “Merry Christmas, Dean.”
Cas nods, watching Dean’s hands on his wrists. Dean pulls away and stares straight ahead. “Now switch the stick to first-“ he shows Cas how to move the gear stick in to first position – “take off the handbrake, and ease down on the pedal.”
Dean suddenly gets it. “It’s assurance for you, isn’t it? You’re still worried that I’ll ditch you to settle down with some nice chick and have 2.5 kids and a picket fence in the ‘burbs like I’m Preston fucking Tucker? “
As Cas pulls Dean’s underwear down to expose his cock, Dean all but groans: “Want you naked.” Reaching for the buttons on Cas’s shirt, he’s as clumsy as Cas was earlier, pawing at them but getting nowhere with shaky fingers. Cas is equally impatient and manages to rip one off entirely by accident. There are too many clothes, Dean thinks desperately, trying to kick off his pants and pull Cas’ shirt off his shoulders at the same time.
“Right,” Dean says. “And uh, the blood?”
“Actually, remind me to wear your clothes more often,” Cas gasps, and Dean can feel the fucker grin against his lips.
“I’ll ask around and see if anyone knows what it’s from,” Dean says, still staring at the words. They’re beginning to swim across the page, now, as his vision blurs.
Dean sighs. Shakes his head. “I just…” He rubs his hand across his face before looking back up at Cas. “This isn’t about me, anyway. You’re the one who lost your wife today. Can I get you a drink?”
). Title taken from the Death Cab For Cutie song of the same name.
“He hasn’t shown any interest, either.”
They stay like that for a while longer, not talking, Cas’s hand pressed against Dean’s shoulder, Dean’s hand moving to Cas’s knee. The silence isn’t uncomfortable – in fact, quite the opposite. It’s just breathing and heartbeats and radio static as the world turns around them.
Dean wakes up to whispers in the middle of the night, which wasn’t anything new when the nurses and doctors came every hour to check on something. Usually, Cas would wake him up if needed, so Dean tried to go back to sleep.
“Fuck.” Cas hands rest on his knees as he tries to catch his breath. “Are you-are you trying to run away from me?” Cas looks up with a teasing smile, it was beautiful, and Dean didn’t realize how much he missed him until now. “I am your only customer around here, so that’s a pretty bad business decision if you ask me.”
“Yeah. Yeah, we are staying married.” Dean tells her and Cas grinned, full-on teeth grin that Dean loves seeing on him. He leaned down to kiss that grin.
Cas nods, his cheeks turning red, but reaches to kiss Dean's own cheek that he tilted towards him. Sam just stared in awed as he watches his brother smile over at Cas who smiled back more shyly. Sam looked at Cas and for the first time, he saw that 'holy shit I can't live without you' look in his face which made Sam grin more. He really didn't have to worry about his brother finding someone because that someone was already with him. Someone who understands him and didn't expect so much from that he felt the need to run away like in past relationships.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean didn’t like going down this neighborhood. It never made him any money, plus the block is a dead end, so he always ends up circling back around with his heavy cart. His Tio always yelled at him for it, wasting precious time in a block where nobody paid him any attention because these Americanos aren’t used to people walking around selling comida.
Cas is right. They haven’t kissed since Dean found him in the field, and yeah, maybe they don’t need excuses to kiss, but if it makes Cas more confident to ask, then who is Dean to stop him.
“But I get it, you know, if you don’t want to talk to me.” Dean looks up to see Cas still staring at him but with eyes filling with tears. “Holy shit.” Dean put the bag down and walked around to stand by Cas’s side. He grabbed a napkin from his cart and handed it to Cas to wipe his eyes. “Dude. Dude, please no llores. Don’t cry. People are gonna think I did something to you, and I’ll lose customers.” Dean tries to joke, but Cas doesn’t crack a smile. Instead, he rolls his eyes.
Dean doesn’t remember how many movies they watched that night or how he ended up falling asleep on a couch too small to hold two grown men. But he didn’t care because now he had Cas’s fingers making small circles on his back and the touch was so gentle.
Claire only rolls her eyes and sits at the kitchen table. “You meet Papa when you were my age.”
—who looked like he had been sitting in that seat freaking out since they left—and asked if they could try talking outside again. He blinked up at her a few times before nodding, following her to the backyard again.
When Dean finally arrived at Eileen’s, she asked if he was sick because he was looking flushed. Dean ended up telling her what happened, mostly because she actually looked concerned for him, and her response was, “How was it? He looks like he’ll be one hell of a kisser.”
. Alex. Patience and even Donna. Made it any easier for you?”
“Yeah. Had to work a little bit harder on my end, but I got him.” He reached over and patted her shoulder. “
This is his family.
tried following her, but Dean quickly rushed up to stop him. “
Dean chuckled. “Idiot.”
Cas was attractive and he stayed fit with running each morning but, either way, he felt as he never got a grasp on...normal. He wasn't so good with people and every time he tried to get close to someone they look at him as if he was just grown wings out of his back. He didn't understand how to talk to them or how to act, apparently he has this space issue he has been working on.
They drank their shakes and shared some fries while sitting on top of Claire’s ugly little red. Well, she sat, and he leaned, but either way, silence remained.
Dean walked over and pressed a kiss on the top of Cas’s head. If anybody saw, he didn’t care. He saw Cas visibly relax when he turned to look up from where he was sitting.
Cas would usually get four hours of sleep if he were lucky, and Dean knew out of experience how little sleep that actually was. How tired your muscles will be in the morning. How your bones will ache when you add weight to them. How your head will still feel hazy, and everything will feel far away because all you wanted to do is pass out.
They danced in front of the headlights, if you can call it dancing. They always ended up bursting into fits of laughter as they fell into each other because Cas did have two left feet. Eventually, Dean just took Cas from around the waist, and they just spun around in circles.
“I um-I usually head home around six. I can um,” Dean rubbed at the back of his neck, not meeting Cas’s eyes as he carefully says. “I can come by after if you want.”
This was supposed to be a safe nonromantic movie but Dean hasn’t watched it in a while. He forgot the ending when the parents sat in the dark, just like they were in now, and enjoyed the snow falling. With only the Christmas lights shining.
Sam looked back at him surprised. “Wow. Done already?”
“So much blood. So much blood. So much blood.”
"Yeah! Hope whoever I marry today isn't against family orientated types cause then I'm screwed."
and her, salvage a relationship he knew was important to both of them, but he didn’t know where to start.
Cas had his back turned towards him, looking down at the sink they wash the plates in. There was a lot of steam coming up, and for a second, he wondered what mess Cas had made that he needed so much hot water to clean up.
Cas nodded, “He helped Jack pick it apparently.”
By the time the car stopped at the hotel he couldn't remember what he saw outside the window and just helped Cas out with his bags again. He wanted to open Cas door but a worker had done that and even took their bags so Dean just walked beside Cas to the front door. He wanted to reach for Cas hand but he figured they have done enough hand holding for two strangers and if Cas wanted to hold his hand then he would have done so.
, Dean.” Cas took Dean’s shoulders so he could look him in the eyes. “You deserve to let go. You deserve to heal just like everybody else. Please. Do this for yourself. Do one damn thing for yourself.”
“Jack?” He called out as Dean stood by their side. Jack’s eyes were still far away for a second or two longer before he blinked a few times. His hands roughly touch his face. As if checking if it was still there. “Jack? Are you okay?”
Dean couldn’t help but let out a cold chuckle before his hand slid down his face before looking down at his legs. “This is stupid, Doc. You can’t fix me with just talking.”
“Can’t have you walking around looking like I don’t take care of you.” Dean said while Cas looked up at him to roll his eyes.
“How was your session with Mia, by the way?” Cas picked up some fries; he used the claw method, which made Dean fall in love with him a little more, before looking back at Dean. “You were a little out of it when you came out. Did you talk about your father and the um…cycle?”
“Lo deje en la casa!” When Dean took a step back, he put his arm around Cas’s shoulder to squeeze him close. “Pero, I brought a new customer.”
Sorry, this is my shortest chapter. I just needed it to end there. Either way, I hope you enjoyed it! Thank you for the lovely comments!! I swear they make my day better. Even if it's just you guys being mad at Cas lol
“Dean,”
“Claire, you gotta believe me. He didn’t mean to hurt you.”
“Thanks. I’m working towards my best Dad mug.” Dean winked at him, but the joke was lost on Cas as he said, “I can just buy you one.”
Jack smiled, it was a weak, tired smile that didn’t reach his eyes, but it was real.
Dean pushed at his knees to stand up and rolled his stiff shoulders back. “He went to help Eileen with something but should be back soon. Why? You need something?”
“Why didn’t you?”
“I’m fine.” Dean dismissed him as he raked his fingers through Cas’s hair to push it back and away from his face. “Do you want your present or not?”
He closes his eyes and lets his mind drift off to somewhere more pleasant. Somewhere warm. Someone warm.
Dean doesn’t turn around to respond, mostly to hide the stupid shit-eating grin he had on his face. “I said I’ll see you later!” But he does wave goodbye, ringing the bell as he goes.
Sometimes Cas would wake him up by clinging to him or his screams, but other times, Dean would wake up to an empty bed.
“Which reminds me we also need to go grocery shopping. We’re running low on supplies.”
Dean's head shoots up to stare back at Cas, who looked shy, pero siempre más guapo que la última vez que Dean lo miró.
He walked in and quickly meet eyes with his family before he took a deep calming breath and pretty much ran down the aisle to where he was supposed to stand, not meeting the eyes of the strangers on the other side of the room.
"Fuck you dude." Sam says nudging him away as he laughed.
Dean looked back at him then quickly back on the road, a small smile playing on his lips. “What? You don’t like the way I dress?”
She motions for him to join her and holds out another glass with at least three fingers of whisky in it. He takes it but can’t make himself drink it; he just stares into the glass cup, waiting for her to talk finally.
“I can give you a ride home if you want.” The words escaped his lips before he stopped himself. So he tried to play it off as cool as he could. He gave Cas - fuck Cas was right there - a wink and smile.
“Dude, what did you do? Break the damn cologne bottle?”
“He’s harmless now!”
"Sorry," Sam said stuffing a cookie in his mouth so he can give his mouth something to do.
Dean automatically wrapped his free arm around Cas’s waist and held him close to him as he glared at his brother while also speaking to the phone, “Okay, thanks. We’ll go check it out as soon as we can. Bye.”
“He left me too!” Dean raised his voice; it sounded broken to admit such a thing out loud. And to Claire of all people. He slumped down against the car again and looked at the ground to ignore her big blue eyes throwing sympathy glares his way. “He left me—more times than you know. And—and don’t tell anyone I told you this—but I…I was scared. Each goddamn time I’m scared that
“Sure, kid! Go sit in my waiting room.”
Cas jumped into Dean and wrapped his arms around his neck to bring him down for a kiss. This time Dean reacted as he dropped the bags in his hand and wrapped his arms around Cas to kiss him back.
“So you watched this as a kid?” Cas said, mouth full and head tilted as Dean settled on his side of the couch.
"Thanks for doing this by the way." Dean says looking down at his own hands on his lap. "And you know, for being here."
Well, at least he can admit to himself—sort of.
left behind because of him. He was holding his breath when she pulled away to look at him. Her eyebrows were raised in a question that Dean didn’t hear. Didn’t want to hear.
"Yeah, well, I can live without you. I've done it before."  Dean was glaring at Cas who was ready to jump in front of a blade whenever the opportunity came and Dean was tired of it. "It hurt like hell but I did it. I did it again and again but it never hurt any less."
Cas was not the best singer, but Dean enjoyed it nonetheless. He enjoyed seeing Cas close his eyes and belt out the lyrics, even if they were wrong, and enjoy himself.
“You sure you’re okay?” Cas asked as Dean nodded. “I was worried we wouldn’t have woken you up in time.”
“I want to!” Cas quickly leaned into Dean’s space again and he probably didn’t mean to lean in so close but Dean was also not thinking as he met him halfway to press their lips together. It was just a quick kiss before they pulled apart.
Jack followed Sam and Eileen on a holiday trip to Ireland. Of course, Dean had to refuse. Thinking of the long plane ride alone was making him feel sick. Though he insisted Cas should tag along with them - go see the world and all that jazz - he didn’t budge. Insisting he just wants to stay in the bunker.
Cas reached him and took his hands, flipping them over to check him over, before taking his shoulders to meet his eyes.
He hasn’t wanted to talk much about the Empty or any of his nightmares for the past week but Dean didn’t bug him about it. He’ll talk when he’s ready. In the meantime, Dean would do what he can to bring as much comfort to him as he could. Even if it meant sleeping with the light on and humming a familiar song until Cas can fall asleep again.
Charlie meets his eyes and smiles. “Did you already get your order in, sir?”
"Dean this is Gabriel." Short. Longish hair but not as long as Sam's. "Balthazar." He was tall and he had this smirk on his face like he just did something bad but nobody had caught him yet. "And Alfie." Alfie looked young. Like adorable kid kind of young.
“No. I dreamed of perfect. Of the perfect Christmas with Ellen and Bobby being my parents. Jo was my sister. Sam and Gabe were working at some lawfirm, I think. Claire was my,” Dean cleared his throat closing his eyes as he squeezed Cas hand. “Claire was our daughter.”
and Patience play with Jack on the floor while Claire and
“No. No, of course, you didn’t. Cause if you did, then you wouldn’t have-” She bit her cheek as tears started to fall. She stood tall, presenting as strong, as her expression harden.“You left
“Thanks.” Dean waited by the counter as he kept reliving that moment of seeing that coat walk past him. Swearing he saw him come in here but there was nobody. Was he really losing his mind over him again?
“Yours too! But you don’t take a nap two times a day. You still get up and do things. You try and-and I’ve been so fucking…useless.”
Dean laughed and it always felt like he was floating when it was Cas who made him laugh. Yeah, he can live like this. If he can have these mornings everyday then he can live with Cas as his friend.
And Jim followed Dean inside the hotel as they shared small talk and Jim informs him that Cas is already inside along with a few other couples.
liked to say, she was dealing with feelings the Dean Winchester way. Of course, he’ll argue it wasn’t true, but he knows he won’t win that one.
Dean looked around the large master bedroom and went through drawers, the closet, under the bed, and even inside the awesome master bathroom. He saw pictures of himself and...Cas? But it didn’t make sense. He looked through a box of pictures that he found in the closet and saw Cas, Claire, Sam, and himself mostly. He sees Balthazar and Gabriel in a few of them with what seems to be a younger Cas. And then even sees Bobby, Jo, and Ellen in them with some younger Dean and Sam.
"Fuck off, Jess." Dean said as she grinned proud of herself.
Cas laughs before nodding. “You still half asleep?”
"Then what is it? Cause it sure as hell didn't look like you were putting up much of a fightback there! You're lucky I even got to you on time or you'll be-" Dean didn't finish his sentence as he swallowed the word back down. "Maybe this hunt was a bad idea."
He waited for a minute before he decided to wake up Dean. "Dean." He whispers as he shook Dean's shoulder gently.
In the morning Cas woke up much warmer than he was used to and maybe it was because of the warm body that was wrapped around him. He didn't know if he should wake Dean up or even move so he laid there and closed his eyes enjoying the unfamiliar warmth.
"Jerk!"
And now they are here on his wedding day.
Jack’s screams will haunt them till the day they die.
. He trusted me, and I—How can I do the same shit my dad did to me?! I made him into a tool for revenge.”
Cas was told he will be waiting on the aisle and it took a bit of time to calm him down from his small panic attack but as soon as he checked himself in the mirror again, and the cameraman said he looks good, he went to the room where the wedding should be happening.
had been dealing with the silent treatment from the killer Barbie. She only replied with the thumbs-up emoji, and when
“Come on. I wanna take you somewhere else.”
“Well, your wish is my command.” Gabriel loudly clapped, and Cas shushes at him for being loud. “Relax, Cassie, everyone in this place is on pause. Right?”
but I’m not. Not in my head.”
Dean couldn’t think of any words but luckily his body reacted before anything else and Dean found himself pushing Cas back into bed and kissing the ever-loving fuck out of him.
“Staring you off easy, Doc.”
When Dean parked outside the familiar food truck, he squeezed Cas’s hand once before they got out. They walked together, bumping shoulders while their hands stayed buried in their pockets. Cas didn’t question their lack of touch; instead, he smiled up at Dean as he listened to him rave about his friend Victor’s food.
A wave of 'hello's and hi's happened and Cas smiled at them. He wanted to ask them a lot of questions, and by the look on their faces so did they, but then the familiar song started to play so Cas stood taller and waited for those doors to open and show him who he was to be wed with.
“Hey.” Dean stands up but crouches until he catches those glassy blue eyes that were still looking too far away for Dean’s liking. “Cas, look at me.”
“Fuck you, Dean.” He managed to say before he falls to the gravel floor he hates so much.
He was already
“Don’t rip my shirts but you can take it off whenever you like.” Cas brushed his lips against Dean’s own. His hot breath made Dean feel a little dizzy.
Cas is probably too smart for him too.
“Peachy.”
“I did?” Cas looked down at his presents before looking back at Dean with wide eyes. “Date night?”
"Try me."
Castiel was moving on with his life. He is engaged to a man who loves him and has a semi-relationship with his family. Then his father dies and Cas has to go back to his hometown. It's fine. It's not like he would bump into the man he loved on his first day back and realize that - oh shit! He still loves him! Now what?
Sam had called to wish him luck and Dean visited his Mom's grave this morning, spent an hour talking to his mom about how he was worried about today's meeting.
The kid looks around the room before his eyes land on Dean, and Jack frowns. “I think Dad is missing.”
Dean grimaces because she was right. He can’t talk about a lot of things with his brother or Cas, for that matter.
“Is your hand cramping up?” Cas takes the hand Dean just stretched out to him and started messaging it gently with both of his hands. “You keep stretching it. I’m sorry I can’t heal it, but maybe I can continue doing this? I don’t even know if it’s doing anything but-”
Go and do what? He still doesn’t know, but he didn’t want to do this anymore. He just wanted to sleep. He wanted to climb into a bed and sleep. Just the idea of it was making him cry.
“I’ll wake you when we get some news.” Dean patted the seat next to him again. “Come on. I can’t have both of you pass out on me.”
Then, when Dean was caught staring from the doorway, Cas had thrown the pillow at him as if it was a weapon before sighing in relief to see it was only Dean. Dean closed the bedroom door behind him and walked across the room to get his boyfriend in his arms.
Cas looked down at the ground but didn’t pull away from Dean’s grip. He sighed when Dean didn’t respond but instead waited for Cas to continue.
“Dean?” Cas blinked a couple more times before his eyes widened. Finally seeing Dean clearly. “Dean.”
Then Dean is pushing out of the car, not bothering to check the damage done, and pounds towards road.
Dean just turns Cas’s response in to a joke, and Sam plays along with it. Thankfully. But then Cas mentions how he reckons they’ll make great teachers, and that’s got to take the fucking cake, because Dean’s not gonna lie, his mind spends a lot of time rolling in the gutter, and he automatically thinks about teaching Cas about sex. Which is something he’s thought about a lot, actually. He feels his expression shift to something resembling discomfort, but he’s not gonna go there. It’s too late now. Dean has stood up to Lucifer and damned himself to an eternity in Hell and carved out a place for himself in Purgatory, a land with no laws, but he can’t tell a fucking ex Angel of the Lord that he’s in love with him. He’s a coward, pure and simple, because although he can finally admit to himself that he has feelings, he can’t deal with the thought of getting even more emotionally invested in something only to lose it. Again. Too bad it’s already too late.
“That’s not unusual,” Dean says stiffly.
"Okay," Cas says. He stows it in the duffle Dean presented him with earlier, which is filled with what Dean calls ‘toiletries’ and a bunch of Dean’s old clothes, as well as some dried food and a bladder of water.
“Yes, Dean; I inserted the angel tablet inside my lower abdomen between the lining of my intestine and –“
Cas purses his lips and tilts his head, eying Dean with curiosity again, as he so often does. “Yes. I’ve studied and lived abroad, and I speak five languages.”
“Let’s go ice this motherfucker,” he says with all the composure he doesn’t feel as he steps forward in to the verdant undergrowth.
“Sometimes I think we lose the small parts to the bigger picture,” Cas mumbles between kisses.
“Okay?” Cas says as he pulls his gaze from Dean’s, eyes sweeping the room. The spell cast between them breaks in to tiny, irreparable fragments as Dean pulls his hands from Cas’s legs. “I’ll live. I don’t know about this comforter, though. Is this your room?”
Dean kicks his shoes off and lies on the bed beside Cas, feeling the angel’s warmth bleed in to his side. Cas has always burned hotter than a human.
Dean just needs to solve the fucking thing.
“What?”
Dean shrugs. “An angel, apparently.” He pauses and regards the body again. “He’s not... a killer though.”
Dean, on the other hand, doesn’t do well at being watched.
"Get us home, Sammy, quickly," Dean says, shifting until he's pressed up against Cas's side. Cas is clearly unconscious now, reminding Dean of a broken bird as his coattails fan out over the seat.
“Dean, give it a rest,” Sam says after Dean’s called him for a third time. “You’ve got other cases. Go home and - I don’t know - read a book or something. Do whatever it is you do.”
Something throbs painfully in Dean’s lower abdomen.
His only saving grace - between yelling at the corkboard, conversations with Sam, and shifts downtown - is that Cas comes over occasionally, when they both have time off work, under the pretense of enquiring about Dean’s general progress. Mostly they just chew the fat, though, but Dean’s okay with that; they don’t talk about the war or failed marriages or either of their pasts, just Cas’ patients and Dean’s friends and the happenings at Central. It’s nice. Sometimes he even manages to convince Cas to join him down at the Silver Spoon, and those are his favourite sort of evenings. There’s something about the way the light from the candles there plays across the planes of Cas’ face, the way that it catches in his eyes, the way that Cas’ voice sounds even more like smoke and whiskey over gravel and broken class after a couple of beers, that has Dean entertaining thoughts of Cas in the shower.
– to be needed. Travelling around the country, roving like Dean and Sal in
Bingo, Dean thinks. Bitter slighted woman hexed her cheating fiancé and is still so angry that she’s killed another three happy couples.
He tries to school his face in to something neutral as he walks away from the scene. Cas definitely isn’t guilty - Dean knows this like he knows all the words to
“What’ve we got, Bobby?” Dean begins, looking eagerly across at the Captain. “Give us the straight dope. Tell me it’s something big.”
“Well, this is fun,” Cas says. He’s definitely being sarcastic this time.
“You don’t need to do this, Araziel,” Cas says, voice breaking into splinters over the other angel’s name.
Memories of Okinawa come flooding back, all-too familiar imagery and sensory overload; the stench of blood like rust clinging to every breath, choking on dust, screams that echo long after death, the sounds of bullets tearing through muscle and breaking bone. He’s back on that battlefield, dodging enemy attacks, being approached from the north by hostile troops. Swinging around to face the enemy and aiming his rifle.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas stands and stretches, pushing the chair away from the bed, and tilts his head at Dean. "Your call, Lieutenant."
Cas turns the full force of his cerulean gaze back on Dean, heavy with implication. Dean looks irritated. Cas reaches out as if to touch Dean’s shoulder, arm suspended in the air halfway like an unanswered question, and Dean flinches away. Cas’s hand drops back to his lap, a conflicted look playing across his strong features. “I’m sorry about the pie. I’m still sorry for… everything.”
“We learned that they were well liked and kept to themselves,” Dean recites, “and I suppose the biscuits were pretty awesome. Guess we’re off to find Novak next.”
“Oh my god, I get your shirt now. You’re the dude Cas was telling me about.”
Charlie grins. “So you’re the informant I’ve heard a lot about.”
Cas has been a grumpy little shit since he came to the bunker. He’s borderline unpleasant in the mornings until he’s had a coffee or three (black like Dean takes his, no sugar), he hogs all the blankets, invades Dean’s personal space with his octopus limbs on the nights he does attempt sleep, and is downright demanding in when it comes to attention. He refuses to do the dishes or the laundry, doesn’t want to help care for Sam, won’t eat anything that isn’t a sandwich or a burger, and follows Dean around like a little lost puppy when they don’t have a case. So far Dean’s tried to send him to the supermarket for groceries, but all Cas returned with was a six-pack of beer, more coffee beans and the wrong sort of potatoes. He’s every bit the worst kind of child.
“What is there to talk about?”
“Yes,” Cas says, and he unceremoniously drops to the couch. “But that’s not what I…” He huffs irately and pulls the object from under his sleeve - it’s Sam’s iPod. “This was Sam’s idea, actually. He said he saw something you wrote, so.”
Benny doesn’t say anything. Dean stops staring at her picture -
“My father always wanted my brothers and I to be soldiers,” Cas’d replied thoughtfully after a beat. He’d taken another mouthful, didn’t react to the awful flavor, and finished it before he’d continued. “I tried to buck the trend by getting a medical degree, but clearly I inevitably wound up here anyway. Drafted, in the end.”
“D’you know what we’ve got?” he asks his partner as they wait outside Captain Singer’s door. Benny shrugs.
“Well if it isn’t my favourite employee,” Crowley says, nodding in Dean’s direction. He turns to Charlie. “… And his sidekick.”
Well.
“Good.” Dean presses the word against the skin of Cas’s neck and begins to undo Cas’s belt.
If Dean thought exploring the other rooms was weird, it’s nothing compared to seeing Cas’s bedroom. There are nearly ordered suits in the wardrobe. The double bed is neatly made up with a purple floral-patterned bedspread – tight hospital corners – and a lace curtain dangles in the window, but there are few personal effects, save for a bunch of flowers on the dresser, a bookshelf stacked with medical books and fiction, and a record player by the bed. Dean spends as little time in there as he can, feeling even more like he’s violating someone’s personal space, life a thief.
“No, it’s not. Don’t you understand, Dean? I had to work with Lucifer. You could have been killed – Daphne was. And if I hadn’t had you on my case, I’d be in jail right now.” He closes his eyes and breathes. “We apprehended Lucifer and his gang. I didn’t mean for you to get involved, but I needed to drug you so Lucifer would trust me and we could reach his hideout. The clues he left were just some sick puzzle, including Betty Cowan's death. I’m sorry I had to use you like that. I was hoping you’d escape before things got heated, but as it turned out, you saved my life. Michael was even talking about promoting you.”
hands too tight on his hips;
“I’m with you, as long as it’s the early stuff. Can’t beat Seasons 1-5.” Damn, hot and good taste. The dude’s too good to be true, Dean thinks. There’s gotta be a catch. He tries to stop himself from thinking about sitting on the couch with Cas with a beer in hand as Dr. Sexy plays on the screen behind them, but it doesn’t matter, anyway, as they’re hardly paying attention… he wonders how that quiet intensity Cas has would translate to sex.
After sending a wink in Charlie’s direction, she wanders off, hips swaying, perfect golden hair bouncing against those elegant shoulders, and Dean swears he hears Charlie sigh wistfully.
He should never have given the damn fallen angel one of his fucking flannels.
"I’m not gonna get rid of you, am I?" Dean mumbles irritably when the red numbers on the clock beside his bed indicate that fifteen minutes have passed. "C’mon, then. I’m not having you ‘watch over’ me all night, or whatever."
“Before you embarrass me again, you mean.”
“Um,” Dean says, mouth opening in a small ‘o’. He feels his pulse rise.
There's only one thing Dean truly wants for Christmas (besides the obvious stuff).
As soon as they reach the bunker, Dean carries Castiel through to his room.
Dean hates hearing Cas sound so dejected. This is the guy who deserves the silver medallion; the guy who can disable an enemy target in seconds and save a person’s life with the same pair of nimble hands; the guy who fucking threw himself directly in the line of fire to
The guy was a badass for sure, but social obliviousness and loyalty to the point of recklessness were always more Cas’s style than overconfidence (the closest he ever got to the latter was possibly hubris, in the Greek tragedy sense of the word, at least). Dean doesn’t say anything, though. Sometimes it’s best to shut up.
“The caramel,” he and Cas both answer in unison. They glance at each other in surprise, faces splitting in to matching smiles.
“Loved it. And that’d be great, thanks! Although you don’t have wedding pie instead, do you?” Dean shifts his legs, trying to pretend that he’s not developing a massive hard-on in the middle of a wedding cake shop with his best friend draped over him.
Feds? Dean thought there was a gangster squad for cleaning up crime in LA. What do the feds want?
The moment stretches taught between them. It’s fragile and achingly real as they stare at each other, worried that it will shatter if they move, because there’s always that pause, that suspension in time when a decision can teeter either way - the consequences splintering and stretching like lines from a well rehearsed play - before command is lost to impulse.
This is way more physical intimacy than he’s comfortable with Cas, and he’s being reminded of all the fantasies he’s been trying to forget over the past few months. This is torture.
title taken from the Bon Iver song of the same name (idk why i chose it particularly; i like the song and it could be applicable).
So that’s how he ends up kissing Cas’s stubbly, flushed cheek for the first time in the middle of a cake shop in lower Manhattan. Little does he know that there are many better kisses to come.
Searching Cas’s house makes Dean super uncomfortable, but he does it anyway, because that’s his job, and if he had a problem in the first place, he should have relinquished the case to someone more suitable.
Later that morning, Sam walks in to the main room to find a freshly baked pie sitting on the table.
Dean’s alone when he’s attacked again. Twice in as many months when he’s off duty has got to be some kind of record.
For having lost but once your prime,
Cas just glares at him and huffs. "Not the same thing, Dean."
Perhaps
Dean chuckles, canting his hips to the side. “Concentrate. We’re gonna do this right, and you’re gonna make this shot.” He makes sure Cas is looking down the barrel, bracing his arm to take most of the impact, and he squeezes the trigger.
Dean starts talking about Christmas in October, and no matter how much it drives him nuts, Sam doesn’t have the heart to shut him up.
Dean has one up on him, though, and sticks the keys in the lock, unlocking the door and pulling it open in one swift movement. Cas tumbles out in the grass, having had his body weight pushed up against interior panels of the car. Dean hauls his surly ass up and pushes him around the car, bundling him in to the driver’s seat. Cas glares at him as Dean pushes the keys in to his hands.
Dean nods, a muscle flexing in his jaw. “Yeah. I’ll find the nearest police box and call Records and ID so the coroner can check the body.”
Sam makes some sort of snipe, but Dean honestly doesn’t hear anything above the angry buzzing noise inside his skull. Cas inclines his head slightly, confused, clearly unable to understand whatever feeling Dean is currently projecting. Dean realises this could go either way; he could befuddle Cas further by acting possessive, by getting angry at Cas for something he doesn’t understand, or he could pretend that everything’s okay. That the thought of another person’s hands all over Cas’s body doesn’t make him want to throw up.
This year, however, he’s busy in the bunker kitchen on Christmas Eve, glazing the ham and boiling the pudding with Cas, Sam, and Kevin crowded around the kitchen table as they discuss other religious ceremonies. Dean feels a surge of warmth as he looks at them, his family, familiar and warm in their shared space. Garth and Charlie are coming for food tomorrow, too. Sheriff Mills was also invited, but she politely declined, stating that this was one of the busiest times of year for her. Cas volunteered to come early in order to ‘help’, but all he’s done so far is drink too much eggnog and get frustrated over the ‘meaning’ of Christmas.
like a bird with damaged wings. A racehorse with a lame leg. Most days he can barely look at his own reflection himself (it’s no longer Jimmy’s face, with the scars and age lines and empty, hollow eyes). Sex and substance abuse are the only things that make life bearable. He knows Dean begrudges him that, too – the ease in which he shirks his duties, choosing escapism over functionality. The only time Cas isn’t high or drunk is when he’s fucking Dean. Cas sees these nights as a way to be physically close to Dean, a way to pretend that one-day, everything might be all right. Dean sees these nights almost like a business arrangement, a duty. Something to use to forget, not pretend. A reprieve from feeling.
‘I know,” Dean says quietly. “I’m sorry.”
He pulls his body up again, trying to get comfortable, moving until his back is pressed against a crate.
He’s misread the map for the fifth time and stumbled for the eighth before Cas is pulling the paper from Dean’s hands and squinting at it himself.
Waking in a hospital bed appears to becoming a theme in Dean’s life. It’s he’s second time in as many years.
It's definitely Cas. He can see the unkempt hair, blood smeared across that familiar, dirty tattered trench coat. Shock settles against his bones as he falls to the ground next to the crumpled body.
“That was a waste of fuckin’ time,” Benny says half an hour later, easing himself in to the passenger seat of Dean’s 1937 Chevy Master Deluxe (outfitted with a police radio, because he’s not going to let his baby rust in his drive while he drives a squad car around LA, thank you very much). The witness – an elderly woman who’d talked more about local town gossip than what she’d seen that morning – had told them very little. She’d reminded Dean of one of those little old ladies from a Raymond Chandler novel that stuck their noses where they shouldn’t be.
“Go for it,” Dean says once he’s standing safely beside the ex-angel. Cas shoots. He clearly isn’t expecting the recoil; his arm twitches back and the shot goes wide, bullet burying itself in the grass a good ten yards away from it’s intended mark.
Dean and Cas play fake fiancés for a case.
“I was as hollow and empty as the spaces between stars.”
Starting with the skin behind Cas’ ear, Dean licks and presses kisses to the dip of skin between Cas’ neck and shoulder; the soft hollow of his clavicle; the smooth undulation of his pectoral. He’s flushed red and lovely like this, rosy hues against honeyed skin. The bedside lamp casts a halo behind his head, hair smudging like charcoal into the light, the electric blue of his eyes glinting.
“I acquired a taste for coffee whilst on the run. Black, like you usually take yours.” Cas takes a tentative sip. His lips twist in to a tiny smile as he looks across at Dean. “This is good.” He pauses. “I’m not sure what to do now, though. I have so much to tell you, Dean. And…”
“Claire!” Cas says forcefully. “Enough.”
As per usual, posted to Tumblr first. Title taken from the Brand New song of the same name.
Dean’s managed to stop most of the bleeding by tearing his undershirt in to long ribbons, which he proceeds to pack the wound with to stem the bleeding. The rest he wraps gingerly around Castiel’s abdomen. Sam watches in the review mirror, brow tight with concern.
There’s movement at the edge of his vision. A figure steps in to his line of sight. It reaches out and touches him, gently - too gently for him to be in prison - sweeping across his brow. Maybe this is Heaven; maybe Heaven smells like stale air and death and this is an angel coming to collect his soul.
Benny gets it, at least.
Why the fuck does bad shit have to happen to good guys like Cas?
He’s ambling back to his car after walking Charlie to her own, whistling the melody to
"Please tell me," Dean murmurs when Castiel pauses again. "I want to give you something. Anything. You've given me so much, Cas. What I want is to thank you."
Three minutes later, he is escorted off-campus by two burley security guards who mutter something inaudible about ‘drugs these days’.
For all Cas's bravado, Dean knows that he's seriously injured. Cas's eyes are glassy and the front of his suit is wet with crimson blood. His breathing is shallow, too, as if each breath is agonising.
“So Michael isn’t secretly a fed?”
“What?” Dean exclaims, and Cas sighs.
“Jesus
Cas moves to rest one hand on the small of Dean’s back and presses back in to the embrace. “It’s okay, Dean. I understand.” He doesn’t, really. He’s realised these past few days how little he actually understands, but for now, he can be strong for Dean.
“What?” Dean demands, voice husky with scarcely concealed emotion. He still won’t look at Cas.
Dean tells Cas these things as they’re lying on his bed. The angel is curled up against Dean’s side, head on resting his chest. Cas is recalling his conversation with Naomi, voice smoke and gravel as it rises and falls with the melody of his words, lips pressed to the sensitive part of Dean’s neck. Dean’s fingers card through the wisps of dark chestnut hair that cover Cas’s head as he talks, trying to soothe him.
“Who’s there?” he says, drawing back. “Police. Show yourself.”
“I assume this isn’t a social visit,” Cas says, sitting down on the chair behind his desk. Dean looks away sheepishly.
Silence stretches between Dean and Cas, uncomfortable and grating. Sam was right - the tension hangs so thickly it's almost a miasma clouding above their heads, sticking against every word that is and isn't said. Cas stands by the door, looking dejected; shoulders slumped in that ridiculous coat with his huge baby blues trained on Dean. Dean refuses to look at him; instead he walks to the back of the dungeon and begins to inspect the handcuffs bolted to the wall.
Except, clearly, Sam and Cas are.
Dean enters then, brandishing the file on the case in front of him like a shield, and both Benny and Cas’s heads turn to stare at him expectantly.
“I know you’re awake,” Cas says quietly. Dean opens his eyes. “It’ll be okay. Just give me time.”
“It wasn’t your fault, Winchester,” Cas is saying, voice as guttural as ever - dry from overuse, dirt, and gunpowder - as it drifts towards him. Dean walks resolutely forward, pointedly ignoring everyone. Above the sound of gunfire, he can hear this god-awful noise, like bark being ripped from a tree. It takes a moment for him to realize that the din is coming from his chest.
"No, but the crack is your humanity – your heart - trying to fight its way through. You’re not
Los Angeles is the city of surface glitz and glamor; the place people come when they want to make it big: girls travelling west to the Big Smoke, hoping to score that big Hollywood break; gangsters moving turf from Chicago to ‘unoccupied’ territory; GIs settling with their families in redeveloped suburbs after the war. It’s 1947 and LA is a macabre pantomime of gang warfare, corruption, and crime that plays to the tune of bebop and gunfire. For a post-war veteran trying to assimilate back in to civilian life, a career as a cop is a bit like being back at the warfront, except it’s a concrete jungle, and instead of being shot at by Japs, the men behind the triggers are an assortment of Mexican and North American crims fighting a much less glorified battle. Dean tries to find the parallels, because without them he’s just an honorable discharge trying to reestablish his place in suburbia. His osense of identity was shattered the day he left for the Pacific.
Dean wants to say something, anything, but his throat seizes and all he manages is a sort of chocked half-wheeze. Cas rubs at the place where the ties are cutting in to Dean’s wrist.
The car breaks through a fence and jerks to a stop a good few yards from the edge of the road.
"So your children live in New York too?" Dean asks casually. People always love talking about their kids, though, so he’s not too worried.
– Dean Winchester is a man of action, desperate for constant motion. Whether that means having the familiar scent of leather and gentle rumble from his baby’s engine lulling him into slumber, or the puzzle of a case rolling restlessly through his thoughts as he tries to fall into sleep’s uneasy embrace, Dean doesn’t mind. But lying on a lumpy motel mattress in the middle of upstate New York without a case is far from Dean’s ideal; it makes him feel as if his mind is stagnating.
Inspired by an interview with Misha Collins (which I can no longer find. When I do, I'll link it).
“Why shouldn’t you forgive yourself, Dean? Surely you’re not beyond redemption,” Cas says quietly. He pauses, as if choosing his next words carefully. “Sometimes, when people have inaccurate perceptions of themselves, others wish that they could show the person how they’re actually perceived in the world. How much they’re actually loved. Similarly, I wish I could show you your soul.”
He’s back on Okinawa, breathing in displaced earth and Ocean air, crunching over rock and bone and debris. Smoke and dust are curling in to a haze around him and his few remaining squadmates as they move to find shelter for the evening.
“I hear you.” Cas’s grin stretches even wider and Dean feels something break inside him at the site of the angel stretched out on his bed, a cup in hand, looking like he belongs somewhere, finally.
"You."
Dean will not turn this in to some sort of
“you begin saving the world by saving one man at a time; everything else is grandiose romanticism or politics.”
birthday. Idea sort of stolen from the movie 'The Accidental Husband'
“Do you want to get married, Dean?” Suddenly Cas is all up in Dean’s personal space, intensely studying his expression, the scrutinizing effect somewhat marred by the fact there’s something woollen pricking Dean’s arm.
You haven’t seen him in three weeks, and it hurts. It’s become less of an emotional thing and more of a physical manifestation; your throat closes a little bit, sometimes, in response to the dull throb under your ribs that makes it hard to breathe; your skin itches with the need to be close to him; sometimes, everything just feels not enough, a sensation you can’t really explain with words.
“Dean, please,” Dean says, offering a pained half-smile. “We’re friends.”
“Thank you,” Cas whispers against the shell of Dean’s ear. “You’re my family now. You make me want to be better.” There’s a pause; Dean whimpers. Cas mouths at the bolt of Dean’s jaw before he pulls away and regards Dean very carefully. “Can we have burgers again for dinner?”
Dean asks around the station, and even calls Sam, before he starts to doubt that this is a poem at all. Maybe he’s imagining having read this before. Maybe it’s not a clue. Maybe it’s just some sick joke the killer’s playing. A game, like Bobby suggested.
Cas is silent and pliant under Dean’s hands, shuddering as Dean runs his palms against the smooth skin of Cas’s stomach. He divests him of his too-white dress shirt and crooked tie and proceeds to suck bruises against Cas’s collarbone.
“Don’t blame me.”
Dean gives Cas one of his old, faded flannels and it’s way more distracting than he could ever have imagined
“Yeah, I guess,” she replies.
Dean can’t help himself – he laughs. He laughs so hard he almost slips off the sink. It’s been years since he’s been this hysterical – at least before the war – and he relaxes in to it, stopping only when his stomach aches and tears are streaming down his cheeks. Cas look bewildered, still clutching the tape and a pair of scissors, but he’s grinning.
Leviathan materialise; Dean lunges forward and sinks the blade in to the first one he can reach.
“You could say that,” he throws over his shoulder as he approaches his desk and picks up the receiver.
"See you back at the bunker when you're done?"
He cries out in agony before the world dissolves around him for the second time that day.
(He wonders if, perhaps, he’s actually dreaming. Maybe he never left the hotel room at all).
Inspired by the new promo, but really by this gifset (
Benny leans forward. “Do you have anyone who can confirm your whereabouts? An alibi?”
Dean opens in a small ‘O’. “I just find the concept of marriage stupid,” he says. “If you really love each other, why do you need to prove it to anyone? Why care?”
“I’m sorry, Castiel,” she says, looking up at him. “You know we do. We’ve been looking for months.”  Pulling an angel blade from nowhere, Araziel takes another step forward. “Seize them.”
“Nah,” Dean replies, rubbing the back of his neck. “That’ll be through tomorrow morning. At least they haven’t taken Cas in for questioning yet. That’ll probably happen tomorrow, too.”
And Dean wants to hug her, to press her against his chest and breathe her in, because even though she stinks like other men and stale booze and cigarette smoke, even though their marriage is over and they live in different houses, she’s alive. She’s alive and she’s still his best friend, despite all the shit he’s been though, and he needs to remind her more often, because Ben, Sammy and her are the only family he’s still got.
“When I asked for help, Dean,” Cas grumbles above him, “This was not what I had in mind.”
Dean finishes removing the top half of Cas’s clothing, unsure whether or not he should remove Cas’s dress pants. Metatron and Kevin will be here, soon; they’re flying in. Dean refused a ‘lift’, of course, and Sam was too stubborn to travel separately from Dean, despite his quickly deteriorating condition.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Uh, sure,” Dean says, and Cas appears so serious, so uncomfortable, that Dean can’t deny him. He drains his glass and stands up. “How’d you get in?”
His eyes snap to Michael, who’s standing beside Cas and opposite Lucifer, his own gun raised.
“Yeah,” Dean mumbles, suddenly reluctant. He steps forward and leans over the body.
Dean glances around. No one else seems to be paying attention to their exchange, which Dean’s pretty grateful for, so he looks back down at Cas. He swallows hard. “Uh, yeah, there was…”
For a heart-stopping moment, he doesn’t realise where he is. Adrenaline floods his system in agonising pulses and he bolts upright, years of conditioned fight-or-flight response and PTSD kicking in, the world smeared by sleep and cast to charcoals and greys by the moonlight that seeps in through the window beside the bed. Nauseating panic rolls across his stomach, senses hyper-alert. Reality slowly slides back to place as he grasps for proper consciousness, familiar surroundings becoming clear, his heart rate slowing to a dull throb.
“And right now, folks, we have a popular classic for you: ‘All I Want For Christmas’ by Mariah Carey. Enjoy.”
“You were shot,” Cas is murmuring, “straight through to your deltoid. You’re gonna –“
Dean thinks Cas may have fallen asleep, but he says, “We have so much to make up for.” Cas shifts slightly and hums in response; Dean feels it through Cas’ bones.
“Oh, I think I might.”
“I’ll make you a deal,” Cas breathes in his ear. “I’ll drive you back to the bunker, and will listen to all your all wise instruction, as long as you allow us to copulate in the front seat of your car.”
It’s a Friday morning sometime in late September when the case crosses Dean’s desk. The dry desert winds have started curling in from Santa Ana as the days shrink away from summer, and it’s been a pretty slow couple of months in Homicide, truth be told; the hunt for the ‘Werewolf’ killer reached a stalemate in June as the media’s attention trickled away from Elizabeth Short and her legacy as the Black Dahlia, and there have been no leads on the Jeannie French’s murderer - or, as they’ve come to be known, the Lipstick Killer. Gang-related crimes are on the up and up, of course, particularly after Bugsy Siegel’s death, but all that’s mostly Vice’s kettle of fish. So when Benny approaches Dean’s desk and tells him that they’re required in the captain’s office, Dean’s pretty damn edgy. Even a domestic homicide beats patrol.
“I can’t do nothin’, though, Cas,” Dean replies, twisting his fingers through the phone’s wire, playing with the loops. “I was just gonna go and stake the place out, you know? Buy a beer, listen to-”
Cas grins, tinged pink from the cold, mouth stained black from the wine. He looks gorgeous. “Sorry. You just have no idea how long I’ve wanted to do that.”
Dean just manages to shake his head in response.
Well. Dean knows who’s had this upper hand this morning.
Castiel could state the chemical equation for the reaction occurring in his brain right now, draw his feelings back to the safety of science, but he knows it wouldn't change anything. Not now.
Benny grunts in affirmation and turns the radio up.
“At least you’re thorough,” Cas bites back dryly, and Dean’s not sure which side he should be supporting in that moment, because although he’s a cop and should be supporting Benny’s interrogation, he can’t help but feel a surge of affection for Cas.
“I dunno who else’s it would be. You look stupid in that hat, by the way.” And she does. It clashes terribly with her red hair. But Charlie just laughs and tugs at Dean’s devil horns.
Dean reads.
“They don’t sleep together,” Benny says, opening a cupboard door. “Separate rooms.”
“Shouldn’t we talk about this first, though?” Dean reluctantly eases his hands out of Cas’s pants and presses them again his chest instead, pushing him away just a little. Cas huffs.
Dean just grins and pops a spoonful of pie in to his mouth. “Best damn pie I’ve ever cooked,” he says around a mouthful of apple and pastry. “And definitely the best goddamn apology pie I’ve eaten. Wouldn’t you agree, Cas?”
“It’s an LWS .32,” he says, watching Castiel pull the pistol from its box. Cas is sitting under the tree, red Santa hat half pulled over his messy hair, carefully contemplating each present he’s given. The gun, so far, has caused him the longest pause.
“There’s your problem, then.” Dean gently reaches around Cas and eases his hands out of the bowl.
Dean can’t help but count it as a victory.
His tone implies that it’s the end of the conversation.
“Answer me, damnit!” Dean shouts. He’s so desperate, so fucking desperate, that he’ll let Cas drive the Impala – can’t Cas see that? “Stop being such a fucking asshole.”
Dean frowns, Sam looks concerned, and Charlie’s eyes widen slightly.
“Uh,” Dean says, speechless. A million questions skitter across his mind –
"What do you want, Cas?"
And nearer he’s to setting.
It’s this tacky little bee that wraps around your finger to form a ring in a $2 bin at Wal-Mart, cast in banana yellow and jet black, and it’s quite possibly one of the most god-awful toys Dean has ever seen.
“Ah, that’s my favourite too!” She hands back Dean’s card. “Um, you wouldn’t mind doing one thing for me though, would you?”
Later that evening, well after Cas and Claire have left, Charlie approaches Dean as he’s trying to find another bottle of beer. Or, even better, whiskey. He can walk home; Baby’d be right in the office garage. “Success?” she says, hands on her hips.
It’s perfect.
“… No. It’s unlikely.”
“Maybe something like that, yeah,” Dean says, flushing, feeling ten types of embarrassed but also fifty different sorts or really fucking elated.
Before Dean realises what she’s doing, Charlie has grabbed his wrist and is dragging him over to where Cas is talking to Crowley. Claire is standing to the side, looking bored as she picks at her fingers. Dean notices one of the badges attached to her bag and starts, thinking, before he grins to himself. Well, at least they have something in common.
Dean doesn’t even care any more. “What’s the name of the diner? Good pay?”
“Cas, I know you… um…” Dean begins, and Cas immediately understands that the discussion is going to become a Confrontation About Feelings. If he were still and Angel of the Lord – if he still had wings – he would have been out of here ten heartbeats ago in a flutter of feathers.
Dean interrupts him. "The white carrots are called parsnips, Cas. They're another sort of root vegetable. They're nothin' like carrots. And get dutch cream potatoes; they roast the best."
Dean grins and calls to Sam to 'get the car here asap - keys are still in the ignition'. Sam complies, running back towards the car. Dean makes it to the edge of the road and braces himself against Cas's weight.
Cas clambers in the other side, fingers still wrapped delicately around the red body of the crustacean, which is waving its bound pincers around wildly. He squints across at Dean.
He doesn’t really know what he’s saying, except Cas looks wrecked, hand and hips losing rhythm as Dean talks. He’s pulled his bottom lip into his mouth and rolls it between his teeth, eyes unfixed and unblinking, cheeks flushed deep pink, the color creeping down his neck and across his chest. Dean wants, and wants, and wants. He takes.
Castiel squints back, tilting his head, fumbling with his phone in his pocket. “I’ve, uh, never had occasion.” He looks away uncomfortably.
The first thing that Dean notices is that Cas looks nervous. He’s fiddling with an object that’s caught in the sleeve of his hideous christmas sweater (it’s brown with white reindeers and pink flowers and Dean almost didn’t let him sit at the dinner table when he first saw it) and walking steadily forward.
She smiles innocently. “So you evidently have good taste, you’re hot, and I saw you check out my uncle’s ass earlier, so why aren’t you fucking him yet?”
Cas hesitates. “Retribution is not mine to decide,” he says stiltedly.
The digital clock beside Dean’s bed glares at him as the seconds drip by slowly, pooling into minutes, angry red numbers burned into the dark surrounds. He feels like he’s been lying here for hours, listening to the soft breathing from the bed beside his, Sam slowly drifts off to dreamland. In reality, it’s only been forty-five minutes.
"Damn right he is." Dean shifts the car in to gear and backs out of the carpark. "Castiel, liberator of the lobsters."
“Yes, Detective Winchester,” Garth says nervously. He pulls his hat off his head and begins to fiddle with the black band.
“Yeah, I… you’re right.” Dean grins, clearly pleased that the conversation is over, and rises to his feet. “Sammy’s gonna be a little bitch about it, though. Probably expecting declarations of love, or some shit. He’ll want to have a heart to heart and a cry about it anyway since he’s such a goddamn girl.” He snorts out a laugh. “Breakfast?”
That last point causes Dean pause. “But, Cas, it’s not like we pay taxes. Or that you actually exist as a person on any databases, anyway.”
“It’s um, good to see you,” Dean mumbles, the words I need you building in a slow hum against his ears. Cas doesn’t reply; just blinks slowly. “How did you end up on the road?”
Plus, hey, the coroner won’t be done yet, and Benny’ll be getting edgy and unpleasant like he usually does when waiting, so Dean moves off down the street.
The woman giggles and shakes her head as she walks away.
“You’ll have some bruises tomorrow, though.” Cas purses his lips and reaches for the medical tape. “Can you tell me your name and where you live?”
Dean nods again and hits the record button. “Detectives Dean Winchester and Benny Lafitte interviewing Doctor Castiel Novak on suspicion of the murder of Daphne Novak…”
It doesn't matter how they reached this moment after Castiel's confession; the Empty; Dean’s return to Earth. It only matters that they're here now, in the bunker, in Dean's room. Dean is very much alive, and Cas is achingly human, biting bloodflowers into Dean's neck and grinding down on his erection with no abandon.
Dean decides that it’s perhaps better if he walks in front of Cas from here on out, rather than slightly behind the guy like he has been for the past five miles. They might actually accomplish something.
"Stay safe," Dean says, voice thick with an emotion Cas cannot describe. He nods, smiles, and leaves the Impala, heaving the duffle up on to his shoulder.
. Dean’d be lying if he said that wasn’t the hottest thing he’d ever heard leave the angel’s lips. He’s all for equal opportunity, especially when it involves Cas and fucking in the same context.
He can feel the easy slide of his cock inside the heat of Dean’s ass, Dean’s fingers biting into bone as Cas’ hips stutter forward. The small room smells of sweat and sex, metal and musk, sultry air oppressive and almost too much. Dean is growling Cas’ name with each
“Uh, you know what you’re doing, right?” Dean says, surrendering the olive oil. Cas just rolls his eyes.
Fucking angels.
Then Cas is moving away, lining up their cocks and wrapping his fist around both of them, using his spit for lubrication. “I want to see you,” he says by way of explanation. Dean wraps his own hand around Cas’ in affirmation and they find a steady rhythm together. Soon Dean is open-limbed and panting, his train of thought spilling from his mouth, a litany of
Castiel wakes tangled in his best friend.
“Dean, you - you really don’t need to do this.”
Cas is the first to give in. He eases his hand up Dean’s shirt, scraping blunt nails against his spine, before everything crashes like a wave over them. Cas’s replaces his thumb with his mouth, a rasp of lip on lip, closed mouthed and almost rough. He works his hand in to Dean’s hair, pulls Dean’s head back until it’s at a better angle. Dean lets his knees fall apart, lets Cas push between them until their chests are pressed together and Dean can’t stop the desperate noises that fall from his mouth.
Cas smiles, and it’s one of his real smiles, all bright white teeth and pink lips. “Nothing. You’re going to go back to work, I’m going to finish up here."
“I called her last night to see how she was. I didn’t stop off this morning because I assumed she’d be at work. She’s a teacher.”
A pause. “We slept in the same bed on occasion, if there were no other options.”
“You little shit,” Dean yells. “You fucking little fucker. You knew the entire time, didn’t you? You were leading me on, you massive dick.”
“No,” Garth says. “She lives somewhere up the street, though. I can call in for an address, if you like.”
He’d been stupid. So, so stupid. They’d stumbled across a village Dean thought was abandoned, hadn’t scoped the place out well enough, blundered through when they should have skirted its edges, no regard for the people who once lived there. But Dean was exhausted and desperate to reach camp and thought he was doing his mates a favor.
"I don't mean that," Cas says. "That lobster is a Sebastian. We can't leave it here, so unsuspecting, so alone, for it to just end up as someone's dinner. We have to save it."
The weeks drip past with little fanfare. Dean starts to obsess over Daphne’s death as no further leads appear. There is, however, another murder similar to Daphne’s – the girl’s throat was slit, ligature marks wrapped around her wrists. She was a fifteen year old who’d came to LA to audition for a role in a Hollywood movie, according to her aunt, whom she was meant to be living with, and she’d travelled across the US all the way from Tennessee. Aside from her cause of death, she had no other links or similarities to Daphne, not even in appearance. She’d only spent a couple of nights in the city before she was killed. Her name was Betty Cowan.
. It needs to look like‘breadcrumbs’, according to the recipe, but at the moment it just looks like lumps of yellow in white.”
"I'm gonna pick you up, okay? We can't sit here. Cars might come." Dean pauses, eyes raking over Cas's body, trying to asses for potential damage. "You're okay to be moved, right?"
Cas frowns. “I’m assuming I’m a suspect.”
I’m fifteen years old with the world stretching before me like an uninterrupted argument, life barely tainted by the metallic tang of disappointment (in life, in others, in oneself) that seeps through one’s psyche like blood dripping through veins. His hand pushes roughly down my pants, blindly groping at my pubic hair as I gasp against the palm covering my mouth. I’m up against a wall, t-shirt ripped and half pulled off my skinny frame, pelvis jerking against his body. A raw sob escapes my throat, half pleasure, half pain, and the fingers covering my mouth fist themselves into my hair. “You’re mine, Dean,” he snarls in my ear, and I let him drag my climax out of me in slow, agonising pulses. His hand is covered in me as be pushes me to the floor and thrusts his cock into my mouth. I swallow back the bitter taste of his precum and -
“Cas?” he says as he drifts between the edges of consciousness. He waits for affirmation, waits until Cas shifts his mouth against Dean’s forehead. It’s not even a kiss - mostly a rush of air. The furrows of his brow tingle. “Love you, too.” He presses the words into Cas’ skin, hoping to sear them into flesh and bone, because oh how he loves him.
“What even…” she glances disbelievingly back down at the paper.
“Bad day?” Charlie Bradbury asks as soon as Dean enters the squad room, and Dean chuckles darkly. Charlie works Homicide’s switchboard. She knows everything.
“I’m so sorry, Cas. Call me. Please. As a friend, not as… yeah.” Dean attempts a smile, though he only really makes it to a pained grimace. Cas tries to return it, but it just succeeds in making him look even more miserable, and he clearly realizes it because his lips drop almost immediately. “Thank you, Dean. Truly.”
Ruby.
– Charles Bukowski
"You... should really obey speed limits," he hisses through clenched teeth. Dean laughs in relief, tension easing out of his body with each chuckle.
Nothing but Cas’ sobs and the heavy sound of Dean’s gasping breaths fills the air.
“Woah, you can stop there.” Dean holds up his palms in surrender. “So you like, ate the fucking angel tablet?”
“Fuck.”
“Hey kid, I ain’t no one’s father.”
Ten minutes later, he returns to Cas, two mugs of steaming hot chocolate held in his hands. Cas is staring idly at the ceiling, but tries to prop himself up when Dean enters the room, wincing slightly. The skin around the edges of the wound has turned pinkish in colour, new skin starting to knit already. Dean hands one of the mugs to Cas.
Dean figured Mickey would be the brain behind this. Did Cas really betray his wife to a
“Good work. Did the woman who found the body say much else?” Dean asks.
"I know you like plenty of things - humanity, God, honey and bees, saving unhappy dogs, White Castle cheeseburgers - but I don't know what you want. Liking and wanting are two different things, Cas. Liking something means you appreciate it; wanting something is making it your own."
Dean looks away, glancing up at the collection of weapons he has above his bed. There lies the makeshift axe from Purgatory he can’t part with, despite the fact that its blade is still encrusted with dried blood, because it reminds him of all the important things the place taught him. “I’m not exactly the best person to ask that, Cas.” He sighs. “Look, start with the small things and build up. Pick the smallest thing about yourself you
“That’s terrible,” Cas says.
He waits.
Instead he says, “Yeah, an old war buddy.” and Lisa knows not to ask anything else.
He definitely shouldn’t be on this case. It’s only just begun, and already he’s far too emotionally involved.
One of the other angels steps forward. It’s wearing a female: an attractive woman in her mid-thirties. “Castiel.” She bows her head. “You know why we are here.”
“No,” Cas says, slipping off the counter, and because he’s a demanding little shit, follows that up with: “I’m going to fuck
“I’m not ‘The Man and His Dream’, Cas.” To prove his point, Dean takes the ring and one of Cas’s hands and presses the piece of plastic down Cas’s ring finger. Cas is now standing in the middle of Wal-Mart, draped in multi-coloured sweater vests like a goddamn eighty year old, regarding this little plastic bee on his finger like it’s one of the most amazing things he’s ever seen.
You ain’t able to trust no-one in this town of Angels. From what he’s seen on the streets of LA, Dean often thinks that Los Demonios would be a better name.
When youth and blood are warmer;
“Only you could worry about shit like cleanliness during foreplay, Cas,” Dean laughs against Cas’s skin. Cas frowns and tries to push Dean away.
“Well, there ain’t anythin’ we can do yet, except wait for the coroner and get Novak’s address. Won’t know nothing ‘til then.”
Cas looks awkward, uncomfortable. “Claire, please.”
There is no strong scent of bleach or ammonia in any of the rooms on the first floor, either. No sharp instruments covered in flaking red. Everything’s clear. He moves upstairs to find Benny searching through the bathroom.
