The car went silent. Castiel felt bad that he dwelled on Sam’s gloomy topic of conversation, but it was something he’s mulled over too much in his life to ignore. He decided to try and smooth over the tension in the car. “I do have to agree with Dean on the music, though,” he said. “I have that feeling too. Same with cars, I guess.”
Something shattered within Castiel. He reeled back, shifted his stance, balled his fist, then punched Luke straight in the face.
There were even memories that weren’t associated with his brother at all. He thought of one time when he was 13, when he walked into the kitchen and saw Naomi had slit her wrist with a paring knife. She was sitting on the floor with blood on her dress and the knife still loosely in her hand. There was so much blood, and Castiel had to wrap her arm in a towel while they waited for the ambulance. His mother was singing this strange song, asking for death to spare her.
Two weeks later, on the night of New Year’s Eve, they were all piled in Castiel’s tiny apartment. Castiel and Dean set up chairs by the big window; they moved the piano towards the kitchen. Claire and Kaia sat on the floor in front of the window, waiting eagerly to see if they could even catch a glimpse at the fireworks over the Hudson. Castiel thought it was unlikely, but they may see it small in the distance. Castiel had asked Claire if she wanted to go to Times Square for the New Year’s celebrations, that Dean could prop her up on his shoulders so she could see. But she refused.
Castiel’s eyes widened. “Oh no! No! Of course not. No problem. I just, I…” He felt like his tongue was trying to crawl down his throat. Castiel never stutters, why is he stuttering. He cursed himself.
Jody cut him off by pulling him into a hug as well. “Dean never brings friend’s around!” Jody exclaimed and patted Castiel on the shoulder. “Nice to meet you.”
When he reached the street Charlie told him of, he slowed down his gate, then looked for apartment building 325. There, a couple buildings down from the corner, was the rust colored building, complete with tarp on a fourth story window, flapping in the breeze.
The rest of the night, he got drunker and drunker, until all he saw were hazy green eyes. Dean walked him home, it must have been the middle of the night, and Castiel found himself humming some song. It was a strange left-handed piece by Scriabin. The notes went up and down like he was walking through a maze, and after each turn of the corner, something new was there.
“Everything has,” she sighed, still not facing him. “I had no idea how much you wanted to leave West Point. I feel like I don’t know you at all. You’re- you’re slipping away from me.”
Then, after his grip tightened even more around Dean’s cock, and he pumped him a few more times, his thumb bumping hard against a spot under the head, Dean slackened ever more. He pressed his face closer against Castiel’s, aligning their noses. Castiel surged up and kissed him hard, then Dean came.
Castiel new routine was Campbell’s in the morning, then Charlie’s in the evenings. He woke up early in the morning, made himself toast, and slipped out into the world before the house noticed him. Chuck hadn’t come home the night before, and his mother was still sleeping, and will probably sleep well into the late afternoon.
“Dean…It’s not…I’m not,” Castiel stumbled on his words, not knowing what he wanted to say, but thinking about his severed life from his brother, thinking about the scar he’ll have but that Jimmy won’t have. “I’m not much.”
“Look,” Dean said. “I’m gonna keep this short and simple. You can keep playing here if you want but I ain’t gonna be your friend-”
Dean hummed in response. “I don’t think it’s weird either. I just- with you-” Castiel could tell he was trying to articulate his feelings, but it was almost painful to hear. Dean was uncharacteristically awkward, and it broke that mask he wore of the slick bartender, the cool guy in the center of a flourishing downtown.
“It’s alright,” Dean said. “Hey why don’t I get you a drink to take the edge off and you can tell me all about it.”
Dean kissed him again rough and messy. Then, without hesitation, he found the button to his trousers, and flicked it open with his thumb and index finger. Castiel’s mind went nearly blank, only filled with the sensation of his body tensing then relaxing over and over, not knowing what to do with itself.
Dean nodded. “She’s okay. Her and Kelly came around. Jack and Bel too. Even your friend Missouri. Cas, everyone has been here for you. All our friends; all the people from Sam’s party.”
They got right back to talking. Garth and Charlie chugged their beers which got them both drunk instantly. Castiel walked to the door. He couldn’t help it but stop and turn around. He looked back at the bar. Lisa wrapped herself around Dean’s arm but, to Castiel’s surprise, Dean was watching him. He sipped his beer slowly and Castiel couldn’t help but stare back.
When they arrived in Greenwich, Castiel tried his best to be as gentle as possible. He scooped up Claire in his arms and let her drool on his t-shirt. To his surprise, she stayed asleep, and he felt proud that she felt safe in his arms.
“Later we’re gonna have a massive dinner- burgers and hot dogs and everything,” Dean said, as they saw more people flitting about in sun dresses and slacks.
Castiel thought he’d get the murder over with, so he rubbed his eyes and walked out into the hall, only to be met with Gabriel. His brother had a suitcase in his hands, a black hat on his head, and he was trying to walk quietly to his old bedroom when he caught Castiel’s eyes.
“Yeah, yeah,” Dean said, shaking his hand as a prompt for Andy to begin, his cigarette smoke twirling small circles in the air.
Castiel noted her compliment with a small smile then finished his coffee. He slumped down on the table. “Where should I go then? Ellen, I need money. I cannot, and I mean cannot stay with my parents. Especially my dad. I’m gonna tear my hair out soon enough.”
Many of the guests only lived a couple miles away, so when they all arrived back at the farm, they said their goodbyes. Victor hugged Dean a little too intimately, with a hand sliding down his lower back. Dean pulled away and patted him on the shoulder.
“You bought the, uh, Yamaha upright?” the guy with the heavy Brooklyn accent said. Castiel confirmed. “We got a couple delivery guys comin’ to your apartment now, they should be there any minute.”
Out on the street, a car horn rang out, and Dean and Castiel instantly broke apart. Dean looked down the alleyway, panicked, but there was no one, and the car was out of sight. Dean released a breath, then put the cigarette back between Castiel’s lips.
It was his father, speaking with the two women. They seemed to be bickering about something. When Castiel realized it was Chuck, he walked quicker down the street. It was only when he reached the corner that he looked back and saw all three of them looking directly at him.
“That is correct,” He said simply. “My name is Castiel. I believe my friend Ellen spoke to you about me.”
Castiel didn’t recognize most of the people there besides the girls from Jody’s riding school, and the blonde instructor, who shook his hand and said her name was Donna. The house was crowded with people who seemed so far removed from city folk. They had dirt on their pants and wrinkles in their dresses. A party like this in his parent’s apartment would be decked out with fancy people, fancy dresses and maybe even some caviar.
The man must have noticed his staring, because he gave him a strange look as he prepared another pink drink for a blonde woman behind the counter. Castiel looked away quickly; his eyes sailing down to his drink. He took a sip and made a face. The bartender did make it strong after all. Castiel looked up at the man again. He was already watching him, a hint of a smile on his face, then he winked.
“I wouldn’t want to overstay my welcome,” Castiel said. “Although it is very kind that the girls want me to stay.”
Castiel didn’t respond. He let the silence stretch between them comfortably. The sun was growing softer on them, and it didn’t shine directly in their eyes anymore.
He couldn’t breathe from the cigarette smoke and his tie was way too tight around his neck. He pulled at it, but every time he did, the hotel manager would walk by and give him a death stare.
Dean wasn’t looking at him, probably because Castiel knew his gaze was heavy on him. But he couldn’t look away. He wanted to see all of this, all of Dean. “I care about you too,” he said.
Castiel ignored them and looked to the bar, where people sat and sipped on martinis. No one looked out of place.
Garth had left around one and Dean was muddling around the bar, bringing drinks to people and busing tables. Castiel liked the sounds of the bar: the metallic pinging of a spoon against a cup, Dean’s footsteps in boots, small chit chat, pens scratching against notebooks.
Then, they stayed there, motionless. Castiel felt like he was coming down from the fucking heavens. Dean moved up, shifted himself, and then settled back down in Castiel’s lap. Castiel looked down between them at the tangle of clothes, at his own cock.
“I was wondering if- uh- Jody is having a Fourth of July party. It’s always a fucking riot. She has fireworks and burgers and beer, and she practically invites her whole town. Sam and Jess are gonna be there. And…I’d like it if you and Claire come by. You can stay over and everything. She has a cabin and there’s plenty of room.”
“Hello there! Castiel was it?” Jody said. “It’s nice to see you again. And who’s this?” Castiel picked up Claire so she can see over the fence and she sat on his hip, facing Jody.
He entered the room to see Naomi wrapped in the covers on her bed. “Castiel,” she said. “Oh, I haven’t seen you in months, honey.” She reached out her hand. Castiel came up to her and wrapped it up in both of his.
Dean shifted until his back was pressed to Castiel’s chest and coupled with the warmth and smoothness of Dean’s skin, he drifted off quickly.
The song he had been batting around in his head all night had quieted now, leaving him with a sinister silence that felt too cold, too lonely. He thought of sandy hair, a crooked white-tooth smile, the owner of Campbell’s. He thought of how much sun that tan skin had soaked in, how much sun it would take for that many freckles to pop up. He thought of someone else’s green eyes.
Maybe he could bond with Claire over this. He loved piano and playing it would keep his mind off of things he didn’t want to think about. He could teach her. And, with a few thrifty dinner plans, he did have the money.
He stopped in the first one he remembered from high school. His brother Gabriel used to take him and Jimmy out to see entertainers long before he made it big as a comedian. It was a cafe called The Roadhouse. Castiel was longtime friends with the owner, Ellen. She was like a mother to him and Jimmy. She put up with Gabriel’s shit really well. Jo, her daughter, was around his age. Castiel, Jimmy and Jo used to sit in the corner and drink hot coco while Gabriel attempted to practice his standup to all the random patrons. They must have thought the funniest thing about Gabe was that he was a scrawny little teenager sweating from nerves, wearing a fancy tan suit and a paperboy hat. He remembers laughing till his sides hurt though, when Gabe would look over at him and do his signature wink. Ellen, although she would only admit it if she was drunk, always knew he’d be famous.
Castiel and Amara stood at the fray of the living room, watching the war. Then, Chuck’s eyes wandered to his, and the act was up. The room went silent.
Claire was screaming. And throwing things. And Castiel had no idea what to do. Another week had passed since she moved in. She hasn’t been going to school and she’s been getting incredibly antsy. They had tried to make burgers for lunch, and Castiel thought that it could be a fun bonding activity. But, most of the burger meat fell onto the ground, and now Claire was screaming and running around and speaking incoherently.
But he is a coward, so he tries. As the walls collapse around him, raining plaster and tile, industrial lights sparking, Castiel tries.
Dean groans against the pressure digging into his leg. He hauls Cas closer, desperate to get his hands across Cas’ shoulderblades, kiss the juncture of his jaw, bite his neck. Cas exhales: pulling back long enough to watch Dean’s face as he thumbs open his jeans.
“Then learn better interrogation defense,” Dean retorts. He’s re-salting the line on the windowsill that they disturbed. “And do not— under any circumstances — tell Dad.”
A nurse rushes in. She gives them a look, pushing Castiel out of the bed with the force of her glare alone, and checks Dean’s vitals.
Castiel’s hands, he finds, have divested Dean of the blanket. His hospital gown is rucked up halfway to his shoulders, and his mouth is panting against Castiel’s as he thrusts into Castiel’s hand.
Castiel feels it now: the jagged heartbeat, pounding louder now, out of rhythm. It pulses like a sonic wave against his skull, like a black hole pulling in, or a star exploding.
They both turn. The woman from two washers down — forties, dark haired, a dimple; Dean’s type to a T — stands beside them. An overflowing laundry basket balances precariously on her hip. Dean’s clocks this immediately, and his hands move to steady it.
He was happy that he was thinking with such a clarity of mind for the first time in weeks. He was staring down the barrel of the gun but otherwise focusing on the way the clouds in the sky striped across the blue like they were drawn there by one dash of a pencil.
When he was finished, he dropped his hands to his lap. “That song makes me think of you. Clair de Lune.”
Dean looked at him for a minute, and Castiel looked back with earnest. Dean probably hated the mess that Castiel had just dumped at his feet and resented the way that he showed up unannounced looking for comfort. But Dean’s eyes looked warm and sympathetic. In fact, his eyes were shining a bit from the beginnings of his own tears. In a completely raw act of defiance against whatever socially acceptable way in which men should act together, Dean reached up and wiped Castiel’s tears with his thumbs. Castiel want to collapse into a puddle.
Dean stood and shimmied out from the booth. He stood in front of Castiel then, a couple inches taller, smelling like cologne, leather, and saturated cigarette smoke. His eyes traced over Castiel’s face, but when Castiel met his eyes, they turned cold and distant. Angry.
It all came barreling in at once, and as his grip tightened in Dean’s hair, Dean’s hands went up his thighs, brushed his stomach, then cupped around his waist. Castiel wanted to tell him to pull away, wanted to tell him he was coming to the edge, but he couldn’t get the words out. His was breathing heavy and loud, and then it was there, he was spilling over. He felt himself unconsciously pushing at Dean’s forehead, to get him to pull away, but Dean’s hands moved quickly behind him, one on the small of his back and one on his hip bone. He held him there, his cock in his mouth, as he swallowed him down.
“I’m sorry,” Dean said. “My dad…Fuck, where do I start. World War Two vet, lost his goddamn mind, drinks all day, pukes all night.”
Castiel gritted his teeth. “It is not that simple. I…well, he’s gone. He left to go take care of his dad. It’s…it’s complicated. I was thinking of going to visit him but I-”
Claire dropped her hands to Castiel’s chin then leaned down and whispered into his ear, “I think Dean has a crush on you.”
After an instant, Charlie turned to him again, her expression tense. “What’s going on?” she whispered.
Castiel watched Charlie and Dean fondly as they bantered back and forth. He sat calmly in a chair; his chin rested on his arms crossed in front of him on the table. Every so often, he lifted his head to sip his beer then settled back down.
“Sure,” Castiel said. “My parents don’t want me drinking caffeine after dinner. My mother thinks it’ll give me nightmares.”
“Are you okay?” Castiel muttered into the crook of his neck. He looked up, and their noses collided.
There was a pharmacy down the street just a couple blocks away. He stepped in and went straight to the isle with the pain killers. Castiel knew exactly where they were, as he’d been coming to this pharmacy since he was a kid. He glanced around the store. It was so blue, a baby blue, and so vividly reminded him of his childhood. A song by the Everly Brothers was playing. It was bustling with people; all the rain must be making the people sick. His eyes settled on two men across the store, a tall one with shaggy brown hair and legs that seemed incredibly clumsy trying to choose between two types of cold medicine and the other leafing through magazines. He turned towards the one with the shaggy hair, showing his face to Castiel and-
He started having strange flashbacks, things he thought he’d forgotten about. Jimmy getting separated from him in the subway, the time when Jimmy gave him a drawing of a cat on their first day of second grade, the time when Jimmy broke his arm while sledding and Castiel almost felt like he broke his arm too just watching his brother in pain.
He ran to catch a subway and ended up being the first customer of the day at The Roadhouse. Before he opened the door, he relieved the discomfort around his neck and loosened his tie.
Ellen looked at him and sighed. “Castiel, we don’t have a piano; you know how much those cost? And look at this place,” Ellen held out her arms. Castiel looked around. There was a guy with coffee who looked very hungover as if he’s been out at clubs since 6 pm yesterday and just stumbled in here to come up for air. There was another creep who sipped water slowly in the corner, watching Ellen closely. Castiel saw Ellen glare at him and he quickly looked at the ceiling. “There’s not much going on here.”
so young and I can’t be alive without you. I can’t take care of Claire. I can barely take care of myself.”
Bobby came back with towels. Instinctually, Castiel reached out for one and Bobby draped one into his arms. Dean grabbed one too, and moved the glass from his shirt to the towel bundle.
Castiel didn’t know what to say. He thought he had broken her heart, or at least cracked it a bit. He thought she had a crush on him. He thought his mother inflated her confidence, told her amazing things about him that were simply not true. He had underestimated her.
Elvis album. Bucket of candy Charlie keeps behind the register. Charlie’s “secret” selection of pin ups. A lack of customers due to the sudden rain. “A blissful day,” Charlie said as she bounced around to the music.
“Let me,” he said. Castiel nodded without his brain consenting, even though he wanted to fight Dean more on it.
Castiel began to play the waltz. It was the same song that he played for Dean for the first time, while he was trying to impress him. He wanted to play it, rather needed to, because thinking about Dean made him feel some semblance of happiness. Above anything else, it was a gorgeous song, and Castiel simply liked it.
“Shouldn’t you be congratulating me then? I’m out,” Castiel said, his hands out in front of him as if they were shields.
He reached over and took Claire’s little hand in his, then placed the necklace on her palm. It was his necklace. He could tell because the cross was rose gold, while Jimmy’s was silver.
Castiel looked up at him then. Dean had this dumb, confident smirk of someone that was too stubborn to give up, too stubborn to try and live a peaceful life. Castiel felt angry, but above all, sad. “I won’t,” he said quietly. “I can’t force you to leave.”
,” Castiel said, trying not to swear. “The noise. I’m so sorry. I’ve just been overwhelmed and she’s not- she hasn’t been like this before. I’ll try to calm her down. I’m sorry.”
They stayed that way for a while, lazily kissing wherever they could find skin. Castiel’s lips grazed over Dean’s temple, Dean kissed the crook of his neck. Castiel felt invigorated but so safe under Dean’s weight at the same time. Dean found Castiel’s lips again, and he kissed him soundly. He didn’t know how much time had passed, them just lying there, experimenting and exploring each other’s lips.
“I know for a fact that 36 is 6 if you have 6 of those sixes. My teacher said it’s like muffins,” Claire said.
Castiel thrusted upward as Dean pumped his hand over both of them, then Castiel reached down and wrapped his hand over his, making Dean’s grip even tighter. They both cursed.
“Yeah,” Castiel said. He had noticed just now how the sun had moved down the sky and was now just barely blooming into an amber sunset. Each blade of grass had a hazy shadow. It was going to get chilly soon.
Castiel took a moment to let it sink in. Missouri didn’t have to care for him the way that she did, in fact, no one did. His heart twisted when he looked at her.
A few more songs were played until the band took a break to have their own plates of food. Claire came and sat down next to Castiel to eat. Castiel had to go get her a cushion from Bobby’s house in order for her to reach the table. An entirely different group of adults were sitting with him and Dean now, and they were exchanging pleasant stories about their jobs or summer vacation plans. Several times they complimented Castiel for his daughter being so mature for her age, and when Castiel corrected them and told them she was his niece, no one said a word.
Castiel held out his hand and stepped forward a bit to meet Bobby. Bobby gave him a weighted, judging look, then shook his hand. “Castiel Novak, sir. It is very nice to meet you.”
She was there now, cleaning the counter, chatting calmly with a patron behind the counter who was enjoying a morning coffee. “Well I’ll be damned,” Ellen swore when she saw him and then came around the counter. “Look what the cat dragged in.”
Dean breathed out a laugh and glided towards Bobby’s house with Sam on his heels. As he passed Castiel, he tapped him lightly on the arm with his elbow then nodded towards the house.
He stood there for several long moments, just hearing the sobs, and he noticed afterward that Kelly’s apartment door was left ajar. He took a step, then it was like he couldn’t stop.
Dean watched him with frustration, his nostrils flared, his cigarette now burning up on its own by his side. Eventually, Dean dropped his gaze, and seemed to shrink into himself. He looked at his shoes and kicked at a pebble on the ground.
“Fucking Christ. Your dad wrote those sci-fi books everyone’s obsessed with? Those books are ass,” Dean said, then he caught himself. “Fuck- no offense.”
then lost himself in a long pull of his cigarette. The ember at the end of it brightened for a moment, then subsided.
Dean pouted and nodded his head. Satisfied. “Alright then. I respect it,” he said. “I still think you should borrow my shirt even though you’re all up in arms about it. What? I’m not asking you to prom,” Dean finally said, a playful smile on his lips.
Jo stuck her tongue out at Ellen then left the cafe. Ellen just shook her head disapprovingly. “Back to you,” she said and turned her authoritative eye onto Castiel.
Castiel smiled and instantly obliged. He stood and went to the piano. The familiar sight of it made his chest ache. He hadn’t played here in months, and it killed him.
It almost looked like Dean was ashamed, like he was prodding an old scar, showing it to someone new.
Dean must have been able to tell by Castiel’s face that he needed a drink, just like he could hear it in the way he played earlier.
The tension was maddening, and Dean’s grip on him was tight and hot. Dean’s hand was steady, unrelenting. With the hand on the back of Dean’s neck, Dean reached down and found Dean’s cock. Dean moaned, his voice broken, and he tucked his face into the crook of Castiel’s shoulder. He kissed him there, or bit down lightly when Castiel pumped his hand.
“Call an ambulance.” It must have been Dean’s voice, and it sounded much huskier and more southern now than it ever had. With the cotton in Castiel’s ears, he could tell clearly now, and with conviction, that Dean certainly wasn’t from the city.
Alex and a small group of girls from the riding school were sleeping over. Dean told him that Jody had adopted Alex last year because she had an abusive family. It was a lot to take in, but he saw Alex smile and hug Jody, which made him feel like he and Jody were in the same boat. They were helping kids they loved and picking up the pieces in their lives.
“No need to keep secrets from me,” Castiel said, sarcastically. “You’ve clearly always been the most transparent father to me ever since I was born.”
The room fell silent. Castiel considered what he wanted to say long before he said it. “I know all this. I saw you, you fucking asshole.”
Dean shrugged, but his smile betrayed him “He’s a pain in the ass.” Dean poked him with his elbow, then walked off to go stand with Jody and Donna. He squeezed between them and slung his arms over their shoulders.
“Yeah unless people start rioting in the streets because the US wants to send a ton of soldiers across the world. Remember, they drafted Elvis.
“Run away.” Claire said quietly, and a strange feeling washed through Castiel. It was as if the inevitable had just been triggered, as if a train was coming into the station too quickly and won’t stop for him. He wanted to help Claire, protect her, but how could he do that if she didn’t want any of it?
All the performers looked dejected, but then funneled over to the bar, where Garth was cleaning classes.
“Mm-hmm,” Dean said and looked like a smug son of a bitch as he leaned back on his hand and drew his cigarette up to his mouth. He breathed out through a thin parting of his lips and lifted up an eyebrow.
In the middle of the night, he heard a clattering of dishes in the kitchen. He awoke slowly and sat up only to see a familiar figure working over the sink. His shoulders rolled comfortably, and he stood with a smooth confidence in his body that only came from knowing oneself well. It was Dean, pouring himself a glass of water. He leaned against the counter to sip it slowly. Castiel rubbed his eyes and looked closer. Dean was illuminated only by the moonlight coming through the window above the sink, but Castiel saw he was looking at him.
After dinner, he walked Daphne through the building and to her apartment. She lived three floors below them. They stood in the elevator awkwardly. Donatello did not say a thing.
As Castiel passed them, he overheard their tense conversation, something about a man. They kept saying
He’d have to be buzzed in, and the thought of alerting the Winchester household of his presence at this hour struck so much embarrassment in him that he almost threw up again beside the apartment building. He worked up his courage and rang the bell for Dean’s apartment.
With Claire reluctantly holding his hand, Castiel waiting for Charlie to tell her employee to take over the register, then sidled up right next to Castiel.
“This is,” Castiel began, and felt very wrong. He began to turn around to go back the way he came. “This is ridiculous. I- I didn’t know what I was thinking.”
Castiel stopped and looked at the house before him. It was small and splintered like it had been squeezed down to size. It was narrow, with a section off the side jutting out awkwardly. Castiel supposed it had never been painted, as the dark brown wood choked the house. The color swallowed it in darkness. The windows were dirty, the front steps were crooked. There was a mailbox out front that said
After scouring the shelves, he decided to reread a book by Hemingway. He read it a long time ago, but he didn’t remember why. Maybe it was for school, or because he wanted to know more about war. He sat by the window and read until it was dark outside.
“They were little devils,” the woman said as she walked towards Kelly with her hands on her hips. She had a fond smile on her face despite the comment.
He went straight up to Campbell’s, not stopping for dinner because he knew if he was going to get through this, he’d have to get mind-splittingly drunk as quickly as possible.
Even though Claire had a screwed up disgusted look on her face, Castiel could tell she was delighted.
A comfortable silence passed between them as they relished in the fading of the warmth from the sex.
“It’s my only joy in life and you know it, Red,” Dean said dramatically, then gave Castiel a small, shy look that morphed back into confidence before Castiel could process it.
They entered the house through a side door, then walked down the creaking stairs to the basement. The basement was small, with two full sized beds flush against the plaster walls. Jody had done some decorative work to make it homey, like adding warm-colored curtains over the small windows near the ceiling, matching the bedspreads, and placing a fuzzy carpet on the ground. She had also already put Dean and Castiel’s bags on each bed, respectively.
A whole percussion was behind him. Guitars, base, a drummer, even someone with a maraca. Castiel couldn’t help but smile. The music filled him like helium, and he lifted to the ceiling.
Then, they were in front of the Winchester’s house. It felt like so much time had passed since he rolled into Lawrence and at the same time none had passed at all. Nothing had changed.
Castiel continued. “But I…I can’t tell you what to do. And, you know what, Dean? I wish I could be more selfless, but I don’t care. I don’t care what you think your responsibilities are here, but
Jody and several other people were at the house already, eating a buffet of food that was out on the table. Bobby must have cleaned the kitchen, but the stacks of book in the living room were entirely untouched. A song by Fats Domino was playing on a turntable among all the platters of food.
Castiel tore open the car door and stepped out. He went around the front of the car, and Dean didn’t even notice he was following him until he reached the front door. Dean turned around; his eyes were glazed with the beginnings of tears.
Castiel rolled his eyes and then dropped them back down the keys. He sighed and closed the lid to the piano. “I should go back to Charlie’s,” he said. “My shift isn’t over.”
He looked over at Dean, and his expression was distant. He shoved his hands in his pockets, compressing his body from the cold. He looked so heartbroken, hopeless even. The house cut through the shadows of the night, it’s bright paint like a beacon.
Castiel instantly melted. He bent over, pressed his face into Dean’s hair and moaned as Dean began to pump him in his hand.
“Hey, I’m sorry for blabbing to Sam about all your whole West Point thing. I shouldn’t of- and he, well, he shouldn’t have said-”
“Don’t you fucking say that. You love him, okay? You love him because you’re you and you’re not anyone else.”
They came up to a shiny black car with silver rims and spotless windows like Dean cleans it on a day-to-day basis. Dean patted it on the hood. “Nice, huh? 1952 Chevy Impala. Greatest thing I own.”
Castiel nodded. Daphne swung around and stood beside him, ready to be introduced. “This is Daphne. Daphne, Dean.” he said, gesturing to each of them. Daphne held out her hand for Dean to shake. Dean winked at her. Castiel wished the wink was exclusive, that one had to pay for it.
“We should go to sleep,” Dean said, then he shifted closer again and brushed his nose against his cheek.
The next morning, Castiel nearly escaped the apartment without a scratch. Naomi came and straightened his tie. “Do good today,” she said. Castiel thought she had no idea what she was talking about, which was okay.
. But Sammy likes this stuff and we gotta give him luck tonight. He’s on a date with a pretty girl.”
He shifted on the bed and sat up on it fully now, crisscrossing his legs and mirroring Castiel, their knees touching.
“Me too,” Castiel said quietly, and instantly moved his hands to the fly of Dean’s jeans. He unbuttoned it, and Dean shifted upwards, allowing Castiel to work his jeans and underwear down his thighs.
Castiel ignored him. He stepped forward and held the side of Dean’s face. He could tell Dean wanted to complain, but he eventually gave in, and leaned into his hand. Castiel dabbed Dean’s lip with the wet paper towel. The towel turned pink. Dean winced.
The Winchester household was a rather small one. An Elvis song was bumping loudly through the air and it was certainly bothering all the inhabitants of the entire building. Scuffed up wood floor, wallpaper peeling, water spots on the ceiling, old furniture. The house looked lived in and loved, just like all of Dean’s possessions seemed to be.
Luke was fuming. He got up close into Castiel’s face, and they stood almost nose to nose. “I’m gonna fucking kill you, you know that right?”
Castiel walked towards him, feeling like the conviction he had was not exactly genuine, and that he was faking it, but this faking it would get him far.
Castiel slowly walked through the doorway of the little body shop. It had a small counter, cluttered with old papers and forgotten pencils. Rufus kept a modest ship, but not exactly a tight one. The floor was dusted with dirt, and rust crawled up the windowsills, the door hinges.
The moment his name was released, a crowd of people behind Garth cheered. Apparently, he had a reputation.
“If you feel that way…I can’t combat it.” His mother’s voice was passive and casual like she was telling him about the morning news. It sent a pang to Castiel’s chest.
Castiel played certain parts on a loop, extending the song however he felt like. After more than five or so minutes of him rapidly playing, he realized that Dean had manifested beside him. He stopped playing and looked up at him. The same hip that had been rested against the bar was now resting against the side of the piano. Dean placed a glass of water on the bench next to Cas. “You stressed or something?”
He decided he needed a drink if he wanted to pitch himself to the owner of the bar. Ellen hadn’t mentioned it’s popularity. It was no Swayze’s, a huge dance floor and a big stage. It was humble.
“That’d be great, Cas,” Charlie smiled. “But,” she furrowed her brows. “Take care of yourself, okay?”
“Um,” Castiel looked down at Claire. “Hey, Claire, why don’t you go introduce yourself to Sam, okay? He’s that kid sitting in the chair with the big books.” Claire looked up at him and nodded shyly. But she regrew her confidence and flitted over to Sam, who instantly closed his book around a pencil and gave her his attention.
Castiel hoped, and wished, that he’d stop disappearing someday. He felt like, somewhere, in some alternate reality, they were always separated like ships in the night.
He figured he could check into a hotel or a hostel, but that would whittle away at the money he was saving for an apartment and completely beat the purpose of running away from his parents.
He had no expectation for Charlie to give him the time of day, but for the sake of their budding friendship, he wanted to at least try.
Gabriel shoved his hands into his pockets and swiveled around, taking in the sight of the apartment. “What are you doing here, kid? I was hoping you’d answer the door, but I was also hoping you’d be out and about.”
Dean looked at him and seemed to think for a second, then nodded. “Yeah, Cas wanna come? Our uncle Bobby- well he’s not our real uncle, he’s our dad’s friend- he lives in New Jersey, moved in a couple years ago. Yes, I know, Jersey sucks. But he likes it out in the country. We visit him every Sunday.”
“I wish I had some kind of talent. Something going for me,” Dean said, not meeting Castiel’s eye as he counted the money in the register.
“Tell you what,” Castiel said, then strung Jimmy’s silver necklace onto his neck. Claire looked up at him with eyes the size of moons. “Let’s not talk about them. But we
“About mom?” Gabriel almost looked offended. “Alright listen…I’ll give you my God’s honest truth. I didn’t care. In fact, if you asked me a year ago if I’d consider saving mom from institutionalization, I’d laugh in your face. But…with everything that has happened with our brother.”
“I’m sorry, Cas.” Dean said, his voice wavering. Castiel thought he hallucinated it. “I…I’m sorry I’m not strong enough.”
With a pat on Castiel’s shoulder, Gabriel bought him a train ticket out to Jersey. The plan was to pick up a car from Bobby.
“I’m sorry Claire,” Castiel muttered. Claire swiveled around to face him again. “I know it’s hard, and I know this apartment is barely suitable. But…”
“No problem,” Castiel said. He pulled a seat from the table next to him and set it to the table. Charlie waved at him, then went back to her dutiful notetaking.
“Oh, I’m so sorry!” He said and caught himself before he knocked the poor woman over, and her boys with her. She and her kids sprung back. She was young, with shiny brown curls and winged black eyeliner.
As he sat on the windowsill, he heard the song of the city. The pigeons balking on the powerlines, the heavy footsteps of leather shoes through puddles, the rain pitter pattering the metal tops of cabs squeaking to a halt on the sides of the road. He always loved the city. It felt like only yesterday that he was a tiny child facing the world, staring up at the massive skyscrapers, hearing his father speak of the American dream.
Dean sat there, watching him. He reached over and touched a turtle-shell bottom on Castiel’s coat. He spun it lightly between his fingers, testing the seams, rubbing it like a rosary. “Why are you here, Cas?”
“Not at all,” Charlie said. “I’m an odd ball myself. You are too, Dean. Although you’re too self-righteous to admit it.”
“No need to be sorry,” he said. “And you can tell me all about it in the morning okay? For now, get some sleep.”
Castiel hated moving due to the sheer idea that it makes you feel homeless for a split second. He felt homeless the whole day. He was homeless.
Castiel’s heart pounded. Then, slowly, he realized that the house was empty save for his parents. He was the only one in the nest. Luke was living over by Time’s Square, running his advertisement company which for sure sold cocaine to mothers and their infants. He had four kids himself. Castiel wondered how cruel his children were, or if they were traumatized like him.
Castiel stood alone in Dean’s bedroom. He felt like he was intruding on Dean’s life. He couldn’t help it. He stepped into the room further, went around to the other side of Dean’s bed to the window and looked through the blinds. The view outside was calm and free of people. It looked over an intersection and a cafe on the corner, closed for the night.
Castiel walked up next to Claire and smoothed out a ridiculous fly away on her head absentmindedly. Claire looked up at him and pouted, crossing her arms.
Dean kept the light smile on his face, but he shook his head like he didn’t want to comment. He glanced at Castiel once, then again.
Chuck was turning red, but Amara tried to diffuse the tension. “Castiel, could you please go out somewhere? We have some very serious business to attend to.”
The room all muttered curses. Naomi looking like she was swallowing down a burst of tears. Castiel knew that Chuck had already told them, but the second time it was verbalized seemed to hit harder.
If he wasn’t paying attention, he wouldn’t have noticed the grim expression that formed on her face for a brief millisecond. Castiel thought he was probably seeing things. Instantly, Kelly schooled herself and smiled back widely. She then bent down, with her hands on her knees and looked at her sons. “Jack, Bel,” she said both of their names with so much love and compassion that it made Castiel’s heart ache. “What do we say when we meet someone new?”
Dean laughed again, a full sound. It made little crinkles on the corners of his eyes. Castiel liked the noise, even if it was at his expense. “To an audience of nobody?” Dean said.
Before long, they made it to the field. Jody and Donna came up behind the group with a box of fireworks in each hand. They set up in the center of the field, and everyone stepped back to give them space.
Naomi stood and walked over to her husband. She placed her hands on his shoulder. “Dear, don’t stress,” she said.
After eating a little bit and trying to wrap up and store all the excess food that his mother made, he retired to his room.
That seemed to strike a chord. “No. I don’t think he will be. He’ll say he will. But I know him, and I know what he’s done for me. He practically raised me. Now I’m going across the country…Cas- you gotta look after him.”
“Ricky Nelson,” Castiel said. “I thought Dean didn’t like him. Sam did. But Dean claimed that him and Sam had strictly different tastes in music.”
“Oh,” Kelly said. “This is Castiel Novak. He just rented out this apartment. Castiel, this is Missouri, you know my boys, and this is Missouri’s granddaughter, Patience.”
Dean glanced down the hall both ways, then broke the tension by leaning forward and kissing Castiel quickly. The moment he moved away, Castiel leaned back in again and kissed him slower, deeper. Dean let out a breath.
The request was clearly not out of kindness, but rather worry. Kelly was giving him such an intense stare down that Castiel was weary to meet her eyes. He dropped his head and let her into the apartment.
Charlie’s store was rather small, and rather narrow. But, as Castiel took another look, he saw that it went far back. The walls were decorated to the brim with record covers. Buddy Holly, Elvis, Ray Charles, Eddie Cochran. The covers were all arranged in color coordination. Reds went together, then oranges, and yellows. It took Castiel a minute to realize that it created a huge rainbow on the wall. Hanging from the ceiling were various lanterns and lamps, all illuminating the store. Mingling within were Christmas lights, bright in the middle of April. Lining the walls were boxes of records all organized alphabetically.
After eating some ice cream, the kids started getting sleepy and Missouri and Patience said their goodbyes. “It was nice to meet you, sir,” Patience said with droopy eyes and Castiel shook her little hand.
When they got to Penn station, Claire had gotten another wind, and had enough energy to walk to the subway rather than piggyback. She reached up and held Dean’s hand that time as they walked and stood on the platform. But then on the subway she dozed off against Castiel’s shoulder as they made their way down to Greenwich.
Dean reached forward and cupped his hips. He hooked his fingers in Castiel’s beltloops, and pulled him closer, their chests touching. Dean kissed him deeply, opening his mouth, brushing his tongue with his own. Castiel hummed and moved his hand up, cupped his jaw.
Castiel went out walking with Claire on Thursday afternoon and they found a piano on the side of the road as if it were a sign from god himself.
Dean’s grin dropped again, and he almost looked like he could be embarrassed, or shy. He wouldn’t take Dean as someone who was shy, but he saw color rise in his cheeks. “Don’t be all mushy now,” Dean said and broke into a small laugh.
Castiel turned around to see a car coming slowly up the road. It was swerving slightly and drifting like the driver was asleep. Castiel instantly recognized it. “Isn’t that your car?”
“We’re going to Bobby’s today, remember?” Dean said to Sam as he bit off a piece of bacon. “I can drop you off at school again if you’d like or you can come with. Your choice.”
“I mean…the liberals, the progressive folks. It’s all bull crap you know?” Missouri said. Castiel blinked at her profanity. She continued. “People in the north are just as bad as people in the south. There is still hate everywhere- in the way people stare; the way people talk. New York may be for the young and intelligent, but I’ve seen first-hand that they hate people who are different- people who they don’t understand…”
It was time, he thought, to make his way toward Campbell’s. On his way down the street, the city seemed to be coming alive around him. There were large groups of people talking loudly and gossiping, and music was flowing from restaurant windows. Castiel heard a song with a slow piano and a man’s voice singing about someone he loves, a genderless “you.”
Things are strangely calm on the war front. But Castiel says we shouldn’t be fooled. Bartholomew and Malachi are cunning and anything can happen at any moment. Anyways, I’m going to Walmart tomorrow morning, because Castiel has only one, maybe two shirts and today was laundry day and he looked really pathetic in one of Sam’s shirts because he had nothing else to wear. And he’s going with me.
Crowley never got his hands dirty on him, leaving the pleasure of torturing the angel to his lackeys, who actually fought to see who would be the next to brand Castiel’s skin with his own angel blade.
The question pulls Dean’s attention and he looks at Brady who’s watching him closely. “Uh, yeah, I met Cas during my lunch break last week. Just grabbed a quick bite.”
Dr. Mills shakes her head. “No, Castiel, it won’t. In fact, we encourage intercourse as long as the omega is comfortable with it. This late in the pregnancy, it can help trigger labor and the release of hormones is a great natural painkiller from any cramps or false contractions you’ll start to experience.”
“You bruised my tailbone!” Jo cries and Dean almost grins remembering how he hadn’t been pulled out that mess of limbs in much better condition.
The tears come before he’s even aware he’s going to cry and all he can do is stand there and let them fall.
Dean looks at Cas again, a question in his eyes, but Cas just shrugs and turns his attention to his daughter.
“Yes, because it’s so easy to get carried away by the thoughtful words and theories of drunk and exhausted college students pretending to care about the creation of the universe. My goodness, did this person really call ‘Allah’ ‘Allen?’”
Cas’s nostrils flared. Dean saw it and chuckled to himself. “You did—you did the thing… with the nostrils. Always did tha when y’er mad. Always s’cute.”
“Cas,” his brother groans. “I get that you’re all into the apple pie and everything nice normal little life-” Cas narrows his eyes “-but think about it like this: if you are developing a gift, you need to learn to control it. Or else you’ll be throwing shit around every time you sneeze.”
Dean’s eyes seem to soften. “I’m sure you must have meant just as much to him. And that means there’s always a chance. You just have to be brave enough to take it.”
The second he’s gone, Cas dissects the bags one by one but there’s still no sign of the mistletoe and his heart rate spikes to dangerous levels. Where the fuck could it be?
Cas was clutching the counter, drained. He pushed a hand over his face, wiping the tears away. “Can you even tell me why?” he asked with a broken voice. “I mean, don’t you think you owe me that much? We were perfect. We were in love and we were doing great. You just suddenly changed. What did I do? Did I say something? Was I just not good enough anymore?”
Their bodies move together in sync, a harmony of limbs and beautiful sounds working toward the same precipice. When they near, Cas reaches for Dean’s hands, fingers lacing together. The way he says Dean’s name is like an enchantment, so soft and careful but full of meaning and intention. Dean answers in kind and they shake apart together, pressed chest to chest, heart to heart.
Cas releases a shaky breath. He’s nervous and trying so hard to hide it. Dean grabs his hands and gives what he hopes is a comforting squeeze. “It’s okay, Cas. This is just the first step. If you don’t find anyone you like, we’ll go somewhere else. This isn’t a commitment.”
“Of course I’m breaking up with you!” Brady says like Dean is the crazy one here. “You really thought I’d stay after this?”
Dean jumped as Cas popped up next to him. “Dammit, Cas,” he yelped, setting the whisky down. “Don’t do that!”
Cas shakes his head and wipes at his face roughly. “It’s nothing,” he says quickly. “Where is Kara?”
Finally, Cas lifts his chin. Cold eyes bore into his and Dean is nodding before Cas even delivers his sentence, “Don’t come near me or my child ever again.”
Dean musters up a matching one. “That’s amazing, Cas. How do you feel? Any strange headaches? Shooting spider webs out of your hands?”
There’s no sight of Callie but he spots Cas in the dining room picking up fallen pink streamers. He greets Dean with arched brows. “Come to lend a hand?”
“Of course I do. He’s my friend. And he’s damn fine, too. You see those shoulders? Ridiculous.” Gabe sighed wistfully. “Jess is one lucky lady.”
Dean grinned as he went to join Cas on the couch, setting his beer on the coffee table. “That becoming a new hobby of yours?”
Dean’s heart monitor spikes when the door clicks shut and Cas almost flinches. Dean looks so small and scared now even with half his face hidden and Cas wants to assure him but he can’t.
Cas laughs and it warms Dean where the cool air is now starting to sting his once flushed skin. “I know, Dean.”
Dean fights his way to the kitchen and sees the theme continues with penis-shaped candy and sandwiches.
Dean shrugs it off. “It’s okay, kiddo. If it’s meant to be, it’ll be. If not, you just gotta shrug it off and move on.”
Dean’s eyes blow even wider, beyond confused and losing his own patience. “What the fuck- I- who are you talking about?”
Her big eyes roll around in barely contained irritation and she looks so much like her father, Dean can’t help but grin. “Fine,” she sighs and starts toward the front door. Yeah, definitely a mini Cas. And so Dean follows.
Another few people arrive and Dean leans into the counter with a handful of pretzels, feeling heavier as he listens to his friends chat. He just hasn’t been able to shake this exhaustion and part of him longs to just be at home in his bed. He’s not sure if it’s the looming threat of finals or what that’s holding him back, but he knows for sure that this is one of the last times he’ll have to see all of his favorite people before they get their degrees and walk off in different directions. So he wouldn’t miss it for the world.
Dean’s chest shakes again with short laughter. “Yeah, Cas. You waited a year to talk. Pretty sure I can make it a few months.”
Cas watches the clock for the next few minutes, stomach in turmoil. Still no sign of Deanna and if she’s going to go then she needs to do it now.
Dean throws his hands up in exasperation. “You told me you wanted me to be honest, Cas! And honestly? I’m sorry, but none of these alphas are good enough for you!”
Dean’s shoulders shoot back and he sucks in a deep breath before looking Cas in the eye and asking, “Cas, do you want to dance with me?@
Cas’s eyes locked onto Dean’s and the other man’s smile wilted a few degrees. “Does it really matter, Dean?”
And then Deanna comes through the gym’s side doors with Benny and her father and every instinct in Cas urges her to hide.
Cas stood to meet Dean face to face. Dean was shaking his head. Cas took his hands in his. “What are you doing?” Dean murmured.
“Maybe next time,” Dean promises and prays there will be a next time. If not here, then in the next life or in some alternate universe where Cas feels the same and goes on real dates with Dean where they can share bites of food without feeling nervous and bicker over the bill knowing it doesn’t matter.
“I trust you to take care of him,” Anna said. “Besides, I love Cas but I am not cleaning up his puke.” She pointed down the hall toward Cas’s room. “Do both of you a favor, and go talk to him. And I mean really talk.”
“Look at him!” Dean waved a hand at Cas’s sleeping form. “Cas almost never drinks. When he gets this drunk he’s an absolute mess. Someone has to be there to take care of him.” Dean paused. “And I owe him anyway.”
Cas moved closer, one slow step at a time, eyes never leaving Dean’s for a second. His hand reached out, rising to cup Dean’s jaw and he just seemed to stare deeper into Dean’s eyes, finding something he never thought he’d see again. “You’re here,” he said again.
But when he opens the door, the lights are out and it’s quiet again. He finds Dean in bed, breathing already slow and deep. It’s barely 7:08. Something about this starts to scare Cas.
“Oh, uh, Cas this is Kara,” Dean introduces. “Kara, this is Cas. A, uh, an old friend.” He wraps his arm around Kara’s waist and Cas tries to breathe through the gravel in his chest.
Dean shoves some sweats into the bag since it seems he’ll be staying overnight. “I don’t know, babe, maybe everyone else is busy?” He zips up the bag and turns around, pecking Brady on the lips. “Look, I’m sorry. I know it was supposed to be just us but Callie doesn’t deserve to be stuck at someone’s house puking her guts out. I mean, what if it was our kid?”
A thousand ways to respond circled through Dean’s head and every one of them ended with Dean clinging to Cas and refusing to let him leave, begging him not to go. Instead he just smiled back and said, “Yeah, you too, Cas.”
And that's all, folks! I Hope you have enjoyed. A last thank you to Hope for being a great friend and inspiration! You can find her Tumblr
Dean had dessert and wine waiting at home and he’d gotten that familiar thrill when Brady’s eyes darkened when Dean started lighting the candles.
Cas kisses each corner of Dean’s mouth. “I know,” he says. “But this still doesn’t feel real. I’m afraid I’m going to wake up any second now and realize it’s all just been a dream.”
Dean moved another T-shirt and he yanked his hand back as if shocked when he saw what hid beneath it.
The figure turns around. They’re of course wearing a mask, dark maroon like their suit and they start to come closer and Cas is shocked to find that this is definitely not a man.
Dean shakes his head wildly. "No, no! It had nothing to do with you, Cas, you didn't even do anything. It was just me."
Cas glares at him. “I don’t think you can try to blow off your health after an incident like this, Dean. And I can’t believe you didn’t tell me. Why would you ever-”
There isn’t the tiniest bit of Dean that wants to agree to this, that wants to help Cas get pregnant with some other alpha’s child. Even if that alpha won’t be directly involved with Cas or the child’s life, it still feels like he’s helping dismantle every dream and fantasy he’s had since he was nineteen and first caught Castiel’s scent.
That’s a weird thought. And then it’s a funny thought and Dean is caught with an unexpected case of the giggles.
Cas tries to take a deep breath and string the right words together but there’s so much he wants to say and it’s impossible to organize it all. “I-I thought that I couldn’t show how upset I was because.... because I was the one who hurt you. So I tried to not look upset. When I was around you.”
Dean actually considers the question, trying to find the best way to explain. “Well, there are a lot of different ways you can love someone. When you love someone, you care about them, you want the best for them. But when you’re in love with someone… it’s like not being able to live without them. They make you feel… complete.”
Cas stood right in front of him, just a few polite feet away and Dean’s entire body hummed with the effort it took to stay still and keep his hands to himself.
“Of course there is, but that dumbass won’t let anyone take them. Keeps saying he needs the extra money.”
It’s a simple chocolate and raspberry mousse. He sets a small bowl in front of everyone. He slips the one with extra whipped cream to Callie with a wink and the little girl smiles at him.
Brady frames Dean’s face with his hands and kisses him deeply then softly. “I’ve missed you,” he breathes. “I missed this so much.”
“Yeah!” Dean cheers because he can’t not. “The Chicago History Museum offered him a job and he took it. They’re moving in a month.”
“Dean, the five years we spent together were the happiest years of my life. I- There isn’t- I can’t think of a single other time in my life when I felt as loved and blissful as when I was with you. You made me happier than anyone else in the world could ever dream to. Could you not see that?”
Glaring with suspicion, Cas opens the back door and makes her way across the Winchesters’ back yard. There’s a loud roar coming from the work shed, followed by some clanging, and Cas waits until it quiets to knock on the door. She’s learned by now never to just walk in or she’s likely to lose an eyebrow or a hand.
He gets dinner with a friend and finally makes it home around 7 p.m. He spies the impala in the parking garage and smiles, thinking he can get at least an hour of quality time with Dean before his boyfriend passes out.
“He won’t tell me why he left. That’s the only thing I’m asking for and he won’t tell me. He just said he listened to something he shouldn’t have. What am I supposed to do with that?”
That carried Cas through the rest of the exam. At the end, his assistants collected everything and Cas shoved them into his bag.
“Well, it looks as though I have quite a bit of catching up to do. Castiel, would you care to join me?”
Cas had expected to feel better after their talk. He expected to feel lighter, freer. If not happier, than more content. He had been weighed down by Dean’s departure for a year, constantly wondering what he could have done differently to make Dean stay, how he could have been better for Dean.
The door opened and Sam and Jess came through with bright smiles. They saw Dean and straightened up.
Cas allows a small grin, overly pleased that Dean had been listening to all his blathering about Christmas the last few months. “It’s turning out better than I thought. I have an inflatable snowman to put in the front yard. I’m going to blow it up once I get back from the lab tonight.”
He watched his brother and Jess take a shot together and his mouth watered for a taste. His eyes scanned back and forth across the shelves behind the bar, landing on some of his favorites. He licked his lips. He wasn’t nervous.
“Now we add the runes,” Anna says, fetching a pencil from her bag and drawing each of them out. “Choose which ones you want. You have sex, love, serenity, dominance, and thrusting.”
All the strength Cas had mustered turned to dread when the door opened and a groggy pair of green eyes widened in alert.
Jess beamed. “I have a friend I think you would like! He’s a really nice guy, real mature and down to Earth.”
Cas grimaces. “Unless that someone just wants to pour pig’s blood over me or hang me from the bleachers.”
And what a ridiculous question was that. He laughed loudly and cruelly, laughed until his stomach hurt and his eyes watered. Dean just watched with confusion.
Dean smiles sadly and reaches out with his thumb to wipe away her tears. “Wish I could, kiddo. But listen, you’re gonna go home with your daddy and spend some time together. And maybe I can come over tomorrow and hang out, how about that? Cook you whatever you want.”
Having Dean around yesterday had felt so good. He’d been a wreck all Saturday after they’d parted ways after class. His body just couldn’t stop moving, couldn’t settle or relax, knowing Dean was going out with someone that night. Someone who wasn’t Cas.
Bobby gave him the name of the hospital Dean was being taken to. By the time Cas arrived Dean was already in a room. He looked pale and more tired than ever propped up on a hospital bed, an oxygen mask strapped to his face, IV pumping into him and all sorts of wires monitoring the different functions of his body. Bobby and Benny sit on either side of him.
They order their dessert and once again Dean finds himself spoon feeding Cas a taste of his chocolate pie. But this time, there are no nervous butterflies. This time, it’s all heat. A searing, thick heat that fills his lower half and runs down his skin, tight, as Cas’s eyes seem to glaze over with something Dean’s never seen before, something desperate and primal and eager as his pink lips separate and Dean catches just the faintest glimpse of his tongue before he licks the treat into his mouth.
Cas immediately fists his hand in Dean’s work shirt and holds Dean close. “Wanted to see you,” Cas murmurs. He can feel when Dean naturally goes to pull back and finds that he can’t. He also feels the way Dean immediately softens and his arms come up to hug Cas close. There’s another kiss lost in his hair.
Bobby grunts as if to say that’s an understatement. He faces Dean and wags a finger. “You listen to these doctors and I better not see your ass anywhere near the garage for at least two weeks.”
These are the moments he starts to wish he would have a partner, someone who would have his back and help him through the hard times while appreciating the good ones.
They both look up at Charlie whose leaning back in her chair, arms crossed in front of her. Brady coughs and separates himself from Dean. “Sorry, Charlie. Well, you should probably get going. School is getting out soon.”
Cas follows Deanna out of the shed and back into the house. Deanna goes to shower and Cas makes herself comfortable in Deanna’s room.
Sam didn’t know what to say. He looked between his fiancée and his brother, but neither paid him any attention. Dean lowered himself back onto the couch, thinking over Jess’s words.
Cas shows him to a quiet room on the other end of the apartment. Dean walks in with his gifts, picking up notes of anger and loneliness. He follows them back behind a chair and finds Callie sitting in a corner, knees pulled up to her chest.
On Saturday, Cas woke early and made his final drive to the university for the next few months. He changed into his black robes and joined his colleagues as they observed the graduation ceremony.
When Cas doesn’t respond right away, Dean feels hot fear rush through him. Maybe he went a little too far, veering into romantic side of things. Sure, he wants to show Cas what a good date can be like, what it’s like to be properly wooed and romanced. But that doesn’t change the fact that Cas only wants him as a friend.
Cas has looked at Dean like he's crazy a million times over the course of their friendship, so Dean is well acquainted with that particular look. The one he's giving Dean now, however, tells Dean that he may have hit a whole new level of insanity. "What can't affect me?"
Cas nods her head. They’re still not looking at each other and she feels ridiculous. “Well, that’s good. I’m glad.”
“Yeah, thought so.” Dean moved to the fridge. He pulled out a can of Sprite and poured it into a coffee mug, then slid it across the counter to Cas.
“Ugh, yeah, I thought it could be her first book, ya know, for her shelf,” Dean explains, suddenly feeling desperately unsure of something he’d thought a great idea just an hour ago. “I thought you’d like this one because
Cas’s breath draws short, shaking out of him, and his pupils have devoured the blue of his irises. “Dean,” he breathes and Dean knows, nods his head before baring his throat.
He is absolutely not mesmerized by the way Cas’s head tilts back when he laughs or how long his neck looks.
“Now you’re too good to bitch and moan with the rest of us?” Balthazar asked as he barged into Cas’s office.
“So… Dean isn’t eating, he’s skipping work, avoiding friends and family and his drinking has increased. Then he gets super wasted and travels all the way across town to see you,” Anna summarized.
"Because I don't want to just be your friend anymore. I want to mate with you. I've wanted to since I first met you. I want to wake up to you every day and I want you to be the last thing I see every night. I want your scent all over me and all over our house. I want to kiss you until I can't breathe and I want to touch you every chance I get." As he says it, Cas takes Dean's hand and holds it tightly. "That is what would make me happy."
Castiel started the summoning ritual with his heart thumping in his chest. If this didn’t work, things would get ugly pretty fast.
“Believe me, I can. She has helped me before, relocating a few of our fallen brothers and sisters. And she can be a little intimidating, but I would trust Missouri with my life.”
He’s feeling like shit, that’s true, but he’s not that bad that he needs Cas’ help right now. He could wait for it to get worse, and save Cas' Grace at least for now, but he needs to do it now, while he’s still coherent. ‘Cause if Cas heals him, the way he’s already so low on mojo, it’ll put him down for at least a few minutes. That’s more than enough.
“Gee, Grandpa, thanks for making me remember every fucking crappy Christmas I ever had. It was a blast!” Dean turns his back to the ghost and starts walking away from him. He wants to go back to his room; he can practically taste the bourbon he knows is hidden on the dresser’s bottom drawer. “Was there even a point to all this shit?” he asks, not turning back to look, because he can feel the ghost right behind him.
“Sure!” Sam got up and smiled. “The first film will probably be ready in 2015. Wait, let me get my books about the expanded universe. There are a couple of books you should read and then you tell me what you think. You’re gonna love Mara Jade, she totally kicks ass.”
Sam, Dean and Castiel spent a lot of time with Crowley today. Kevin and I, we decided to go for a walk. We don’t want to know what happens down there, and Kevin hates Crowley because of what he may have done to his mom. If the boys decide to hurt or even kill the demon, I don’t want to know about it. I don’t think Kevin really cares. But whatever they do, we don’t want to hear it. When I think he was a person once, it gives me chills to know he chose this for himself.
Ellen and Jo are still in the Roadhouse by the time Dean gets back there. Sam stayed behind with their parents. But Dean suddenly needs to see everything and everyone. As if he has already lost too much time. And, maybe he has, driving through the Axis Mundi, waiting for Sam. But hey, now he has all of eternity, right?
Castiel walked to the alley beside the diner, and unlocked the back door. He got inside, turning on the lights on his way to the kitchen, Dean right behind him. “Um… do you want to sit at a table?”
The next thing Dean knows, he and Sam are on the other side of the main room, being held against the wall, almost upside down.
Gabriel could find him whenever he wanted to; if and when he could look for Castiel again without attracting Death’s attention. Jessaliel didn’t need him; she was happy with Sam.
“I love you too,” Dean said, because it could be a cliché, but it was true. Dean knew that Cas would be able to see in his eyes everything he felt, but he wanted to say it. Because it was real, and it was true, and he felt really blessed to have the love of his life with him again. Because that’s what Castiel, angel of the Lord, was; the freaking love of Dean Winchester’s life. And that was amazing.
They don’t go far. In fact, they don’t even leave the MOL bunker. Samuel Campbell’s ghost takes Dean through a long and bright corridor, with several doors on both sides. It’s unlike  any corridor Dean has ever seen in this place, its walls white and shiny.
“This.” Dean shows them the box. “I saw this before I opened the box in the storage room, but it was so small, and I didn’t care because, hey, the box was with the cleaning supplies, and, and it was full of Christmas decorations, so, I thought it was alright!”
“Jess, um… why are you not freaking out?” Dean asked slowly, although his heart was pounding in his chest. He almost feared her answer, because until recently, he thought that supernatural stuff was for books and movies, that angels and demons were things the church had created to keep people in line. But they were real, and if he, who hadn’t even started to process all that in his head yet, was freaking out… why wasn’t Jess doing the same at all that blood and – she’d said
There are mistletoes. Lots and lots of them. Every fucking where. Cas is, in fact,  surrounded by them.
Christmas three right in the middle of it. There’s a great smell coming from the kitchen too, and in the background, Dean can hear soft music playing.
In his hands, a black and white image of a blond boy with a dark haired man made his heart clench. Father and son were side by side; Dean was holding a baseball bat and John was wearing a baseball glove. They looked tired and sweaty, but their smiles at the camera were happy. Behind them, a dark haired baby in a stroller looked at a pacifier with a thoughtful expression: Sam.
otherwise it would be a complete chaos. Someone always gave the orders – an archangel, Death, or even God himself – and the angels obeyed. It had always been like this since the beginning of time. Angels didn’t disobey. If they didn’t like their orders, either they fell or they conformed to the rules. The only one who had refused to fall was casted out to Hell, and there was nothing angelic in him anymore.
When he opens the door cautiously, Cas is, indeed, awake. But he hasn’t moved, nor has Dean. They’re lying on the bed, facing each other. Cas has a soft smile and one of Dean’s hand is on his chest. When he sees Sam, Cas only nods, acknowledging his presence in silence, but Dean almost jumps and takes his hand back.
“Cas?” Dean says, and Castiel smiles, because here he is, the man he loves, the hunter, the brother, the friend Castiel admires so much. “Cas, stop it, you’re gonna hurt yourself,” Dean whispers, but Castiel only shakes his head no, and goes on. Dean screams again, when Castiel forces light into another dark corner, and there he is, face to face with the remnants of the Mark of Cain, buried deep right in the middle of Dean’s soul.
“Pray for his soul.” Gabriel shook his head sadly. “Time runs differently in Purgatory. He’s already been there for a couple of years, give or take. And he has a lot to atone to.”
They were still a little tentative around each other. Dean had said he had big problems at home, and Castiel didn’t want to pry. Dean did  seem more tense than usual  So when Dean asked him to go to the movies, Castiel was pleasantly surprised. Maybe going out was just what Dean needed to clear his head, so Castiel would gladly accompany him.
“Cut the angel crap, will ya? It’s already bad, Cas. As bad as it can be. And it’s all your fault. Yep, it’s all on ya, dude. Fuck my polluted soul and fuck you.” Dean tried to get up and lost his balance, falling on the sofa again. “Oooops,” he giggled, laying his head on the couch’s armrest. “Why are the walls moving?”
Castiel felt his insides turning cold. “Dean, please, this is not over, I need to tell you everything. Please, let me explain, I’m sure you will understand.”
Gabriel gave her a crooked smile. “I know. I wanted you to have a break. I’ve relied a lot on you in the past.”
Castiel’s fascination was the little things too: like Dean’s tactless and stupid jokes, his love for every single greasy and unhealthy food invented by men, his obsession for his car. Also the way he danced like crazy to his loud rock music when he was alone in the garage - or so he thought - the way his lopsided smile illuminated his whole face and how his eyes widened comically every time he saw Castiel wearing anything other that the diner's yellow apron. His bowed legs.
And Dean… Sam has no idea about Dean’s feelings for Cas. But he had never seen his brother so out of it, so desperate and lost and… hopeless, than when they thought Cas had drowned and died. Dean thinks Sam didn’t notice that he kept Cas’ coat, and that once or twice, he would look at the sky and just… his eyes would even go a little moist, and he would do his best to hide it from Sam.
Surprisingly, they don’t ask why nothing’s happening to Dean. He’s glad for that, even if it’s a little bit strange, because Sam and Cas are not the types to let something like this go unnoticed. Anyway, even if they asked, he wouldn’t tell them anything. First, because he doesn’t want to talk about it; second, because now that he thinks a trickster is behind this, a dull ache has started deep in his chest and he can’t shake it off.
“Thank you for the vote of confidence,” Cas said, looking at Dean with his very big and serious blue eyes.
Tomorrow is Christmas. Kevin told me he’d gone to Walmart last week and bought this plastic tree and other decorations, just in case Sam and Dean were talking again when Christmas came. Well, now they are, but none of us is in the mood for celebrating. Crap.
Castiel took a deep breath. “Because you’re right. I love Dean Winchester, and I cannot let you harm him. Therefore, I am willing to put myself in your… hands, as long as you leave him alone.”  That much was true, anyway. Castiel was completely in love, and if their plan didn’t work tonight, he would really make a deal with this filthy creature, so Dean would have a chance at a long life.
“Last night he said he was going to stay in the library. He’s still trying to find an explanation for the curses.”
Dean inches closer, until his face is so close to Cas’ that he can see his long lashes and his blue, blue sparkling eyes. “So, I’m telling you…   that thing you said, back there, that you couldn’t have? You can have it, Cas. It’s yours. It has been yours for a long time, but I was too stupid to realize.”
Outside, the heavy rain and the lightning stopped. The image of Castiel’s wings disappeared. He collapsed on the ground, completely drained, his body heavy with pain and exhaustion. “Dean…” he whispered, raising his eyes and looking at Dean, who hadn’t moved yet since Crowley’s departure.
His skin was flawless, looking a little tanned and with freckles that Castiel suddenly wanted to count, one by one. He was toned, but not too much, and his arms looked perfect and strong. Castiel wanted to know how all that skin would feel against his.
Cas is suddenly there, so close that Dean can feel see his eyelashes. His eyes don’t have that otherworldly-angel blue anymore; they’re normal now. He smiles softly at Dean, kneeling close to untie his legs. Dean looks down, unable to handle his stare, because he remembers he just said he’d kill him if he could, and he feels ashamed.
“You don’t fool me,” Sam smiles, holding the booklet close. “I know you’re a big sap. And I’m proud of you.”
Dean pretends he doesn’t feel a pang in his chest at hearing how bad it was for Sam. But hey, heaven or not,  he’s not gonna start a sharing and caring scene with Sam now, right? “What about Miracle?”
“It worked,” Dean echoes, and Castiel can feel the relief and the gratefulness in it. “I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I swear I didn’t mean any of that. I’ll always want you here; you’ll always be welcome. Please, believe me, Cas, I never want you to leave.”
Until he saw a soul so bright and beautiful that he couldn’t ignore. Until the need to protect, the need to care for the man he was supposed to kill was bigger than everything. He still didn’t know, but he fell in love with Dean Winchester the moment he saw him.
“Asshole,” Dean batted John’s hand away but gave him a crooked smile. “I know that Ash only eats doughnuts. You’re the one with a black hole for a stomach.”
"Don't thank me yet, young one. For your audacity of questioning me and my work, you are banned from Heaven until you can bring me this man's soul."
“Later, when I felt the power of the Mark, I wondered how could he stand to watch so much bloodshed without doing anything while the Mark was still on his arm. I asked myself how he resisted its lure, how he could have retired from being a Knight of Hell with the Mark still active, probably tingling and burning.”
The problem is that, when Castiel was human – and he shakes his head, as if to get rid of the memories of Dean telling him to leave the bunker, even though he knew that Castiel would be vulnerable, weak and completely alone – he realized his true feelings for Dean. He was finally able to understand something that had been happening to him through all these years since he pulled Dean from Hell.
When they were growing up, while Sam preferred to do his homework at their quiet house, its emptiness usually left Dean restless. So, he started going to the diner every day and, sitting at a table at the back, he did his homework every afternoon. The fact that Missouri usually gave him pie and hot chocolate was a plus.
Sam knows it’s true. He never blamed Cas for destroying the wall inside his head, not really. That was not the real Cas, those were desperate times. Besides, Cas took the Devil from his head, didn’t he? And he got crazy in the process. Yes, Sam knows Cas would die for him and Dean. But he suspects that’s not what Hannah is asking.
. Sam rolls his eyes, and goes to take a shower. Cas says he’ll help, but he looks completely lost with all that sparkling material around him, looking at the tinsel on the floor with his head tilted to one side and a frown, so Dean decides, barely hiding his grin, that Cas can help him, holding the garlands while Dean puts them in place.
“Of course, Dean,” Cas smiles. “After all, they are the ones answering the phone and taking calls tonight while we get to spend the holidays together.”
She looked tiredly at John’s hand over hers on the table. “Alright,” she said, after a few seconds. “But only after this nightmare is behind us.”
“According to Dean, you have, like, superpowers or something, because you appeared out of nowhere, just to save him, damsel-in-distress style.”
“I always thought that I’d die early,” he says. “And violently. Never worried about getting old and alone, ‘cause I never thought I’d get there, you know?”
“Man, it’s just a figure of speech, you know?” Dean smiled at Cas. “Of course I don’t want to die young. Have to take care of Mom and I want to see Sammy become an important lawyer in New York, or something like that.”
Dean looked at the sky. “Heaven.” He took a deep breath and let the air out through his mouth. “And why you were banished?”
“Raphael almost killed me, that first day. He wanted the Apocalypse back; he wanted Paradise on Earth with the human race completely eliminated. I couldn’t let that happen.”
“Sam doesn’ r’member. It’s easy for him to forgive Dad. I can’t, Cas.  I just... I envy Sam. He’s a lucky bast’rd. He has the perf’ct career, the perf’ct car, the perf’ct girl, he’s gonna earn a lotta money and have the perf’ct house in N’York and mak’em all proud while I…” he sniffed.  “Shit, I envy him so much.”
When I was growing up, after the accident, I didn’t have the will to put my life on paper, I just wanted to forget that I didn’t have a family anymore. Later, when I was on the run for 16 years, well… it would be stupid to write about myself and give the police ways to find me, so… I didn’t. Besides, who said it was cool living with a false identity? It was anything but. My life was boring and predictable: work, work, work, visiting Mom whenever I could, work, work, a convention here and there… so why the heck would I write about it?
He didn’t know why this was happening, what he, a mere human, had to do with anything, what was his role in the great scheme of things. But he didn’t care.
Castiel didn’t say a word, because he didn’t trust himself to speak. He turned his back and walked out of the garage, his heavy steps echoing on the empty street.  He walked aimlessly, not really seeing where he was going, his vision blurred by the tears that insisted to fall.
Castiel would like to say “likewise” to Gabriel’s comment, but he was not one to lie. Gabriel’s physical appearance was… unimpressive. He was short, had light brown hair, and a funny face that gave the impression he was always mocking you. Well, maybe he was. Castiel was aware of his nakedness, and extremely uncomfortable by it.
“You think that offends me?” Crowley laughed. “I’m proud to be what I am. Care to know why? Because I’m a survivor; a fighter, even. I never settled for the pathetic life I had as a human; I always wanted big things, money, power… I sold my soul, and then I got everything I wanted. And on top of that, I'm practically… eternal.”
“Yeah. Maybe. But I want what you want too, Cas. So, maybe we could… try to see where this will lead us? Try to be together, baby steps, and see if it’ll work?”
“Welcome to my humble abode,” Gabriel said, making a wide gesture with his arm. “I took the liberty to indulge myself in a few earthly comforts. Don’t tell the Boss.”
Until an Angel of the Lord paid her a visit, and told her there was nothing wrong with her; what she had was a gift, not a curse.
, and Dean is so, so grateful his brother got to have that. As for him, he can finally stop worrying about the kid. Sam has always been Dean’s everything, and now it’s as if… his work is done.
“I – I mean, Missouri talks a lot about you,” Cas said to Sam. “And so does Dean.” He extended his hand to Sam. “I’m Castiel.”
Dean doesn’t want to. But if he knows anything about these ghosts is that they are persistent, and they keep pestering you until you do as they say. It’s not that he wants Bobby to go away, but if this thing is anything like last night, it won’t be pleasant, and the sooner it ends, the better.
There were many others in his situation, but he was not allowed to speak to anyone. He only had his own thoughts to keep him company, and the silence was driving him crazy. He was starting to get a little mad; prone to hysterical laughs intermingled with tears that never seemed to stop. Creatures that looked like the Hunchback of Notre-Dame were everywhere, watching his every move, ready to cut him with a machete if he even looked to the side. It was like living in a maximum security prison.
Dean’s nostrils flared and he let out a loud breath. “Coincidence my ass, Come on, I’m not dumb. A month ago you were ‘
Since that stupid play, he’s been thinking about him and Cas and their weird friendship, with its too long stares, sacrifices, lack of personal space… has it always been like that? If he’s true to himself, he’s always felt a little different around the angel. But he has never thought about… well, not consciously, anyway.
“Hey, do I look like I know what I’m doing?” Dean asked, arching his eyebrows. “Cause I don’t. But I like the way things are going between us, so let’s keep it simple and honest,
Dean’s cheeks turned a little red. “Come on, Missouri, a man can’t have his coffee in peace anymore?” he said, looking at the floor.
“Brother, please!” Rachel said, distressed. “Your questions are strange and they make me worry about you. You must not question our orders!”
And here Dean was thinking Cas wasn’t understanding what Sam was getting at. Did Cas mean what Dean thinks he meant?
“We were trying to help him. You know him, and so do I. Dean will never want to be a demon again. Whatever he said or did, that wasn’t Dean talking, it was the Mark of Cain. We were trying to bring him back, Sam… we were trying to help.”
“Oh, God, I have no idea how to help you. I guess we just gotta wait for this to pass, like the other times.”
And why wouldn’t he be? An angel stuffed into an unwieldy vessel, standing in a man-made kitchen like he belongs. Of course Dean feels on edge. He should be around other humans — human women — to smooth the ragged edges of his wants and needs.
thought so,” says Dean weakly. From Sam at least, surely, who was a literal infant. Though maybe not so much from his dad, who gave every boy who wandered Dean’s way the stink eye growing up. He hadn’t been thrilled about Dean’s exploits with girls either, so Dean always assumed it was a puritanical chastity thing. But now—
The trouble with immortality is that you’re not imbued with a sense of self-preservation. If there’s no danger of someone dropping dead mid-feud, what’s a couple hundred years to wait before things blow over? Castiel is not immortal anymore, but it’s difficult for his brain to remember this.
“It’s a very human thing to form bonds with one other person,” Castiel argues with the first Dean he comes across in the hangar. It’s a little perverse, in retrospect, that his mind supplies the one place most designed to stress Dean out, aside from an airplane itself— but perhaps it wasn’t so unintentional after all. Castiel feels the need to hurt, to needle, to punish this fake Dean in all the ways he can’t in the physical world. “It’s illogical that one other being can supply all of your emotional and physical needs.”
Dean flips over. He wants to pray to Cas to make sure he’s okay, but doesn’t trust any nosy ears that might be tuning into angel radio. He hasn’t done laundry in weeks, so he’s sleeping in a pair of Lisa’s softball shorts that somehow ended up in Baby’s trunk — it was too awkward to consider returning them to her, especially after the mind wipe, and leaving them in the trunk would raise too many questions (and Sam’s eyebrows).
They get into a slapfight. Half the coffee ends up on Sam. The tussle ends in a hug disguised as a noogie: emotional turmoil thus resolved.
“Naw,” says Dean, spitting into the sink. “There’s so much bad shit in the world that I think God would be glad for a little more happiness.”
Dean takes away Castiel’s driving privileges for a month. Castiel, shaken for reasons he can’t verbalize to Dean, is grateful. He slides into the passenger seat, clutches the handle. He wishes for the first time that John Winchester could have waited to imprint upon a car after the seatbelt law of 1968.
Castiel knows a thing or two about irrevocable actions: once you put something into existence, you can never tie it back.
Dean whispers, “If you ever want to see a grown man blush, ask Sam about how he lost his virginity in a church.”
Sam snorts, stripping out of his sodden clothes. Dean’s eyes immediately clock the stains on the hem. “Like I tell Dad anything anyway.”
“Yeah, real nice,” says Dean. “Not at all a psychopath. Just a normal person who finds a wet corpse and thinks,
Dean licks his lips. The buzz from the roaring air conditioner clashes with the scuff of athletic shoes in the gym and the reverb from the amps, or maybe it’s just his heart pounding? The core tenets of hunting are a) never reveal your true name b) never reveal your true self and c) never let anyone in close to you, and Dean is about to betray all three. Check, check, and check. Signing his death warrant with a cursive flourish, like he used to sign Sam’s school forms.
They’re holed up in a rural town in the northeast, a Catholic stronghold, when a blizzard hits. John is stuck at the university two hours away. Sam and Dean abandon the motel and its busted heat for the parish around the corner that’s opened its doors for the storm. They huddle on the maroon carpet, backs right up against the heaters, and cup their hands around styrofoam coffees.
Dean cannot dump an entire load of clothing into the washer at once. He must lift each item, inspect it, and toss it in separately. It’s why Sam refuses to make laundry runs with them anymore. Castiel, who is unbothered by patience and time-wasting human habits, watches Dean turn over a moss-colored henley that he favors several times before relinquishing it.
Castiel realizes what he’s saying. He’s slow to interpret what comes out of Dean’s mouth, more so than any other human, which he attributes to distraction from said mouth. “I wipe your memory too?”
Drained from their laundromat adventure that afternoon, Castiel falls asleep in his clothes lengthways across his bed. He tries not to, remembering Sam’s advice that
There’s the sound of impatient footsteps. And a more impatient voice chiming in, “Listen man, you ever heard of everything in moderation? Too much booze, too much sex, too much sleep — shit can be bad for you.”
Castiel has already dialed 911, and is now using what’s left of his grace to slow the heart attack long enough for the paramedics to arrive. Dean stares at him in dawning horror, eyes glassy with pain, mostly physical, as Castiel watches him recall the events of the dream — of a hundred night’s dreams — coalesce the knowledge that Castiel, every night, enters his unconsciousness to carry on an emotional affair, watch them make love, admit this to him, then wipe his memory anyway.
Dean’s the only parent he’s ever had. The one who makes sure Sam eats, makes sure Sam’s happy, teaches him to pop pimples and hotwire cars and lift cash out of loose wallets. Sam doesn’t notice how Dean acts around girls, because they don’t matter. Family matters. Hunting matters. With an uncomfortable twinge, Sam realizes he’s thinking like John.
Cas’ hand comes up to rest on top of Dean’s. Dean looks up. He’s kneeled beside the bench, staring up at Cas. A holy image if there ever was one. On his knees in a church.
It’s unsettling being back here with Dean: both of them consciously in this vacuum of desire Castiel has created. The back of his skull itches; like Dean has reached directly into his soul and yanked out with his hands.
There’s footsteps on the other side of the door. In one motion, Castiel pushes Dean down to his knees on the cushions. Dean folds his hands on the railing and bows his head. An older man with a bible tucked against his chest shuffles in. He blinks at the darkness, but then moves toward the front pew. Castiel kneels beside Dean for verisimilitude, neck crawling at the damp smell of sex and sweat inside the chapel, but perhaps the old man’s olfactory senses are dulled enough that he won’t notice.
Dean raises his dream beer in acknowledgement. “But all the humans I know are oh-for-two, most on their third or fourth relationships with a trail of side pieces scattered behind them in the wind?”
“How do you bear it?” Castiel asks suddenly. He watches Dean’s hands efficiently arrange the slick pieces of rectangular plasticine. “The hunger?”
He chokes. His face goes grey. Castiel scrambles off him, in flagrante delicto, as Dean rolls over on hands and knees to clutch at his heart. “Not a bad way to go,” Dean cracks, slapping on a grin to mask the pain. “Hey nurse, you wanna get back over here and finish what you started?”
Castiel catches a flash of skin as the couple begins to shed clothing. Hands removing shirts; breaths rapid; hips grinding. He opens his mouth to berate Dean for tolerating such perversity, even in Castiel’s subconscious, but then he catches a flash of his own blue eyes as his other self lifts a Dean’s leg over his shoulder.
He reaches for Cas, but Cas shakes his head. Lays down beside Dean instead. “I can’t— if I lose control, they’ll hear. I’m barely keeping them out now.”
A couple Deans glance up at them, then immediately lose interest. There’s a game of pickup football happening nearby.
“It’s for the honor roll banquet.” Sam flops down on the motel couch — not itchy or filled with bedbugs, which counts as upscale for their family. “I’m not going, you just have to sign to acknowledge it.”
“When you would listen to prayers,” Dean asks, lips grazing along the shell of Cas’ ear, “did you ever hear me?”
Dean licks his lips. He’s struggling to get the words out. For a person who relies on touch and appearance to communicate, he puts exhaustive effort into word choice.
They bicker playfully about the Winchesters’ pedagogical talents, the proper ratio of grounds to water, the most recent episode of some fantasy television program they both love. Castiel watches from the corner: watches Dean make eye contact, Dean’s shoulders relax, Dean chatter unconcernedly to Charlie.
It warms Dean that Cas notices this. It’s a very human thing to notice. Most immortals, who rarely need to think about things like escape or dying, view architectural structure as just another type of aesthetic. The fact that Cas now has to consider blood and guts and life and death—
When he relates the story to Sam in the kitchen later, steeping tea leaves with ferocity, Sam repeats, “Forties, dark haired, and dimpled?” in a strangled voice.
Curled up on the organ bench, beneath his trench coat, is Cas. Dean doesn’t see the angel tablet anywhere, but right now he doesn’t care enough to ask.
“It’s good to have a routine, Sammy,” says Dean, eyes closed. His chest rises and falls under the leather jacket he stole off a drunk a few towns back. “Good to have community.”
“Meanwhile, Dean isn’t sleeping at all,” Sam continues. Castiel shakes his head. It’s clear Sam has been carrying on a conversation by himself this whole time; it’s unclear whether Castiel has been responding. “He looks like he walked face-first into a haunted house. If only I could drag some of your sleep quota over to his brain.”
“Yes, please,” says Castiel, at the same time that Dean says, “Jesus god no, just blast me with it already.”
The paramedic who loads Dean onto the stretcher, fittingly, is the dark-haired forty-something woman with dimples from the laundromat. Castiel watches her strap the love of his life to the stretcher and haul him above ground.
Sam grabs a towel and strips down to his boxers. He climbs into the shower with the bathroom door still open — the room still needs to heat up. It’s easier to say to Dean from on the other side of the shower curtain, shouting over the spray: “I thought you said people were sheep who couldn’t think for themselves.”
He must drift off at some point, because the next time he looks up, Cas is sitting on the edge of his bed. Dean throws off the covers and lunges toward him.
“You have,” Cas pants against Dean’s mouth, hands sliding into his hair, “absolutely no sense of self-preservation.”
“You’re using your professor voice again. What, did there actually used to be a cat demon that ate peoples’ tongues?”
A skinny teen in a beanie sits next to Sam on the carpeted dias steps. His legs are so long they tilt at an acute angle. “Is your brother bad news?”
“You’re better than that,” says a female voice behind him. Castiel jumps. His brain was latched on an image of skin, hands, movement. “Has neither of the boys taught you to make coffee? How do any of you survive?”
He works his way through every Dean in that room. Leaves his mark on each and every one, until a trail of frustrated faces loom behind him. Meticulously. Scientifically. A hypothesis isn’t proven until it’s 100% accurate.
He kills Dean a thousand times. An even set. Naomi was big on Fibonacci, on the golden ratio, on matched sets. It’s why she never threw fake Sam at him.
“That,” Castiel says primly, skipping his remaining tile over a couple red ones — just to keep his dignity while he covertly watches the Dean reading comics: so intent on the storyline that his brow has furrowed — “has never been true.”
Something like a live wire travels up Castiel’s spine and through his limbs, sparking at the edge of his fingers.
Cas is staring at Dean insistently. He looks young and soft beneath the white scrubs of the sanitarium. His usual trench coat engulfs him. Without the suit, he doesn’t look anything like the angry god that slaughtered a hundred angels above and hundreds more humans below.
“He’s a good guy,” Sam adds, hoping he’s right. And if this guy’s sister is a good Catholic girl, surely she wouldn’t be letting Dean get her into
Anyway, it doesn’t matter now. He fucked Cas and then threw him out of the bunker. As a helpless human. He wham-bam-thank-you-ma’amed the only person (who’s not even really a person!) he ever cared about enough to drop his I’m-So-Normal act around. And now he can’t even find Cas and beg him to come back, because Gadreel is holding his baby brother hostage.
Castiel hums. He consented to put on a shirt, but he refused to part with his favorite plaid pajama pants; the ones that are worn so thin they’re practically a second skin. He lets his fingers drift through the foliage. A line of welts immediately raises upon the back of his hand. That’s what he gets for leaving bed.
“Let me worry about that,” says Dean. He slides the chain off the door, wheels in his head clearly turning. “And we’re getting you a
He’s hooked up to a bevy of wires and beeping machines. With the hollows under his eyes, he looks more like the things he hunts than a hunter. Castiel wants to feel remorseful for this young man who’s just had a cardiac event, even though really, he isn’t that young anymore for one of his species; but Castiel knows instinctively this was not the cause.
Sam doesn’t know what to think. Homosexuality’s a sin, obviously, but so is murder and his dad and Dean do that all the time. Sam’s always justified this as a loophole, seeing as they’re stopping
He retreats to his bedroom. Closes the door, locks it, climbs back into bed fully dressed. He’s exhausted again. He never suspected, when he used to gaze down at Earth, that most fatigue was mental instead of physical. He saw humans’ frail bodies collapsing onto the ground of hunger, injury, dehydration — but he never considered heartbreak as a viable factor.
Dean blinks. He coughs. He lets his gaze wander across the endless versions of himself spread across the unending edges of space. He’s still in his hospital gown, which is— interesting.
He turns onto his back. Stares at the peaked ceiling of the steeple. His chest is cold where Cas’ hand used to be.
Castiel asks, “Is beauty often equated to sleep in human culture? Or are you calling me pretty out of personal preference?”
lets them both know that he’s speaking from a place of childhood. He’s parroting John Winchester, the most repressed hedonite since John Calvin.
The floor crumbling beneath his shoes. Castiel tries to grab onto Dean, but Dean has already fallen into the negative space yawning beneath them. Their hands brush, then he’s gone,
It’s an endless place, but Castiel only ever visits one room: a vast empty blank space, like an airplane hangar or warehouse or unpainted canvas. There are no furnishings.
“Not as much as we used to,” Castiel admits. This is shameful to voice, even to a facsimile. “I think you’re uncomfortable around me, now that I’m losing my grace. Or perhaps I’ve always made you uncomfortable, but it’s exacerbated now that we’re living under the same roof. I imagine it can’t be easy for you — me barging into you and Sam’s life. I know how protective you are of each other.” When Dean doesn’t answer, he adds, softly, “I would be too.”
“I think most people would objectively describe you as pretty,” Castiel tells him, despite the myriad warning signs, i.e. the furrowing of Dean’s brow and the concerned glances toward the woman two machines over.
“Man, I’m not confessing shit,” says Dean. But the cute girl in a skirt and turtleneck across the room keeps looking over. Sam watches him disappear into the confessional booth not long after; he doubts it’s to meet a priest.
Dean hasn’t been sleeping long. His body’s been healed (by Cas) after being beat to a pulp (by Cas), but adrenaline is still thrumming under his skin. They’re catching a couple hours rest before going after the final piece of the trials puzzle. Kevin is curled up in a loveseat under five blankets, streaming a cooking show on Sam’s tablet and glaring when Dean tries to wrench it out of his hands. Sam is fighting off a fever in bed and pretending he’s fine. They’re all just so
Castiel finishes loading the washer alone. He spills detergent on his trench coat, feeling righteously pitiful, and sulks the whole way home when Dean doesn’t notice.
Now it’s Castiel’s turn to pretend to study the board. He rests a hand on his one remaining piece. It’s poised between two threatening pieces: trapped. Alone.
think about getting behind it. Metaphorically speaking, of course. Dean’s legally dead. Cas legally doesn’t exist. Their bunker is legally unfindable. But if Han Solo wanted to hang out in the Millenium Falcon with Luke and Chewie forever—
They watch themselves move together; more frantic now, less controlled, any awkwardness or self awareness overridden by innate desire.
Castiel drifts. He spends most of his waking days not awake. Mornings are spent lazing in bed, emerging for food in the afternoon, returning to doze until evening, when he dutifully fulfills a twilight walk with Sam, who insists on exercise for regularity (and also a break from, in his words, “the biggest fucking mother hen on this side of the Mason-Dixon”), and then back to bed. The stillness of his room and its unadorned walls calms the pounding of his heart that never seems to slow lately. The white sheets match the white walls match the white room with a thousand Deans match the white light that creeps under his closed door to cast a barrier of light between sleeping and waking much like the threshold between heaven and other celestial realms.
He thinks about himself at twenty: hooking up with a guy out back behind a bar, deliberately sloshed as a defensible alibi and/or so he won’t be able to remember it after.
Their other selves are slowing: Dean’s hand sliding up Castiel’s shoulder, Castiel’s hand branded across the small of Dean’s back.
Castiel slips out to the garden as coffee brews. Hands propped on knees, watching the honeybees hover over the tall grass until his gaze slides out of focus. He mentally revises the catalogue of human idiosyncrasies in his mind.
Sam comes all over the guy’s hand, who huffs into Sam’s mouth, rubbing desperately against him for friction. Sam helps the poor guy out, and wraps a hand around his cock. It barely takes two pumps before he’s coming too — all over Sam’s shirt.
Castiel doesn’t have to ask Dean why. He knows why: he is a coward. The idea of Dean waking up with this dream still fresh in his mind while Castiel walks into the kitchen blithely unaware is too much to handle.
The Dean standing beside him tosses popcorn into his mouth. A few Deans a couple feet away lounge on a couch and cheer, as if they’re at a sporting event. The couch is also new. Castiel doesn’t want to consider the implications of this world evolving. “You mean another Cas showing up? Nah, that’s standard.”
“You’re fine,” the nurse says. “You just need to keep physical exertion to a minimum.” With a finger jabbed in Castiel’s direction: “That means
Castiel opens the door. The bickering stops; the Winchesters’ eyes dropping to Castiel’s only piece of clothing: threadbare boxers. Sam grimaces and looks away. Dean’s face tightens, a flush spreading across his cheekbones.
He takes his time selecting a Dean today. These are not reimagined Deans, but rather reanimated. He brought every single slaughtered one back to life, patched their unique wounds, healed their collective hurts. Castiel passes one with a scar across his eyebrow, running his fingers lightly across this Dean’s forehead. Lingers over one that’s sleeping, curled up on the floor, comes to stop in front of one that’s playing cards with himself. Solitaire. Not even a simple cooperative game like War.
He reaches the end of the warehouse. There’s a door in the wall that wasn’t here before. Castiel leans against it, resting his forehead against the cool metal.
This boggles Castiel’s mind long enough that he stares at the fucked Dean’s mouth — gasping, panting, a trickle of sweat sliding down his neck that other Castiel licks off — longer than he should.
Castiel says, “Shut up,” which is a human response Dean taught him the day they met: which is to say, winning the argument while admitting nothing at all.
Castiel breaks the kiss roughly. Dean stares at him, glass green gaze wide, lips parted, cheeks flushed.
“You Winchesters,” says Castiel, no longer an angel but offended on behalf of his brethren. “Absolutely no respect.”
“You keep eye-fucking that girl like that,” says Sam, “and you’ll really have something to confess later.”
Cas shakes his head. He’s got that melancholy hangdog look on. “Humans built churches for  their benefit. Few angels have ever visited.”
“I thought you weren’t supposed to use the word ‘pretty’ for men,” Castiel snipes, because this is his dream and he can be as petty as he wants.
“I dunno, man, one day you should probably tell me all this above ground. Got some good nuggets squirreled away.”
Dean snorts again, but this time with a flush staining his cheeks. The laundromat has no air conditioning, and the fan seems more ornamental than effective.
He puts Dean to his feet. He has to leave — now — if he is to save the real Dean from the heart attack he is currently having. But he can’t use his energy to both
Cas’ hand comes to rest atop Dean’s ribcage: the enochian warding etched on them warming, as if activating, in the presence of its author. “I didn’t listen to all,” he admits, “for there are too many people praying at one time. But I was more… attuned to yours.”
an upgrade from furtively taking a fifteen minute shower instead of the John-ordained five, emerging to knowing looks from Dean and a guilt complex wide as a semi-truck from John.
“After all,” Cas continues, blithely skipping pieces across the board, unaware that Dean is having a fucking heart attack or something across the table, “union between humans is commanded by God. Perhaps at the basest level, I was fulfilling my path as a human.”
Dean does notice. He caws about it for the rest of the night and into the morning once the storm’s passed, badgering Sam about the roster of eligible young women that were in the church all night as they make the crossing of the frozen street, sun-blind in the snow’s glare, toward the motel.
The only thing Dean insists upon is Sunday school every week. The nearest church to whatever motel or squat they’re inhabiting — come hell or high water, Sam is in that sanctuary at 11am. When he was younger, Sam thought Dean was concerned about their immortal souls and all the killing they did week after week. They aren’t Catholic, so they don’t confess these obvious sins every week. But now that Dean’s in high school and going on hunts with John besides, he spends most of the service snoring with his head cradled against the pew.
,” Sam says, but as he watches Dean effortlessly charm mothers in the fellowship hall later, laden down with extra cookies and pie to bring back, Sam wonders if Dean is right. Once John deems him old enough to accompany them on hunts, Sam understands the value in being able to speak confidently to law enforcement, to pastors, to think on his feet and smile politely.
Dean thinks about himself at thirteen: watching a muscular man jog down the street; averting his gaze before his dad sees him looking.
“Sam says you’re not sleeping,” Castiel tells dream Dean the next time he returns to the hangar — that evening? the next morning? — time blurs when most of it is spent in a state of non-being.
Time goes fuzzy again then. Castiel experiences tunnel vision, truly, for the first time since his brief foray into deism. It isn’t until he’s buried inside Dean, feeling each and every nerve ending for the first time since he inhabited this vessel, that he looks up. He catches a glimpse of himself across the hangar — standing with a flannel-clad Dean who’s eating popcorn. The look on his face is— something Castiel’s been wrestling with internally all these months.
“Yes,” says Cas, “because of your crush on the fireman who carried you and Sam out of your burning house.”
, wrote a scrawny Irish poet who Castiel once shielded from censure. The phrase resonated with him at the time, even though he couldn’t relate.
Castiel redirects Dean’s hand to a pale blue bottle instead. Their fingers brush. Dean, predictably, jerks away and tosses the bottle into the empty cart he insisted on taking because
His eye catches on a flash of light. From the raised mezzanine on the back wall; just big enough to fit an organ.
or other hippie-dippie bullshit when we’re trying to fit in. You can be yourself on your own time, Sam. But when we’re around others: we need to
His eyes drop automatically. He’s just the worst liar. Angels aren’t built for it. Dean wonders if Lucifer became so mutilated by forcing himself to lie over and over until he was unrecognizable.
“All right,” Sam says, as the meds kick in and Dean is visibly dropping off, “I’m gonna check out the cafeteria situation.” He punches Dean’s shoulder lightly, and takes off.
Dean presses his hand against Cas’ chest, where his eyeline fell. Cas’ skin is warm through the starchy layers of his dress shirt and suit jacket. Dean can’t feel a heartbeat. He never thought to wonder if Cas maintains his human vessel deliberately.
Dean shudders. He feels laid bare. This whole time, Cas could see everything. Cas could see Dean’s fantasies about him, the way that he looked back at Cas trapped in that ring of holy fire and wanted nothing more than to get his mouth on him. “You knew this whole time?” Dean’s having trouble breathing. His lungs don’t seem to be working. “Why didn’t you ever say anything?” A terrifying thought strikes him. “Unless you— you don’t feel—?”
“Okay.” Dean slams the washer lid. Castiel understands that this is a fatal misstep that will set him back weeks with Dean. The last time he’d accidentally offended him was in remarking that Johnny Cash embodied more traditionally feminine than masculine sensibilities in his lyrics and Dean refused to be alone in a room with him for a week. “
They don’t even need to break in. It’s one of those mega churches — large as a college campus, with 24/7 access and different wings. They walk confidently through the lobby, passing signs for BAPTISM ROOM and GROWTH MINISTRIES until they come across a tiny chapel. It’s tucked off to the side of a hall, across from a gym and an auditorium, where a basketball game and band rehearsal are happening, respectively. No one notices when they duck inside.
“That’s what you tell me.” Dean’s watching the tableau with arms crossed, legs splayed, seemingly unbothered, except for the telltale quickness of breath. “Every time you’re here, we have this same conversation. Or a variation of it.”
Dean meets Castiel’s gaze over the nurse’s head. Dark circles still smudge beneath his eyes, but the glass-green is brighter than usual. He doesn’t look away.
Dean is the only one in the kitchen. He is also recently showered: moisture clinging to the ends of his hair. Sam is nowhere to be seen, presumably on a run.
“Nothing.” With a quick glance upward, Dean presses a kiss to the corner of Castiel’s mouth. Tentative. Exploratory. “Think you’re officially human now.”
Sam pulls the curtain shut again. He closes his eyes under the spray. Dean turns on the sink to brush his teeth, momentarily shocking Sam out of his skin when the water turns hot-cold-hot.
“What’s happening?” Castiel asks. The Dean in front of him blinks, dazed. Castiel shakes his shoulder. “
The sun is already high in the horizon. He knows this by the heat settled low on the floor, just as he knows, instinctively, that Dean has already been up for hours, with Sam not far behind. It’s testament to how Castiel’s mind has been infiltrated by human superstition and custom that he feels shame about this. His body needed rest; there is nothing shameful about that. But there is no escaping the midwest sensibility of the Winchester brothers who grew up soaked in the Puritan flogging of John Winchester.
Something twists in Dean’s stomach. He pushes that aside until later, because they’ve got bigger worries now. “Listen man, I’m glad to see you, but first things first. You scared the hell out of me. What’s going on, are you on the run?”
Castiel flounders in the wake of Dean Winchester’s full attention. Perhaps it’s because he has such a short attention span: bouncing between seats, thoughts, gestures, expressions. Sam once set his stopwatch from the time Dean sat down at the table to the time it took him to change seats three times, turn the floor lamp off then on then off again, roll his sleeves, adjust his collar. Ten seconds. Castiel had whiplash from watching. He’s had a game of chess going with Anna wherein they each make a move every ten years. When Dean does focus his energy, it feels like the direct current between a star and its satellite.
The bunker has no windows nor daylight to stream in, but the kitchen feels lighter when Castiel walks in. Dean is leaning against the counter; dark circles under his eyes. He scrubs a hand down his face as Castiel approaches.
John’s been gone for a couple weeks now. They’ll be moving on soon, to a new state, new county, new school district, but it’s nearly summer vacation so it doesn’t matter.
Sam shrugs and leans into the kiss. It feels good; and it’s warming him up. And he’s pleased by the attention. Aside from Amy the kitsune, he’s never kissed anyone. He’s definitely never had someone else’s hand jerking him off roughly before, and isn’t
Castiel startles awake every morning to a rhythm as familiar as his own heartbeat: Dean clomping down the stairs, having snuck up quietly in consideration of the bunker’s other sleeping residents, and then doubling back for his keys, forgoing courtesy in his annoyance and haste.
This does not bother Castiel, because Dean is always grumpy in the morning. Eye contact is something he doesn’t expect until well after lunch. It’s an idiosyncrasy that Castiel catalogues away into the endless list of
Dean’s smile fades. He flicks a look up to Castiel. Green glinting between lashes. Because Castiel rebuilt this man, molecule by molecule, he is uniquely qualified to know they’re not real. Their color is slightly off: too saturated, too rounded. Heightened dream state. Dean moves his king back two spaces. “We talking much now?”
rolls off Dean’s tongue. He hides so easily behind a country-hick persona that when he forgets to don it, the real corners of his personality eek out with flourish. “You slap banged straight onto Earth’s surface and immediately latched onto me. Years later and I still can’t shake you.”
“You need to go outside. Don’t shake your head at me. I know it’s counterintuitive, but it’ll make you feel better. I promise. You gotta trust me on this, pal.” Dean tilts his head. Shadows from his lashes sweep across his cheeks beneath the single exposed bulb. “You trust me?”
Dean scowls. He turns over, slinging his arm across Cas’ body. He doesn’t like to let things go unreciprocated. Dean pays his debts. And he can feel how hard Cas is beneath his fancy businessman slacks. He’s dying to hear what kinds of noises Cas would make if— if Dean were to—
fight,” she whispers, to Castiel’s horror. As Dean tries to strangle himself with the bedsheets, she adds, “Super normal.”
“If I tell you about an angelic being taking a feline vessel to commit unspeakable acts, you’ll never speak to me again.”
Sam took to mean a casual game of hacky sack in the frozen basement, only marginally warmer than the snowy basketball court behind the sanctuary, but it is empty and private — which is how Sam discovers that
Dean drives Cas to the world’s most awkward date: to the house of his milf boss, who doesn’t know Cas used to be an angel, warrior of God. Dean considers not stopping. Considers running the four-way stop sign, speeding yellow lights to the nearest motel, and letting Cas fuck him into the mattress instead.
“That’s so— Dude, I don’t care about your porn habits! I mean, it’s a little weird that you watch yourself. Not that it’s all that different to jacking off.”
Dean slides an arm across Castiel’s shoulders, pulling him in tight. His mouth rests against Castiel’s neck: panting. He’s saying something under his breath, but Castiel can’t hear over the roaring in his ears. Dean says, shaking, hand branded across Castiel’s neck like the brand on his own shoulder:
Dean does a quick check for security cameras, then closes the doors. There’s only a few kneeling pews. One narrow stained glass window. A simplistic wood cross. It looks like the chapel in the hospital where Dean prayed open-call for any angels to save his brother.
He thinks about himself at seventeen: realizing Sammy may be the same kind of messed up as he is; yelling at him to keep a tight lid on any kind of homosexual revelations around their dad.
“In the meantime,” says Castiel, “there are one thousand four hundred churches in between here and Lebanon.”
“ ‘Handsome’ is for men that aren’t necessarily attractive, but have big arms and can like, chop wood,” the woman continues, smiling at Dean in a way that makes Castiel’s kidney hurt. “ ‘Pretty’ is attractive that no one can deny.”
“Hey, fuck off,” Dean says amiably. “You’re the one who stuck me in here with a thousand versions of myself.”
Sam sees the instant the light dawns. Dean’s head jerks over, eyes widening. His tongue swipes out to wet his chapped lips. Their breaths hover across the frozen parking lot. No one else is out.
Dean’s back hits the wall. He tilts his chin up for Castiel to nose at his neck. “My knees ain’t what they used to be,” Dean huffs, with a sharp intake of breath as Castiel’s bites down.
Castiel wakes unsettled. The tendrils of a dream claw at the edge of his memory; a flash of skin, the color blue, the sensation of photos flickering by in an album. He rubs his face and goes to shower. He has no need to, but it’s a human coping mechanism he’s come to appreciate lately.
He plants himself at the foot of Dean’s bed, ready to pontificate forever. Castiel has seen him do it. He holds out a hand for a cup of coffee. Sam says, “These are all for me.”
Dean arches his back. Cas’ hand slides cool against his skin since Dean is burning up. He grasps onto Cas’ wrist, in an inverted parody of hours earlier in the crypt of another church, and shudders as he comes faster than he ever has in his life. In truth, he’s been hard since he walked through the door.
Castiel doesn’t have a ton of experience in kissing comma human. He’s only kissed two people, excluding Dean. But he does have experience kissing thousands of iterations of Dean Winchesters, so he could reasonably claim to be an expert in kissing Dean.
He’s pretending to sleep in the driver’s seat when Cas re-emerges from the house not hours later. Disappointment reads all over his face, and hope blossoms in Dean’s chest.
Sam thinks Dean has no faith. He’s told him as much, over the years, like every time they’ve worked a case involving a priest or churchyard, or when Dean refuses to beg for Cas to pretty please shake his dumb ass back down to Earth.
“Necrophilia I think does rank slightly below non consensual relations.” Cas adds, at the look on Dean’s face, “But I did not have relations with her. Or if I had, they would have been consensual.”
The nurse hides a smile. She efficiently prods at wires and gadgets stuck onto various parts of Dean’s body, and beckons Castiel closer as she exits.
feelings, so he just assumes that this searing affection that suffuses him every time Cas so much as looks in his direction is forbidden. Wrong. Just as he knew, as a teenager in the nineties, that staring at another boy’s mouth was wrong. Just as he knew that lusting after a married mother of three was wrong. Just as he knew that trying on his girlfriend’s underwear during sex — and getting caught staring at a Victoria’s Secret catalog for too long a week later (not to ogle the models, but to picture how it would feel to pull on the lacy silky contraptions) — was wrong.
Castiel must make a face, because Dean makes one back. “Not like that, perv. Get your mind out of the gutter.”
He thinks of the great flood: all of Earth’s surface submerged beneath’s Chuck’s temper tantrum. He thinks of Dean living under the thumb of John’s core American heteronormative values.
Dean turns his head. The carpet is itchy under his cheek. An abandoned yo-yo is lodged beneath the bench in the corner. “Like an antenna?”
The same drawl. The same elongation of the middle vowel. Castiel had no opinion on his name until Dean Winchester put it into human speech. Now, his pulse reacts to it. Now, he cares about the way it sits on Dean’s tongue.
“If I were here before,” Castiel says, ants crawling under his skin, heat licking up his spine, “I would have remembered it.”
He leaves before the end: afraid that if he stays a moment longer, he’ll change his mind. He brushes a gentle hand across standing Dean’s neck as he leaves:
“No, it isn’t,” says Cas. He sounds exhausted. He looks exhausted. Dean reaches out to grab his shoulder, but he doesn’t feel solid. “Meet me here in ten minutes. We need to talk.”
A hospital, after all, is still a place of business. It takes Castiel twenty minutes to navigate the intricacies of the parking structure, the social rules of the reception desk, and the labyrinthine hallway system, but by the time he reaches room 3103, he wishes he had twenty more.
“I haven’t. I never did. Possibly a version of myself in the future does. But I swear to you that I have not.”
Castiel doesn’t go for physical purposes, though he’d be fibbing if he said he hasn’t considered it. He goes to talk — when the Dean Winchester on Earth won’t. When he clams up, emotions locked away in a tidy place where no one has access to poke around; least of all Castiel, who ranks just below Sam (blood ties) and Bobby (childhood ties) in terms of confiance. It frustrates him to witness Dean categorically refuse to put feelings into human language when he can do it so easily. It’s infinitely harder for Castiel to translate neurons and shared synapses across galaxies and centuries into
Dean huffs a laugh against Castiel’s shoulder. He wipes them off with his overshirt and then tosses it into the trash. He looks almost lewd standing there in just a t-shirt with teethmarks scattered across his neck, so Castiel slings his hoodie over Dean’s shoulders.
Dean smirks. Braces a hand on his knee as he stacks Castiel’s pieces into a tower. “Cat got your tongue?”
Dean by all accounts is a laid back parent. He lets Sam stay up as late as he wants until he falls asleep on the couch in his clothes. He lets Sam eat whatever, as long as it’s until he’s full, and he never punishes Sam except for when he backtalks John. He doesn’t even particularly care about Sam’s schooling record. As long as Sam gets on that bus every day, grades and progress reports are superfluous.
“The brunette right? It’s not the redhead, you barely talked to her. The brunette looks like a bookworm like you. Did you warm her up with famous quotes from old dead guys? C’mon, man, it’s my duty as a big brother to celebrate this moment with you. Did you pop
Dean’s eyes flutter closed as Castiel works his hand into Dean’s jeans. He slides them together, slowly, the spit from Dean’s mouth slick on his hand. Dean breathes, “I might anyway.”
It’s something Sam has never questioned. Just like he’s known since before he could speak that there were monsters out there, because his dad said so, he never doubted that there was a God and angels up there because his mom said so.
“And? You can work on your people skills for an hour a couple times a month. No skin off your nose.”
And he didn’t hate it! It was nice to have a family that wasn’t fraught by collective grief and rage. He’d liked teaching Ben about cars; about home repairs; about how to sweet talk nosy neighbors into minding their own business. Ben in turn taught Dean how to play video games, something he’d missed out on in childhood (due to lack of money) and adulthood (due to lack of money, and time, and home). He used to feel— not ashamed, but left behind maybe. People his age were married with children in houses with their names on the mortgage.
,” says Dean, perking up, a sunflower to the sun, moving to give Charlie a hug. “A little early for a drive by, isn’t it?”
His eyes are drifting shut. Castiel knows his window of opportunity is rapidly closing. Once Dean wakes up and the pain meds have worn off, that’ll be farewell to any hope of continuing the conversation. Which means at least three weeks of the silent treatment, and a possible repeat of homelessness on Castiel’s part. Dean Winchester does not tolerate feelings outside of shock, injury, or extreme fatigue.
“Hm?” Dean rubs his eyes. Slumps onto Castiel: not like a lover into an embrace, but a fading body dropping into water. “I think we’re dying.”
“Sure, man.” Dean sits down on the floor, back against the wall. The thin grey-blue carpet could belong to every church he ever dragged Sam to as a kid. “This is ballsy.”
And yet. He’s unprepared for the way his memory shorts out. His hands have moved, on their own, to clutch at Dean’s shoulders. His leg has wedged itself between Dean’s thighs. At some point they’ve moved to the ground, and Castiel’s trench coat and shirt have been flung away. His tie, he notices vaguely, is still around his neck, as if Dean lost patience and abandoned it in favor of opening Castiel’s pants.
A pounding at the door jostles him awake. Without direct sunlight, the bunker is like a tomb. Quiet. Introspective. Conducive for hibernation or comas. Gabriel once trapped Castiel in the tomb of terracotta soldiers as a joke for a couple hundred years.
The nurse walking in stops short. She holds up a bag of fluids and offers, “Y’all want to finish this conversation before I make you loopy?”
So who’s to say kissing this boy isn’t okay? Maybe Sam’s actually protecting this kid from getting the shit stomped out of him. Most guys who look like Sam wouldn’t be nearly so calm about the way he’s pressing Sam against the wall, dick hard against Sam’s thigh.
He pushes that thought away and leans against the railing. Dean can tell by the way Cas’ eyes are tracking the sightlines that he’s perturbed by the lack of windows. Once a warrior, always a warrior.
Baby sounds like anti aircraft starting up, so Dean borrows one of the bunker’s cars from the garage. A nondescript boxy 90s number that makes him look over his shoulder for John following behind. He finds the church Cas showed him not seven minutes away — a white clapboard with a steeple deal. He parks in the dirt lot out back beneath the cover of trees. The wind picks up as he walks to the back door, heavy with rain.
Dean says to him, on the way to Walmart during a thunderstorm, “C’mon Cas, don’t do this,” and Castiel crashes the Impala.
“Why do we bother coming if you sleep through the whole thing?” Sam asks, doodling sigils in the bulletin.
Cas jerks his chin. Dean follows his gaze to the left side of the bed, where Dean is curled up around his pillow, snoring.
Dean signs the form with a flourishing scrawl — his cursive D’s resemble J’s enough that so far no one has noticed that it’s a fifteen-year-old boy and not his dad signing Sam’s forms — and hauls Sam up by his collar. “C’mon. We’re going shopping.”
“I believe he thought he was doing it for your benefit.” Cas finishes the game, winning by a landslide. There’s that patented head tilt: the one that makes Dean feel like he’s under a microscope. “Is it not pleasurable?”
His heart already feels bruised as he reaches over to adjust the sleeves of Cas’ shirt. He hitches up a smile that feels like barbed wire. “Go get ’em, tiger.”
