Nimble fingers on obscenely tight buttons and, yes, there it was, that awful loose feeling in his belly, hot and trembling and Christ he was stiff as a poker, when did that happen. Hands over his dick to cover his modesty but Sherlock had already seen, the observant little shit. His toes curled in his socks as lovely moon pale skin hoved into view. Ooh, and those veins, pretty blue and snaking over stark tendons and firm muscles. Guh. Bugger, his shirt was damp, stupid breasts trickling milk like a bloody hose. Ow, and they were sensitive, too, hard as bloody nails and nipples aching and stiff. Stupid reaction to his stupid alpha which made no sense, really, as if a baby was going to appear in a puff of smoke or something.
"You fucking wanker. Where have you been?"
Sherlock was across the room and looming over him faster than John could say "unfairly long legs." Tall predatory detective all up in his space, now, and gosh did he smell good. Fingers brushed over the swell of his cheek and Sherlock stared at him with his glacier eyes.
John became aware of the swell of the knot pressing uncomfortably against his entrance just as a high, brittle cry spilled from Sherlock's throat. His flushed, damp face was twisted into an expression of exquisite agony, his eyes wide and wet.
Sherlock whipped off his scarf dramatically and flung it over the hook on the back of the door.
Mummy seemed delighted and John made himself as presentable as possible, kissed his children good morning, dressed them, set them out a hurried breakfast of eggs and toast, packed their bags, and waited for the car that arrived at eight thirty on the dot, carrying an impeccably dressed Mummy in mink and pink leather gloves.
Sherlock was still babbling on about nothing, shimmying out of his tight trousers and pants and there it was, oh god, work of art it was, all fat and hard and glistening. Bam, he was instantly wet. Moisture gathering in the seam of his arse and pooling in the hollow of his thighs, and yep, there goes the carpet. Sherlock looked at him, all naked lust, face flushed and stammering, there we go, surprised him, the prick.
On a completely unrelated note, funding for said state institution may or may not mysteriously increase exponentially within the next year. Several teachers may also find themselves out of a job and stealthily replaced by educators uprooted from their high paying jobs in Germany and Switzerland. Nothing suspicious about it, of course- nothing that could be tantamount to meddling, no siree. Just like there most certainly were not any security cameras in the flat or Molly's apartment or Mrs Hudson's or anywhere else the children might chance to venture.
And Hamish punched him in the face.
The detectives eyes were flickering all over John’s face. They gathered up as much information as they could. Or at least as much as they wanted to.
“We’re not doing this now.” Sherlock bit back. “If you’re not gonna go then I will.” Sherlock took a step on the lake. John grabbed his arm and pulled him back. He made an exasperated noise.
“John. Shut up.” Sherlock replied
“Mnh-“
Sherlock caught up to John at the end of a dead end street. He hadn’t known it was a one way road. He wasn’t really thinking. Right now he was crouched in front of a brick wall, pounding his fist into it as if he could break through it. His eyes were screwed shut and he seemed not to hear anything. Not even Sherlock calling out to him.
“Mm?” The doctor's eyes had closed again. There was a dull but thudding pain beating against the bruises on his face.
John heard the sound of a few texts being sent. Distantly he thought how stupid these three were. Sherlock would track the phone’s location in an instant.
Until suddenly, he wasn’t. Something had happened that he couldn’t make out. His vision was going gray. He couldn’t see the two pairs of hands grabbing onto him. He barely felt the tug of ice that cut his skin as he was lifted, lifted, lifted out of the water.
“You sew don’t ya?”
Frank pushed at the side of John’s head and made him stay there. He tilted John’s chin up a bit as if he were a prize he had won.
John’s eye was fluttering. “-erts.” He murmured. The ambulance came to a screeching stop at the end of the alley. The two men could hear familiar voices bossing each other around and pushing through. Lestrade ran down the alley and stopped dead a foot away from Sherlock and John.
Sherlock sighed and pressed his head in the crook of John’s neck dramatically. John pressed a hand to Sherlock hair and carded his fingers through it gently.
“Some things are better left alone.” He murmured.
“Get me some water and a pain killer?”
“Would you rather him die and have us get fuck all out of this?”
John was trembling slightly. His hands were balled up into fists at his side. There was a dusting of red against his knuckles and Sherlock deduced with a brief moment of pride that John had managed to land a few hits on his attacker before being overcome. The doctors breath was ragged, his chest rising up and hitching a few times before falling.
They made him spend a horribly long time in the hospital. The only reason they had gotten out even a day earlier than planned was because of Mycroft pulling whatever strings he could for the pair. Sherlock had stayed with John the entire time.
John had seized the lapels of his old man’s jacket and threw him onto the rocks in front of him. The rocks were acting as a shore to the sea. It was more like a cliff dive straight down into the bay. Especially for an older man. John was ready to throttle him to death before Hamish started laughing. It was a wheezing sort of laugh, probably from the fall, that spat out of him cruelly. John’s rage turned into confusion.
“Impossible.” Sherlock replied. He could just barely tell that Sherlock’s teeth were shaking a bit.
John turned his head and looked at his father. “Twenty five,” came his reply.
“He’s got blood on his face.” John murmured.
Sherlock sat looking at John. He looked endearing with his hair all messed up like it was now. He liked when John’s hair was messy because it rarely ever was. Old habits die hard Sherlock guessed. Maybe he could get John to mess it up more. And grow out his beard…
“The first being?”
“But all the evidence points to the victims committing the act.”
“I know. I know. Lestrade’s getting help right now. He’s just called an ambulance. He’s getting the blankets from the car.” Sherlock shifted. “Stay with me, John.”
“Jesus, you must have fucked up.” He reached for Sherlock’s hand. Not really understanding the situation. Sherlock shook his head.
“Fuck, Bobby. You sure made gruesome work of that eye didn’t you?”
“Passenger seat.” Replied the detective. “Doesn’t look happy.”
Sherlock kissed him. John made a startled noise and had to hold onto the sink for balance. Sherlock pecked him on the lips as soon as that kiss was over. John chuckled, his cheeks were dusted a bit at the surprise.
“No, no, no, John. Wake up. Wake up right now don’t do this.”
John swallowed thickly and looked up at Sherlock. God it would be a miracle if John could see anything right now. Sherlock was making small noises to John’s grunts and moans. The smaller man struggled to breath, his nose rasping in sharp and audible breaths.
“Let’s not get carried away.” Sherlock said seriously. He grinned a little when John looked at him. They called a cab. Their hands were interlocked and John had not moved an inch away from Sherlock’s side. On the car ride home John felt exhaustion creeping over him. Sherlock wordlessly bumped the mans shoulder. John was asleep on him soon after.
John shivered constantly. His purple lips trembled. “M... m sorry I yelled at you.” He stammered out. Sherlock looked down at him.
“Git.” John shoved back, pointing in Sherlock’s line of sight. “It’s sitting right there by that gate.”
“How do you always make mine perfectly then?” Sherlock snaked his hand back down and was now gently holding John’s bloodied hand. He turned it over softly with his gloved fingers and pressed a kiss to his palm wordlessly. John blinked up at him, eyes welling with emotions he could not explain.
The army doctor took a couple steps out onto the ice. It was covered in snow and seemed thick enough. It gave an ominous crack under his feet, but other than that it seemed sturdy enough at least for him.
“What?”
Together they undid John’s zip ties. Once he was freed from the position Sherlock pressed a hand on John’s chest. The doctor slumped forwards and let out a moan as his shoulders creaked and groaned back into their normal resting position. He felt another pair of hands on him helping his arms down as Sherlock slowly convinced John’s body to turn around.
“Hey, Sherlock.” John said, standing himself back up. “Glad you could make it.” He sniffed and staggered for just a moment before righting himself. “I got stuck on that side at first too. You gotta go all the way around the-“
John was gasping, his body screaming at him as two voices spoke and wrapped him up in something. The shaking started as soon as he was lowered back to the ground. Except it wasn’t the ground. What was he leaning on?
“You’re sitting right here with me.” Sherlock continued, adjusting how he was crouching. He sat back down on the ground fully. John unconsciously did the same. “You thought you were defending yourself.” Sherlock said a little softer than before. He wasn’t sure who he was saying this to.
“John, love...” He tried to sound as reassuring as he could. “Love, please.”
“Theyre scared of our subjects.” Replied Sherlock cooly.
Frank, still holding John’s head back, groaned.
Finn had scooped himself up and rammed into John. John had just a moment to brace himself before he collided once again with the wall. “Wish you two would leave me alone.” Finn grit his teeth. John was pushing back against him and giving him one hell of a time.
“I live here now, son.” The general replied. Christ, Sherlock thought Mycroft and him were bad. He’d take bickering over this competition to see who could be the most passive aggressive.“Didn’t Harry tell you?”
“Feel free to keep the accent if you want.” Sherlock whispered in his ear. John chuckled a little.
John fell back into gray.
John was kicked off of the criminal (a guy in his mid thirties charged with over twenty assault cases towards gay men, women and persons on the nonbinary spectrum) and collided with the brick wall of the alley. He grunted slightly and wiped the blood off his nose. John flicked his eyes to the side and saw Sherlock behind the chainlink fence. Finn Thompson (said criminal) was clutching his chest and breathing hard.
Lestrade raised his eyebrows. “You agreeing with me?”
This one is a little self indulgent for me personally. I guess these all are in a way but you know
“Yeah? Any good at it?” They never got to just sit down with Greg. John always liked the guy. He had offered to get him a pint once and a while but... well, it never happened.
John was laying in their hotel bed. He wasn’t sleeping. His eyes were closed but Sherlock suspected he was just resting as his thoughts stormed in between his eyes. John had a dark red mark across the bridge of his nose. It spread like a watercolor of purple under his eyes and just slightly above them. The old man may not have looked like a threat, but act like one he did.
“Sh-“ John’s teeth chattered violently and he pressed his lips together again. His eyes squeezed shut and he moaned, shaking with pain.
But yeah as always thanks for readin
“Hm?” John hummed lazily.
John stared at it as if it were a foreign expression to him. He looked at the hand and back up at who it belonged to.
“Huh.” Hamish shook his head, his tongue pressing to the side of his face as his hand lowered and reached out towards John.
John gasped, except no air came to his lungs. His eyes slammed open. He was being pulled under water. He couldn’t breath. Holy shit he couldn’t breath it was so cold what-
“Think we should give you a nickname for those scars.” Sherlock bit behind John’s ear, a spot that always made the shorter man squirm.
John’s head lolled and his eyes tried to open. He could only see a blurry outline of the two kneeling in front of him.
“Skiing requires a lot of skill.” Sherlock mumbled.
John hummed in the back of his throat. He felt himself start to drift away again. Slowly he started seeping through the floor.
“John-” Sherlock tried to warn gently. He sat up a bit straighter.
“John? John can you... can you hear me?” His voice was shaking. He pressed two fingers to the side of John’s neck and found a slow, thudding, pulse. Sherlock cursed shakily.
John grunted and flinched backwards.
“Christ Sherlock, I haven’t seen you this nervous since-”
Before anyone could do anything to react, John was moving again. He grabbed the gingers ankle and pulled, knocking the other off balance. Both men were the same height and had a similar build, but John had a few pounds on the other and strength hidden underneath all those layers. Sherlock and Lestrade were both one step onto the lake as the two men on the other side struggled. They both knew John could handle himself in a fight. That was really the only thing holding Sherlock back from sprinting across the lake. That and the danger of falling into it.
“Yeah.” John nodded. “‘S a hobby, really.”
“She gets confused, you know? She thinks every man she sees is her old man.” The father was trying to laugh and John pushed him down on the ground to sit and wait for the cops to show up. “You know kids. They’re stupid! She just wanted a little bit of attention.”
Sherlock and the paramedic exchanged a look before Sherlock was right back to where he was.
Maybe that’s what made him an ok person. That he could reflect like this. He didn’t really believe it. His dad used to apologize after yelling, hadn’t he? But that didn’t make it stop.
“See! You are just like yer Da!” Hamish smiled at his son.
“At lease it was quiet.” Hamish sighed a deep breath in through his nose as he closed his eyes to the morning air. “I suppose that’s why you’re here isn’t it?” His eyes finally graced Sherlock with their presence.
“Oh, sod off.” John sighed, giving Sherlock a light shove to his back before shifting in the snow a little. “I’ve no experience with snow sports, really. Is it harder to ski? I always thought maybe balancing would be-“
“He planted evidence after killing them himself.” Sherlock leant back with steepled fingers. “The thing that interests me the most is these two victims were seemingly random. It doesn’t make sense why-“
“It’s alright though,” Steve dropped John’s head and the doctor slumped back downward. “He’ll see soon enough.”
John had his hands up and was talking to the smaller guy. The two on the opposite side couldn’t make out what either were saying. This wasn’t supposed to happen. This wasn’t supposed to happen.
Hamish had a stocky build. His features were sunken into his face and right now even Sherlock thought he was scary. All the men listened as Hamish spoke. Some looked down at their feet. Others away from the scene itself. When he was done talking he nodded his head. The rest of the blokes murmured something in reply or nodded back. They were silent after.
Oh right: He was bleeding out onto a tile in a bathroom/regular room. He had gotten cheeky with the guy in charge of his kidnapping and pushed one too many buttons. Turned out for lucky old John the guy had a temper.
“F’n kill...he-“ John’s tongue pressed against his lip. He struggled, his body starting to shake with effort. “He-He kill him.” John slurred out. Tears were falling down his face now. “Ah-ah- ow.” He whimpered as they pushed themselves down his blood covered cheeks.
“Sorry, Dr. Watson.” Bobby looked down and grabbed a different needle. “S your fault, really...” he threaded the string through the loop, “If you had just kept your mouth shut.” He trailed off after knotting the first end of the string.
But there he was working his jaw listening to a psycho tell Sherlock that he hadn’t seen the issue of leaving his four year old home alone. There he was telling Sherlock not to invite him no matter how interesting the case was. There he was coming anyway because Sherlock was putting himself in danger again. There he was putting the pieces together with Sherlock that the father had been a murderer all along and all they had to do was listen to the little four year old. There he was in the backyard watching a little girl play alone while a social worker texted on their cell phone. There he was chasing after the father in an alleyway.
“Sh-shock... h-hyp-“ John was chattering.
“Yes, well...Was wondering where you went.” He sat down next to John.
Sherlock heard running. He ran after him. The detective would say he was giving John space to breath by not following him immediately. Truthfully he was frightened. He almost never saw John this angry. The worst part was he had been ignoring it for a week and a half.
“Hold this.” John commanded. He shoved his overcoat into Sherlock’s arms.
Hamish Watson.
Lestrade and Sherlock watched from the edge. The detective was still holding John’s jacket the same way the doctor had given it to him.
“Take pictures.” Sherlock hissed. John waved his hand at him and produced his mobile from his pocket to reassure the man.
“You are constantly proving to me how remarkable you are.” Sherlock smiled very faintly. “I get to learn so much about you.” The detective kissed the doctor again. It was slow and paced and intimate. John’s eyelashes fluttered.
“I- I know, John. God, i’m so sorry. I’m so, so sorry.” Sherlock bent forward and pressed his forehead against John’s. “It’s gonna be okay now.” He whispered.
He looked up to see a face.
“Stop it, Frank.” Bobby was rummaging around in a tool box on the ground next to him. “I’m gonna fix it. I’m gonna fix it.”
“Is it okay if I touch you?”
Sherlock nodded his head on John’s neck.
Sherlock sat in silence. His eyebrows were raised and his mouth was still slightly open as if he were to finish his sentence. He closed it. Hamish. Sherlock scooted his chair back and leaned on it until he could see out the window that looked towards the terrace.
Bobby’s hands were shaking. John stared at him, his vision wavering, and pleaded silently. The kid took a deep breath and shook his head.
John stiffened. A muscle in his jaw almost popped. Sherlock was pacing and texting on his phone not paying attention and muttering to himself. John looked at the idiot on the ground.
“Holy shit.” He breathed out, his lungs pulling inwards sharply.
“Anyways, I’m retired now. I live here. ‘S quiet and I can be of some use here. I help out at the docks when they need me.” He was rambling a little and looking around himself and out to the sea.
Sherlock was texting and looking down. “Mòrag Harbor. About a mile away from-“
“Stop that.” Sherlock said as he watched a sailboat pass.
“It has a lot to do with my refusal.” John was cleaning out a beaker. He raised it above his shoulder so Sherlock could see it. “What was in this? Does it need to be disinfected a certain way?”
“Shut up!” John screamed. “You haven’t stopped talking for one fucking second!” He had stood and kicked the man in the side when he cursed. John was flexing and unflexing his hands now. He paced around for three steps before turning and walking away. He didn’t even look at Sherlock. He was shaking his head and scrubbing his hands through his hair wildly. He took two steps before his left leg made an awkward movement. John limped the rest of the way down the alley. At the end of it he slammed his hand against a dumpster. The noise it made screamed into the night like an explosion. It barely phased him as he rounded the corner.
“Shut up.” John ground out. His hands were clenched.
Steve came over and crouched down in front of them. He pushed Bobby out of the way and the young kid peered over the big guys shoulder as Steve produced a cell phone and turned it sideways. They looked like parents taking a school picture.
Then there was this:
A different shot rang out in the air. Someone had fired a shotgun up into the night sky. It took John two seconds to recognize the body throwing itself over the fence and down the hill before the doctor picked himself up and ran back across the lake. The larger Perry twin was tumbling through the snow to get to his brother. He reloaded his shot gun as he went.
The three men were sitting at the top of a hill looking out to a frozen lake. On the other side of said lake was a cabin. Inside the cabin lived two suspects. Two suspects attached to a string of missing person cases. They had followed them from London to the Irish countryside. It was snowing. Normally Sherlock wouldn’t invite the detective inspector to one of these but the man insisted that if they were going to make a move that he come with them. John agreed that it’d be better to have three on two if things went to hell.
John huffed. “Well i’m not gonna- wait.” He sat up. Sherlock and Lestrade turned at the same time. “Hey, that’s their truck.” John said quietly.
He must have looked it though because Steve was laughing at him. He pressed on his phone again and stood up. Steve was taking a video.
“Aye Hamish. Make sure ye bring it back this-“
He’s all “Yeah, yeah, of course babe” and “Whatever you want love” and “Gosh you’re brilliant. I ever tell you that?” when he’s wine drunk so of course he said he’d come. Sherlock played innocent. It wasn’t his fault they had bought two bottles of John’s favorite.
“Oh, Lestrade, don’t make me regret letting you come along.”
“Yes. An unusual way to commit suicide, I agree.”
“Well fuck, Steve, it aint Bobby’s fault you beat the shit out of the guy with all yer rings on.”
Sherlock and John were working together on a lot of things in their relationship. They were pretty broken people if you looked at all of the pieces of themselves strewn across the floor (that was in this case their bodies). They couldn’t fix each other. But they could be part of the team that helped clean up the mess. Someones got to pick up these pieces around here.
“Those stitches are fragile, Frank. They gotta hold until we’re finished with all this.” Bobby was on one knee. He picked up something rigid and dark red off the ground. He made a small gagging noise. “Oh fuck that’s disgusting.” He complained.
Bobby pushed his fingers into John’s hair and shoved him back straight and still against the wall. John blacked out when the needle was pushed through his cheek.
There were three texts and a couple of missed calls on his mobile. One text from Dimmock reminding him they were supposed to be meeting up for drinks sometime, preferably soon since Dimmock didn’t think he’d make it into the second week; one from Greg telling him where to meet after the game; and the last from Sherlock. Of all of them it was the shortest. Just two words and his initials, abrupt and straight to the point;
Sherlock just smiled slightly, his gaze still on the screen.
The world shifted again, the jagged pieces leaping into the air, spinning around before falling back to create a new picture.
A smile. "Oh. Aye. Born and bred, as ye might say."
The final note still vibrating, he pulled the instrument away, slowly lowering it back to the case. Despite his fingers being unused to the particular instrument and a little out of practice in general, it had still managed to sound rich and magical.
“Good?”
“… forehand Watson, Holmes forehand slice, Watson runs forward, but there’s no way he was going to get that one.”
“We definitely can’t rule out the all-out attack. Holmes must know what Watson’s weaknesses are, and he’s a player that’s all about precision. He’ll hunt for the cracks in Watson’s armour and slip the knife right in, then he’ll wiggle it about until, bang, he’s pried Watson’s game apart and he’s ready for the kill.
Sherlock’s match had been one of the earlier ones, the one p.m. match on Louis Armstrong. Perfect timing for both sides of the Atlantic: early afternoon for the Americans, early evening for the French. John’s match, in contrast, had been the third on the Grandstand, delayed slightly by the first match running to five sets, which meant his hadn’t even started by the time Sherlock was cooling down in the showers. Meeting back at the hotel had been the only sensible option. Sherlock wasn’t one known for socialising with other players or associates, and they had no wish to draw any unnecessary attention to themselves by having Sherlock waiting around needlessly. They were known to be friends and doubles partners, as unlikely a pairing as the rest of the world believed them to be, but anything more than that was quite frankly none of anybody else’s business.
“He’s not going to stop at a postcard.”
Mycroft in Hong Kong: Britain had sovereignty over Hong Kong until 1st July 1997 when it was officially transferred to the People’s Republic of China, marking the end of 156 years of British colonial rule. It was a massive diplomatic undertaking, and the handover effectively represented the end of the British Empire.
Just a hot drink. Perfectly normal.
"And you look terrible."
Sherlock gave a slow nod to confirm they were both on the same page. "You asked for seven days and the chance to persuade me to become intimate with you," he said.
version of the story out of her, but I don’t think you would be able to differentiate the facts from the fabrications. You would never know how much she told you was the truth.”
"Okay," he said after a moment.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Once. I did that once. Are you ever going to let me live that down?”
“La petite mort,” Sherlock murmured, all the while his hand continuing its movement.
The doctor drove carefully but leisurely, at times tapping his fingers on the steering wheel as if to a melody only he heard. Other than the odd observation to do with their surroundings, they didn't speak.
Bloody hell that had been exhausting.
you. For sex.
"Yes."
The river joyfully exited the wood with a bright twinkle before racing away downwards, breaking into a series of mini waterfalls as it went. At its end, sweeping outward in a silver shimmer lay a loch, enticing and still in the afternoon sunshine. Near one edge, grey and dull, rose the walls and towers of a former stronghold.
It was the gentle touch of a cloth that finally roused him, and he opened his eyes to find himself tucked carefully back away and the doctor wiping his hand on a small towel. It was then that the realisation of what they had just done, what
Game - Chess (again), because having reached the endgame stage (the stage where there are few pieces left on the board), John gets Sherlock in both check and mate.
Not that type of man. Just like he had said.
"Nope."
him? Trust
Trading laws in Britain: the Sunday Trading Act came into force in 1994 allowing previously barred shops to open on a Sunday, although larger shops can only open for a maximum of six hours. Like a lot of UK laws, this only applied to England and Wales since Scotland already had its own laws which allowed shops to open on a Sunday.
High praise indeed.
"No," he repeated, cutting the doctor off as he looked down at the weapon in his hand. "No, I will not simply hand back the means to your own destruction."
"Sherlock?"
It was farther than it looked, the ground often sinking away beneath his feet despite his best efforts otherwise. Another hour ticked away and the sun hung heavy in the sky.
Fuck him to hell.
"Then as you got older, the insults became more creative. They picked on your unusual name. They picked on your family. They picked on your interests.
"Your first name," Sherlock clarified. "I only know you as Doctor Watson."
It was a relief to realise that the wood wasn't endless. Throwing up a hand to protect his eyes from the sudden influx of light, he finally broke the tree line and stared silently down at the sweeping valley below.
Nothing made any sense.
famous actress who had once graced the magazine covers and tabloid pages on the arm of John’s current boyfriend, ever the dashing couple. The actress and the sports star. No, he wasn’t jealous. Of course he wasn’t. He really wasn’t jealous because he knew that Sherlock and Irene had been nothing more than lies and sleight of hand, while he and Sherlock were very real.
“I’m going to be playing tennis,” he reminded her.
Suddenly weary, Sherlock sank down on a nearby rock, shucking his bag from his shoulders. He ate his sandwiches in silence, staring down into the valley. The breeze bit coolly into his cheeks despite his turned up collar. For a moment he wished he had brought the silly looking hat he had found with the coats. As ridiculous as he would have looked, the ear flaps would have added some protection from the elements.
“So, I’m guessing they asked, right?”
"Keep them if you like," the doctor said, following his gaze. "You can add them to the fire when we get back."
He was having fun.
A light run of the doctor's tongue against his lips and then the kiss was broken, the doctor stepping in so they were dancing closer together, bodies pressing together.
The trousers and pants were the first things to go, and other than using his hands and lifting his hips to help, the doctor made no other direct movement. Even when their kisses started to become more heated, when it was clear the doctor wanted more, he made no move, just let Sherlock continue to explore his own way in his own time.
The Arthur Ashe Stadium at the US was a whole different kettle of fish.
’ and hit send before returning his mobile quickly to his locker. “Sorry,” he said as he hurried back to the door. “Ready now.”
He met each thrust, harder and deeper, losing himself in the building pleasure. Every part of his body felt alive, and it was so good.
It was then that Sherlock broke away, twisting out of the hold and grabbing John’s shoulder to practically manhandle him towards the bed.
Every time Sherlock dies he's reincarnated and reborn, and at some point their paths cross. It's then John's task to seduce him - although that doesn't always take much, they're soulmates after all - and between the sex and the bite, it triggers Sherlock's memories of previous lives. Don’t ask how, they’re not entirely sure how it works either, just that it does, so they keep doing it the same way each time figuring that it’s something to do with Sherlock’s brain being most susceptible at the point of orgasm at the same time that John floods him with a double dose of fluids – saliva from the bite and whatever it is he ejaculates.
And you knelt beside my hope torn apart.
“Zhi Zhu’s got to be disappointed with that. He had Watson on the back foot, and he really had to turn that advantage into something because chances like that don’t come around often. Not in matches like this. Not at this level.”
"It does," the doctor agreed, still smiling.
Swooping down, Sherlock caught the parted lips with his own, even as his hand became awkwardly trapped between their bodies. It didn't seem to matter as the doctor's arms moved to encircle him and everything else was forgotten in favour of mouth to mouth, tongue to tongue.
The stillness that followed was unexpected, almost reverent. It wasn't even as if the doctor was just looking at him
"Ah," the doctor said, something flickering across his face. "That was Adair."
“John?” Sherlock said carefully. He was sitting up next to John in bed pretending like he was on his computer.
They were stitching his face back up with a fucking sewing kit.
John moaned, his eyes squeezing shut as pain shot up his cheek and along his jaw. Something had broken off of John. It felt like it was splitting his face apart right under his left eye.
“What if they see us?”
So why’d I find the dad passed out on the side walk where you told me to find you? GL
“Yeah be right there.” He grunted.
The ginger was on the shore looking cocky. John was acting cool and talking back and forth. The ginger seemed to relax (maybe) and turned. John took a couple cautious steps onto solid ground. Whatever lie he had come up with seemed to work. The ginger motioned for John to follow him up the hill. John relaxed a moment and looked back in Sherlock and Lestrades direction.
“How do you know?” Lestrade chimed in.
Sherlock leaned down awkwardly and pressed his forehead against John’s.
John sat up a bit. “Sherlock, you’re freaking me out.”
“Nae-” John cleared his throat, “Not moving but… yeah.”
“Both slit their throat?”
“Hey!” He shouted. Finn turned his head around. Sherlock swung so hard his shoulder almost gave out upon impact. There was a hard ‘THWACK’ as the wood plank connected with the side of Finn’s skull. The animal was unconscious before he even hit the ground. Sherlock panted, throwing the piece of wood on top of the man before kicking him the rest of the way off of John.
“Say something in Gaelic.” Sherlock said, a bit childishly. John snorted a little and rubbed his nose with the back of a soapy hand.
Sherlock you absolute idiot he’s hitting your boyfriend. He’s hurting John. He’s killing John. John.
“I know he’s your partner but we really need to make sure the wounds on his face are-“
John heard him from where he was face down on an unfamiliar tiled floor. It was an old bathroom in a shitty house.
“What-“
Sherlock and Lestrade’s heads snapped upwards. At the top of the hill on the other side of the lake, the smaller Perry twin was climbing over the fence. Lestrade and Sherlock stood. John was almost at the shoreline. How the fuck had they seen him? Were they watching the whole time?
“Did she? I didn’t think she’d gone and married her mate in the first place.” Hamish sniffed. John brought his fingers to the bridge of his nose for a moment.
John’s eyes met Bobby’s. John couldn’t really see out of his left eye but they met the other man’s all the same. Bobby looked terrified. He was still such a young, stupid, kid.
“Correct. The first murder was a suspect suicide. Witness one found him and called police. Witness one winds up dead the same way two days later.”
“M be ‘ri back…” he mumbled almost inaudibly and unaware of how slurred his words were. Sherlock looked at him confused, until John’s eyes slipped shut and sank fully under.
Sherlock felt like he should leave. His eyes were wide and he was staring anywhere but at the two other men. He went to slink away from the extremely uncomfortable atmosphere before John grabbed him by the sleeve and held him with white knuckles as he stared up at his father. Sherlock heard the message loud and clear. He settled back down into his seat but John still did not let go.
Sherlock groaned. “Really, John. Awful.”
His heavy tongue wouldn’t work for him either. God, none of his face was answering him. He couldn’t even bring his eyebrows together to express his inner concern.
“You try and do anything funny and I’ll choke him out just like a did that little trans fucker.” Finn spat on the ground. John’s eyes blinked out of his stupor. He thrashed underneath his captor.
He convinced John to go to Scotland. Well, not really convinced. He had bribed John over a very nice dinner where a lot of wine was drunk. They bickered a bit on the train. Sherlock had clearly taken advantage of how John gets when he’s had too much wine.
“As bad as you two.” Lestrade said, looking through his own binoculars. The man driving smacked the slightly smaller brother on the chest.
It was quiet for a long time after that. John was shivering slightly. He pulled his hat lower on his head, bringing his knees closer to his body and resting his chin on his snow pants. He sighed.
John. Fuck, John.
John’s feet were stamping on the ice. It seemed like such a short distance when someone wasn’t pointing a shotgun at him. Another shock echoed. John almost screamed in surprise. The blast had sent a chunk of ice hurling past him. He stumbled for a split second to hear another shot, but not the shotgun. Sherlock was shooting from the opposite shoreline.
John made another noise in the back of his throat.
John banged his fist against the ice above him. He dug his nails into it to try and stop himself from moving with the slow current. Bubbles escaped his lips with the effort of trying to do anything at all in this frigid water. John pounded again and again, his body growing limp as he tried desperately. He felt a crack underneath his fingertip. He pressed on it almost lazily. John didn’t have the strength to pound anymore. His muscles locked up around him as his hand tried reaching forward again. John’s body was sinking.
“I’m here.”
“No.” Greg sighed. “No... you’re lucky he’s so patient with you.”
“Forced?” John leaned back. A waitress came over and took away Sherlock’s tea cup. He nodded at her and John smiled politely. Sherlock was about to continue but John made him wait until she was out of ear shot.
“No wonder yer mom left us,” Hamish called bitterly after his son. “We’re both hateful bastards.”
Gentle touches and soft words were passed between the two for the rest of the night. Sherlock made sure John was thinking about nothing else but how much he loved him. How much he meant to him and how lucky he was to be in love with John. The other man had gone limp and breathless, trembling softly with emotion as Sherlock held him.
“'at sae? aw ah see is a bairn in front ay me.” Hamish stepped up to John. He had a good half inch on his son. For the first time Sherlock saw John’s confidence falter. He didn’t let it flag for long. The army doctor didn’t move an inch. “The same bairn ‘at left twenty five years ago,” Hamish spat on the ground.
Sherlock stopped and just looked at John for a while. His thumb rested at the corner of his jaw where the rest of his fingers curled gentle to hold onto him there. John blinked his eyes open lazily and looked up at Sherlock. They were quiet for a while.
“It’s only for three days, John. Two if we got a jump on the thing.” Sherlock stood and took the beaker. “Mm... Might just toss this one.” John met his eyes for a moment and raised his eyebrows. Sherlock shook his head and put it back down on the counter. The taller man breezed past John. He was squinting at him all the while and desperately searching for his face as the doctor cleaned.
“That’s your name.” He grinned.
Sherlock looked around frantically. There was an old, broken down pallet resting on the side of the brick wall. Sherlock grabbed onto it, adrenaline screaming through him as he ripped off one of the decrepit pieces of wood. He sprinted up to the two at the end of the alley.
“F-fuck I-“
“Listen John I-”
Hey guys so I apologize but I’m not actually posting a part two to chapter five on here. If you enjoyed the last chapter and want to keep reading about it though, I’m making a new long term work that goes off of that story. The first two chapters are already posted so you can get a little resolution if you were waiting for it.
“Uh-“ he had opened his mouth for an explanation. It was like a trigger being pulled. John was suddenly animated again. The father had said something else, blaming this whole day on his daughter, and John had physically snapped. He balled his hand into a tighter fist than it already was in and in an instant slammed it down onto the writhing man’s chest. This stunned both men. The one being attacked gasped for air. As soon as he had opened his mouth John socked him in the jaw.
John had woken up to a loud banging sound. There were footsteps above him and shouting and the sharp, familiar sound of a gunshot. A lot more shouting and demands followed this but John couldn’t keep track of much else.
“They’ll be here.” Sherlock said.
“John-“
“Sherlock, listen you-“
(See the end of the chapter for
Bobby was cutting some string every once and a while. When he pulled back John caught sight of a bloody needle between two bare fingers.
“Listen whatever that fucking kid told you was a lie, man.” The father was stammering. John wrenched him around and produced his cuffs from his jacket. He didn’t say anything. The lid to his jar was shaking and cracking, he had to bite down on his lip.
“I’m leaving.” He stated.
“He’s my boyfriend, Da.” John hadn’t missed a beat. “My partner.”
Sherlock shook his head slightly. “There was something new about you that I didn’t know and I wanted to take all of it before even asking you.”
Sherlock pushed his tongue to the side of his mouth. “Well you’re probably…” He cleared his throat. John looked up at him confused. “You’re probably not going to enjoy what I was going to say then.” Sherlock clicked his tongue slightly. “I uhm…”
In an instant he knew how bad he must have looked. Sherlock was doing a hell of a job trying to hide it from the man, but John knew him too well. Even in this dreamy state he could see the fear in his eyes.
The notebook shut with a firm thunk and was tossed in the direction of the coffee table. A moment later and Sherlock was pulling away from him, sitting up, then standing up, then stretching, his grey Brooklyn bridge t-shirt riding up above the waist of his low slung jeans to reveal a pale strip of skin. Very lickable skin.
"Good," the doctor said after a moment. "Now," he motioned to the heater, "should I take this to the bedroom, or would you prefer to?"
Sherlock, Sherlock, Sherlock, did you honestly think it would be that easy?
“So Watson takes the second set in good style. It hasn’t always been pretty, but it has been a solid, productive performance from him so far. As the players leave the courtside for a well-earned bathroom break, let’s go across to the Arthur Ashe Stadium where John Watson’s doubles partner, Sherlock Holmes, is now under way in his fourth round match against Elias Openshaw, after Dominika Cibulková’s surprise straight set victory over eleventh seed, Svetlanda Kuznetsova in the women’s fourth round match. Over to Graham.”
And the ball bounced in.
He was playing the one and only Sherlock Holmes.
(See the end of the chapter for
And then kill him. Because that's how these things went.
“John.”
That was what Sherlock had said, during the interview after the final in Toronto.
"You know my name. My full name."
"You said about me," Sherlock finally broached, the words awkward on his tongue, "but what about you? Will you be-"
"Alright."
It was the interesting side effect of this position; Sherlock couldn’t come without contact to his cock, and John couldn’t come from the position alone. He could feel the tiredness is Sherlock’s thigh muscles though, the faltering rhythm of their movements. He shifted his right arm again, sliding his left hand between their bodies, slipping at first on Sherlock’s erection before grasping it firmer and stroking in time to their movements.
He returned to watching the sights of New York and tapping his fingers against his thigh. The traffic seemed heavier than usual. Maybe it was simply the time of day. Or maybe it was the day itself. It was a Monday, wasn’t it? Day eight of the Open. The first day of the men’s fourth round. So Monday traffic, yeah, that could be it.
He turned it in his hand.
For all he knew, it was both.
Sherlock nodded then moved for the stairs.
“Except, Watson will know this. He will know exactly what Holmes is like, so he will do everything he can to keep Holmes on the back foot. Holmes is a brilliant player, technically one of the best the game has ever seen, but he’s not unbeatable. Moriarty’s beaten him twice in Grand Slams this year; Nadal’s beaten Holmes twice in the past month. Who knows, maybe it’s now Watson’s turn.”
Having someone - the doctor - guide him through the experience the once would at least give him further data to work with and reduce the first issue dramatically.
Not wanting to make it obvious as to where he had gone, he carefully jumped from the bridge into the shallowest part of the river. The water splashed up his trouser legs, but at least there would be no broken bracken to give away his new direction.
“Jeans okay then?”
He jumped four spaces and sunk his little blue hat over the doctor's red one. "Bee keeping," he said, with a look of challenge to his opponent.
Sherlock’s lips curved upwards. “It had its moments,” he said, but did not elaborate.
“John?”
“Look at his serve again. He served straight to Watson’s weaker side, which he followed with a deep response forcing Watson right to the back of the court, and then the slice over the net which Watson had no chance of getting to.
.” Sherlock rolled his eyes when it became clear that he wasn’t moving fast enough and if he wasn’t moving fast enough it was because he wasn’t comprehending what was apparently going to happen. “Inside and out,” Sherlock added.
"I'm not anxious." He looked away as he realised he had said that far too quickly.
John is listening to “Vera Lynn Remembers: The Songs That Won World War 2”. The lyrics mentioned come from the medley of "When the Lights Go On Again All Over the World," "I'll Pray for You," and, her best known song, "We'll Meet Again."
It was noticeably cooler upstairs, the open fire downstairs having already made some difference to the lower floor, but the towel in his hand was warm enough to make stripping not as arduous as it might have been.
"Hello Harry."
The doctor nodded. "You can keep the violin."
The mobile went again.
That had seemed to confirm it, and he was a few steps up the stairs before he heard the doctor's voice again.
“What else do we do? Confronting him is just what he wants. We just leave him be.”
He registered lips and warmth and then sweetness as blood burst across his tongue.
Confused, Sherlock looked back, surprised to see the bunched ceases on the bed sheet, which could only have been caused by his inadvertent clutching of it. That was perhaps a bit not good, but nothing to be concerned about. He wanted this.
Warm air rhythmically caressed his face as he tried to recapture what he had had, until gradually everything started to lessen and a growing awareness started to creep in.
“I had him executed for asking impertinent questions,” Sherlock replied absently but in a way that betrayed that he was paying full attention.
The energy that thrummed through him from the recent feed was slowly fading into melancholy. The crash after the high. Moving was good for him. Inactivity gave way to dark thoughts, dark thoughts to even darker deeds.
Crouching, Sherlock considered the tower, mentally rating the blocks from easy to folly before reaching for his choice. It slid out reasonably smoothly with only a slight wiggle needed at the end.
The air was warm, almost unbearably so. Maybe he should have switched off the space heater. Maybe he should have opened the window slightly; got some fresh air into the room regardless of the temperature outside. Maybe he should have-
The single word sliced through the room like a scythe through grass, cutting through his speech, halting his words.
"Beg not at all," Holmes responded with a wave of his hand as he snapped the book closed. "I have no reason to either disbelieve or condemn you. You are as sane as I. So speak what you have to say and relieve yourself of whatever it is troubling you."
"This can no longer do!" he said with a cry that seemed to come from deep within him. "I have thought this through and through, but I find myself in a quagmire of such relentlessness that I can go no further. Tell me you are an invert, Watson. Or else express your disgust that I might wish you to be one."
“Mmmm,” Sherlock said as he eyed the wine menu before turning his attention back on John. “I felt it was more appropriate to keep Italian as an anniversary meal and you’ve shown a recent partiality to French cuisine.”
~ 1 ~
, stay with me, Sherlock."
Like kidnapping a nineteen year old for sex and blood.
It wasn't a question, or a statement, it just was, and it wasn't even any good at that. He kicked himself for saying it, but the doctor didn't seem to notice the idiocy of it, or else didn't care.
Abandoning the violin, he spun away, aiming for the main door.
“Ah,” John said. “Good point.”
They shared smiles when the rhythm faltered, shared air as a particular movement sent a gasp from one of their mouths to the other, shared saliva and sweat and skin on skin contact, taking their time, taking each other.
“What about them?”
While the going was not the best, the scenery was stunning. A layer of white already painted the tops of the tallest nearby hills, while the valley clung onto the last colours of autumn; leaves of dark red and ochre, long grass of yellow and brown, heather of dark green and orange.
“So they probably went down the whole ‘how do you feel?’, ‘is it going to be strange?’, ‘how easy is it going to be to put aside your friendship to play against each other?’ line of questioning, because you know, original and all that.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Afterwards, he opted to stick to coffee and toast for breakfast. The unopened homemade honey had been a welcome surprise and he had helped himself but only after confirming to his satisfaction that it was indeed only honey.
Again no response was forthcoming. John tapped his fingers on his laptop before closing the lid and putting the machine down onto the table.
On hearing that his acquaintance in need of a companion to share rooms bore the name Sherlock Holmes, there was no question in my mind that I should meet this very man. Indeed, the more Stamford told me of him, the more certain I grew that this was indeed the very person I had so recently decided to seek out.
Pulling himself up straight, Sherlock fixed his eyes on the other man and crossed the room. Stopping in front of him, he looked down, watched as the doctor automatically licked his lips in response, and decided that enough was enough. He swooped in for the kiss.
He was fine.
The doctor frowned at the reaction. "Cold?" he asked.
It's the forth round and John is back on court.
The fire was low but still burning when he awoke. For a moment he blinked absently as he stared at it. This wasn't the bed. He wasn't in the bedroom. In fact, he was still downstairs but he had no recollection of how he had got there. Then it slowly started to come back; the nightmare, the late night drink, the conversation by the fire, then his protest at being moved.
He rubbed absently at his neck before reached for the dressing gown, slipping it on for the warmth and headed for the door.
"I met them," the doctor said. "Your parents, that is. But I didn't exactly
"Here," the doctor said, holding up what appeared to be the jeep keys. "You might want these."
See you tomorrow!
There was an odd relief about that. Harry's ghost fell heavy in that place. He didn't need further reminders of that particular part of the doctor's past.
“Only if we can prove it,” Sherlock said. “Which we can’t. Oh Moriarty is clever. Very clear. That’s how he’s got this far. It will be our word against his and he’ll just smile and play the innocent. No, he knows we’ve got nothing.”
"Normally you would have just ignored them, as you had before, but then it dawned on you that they might actually be right. You just might be one of those, those... degenerates. But they were idiots anyway, so you ignored it, chalked it up to the ignorance of youth - theirs, not yours - but then you went to University, to the hallowed halls of Cambridge no less, to Kings College, where some of the best and the brightest had gone before you; Frederick Sanger; Patrick Blackett; Alan Turing.
He raked his eyes over the doctor's form. The other man was back in one of his oversized jumpers, but his skin was a touch pale, the lines around his eyes and mouth a little too pronounced, his stance a little weary. There was nothing though that screamed liar, and so far he had been proven to be honest, if unusual.
"Oh good,
“Yes. Good observation.”
Sherlock said nothing. Exhaustion washed over him as the shock gave way to a numb sort of despair. Everything pointed to the doctor not being here, on a random hill, miles from where he had last been, and yet here he was, sitting on a simple wooden bench, watching the setting sun. The surrealness was overwhelming, and he could do nothing but sink wordlessly onto the vacant end of the bench.
“Wozniacki, on the other hand, is also considered highly attractive by many and so would remain the obvious choice for the personal show out of the remaining single female players. Of the female players still playing doubles, Sarah Sawyer would be the obvious choice, but since she’s an ex of yours, that might bring additional complications.”
Words were murmured and heads turned as they entered, but their presence was deemed otherwise unremarkable.
Twisting his fingers into Sherlock’s shirt, he had tugged him forward into a brief kiss – because he could, because Sherlock was right there, and because he wanted to.
The missed call was from Clara and could continue to wait. With the time difference it would be very late now in London, and even though he could pretty much guarantee that Clara would still be awake there were some things that could wait until the next morning.
He took another drink. He certainly didn’t want to get dehydrated and he was really sweating it out already.
Yes, they were his preferred make, sturdy, comfortable, reliable. Definitely more than worthy to be match socks.
The spare room had beckoned and he had gone, and it was good that he had too, or else he might have overlooked the dark case. Although the additional sleep may have allowed him to reach the obvious truth more quickly.
The doctor caught it, looked first at it, then at him. Then nodding, he rose to his feet.
Nothing more was said regarding the agreement and yet it seemed to fizz under everything they did. Or at least that was how it felt to Sherlock. It was... distracting.
"Alright, I'm going to make a statement," he said. "You can think of it being based on a deduction. Scoff if you like, but if my deduction is right, you have to take what I say under advisement."
It was from the table that the doctor looked up from the newspaper spread before him. His hand clutched a mug containing the remains of a hot drink; his smile was one of amusement.
"Seemed like a good idea."
“Are you asking as a professional or as a boyfriend?” John asked, throwing in a knowing smile.
Sherlock jerked, cursing automatically as a shock of pleasure shot through him different from anything else he had ever felt.
No game this time, unless we’re going for something like Russian Roulette.
The water
There was only one place where it might be, though, and the doctor was unlikely to allow him to simply waltz over and have a good rummage. He would need a plan.
He needed- he needed-
“Definitely a good win for Watson. Nothing spectacular, just good, solid play, making sure he took the points at crucial moments, and didn’t allow Zhi Zhu to get the better of him. He’ll be pleased with that result.”
"Alright, here," he heard just before his view was obscured first by legs, then by heavy fabric that was dropped unceremoniously onto his face. "Put that on and get your boots. We're going out."
Harry was right. Harry was always right about these sorts of things, even when he was dead. It was time to do more than just existing. It was time to reengage with the world. To face that which he had turned his back on.
But that was a lifetime ago. Several lifetimes in fact. Before Harry and Cambridge, before the destruction of two world wars, before an Empire and lodgings in Baker Street, even before Madagascar and those pirates.
“Watson punches the air as he takes the first break of the match.”
“I have a flat, in Spain,” John finally said into the pause. “I can’t say that it’s much. Pretty poky actually. Not exactly what you might call a home, more of a temporary stopping place. Was planning on selling it actually, well before. Not that I knew where I would go.” He straightened up, his other hand reaching out to rest on the box. “These, well. These are not only yours, your properties, your homes, but the fact that you’re not only giving me access, but also ownership. You’re… god, I haven’t had somewhere to call home in such a long time, and now you’re giving me six. This is more than I could, well, more than I have ever been given or could have even imagined.”
Great, even Sherlock knew about this nickname thing. He was never going to be able to look at Greg in quite the same way now.
He came with a small gasp, pressing in as far as he could go, closing his eyes as Sherlock’s body held and soothed him.
Wrong, wrong, this was all wrong.
It continued to be a day of surprises.
He groaned.
“A third break point here for Holmes. Watson is shaking his head as if he can’t quite figure out what he should do. Holmes is all over him. Nothing seems to be working.”
"John."
"Sorry-" the doctor said between breathes. "Sorry- it's just- oh god- sorry. Sorry."
John’s lips twitched. “Just good?” he asked, then frowned as he noticed what Sherlock had used. “Wait, was that one of my socks?”
"Thank you," the doctor said, his face crinkling into another genuine smile. "Thank you."
Hurrying back, he opened his locker and fished out his mobile. Sherlock, of course. No one else would dare text him this close to a game.
“Good night, love.”
He talked about the particular wear on the flagstones - a band, tapping feet, dancing - about a fight that had left groves in the wooden beams - most likely from a wildly swung broad sword - and a hole in the crossbeam - pistol shot.
The mathematics of bees
“Yes, ‘Ah’ indeed. Lying about a match result? Whatever am I going to do with you?”
“Anything interesting?” he asked, motioning to the paper.
"You'll do it?"
Because they had taken Sherlock – Harry – to get to him. They had held him, and hurt him, because of John. Because of
“It’s through to the final eight for him, and who knows, maybe even one step closer to the much coveted and dreamt of final.”
"Why," he said with a flourish before regaling me with a wink, "murder, of course."
"Beautiful... so beautiful. I can feel you. So warm. So long. It's been so very, very-"
“We have the stats now. So far, before this tie-break, Zhi Zhu had won seven points off Watson’s serve, while Watson had managed eleven off Zhi Zhu’s. Good figures for Watson, but he still didn’t manage to find that all important break, but it does mean he could be in the stronger position here now.”
"Yes." The doctor averted his gaze. "And it was stupid, and crazy, and I must have been out of my mind to have even considered it, and I thought- well it doesn't matter what I thought. But you asked me yesterday what my name was and it made me think about who I am and what I've become, so I left the keys because at least then, if you did stay, and if you did somehow agree to one night with me, I would know that it wouldn't be down to, well, Stockholm Syndrome."
"Do only what you feel comfortable with," I continued. "Say only what you truly believe or desire. But above all, be true to yourself and to me, and we will find our own way."
Then he heard his name, cutting through the rest, drawn out and desperate, searching.
Now though, James' five times great granddaughter held the throne, and as admired a monarch as she was, her personal views had shaped the country in ways that might never be fully understood. What had been quietly tolerated in previous centuries became unacceptable in the extreme. What had once existed just below the surface of society was now pushed into the deep depths, hidden away lest discovery bring ruin.
"What gave it away?" the doctor simply asked, as if he was actually curious as to the answer and not at all concerned by the deduction.
"You," the doctor said. "I want you."
"You want to- penetrate me."
Music: Scottish Fantasy by Max Bruch , played by Michael Rabin
“Good change of speed and tactic from Watson there. He spotted that Zhi Zhu was stuck at the back of the court and he cut the ball dead right at the net. Zhi Zhu got to it, but of course there was nothing he could do with it, leaving Watson with the easy smash.”
There was a sense of melancholy about the whole area, a sadness that seeped through his clothing to make him shiver. Signs of former habitation were being lost under the nature reaching out to reclaim it. Tumbled down walls marked enclosures that were now barely more than piles of rocks and battered stones. Faint paths weaved through heather and ferns, whispering of once wider, well-trodden routes. Brown rusting metal, their form and purpose now completely obscured, poked out between stones, all but buried.
“And does your gorgeous boyfriend get a thankyou kiss for being so generous?”
"I was more thinking Horlicks."
The name slipped passed his lips as easily as if he had been using it all his life.
It might have sounded like an arbitrary time, but it wasn’t, although it took a moment for Sherlock to figure it out. Seven days, the doctor had promised him right at the start, when they had sat in those armchairs facing each other as near strangers. Seven days to get to know each other followed by the final decision, the decision that either way came with the promise that the following morning would see him free to leave and return to his life in Cambridge.
He should have felt more anxiety about the whole thing, and yet he didn't. The doctor had told him point by point what was going to happen, and then he had done exactly as he said he would. Nothing more, nothing less.
Or how much sleep he might have gotten.
To his admittedly inexpert eye, it was a well maintained hand gun, recently oiled, and, despite its age, in perfect working condition.
The answer came to him during the slow journey back.
They both knew Greg did far more than his actual job, but he did it brilliantly, and Sherlock had assured John that Greg was more than compensated.
He heard the words, he stared at the earnest, open face, he ran through everything he knew about this man and then slowly he nodded.
He took a breath, forcing himself to relax as the pressure started to increase.
John dropped his free arm over his face. "Give me a mo," he mumbled still hyper aware of just how close he was to climax, and how much of Sherlock he could feel.
“Fuck I’m so cold it hurts-“ John choked. He coughed, water still not fully out of his lungs. “Oh fuck- I don’t- I-“
“You fucker.” John slurred, anger seething through his teeth, “You didn’t!” John’s words were thick and labored. Finn smiled and nodded his head.
“John.”
“Here, John. Here.” He carded his fingers through John’s matted and sweaty hair. “I’m right here, love.”
John felt the world go very still. Someone else was kneeling in front of him now. It was harder to hear this person say his name. The voice was deep and familiar but John felt like he was floating in a new kind of world altogether.
“Yes John, it’s at least the second most obvious.”
First there was the door being kicked in. John only heard the sound and felt the light on his skin. He blinked heavily.
“John,” Sherlock said gently. “Come on. It’s not worth it… Truly.”
“Yeah. I was on a board at the time and the kid next to me was being a complete arse. He was dancin or something, I can’t remember.” He was smiling a little. “I had thought we were a lot closer to the ground. So I was like, i’m out of here, and kicked myself off the lift.”
“Shh, John. Don’t say anything.”
John wasn’t listening to the gentle voice by his ear. He could barely hear anything past the rushing of blood in his ears. He saw red. He saw a slammed car door and a trail of smoke from an old engine. He saw a woman with blond hair driving away in the backseat of a cab. He saw a bitter man sitting on the edge of his bed.
“Yes. They’re talking about the neighborhood. She’s nervous.” Sherlock said, looking through the binoculars.
Sometimes John forgot that he can’t keep himself locked in a jar. Sometimes he’d forget that if you lock something away that needed to be free it’d do anything to get out. John had pushed all of his anger down in his gut for the past week and a half. They were on a case John didn’t want to be on. He had told Sherlock; No domestics.
“Fuck. Fuck.” He canted. Sherlock stumbled to grab his phone from his pocket. He sent an urgent text to both Lestrade and Mycroft. The later he had done without thinking. He didn’t care who came. They needed help.
The other two didn’t answer. He had heard them arguing on the train earlier. He just hadn’t heard what about. Greg knew John hated that he had to be out here. Maybe they had had a row about if the case were worth it.
His John Watson brain told him he was sinking through the floor. The person in front of him was barely there. If anything this person was in the way.
“Crosta.” John replied. “Tha John crosta.”
“Mm?” John hummed at the ceiling.
There was noise all around him. He heard a lot of people talking all at once during this movement of his sore body. All of them were pushed to one side of the room by Sherlock’s loud and deep voice. He heard a couple names and sounds he remembered, but it didn’t really matter. Sherlock. Sherlock.
“Ye laddie?” John was grinning.
Then there was someone breathing his name. It sounded like someone had punched this person in the gut. This person knelt in front of John. They lowered their head to get into John’s slumped over line of sight. John tried to remember his name as this person said his own name again. Gavin… Graham… Greg. That was the one.
“They’re not gonna show.” He finally said.
The three men made their way down to the shoreline of the frozen lake. Right now Sherlock and John were behind a tree while Lestrade crouched next to a large fern.
There were a few reasons he had left Scotland. One was to make his own life. Another was he was young and wanted to follow his sister. Another was the anxiety that mounted in his chest whenever he heard the name Hamish being exclaimed from across the room in a thick tongue that rolled the last syllable like the ships out in the harbor. But that, John supposed, was for another reason itself.
“John it’s perfectly safe. It’s been frozen for a week now.” Sherlock sighed.
“John!” Sherlock said, almost to himself. The two men could see a puff of air leave John. He was sighing annoyedly. The red head at the top of the hill was tumbling down it, yelling in his Irish accent about private property or something like that. Sherlock took a step onto the ice before Lestrade yanked him back.
Until the pain was nothing but a dream.
“John...” Sherlock felt helpless. He swallowed and reached out a hand again before retracting it. Sherlock thought for a long moment before he undid his scarf. Sherlock carefully draped it on the back of John’s neck. As soon as it landed John snatched it with his hand and balled it into a fist. He looked like he was going to yank it off before the fabric rubbed softly between his finger tips.
“Noo.” John responded. His voice had shifted down an octave. The ‘o’ trailed off into a lovely spiral sound. Even that simple word was foreign to what Sherlock knew of John Watson. His eyebrows had shot up and stayed there until John glanced up at him.
“How would you know that?” John said before Sherlock.
“What’d you just sa-“ Finn rolled, using John’s pause to his advantage. John cursed and was caught off guard when he opened his eyes to find the brute suddenly on top of him.
“I hadn’t even considered what seeing him might do to affect you,” Sherlock said against John’s skin. “I just wanted to know. I needed more data about you. More information.” He sighed and lifted his head slightly. John lifted his eyebrows and stayed silent. He knew when to give Sherlock time to think.
Btw this gets a bit gruesome at times so if ur sensitive to gore i’d be mindful of that.
It happened before he even really knew it.
“Hey, John.” His lips trembled.
The older man had a gray and white mustache. His face was very square, the buzz cut only amplifying this look. He brought his old thermos to his mustache and stood up. After taking a long sip he started walking towards the dock that lay on the other side of the cafe. Sherlock watched him, still leaning back against his chair. The old man paused and pulled at his jacket sleeve to look at his watch. He cursed under his breath and shifted his mug in his hand. Sherlock squinted a bit and leaned back some more to stare at a piece of tape stuck onto the side of the thermos. Hamish readjusted his sleeve and looked like he was about to keep walking before he caught the eye of the detective.
“Yea sure I do, but I aint gonna sew no man back up!”
“Stay still, Mr. Watson,” Bobby said quietly. His breath smelled like tobacco and chewing gum. A smell John was familiar with. “You don’t wanna move while I’m doin this.”
“Uh uh.” Finn shouted. Sherlock turned to see the idiots huge paw pressing down on John’s neck. The detective stopped immediately. “You stay right there, Mr. Holmes.” He spat.
“He’s alive aint he? You’re the one that fucked him up.” Bobby was stroking underneath his eye absently.
“You attacked someone that deserved it.” Sherlock stated calmly.
“I- M so tired.”
“Did you just admit I was right?”
John’s head lolled to the side.
In honesty, it was worse than Sherlock expected. John must have seen that flicker over Sherlock’s face. He turned his eyes down and made a pained expression.
“You make shite tea.” John mumbled.
“I know. I know.” Sherlock smacked Lestrade on the arm. He grabbed the browning out of John’s coat and cocked it.
“Don’t make fun of me.” He said, stretching to reach the little coaster on the dresser next to them.
Sherlock hummed. He had actually, yes. The thought made him hold onto John just a bit tighter. He wrestled with himself.
“It’s too bloody cold to stay out here much longer.” John sniffed.
John’s eye fluttered slightly. “Wh...whes-“ Sherlock nodded his head slightly to the man laying unconscious next to them. John’s eye fluttered shut a moment, his head lolling backwards briefly and causing Sherlock to panic before it jerked back upwards.
“Sounds like bullshit.” John murmured.
Sherlock placed himself on top of the counter next to John. The later shook his head.
As soon as he had looked away from the ginger, the smaller Perry twin wound back and socked John in the jaw. They could hear the connection from all the way back here. Sherlock made a noise and Lestrade flinched. John’s head whipped to the side and his body fell onto the ice with a hard thump.
“They won’t be able to. The hill up to their cabin is at such an angle that it obscures where we are exactly.”
Now he looked like he was sleeping. Better than sleeping, really. His face was relaxed and calm. If it weren’t for the red and purple marks around his nose and eyes he might even look happy.
“Relatively average height man,” Sherlock started.”
“You ‘it ‘em too hard, Steve.”
“Well done.” Sherlock said, leaning an elbow on the wall.
“You two do this a lot then?” Lestrade asked quietly, wiping his face with the back of his glove.
He hit John a few times and John had spat in his eye and told him to fuck himself. John was hit some more and the doctor had started laughing and calling him pathetic.
Sherlock was about to go back to speaking before John stood up. His hands were in tight fists.
John wasn’t exactly a perfect human being. If you asked him he’d tell you he thinks he’s alright. He might take himself out for coffee or something. But if you walked away and let him think he were alone his answer would be a resounding no. Of course he wasn’t. He had killed people. A lot of people. Criminals sure but there were others. People on the other side of the game of battleship. He didn’t know them.
“You can be honest with me. I want you to...”
Both of John’s eyes were swollen. His left wasn’t completely shut, but it was close to it. The right one was, however. A portion of John’s skin had been torn on his collar bone and Sherlock almost felt sick when he made out the faintest hint of bone.
“It is kinda weird.” Greg replied. “Supposed to be packed during ski season.”
“I’m leaving tonight.” John said first. He looked down at the ground. All of the wind left Sherlock in one great huff. “I just wanted to say that.” John continued, “Before you say whatever you’re gonna say.”
“Oh, shut up. Just take your pictures, Steve. He looks nice and pretty for ya.” Frank demonstrated this by lifting John’s head by his hair some more. John hissed and struggled a little.
“We aint lettin him loose. Just finish sewin those gashes.” Frank chewed on a fingernail.
Sorry if I started spelling Finn with one n during this at all. I tried to catch all of them but shrugging emoji.
“Fuck off.” John snorted, wriggling away from him.
John tried to lift his hand when he felt Sherlock backing up from him. He made a pitiful noise and rolled his eyes, trying to search for Sherlock who had started drifting from his line of sight.
“That’ll take too long.” Sherlock shook his head and looked at his phone.
“My middle name is Hamish, Sherlock. I’ve watched you deduce someone's entire family lineage because of the way they sneezed and you can’t connect the name Hamish back to Scotland?” John was washing the dishes. His jaw was working as he spoke and when he finished he put a hand on the edge of the sink and place the other on his hip dramatically.
Sherlock looked up and squinted at him a moment. He really was cross with him. “How do you say cross in Gaelic?” He asked
“That’s offensive.” Sherlock replied, helping John to a standing position.
At least... he thought it was. Or maybe it was a basement room? Had they taken him into or out of the bathroom? Where was he again?
“Sh’lock?” John finally slurred. Sherlock nodded his head. God damn it he had started crying. Sherlock grabbed John’s limp hand and pressed it to his mouth almost desperately.
Bobby leaned back and looked at John. His head turned quickly.
“Oh fuck off, the both of you.” John shook his head. “I’m not going across there.”
“It doesn’t matter who I attacked!” John was yelling. His face was starting to flame up in a way Sherlock was familiar with. It was when John was forcing himself not to cry. The doctor made another frustrated noise and pinched the bridge of his nose. He was on his knees. John crumpled up in front of himself and hooked his arm around his middle.
This seemed to get through to John. He gasped a little and put his bloody hand over his mouth. His body went from rigid to shaking all over.
“Lestrade.” Sherlock shot him a look.
There were other hands on him now. The voices had started back up again. Paramedics were undoing his shirt and looking at his face. One of them put a hand over her mouth. Another gently asked Sherlock to move. He refused. They asked him again, insisting, and this time John refused.
Mòrag Harbor is a fictional place I made up.
“Had to go and lose ya fuckin tempa again. The fuck we gonna do when that Holmes bloke sees how bad you messed ‘im up?”
“John.”
The army doctor was panting, his breath coming out in sheets of fog from the cold air. He sat back on his knees when the ginger seemed to stop moving. John made sure he hadn’t done too much damage to the guy and scrubbed his face a little. He was about to roll off him when he felt the ginger move.
“What are you doing here, general?” John said overtop him.
“Could just stick to handsome.” Sherlock reasoned, catching John off guard. John turned, looking back at Sherlock for a moment before stealing a kiss.
“Shut up.” Sherlock said miserably.
John picked himself up and ran.
They were sitting in three different directions on the hill. John was looking the opposite way of Sherlock and Lestrade was looking to the side of both of them. The hill they were on acted like it’s own little island. They could see a 180 degree view of the surrounding area. They were, however, sat in a pile of snow.
John looked over at him. Sherlock was grinning a little. Enough John could see at least.
Sherlock raised his eyebrows a little. John had his own list of things to work on in their relationship. One of them was not hiding each other. It was in John’s instinct to hide himself. He had been hiding his bisexuality from himself for his whole life. Sherlock wondered faintly if he were looking right at the source of all that hiding.
They were back home in Bakerstreet. John had left his shared bed and was sitting in the bathroom trying to get acquainted with his new face. He didn’t know who the person was looking back at him. He blinked and breathed at the same time as John. He had the same eyes. The bags under those eyes were the same too. He even wore the same divots and faint acne scars as John. But the bruises and damage and cut lips were foreign. He didn’t want to know the person with three new scars littering his face.
John snorted. “Brothers better at keeping face I guess.”
“-John Watson! I cannae believe ma eyes.”
“Sh John, don’t talk. It’s alright. I got you.” Sherlock was speaking. He could barely hear him.
“Aye! Aye! Will do. Will do.” The man, apparently Hamish, waved her off and turned around with the chair in tow.
“We could just go around.” John said. “Go back the way we came and walk around the hill.”
John had to wear bandages around his entire face for three days. Sherlock made sure to help (perhaps a little too much) and give John whatever he needed. When the bandages had come off Sherlock knew to hide his reaction. John still couldn’t see out of one eye, they had needed to stitch his upper lid and brow. He turned his head away from Sherlock at first. He could imagine what he looked like. Sherlock pressed a hand on John’s arm. John hesitantly turned his head back.
“No... No, John don’t do that to yourself.” Sherlock pressed his hand to John’s forehead. He tried in vain to wipe the rest of John’s hair that was sticking to his clammy skin.
“D’you wanna be a love?”
They got about two steps away from the scene.
“Nothing. It’s just… the only time I can get you to apologize is when something extreme happens.” John sat himself up on his elbows.
“Where we goin again?” John said to the window.
Sherlock toppled backwards in his chair and fell to the floor with a loud bang.
(See the end of the chapter for
No, really though. GL
His temper really cemented the idea that he wasn’t a good person in his head. He grew up around people with short fuses and long, loud, explosions and had hated them. Why wouldn’t he feel the same about himself when he mimed their behavior? Sometimes when he got angry he’d catch a glimpse of himself in a reflection and see his father. He’d get so scared that whatever was causing the anger didn’t mean anything anymore. It reminded him to slow down. Take a breath. Think about it.
Warnings for mention of self harm
There he was facing the father as if a gun being pointed at him was a joke. Fire in his eyes and bile in his stomach he grabbed the man’s wrist and pushed him backwards until his back hit the wall. There was barely a struggle before John got him to drop the gun and Sherlock scooped to grab it, turning and texting on his phone to alert Lestrade.
“I was thinking I could take care of you tonight.”
John didn’t move for a long time after that. Sherlock didn’t disturb him. He saw a tiny bit of movement from the scarf and followed it down to find John gently pressing the fabric over with his thumb. His eyes were closed and he was breathing through his nose.
“Some ugly mug is looking at me.” He mumbled.
John pressed his hand on Sherlock’s. “Y’know I don’t mean you.”
“That’s not nice.” Sherlock yawned on John’s hair. “I’ve just woken up.”
Sherlock wrapped his arm around John’s chest and pulled him close. He buried his head in John’s neck and sighed into it. John sighed back, content and lazy. The thoughts of a broken face and a broken body seemed far away from last night. They were underneath right now. Right now nothing could hurt John. Right now was warm sheets and warm hands. Right now was Sherlock. Right now was home.
John sniffed and rubbed his nose. “Dead around here, eh? It’s Saturday. Think these rich folks would be up and about.”
“It’s possible.” Sherlock said finally. “I suspect yes, they were made to do it. However I also think that’s a bit obvious.”
“What-“
John gasped and started when he felt two strong arms wrap around his waist. Sherlock held fast and pulled his back against his chest. John knew that person in the mirror. He closed his eyes and sighed.
“Turn em to the side.” Steve said, looking at his phone.
“If ye hink that’s sexy. Wait til ah hae mah way wi' ye tonecht.” His voice was low and so extremely close to Sherlock that it made the detective shiver.
“Harry didn’t tell me when she got a divorce.” John let go of Sherlock. “So of course not.” He added quietly.
“He’s bleedin all over the fuckin floor, mate, you gotta do sometin about it.”
“Ff-nnh-“ John was slurring, moaning as he struggled to understand his surroundings. Sherlock tried to tilt John’s chin towards him, avoiding the already purple stain on his jaw.
John’s head started to swim as pain slowly returned to his senses. His whole face started to throb. It was sharp and piercing. The worst of it came from his lips. He was being dragged under. He let himself fall.
“L-listen I...” John swallowed. His saliva tasted like copper. “It’ll get infected an... and they’ll just tear if you don’t-“
One of the rare two parter stories i’m gonna be posting here. I just wanted to spend some time with the after care for this one. So i’ll see you at the end of part two for that.
“Fuck.” John breathed.
“I.. I was thinking…” Sherlock was blushing, something he hated but always did so easily.
“A neighbor?” Lestrade asked.
“Thank you,” he said as they finally stopped for air. “That was absolutely amazing.”
John laughed. He couldn't help it. The words - oh god the words - it had been so long, so much. He could feel his legs beginning to buckle as the relief washed over him. It had worked. The plan had worked. Sherlock was Sherlock. The right Sherlock. His Sherlock.
“In your bag,” John said. “With your notebook.” He dropped the notebook onto the coffee table, but it was all but forgotten now amidst the new discovery.
"That's Harry's violin," the doctor said slowly. "It's also an heirloom. No offence, but it's not like the book. Why would I just give it to you?"
The doctor looked at him quizzically before turning his gaze to the large French windows. "It looks fine out," he said. "Likely to be wet underfoot, definitely boggy in places, but the forecast said it should be clear until this evening. Perfect Scottish hiking weather. Just try not to get lost."
At some point he would have to decide which metaphorical road to take.
The doctor blinked for a moment, frowning as he looked from Sherlock to the space heater and back again.
Sherlock jerked as the main door swung open with a crash. The single word cry that accompanied the entry was loud and unapologetic, much like the cause of the commotion. The newcomer was a large man, who, despite being no more than average in height, seemed almost giant-like; his build broad, his chest deep, his hair and beard a vivid red that declared his native heritage as loudly as his distinctive burr.
1746, the Battle of Culloden. Decisive victory for the Hanoverian King George over Charles Stuart's rebellious Jacobites. The last pitched battle fought on British soil; one that had not ended well for the Scots.
"Ah," he said with an acknowledging nod, "now we dance."
“It’s Zhi Zhu to serve. Watson powers it back, Zhi Zhu forehand, Watson forehand, Zhi Zhu returns, Watson backhand, Zhi Zhu, Watson, but it clips the top of the net and bounces wide.”
The doctor merely answered with a shrug.
John laughed. “Yeah, right,” he said. “Pull the other one. We were in Cincinnati two weeks ago and you barely knew which state it was in.”
“I’m guessing you watched it then?”
“I think,” John said slowly, “that part of you will worry about how the outcome of the match will affect us, our relationship. Some part of you, however small, has considered the possibility that you winning might somehow lead to us breaking up. You can’t tell me that the thought hasn’t crossed your mind at all.”
Pulling the sheets back, John slipped into the bed and stretched out, waiting for his lover to join him.
bed, but the one he had been using for the past week.
"Yes."
"I want to explore your body. I want to hear you pant, hear you beg, hear you sigh. I want to make your back arch, your legs flex, your fingers strain to find something to grasp onto. I want to kiss you and suck you and bite you. I want to make you feel things you never thought possible, show you things you never thought pleasurable, and take you to places you never knew existed.
The Science of Deduction
He swallowed but then gave a small nod. Next he knew, they were kissing again, and it was nice. And then the hand at his groin started moving, flexing rhythmically, then stroking up and down his length over the fabric, and that was nice too. And then the hand was somehow now touching his bare skin, holding him, feeling him, stroking him, and that was surprisingly nice too. And then there were lips at his neck, and an arm round his waist, and the steady hand on his prick, and the heat from the fire, and it was all so nice that he found himself sinking deeper and deeper into it, letting more and more of himself go, and then-
Rising to his feet, he made a noise as he caught sight of himself in the mirror. "So I see," he said. "Well, there can be nothing for it now. I find myself with little desire to pretend my mood to be anything other than it is. Mrs Hudson is not the most observant of individuals, but should she make remark of my current state, we shall just have to tell her something far more likely to be the cause of my change."
Mind made up, he settled on a course of action.
For a short while, Doctor Watson had been a part time GP at their doctors surgery. Polite and proficient, he had been liked well enough for the fifteen or so months he had been there. Then he had moved away and life in the village had continued as it always had.
He was a smug, arrogant, know-it-all, top-of-the-range arse.
Turning his head, he looked to where Sherlock was sitting, towel in hand, furrow in his brow. To anyone else looking on Sherlock may seem merely reflective. But knowing him as he did, even from this distance, John could see the uncertainly behind Sherlock’s expression. Something was wrong and Sherlock knew it. He was just unable to determine just what was wrong. That was sometimes the problem with very intelligent, gifted people, they often missed the obvious even when it was right in front of them.
Outside of the previous conversation, that was the most Scottish he had ever heard the doctor be. Up until that point, the doctor's Scottish identity had occurred to him more intellectually than in actuality, little different from the fair weathered Scots he had come across down south. The type of person who was proud of their Scottish heritage, but who believed a holiday cottage in the Highlands, a kilt, and some Gaelic poetry made them as native as the next Highlander.
“I’m just reaffirming your bad habits,” he grumbled as he crossed the room. “What did you last slave die of?”
"You're also a doctor, versed in at least the basics of psychology. You knew the longer you keep me here, the more likely I am to develop a form of Stockholm Syndrome and agree to your terms."
“Smart, I suppose,” John said as he was ushered towards the bedroom. “Since it’s a special occasion.”
“And as the crowd applauds, there’s the mini break.”
"Okay?"
“Idiot,” John said, squeezing the hand as he chuckled. “Although, if you’re offering, I certainly wouldn’t mind a personal strip tease from the most gorgeous player on the tour.”
Grumbling, John stalked back over to where the mobile lay, picked it up, crossed the three steps back to where Sherlock was sitting and slapped it into the waiting hand.
That was something that just couldn’t do. Not after all the effort Sherlock had gone to. There would be plenty of other opportunities to persuade Sherlock that sometimes simple was better.
Journals attested to an inability to separate the two, cramped mathematical equations scrawled around and across flowing artistic renderings, often in the same pen. Scratched exultations of frustration were followed by a detailed study of a rose.
His violin, however, was noticeably absent.
"Okay."
“… forehand Zhi Zhu, backhand Watson, Zhi Zhu scrambles for it, Watson with the half volley and he’s done it. John Watson, closes the match down with a beautifully placed half volley after dominating this third set.”
Music - Unchained Melody - The Righteous Brothers.
“Paris is a house. A town house I suppose you might call it. It seemed sensible to keep one there in particular considering the French Open and other tournaments. Also, it serves as a good base for attending meetings with sponsors and other European business people that I unfortunately have to deal with. I am, I confess, somewhat attached to the place so would rather retain it for the moment.”
"Rape me and kill me," he repeated.
A loud bleeping sound cut through the room.
"Fine," he said shortly, keeping his eyes on the road ahead. "Just tired, that's all."
you are. I was starting to wonder."
There was far too little light to see the doctor's expression, but he could make out the acknowledging nod of the head.
“You groaned,” Sherlock said.
"How I like my steak," he said quietly. "Medium rare."
John looked across at Sherlock’s retreating back, Irene’s words catching him momentarily by surprise.
A lighter brush made him groan and push back against the hand in an attempt to get greater contact. He was rewarded with a quick double press that had him bucking forward with a cry. It was good, so good, and he widened his legs automatically, his cock brushing against the pillow for a dual sensation.
"Sherlock-"
"Yes. We've already established that."
"Mhm," Sherlock hummed. "Then there's seven years between Mycroft and me. I've never asked, but I don't believe that was planned either. The gap that is. I think they had hoped for something smaller."
Lots of notes this time:
Switching on the space heater, he grabbed his towel and bathroom kit, and headed downstairs.
"I then quickly enlightened them of the situation as I knew it; namely of the crimes being committed and by whom. As expected, they betrayed no surprise at my words. They were of course already aware of this individual’s actions.
The singing was in tune, which was good, but it was hardly anything special. And yet it had him putting down the old microscope and quietly making his way down the stairs.
“Four serves from Holmes. Four points. Watson’s going to start wondering why his service game seems to come round far too fast.”
What followed was an informative and actually rather fascinating instruction on ancient Scottish groups, the doctor surprisingly well versed on the pre-Roman civilisations, the land and the way of life.
Leaning over, he gathered the keys from where they had fallen onto the passenger seat. They were nothing special, just a key and a Gaelic knot keyring.
Sherlock stared. "You, uh," he licked his lips, "want to, uh, to me?"
It sounded so simple. But the doctor had promised to stop and at the time of asking had done exactly that. That was... good.
He had one chance. One chance to say what he needed.
"The red coats. Yes, it was." The doctor's voice took on a more distant tone as he spoke. "Burnt the lot to the ground, they did. Or at least tried to. Looking for someone who wasn't lost, and for a Jacobite who didn't exist. Or at least that's how the story goes."
Each word was punctured with a kiss against shoulder, neck, ear, chin, cheek, and then, while holding gaze, lips.
There was certainly something military about the place, but also something ancient. It was the same feeling he had gotten when Mummy had taken them to Stonehenge. Something old and forgotten.
Looking up, he accepted the mug of tea the doctor passed him. It was just as he liked it.
The doctor offered a small shrug. "A quick sleight of hand. A little misdirection. Just a common trick."
Of course he did, because they weren't just gothic books, were they?
"It is quite simple," he said. "As I have already proclaimed, once you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, not matter how improbable-"
I like to think that this Sherlock had a bit of a crush on Freddie Mercury, even if he had no idea what it was. I also like to think that his parents aren’t idiots, are least not about this sort of thing. They would have noticed. Teenagers are not exactly subtle. Sherlock’s parents strike me as the sort of people who would have taken his sexuality in their stride. They would just want him to be happy and safe. I suspect they tried to talk to him a few times, but he was too oblivious to notice.
“Absolutely. That’s what I like about Watson. He’s what you might call an all-rounder, proficient at any position on the court. Bit old school now, what with the likes of Nadal, Murray, Djokovic and Holmes favouring the baseline ground shots, but also a lovely style to watch, and I still firmly believe there’s an important place for close net work; the volleys, the smashes, the chips. Just look at Federer, he’s a classic example. Doubles is a great opportunity to develop non-baseline shots, and Watson looks both comfortable and confident with those often tricky shots.”
He gave a small shrug as he averted his eyes. "You said play something. It seemed..." appropriate?
“… crosscourt from Holmes and Watson doesn’t even attempt to get to it.”
He nodded.
“What? Really?” Clara’s tone somehow managed to encapsulate surprise, delight and a whole heap of fascination.
“… and Zhi Zhu replies with a terrific little forehand. He’s not going down without a fight.”
“Hmm, but not yet. Shower first. Take your time.”
“His girlfriend gave birth yesterday.”
"Okay, for the sake of clarity, I'm going to press my lips against yours for the kiss. I won't touch you anywhere else, just my mouth against yours. Try not to tense up, but if there's something you don't like, you can pull away. You have room behind you. Or, if it's easier, push me away. Probably easiest if you meet me at least part way, so you're going to need to lean towards me. That's right. And... relax."
John closed his eyes. "You remember?" he said.
John walked quickly back to the sofa. “This,” he said, and shoved it unceremoniously into Sherlock’s face.”
When it was clear that no answer was forthcoming, John returned to his two fingered typing. It wasn’t going to be the longest blog post ever, but his reaching the quarter finals certainly deserved a mention.
He studied the doctor's body language. There were several tell-tell signs that a person was lying, but the doctor was not showing any of them; confusion, guilt, hope, sadness and a hint of desperation, but not deception. He honestly appeared to believe what he was saying.
"No. Oh god no," the doctor said quickly, balled fist suddenly pressing against his mouth. "That's just... no." He shook his head, his lips curving into a small smile. "Slim, athletic geniuses, remember. And he definitely prefers the curvier, busty types."
“Alright,” John said, shooting him a grin. “I’m going.”
He slowly slid back the door bolt.
In Act 2 of the play, the main character meets with the troll mountain king, who asks the crucial question: What is the difference between troll and man?
Even as the blankness of unconsciousness gave way to the vividness of dreaming, his mind filtered, sorted and concluded that something was wrong.
One, the doctor wasn't prepared for an extensive length stay - two points towards the likelihood of being allowed to leave in seven days, one point towards the likelihood of being murdered instead.
Without the jumper, and despite the lack of light to see by, the doctor appeared smaller than he might have expected, in stature and in build. There was definite definition to him though, a muscle tone that spoke of both strength and stamina, without seeming overworked or unnecessary.
"That said, my dear Holmes," I said after I had somewhat reluctantly moved aside. "Your current countenance is as foreign to your usual state as a camel is to the Arctic."
The "Scottish Fantasy in E-flat minor, Op. 46", is a composition for violin and orchestra by Max Bruch. It is a four-movement fantasy on Scottish folk melodies. Completed in 1880, it was dedicated to the virtuoso violinist Pablo de Sarasate. The same Sarasate that Doyle had Holmes and Watson see play in The Red-Headed League.
“Hardly a mystery,” Sherlock said. “You tell
he have known?
"There's a bolt, on the inside of the door, should you find it helpful."
"I'm fine," he huffed. "You really don't need to keep asking."
Confused, he looked down at the papers spread before him. Despite having only just finished, he had no recollection of what he had been playing. So caught up in his own thoughts he had barely taken notice of his music choice.
Ah, Sherlock hadn't realised he had noticed.
"Sherlock-"
Rising to his feet, he crossed to the door and slowly pushed the bolt home in the door lock.
"I did. And then-" he frowned, suddenly uncertain as to where the thought had been going. "I think they were hoping for a third, but it's just us."
"Yes."
She smiled slightly, obviously waiting for him, wanting him to keep talking. It was an old trick, but an effective one. Well, if she was going to play that game he might as well give her an answer.
The doctor froze, the first true reaction he had witnessed from him so far, and all the confirmation he needed to know that he was right.
"Isn't it Sunday today?" he said, his eyes narrowing.
“Mhm,” John said with a grin. “You mean I look good in it and you like the tantalising hint of what lies beneath.
It was a journey they had covered before, albeit last time at dusk and in the opposite direction. Even so, he noted the turn off that would have taken them to the castle ruin and the loch.
The wooden clothes airer was the obvious choice and carefully pulling it out, he shook his clothing out before hanging them onto it. Then he added the towel he had borrowed.
He opened the fold and started to read.
“Dordogne is the family home, of which I have little legal control, so they will have to remain in my name. Madrid and Florida are just flats that I used mainly for training earlier in my career and so have no real emotional connection to. If need be, they can be easily replaced with joint properties to both our liking.
The footsteps on the stairs were both timely and unwelcome.
"What the devil do you think you are doing?!"
"Is it okay to hang up my wet things?" he asked when it became clear that his presence hadn't been noticed.
"Uncle Rudy?"
John blinked. “A shower?”
It was more than he had expected and more still than he had even dared hope for. There was no reluctance, no teasing or jest in the tone, no compromise or leeway in the words. It was straightforward, comprehensive, and most of all honest in its conviction.
(See the end of the chapter for
"I love you," he murmured fiercely, sliding his hand up until he could toy with a sweat laden curl, so unique to this version. "I love you so much."
person. Understand?"
"Plotting the incidents to a map of London, taking into consideration weather and tidal patterns, I narrowed the central place of activity to a specific area and then to a particular exclusive club, one that was anciently old and whose membership criteria was vague to the point of being shrouded in secrecy.
And yet the one with the soft smile for the unseen artist felt the most intimate of the lot.
Seven hours. Six hours. Five and a half hours.
It all added up to two obvious conclusions.
"You're going to rape me."
, Sherlock."
“Trouble, definitely. Three points in a row for Watson and a double break point. His game plan, well that’s paying off. He’s been bashing those balls right back to Holmes, challenging every shot, attacking every ball. He’s done a lot of hard work. Can he now drive home this advantage?”
He wasn’t sure what he was supposed to be more surprised at, the fact Sherlock kept a record of what he wore for dinner with Irene, or that it was so important that he didn’t wear the same outfit twice. The one thing he wasn’t surprised about though was the confirmation that his boyfriend was as vain as a peacock and as competitive as an elk in rutting season.
Through it all he maintained his usual smile, although that was hardly a hardship. Smiling was easy when you were winning, when you felt confident and content, when you had a gorgeous, talented (if demanding and know-it-all) lover waiting for you back at the hotel.
"What do you know about this?"
For a long time neither of them said anything. Twilight fell and the shadows lengthened before the doctor turned towards him.
It was a bathroom - plain, simple and a bit old fashioned with a shower nozzle attached to the bath taps. A toilet was a toilet though, and the water from the sink was cool against his skin.
Sherlock frowned, thinking back to the records he had unpacked that first full day. Billy Ocean and the Bee Gees had certainly been new additions that the doctor had bought with him. So definitely the doctor's music rather than anything shared.
"Except we both know that I'm not really here."
He was Sherlock Holmes and he was in his bed. He was in the bedroom, in the cottage, in Scotland.
He slumped back, breathing deeply as he fought for any measure of control, his legs twisting one way and then the other, until the urge to orgasm receded to near tolerable levels.  Feeling Sherlock's breath against him also was helping matters.
“Yes,” John said, twinning their fingers back together before leaning back in, “there always is.”
He looked across at the sound of Sherlock’s almost hesitant tone.
The present was squishy to the touch but didn’t feel like a jumper. It was clothes, most probably, just something smaller than a jumper.
The words hit Sherlock like a lightning bolt, a weird fluttering sensation forming in his stomach as an equally weird sensation ran up his spine to the base of his head. He stumbled, even as he registered the doctor's hand tightening slightly in his, the other arm offering support.
"Slowly. That’s it."
much, how could they go through all this and still be so... so... so... fundamentally unchanged?
“John?”
The resulting smile distracted him from the way his voice had cracked over the words. The smile was nothing if not absolutely genuine, broad and warm with a healthy dose of surprised pleasure.
“Good,” John agreed. “Very good. Unbelievably amazingly good. Come here, you daft git,” he continued, leaning over to pull Sherlock into a soft kiss. “Thank you.”
"Sherlock?"
It was a story common to many landed gentry families.
“John.”
“I… uh… alright, yes,” John said. “Sometimes. Six months ago I was retiring because I could no longer support myself by playing. Now look at me. I’m staying in penthouse suites and flying business class. No,” he said quickly, stopping Sherlock from interrupting, “I know the reasons and I know I’m paying towards it, it’s just sometimes I’m suddenly reminded that you’ve won more prize money in the past six months than I have in the past six years, Wimbledon included. Then there’s what you get in sponsorship, appearances fees and investments. So sometimes, yeah, sometimes I’m reminded that I’m with a younger, fitter, richer man than I could have dreamt of, let alone deserve, and I want to make sure I put into this relationship as much as I take out. Alright?”
"What? Wait. Where are you going?"
much, too
The other benefit was that it gave me longer to determine how best to broach the other issue.
was perfect,
“You beat me. I wouldn’t call that a whipping.”
"Be serious, my good man," I said quite firmly once the words could take form. "I have just told you that I am not human."
A glass of water rested on the table and he reached for it gratefully, drinking half before being struck by the similarities of the first time he had woken up here. Fuzzy headed, confused, the biggest difference was that this time he could hear nothing. No water pipes clunking, no movement from below, no footsteps on the stairs.
boy by all meanings of that term. It was something desired, something wanted, something worth sacrificing
Doctor Watson was back in his seat, facing towards him, the table and newspaper between them. A freshly made mug of tea sat steaming on the table, the opposite end from the doctor.
“Fine,” he said getting back to his feet, “I’ll wait. But I know you’ll tell me. Some day.”
He considered the proposal.
“Tell?” Sherlock’s tone was surprisingly scornful. “There’s nobody to tell.”
Another one; a picnic on a shore, legs out stretched, a book in hand ignoring the world.
And of course Sherlock would have an answer. He always had an answer, for everything, and he always had to have the last word. He would try to outlive God if it meant having the last word.
Afterwards, they washed up in silence, Sherlock shifting from leg to leg with growing impatience as he waited for the next item for him to dry.
Time and the English, the doctor had said.
HIV/AIDS: Yes, the advice from many doctors during the late 80s and early 90s around HIV and AIDS was at best naïve, and basically boiled down to the idea that ‘good, clean normal’ people ran no risk of catching AIDS. Sherlock may have issues around his sexuality, but some of it was honestly acquired. I can only imagine what it might have been like to be a gay man growing up in the eighties and early nineties in the shadow of AIDS.
Good. Hands. Skin. Not alarming. Manual stimulation. Good.
He had kissed him.
“British bulldog more like it.”
"Oh. Oh good." The doctor's smile was beaming. "I'll remember that."
Happy fucking birthday indeed.
"Right," the doctor said, frown still on his face. "You, uh, want to borrow it?"
“Mhm, is it working?”
“And then you just so happened to get ‘caught’ by the paps. Yes, I know the
In fact the only things out of place were Sherlock's own belongings; his bag neatly packed was by the door with his boots, and on the centre of the table, was everything else; the Stradivarius and bow in the open case, a map and compass, a hundred and fifty pounds in cash, the
The doctor's expression was deceptively mild, but if there was one thing Sherlock had learnt over the week it was that when it came to John Watson, the emphasis should always be on the
John raised his eyebrows then raised his arms. “Help yourself then.”
The doctor seemed to consider this. "I knew the risks," he said, "and I decided to do this anyway. I won't run from the consequences."
, his brain helpfully informed him,
"Hmm, yes. Very much so." The doctor's gaze didn't falter.
He slipped it under his pillow.
“Bloody good,” he agreed. Bloody good indeed.
Bollocks. Bollocks to all of this.
"My parents-"
"Now we dance."
Their lips met in a quick but meaningful kiss.
"Sherlock? Something the matter?"
More confusion flooded Sherlock’s face.
"You should go to bed," he said finally.
“Now get up. Chop chop. Shower, breakfast, match. Remember?”
Other Music: "Hall of the Mountain King" by Edvard Grieg.
He wondered for a moment what the doctor would do when three o'clock ticked round and there was no sign of him. Would he grow angry: at himself, at Sherlock? Would he climb a ridge to stand like a sentinel at watch? Would he try to deduce where he had gone?
“Your birthday,” Sherlock said as he turned to the bedside table to grab something. “Which means it’s all about you.” He turned back, brandishing what appeared to be a small bottle of something that to John didn’t look like lube.
"Sherlock Holmes," the doctor said, "meet your prostate."
“Yes.”
"Absolutely," the doctor... John, he mentally corrected, said. "Who wouldn't be while having the smartest... sexiest... most sensual being around, in their arms... calling their name... accepting their kisses."
“Oh god, oh god, ohgodohgodohgod. Fuuuuuck!”
“That he’s in love with you.”
The kitchen was clearly period, in keeping with the general feel of the property. There were no modern convenience devices. No microwave, no toaster, no electric kettle, the fridge and freezer were clean but clearly dated, the sink and oven likewise.
"Sherlock-"
"Man is not meant to be alone. You even less so."
There was a moment, as the words hung between them, that he thought the doctor would protest, as he had been throughout, but then it was like the air had been let out and the doctor seemed to deflate before his eyes, hands covering his face in all the confirmation that Sherlock needed that he was right.
The doctor carefully rescrewed the lid.
There were even a surprising number of texts that weren't in English, from their covers all clearly having been read, so not there solely for ornamental purposes; Grimm's
"Adair!" the doctor responded warmly, although at a lower volume than his companion.
“Could Watson’s confidence be key here as we go into a tie-break in this first set?”
Whoever he was expecting it wasn't who appeared. It wasn't one of his class or college acquaintances ready to spring some elaborate hazing event. It wasn't Mycroft, inexplicably called home from managing the empire by the siren of his baby brother's forays into mind altering drugs. Nor was it Uncle Rudy, risen from his sick bed, nor nurses in white confirming a section, nor Mummy or Daddy, tanned and fussing.
“So,” John said, making himself comfortable once they were left alone. “French.”
It was the music and not the need for food that eventually drew him back downstairs. Or maybe not even the music, maybe it was more the singing that accompanied it.
As happy as I inevitably am to have my partner back with full memory of who I am and the past we have shared, this does not mean that I am not without sorrow in having to lose the man I have come to know. It is, perhaps, foolishness; certainly it has been expressed to me as such on many an occasion, but I find it a human reaction that I am more than willing to entertain since so much more has been lost to me.
"The last thing you said to me, to
“Just enough of a mystery to entice me. Just enough company to seduce me.”
Then he heard it stop, and still he waited.
There was no need to ask why the doctor kept the door locked, it was painted across his face with every shadow, every line; memories and unresolved grief from an unexpected, traumatic death.
"So you see," he continued, fully in the grip of despair and misery, "there is nothing you can say that would be worse than that which I have already told myself. Disgusted as you no doubt now are on being made fully aware of the nature and character of the man with whom you share these rooms, on the mutual affection we once enjoyed, I ask only that you not inform the Yard of the true reasons as to the end of our acquaintance."
"But then you came alone."
He cocked his head. "Why? Because yesterday I showed to what extent I might go to escape? Or because today you were reasonably certain I would not go?"
“No. On this there will be no argument. You need this to help you play and I cannot face you knowing there was more I could do to help. Consider it pride and selfishness on my part. Consider it thoughtfulness towards my practice, doubles and life partner. Consider it a birthday gift if need be, just accept it and not waste time worrying about the financial implications. The monetary cost is irrelevant. What I have is yours; my assets, my body, my life. Do not reduce this down to something as insignificant as
True Highlander, Scottish Gaelic, lunch, he had missed things. Question was, what else might he have missed?
. You chose me. And I- and I-"
“These are….”
It was with weaker legs and a lighter heart that I retook my customary chair and pondered how best to proceed.
hand, but only one obvious one when put with everything else.
Moving to the bookshelf, he pulled out a couple of the newer books he had helped shelve a week ago, flicking to the publishing dates. 1991, 1988, 1983. All the way back to 1976.
He looked back at the paper, carefully reading what had been written. In essence it was somewhere between a contract and a statement. The doctor had reiterated the vow he had made two days before and had then listed the agreements they had come to in precise, technical language.
Getting to his feet, Sherlock crossed the room to the kitchen table, picking up the single key. "Show me," he said and tossed the key over.
I confess that I did not at first respond. It was not, as he would initially surmise, due to any shock following his confession, but rather due to the incandescent rage building within me. If I had been free to, I would have cursed all the men and gods that had brought my friend to such a wretched state.
In one thing, the doctor had been completely truthful; Harry had been both a mathematician and an artist. He had also been equally brilliant at both.
Sherlock’s barely suppressed smile said it all. Arse.
"You'll let me leave?" Sherlock asked carefully.
"Yes."
"Ballet?" the doctor enquired.
"Come in."
“No.”
Looking round, he took in the sights, the building, the furniture, and then the people. Taking a breath, he paused, and then he began.
Of course that hadn’t stopped Sherlock from diving into full research mode. Apparently, Sherlock hadn’t spent all of his time after his match on the Saturday watching Nadal trounce Simons, or deciding what would be the outfit most conducive to seducing John Watson and then shagging his brains out. Sherlock had also tuned into Zhi Zhu’s game and gleamed what he could from a set and a half, and had then presented it to John with a flourish and an expression not too dissimilar to a cat’s when presenting their owner with a freshly killed dormouse.
“You promise?”
What had happened?
“Shut up and go to sleep.”
He slipped the pistol back under the pillow. He would have to come up with a better hiding place, if only for his own peace of mind. First, though, he had a doctor to find.
There was no fire, no smoke, no fumes. He wasn't choking. He wasn't trapped. He wasn't lost.
No. No he hadn’t. At least not in words. Not yet. But that didn’t mean that Sherlock hadn’t told him in other ways. Now that they were speaking the same language again it was all so obvious. It was there in what Sherlock did; in the little actions of anticipation of what John might want or need; in the small private smiles; in the French he spoke during sex; in the affectionate teasing; even in the passionate arguing.
They had to cross each other by the net for the next game. That was the only reason this could work. That and the fact their history meant no one would question them crossing closer together than some players would.
"Alright," he said with a nod, "where do I sign?"
Board Game: Survive! Escape from Atlantis
So kissing. Most probably.
. Whatever it was the doctor was seeing, it wasn't a pale, skinny, friendless freak. It wasn't the misfit, the outcast, the
Why would- why would-
"Enough," he repeated, quiet and broken. "Put the pistol back. Please."
“Nadal’s.”  Sherlock motioned to the television currently on mute. “He’s just beaten Gilles Simons, 6-4, 6-4, 6-2. Pretty standard match. Still using his new serve and dominating from the baseline. Unsurprising result. Simons will be flying home tonight. I believe congratulations are in order.”
“Ah no,” John said quickly. “No, no.”  But was cut off as Sherlock surged forward, catching him in a deep kiss that became leisurely but thorough, breaking away only to rest their foreheads together as they shared the same air.
“Well, the players are now completing their warm-ups and it looks like Zhi Zhu has won the toss and will be serving first. We’ll be bringing you all the action, all the shots, and also the updates from the women’s fourth round tie of Dominika Cibulková verses Svetlana Kuznetsova over on Arthur Ashe, but for all of your Brits out there listening, ‘Come on, Watson’.”
"And you took the low road while I took the high," Harry said. "But you still blame yourself."
“There’s really so little between them, all a mixture of restraint and carefully planned attacks. Yeah, maybe Holmes has the slight advantage, he’s dropped the fewest points, but Watson’s really made his points count. No long rallies for him. He’s closing them down, refusing to be pulled into Holmes’ preferred baseline hitting. Any opportunity and he’s in at the net. It hasn’t always worked for him, but when it has Holmes has struggled for an answer.”
Closing the cupboard behind him, he made his way over to the bookshelves. He didn't bother disguising his interest in what was there and the doctor said nothing, offering only a small smile.
The room certainly bore signs that it had. Clothes that had been discarded during the event had been picked up and neatened, his old boxers were folded on the chair, the dressing gown was hanging from the wardrobe door. The space heater had also been switched off. Most of all though, the smell of sex still faintly hung within the room.
It was alright, it was all good. You’re in control. You just have to do this. Get through this, take a bathroom break and then go from there. Okay then.
"Sherlock."
There was also a surprisingly large selection of rather obscure gothic stories;
John poked his head back out of the bedroom. “The blue shirt?” He raised an eyebrow. “Any reason?”
"It's okay," he heard, even as he felt the soothing strokes on his bare back, even as he arched forward, desperate to recapture the welcoming warmth. He shifted his hands, trying to find a grasp that would keep the sensations where they should be, and yet it still all stopped again and, from a distance, he heard a moaning sound that echoed his disappointment.
“Two good serves there from Watson. No signs of nerves. He’s certainly unrecognisable from the player who used to crash out in the first round of minor tournaments.”
Calling it a night, he had waited until the doctor had retreated to the bathroom for his nightly ablutions. Then, descending the stairs, he made as if to get himself a drink before crossing to the desk.
ring, on
“Done.”
And yet nothing like that had happened. Instead there was a joint record collection, a well-loved library, and an extensive, well used games selection. Occam's razor, therefore, led to Harry having been both real and a willing half to the relationship.
Game - Sorry! - because, well, you figure it out.
He was still holding it when the bathroom door reopened.
The doctor blinked. His eyes pulled briefly together, then he blinked again.
“To buy me some for my birthday.” It was all John could do not to break into a massive grin. As it was he covered himself by pressing his hand to his lower face. Sherlock’s small frown was enough to remind him that his boyfriend lacked real relationship experience, and to some extent, common sense.
Sherlock made an agreeing sound.
"I'm sorry," he heard suddenly, the words ghosting his neck as they were breathed into his shoulder. "Forgive me." And then fingers flexed around his cock as the mouth and teeth against his neck suddenly tightened against his skin. He gasped at the sudden sharp pain that stabbed through his neck as something pierced him.
The new day had dawned cool but bright. The cloud blanket had broken and the pale winter sun found gaps to shine through, lighting up the landscape in an array of green and burnt orange.
And yet here it was, and it was just as he remembered it being.
In all my machinations, I had not considered that Holmes might be one of these types of man. It was an oversight on my behalf and one I was only starting to face the consequences of.
But it could be good, with the doctor, it could be good.
There was a distant look, then a small nod. "Aye. Definitely on my mother's side."
Another languid kiss and John broke away with a slight pant. “Please?” he asked motioning to where his cock lay hot and heavy.
Second question, was escape even viable?
They stared at each other.
Then a series of pictures in an array of clothing; Edwardian double breasted coat; second World War soldier; Victorian tweed with period moustache; Highland garb with what he presumed was Watson tartan.
“Fuck!”
He had no idea what the doctor would do when he failed to return, but with a bit of luck he wouldn't have to find out. Regardless of where he was in the Highlands, he would have to hit civilisation at some point, especially if he travelled in a southerly direction. Even if no one believed the 'kidnapped from my university by a man with a sexual predilection for intelligent gay men' story, they would certainly believe the 'foolish, lost English student'. Someone would help him. He just had to get far enough away not to be found first.
“Fine,” Sherlock said and quickly pressed send without even amending the message. Git must have pre-empted him.
The doctor's look was pointed, but it was enough to make the stranger laugh again and release his shoulders with a firm pat. It was all Sherlock could do not to stumble.
Tentatively, Sherlock raised his hands, pressing his palms against the skin, tracing the contours, across, around, then down, eyes following to the bulge now distorting the line of the doctor’s trousers.
Who picked up on the score that Sherlock told John in
"Sorry," the doctor said, temporarily covering his mouth with his hand. "It's a common... no wait, did you seriously not notice when shops started opening on a Sunday?"
Picking it up, he ran his fingers over the familiar cursive script that made up his name.
"Yes."
Slim, athletic geniuses indeed.
"Why, there was nothing of course, and I told them so accordingly. Nothing, aside from the three documents detailing everything I knew currently in the hands of three different street urchins who were under explicit instruction to deliver the documents at a particular time and date unless they received further instructions from myself and only myself.
The desk was the obvious place. He had been through all the other likely places already; the cupboards, under the stairs,
It wasn’t exactly the most comprehensive of game plans, but it was better than nothing. It was just going to be up to him to put the plan into action and find out just where it gets him.
He could do that. It might even be nice. They could kiss, and it would be nice.
“It’s Holmes to serve and he looks unruffled and collected as he swaps his towel for the tennis balls. He takes his time but the serve is good. Watson returns. Holmes with the forehand and Watson’s return goes into the net.”
they don't like, it's just that they don't like people who are a bit different'.
He was still an abductor though, Sherlock reminded himself.
Sherlock blinked and then just like that he was back.
He jumped at the sound of tapping from the passenger window.
His eyes snapped opened.
Seven days.
Nickum: A cheating/dishonest person. Also Scottish for scamp / wag
“Watson serves, Zhi Zhu returns, Watson forehand, Zhi Zhu forehand down the line, Watson backhand, Zhi Zhu crosscourt, Watson, and it clips the net and goes wide.”
, looking at
"Were you and he," he waved towards the door, "ever, you know?"
"He's a meddling, interfering fat arse," he stated on reaching the bottom of the stairs.
Kissed him.
"All that dust though, you're probably parched. I'll put the kettle on before you go back up. Unless-"
One, Sherlock played his worst game of the season, and even then John knew he would have to play at his very best to really have a chance.
Come with me, he wanted to say. Come with me back to Cambridge. Forget their history, the age gap, the circumstances of their acquaintance. Forget Harry. Come and see if they could have more than just seven days.
John mentions three famous alumni of King’s College Cambridge:
“Watson to serve and it’s good. Holmes clips the ball and Watson has an easy put away.”
Of course it bloody well was. While he knew he wasn't unattractive, he was also far from conventionally handsome. The very small number of people who had ever shown an interest in him physically had all retreated quickly the moment he opened his mouth. Yet here he was with someone who called him brilliant and wanted him so much they had resorted to kidnapping.
It had worked. The tactics, the game plan, all the little mantras, they had all come together and worked.
"Sherlock."
“Keys to all of the residential properties I own.”
"Yes."
“Absolutely. Confidence is key. Just look at the way he’s playing in this match. He’s going for his shots. Not only that, but he’s expecting to make them, and most of the time he is. He’s being fearless and that’s putting a whole heap of pressure on Holmes, who just hasn’t been able to settle into any sort of rhythm in this match so far.”
“If there is one player who knows about playing with or against precision it’s probably John Watson.”
One set all, which meant it was now best of three.
The photographs each showed two men, the same two men, obvious even to the casual eye, but with one subtle, impossible detail; while one man clearly aged, the other did not.
The same man, the same soul, always the same, yet always unique.
"His actually," the doctor replied, a green eight added to the growing central pile. "It was one of his things. He found them funny, for some reason."
"Shush, it's okay. I've got you. I've got you. It's okay."
The doctor was still staring at him. "Just to get this right," he said with a slight shake to the head. "You're saying that if I agree to let you keep that, the violin, then you'll have sex with me."
“Why would I give you a necklace?” Sherlock huffed. “Really, your thought processes manage to be both pedestrian and absurd.”
“So what can we expect from this contest?”
I was aware of his methods, having had the pleasure of witnessing them first hand on many occasion, but never had I fully considered the extent of the truth he might see in me. Or that he might be aware of others like me. I was, we were, after all, an impossibility.
Sherlock lowered the instrument again.
Just like he had promised to stop if Sherlock requested it, and had then kept his word when told to stop.
“Trust me,” Sherlock murmured, a kiss to his shoulder blade, a hand to his arse, and then he was sliding in.
John grinned. “Very good.”
Sherlock didn’t even bother to look, just held out his hand expectedly. Bloody typical.
"Come on," the doctor said softly, pushing himself to his feet. "Jeep's down there. Let's get you back before the cold really sets in."
"It wasn't your fault, you know. How I… how he died."
So obvious!
That got a reaction. First surprise, then confusion, then anger.
“… and Holmes finishes with the smash.”
A flash of a memory; Mrs Fenchurch talking to Mummy.
He trudged onwards, following the general direction of the river until the small clump of trees hugging the foot of one of the hills became a much more significant forest of trees, into which the river plunged merrily.
"Look, I know what this looks like, but honestly, I just wanted the chance for you to get to know me. And as strange as you might think it is, I wanted to spend time with you. Because I like you. Because I think you're funny, and incredible, and so much more than you believe yourself to be. But you were never going to notice me. Why would you? So I came up with this quite frankly ridiculous plan, because even if you said no, then I still would have had the seven days."
"You didn't," Sherlock said, stepping off the last stair.
Skelpie-limmer: A badly-behaved child. Coined by Scottish poet Robert Burns.
Staring up at the ceiling he tried to go through everything that had happened that day, sorting and ordering them by relevance and importance. When it came to the doctor though, he still found himself strangely off balanced. For someone who appeared so ordinary, the doctor was clearly anything but. It was... intriguing.
"No."
"Yeah, that's not going to-" He eyed the room critically again. "Sofa it is then," he said, pointing to the far end. "Sit."
"Yes," the doctor said as he considered his own tiles.
The wee birdies sing and the wildflowers spring,
Tomorrow.
Another deep in-breath and the doctor's posture straightened further, his shoulders pushing back, his chin tipping up a notch, no doubt unconsciously.
So tomorrow would be the day. Or tomorrow evening at least.
“Should you prefer the male form, on the other hand,” Sherlock continued, “Feliciano López is certainly not without his charm and is unlikely to defeat Nadal tomorrow. A suitable incentive could make him available for your birthday. Or there is always-”
“I beat you.”
Oh god, it was
Sherlock Holmes. John H. Watson.
"Sit," the doctor said, guiding him to the second armchair, which was the closest to the fireplace. "Give me a moment and I'll sort the fire. Provided you trust me enough not to actually burn the place down."
"Yes," Sherlock said, and headed for the bedroom.
"Holmes," I said. "
"Yes."
Sherlock expression changed to one of deep consideration. “Beauty is a construct based on childhood impressions, influences, and role models, and is therefore subjective. Based on your past choices, however, Maria Sharapova more than fulfils your concept of beauty, but I believe she has just been defeated by Caroline Wozniacki, so is unlikely to be still in town for your birthday.”
The doctor smiled encouragingly. "Tell me about them," he said.
Hands and
“Yeah, no,” John said quickly. “Very much no.”
That was true. It was always easier to beg forgiveness than ask permission.
Nodding absently, Sherlock made his way to the kitchen and breakfast, mentally making a note of what he would need.
“Wait. Are you-” He frowned as he realised Sherlock was slipping a condom onto his equally impressive erection. They hadn’t used a condom in months, not since Wimbledon in fact. They didn’t need to. So why?
He studied the other man carefully. "You didn't know?" he said.
Breathing deeply, he looking quickly around, reorienting himself. They were on the bed, side by side, the doctor a touch higher up, allowing for the embrace Sherlock had just wrenched himself from. Sherlock was naked, flaccid, the doctor not quite on either account. He was being watched, carefully, but not judgementally or disappointedly. Just carefully. With care.
"And what might that be?"
Sherlock rolled his eyes before depositing himself into the opposing armchair.
Offering a shy smile, he gave a small nod before scooting over until they were touching properly and propped himself onto his side.
What two men might do together was for them to decide provided it did not interfere with the expectation for marriage or an heir. For me, it had not been that relatively long since I had enjoyed the pleasures of a royal bedchamber, and had then had to save my young future lover from the wandering eye of that same Scottish English King.
He closed his eyes and braced himself.
"Sorry," he said rising to his feet. "Been a while since I've tried to light one of these. Took longer than I expected. Give it a few minutes though and I'm sure it will go some way to warming you up."
"Yes, Watson, of that I am aware," he said. His words were measured, his tone neutral, his expression leaning only a touch towards amusement.
The man had probably never realised just how lucky he was.
Bloody hell. That was... that was... that was like nothing else.
The river wound lazily through it, gouging out a deep channel that was too deep to walk in. The bank was crowded with trees and bushes, so he quickly gave it up and headed for higher ground where the trees were wider spaced. He paused for a drink and to relieve himself, but the coldness away from the sunlight had him pushing onwards to conserve body heat rather than stop for food.
Me. Physically. Physically me? Me. Me? Sex? Was it sex? Was that what he was referring to? Was it sex with me?
Discarding the flannel, John raised his hand to Sherlock’s face, stroking his fingers over the cheekbones before dipping his lips to press a kiss to Sherlock’s forehand.
“Hold on!”
The doctor had a past. Of course he did. You don't just kidnap a near stranger for sex for no reason, especially when the near stranger was an awkward, unpopular misfit more acquainted with being called a freak than being complimented on well, anything.
But I will hold as long as you like
“You’re giving me keys to all of your properties,” he said slowly.
"Sleep, mo ghaol ,
“You’re closer,” Sherlock said his attention already back on the television and whatever game was currently being played.
He made himself breakfast and even cleared up after himself.
"One that the patient is aware of in order to reduce the anxiety of the unknown," he expanded.
"I want to keep it. You're going to give it to me."
He took it downstairs where there was better light and more room.
Gillie-wet-foot: An old Scots word for a swindling businessman.
"There you are. You disappeared for a moment there, which is fine, just so you know, but then you started to hyperventilate, which, as a doctor, I consider to be a little less fine. So, you okay there?"
Yes, the heavy beat would certainly lend itself quite well to dancing, even to the most inept novice, of which the doctor did not appear to be.
"I'm still him, you know," Sherlock said after another long while. "William Sherlock Scott Holmes. I'm still the nineteen year old you brought here a week ago."
"My brother..." he started, was in Hong Kong. His uncle was indisposed. His parents were in the Caribbean. His lectures had been cancelled for a week for reasons he hadn’t bothered to pay attention to. He had no friends to speak off. The people in his halls would hardly miss him. And the only professor that really mattered was on sabbatical until the next term.
The biscuits.
“No, stop it. Move. You need to shower while I order breakfast.”
“Hate you,” he said, but with zero conviction.
"This- this isn't what it might look like-"
“No,” Sherlock said his tone one of unsurprised resignation.
“The residential properties, yes,” Sherlock confirmed. “Not the commercial or investment ones though. Obviously.”
“Somehow Watson is still clinging in here. Holmes has had two break points so far this game, but it’s not over yet.”
And the doctor must have known he would fail then.
“Have you got it?”
Seven days, five possible outcomes.
He watched in confused as the doctor offered a smile with a nod and then turned away, crossing over to the cupboard of LPs. He paused while looking through, as if considering the selection, before pulling out his choice and slipping the record into the player.
The brilliant bastard.
“Mmm,” Sherlock said, his lips curving into an almost smirk, his hands lowering to John’s head so his long fingers could brush through the fine hair.
Actually, the bottoms he might have seen before, on the one or two occasions when he had ventured downstairs before the doctor had fully readied himself in the morning, but they had always been accompanied by an oversized jumper, so he hadn't taken particular notice.
Because that was ultimately why he was going to do this. Wasn't it?
Inside and out?
But that would only be the start, surely.
And yet another part of him could not do it. Could not even
Footsteps again, then further clunking, the tinkling of water, the tapping of a spoon.
He looked between the two men, stacking up the deductions around probability, upbringing and linguistic ease. No, he decided, not a first language, but close.
you organised for me to see a professional masseur tomorrow?” he asked.
The doctor’s quiet word sounded suddenly loud to his ears. Amazing? He wanted to ask if the doctor really thought so. Or even to simply ask the doctor to repeat what he had said, but even that felt too much.
“Ooops,” Sherlock said mildly, with an expression that said he was far from sorry. “Let me just-” and then John had even more reason to curse as warm lips lowered to engulf his big toe.
Other than the locked room opposite, he had investigated the extent of the house. Or at least the interior of it.
"You should know, though," he continued, "the tank is sort of empty."
That didn’t stop Sherlock from looking a little nervous, the flickering candle light not managing to hide the artificial stillness of his body.
Anyway, Mycroft was busy utilising his unique meddling skills in Hong Kong on behalf of the Motherland. Even his reach did not stretch half way round the globe, at least not since Uncle Rudy had been taken ill.
He pressed his lips together. “So what do we do then?” Because he wasn’t about to just fucking sit back and take it.
finger, on
good,
There was a long look, the hysteria having given away to weariness, and then a slow nod. "Alright," the doctor said softly. "Alright. Goodnight, Sherlock."
“I’d like to see you try.”
He didn’t think it was worth extending the conversation by pointing out that he already knew the why, who, and how of the texts, but did manage to use it as the excuse to end the call and get on with enjoying his Sunday of rest.
Finding the most comfortable chair he could find, John collapsed gratefully onto it, glad to be finally out of the sun and away from things being demanding of him. Somehow the post-match press gauntlet never seemed to get any easier. Or faster for that matter. Not that they were too bad, at least not for him. The press liked him for one, he was the British golden boy after all, but there were times when what he really wanted was to be left alone.
As the games stacked up, he lost track of the time, unconsciously revelling in the warm comfort of the shared enjoyment.
Sherlock frowned. “Idaho?” he ventured.
"Sorry if that was a bit much."
Today was only day three of seven.
Harry's room, he had called it. He was probably counting on Sherlock's innate curiosity and inability to leave well alone to stop him from automatically reaching for the jeep keys and getting out of there. It was mildly frustrating that in that the doctor was apparently correct. The man knew him surprisingly well, better than anyone outside of his immediate family, and in some respects better than even them.
Author's Notes:
Unsure how to react, Sherlock accepted the food and took it to the table.
. I have you. I'm here. You're safe. Close your eyes and rest."
"Have you read all of these?"
His Doc Martens were indeed by the door and, in lieu of anything better, they would suffice for the plan and terrain.
He would not give into despair though. There was a man in that house who had kidnapped him and wanted sex. Staying was not an option.
It was like the air had been pulled from his lungs. It wasn't the words... Okay, yes, actually, it was very much the words, but it wasn't solely the words. The image the words brought about was at least part of it, but the words-
He rolled his eyes. "Coke."
Patrick Blackett was an experimental physicist who made a major contribution to WW2 advising on military strategy and developing operational research. He won the Nobel Prize for Physics in 1948.
“Finally Watson manages to hold on there. For the first time in three service games he’s managed to hold serve, forcing Holmes to serve for the match.”
“No yet.”
anything,” Sherlock said, “but I can deduce. Think about it. I’m a threat. He knows I’m not going to fall for his usual mind tricks. Not this time. So he’s going to try something else. Something bigger. I just don’t know what.”
He replaced the lid and held out the pen.
The doctor looked down at the front cover. "Uh, E.S.G. Holmes." He raised an eyebrow. "Any relation?"
Paper and pencil was not the only medium used. Two oil paintings rested in frames on the floor, their size and slight fading telling them to be the missing bedroom pieces. The first was of the castle from the day before, thin sunlight softening the rugged stone while somehow emphasising the sense of loss and loneliness. The second was the exact same scene but this time of an imagined past, the brighter sunlight warming the magnificent whole structure while casting a shadow of what was to come.
He tugged himself upright, the covers slipping down as he sought out his left forearm. The puncture mark burned an angry red against his otherwise pale skin. So he
Our second kiss was briefer, but no less meaningful.
did this to me."
"So, what about you?" the doctor asked instead, breaking the awkwardness. "Just you and your brother or are there more of you out there?"
The doctor's bark of laughter was surprising but not unwelcome.
He drew out the long notes.
he was.
“No reason why you can’t do both. Three things, in fact, if you throw in your other half as well, and we both know you play and interview considerably better when you’re getting all up close and personal with your crazy frog. Tell him he’s not getting off the hook, by the way. I’ve been speaking to that silver fox of his and we may have a thing or two up our sleeves, and
"Then we should endeavour to not cause her any undue distress," said I.
good.
A flick of the wrist and the doctor relinquished the tea towel to a hook to dry. His face was almost flushed as he beamed a smile, although there was not one hint of embarrassment or self-consciousness about him or what he had been caught doing at all.
"So what was it going to be? A bullet to the brain and the house set to burn? Old place like this, full of wood and books and old furnishings. Open fire, no neighbours, miles from anywhere. Such a tragic accident. You wouldn't even need the spare petrol stored in the woodshed outside, but that would make it all the more certain."
“There are women who have reported to have orgasmed solely from having their feet rubbed.”
He pressed his lips together before looking back at his partner who was still watching him expectantly.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Trust me?" The doctor asked quietly.
"No," Sherlock said. "No. Do it again. Properly this time."
They turned the other way down the main road, then pulled off again ten minutes later.
"If you want," the doctor said.
“Oh, thank you.” Honestly he hadn’t been expecting anything so soon. Sure it was his birthday, but the match came first. The tennis
Now he had another set to battle through.
Harry.
Walking to the windows, he stood and watched the setting sun. Waiting.
“So I should cancel the strippers then?”
injected, but this was not the come down from a cocaine high. This was... nothing. He remembered nothing. Everything was completely blank.
"A pen, my dear fellow!" he exclaimed with some amusement. "The mightiest weapon of them all. I simply used a pen and sent a short note addressed to the director of the club, and then I waited.
stimulation. Hands and mouth.
The doctor was trying to recreate what he had lost. He had returned to the old house and had kidnapped someone who was probably very similar to his lost love.
The doctor's gaze flickered, but he accepted the pen, and shortly after, the doctor's signature joined his own.
He considered what he wanted and the best way of getting it. He considered the doctor and the type of man he was. He considered the pros and cons of the options, the immediate likely future, and the wider circumstances.
He signed the autographs with a flourish and posed for a couple of photos, before making his way back to the changing rooms.
Sherlock's eyes narrowed, but he nodded. If he left within the next hour he could be a considerable distance away in that time.
, the Mark IV was more accurately summed up as
It was the first time, he realised, that he had heard anything akin to anger in the doctor's voice and this was definitely anger, but of the quiet, understated type rather than the overblown, ranting type. All colour, what little there usually was, had drained from the doctor's face, while his eyes flashed with ire tinged with a hint fear. Physically he had gone still, hand clutching his used towel, his body seeming smaller and yet somehow more dangerous now he was in pyjamas and no longer in one of his oversized jumpers.
Dates were neatly written across the backs of the photos. 1974 across the first, 1962 across the middle, 1949 across the last, and through them, Sherlock recognised the man Harry had been, grey and middle aged in the first, to a young man surely only a few years older than Sherlock was now in the last. With him stood John Watson, younger and healthier than he looked now, but, fashion aside, near identical in each picture.
He whined as the movement suddenly stopped, then strong hands were pulling him upright, pressing him down until he was fully seated on the doctor's lap. An arm wrapped around his chest, anchoring him, mouth burying into his neck, kissing and licking, all tongue and warm breath.
The creases on the doctor's face deepened as he fought a smile. "Is there anyone who doesn't want oral sex?"
He gasped and he swore and then the doctor moved again and again and again and again and then finally he hit the spot and it was good.
Three o'clock that afternoon. Seven days. Just as the doctor had promised.
Thus ends the classical music lesson... for now.
A dozen questions all clambering around his mind fighting to escape; where to start, what to say? Who was he? What happened to him? Do I remind you of him?
Be decisive. Pick your moments. Play at the net. Don’t get drawn into unnecessarily long rallies. Go for the kill. Believe you can win.
“Should we expect an all-out attack? Or maybe a more measured game plan.”
Scotland. The Highlands. The sex.
Match played, it's now time for Sherlock and John to celebrate John's birthday with style.
"Why?"
“Gentlemen, it’s time.”
Over the bloody moon.
Sherlock’s mumbled complaint caught him off guard. So lost in thought he hadn’t even noticed Sherlock waking up, but twisting his head he found that Sherlock’s eyes were still closed and his body lying almost to the inch where he had last seen it.
“Zhi Zhu, Watson forehand, Zhi Zhu, Watson volley, Zhi Zhu goes for the lob and a beautiful smash there from Watson. He took his time, lined himself up, and smashed the ball to where Zhi Zhu couldn’t get to it.”
But what? Money? Leverage? Revenge? Nothing fitted.
There was a rustle and then a couple of precise flicks of the wrist, the paper disappearing, dropped casually to one side to reveal a plainly wrapped present that had been previously hidden. There was no tag, no bow, no fancy paper, but it was clear not only what it was but who it was from.
"And what was that?" I asked.
The doctor tilted his head, mouth curving into an acknowledging smile.
That was an uneasy thought.
"Did you know?" Sherlock asked slowly, clenching his fingers together.
"I can keep the violin?"
The barrage of information almost distracted him from the questions at hand.
“It’s my birthday,” John said, his smile widening. “I’m allowed to smile.”
“Lovely finish there from Watson. He got to the slice, saw that Zhi Zhu was off balance and slammed the ball into the one place that not even Zhi Zhu could get to. Well taken, well done.
Well, when he put it like that.
The doctor's smile deepened. "True," he acknowledged.
The word Gaelic is pronounced differently depending upon which is being referred to. (Irish) Gaelic is pronounced something close to Gay-lic, while (Scots) Gaelic is pronounced closer to Gal-lic. It’s a common mistake to pronounce the wrong version when referring to Scots Gaelic, which is why John corrects Sherlock’s pronunciation.
He collapsed back down, allowing himself to go limp.
I understood his point and his concern.
The ease to which the doctor had brought him to orgasm was surprising, as was the strength of his climax. Although limited in his sexual experiences with others, he was more than capable of sating his own biological needs. Nothing had ever felt quite like that though.
The doctor was right of course, he could do with some food, but he also still had questions.
“Only for dinner with Irene. No point in repeating an outfit. She would only be disappointed and I’d never hear the end of it.”
“His partner was at both Roland Garros and Wimbledon. Obviously pregnant. He’s not down to play in Moselle despite it basically being home turf and they do like as many of us Frenchmen there as possible, which means he has better things to do and is expecting to be distracted from the tennis. Due to become a father would easily account for all of that, and obviously the baby came early otherwise he wouldn’t be here stuck on the wrong side of the Atlantic.”
Despite owning property relatively nearby, it had failed to occur to him that the doctor might actually know some of the real locals.
"Stop."
Muck snipe: Victorian slang for a “down and out”
"Because I want you to be."
It was a shock then to realise that he liked the doctor.
“And the score?”
Unused kit, spare socks, sweatbands still in their original packaging, a very expensive Omega watch - no doubt a sponsor thing.
He tried catching up on some of his course reading that had been somewhat overlooked during the week, but his mind did not want to settle.
Then the doctor climbed into the front seat, all oversized tartan jumper and easy expression.
Sherlock pursed his lips, narrowing his eyes as he kept his pose and concentration. Behind him the crowd were now silently applauding.
“Watson’s certainly not giving up, but the momentum is all with Holmes.”
The doctor's smile was small but wonderful. "Is that right?" he said. "Although, the two player version isn't as challenging as the four player," he added. "I wouldn't want you to get bored."
“Watson aimed that serve at Holmes’ body leaving Holmes with very little space to swing in. It was a clever move and for the first time this game Watson is only one point away from holding his serve.”
He got to his feet. Come on Watson, this is it, you can do this. One more set then it’s the quarter finals and Sherlock won’t be able to accuse you of not having tried your damned hardest.
She tipped her head to one side. “Oh. He hasn’t told you yet.”
Spinning, he thrust his finger against the centre of the doctor's chest.
Other music: Vera Lynn, who turned 102 in March this year, is widely known as “the Forces’ Sweetheart”, her musical recordings and performances having been enormously popular during the Second World War.
"Because that's what they told you, is it not?" the doctor continued, still holding his gaze. "The children at that school you were forced to go to. The parents who smiled to your face, but said things behind your back. Even the teachers who should have helped you but instead felt threatened by your intelligence. They called you a freak. A loner. A weirdo.
The git was still watching the television. How could he be so calm? Surely he must have known what John would find.
The doctor tapped his fingers against the table.
"You are, I presume, one of those who appear human but unlike us must consume blood rather than food to survive. Some more romantic souls might call you a seducer of the innocent, a so called creature of the night. In short, I believe you to be a member of the group of beings John Polidori sensationally described as Vampyres. I am, however, working on an incomplete data set, so please correct me if I am erroneous in theory, but on the matter of you not being quintessentially human, I am fully aware."
Exhausted, aching, and tighter strung than his match racket, it hadn’t taken much for them to explode into another rather passion-filled argument, Sherlock adamant that he simply hadn’t wanted it enough, while he had argued that that was utter bullshit, that sometimes age and fatigue and a sodding agonising shoulder could in fact count against you, and it wasn’t just because he thought his opponent was better than him.
So attack the second serve, force Sherlock into the net, especially on his backhand, and do the unexpected.
There was that feeling again. A faint wash of guilt mingled with sorrow. He wanted to offer his apologies, but was unsure as to what he would be apologising for? For being English? That was ridiculous, and he was no more responsible for actions two hundred years before his birth than the doctor was.
"Further intrigued, I widened my search and discovered at least three more mentions of an individual claiming that name and title in incidents around Europe, all of which coincided with reports of bloodless corpses being discovered, their deaths never solved.
And take him he would, over and over, driving into him again and again, wringing climax after climax from the beautifully responsive body, taking him to higher and higher heights, until finally satisfied, he would finally let himself go, and tip them over the final edge together.
“You should be congratulated, John. I’ve never seen him look so… happy.”
There was a flash of a smile at the acknowledged weak joke, but then the doctor had turned away and busied himself relaying the fire. He did so quickly and smoothly and it wasn't long before both the light and the warmth added to the room.
"If you're done critiquing my book collection," the doctor said with a mild hint of amusement, "there's a box of games behind you which need storing. Cupboard under the stairs. Move stuff around, but there should be enough room."
“Watson with the serve, but the ball clips the net and goes long. He lines up for his second serve. Holmes forehand return, Watson forehand, Holmes forehand, Watson, slice from Holmes, Watson gets to it, but the lob from Holmes soars over Watson’s head and bounces into the far corner of the court.”
The laughter at that thought caught him off guard. Perched on the bath side, he pressed his fist to his mouth, stifling the sound that even to his ears sounded a little hysterical. Was that all it took to rend him nonsensical? One kiss and all the blood in his body pooling in a lower extremity?
And just to be clear, whatever Sherlock consented to, he didn't consent to that last part. And John knows it.
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed. “You feel uncomfortable about our financial inequality.”
“And the smash from Holmes. He punches the air and takes the set.”
“To impress me?”
It couldn't be his first language. Could it?
"We danced to this, the last time we were here."
Nodding to the ball boy, John caught the balls on his racket strings, inspected the first for lack of fluffiness, and slipped it into his pocket. He checked the second ball, then bounced it twice and made his way back to the baseline.
He returned to the court, mind running through his game plan.
“It’s the breaks that really matter. Watson won’t want this match to drag on, especially as it’s only going to get hotter, but he has to hold it here.”
They continued to sway as the music slipped from one track into the next, the beat picking up briefly but their movements staying much the same.
2) Somehow every part of this story has a tie song or piece of music, and a board game. The reasons will become far clearer in the next part. This part isn’t particular obvious for either, but since there is a theme, the music for this part is the Braveheart Theme, and the board game is Diplomacy. I’m sure you can figure out why.
He blinked. “Sorry, did you say something?”
Now there was the question of the space heater; off or on. On would keep the room warm, but at the risk of it getting too warm considering what they were planning on doing. Switching it off though ran the risk of having to halt part way through to warm up.
He decided to change the subject.
Because he wasn’t really one of them. One of
I waited until after the case of the resident patient, when I thought he would be the least distracted and most receptive to my words.
He took a few seconds to allow it to sink in before starting on the post-victory rituals. He waved to the crowd, and then jogged over to the net to shake hands with his opponent and then with the umpire. He took another drink and then packed up his things, making sure the lids were firmly screwed shut on the bottles and his rackets were safe and secure. He completed the courtside interview with an easy smile and some slight self-deprecating humour. He wasn’t sure how the Americans would take the humour, but figured those watching at home would appreciate it.
With this he sunk into his customary chair, closed his eyes and bowed his head as if waiting for execution.
"Sure, why not," the doctor said, lifting his drink.
Sherlock, of course, denied that he had challenged John to at least reach the quarter finals on the off chance they would get to face each other on opposing sides of the net. The chance to face someone who had beaten him in the only professional game they had played against each other naturally did not come into it, nor did the chance to beat one of the few players to have beaten Moriarty that season.
“And it’s an ace from Holmes.”
They each watched the other.
It was only when his cock starting to try to thicken again that the kiss was finally broken, the doctor's smile rueful in a way that said he knew exactly what was happening.
The rain ran through the doctor's hair and across the coat he had obviously taken the time to put on. For a dangerous kidnapper and potential rapist he looked remarkably innocent, with his mild expression and nonchalant attitude. Just another everyday man in his late thirties, early forties, a teacher, or vicar... or your doctor.
“Watson with the serve. Holmes forehand. Watson backhand. Holmes forehand. Watson with the slice. Holmes returns but it hits the net and bounces out.”
"I promise you that," the doctor continued. "I'm not going to lie, I want us to be sexually intimate, but I'm not going to force you. Understand? I'm not going to rape you. I'm not even going to touch you without your permission. Okay? And I'm certainly not going to kill you. Do you understand?"
“For the first time in this match, possibly even in this tournament, Sherlock Holmes could be in trouble.”
Fuck, fuck and double fuck.
Also a pub.
What was he thinking?
There was, in John’s mind at least, three ways in which he could possibly beat Sherlock Holmes.
“This Wednesday, in fact.”
It was not what Sherlock had been expecting.
he thinks.
At this he at least afforded me the curtesy of quiet while I gathered the words with which to speak.
For those of you as confused as Sherlock about John's question about "Highlander", "Highlander" is a film and television franchise that began with a 1986 fantasy movie starring Christopher Lambert as Connor MacLeod, the Highlander. Born in Glenfinnan, in the Scottish Highlands in the 16th century, MacLeod is one of a number of Immortals who can die only after being beheaded.
"Hamish!"
His obvious and unfettered excitement over his newly discovered test for blood was both so delightful and infectious that it mattered little that in the future he would not need it.
“That’s right, Ann. There’s a reason they’ve nicked-named wonder kid Zhi Zhu the Chinese spider bird, and it’s not just because of his name. He’d got aggression and agility, and all the markings of a potential top world class player. He’s fast, he’s dynamic, and when he gets it right, he’s deadly, as Mardy Fish discovered in the last round.”
(See the end of the chapter for
"Sherlock."
“So, what does Miss Adler want?” he asked as soon as he was free to wander back out again. “Three texts, must be important.” And it wasn’t as if they were the first texts Sherlock had received from her in the past few days. They were in town, she was in town, it made sense.
The doctor looked at the book, turning it over in his hand before replying, "Seriously?"
"I've never told anyone," Sherlock admitted softly. Until now he had thought that no one had known. Well, not
"Three o'clock."
“’I will, in short, gentlemen,’ I said, ‘turn your lives into one of turmoil and persecution that not one of you would wish to step foot in this country for a hundred years. You must understand, gentlemen, this is not something I would wish to do, but for the sake and safety of my fellow men, it is a step I would be willing to take. On the other hand, deal with this matter as you see fit and I shall gladly fain ignorance of your existence until the end of my days’.
He was actually happy.
Or of looking like a fool.
"Needed I to be?" he asked, raising an eyebrow in my direction. "I know you to be a loyal, honest, noble man, of strong character and morals. You neither cause harm nor prey on the unwilling. Should you have wished me harm you have had plenty of opportunity before now."
Because of course Sherlock had pulled the second match on the bigger court, just in time for evening in Europe and after the midday sun here. But John couldn’t complain too much. He was in the fourth round of the US Open and scheduled to play on the second biggest court, in front of a ten thousand strong army of fans. Things would never get much better than this.
"Watson," he said, even as he continued to prefer a lowered head to look directly at me. "
“Good idea,” John agreed as he reached for the fruit salad, “but I thought I told you that you didn’t have to go to too much effort.”
"You can put something on, if you want."
In 1900, German mathematician David Hilbert published 23 problems which were all unsolved at the time. They ranged greatly in topic and precision. Some – like the 3rd problem – are propounded precisely enough to enable a clear affirmative or negative answer. Others require interpretation or are not precise enough to specify a particular problem but were suggestive enough so that certain problems of more contemporary origin seem to apply. Still others concern what are now flourishing mathematical subdisciplines, like theories of quadratric forms.
of him.
Light flooded in and for a moment his brain screamed in protest, pain blazing bright across his brow, behind his eyes, before settling down into a steady thrum of discomfort. Dehydration, he realised, his mouth feeling tacky, his tongue heavy, even as he registered the first signs of needing to urinate.
you were
“Watson wipes his face down again as the two players change ends. He keeps his head down, not acknowledging the calls from the British fans in the crowd. Now he retreats to the baseline for his next serve. He bounces the ball, and serves, but the ball is called long. He recomposes himself, bounces the ball, pauses and now serves. Zhi Zhu with the return, Watson forehand, Zhi Zhu backhand, but it bounces wide.”
It was frustrating.
He sank his fingers into his palm, the brief spark of pain a pleasant side effect of his newly awoken senses. He had forgotten the rush that came from feeding from a living subject. Or not exactly forgotten, he had
The images flickered without rhyme or reason, a tangled web without pattern or sense. One moment a beach on the edge of a shining loch, the next London, heavy in yellow fog, the next a full-rigged sailing ship cutting through a blue ocean.
"Come on," he heard the doctor say. "Let's get you back before you catch a chill."
The jeep was out of petrol.
“You won Wimbledon. Of course you’re going to be nominated for Sports Personality,” Clara had said when he had offered a joke about that not being a sure thing. “Don’t be ridiculous.”
“You’re not bored now, are you?”
“Yes. Yes, must have been, through that window.”
Transcript taken from https://arianedevere.livejournal.com/42853.html
“Who the hell are you? How do you know that?”
Sherlock takes out the pill and holds it between his thumb and finger, raising it to the light to examine it more closely.
“The bullet they just dug out of the wall is from a hand gun. Kill shot over that distance from that kind of a weapon – that’s a crack shot you’re looking for, but not just a marksman; a fighter. His hands couldn’t have shaken at all, so clearly he’s acclimatized to violence. Not only that, but to be in flight while he shot – we’ve narrowed the pool down considerably. He didn’t fire until I was in immediate danger, though, so strong moral principle. You’re looking for a man probably with a history of military service ...” As Sherlock pauses, Lestrade absently lifts one of the golden threads off the ambulance and Sherlock realizes it’s his. He sees John standing some distance away behind the police tape – his wings hidden in his coat, as they’ve been since the lab. “... and nerves of steel ...”
“Ah, yes. The bravery of the soldier. Bravery is by far the kindest word for stupidity, don’t you think? What is your connection to Sherlock Holmes?”
Most people use them as decoration, dyeing and plucking them to maintain a certain aesthetic. Like peacocks, their designs are often used for seduction, if not expression. He usually would ignore wings in a case like this, especially ones that are as unkempt as these. Sherlock shifts, aware that Molly is watching him from the window, and his own wings flex behind him into a similar position.
“Mike, can I borrow your phone?” He says, minutes later, as he comes to his conclusion. Mike laughs but doesn’t have his phone.
Sherlock drops his pill in surprise as a gunshot rings out. Sherlock turns, slides over the desk behind him and hurries to the window, bending down to stare through the bullet hole in the glass as the cabbie groans on the floor. None of the windows are open and there is nobody in sight. A flicker of gold, and Sherlock catches the sight of golden wings as the shooter flies into the sky. He cant help the small smile on his face as he stares into the night sky.
“I’m to take you home.”
“Starving.”
“Oh, I wouldn’t say that.” Lestrade rolls his eyes, but pauses at a flicker of light beneath Sherlock’s wings.
