STEVE: You too.
I didn't bribe anyone, I just called in a couple favours and convinced the Government that putting you in jail for 25 years wasn't good for anyone, so they agreed to at least let you have bail. A pretty freaking expensive bail...but one I managed to cover none the less.
As much as I know this isn't going to help my case, the reason I know that Loki is in Asgard is because he text me.
Steve xx
I'll be okay. I promise.
Is May the one you live with? She knows you’re writing to me, right? Seriously, if she doesn’t like it, we need to stop. I’m not worth giving up a family for.
Ah sorry, I feel like i'm sounding really judgy now. I'm not! I'm just interested really... I mean I wonder if Steve Rogers would have kept his identity secret if he had had the chance, I've heard he had turned down a bunch of interviews since waking up. He seems like the type of person to like his privacy...
Steve
Penny,
I know you wouldn't hurt a woman for no reason, and so does anyone who really knows you.
Don't worry. Everything will be alright.
Mitigating circumstances- the kidnap of his son; Rogers' surrender and return to custody at the earliest possible time= Not Guilty
Penny
Steve,
Just hang in there a little longer. They just want to be sure you're safe...
Dad I'm scared..
Anyway, long story short, I told him he was an asshole, put on the suit to 'show him', dangled him out of a window for a while, and then left him with Steve to lecture him on respecting people and the irresponsibility of intimidating and bullying people just because you can. They have now been in there 20 minutes and all I can hear is the little tick saying 'Yes sir, No sir'. I think we can say he's suitably ashamed. It's sort of awesome. Also, hilarious.
Dear Penny,
Natasha.
Nattie,
It is too hot to do anything fun. I'll probably just go hang out round Lucy's and play video games or something.
Tony,
As for how I got him to say it, don’t underestimate my powers of persuasion :P Or my supplies of Ben & Jerrys, officially Steve Roger’s favourite thing about the future. I think they should introduce a Cap-themed range just for him, like ‘The Star Spangled Flan with a Plan’ or something. Or just call it ‘Who’s Dick?’, though not many people would get the joke. I was expressly forbidden from putting it on the internet, so it’s going to have to wait a little while at least.
Head of Legal Department, Stark Industries
STEVE: ...Bye.
Steve xxxx
you are
You've made some stupid decisions lately and it might be a while before I can make peace with them. But I love you and I hope you'll come see me soon. Maybe we can start to fix this.
Call your aunt and tell her to STAY IN FLORIDA.
I don't give a damn about being Captain America anymore. I'm not too interested in representing a country I don't agree with. Let them find some other spokesperson to do it, because I'm out.
Tony,
Guilty
Well if you are sure, I won't say anything until after the vote. I hate that people are thinking about you like some kind of wife beater though. You are the sweetest guy in the world, I know you'd never hurt someone without good reason.
NATASHA:
Turns out it doesn't like loud noises. Kind of wish I'd realised that before it trashed my first suit, but.....
Also, Mary Jane is totally uninvited from the beach party.
Penny
But fine, I'll make sure to protect Fort Awesome from any evil robots :P
It might be the serum, but I'll wait till he is a little bigger before I run the tests I think... then again maybe I should find out now...we'll have to up security if he has inherited your serum. I mean you need permission from the president to give a blood sample, I don't want people targeting him for his.
Super he-row? Seriously? I find it hard to believe this was written by professionals....
JARVIS:
Jen also brought up the clone...she thinks she might be able to get an injunction against its use if knowledge of its existence were to be leaked to the public... she thinks she can argue that as long as that thing exists, registered heroes have no guarantee that they won't be also have clones of themselves made into weapons.
If you want to come see me, come see me. But your aunt won't like it. She told me never to come near you again, etc. Was she like this with Loki? She realises he's way, way more dangerous than I'll ever be, right? At least to you.
Well we never really talked about kids. Have you ever thought about it? I'm not sure it is for me, I'd probably be a pretty awful Mom.
Next time you see him, call us.
P.P.S I have another two weeks, and then I'm done with school for the summer. Just got to get through the whole Gwen and Mary Jane nagging me to go to the Junior Prom thing first.
P.S I taped the arm wrestle match with Thor. He won but he said I was an honourable opponent, and then he tried to give me mead but Cap confiscated it because I'm under 21. Apparently they don't have legal drinking ages in Asgard so he seemed a little confused.
Harry does have a way to call for help, it’s called 911. Look, the Avengers reached out to his dad and his dad didn’t want to know. There’s not much else we can do except keep you the hell away from them and whatever they’re mixed up in.
I backed off because I didn’t want to hurt you, but side with Loki again and I may not have a choice. Don’t put me in that position. Spiderman should be with the Avengers, not against.
Disturbance of the Peace
Nattie,
At least the idea of Osbourne making an AI gave me a laugh. That guy can’t program to save his life. He’s a business man, not a scientist. He’ll make out it’s all sophisticated because it has 6000 pre-programmed responses instead of making it able to respond for itself. Even Ultron is more advanced than that, let alone Jarvis.
NATASHA: ...yeah. He is your son, after all.
I guess I have to congratulate you. Getting Spiderman to unmask like that on television? That's a pretty powerful image. Especially as when this thing started he was supporting me. You know, some warning would have been nice. I'm surprised you didn't come gloating that you were about to pull that particular rabbit out of the hat.
I'm sorry about Aunt May, I told you it wasn't her fault but she doesn't want to listen. She is just scared, she'll calm down in a while.
P.S. You’re pretty oblivious about relationships aren’t you? Stay innocent, kid.
He was helpful though, old Vish. With Jarvis down, he was the one that could trace the pin. Then he went invisible (also not my idea, but AWESOME) and strolled around the base until he found which wall we needed to punch down. I guess you know the rest.
I can't help feeling this whole thing is about to blow up in our faces. We've been at a stalemate for too long, and someone is going to break somewhere and do something they regret. Just promise me it won't be you.
In a way this should come as no surprise after Cap campaigned so fiercely against the act. However, this stubborn refusal only serves as another blow on the reputation of a man that has already come under heavy fire when it was revealed he routinely beats women as part of his capers. Now Rogers is going against the clear will of the American people- the very will he, as Captain America, usually claims to serve and protect.
Love you,
It doesn't actually bother you right?
Until you are back!? When is that going to be? I thought this would just be till morning! You know you are basically keeping us prisoner right?
JARVIS: He is heading for the nursery, ma'am.
I'm leaving at the weekend. I noticed you never gave me an answer about seeing you before then.
P.S Oh before I forget, you know how I promised to stay away from Loki? That might be a little more difficult than I thought. He sort of goes to my school now, and is in my class. It is weird, he aged like 4 years. At first I didn't recognise him, but then he got introduced and there aren't that many people called Loki around after all. Don't worry though, I'm pretty sure he doesn't realise I'm Spiderman. He thinks I'm just a normal girl in class.
Penny
Steve
P.S. So why didn't Osbourne work on Wanda at the base, when they were still volunteering and we didn't know about them yet?
Steve,
Didn't the super solider serum give Cap like a super metabolism or something? I bet he could eat icecream all day and night and not get fat. That must be nice... What is his favourite flavour?
So did you only hear about me when it came back positive? Or when I sent the letter?
Nattie,
I believe Mrs Stark did place some tracking devices in some of James' toys, but there activation has shown them all to be in his room. She had begun working on new ones to go into his pacifiers, but I am not aware if they were completed or not, however if they were, I know Mrs Stark would have made sure he had one, hypnotised or not.
Penny
Oscorp is a terrible company and she should have stayed with me, just saying. Hope you know where your loyalties lie!
I was thinking, since Aunt May isn't well...maybe I could move in with you again for a while. I mean she needs to relax, not worry about whether her super powered niece is gonna turn into a monster again...
Tony,
She won't be coming by the tower any time soon.
Jarvis.
Apologies for the later than usual update. Family holidays can be busy!
Let me be blunt- Loki needs to be taken down before he kills someone, and at this rate it’s going to be you. Think about it.
Be careful out there alright? Ultron really didn't seem to like you...you might be the one he tries to take out the most. Are you sure it is even safe for me to send this? I know you send it was a secure feed, but without Jarvis...
Penny,
P.S. Spiderman showing up that fast? Real subtle. Now every kid at that school will realise Spiderman goes there, Loki included. Good luck.
Third, Eugene is coming to your party. He’s the entertainment, ie. I am going to get in the armour and drag his face along the rock. Then I’m going to climb two hundred feet and drop him in the ocean. Asshole. One day you’ll make in an hour what he makes in a month.
Sorry...I've just been thinking about this sort of stuff lately...
I've had people talk about me before, but never been the popular kid...it is weird. I'm used to Jocks and Cheerleaders trying to avoid me, not actively try to be my friend. Speaking of Cheerleaders, they asked me to join their squad. That is something I 100% don't want to do.
Penny,
Natasha.
Enjoy you movies. I'm watching all the shows you hate :P
The problem is, though, how you're going to get in and out without being recognised. Most people miss me if I stick on a hat and some glasses, but you're pretty recognisable whatever you wear. The hotel isn't one of your regular haunts, right?
That said, we weren’t ever a couple. To be honest, I didn’t even know her that well. We had fun working together, and then after my folks died and she broke up with her fiancée we fell together one time. I never knew she got pregnant, it was barely anything. She left the company when she got back together with him. She seemed pretty happy about it though.
So do you know exactly where he was hiding in my house? Because I do tend to use my bedroom for stuff like, for example, GETTING DRESSED!
Just a reminder that Saturday's update will be pushed back to Sunday. See you then!
Penny
Thanks for the notebook pages, they’re pretty interesting. If you don’t mind, I’d like to see the rest of her notes sometime. There could be all sorts of things in there.
But you're right, let's not talk about it. I guess I always kind of thought I'd like to name my son after Bucky. I mean, he was like a brother to me... His given name was James. And for a girl, I guess I'd have to suggest Sarah, after my mom. But you know, I'm not going to really fight for it. It's your kid too and there might be people in your life you want to remember. You must have some ideas.
I try to ignore the papers, but it is hard when you are on the front page every day being called a menace.
STEVE: You remembered?
Aww you worked it out. Well done! Too bad it is much much too late for you to do anything. Your son is mine, and now your wife is mine, and after I make her fry you I'll release control just long enough to let her see what she's done, and then i'll snap her neck so she can join you in hell.
Is that why Steve started training me? So we could get closer? Cause you know that is a little sneaky :P And here I thought he was actually worried about me getting killed :P
Nattie,
P.S. You don’t like alcohol? That’s cute. Your choice, kid.
Tony,
I just said Loki seemed nice, and really I would have thought you'd be more concerned about the hitting on me thing. Look you don't need to worry, I'm not interested in 12 year olds, and it is pretty doubtful I'll see him again. Like I said, I just save him from some weird monsters. It could have been anyone.
Guilty
P.s hey you might get lucky and some of those kids might convince their parents to vote.
P.S. I’m still not convinced Loki didn’t cast some creepy voodoo on your house, so you’re going to have to wait until Strange can go take a look. Sorry.
Penny,
Hope you're feeling better.
Unscheduled Sunday update go!
Dear Mr Stark,
won’t do that again’!
I couldn't get Jarvis back. Not properly. I have his basic code back online, but he was always a learning and modifying AI and we've gone back to square one. Everything he'd developed, everything he'd become, his personality, it all went and got absorbed into Vision. He's not really Jarvis any more, and even if I leave him on now, there's no guarantee he'll develop and grow into the same person.
Hopefully the other stuff will die away if we show the world it was Sin manipulating the evidence and making me out to be a scoundrel. Who knows, we might even be able to get a re-vote on the act one day if the court rules people were unfairly influenced... ha. I can dream, right?
Alright, I won't invite Harry to the party...but I hope you know this means I can't invite Mary Jane now because it'll look like I'm taking side, and If I only invite Gwen that'll cause it's own set of problems.
Penny.
Darling I encrypted your phone months ago, it uses the same encoded line mine does, so no one can find you but me and I have no intention of putting you in jail and raising this kid alone. You are fine.
“ I wish you had told me, about the cold water"  he said sniffling a little, probably already catching a cold.
“I love you sweetheart” he whispered into his ear brushing back Tony’s sweat dampened hair
“Who’s the kid now?” he asked and Steve laughed as Tony played him with simple logic.
“Steve?”
“this is so embarrassing” he whined after a few seconds and Steve figured that he must be feeling better.
“But he’s at school?” rhodey nodded
“Tony let’s get you something to eat okay? I am sure the others have somethings to discuss and you dont need that on your mind right now" Natasha told him holding out a hand and for once Tony didnt argue and he silently left with her, the sheet pulled all the way upto his chin and the tail of it dragging on the floor. Steve would have laughed at the sight if not for what he had just been told.
“You with me?” Tony nodded , wiping the sleep from his face with his good hand.
Two days, he can do this, he just needs a nice hit shower, Really that’s all that mattered at the moment.
“he doesn’t trust me completely yet and nor should he. I don’t want to spook him, he is adamant and stubborn and if we push him too hard he will get defensive" if tony was anything like howard then Steve atleast had experience in that department .
Tony was wedged in between the small space , he was only wearing a pair boxers which Steve didn’t remember seeing last night.
“drugs Tony, what did you take?” he said mildly irritated again but he used his free hand to rub gentle circles on Tony’s arm.
“Hurts" he said voice small as he let out another whine and he felt a hand on his shoulder and he turned back and natasha motioned for him hold Tony.
“we will see" and Tony pouted and well, Steve was a sucker for that pout.
“He’s only sixteen. Watch your mouth” he said as he glared at him.
“Ah" steve smirked “maybe you need a reality check huh?” he said and when Tony looked at him through squinting doubtful eyes he pulled the teen in for a kiss.
“It’s their fault! I didn’t do anything” he grimaced and Steve sent him to  go take a shower.
He trailed his kisses lower along Tony’s chest and down towards his navel stopping there to give tony time to adjust to the feeling . Tony shuddered under him and his breathing was picking up.
“Good" Steve said placing the small button on the table.
The next time he came to, it was much more pleasant. The air around him didn’t smell burnt and the fog around his mind was cleared. He pried his eyes open, thankful they had left the lights at dim or Steve’s enhanced retinas would have burned.
“ What do you mean he cant breathe? What happened?” he asked as he followed pepper towards wherever Tony was.
“no I mean” he patted the bed awakwardly next to him “with me” he said unsurely.
“steve I don’t think any of us realized just how smart Tony is, these past few days he’s been working so hard, I will never be able to question his genius. But to answer your question,  I think it’s going to be a difficult run but he will be okay"
He still refused to look up ,
The walls were definitely thin and he has to be careful.
“you guys look cozy" nat commented , clint fake gagged as he placed cartons of food on the table beside them.
He changed tactics , “how is that injury?” He asked knowing tony couldn’t deny it or brush it off as nothing after that reaction.
“That’s not fair" he said and Steve really was confused but he reminded himself to stay calm and listen. Because he really needed to listen to what Tony wanted and not just needed.
“Its complicated" he finished.
“Don’t feel good" he said his throat sounded raw and Steve smiled reassuringly at him before sitting down completely onto the floor.
"Steve, go drag him up here, I want to eat the popcorn!" Clint whined. I nodded getting up to go find my genius. I hadn't seen him the whole day.
"huh? Nothing, just got a little overloaded with energy from the squiggles, but I switched it out, so now it's perfectly fine" he said nonchalantly before abruptly kissing me.
Steve nodded “I need you to keep an eye on Tony please" Bruce frowned
“Where is widow? The last I heard from her was before I got here" he asked clint
“no honey, not yet. Is something hurting?” bruce was still running his hands over tony looking for something.
“he has really got you wrapped around his fingers rogers" she said without turning back and he smiled knowing it was true .
“Woah hey , slow down!” he said as he was pushed onto the bed and Tony quickly crawled up next to him and all but wrapped his limbs around him tightly and held him there.
“you with me?”
“Tony, I want to ask you something, come here” he said pulling his closer and Steve layed down on his side ,propped up on his elbow, facing Tony and brushed his fingers through his hair before reaching into the neck of his shirt and pulled the dog tags out. He played with them in his fingers for a few seconds before he saw Tony’s curiosity.
“Funny. I take the comm link helped?” he felt Tony nod against his neck, his hair tickling and Steve fought the urge to scratch the itch it left behind
He rolled his eyes at the now pouting teen and pulled away from him to reach for the first aid kit he had abandoned a while ago.
“that was an impressive swan dive  you did today. Ten on ten I would say.” Tony smirked pulling away from steve and resting back on the chair and steve sat down on the adjacent chair turning it towards his lover.
“It’s a minor injury and I will be fine. I am also hungry” she said pointing towards the general direction of the kitchen with her thumb and Tony jumped
I could hear Bruce walking back into the room and my breaths turned into short gasps. Steve pressed his lips to the side of my head "You are okay tony, This will only take a minute and then we can go back to watching the movie." He whispered. "deep breathes, honey" he kept muttering comforting things as I pushed back into Steve's chest as much as possible trying to hide from the needle Bruce was now carrying towards me.
I ignored him and went straight to Steve who was sitting with a newspaper(who even reads those?) on the couch and collapsed into him. "hi there,I missed you" I told him forcing him to put the newspaper down in exchange for me. He immediately pulled me closer running a hand through my hair "No amount of coddling is going to get you any bacon today." he said matter of factly. Damn!He knew me so well.
“What have I said?”
“I am going back to shield” he huffed and Steve caught his hand just in time and pulled him back to the bed. He settled against Steve immediately and Steve knew that Tony had missed this as well.
“I’ll see what I can do" he said taking a bite of his sandwich. Tony and bruce have been spending a lot of time at shield studying the reactor and Tony had slept at the base every single night.
“don’t you have important captain America things to do too?” he asked pursing his lips
“What’s the alternative?” the others were atleast faring better than Steve was
“it’s just five days Tony. You kids like having sleepovers right. It will be fun.”
He watched as natasha made it over to the bed, steve suddenly feeling like maybe he should be covering Tony up , but she simply pulled the sheets away from under him completely before tucking it back again around him. She settled on the bed as Steve watched silently , wondering what was happening as bruce followed , with a tray of mugs , steve could see the fumes coming from them. He set them on the night stand and pulled a chair near the bed and settled down.
“Bad dream?” he asked as Tony settled back down, his heart rate was still too fast but getting better.
He knew she didn’t just mean his distractions causing injuries, there was a tone to her voice he couldn’t place. He nodded nevertheless catching his breath.
He didn’t wait for Steve to park the bike ,just jumped off as soon he came to a stop and ran over to towards the door shaking the water out his hair. Maybe Steve should have left Tony wear his helmet after all, he thought to himself as he parked the bike and got off.
“Who else knows?”
“ok gorgeous whatever you want” he said biting on his earlobe ,smirking when Tony jumped at the feeling. He felt weak hands pushing his face away reminding steve that Tony was still weak and needed to recover.
“It was hacked by Tony. So he could get my number.” Again,
“Can you stand?” he asked as he watched Tony wobble a little on his feet as he carefully stood up, he kept his hands hovering around his waist to catch him not wanting a repeat of what happened two days ago.
“I ate some” and before Steve could scold him he calmly said “but I am hungry now so let’s go eat something?” and Steve smiled when he caught Bruce’s exasperated handshake at how well Tony had learnt to manipulate Steve.
Steve didn’t see tony for an entire two days after that encounter.
“Okay, but you are not off the hook from this lecture" tony nodded silently and natasha re did his hair properly because she was a perfectionist unlike Steve as she always claimed.
“What’s wrong? Does it hurt? Are you alright?” he asked swiping his thumb across Tony’s cheek and he shook his head
“how?” Tony asked as they prodded at the bruises on his torso , Steve was distracted and didn’t catch the meaning of what he asked as his eyes lingered on the finger shaped bruises on either side of Tony’s torso where Steve had grabbed him before the blast.
“Tony, hey you need to answer Steve buddy. We need to know what you took” Clint chided gently and Tony looked at Steve and then Clint and then at Steve again before he mumbled something that sounded like rumlows name and Steve saw red.
Once everyone left, Steve sat down on his chair and turned towards Tony watching him glare daggers into the door , presumably aimed at pepper.
I pulled away slightly putting a hand at the base of his neck and lifted his head to kiss him, trying to kiss away all the frustration. He pulled away, waiting for me to look at him, once I did he said "what can I do to make it up to you? You name it, and I'll do it." He said raising an eyebrow his hands moving up my shirt suggestively. I moved my hands to still his hands roaming my chest "I need you to let Bruce check your burns, and do a blood test" I stated taking advantage of his offer. He physically deflated at that. I felt him sag in my hold "okay" he said softly.
"Mr.Rogers? Oh thank god! Rhodey I got him!" Steve had to pull the phone away from his ear when pepper shouted through it.
“The cartoon on the TV, contradicts your argument” Steve said amused as Tony mock gasped
“I said I was sorry ,don’t be sad” he said trying to make Steve smile using his fingers. Steve caught his hand and gave his fingers a kiss.
“do you think they still are existing?” natasha asked after she glanced at Steve’s blank face
Tony struggled even more at that, he is going to be so angry at us after this. But it's okay, he will be okay.
“It’s too cold!”
his mind was reeling , there was still some pressure on his chest and it took him a few moments to realize that someone was laying against his chest. He moved a shaky hand to wipe his face off the water and then finally turned to the voice that pulled him out of the nightmare.
After five minutes of silence Tony cleared his throat and Steve asked
Buckys breathing was erratic as his pupils constricted and something on his face seemed to  clear
“Okay…did you sleep at all last night?”
‐------------------------‐----------‐------------------------‐---‐---------------------
Let me know if there is some situation you guys would like to see Tony and Steve in ,I will try and add it in 😊
“Uhm, I am fine thank you” he said
“You want me to touch you?” He asked as he watched his cock twitch at the mention of touching but Steve didn’t , he kept teasing and tony was getting restless in between his hips grinding back against steve and he had to bite his lips to not lose to his own needs because he couldn’t do that to his still sixteen and virginal sweetheart.
Tony sat in the far right but for once he wasn’t sitting with rhodey or pepper. They were sitting on opposite ends of the room actually.
Bruce took what looked like a thermometer from Nat's hand as Steve sat next to me and she handed me a glass of water. I didn't take it immediately so she held it up to my lips while Steve tipped my head towards the glass to drink it. Well guess I am drinking the water then.
“hey, how are you feeling?”steve asked just as Tony’s eyes met his. His face scrunched up at the feeling of the mask and he tried to pull it off only to be caught off guard by the iv line he found pulling on his arm and just as he tried to rip it off steve caught his hand and intertwined their fingers.
“I saw ,I read the files when I hacked into shield. Because I was god damned worried for you"
“we are just going to sleep okay? I can see you are really tired too, I am sure your weeks were just as bad as mine. So please let’s just get some sleep okay?” He said and promptly pulled Tony’s briefs down and Tony let out a surprised squeak before covering up his manhood with his hands.
“Uhm, I don’t think so.. he kinda seems out of it.” Now Steve was annoyed as to why in the world would  Tony drink this much.
“Shh, sweetheart I promise we will get it out. Don’t cry , hey its gonna be okay" as he said that natasha came in followed by a very distressed nurse and Steve could have only guessed what she would have threatened her with to bring her here.
His concern now increased ten fold, he worried at his lower lip as he watched Tony trying to curl in on himself
“three weeks?”
“No no no” Steve frowned as Tony pulled away “I have to go" he said sitting up searching the bed for his shirt.
It was over? That's good right? Then why am I not able to catch my breath? Panic over took me and before I knew it Steve had pulled me into his lap and Nat was holding water to his lips.
“Okay I am going to let him sleep for a while, he needs to rest. If obadiah shows up let him know that Tony is okay and that he can take him home”
He sighed, running a hand through his hair taking a step back from the bed
“I failed to save Bucky once, I thought I lost him that day. People think captain America is a hero but Tony you have to understand that my biggest failure after the serum was me being unable to save my best friend from the fatal fall."
Unfortunately tony picked up on the suspicion too
He walked around sitting down opposite to them and watched as Tony unravelled what looked like a gun and Steve almost broke the plate in his hands.
"How long have you been like this?" He asked softly all traces of irritation anger drained from his voice, now only left with worry and concern.
Tony,
Natasha,
. For such a smart kid, you really are being super dumb. Thor always falls for his tricks, you have no excuse.
The most annoying thing is he didn't do anything I couldn't have done. I mean, all he did was strap your body down and then make a load of noise and wave some fire around. I could have done that with matches, no Asgardian voodoo required. He scared it into this little jar and you can bet your life he wanted to keep it, but Fury pointed more and more guns at his head until he handed it over. We're lucky Fury doesn't trust anyone, not even Captain America.
Look, I don’t really get what you want from me. If you want me to be a dad, it’s better we get that hurt out of the way fast. It isn’t going to happen. It will never happen. Whatever father figure you have, (s)he’ll be way better than I ever would be or could be. My best advice is take the money and run. Trust me, you’ll like me better if you never meet me, and I won’t have to deal with the guilt of messing you up. It’s win/win, right?
Oh would it be okay to have a couple friends over sometime? Mary Jane really wants to see what it is like in the tower.
Well, our agreements finally outnumber the disagreements, so that's good, right? Maybe we can start by working on some of those things we agree about.
So before I go any further, let me just...I'm sorry.
Tony,
You know. I bet his parents are divorced. Classic transference (Yeah thats right, I can do psychology too :P)
Penny,
Penny
I read some of the tweets earlier, a lot of people are starting to think I haven't said anything because I'm trying to protect you. They've even started putting up pictures of me where you can see slight bruising. I save the planet every other day! Of course I have bruises!!
Steve xxxx
I think if you're claiming to be that sexy you ought to prove it. Pictures or it didn't happen.
I get that you think I’m inexperienced, and maybe I’ve been an idiot with the whole Loki thing, but I can handle myself! I took down a huge lizard man on my own, doesn't that count for something?
Okay, what? You are not seriously blaming me for Loki being creepy? Why won't you listen to me when I say he's not your friend, he is up to something! He is climbing a pile of corpses to try and get to the top and if you keep this up the next one is going to be yours. Remember, I gave him the benefit of the doubt when I left him alone in the Tower with you, and how did that turn out? You and the twins kidnapped and Loki trying to trade Harry for you, which meant Harry found out who you are, which meant we have to illegally detain him until your aunt gets you out. Your identity is about to be uncovered because of him, and you're sitting there blaming me? Don't buy into this reincarnation bullshit, kid. So Thor says he died, so what? Clearly not a big deal to Asgardians. And don't tell me Loki couldn't predict Thor would find a way to bring him back, even I would have seen that one coming. So how do you know this isn't all some scheme to try and get stupid, gullible people to trust him again? Seriously, WAKE UP.
You know if you just carry on without registering, you'll be arrested. It won't matter what you've done in the past, if you are leader of some rebellion they will make an example of you and send you to prison for a long time!
First of all. This is dumb. You are in the next room, we could just talk if you weren't so pig headed! But fine, whatever.
Please tell me Natasha is awake. I think Sin has our son. I need her.
So Steve finally came and talked to me and apologised for being such a head case lately. He said Wanda had reminded him about Peggy and everything he didn't get to have. I guess part of him is still waiting for the day the war is over and he gets to go home. But he said he didn't want grieving for what he didn't get to have last time stop him from trying to have it here. Then just as it all seemed to be going marvellously he said he was still leaving me and going out to the new base so yeah, you know, I'm convinced.
If you don't want me to come check out the house, then I won't. Mainly because I'm pretty sure you'll just sneak out without telling me or just go when I'm at school if I keep pushing. Just make sure you leave some ham out in the garden. A stray cat has been hanging around lately and I want to make sure he doesn't go hungry.
I don't think I ever really said it before, but I know i've done wrong. I don't want to start making excuses but the truth is...the reasons i've done so many stupid things was...I was terrified.
Are you seriously jealous of Spiderman? He's about 10 years old under that mask.
Dear Mr Stark,
Do you think Ultron will try and access the mainframe? I mean wouldn't he has done that while he was here? Are you just saying that so I'll feel useful and not try and come help? Because you realise I have no access to a plane and neither me nor Loki has the ability to fly right?
What I know about Spiderman is just stuff I've picked up while taking photos. You know what they say about a picture being worth a thousand words.
I'm sure about Wanda, that is why they kept her unconscious when we were captured. I'm betting Osborn wanted to replicate her powers, but that might have been easier said than done. Whatever they did to the twins, it effected them both very differently, and they are about as biologically similar as you can get. Whatever they gave them to give them powers, how it effects them can't be down solely to genetics.
He seemed a little upset that he wasn't able to help in the end, but cheered up a bit when I told him I appreciated the effort. Then Aunt May invited him to stay for dinner. I think she likes him.
I know what you're going to say. I know you're going to tell me that you weren't in the lab, that you had nothing to do with it. But I know for a fact you were also the one with the DNA on file. You always knew cloning Thor was a possibility, and it was probably your idea to begin with; even if you didn't intend to act on it. So just tell me why. You aren't a god, Natasha- and neither was Thor. He was our friend. Why would you do this?
You'll need to look at training him too, when he is a little older.
Penny
How was Loki meant to predict what was going to happen? And even if he stayed he would have just been knocked out as well! I'm sick of arguing about this, you aren't being fair!
One, I haven't seen Spiderman without the mask. I'm just guessing by the fact he was doing his geography homework while we were waiting for the debate to start. That, and the fact that he was complaining about it being his turn to do the laundry. But hey, you want to expose a kid's secret identity while they're still at school, you go ahead :P
Dear Penelope,
Penny
I'm glad James is doing okay. I just hope he gets bigger and stronger... Not that there's anything wrong with being small, but trust me, I grew up the smallest in the class and there is nothing fun about it. Before that, though, I want him to be healthy. It's no fun being sick all the time either.
STEVE: Heh. You look tired.
I went to the registry office today. I'm sorry I didn't do this sooner.
Look, why don't you list exactly what your issues are with the act and I'll try and work out a compromise for them. Okay?
I admit, I didn’t take it into account that he would try to find you, or freak out when it turned out you weren’t in hospital like you were meant to be. I didn’t expect him to apparently offer to pay for your care either, but I probably should have done. Anyway, I’ll come clean with Steve too (about you not being sick, not about the rest) and they should leave you alone. So, okay, my bad. It was mostly Steve’s fault for going overboard though!
Maybe it's the best place for you. They need to get rid of whatever Osbourne did to you. You'll be okay, okay? I promise. We'll work this out.
I had Jarvis wait 24 hours, so that he wasn't panicking every time I left James with a baby sitter and forgot to mention it! It wasn't about me not trusting you! If I didn't trust you I wouldn't have let you know at all!
I'm gonna guess you aren't happy I didn't let you come straight home, but I thought it better you get checked out at the hospital first. I don't exactly trust that the prison gave you the best medical care available and you were in pretty bad shape.
NATASHA: Of course...just, just come back soon, Steve.
I can't wait for this all to be over. our bed is too big without you there :(
Even Spiderman came to see me. He said he wanted me to know he didn't believe it. I appreciate the support, but to be honest I would rather if he wanted to support me he hadn't pulled that stunt for you.
cut off your arm for the sake of a Vine. Imagine how many loops we’ll get.
Hope you are safe. Hope they didn't get in your head and make you do this, because could really use a rescue. Kind of bleeding a lot.
Well I was gonna wear a wig, but the stupid thing was too itcy. So I thought I might change things up a little. After all, they say blondes have more fun, so imagine how much fun red heads must have ;P
Sin is the Red Skull's daughter. Nazi, Hydra, and insane. Skull was at least a little predictable. Sin not so much. She would murder James for sneezing too loudly. If she didn't want the key to the serum, he'd be dead already.
What is it with you and letting people scribble all over your letters? We need to go back to e-mail and then Pietro won't come in and be a dick and read your private mail. What was he even doing at your house? I knew you and Wanda are like BFF, but I didn't know Cosmo there came into it.
That's the thing with infants. They have so much potential. Especially yours. You like justice, don't you? Then tell me why your son got to inherit your strength, your healing, your
EDIT: As of July 2017, Photobucket will no longer allow images to be embedded into 3rd party websites without paying a large subscription fee. As such, we are doing our best to replace all text message chapters with normal text as soon as possible. Thank you for your patience, and just pretend the text below is a nice picture of Tony's Starkphone screen.
Just think about it, okay? You need to take desperate measures, or this war is never going to end.
Penny
Speaking of, I hear the trials of those you imprisoned in the Negative Zone have been put on hold while I'm tried. I don't want that, you have to get them to start up again. You can't just keep people in jail without a conviction, and I still think life is heavy handed for not-registering. The punishment needs to fit the crime, and you can't think a life sentence is fair. If it's not fair for me, it's not fair for anyone else.
Thanks for reading!
As for the Captain America thing...well that was part of the deal. You'll be on house arrest for the foreseeable future, and you are banned from wearing the Captain America costume ever again. The Government are looking for someone to take your place.
I didn't miss you telling me to say no. I just chose to ignore it :P
Penny,
Steve,
Mary Jane's Mother is Aunt May's best friend, they live down the street from us. I've known her for years, and she never really care about High School politics. She is also super nice, and not the type to ditch someone just because they drag her popularity down.
I can't do this alone Steve, I can't do this without you....
Technically I said 'admired' :P But yeah, ofcourse I do. You are Tony Stark! You built a working arc reactor in the middle of the desert in some cave! Why wouldn't I admire you?
And I don't have a crush! I just said he was attractive, objectively. A lot of guys are objectively attractive, but most of the time I'd rather be dating a rock.
Tony,
Are you sure Wanda can read minds? Because I'm pretty sure as soon as they worked out she could, Osbourne would have been there trying to work out how to weaponise it. The asshole doesn't even have any loyalty to Hydra, he was just in it for the money and the easy access to illegal materials; not to mention as a way to carry on with his human-enhancement stuff. He's trying to strike up a plea bargain with Shield, saying he'll work for them if they let him go. Pretty sure Steve, Nat and Clint are going to tell him where to shove it, but you never know what Fury will do. So tread carefully.
P.S I love you too, but i'm really mad at you right now >:(
So I am here and e-mailing as promised. (Why can't I call? You really think they're going to know if I call you?) Sam got his guest room all set up for me. By which I mean he had left a pile of sheets and a hard copy of this article:
I can't take Steve to the prom! He'd get mobbed, and anyway I still don't want to go. I told you parties aren't my sort of thing. They are just an excuse for people to act like idiots, and from the way Liz Allen has been glaring at me lately, I wouldn't put it past her to set up some major prank to embarrass me...
Penny,
Laura
I know you probably thought I wouldn’t write again after that stunt you pulled today, but I will because I’m pissed. What part of ‘Loki is dangerous and killed people’ do you not understand? I didn’t think any kid of mine could be so terminally stupid. Thor’s fallen for his ‘I’m a new Loki’ act hook line and sinker, but you don’t have to! Even if you believe this reincarnation bull, Thor said himself they usually remember their previous lives.
But don't lose heart! Blackthorn and I finished writing this one several months ago, which means we've had time to get started on our next project. It's not a sequel, it's not the same universe, but it /is/ letters. This time, Stony will be taking more of a central role... but with a twist, of course :) That story will be starting in November, so please join us there!
Tony,
I can't do that to him, Nattie. Even though it's killing me being away from you both.
Captain,
I have your son. What should I do with him, I wonder? Shall I merely harvest what I need from him and then kill him? Shall I raise him as my own, raise him to hate you, raise him to wish he could have murdered him yourself, and only be sorry that he was too young to remember when mommy did it? Shall I come and throw him off a bridge before your eyes or shall I leave you to wonder, to suffer, for years to come?
Okay... I guess you're pretty tired of people bullshitting you, so I'm going to tell you the honest and total truth. Starting with this:
Look i'll see what I can do.
Miss you. Two weeks till the vote and then I can finally come home.
Oooh, you’re doing it in the Cap voice?
Guilty
For someone who isn’t friends with Spiderman you seem to know him pretty well.
P.S Pssst I was atleast a 9/10
Penny.
Tony,
Penny,
CHANGES TO UPDATES THIS WEEK:
NATASHA: Be careful.
I'll tell her, okay? But she already knows. She's doing okay. She's resting a lot, but she's in the best place. I'm paying for her care so don't worry about a thing.
Natasha xxx
Maybe I would feel differently if our child had been at the school. I don't think that's something you can really comment on without experiencing it yourself. But I like to think that I would always stand up for freedom and that I'll teach my children to do the same. We need to learn from mistakes, not act out of fear.
Do you want a summer internship or something? I’m not around the SI offices much but I’m sure I could swing it for you. Or anywhere you wanted to go, really.
Well maybe Cap could sign up for proper piano lessons sometime. Aunt May used to take me to some but I'm....really not musically talented. I think I might be the only child in history to have their teacher quit them...
Two weeks ago, it was Captain America that stole headlines the world over when he apparently walked out on his wife. However, Rogers has been quick to reassure his global audience that the separation is temporary and entirely to do with politics, a statement his estranged wife has been strangely silent on. Now, a leading psychologist suggests that there may be more to the argument- and that leaving may not have been Cap's choice.
P.S Too late....I didn't really think Captain America swore so much...though I guess he was in the army and soldiers aren't really known for restrained language. He seemed a little embarrassed after, but it was pretty funny. I've never heard anyone call Donkey Kong a 'Blue shell throwing Son of a bitch!' before XD
I'm sorry you and your dad had such a bad relationship, was it any better with your Mother? I noticed her in a few of the pictures, she was very pretty.
Dear Penny,
Dear Mr Stark,
the people you don’t like.
Your aunt doesn’t like me much.
It's so good to hear from you. Are you alright? How did you break free of the hypnosis?
We'll need a big Shed to fit my Lab inside, but alright, but if I win then i'm extending my work curfew to 2am.
P.S Steve was frozen for 70 years so he still looks like he is in his late 20s, thats all girls really care about.
Remind me never to underestimate Natasha ever again.
But I also need you to stay home on this one. Sam and Peter are going to go with me to the mines. I hate to say it, but a glass of water doesn't sound like enough, sweetheart. Sin could well still be influencing you and you might not know anything about it. This whole thing could be a trap, and if we do find anything out I don't want to Sin to know about it. I know you've been analysing the note, but look at the writing. Really look at it; I could tell even from the picture you sent. You wrote that note, Natasha, probably on the day you were made to give them James.
Dad did not just have one secret underground lab, he had at least half a dozen of them. He was pretty paranoid during the Cold War, thought every second person was a spy while every second person thought he was one himself. I notice they left that out. And maybe you noticed with those stupid pictures that he wasn’t in a single one of them. The way they acted like he was a dedicated father made me just about want to vomit, seriously.
Natasha xxx
Okay, now I really want to know what Osbourne’s stashed in that cabinet. Think we can persuade Cap the Avengers need to check it out? Or, specifically, that I do? I really want to catch him doing something illegal and rub his damn face in it.
If you don't want to talk about the act. Fine. We'll talk about the baby. But since you aren't here, I hope you know i'll be making all the decisions. Which means super high tech crib and pushchair, not whatever you were planning to make out of wood :P
As for Atkins, she would probably sue you for assault just to bring down your reputation too. Or say it was because you were frightened of me and lashing out. You know, I've been trying to look into all that. I guess I wanted to know whether it was just someone looking to make a quick buck or someone who actually has it out for me, but whoever she is she's well hidden. I prefer a face-to-face confrontation, all this subterfuge wears me out. But just to check... you don't think there's anything in what she was saying, right? I know the way things have worked out right now but I never meant to pressure you into being a housewife or anything, it's not your style. Don't worry, I have resigned myself to being the one to stay home with the kid once I'm back with you both. We'll just have to get a sitter when we're out fighting the bad guys :P
Penny,
NATASHA: Why does it have to be me? You could back down just as easily.
Penny,
How are you finding life downstairs? Just ask Jarvis if you need anything. He can also get notes and stuff to print off on my floor, so if I take too long to check these e-mails just ask. I’ve upped the security so hopefully this is the last we’ll see of Loki popping up. Can we borrow a house key? Nat thinks he might be hiding in your house somewhere like the freak he is and Captain Stickass is against breaking the door down even though I could totally replace it with a better one
“I am sorry” he said for lack of anything else to say and she just shrugged holding up another spoonful.
In retrospect,  after almost one hour of walking around the streets in the middle of the night steve realized that his anger was actually because of guilt more than anything.
It explained Tony’s suddenly reclusive behaviour towards him and he let that sink in.
“You think this is not a big deal? Do you realize that by not telling me you are deliberately letting someone hurt you? Is that want you want?” his voice was rising steadily and Tony’s breath hitched stopping Steve mid rant and he quickly moved to hug the boy but Tony pushed him away.
. Look, you made me use caps, that’s how much I mean it. You realise that kind of experiment doesn’t at all go with Osbourne’s usual lines of work, right? It sounds super shady, and if he finds out it gave you spider powers he’ll either try to use you or take you out. He’s on track to being a super villain, and if he has power-giving spiders at his disposal it’s even more worrying.
Stark,
Thanks for trying to cheer my up, but we both know this wasn't my first time. I've been Spiderman for over a year now...I shouldn't be making stupid mistakes...
Anyway I think Wanda likes him, and if we both leave she'll only have Pietro, and
He was only out because he was looking for me. We'd had a fight and I stormed out...
I'm not staying here 'A couple of days' that is insane.
That aside, I think it’s safe for us to assume that Harry was the target, not you. I’ve been looking at the scans from the ersatz liquor cabinet again, and it’s possible the components could make up the glider you described. So it’s looking pretty likely that Osbourne’s pissed off the wrong people who are now using the tech he designed for them to come after him. Given the whole human-enhancement theme I’ve been seeing lately, I wouldn’t be surprised if the people-he-pissed-off comprise largely of Hydra. Like I said, King of the Dicks.
So what was your answer?
Shut up. [throat clearing] Hey Hitler, I'm that perfect man you've been on about, but I fight for truth, justice and the American way, so suck it! [pause] We done? You got it?
He promised to keep it a secret and I know what you are gonna say 'oh he did such a great job of that last time', but I explained to him that telling anyone could put everyone in the school in danger and he seemed to get it.
P.S What do you think of the new costume? I look good in Black huh ;P
Steve
STEVE: Maybe, but not this!
Steve
embodiment of lies and evil by growing flowers and helping the elderly. Do I even need to tell you to watch out for him? It feels self-explanatory.
It has to be me because of what I've done so far. I can't just abandon them now after everything. If I give up, everyone else will too. I can't let that happen.
you were working on the physics for last year! What am I supposed to think?!
But go on then, I'm sure you have some names all picked out so just tell me.
I guess it would make sense that he was after Harry, after all we were in his house, however the guy did make a grab for me first which is weird....Maybe he just figured I'd be weaker and he could use me as a hostage to get Harry or something...
And that's the last of the daily updates, folks! Thank you all for reading and commenting so far, and I hope you'll join us on Tuesday for the next instalment; which involves milk, cookies, and summer internships!
The next update will be the last, so expect the final few chapters tomorrow! Thanks for reading :)
Penny,
I think you are under estimating the mob mentality.
Take care, okay? Spiderman gets into some pretty dangerous situations.
To be honest, I'm not actually sure what her opinion on the whole act actually is. It was Reed who approached me bout lending a hand. I imagine she is on board though since he offered 'The Fantastic Four's' assistance, not just his own.
Penny,
You DARE to threaten to take my son away! You don't know him! You don't know how to get him to sleep, or when he needs to be fed! You don't know which books he likes or what toy he wants when he wakes up!You don't know anything because YOU AREN'T HERE!!!!
Love you,
I'm sure Spiderman knows what she is doing, and has managed not to get hurt so far. She is only taking down small time crooks after all, no one who could do any real damage to someone with the proportionate strength of a spider. Anyway she probably has responsibilities here that mean she can't just swan off to some fancy school half way across the country. She'll be fine.
If you register you'll be showing you are willing to work with the Government! Rebelling like this is just gonna get their back up and make them not want to listen to you!
Flash is NOT coming anywhere near any party I'm throwing! He hates me! He's shoved me into a locker at least 7 times, and I'm almost certain he has dropped me into every single bin around school. He is a bully and a jerk, and his real name is Eugene so you can't really blame him for changing it to Flash.
Penny,
Well-known heroes have taken to voicing their opinions on Twitter, with Sam Wilson, aka 'The Falcon', saying 'Sooner or later people will realise they've made a mistake'. He was later asked to (continued page 3)
If he wasn't, he wouldn't be here.
We're not going to do anything bad. We're just not going to register and carry on as normal. If the government wants to stop us, they can try. The terms of the act need to be revised to make the register optional, or to offer exclusions in certain circumstances. Failing that, it needs to at least have better controls on how much power the government has and who can get the information they hold. That's the compromise I'm going to be putting forward and working on getting.
You are right about me having not been in the lab lately, but i'll admit I had a hand in this. It wasn't meant to be used against other heroes, it was only meant to be used in world ending situations...
Love you,
STEVE: Thank you. Nattie, I...
...May I?
Natasha,
Thats about it though. As I said I'm not all that popular.
Captain America has the reputation of being a thoroughly modern man; one who was reportedly so glad that when he woke up and realised the US was no longer segregated his wife claims he 'cried'. Unfortunately, it seems that his view on women is not as up to date as his view on race relations.
Tony,
3 Counts Guilty, 1 Count Not Guilty
STEVE: I...
Yours,
Blue (right hand side)- Loki
As for Oscorp, I don't know. I've been friends with Harry Osborn since I was five, I've only known about you a month :P
I didn't realise he would do that! I thought...i thought he'd be more like Thor...
Speaking of Steve, what if that went away? What does he have outside the Avengers? You have your company, Hawkeye has his family, Thor has Asgard, but what does Steve have? His family, his friends are all gone. Maybe he is afraid that without Captain America, Steve Rogers is nothing.
Natasha
You know shiled agents are privy to a lot of secret information, and I haven't heard about any of them letting spill in a bar, have you? We got this under control Cap, I don't have anyone involved I don't think I can trust.
I still think Xavier’s school would be good for you. From what I gather, they’re big on the whole ‘accepting-who-you-are’ thing.
No Steve though. Everyone will just think he is my body guard or something.
then I wouldn’t have had to tell you we were going and you wouldn’t have to say you want to come and we wouldn’t have to say no etc. etc. etc. Let’s just skip to the end of the conversation to the part where you give us the key and stay here, okay? Loki was targeting you for a reason and we don’t know how much he knows.
“where are we going?” He asked mouth full as they pulled out of the parking lot and Steve glanced at him as a smile played on his lips waiting for his reaction
“There we go, good job. Take some deep breaths for me” he coaxed as he felt his breathing slow. Tony sagged against him, grip lax as he fell asleep from exhaustion.
“hey, don’t forget that you are one of us" clint snickered and Steve made a disgusted face at himself in the mirror, not just at clints response but at the dirty reflection of himself in the mirror.
(See the end of the chapter for
His head lolled against Steve’s neck , breath hitching every now and then.
He hadn’t responded to his name and by this point Steve thought maybe Tony was sleepwalking and vaguely remembered one of the soldiers having the same issue and how they would just redirect him back to bed and he would be fine. So Steve made his way over to near the counter and his heart almost leapt in his throat when Tony lost his footing momentarily and his screwdriver fell out of his mouth to the floor with a resounding crack and the handle on the instrument broke.
As for two, if you agree about the sentencing, you need to help me. A word from you will go a long way in this case. Could we get some lawyers to start working on it? We could look at getting the sentences reduced to start off with, in recognition of previous service to the country/community. After all, there's a precedent now, they took time off mine.
So it seems I am an idiot and muddled up which bubble should be whose on this and all following text-message chapters! So, to clarify-
I do believe I'm right about the registration thing though. Nor everyone is you Steve, not every can be trusted to just run around with their powers un checked... I know i've said this before, but what if it was James' school? We can't just carry on the same as before.
Steve,
Liar. You expected this, and you wouldn't have it any other way.
P.S. If we have a kid I think you'll be handling the meals for the first few months at least. :P Sorry, but I just don't have the necessary parts.
You really can get internet anywhere on this thing, even a cave in. I take back everything I said about phone internet.
Dear Steve,
Dr Atkins does seem to have been targeting her attacks more at you than Mrs Stark. She had made several attempts previously to convince Mrs Stark to talk to her, and even one to convince Mrs Stark to begin spreading lies about you relationship. Mrs Stark responded in her usual restrained manner.
Do you know anything about this weird letter I got? I called the company to tell them they must have the wrong address, but they seemed pretty certain it was correct. It took me a while to convince them I wasn't really sick (they keeps saying I was in denial), and in the end I just told them I'd fill out the Opt out form so they wouldn't have to do anything...
So it's totally not my fault I haven't called, because I have called, and your aunt has put the phone down on me. Tough old bird, isn't she? She even hung up your mobile; at least, I hope that was her, unless you're pissed off at me over the whole kidnap-victim thing. But you know that was nothing to do with you being a Stark and entirely to do with you being Spiderman.
“bucky is staying at my apartment.  I am temporarily staying with Clint and nat" he said pressing gently at Tony’s sore neck muscles feeling him relax
“ you are still a minor. And might I remind you about a certain blonde named pepper?” Tony puffed his cheeks exhaling the air
Somewhere between washing his hair and scrubbing at lingering sterile smell of the hospital Steve realized he didn’t know who was with Tony , if they were all going to be debriefing then no one would be there to sit with him.
Steve was more concerned now than anything. Tony was still not understanding that Steve wanted to keep him safe, he seemed like he was still thinking that Steve was giving up on him just because it’s more convenient and easier. He got up from the couch, walked over to Tony and tugged on his elbow until he turned around to look at him
“Hey" he said “chest hurts, can we remove the catheter?” steve almost cried in relief at the normal answer he received.
But he asked anyway “do you know what triggers it?” Tony’s silence was answer enough and it was worrisome.
Tony was right, he did fall asleep really quickly and was even snoring lightly which is why Steve felt bad when he realised that it was already time for him to leave. He hadn’t really got much sleep but was content just laying next to Tony. He also knew if he didn’t wake tony to say goodbye then Tony would be mad at him in all his teenage glory.
“Okay" he sighed “first of all, don’t call me bud , that’s insulting” and Steve smirked as Tony glared at him.
“Tony? You still have your link on ?”
“You licked it" he said instead and Steve grinned , kissing Tony’s mouth roughly and bit his lower lip pulling him impossibly closer.
“I know,” He said quietly “I am working on it” he said through his teeth like it was hard for him to admit and Steve smiled letting go of his hand
“I am going to give you three options here” tony didn’t blink , he frankly looked a little afraid.
“what did you do to me, is this why I am feeling so weird ,?” and then as an after thought he added “I don’t like feeling like this" he whined and to emphasize the  ‘feeling' he lifted his arm out of the water and watched it fall limp back into the water again.
“Sweetheart, I need you to wake up for me" he said loudly and clear trying to break through to his conscious mind.
“Done baby, it’s in. Calm down, take a deep breath" he kept saying as he inflated the little balloon and Tony flinched when felt Steve tug on it to secure it.
“Tony sit down, food is coming. Clint and thor are on food duty" he told him firmly and Tony sat down giving her an apologetic look.
“then be there for him.” And Steve sighed, knowing that’s what he had failed to do. Twice now actually.
“So far the working theory is that stane is dealing with underground weapon sales , somehow came across the guy behind Bucky's mind manipulation and when they captured me last month, stane used it to his advantage to make tony believe that I was dead"
“I know I don’t have all the information about what’s going on here but I won’t stand by and watch someone hurt you. Even if this relationship doesn’t work out between us , I am not going to go away , not unless you want me to.” Tony nodded silently, fingers twisting nervously in his shirt.
Tony also got into trouble a lot, he was often sent to detention and luckily Steve had never had the chance to supervise one with tony in it. He still seemed disinterested in history but Steve wasn’t taking extra steps to change that. He figured this might actually be good to keep their distance. He found tony often lurking around the corridors during gym but Steve hardly let on that he noticed. This could be some other teachers problem.
“Why did you think it would hurt?” Tony dropped his gaze
It didn’t take long , to get Tony checked out and situated in a room. The doctors had been very worried at how dehydrated he was and the lack of nutrition.
He had almost expected tony to not show up at all the next day in class especially after the constant cold shoulder he had received from him during the rest of their time at the museum. He was relieved however when he found tony in his usual spot at the back of the class between his two friends.
“You are his teacher?!” thor exclaimed
Bruce took Tony’s hand placing his wrists on the inner aspect of his wrist taking his pulse. Someone in the meantime had cranked the ac up and had placed a table fan by our side trying to get the air circulation going.
"Sir is seemingly excited, currently working on your shield's paint job. You may have to pry him away from it, I suggest some bribe with bacon" Jarvis always knew how to manipulate Tony into doing things that's good for him. Once when Tony had worked continuously for 72 hours with no sleep, Jarvis had purposefully shut down claiming malware and Tony had finally emerged from his lab with lack of anything to do since his AI was not working. He would have noticed Jarvis bluffing if he hadn't been so tired.
“It was okay" he replied.
“Who the hell is bucky?” he said before rahis arm again but this time Steve was ready and caught the fist mid strike. It was an honest struggle for Steve to get the upper hand in the fight , but he was also trying not hurt Bucky and at the same time defend himself from the blows.
He found them sitting by the lockers , still in their workout attire. Looked like they had gone a few rounds and Steve was sad he missed it.
“Its all your fault, you made me run too much" his throat was scratchy and he kept trying to clear it a couple of times withought any success and then suddenly his eyes went wide like he had just realized something, steve was just enjoying watching the random emotions flitting across his face without a wall for him to put up.
“hey, I told you to stay put” he said sitting down next to him , tony shrugged not looking at him.
“ and I was trying to have a conversation with him when I noticed his eyes -"
“what happened?” he asked worried and Tony tucked his head into Steve’s neck.
“Looks like the fossil has finally arrived home” Steve glared at her while she only smirked and high fived Clint.
“He needs open heart surgery?” steve asked tightly and Tony winced and Steve let go of his hand when he realed he was holding on too tightly.
Tony dropped his phone beside him, not even bothering to hide it from Steve even though it was not allowed during school hours.
Steve sighed rubbing the weariness that had creeped onto his face with his palm “okay, I am going to come get you guys. I don’t want you drinking anymore. Eat something if possible and please stay put until I get there. Do you understand me?”
Bruce waved to as if to say good morning and the rest of the team just nodded in acknowledgement. I walked straight to the coffee maker and picked up a mug only to have it removed from my hands and replaced with orange juice. "urgh,yuck! what the hell, Steve!"
It took a while but when they were finally done checking up on him, and asking him all the post op questions , steve sat down on the bed careful to avoid disturbing any of the tubes
“What happened? Are you okay? Did someone do something?” natasha asked looking at Tony calm but the her tone was rising just like Steve’s had but Tony didn’t answer her just looked at Steve.
He eventually fell asleep but Steve never got to finish his conversation with bruce . He sighed closing his own eyes, allowed his hands to finally still sure that Tony wouldn’t wake up again.
“I think you do.” Steve said frankly “but I won’t force you to say anything you don’t want to. I am terribly worried baby , have been for a while now. So I would really appreciate it if you could give me a hint" he said and Tony looked conflicted and Steve hated putting him in this position .
“He’s cute, your boy toy” she commented, testing the waters to see how he would react to that comment.
We let go of him, but I let my hand on his head stay carding through his hair. He pulled away from me instantly. The look on his was of pure betrayal. The exhaustion was now clear on his face, he looked pale and about ready to pass out.
“Yeah, Clint is with him. Wasn’t sure how bad it was and didn’t want him to see you like this” She said tugging on the chains and Steve groaned as it pulled on his sore skin.
His heart calmed the moment his eyes landed on tony sitting on the stands by the basketball court watching the game. Just as he was about to walk up to him he was stopped by the gym teacher
“Captain, Stane is here. And he does not look happy" Steve nodded taking a deep breath , he released his hold on Tony and carefully slipped out from under him.
“Sir I-"
“I haven’t forgiven him, it’s not easy for me either and I don’t want you to think even for a second that I am okay with happened” at that Tony finally showed some response, he scooted a little closer to Steve seeking comfort and Steve was open to that As long as he wanted it.
“Tony you gotta breathe buddy follow Steve’s breathing come on” Clint said and Steve followed taking exaggerated breaths.
“hey buddy , you okay?” he heard bruce ask Tony and Tony didn’t reply and Steve assumed he must be still embarrassed to answer out loud.
“how many people know?” He asked suddenly wondering if he was the only one left in the dark.
“Is it your leg?” clint asked and Tony nodded against Steve and steve sighed knowing that Tony was a really coming down from his shock and had probably been too numb to process anything yesterday.
“ and with steve not being there , I just wanted to keep an eye on you" she said gauging his reaction
Steve grinned like a child who had just been promised to be taken to Disneyland , it was a weird sight on captain America.  Thanking him, he headed for the gym hoping to round up the spies.
“You can stay with us, Clint and I, at the tower.” He gave a grateful smile at her.
“But you just got here” he said looking mildly irritated because peggy had pulled the thin blanket up over his chest trying to settle him.
“sorry, just hold still for a second” he said checking the other eye.
“It will hurt” he said voice trembling and Steve quickly pulled his gown up and tugged on his boxers ,
"It's okay , I am not mad" he said again and would say over an over until Tony needed him to. It dawned on him that it didnt help that Steve's initial reaction to finding Tony in a bar early afternoon may be why Tony was trying to justify it.
Somewhere in the back of his mind he wondered if this is what Tony always felt like when he was having a panic attack. It took a few moments to settle and he finally realized the voice to be nnatasha’s
“Because I love him bruce , I know that’s not enough of a reason but he was stuck in this illusion that stane had and rumlow had created about sex and I couldn’t let him believe that sex was a punishment.”
Steve motioned for him to get up and follow him and Tony didn’t even so much as blink before he jumped at the opportunity to not be stuck sitting there anymore . He willingly followed Steve out of the auditorium hands still constantly fidgeting with his tie.
“Hey Tony” she said softly getting his attention to shift again “did you know that if you persuade Steve enough he might let you have some yoghurt?” tony frowned as he looked around for the yogurt and Steve just stared at them unable to do much other than hold Tony.
“Clint watch your mouth" he said walking out to see what the commotion was about and immediately regretted his curiosity as he found Tony and Clint covered in what looked like red sauce pasta standing and glaring at natasha who looked unimpressed.
“That for me?”
“breathe with me okay? In and out. That’s it , follow my breathing” coaxing tony to take deeper breaths as he pulled him back to the bed and sat them both down ,steve leaning against the headboard and tony leaning on his chest.
She walked straight up to Steve ignoring her friends on the way and leaned up on her tip toes and said in a rushed whisper
“I never thought a day would come when I actually saw you inside the gym" Steve said sitting next to him.
“okay okay just kidding, here. Burgers for the kid, salad for cap” he said handing them over.
“His vitals are normal" bruce said in the background and everyone let out a breath they didn’t even know they were holding. The nurses left quickly after Bruce reassured them that he would stay.
“He is also a genius,” tony looked up at Steve,  a tentative smile on his lips , maybe he was hoping for some kind of appraisal from Steve,  but he couldn’t give him one,  because if they had to replace the metal , that would mean..
“sit with me” Steve cocked his head to the left
Tony headed back to the tower once he had accounted for everyone on the team for himself promising to send all his resources to help with clean up while thor steve and Clint stayed back to help.
“are we still?..” Steve hair stood on his skin giving him small goosebumps
“The bathroom door is closed” he heard natasha say and Steve sighed relieved and his teammates just gave him pitiful look.
“Bruce and me will be fine. What I want from you is to only take care of yourself, I told you yesterday that we will be talking about your lack of self preservation”
“But I am fine! And what is there to talk about?” He asked sulking already at the prospect of talking. Steve sighed bringing a blanket along with him and dropped it on the teens lap.
"You didn’t eat anything yesterday though , it was only me who ate most of the food.” Steve said reminding him gently and Tony made an ‘oh' sound and kept quiet and natasha frowned at the two of them and then glared at Steve
“Wait, you know where I live?”
“he will be just fine, this happens a lot" she said reassuring me. I suddenly remembered the camera man, looking up I saw him being ushered out by clint. That was good, because tony wouldn’t appreciate this being floated around in the media.
“Maybe if you had gone to the nurse-“ tony groaned , dropping his head in his hands.
Thor and clint had done an exceptional job at trying to make the hospital room more homely. It looked nothing like a medical bay , save for the bed with the railings and a few things attached to it.
“I have to be home in an hour! Steeeeve put me down!” he gave up his grip on Steve confident that Steve wouldn’t drop him and used his hands instead to push on Steve’s head away from tickling him.
“it was a really long time back , I was maybe fourteen”
“Humor me" tony did. He ate atleast five bites before pushing away the plate and wrapping his ligs around Steve’s waist and holding him in place. Not that steve was planning on going anywhere.
Before he could retaliate , the door opened and Steve swore he saw the brunette freeze for a second as his eyes landed on Steve before jerking out of his momentary trance and running forward landing on his knees in front Steve.
“I need to hear it tony” tony grinned at him cheekily all traces of their previous conversation forgotten and bit his lower lip
“Don’t do that to yourself Steve, we are both doing just fine now aren’t we?” she said running her fingers through Tony’s hair and Steve could almost feel the nimble fingers that would do the same to his hair after a particular tiring day before the ice.
“What are you insinuating?” he asked worried out of his mind for Tony
“Tony?” steve tried again finally Tony noticed him and his head whipped around and he smiled brightly at Steve around his screwdriver that had gone back to his mouth.
“its okay sweetheart  you did really good okay? And trust it me when I say this , it was really good for me too" tony scoffed and frowned not believing him.
"Get a room!"
“They only know about the physical abuse and they have been letting him stay over at their place as much as possible.”
“Let’s go see that lab of yours huh?” he said walking towards the elevator he knew was at the end of the hallway
oh Steve!sweet sweet Steve was laying by my side ,sweat soaked in his morning jogging clothes. I turned my head to the side to give him a quick peck on the lips.
“tony, hey sweetheart” steve called out getting his attention and Tony looked up to his left to find Steve sitting by his bed .
"Okay, can you tell me what you are feeling right now?" Clint took over as Steve stared helplessly, worry getting the best of him.
Tony didn’t respond to him at all and Steve ran his fingers through Tony’s hair , gently rubbing at his scalp soothingly
“Tell me why you think it’s not fair?” he took a moment,  and Steve watched the annoyance flicker across his face at Steve’s question but he held his gaze until Tony gave in.
“Really?” Steve frowned
“Stop it tony, you are being ridiculous,  it’s going to take only a second.” Tony glared at him as he tried to get from the bed but Steve was practically holding him down and by this point both Bruce and natasha had come down, unable to wait for the results. They needed to know, just like steve did.
“Steve no, what will I tell obie . I cant just disappear from home for five days!” he said his voice raising and Steve smiled at him “you will tell him that you have homework , which I am sure you have. Or I can give you, if you want"
That wasn't too high right? I snuggled closer to him and let myself fall back asleep vowing to get him some Tylenol for the fever once he was awake.
Just as I turned around in my minimal efforts to get comfortable again and go back to sleep I felt cool fingers brushing through my hair only to stop at the nape of my neck and cup it and wow did that feel good.
He found his words just as the elevator closed and he turned towards her “ what happened?”
“wantoutt!”
“Mr.Rogers!” Ms.potts was waving at him while holding onto Tony like she was about to drag him somewhere
“No class?” he asked as he half sat against the table and Tony stood fidgeting with his shoe.
“Stand down.” He ordered through the comms and he ignored the sounds of protest as he slowly stepped forward not even aware he was doing it until he was standing face to face with none other than Bucky.
“Why are you grinning, you are so annoying” He said
"What?" He asked in a small voice
Tony looked down avoiding their gaze as Clint reached over to snag the sweatshirt off since he said he was feeling hot. But  before Tony could grab at it ,Clint had already pulled it off his lap and Tony’s  hand shot out to grab at it again. Steve’s and clint’s gaze immediately zeroed in on the tent bulging at his waist. Steve immediately let go of his hold on Tony’s arm and Clint backed up a little looking unsure .
“Not dead , scared" and Steve almost lost it for the second time that day as he held tony closer whispering sweet nothings in his ear
Since the camera incident, they always made sure there were two men guarding him in the room. Steve didn’t know what changed but he was not complaining because really, at least he now had other people to look at than being all alone in that dreaded room.
“don’t want it, I don’t want it please” he begged even though Steve had told him they would get it out ,it was only a matter of minutes for the nurse to get here.
"We should get ice cream , there is this place near-" steve sighed as he buckled himself inside the car.
Nat shifted from her spot on the adjacent couch to crouch down onto her knees beside me.
“Please, I wanna do it" he said shaky hands finding their way to Steve’s pants and Steve pulled them away over Tony’s head trapping them there.
“Nice place, I like your apartment better though.” He commented as Steve slipped his shoes off and sat on the bed and scooted away from Tony towards the headboard leaning against it .
“I am fine"
”please stop” he said looking down , he was clenching his hands again and Steve reached out to stop him from hurting the injured hand further.
“Rogers, I need a favor. There’s a girl who collapsed in the gym and the nurse is on leave today. Heard you were the go to medical guy" the gym teacher said, he sounded out of breath like he had just run here to get Steve and that told him that this may be serious and he quickly followed him back to gym.
"Yeah we only had one beer each, I swear" pepper said immediately and Steve nodded
“What is it?” Steve asked frowning at Tony
“Its all over the news how did you miss it?” and then ,finally, the gears in Steve’s  mind clicked. The turned off tv when Steve went to the mens room and Tony’s sudden need for Steve to be near him.
"No, but I am going to put ice on it as soon as am done with you" he said as he tugged me back towards the bed. I pushed him gently onto it and his hands locking into my hair my hands working the buttons on his pants.
“stop being difficult , it’s just a bath Tony  please" he was practically begging now cause they had been at it for atleast twenty minutes now. Tony stuck his tongue out at Steve and then very graciously snuck a hand into the water and splashed Steve.
Dear Penny,
Go be nice to him!
I'm not PMS-ing! I'm just sick of having the same argument over and over again! Loki is my friend, deal with it.
He seems to find me most night nowadays. It is nice. He buys hot dogs, which is great because I'm always starving by the end of the night, and then we talk for a while.  He doesn't tell me to stop being Spiderman any more, I guess cause he realises it isn't going to happen. He tends to just asks me how things are and checks I haven't got into any real trouble.
I've had Jarvis do a scan for places the coal could have come from, there is a place just outside of town that looks most likely. I'll meet you there.
Dear Mr Stark,
But honestly, Spidey and I just talked a little and I told him my side of things. He seems my point of view at least, but that doesn't necessarily mean he'll leave you and your sexy butt ;P (Seriously though, that kid is totally man crushing on you, if not actually crushing. It is sort of cute.)
NATASHA: No, you'd rather he grow up in a world where he could be blown up in the middle of school! The way things were before...it wasn't working. We need to try something new.
Can I ask? What made you decide to go public? I mean, I would have thought it would have been pretty easy to cover that you were Ironman, like said he was your body guard or something. But you choose to let people know it was you...isn't that really dangerous? Don't you worry about people coming after you or your loved ones?
Steve xxxxx
Suck it? Suck what?
you can do, Captain. The only thing I want from you is your suffering.
Natasha.
But see, I don't think there's much that is actually impossible. If one way doesn't work, you just have to try another. So humanity is going to keep beating the crap out of itself, that's human nature and it doesn't seem to be changing any time soon. So we do what humankind always does, we make a tool. Other animals evolve, the giraffe can't reach the leaves so it evolves a long neck; the first fish that crawl out on land can't fly so eventually they evolve wings. Humanity can't fly so they build the aeroplane. We've never waited on our better nature to come out. We still need something, some push in the right direction. We can learn from Ultron, get it right next time.
P.S. Making your own clothes out of what? Webbing? Bodily fluid? Doesn't that seem kind of... icky to you?
Penny
That is because me and James are gone.
Peter,
Penny
Hey I'm just checking :P
I did have to sell the mansion though, which is why I'm not with you right now. I've got to move all our stuff out. Don't worry though, I've already bought us a new place. I think you'll like it, it is on a quiet suburban street down in Queens, it even has a white picket fence for goodness sake!
Tony,
P.S I'll send some guards down to watch over Peggy, don't worry.
I've worked out a couple flaws with the charger already since the science fair, but it does still have a long way to go. It would be nice to have some time to concentrate on it, I seem to find myself too busy to look at it much lately.
Dear Ms Stark,
I'll admit I can't really defend Loki anymore, though I guess all he actually did was leave a note to annoy you. Maybe there is a non-evil reason he didn't want to go back to Asgard. Like maybe every one there thinks about him the same way you do? That would be pretty rough.
Penny
So Pepper is your assistant right? I think I read an article about her once, she seems cool.
I'm not allowed visitors right now either. If I end up in jail after the trial, I think it'll be allowed then. Still... this isn't a good place to bring a baby. I don't want his earliest memories to end up being of prison gates. How is he doing? Is he getting any bigger? Are his ribs okay now?
The pictures, developed from negatives in Howard Stark's personal collection, clearly show Cap throwing punches at a young woman- and he isn't holding back. In one image you can see him pinning her to the ground whilst raising his shield to bring down brutally on her head, whilst the others show him continuing the vicious assault. From the shape and design of the shield and uniform, these pictures clearly date from the USO tours; and from her costume it seems the victim of the terrible attack was one of Rogers' fellow performers, one of eight girls that formed the chorus line during the show.
You know there is a chance the super solider serum might pass on to him right? And even if it doesn't, that stuff messed with your DNA pretty thoroughly, it is unlikely he'd inherit you pre-serum genes.
NATASHA: He is fine- they did all the tests, it is just his rib broke during the birth. He got lucky.
And I have plenty of female friends, thanks. Like Pepper, who is like, totes my bff even though I was kind of a dick to her when we were dating. And Nat, who is probably my friend? I think. She’s Steve’s friend, so we’re definitely in the same circle. Avengers4life. (Although not actually 4life, because I think that life would be pretty short. But Avengers4aslongasittakesforUltrontodamnwellwork doesn’t have quite the same Malibu feeling to it.)
Steve, did you hit your head? Please don't tell me you are starting to bite into those bitch's lies?! You are basically the perfect husband, and even if you weren't, do you really think i'd let myself be put into the house wife role?! Give me a break. Idiot.
Have you seen this? It's beyond ridiculous. Let me know if you want me to make a statement or something. What a joke.
Nattie,
After more than a lifetime of fighting for freedom, democracy and justice, Captain America has today let everyone down. As of midnight last night, the deadline for heroes to register under the SHRA has passed- and one name is conspicuously absent. Steven Rogers, Captain America, has failed to register.
It felt a little rude to make notes on my Mom's work. In the end I couldn't bring myself to mark directly on the page...so I scanned it and then made a couple notes.
Natasha
In this chapter, all texts are being sent by Loki to Penny.
Steve,
jerk, I’m telling you.
I thought about dying my hair or something, but there is no time before school and it'll be pretty pointless once they've seen me once.
The only option I have is to give it up...when I move to Florida that is the end of Spiderman...
He ended up sighing every few minutes, his anticipation building up as he waited for the kids to move on to the next exhibit, Suddenly wondering if they were all in on it and decided to trick him by spending more time than necessary on the same floor. He berated himself for even going that far in thinking and quickly joined the students to keep himself distracted if not engaged.
"Have you seen his MO?" Steve frowned
“Do you want to watch a movie?” Steve asked still holding onto a squirming Tony with no effort at all.
“It is actually, but it’s just some speculations and I don’t want you to stress about okay? Besides if it is nothing, then It wont matter at all.” She said but Steve could still read the undertone and he knew something was very wrong .
After a few moments of shifting around Tony finally sighed settling his back against Steve “good?” steve asked brushing Tony’s hair off his face. He couldn’t see the teens face but the way he relaxed spoke volumes .
“That just wasn’t the right moment"
I had actually written it but somehow got deleted and had to re-write it!! I am just upset because it's honestly been hard to write it again. It's never the same again 🙈
“is he going to be alright?”steve asked unable to hide fear and concern from his voice.
“see this light?”
He hoped tony would come out of this state soon enough , for three reasons. One it was his birthday and he hadn’t even realized it yet. Two cps could send an agent to check in on tony any moment. And three he needed to take him to medical to get him checked out . Last night was not normal and Steve worried about how often this has been going on and what Tony really meant by he can’t sleep.
“Fury won’t be happy” she smirked at him
“Here , you always feel better after I show you all my injuries right?” he asked thinking back to how everytime Tony asked to see if he was okay and that always seemed to ease the tension out if him.
“that works only if the company went to stane after Tony’s death, but there is nothing mentioned as such here. Which may explain why he saved the kid from the crash" Steve’s head was reeling just a little bit at the talk of Tony’s death and car crash. But he nodded as they speculated.
“You cant have coffee until the drugs wear off completely” and Tony blushed hard suddenly remembering that he had just been through a rather embarrassing ordeal.
“My metabolism is apparently not as high as yours"
“So, astrophysics is now code for making out huh?” He asked once tony seemed to have relaxed, but only to make his shoulders tense again.
“I am sorry, it will get better. Do you want me to draw you a hot bath?” he asked and felt Tony nod but before he could remove the sheets ,natasha and Bruce burst through their door. Natasha didn’t look impressed but Bruce froze at the doorstep at what he was seeing.
Steve took a deep breath before turning back to bruce
“On one condition, I need to know how bad that injury is” Steve was sure it was worse than he was letting on. He had felt tony push with all his might to get Steve’s hands off his midsection and it had been four days since it had happened. If it was still hurting , then it had to be bad.
“Are you leaving?” he asked feeling like this moment of catchup was not enough in the least and he wanted to hang on to this time as much as possible.
“Try eight years younger" she said as her hand shot out to catch Clint who was almost on the floor now.
Steve shuffled in, apologising for being late, his eyes trained on tony as the rest of them took their seats quieting down. Tony wouldn’t even look at him, he kept his head down through the class. There was a moment where Steve thought he had fallen asleep, but he caught the slight movement his fingers made when it clenched and unclenched around his pencil. Pepper and his friend Rhodes were throwing worried glances at him every few seconds and Steve was half a mind away from sending tony to the school nurse and then home.
Once he had covered every little bruise with the salve Steve pushed himself up reaching for the tube that Tony was about to throw into the bag,
Three weeks later, Steve had finally given up , as he realized Tony was just a regular kid, a popular one at that and quiet a bit of a genius.
“you know I would never,” she said softly and bent over slightly to peek at Tony’s face
“you tell him this, he will make it his mission to do exactly the opposite. Bruce you know him, this will take him down faster than the news of the reactor did”  steve said, tony groaned at the noise , trying to turn onto his stomach but the equipment made it impossible
“Okay, did he ask you any questions? Or just blindly accept it?”
”okay, we will talk more about that later. But right now I need to know if I should be taking you to the hospita-“ tony moved startlingly fast, he was unsteady on his feet and Steve caught him easily pushing him back into the couch hands on either side of him gripping the cushions.
Satisfied, he dropped the flash light and said “ can I see your ribs? You had some nasty bruises yesterday.”
“Want to tell me what happened?”
“Hey! Thought you guys wouldn’t be coming in today" he said pleasantly surprised.
“To my place. Eat” he added and Tony’s eyes went wide in surprise but he didn’t dare ask any questions afraid Steve would change his mind.
“Did you ice it?”
Satisfied for now Steve got up and stretched testing his muscles and bones .
“Hey hey , come on sweetheart” Steve coaxed and natasha slid in beside Steve placing a palm on Tony’s forehead.
"When tony? Tell us what happened?"
“tony" Steve sighed not knowing how to make this better.
His arms ached from being suspended for so long and he needed that shower more than anything.
“no I don’t want you to leave after you drop me off and obie is coming back today “
“what’s wrong? Are you feeling okay? Do you want me to take you to medical?”
“I am not sure" steve mouthed at her  slightly shaking his head.
Steve had woken up like clockwork every two hours and checked to see if Tony had developed any bruises on his body. He was terrified he would wake up and find his lover covered in black and blue from Steve’s hands. But Steve was yet to see the parts that were not covered by the sheets.
“okay" he said simply
“Pink is a great color on you” he said chuckling
“you need to rest, how about I step out and you change your clothes huh? Or do you want me to help you?” he tried to change the subject
"That's not fair! Everyone gets to be a little tired at some point. It doesn't mean something is wrong"I argued .Why was my morning already going like this?
"Morning" I grumbled as I got up to head to the bathroom to get a ,well lets say late start to the day as Steve puts it. As I got up I felt the world tilt slightly and I stumbled
“our job, mine Clint and tasha’s are dangerous Tony. There is always one innocent person who gets hurt and we don’t want that person to be you.”
clint sighed and reached under the table producing another cake , a smaller one but still just as calorific as the first. Thors fingers sparkled with electricity at the excitement and everyone laughed as Clint explained that he had actually anticipated this.
His back snapped up , eyes blinking itself open when Steve announced his presence. Steve wanted to give him a reassuring smile but he kept it carefully contained as he started the days lesson plan.
“I have a couple of friends willing to help me out , I think it will be good for the kids. History is as it is a dry subject. They need a change sir.”
“thanks” he said before giving her a quick kiss on the cheek and a lingering hug. By the time Steve made to the hotel he realized it was well past six in the evening. But he had promised natasha that he would rest for a while so he did even if it took him a lot longer than usual to actually fall asleep.
His entire left side was mottled blue and green . The edges turning yellow as it slowly healed.
Bruce left a while after they had spoke more details and Steve finally felt calm enough to looking for Tony again. He hated himself for getting angry last night, he hadn’t known things were this bad. He had threatened to sleep on the couch when all Tony wanted was to sleep with him before he underwent life threatening surgery. Steve was an idiot.
“Should we put something on it?” he asked already getting up and reaching for the bag Clint had got , they had both seen the abundance of medical supply the bag held.
Clint looked like he wanted shoot an arrow through stane and natasha was glaring daggers at him. Fury sat uncomfortably between the two.
He released Tony’s wrist and placed his now free hand behind Tony’s head fingers burying in the brown locks as he pulled Tony impossibly closer to him feeling overly possessive if the precious thing in his hands.
He felt Tony’s hand snaking up between their chest and fingers wrapping around the front of his shirt and then the lightest brush of lips against his own. Steve , sighed and wrapped his hands around the genius ,eyes still closed. He gave Tony a second to adjust before he dipped a hand into the back of Tony’s pants and squeezed the flesh of his ass.
I looked at thor he made a so and so gesture still looking unsure of what was happening. Thor was only going to give blood for the sake of publicity, since he is asgardian we can’t actually use the blood for purposes other than research. Then I looked at tony who was already sat down on of the chairs ,so I shrugged and walked over to the empty bed.
“Hey" bruce said walking in and Tony shuffled closer to Steve as he noticed bruce was now wearing a white coat and looked more like a doctor than a teacher .steve couldn’t help but notice how stressed he seemed and only when natasha subtly put her hand on his shoulder did he seem to relax.
“Well there you have it,” she gave him a small smile “something I have noticed about Tony is that he he has really fallen for you Steve. It won’t go away just like that. I know he is young, but we both know how smart he really is. You have to trust him to make the right decision.”
"I am leaving tomorrow for the training camp, I'll be back in two days" I said into his ear. I felt his hold on me tighten but he nodded his head. Lifting his head he pouted "Oh no! Whatever am I to do without my boyfriend?" He said in his most dramatic mannerism. Two can play at this game! I trailed my hands up under his shirt slowly and felt the shiver that ran down his spine and I removed them just as quickly.
“You play right? With the coach? I have heard a lot of the students talk about how good you are. You should come play! You don’t have a class when I have gym right?” tony sounded so excited and Steve smiled at him
“I am not going!” he said angrily but Steve didn’t care
“Care to elaborate?”
“You are sixteen Tony”
“Don’t scare me like that” he chastised and Tony only shrugged and silently went back to tucking his head into steve shoulder.
“We were having your house monitored while Steve was away  " nat said carefully
“This okay?” he asked as pulling back and Tony’s mouth stretched into the widest smile he had seen in a really long time and just as Tony tried to kiss him again Steve held his face away and said “ I need to hear it sweetheart, is this okay?”
Just as the bell rang , the students started to pile in, most of them greeting Steve and smiling .
“Some asshole knocked me onto a pile of rubble and I sat on a sharp edge” Steve could hear the pout in his voice and knew that Tony was embarrassed.
“Okay, come on. Let’s go outside and we can talk okay?” and Tony nodded eagerly as Steve helped him sit up and covered him with all things cozy from head to toe. Tony didn’t even complain when Steve fussed over his socks.
time and noticed they all looked just as concerned."I am not sure Thor,but I think he is just tired from yesterday's gala and the SI meetings .He really needs to take a break"
“Come here" he said as he pulled Tony towards the bed and he sat down on the edge settling Tony in between both of his.
Looking up I saw the rest of the team smiling at Tony as he tried to button his shirt up again ,I slapped his hand away “leave that be, you don’t need a tie to donate blood.” A couple of laughter went around the room. Thor was now handing tony a pack of pop tarts , I only just realized that he must have been done as well, didn’t realize it in the chaos.
“steve?”
“Good, come on, give him to me" steve let go and watched as she pulled Tony effortlessly towards her , his head lolling forward oblivious to the exchange around him.
“He will stay with me at the tower.” That was all he knew.
“Howard used to put up a out of order sign board on the elevator , to keep obie out" he said chuckling as he remembered
NATASHA: What?! That isn't fair, you wouldn't arrest me either! You know you wouldn't!
P.S 'He is an asshole' is not a reason. Unless you give me a real one I'm not avoiding him. You know I'm meant to be the teenage girl here not you :P
(See the end of the chapter for
Apologies for the late update. On the plus side, Alcon was a blast. And now I am very sleepy...
STEVE: You've started my trial before I've been arrested? How efficient.
Penny,
Steve,
When we finished the campaign and everyone voted with you... it kind of felt like the end of the world. I still don't see how people could side with it, and even you have to admit Sin's smear campaign against me probably had a lot to do with it. She just wanted to destroy me from every angle, to make me lose everything that mattered. I don't want her to succeed. I'm not Cap any more, I don't represent the people any more, but I don't want to lose you. But I can't compromise my beliefs, either. This act is wrong, and sooner or later people will see that. In the meantime, I want to get my people out of that prison. A life sentence for non-registration is heavy handed, disproportionate and unjust. Any sentence at all is unfair. I guess I can't be an Avenger any more, but there are still people I can help; and I'll do it by protesting against this act and against the imprisonment of people whose only crime is non-registration.
