Taking in a breath he just watched John who had stopped walking, his back still to Sherlock, but he had seen the smaller mans shoulders sag as he had talked.
Leaning his head against the glass he breath’s in a few gulping breaths just as the bulkhead around the door gives out sending freezing water into the hall, pushing John back from the door. Turning in the water he made his way as quickly as he could to the end of the hall, to the door closing on him.
Sherlock pushed himself closer to John, pushing his face against soft hair and warm skin. He breathed in the man's scent letting it take over all other senses for just a moment before breathing out and letting out a sigh.
Stepping out into the hall he slowly made his way to the end, looking through doors as he went till he spotted Cathy talking to Mycroft.
John moved faster than he thought his drugged body could go. He moved into Sherlock’s space, pushing himself against the long lean body, curling his arms up into the space between their bodies and burrowing his head under Sherlock’s chin.
The nurse for her part stayed quiet but she looked at Moran with terrified eyes as he slowly cut her face.
As Sherlock walkes back into the living room John stood, his body settling into attention as he felt the discomfort and tension rolling off of Sherlock.
"John you must understand that Sherlock means so much to me, his care has been my responsibility for so long now that I would do anything to have him live, even have a stranger take my place. You will do anything to keep him alive because in less than five seconds you found yourself looking at a man you saw the rest of your life with."
"I... no." It was stupid, Sherlock knew it was impossible to keep John with him constantly, but he just couldn't let him leave.
They spent breakfast in comfortable silence. Sherlock sipped at his coffee as he reviewed images Lestrade had sent while John ate a full English breakfast. Apparently the cook really did want his affair kept quiet.
Running his thumbs over John’s hands he smiled slightly as John lent forward and place a small kiss to his lips.
Sherlock was in the same building, under the same roof, sleeping, probably not sleeping, possibly pacing, or having a cigarette.
“Fuck how.” John growled then was across the room, his hands pushing Sherlock hard against the wall as he attacked Sherlock’s lips with his own.
“No, don’t…. stop!” John tried but it was no use. Moran was stronger, he hadn’t been given the time to heal and so he was easily forced into the cage. It was tall enough for him to stand in, but he wouldn’t be able to lay down in it, probably only sit with his legs stretch out before him. As the door closed he grabbed hold of the bars and just looked at Sherlock.
Finally Mycroft stopped pacing, his cold blue eyes now alight with silver fire as they turned on Cathy.
As he looked he heard the distant blades of the helicopter then minutes later it flew low over head, racing out over the water before turning and heading back towards the cliffs before hovering over the water as it started it's search.
"Mycroft, I don't know what it is exactly that happened in that time, but you are right. I will keep him alive, I promise. But please you must tell me of anything else that could comprise his care."
What he had seen a week ago had been but a glimpse of the damage done. Now he could see what looked like whip marks covering most of his back. Some had cut so deep that the scar was wide were it hadn’t been stitched together to heal properly. Others scars ran in thin lines from shoulder to hip, a knife or scalp the obvious cause. There where also small round scars that covered one shoulder, theses caused by cigarettes being put out.
Getting into the flat they both headed for the bathroom, grabbing towels and stripping off their soaked clothing.
Sherlock stayed still, waiting for John to settle, then moved his hand up to cover John's back, while his other hand ran over the arm across his middle.
"I'll be back tomorrow. You have nine days left." Moran broke eye contact first but only so he could look at Sherlock. "Make sure he can at least stand long enough to receive his first beating."
"Not something you easily forget." Sherlock said looking over everything as John pulls on his helmet.
"Yeah like I said, what’s his face." John turned to leave but Sherlock stopped him by placing an arm across the door.
Coming to a stop at the open back door he took in the man inside, curls a mess, sweat beading on his forehead and running down his neck, skin pale almost grey as the panic attack took control.
Spinning he placed three well aimed shots before pressing the barrel of the gun to the last standing man's head.
When he had been caught he had only been able to escape after Moran had been else where for nearly a week. In that week Sherlock had found his wits coming back to him and he soon worked out how to get free, a process he had needed to act on fast because he knew if Moran was to return then he would continue to be trapped.
It had been three days since John had been put in with Sherlock. In that time Sebastian Moran had introduced himself to Sherlock, something John hated, he wanted Sherlock as far away from all of them as possible. But Moran was the one to take Sherlock to the bathroom as the man refused to have a catheter, but it meant Sherlock was taken from John and he really didn't like that.
To an outsider John would look peaceful, calm, ordered. But to those that knew him would see his stillness, his lost look, his total lack of interest on what was happening outside and his loss of appetite when it came to drinking the still hot tea, because if there was one thing John Watson hated, it was letting tea go cold, so he always drank it scalding hot.
“Got it! It's dropping straight to us.” He says hit the control so that the speakers fill the room with an eerie pinging sound.
Dull light filtered through the closed heavy curtains of the bedroom. It informed its occupier that a new day had started but John just stared at the wall, his eye's blinking slowly as he replayed one of their days, the day at the theme park, with the wet shirt and blue slushy. He liked that day, he had turned fifteen and Sherlock had been there, it had been their second day.
A gun shot rang out causing John to jump from the bed and position himself between Moriarty and Sherlock. However, the gun wasn’t aimed at either of them and when Maddie fell to the ground he reacted instinctively and went to her. In that instance Moran moved, grabbing John and pinned him to the floor, holding his arms behind his back. John struggled but as Moran pressed into his side his vision whited out as pain ripped through his body causing him to gasp back a scream that threatened him.
"That wasn’t very clever." He whispered and placed a hand over John’s mouth as he pushed hard against the bullet hole in his side.
They walked slowly. John carried the bag on his shoulder and kept his arm around Sherlock’s waist while they walked. Sherlock leaned against him to keep himself upright as well as to soak in his warmth. He’d just been on the pavement, in December, at night. At least it wasn’t snowing. He shook his head. Even his thoughts were cold enough to stutter.
“Are we talking about aliens here?” Mike’s voice sounded, taking John by surprise not know that he too followed.
Curling up he took note of the blanket placed over him, of a pillow placed under his head and then the smell of tea, it was that, that sent him over the edge. Tears started to fall silently so he pushed his face deeper inton the pillow to hide himself from the voices.
"No!" John almost shouted as he pulled Sherlock back to him. "No, god no, Sherlock that was fucking amazing!
"Sherlock is have an adverse reaction to the sedative, even the low dose he is on is affecting him in a way that is causing his heart rate to lower. If he was healthy he would be fine, his heart would slow but not drastically. But because of his trauma his body can’t take it."
“But you think it's something else. What? One of ours?” John asks not paying attention to what Sherlock had first said.
"No idea." He stepped closer to Sherlock a steady strong hand resting on his shoulder. "You need to rest."
Standing he turned to scar face and knocked him out, silencing his screams. Making his way to the other he looked down at the gurgling man then put a bullet in his head killing him out right.
Sherlock watches as Coffey clenches his fist, then takes in the sweat covering Coffey’s skin, even though the temperature of the room was low, causing most to put on more layers to keep warm.
John heard the voice, he registered the words but all he did was search the water. How deep was it? Was there hidden rocks? Under currents that would pull Sherlock away? Drag him out to sea, never to be seen again?
“I’m sure.” He responded as he looked around then stopped as he looked down a darkened hall. “The explosion?”
“How did you know that?” The man slowly lifted Sherlock’s head with one hand and gently touched his scalp with the other.
As she started to undo the belt on his jeans he suddenly spun and caught her face, placing a kiss just as passionate as the one he had given Sherlock on her lips catching her off guard. Singing into the kiss she reached for Sherlock and got him to finish was what she had started whole she started to pull at Sherlock shirt.
“John, you haven't slept properly in the last thirty-six hours, you have hardly eaten and you're differently running on tea alone.”
"Morphine and adrenaline." The paramedic offered John. "Teams are being assembled to get people out, we are just the first wave. I'll put him on the priority list. We need him out and into surgery soon, possibility in the next hour."
Blinking he sat up, pushing the chair down to stand just as Sherlock took in a shuddering breath, his eyes opening then closing against the light.
Turning he went to head into the kitchen when he noted his phone flashing with a missed message. Picking the phone up he inputted the passcode then froze at the notification.
“Listen to you two, just listen. He has made you week Sherlock, pathetic really.” James moved his hand to Sherlock’s curls a smile upon his lips and yet it never reached his eyes. “You were great, you were so much fun and then he came along, he come and changed everything. Your little stupid goldfish.”
Leaning in closer, he brushed back curls to find the pale skin he had been sure that glowed earlier and to eyes that were open and watching him.
Letting out yet another sigh he allowed his body to grow heavy, and let his mind start to wonder till sleep finally took him as well.
"Obviously not." The man came and sat next to him and just looked at the wall with him. "Not a scratch."
"But that means nothing because we have no idea where we are." John said and just fought back the urge to kick out, to punch something, anything.
A growl started deep in John's chest as he stood, causing Sherlock to untangle himself instantly, taking a step back as John turned on him.
The rain continued to pour around them, over them, yet they didn't care. They both needed this, John most of all. To finally have the man he thought dead, pressed against him and kissing him into oblivion was life changing. He would never be able to give this up, not for anything.
"I'm here, I...I don't remember, I'm sorry, but I am here. I will always be here and I will always protect you."
Oh god, ohgodohgodohgod! Why couldn’t he hold on? All he had to do was hold on, hold on and pull. But the ground was too slippy, it crumbled under his weight, under Sherlock’s weight.
"Mr Holmes, John has invited you to come an see him in two weeks time. Will you be able to make it?"
John ran his eyes over all the monitors, Sherlock’s stats were low, his oxygen intake was worrying and his blood pressure needed to rise, it was far too low, as was his heart rate.
“Sherlock?” John had removed a glove, allowing him to place a hand on Sherlock’s face. “Hey, look at me.”
John continued to draw on the ground with his stick as the others talked, his blue eyes going to look at the boy in the tree every few seconds.
"What?" Sherlock turned his head, burying his nose in John's hair, just behind his ear causing the tremors John had become use to, to run through him.
As he turned off the main street and headed toward his small flat, he let his mind wander, going over his studies, thinking about his next paper and hoping that the labs stayed open over the Christmas period to give him a chance to work without his vacuous classmates. If not, he at least had a key and the code to the alarm.
When John woke it was instantly, one second he was lying down the next he was sat up clutching at what ever had been covering him. Eyes wide he looked around until he spotted Sherlock stood at the window but looking at John.
Moran's words where cut short as Sherlock raised the belt and brought it down hard, the buckle connecting with Moran's face causing the man the scream out and cover his head with his arms as he fell to the ground.
The almost doctor helped Sherlock to sit up. He was finally able to look up at the man, and as his image became clear in the glow of the streetlight, Sherlock stilled, his eyes widening as he took in the face of the man he had seen earlier in the night.
Letting the mask he had put on drop, John put a hand to his side and took a few unsteady steps back.
"God damn it...why are you not dead?" John asked as Moran pulled free two set of hand cuffs and proceed to cuff John to the stretcher, as the other man packed med supplies. "Last time I saw you, you where bleeding out in the desert."
“Great, so please stay away the guy currently suffering from pressure induced psychosis! I would see it as a great personal favour to me, mostly because I don’t want to see you with your brains blow away.”
"Greg, yes John has spoken of him before. I think this would be a good step forward for him, to have people he knows to come and vist. One at a timeat first then maybe have them all here for a lunch or dinner."
When Sherlock pulled back, gasping for air he looked down at John with almost black eyes,  the blues, greens and gold gone, taken up by lust, want and need.
"That all?" Sherlock frowns then winces  as the movement caused him to pull the stitches on his head.
John had walked out half an hour earlier leaving Sherlock and Cathy alone, leaving Sherlock feeling lost, stupid and incapable of hiding.
He was kept inside a simple cage, tall enough for him to stand in but not wide enough for him to lay down in.
"His heart is struggling." A mask was pulled from the bag and placed over Sherlock’s mouth, the paramedic also pulled out medication which he quickly administered.
As the water snake moves into the rooms it scans the sleeping occupants, Sally, curled up and snoring lightly, Dimmock still unconscious, Anderson, out like a light, his arm still strapped to his chest.
John’s arm shot out and he was shocked when he was able to grab a fistful of Moriarty’s suit and pulled the criminal mastermind against the bars.
"It’s like a computer, or as I've said that is what he likens it to. He is able to store information in a way that allows him to access it whenever he needs it. But like a computer some data needs to be deleted, so things he does not find interesting or useful are just forgotten."
Of course he didn’t know at the time that he had fallen, but he had and so he was bound to it until he could have it.
"Why?" He looked up from his restraints to glare at Sherlock. "Because the man I fucking love Killed Himself!!"
"That's normal, being led down for so long is not good, and the blood rushing back down into your body can feel odd."
Sherlock knew he had fallen the moment he had seen John on that train, his mind had raced with a million different ways for him to go and talk to him, to get a chance to know him. He never once thought that he would end up in hospital with John looking after him, being there for him, let alone kissing him.
"Okay...here is what needs to be done. You may be stopping the bleeding at this moment in time, but gravity will be working against us, and pretty soon you will start to bleed out unless I get you onto your back. I don't think you have broke your back or neck, you still have complete feeling." The man blinked, indicating that he did. "Okay, so I need to turn you."
‘I would have told you!’ Sherlock frantically ran his hand through his hair, looking around the classroom in a frenzy. ‘I need to go home and choose a way to ask him, Jim! Why did no one tell me I was running out of time!’
Sherlock shook his head, still staring at John in amazement. ‘I don't know, darling, why don't you go and find the CD player and we can see? John, how did you not know that I would ask you?’
and their family is well-known and well-documented, but you couldn’t quite describe how it felt to feel a part of your soul flutter away.
When Moriarty disappears, he’s by John in a heartbeat. The coat is off, Sherlock throws it as far away from them as he can, saying over and over, ‘are you alright, are you alright’ and not hearing a reply, and finally,
Before John could finish the door was thrown open and Irene entered, Sherlock’s youngest son safely in her arms. Sherlock sat up, dropped the heart, and shouted, ‘potassium!’
was exactly what he needed, John’s hands locked around his neck, John’s lips on his, John pressed against him until they are one. John hasn’t betrayed him, John is safe, and therefore Sherlock is complete.
Sherlock adores Lizzie. He takes her to the park, talks to her as if she’s an educated, intelligent adult and even
I AM REALLY LOOKING FORWARD TO THE NEXT CHAPTER (cough Johnlock cough) but for now please leave comments and kudos on this one :)
‘Language,’ John hissed as Sheila frowned and said, ‘I’m sorry, John, but when it’s time for the birth your daughter won’t be allowed in the delivery room.’
‘Then this wasn’t you.’ John murmured. He cupped the younger man’s cheek and kissed him gently on the lips, and it almost hurt how much he wanted Sherlock in the moment. ‘What that woman did to you was heinous, Sherlock, and I promise you that everything she said was completely untrue. It was designed to hurt you. You’re not cursed; you weren’t responsible for anyone’s deaths. Don’t let it interfere with your life, Sherlock, and don't let it stop you from being the brilliant man I know that you are.‘
William swallowed hard. ‘I can’t-‘ and he looked at the floor, seemed to come to some sort of decision, and looked back up. ‘I’m sorry, for not accepting you. It was- it must have been horrible for you. I don’t like it, Sherlock, but I’ll try.’
‘I was the second-youngest of the seven of us. The eldest was Mycroft-‘ John looks up, shocked. ‘Yes. Mycroft is my genuine brother. He was twelve years older than me, but he stopped aging a lot later in life: he will look to be in his mid-thirties forever, I look in my early twenties. They know now that there is a genetic link between the
‘How- how do you know?’ John was so confused that he couldn't even register that he and Sherlock were talking for the first time in almost
Was he dreaming? He couldn't be dreaming, it had sounded real, completely real, and he had been clean for three hundred and forty one days so he wasn't high and he was going to the
'Would it matter?' John snapped, peeking around the side of the hut. 'Would that matter to you, Rebecca?'
‘Christ.’ John put his head in his hands, cursing the over-protective uncle over and over in his head. ‘That’s not necessary.’
century is alive with lies, and Sherlock…well. Sherlock thrives. Especially after the horror of the 19
But as John kissed him, his soft, slightly chapped lips pressed lightly against Sherlock’s, it felt like his mind was exploding in a way it hadn’t done when he had had his first, second, third etc. kisses.
Sherlock shook his head frantically from the corner of the bedroom, where he’d been standing, shaking, for the last ten minutes. ‘Please, John-‘
Mrs Hudson was looking at him and her eyebrows had creased in a strange way. ‘Pleased to meet you,’ John said, sticking out his hand. Mrs Hudson shook it gently and looked at Sherlock, before saying, ‘how lovely that you’ve found someone, Sherlock!’
John frowned. It was Mycroft, his face projected onto every single television screen in the empire. He was immaculate, as usual, but…
‘What’s a home?’ Sherlock said softly. He was talking to himself but the chauffer heard and said, ‘home? Home’s what you look forward to during a tough day at work. Home’s the place you miss when you go away. Home’s what you long for when you’re feeling down. Home’s what makes you happy, sir.’
‘But I didn’t,’ John interrupts, ‘Not till she told me to. And that’s what you’re missing, Sherlock. She taught me to be the man she already thought I was.’
He saw William’s eyes, his nose, his cheekbones and thick hair in the people. He saw William’s stature, his build, his height, and suddenly he remembered something Sherlock had said once, a few weeks before they started dating.
Sherlock glared at her; was she trying to be a complete idiot? ‘Now why would he do that, Molly?’ Approximately eight girls and one boy in our year of 75 students find John Watson attractive and I predict that at least two of the girls are willing to ask him to the prom, if he doesn't ask them first. The probability-‘
‘Mycroft found me approximately ninety minutes later. He’d heard the gunshot but had assumed it was a car backfiring. When he came into the room, I was sitting in blood, my mother’s brains soaking my shorts, her blood staining my shoes, and I turned around and said, ‘you’re just in time, Myc. Mummy will wake up soon,’ and there was an expression on his face that I'd never seen before and he- he just picked me up and ran out of the room, scrubbed me all over and pretended I’d never been in there. It was our first big boy secret.’
John froze, a single step away from the corner that would expose him to the waiting room, and the man and girl he knew were sitting there. A voice, his daughter’s, warm and full of sleep, came next. ‘Dad? What time is it?’
was he thinking that, he was with John, James had ruined his life and Sherlock hated him more than he hated anyone else in the entire world and would have given anything to see him dead and buried and unable to hurt anyone else that Sherlock cared about.
She had ruled for nine years as her eldest son’s regent. She had successfully avoided two wars, got the economy back on track, and made alliances with the other two most powerful countries in the world; the US and China, which had led to increased trade and investment in their Kingdom’s businesses.
‘Me, neither.’ Freddy said, too focused on his Nintendo to really pay attention. ‘What did you even say, Seb? Fraggots?’
‘It’s that list that I did to see how I would ask you to Prom!’ Sherlock said excitedly, showing John the list. John looked at Sherlock in disbelief. ‘You were going to ask me to
'I-' Sherlock started to say, but John just shook his head. 'Shut the fuck up. I've tried to get over you, Sherlock, but I
Sherlock couldn't say anything to that. John knew it, and he turned slightly away. ‘You still love him.’
The next morning Jenny woke him up at half past eight because ‘Teen club starts in half an hour, John!’ The resort they were staying at was an all-inclusive deal, where the parents got drunk and slept by the pool all day whilst the children were entertained by the staff, or as they were called here
‘Don’t play coy with me, you just proclaimed your love for me.’ John had gone very pale and was blinking rapidly, spoon shaking in his left hand (Rosie tried to grab it but just missed). ‘Right?’
The reason why he felt miserable the majority of the time was because Sherlock Holmes was desperately and irrevocably in love with his (Flatmate? Best friend? Blogger?), a man by the name of John Watson who loved hideous jumpers, the winter and adrenaline rushes and hated the year 2013, cold tea and Siri. Sherlock had been in love with John Watson since the day after he met him (January 27
John sat down next to him, sneaking looks at the other boy every now and then, but Sherlock was staring adamantly away from him. He didn't look at him once for the rest of the game, barely even spoke to him, and John was left to ponder his sexuality for the
Walking away from his father, hearing his shouts, and suddenly tears were running down John’s face. Through the blur, Harry was approaching, but he ignored her, rushing past as he cried. There was only one person he wanted to see at that moment, and he ran, ran as fast as he could, trying to get to him.
Smith told him, tears flowing from his eyes, of how Hunter had died about eight hours after they had arrived back, and John felt the shadow of another person he had failed to save resting on his conscience.
, over and over, tell him that by cheating on him Sherlock made the worst mistake of his life, that he’d do anything to have John back in his life, back as his boyfriend and that he loved him, loved him so much it made his heart ache just to think about it because
John shakes his head, hands still tangled in Sherlock’s hair, and he says in a voice that doesn’t sound quite as broken as it did before, ‘Later.’
‘We’re going to go to the hospital,’ John murmured. ‘We’re going to find Lila, we’re going to watch our child being born, and we’re going to leave that hospital in the next few days with our family complete.’
‘Sorry!’ Harry said, and John looked up and, unbelievably, her eyes were still closed. ‘Are you decent?’
‘I was five years and five days old.' John almost breathed a sigh of relief - he didn't love Jim - but Sherlock looked so sad and conflicted he couldn't. 'I was at Dreyden palace with my mother, my brother and my father. Morag was there as well, though she had been holed up with my dad in his study all weekend, some national emergency. I can’t remember what.’ Sherlock had a faraway look in his eyes and it was like he wasn’t talking to John anymore-
is Moriarty, and Sherlock genuinely cannot believe this has happened, that John, his John, is his arch-enemy, has been playing him for all this time,
Sherlock had told Xander and Talia all about James, of course; he had told them his entire life story, even about his mother. They wouldn’t remember anyway, and they were such attentive listeners that didn’t interrupt or talk back. He felt like his nephew and niece were the only two lifeforms he could talk too.
his heart is beating again, and he wants to cry and scream and laugh all at the same time because John is safe, John is here, John is standing in front of him and John
is here,’ he had said, blinking back tears. ‘My school. My connections. My- my friends.’ For the first time in his life, Sherlock was truly happy, and now they were
He couldn’t concentrate on the hundreds of people in the Abbey and the millions in their homes saying as one, ‘God save King Sherlock!’ He couldn’t concentrate on the Archbishop attempting to settle down the cheering. He couldn’t concentrate on the children standing to the side holding the sword, orb and crown.
Irene chuckled and Sherlock smiled proudly; Mycroft shot her an exasperated look, glared at Sherlock and pulled out his phone. ‘This is a big event, Sherlock, and we need it to go perfectly. The eyes of the world are on us and we can
John hadn't expected for him and Sherlock to click again, like they’d done last time. He’d thought too much time had passed, they were both too much older and they hadn't seen or spoken to each other in too long a time: they’d come back to the resort and John had assumed they would ignore each other for the four weeks that John was here.
Sherlock swept out of the room. Mycroft was watching him and John was actually physically hurt by the sadness, pain and anger in Mycroft’s eyes as he watched his little brother.
And then he called John. Sitting at his desk, foot tapping anxiously against the floor, phone ringing in his ear, he felt almost sick. He loved John, he was his best friend, and he didn’t know how he would be able to live without him for that long. They’d been inseparable for four years, and the thought of not seeing John for a month, let alone a year, made him feel shaky-
Mycroft glared at Sherlock as if he knew exactly what was running through his younger brother’s mind and muttered, 'I know I said that I would drop this, Sherlock, but the necessity to discuss your little girlfriend is growing. Can we
Mycroft came stumbling back into the room minutes later, a bottle in one hand and Jawn's medication in the other. "Trade."
He settles back down onto the sofa, getting lost in the local sports page and the droning sound of the telly. Then he hears it again. The tiny creak of the floorboard just outside the entrance to the sitting room. Could it be? No, Sherlock could not be defying him again. Looking up, he sees nothing, but he can feel the presence of his little boy just around the corner. Just as he’s about to tell him off, Sherlock's messy head peeks around the door frame of the kitchen.
"Baby, baby, baby, poor sweet baby." Greg sat in Sherlock's chair, with Sherlock wrapped around him like an octopus. Gentle hands nudged Sherlock back so Greg could examine his face.
After rinsing the bottom of the tub free of leftover suds and grass blades, Greg followed Sherlock and found him already sitting on the changing table like a little monk, with his towel shrouded around him.
"Shush, you're supposed to be on my side." Greg took the phone from Sherlock to find the music app, setting off a whole chorus of whinging and "Nooo, I do'it! Mine, Ge'g, mine phone!" until he gave it back with a huff.
"Mm. Should we use a pastry bag and make the frosting fancy? Or use a butter knife and smear it on."
Sherlock looked down and (as if he'd been waiting for that very signal) stuck his thumb back in his mouth, with Bunny still hanging from his hand. After having a quick peek around at the obviously dummy-less floor, he looked back up at his brother and shrugged.
Mycroft paused in the doorway of the ensuite; "That means staying on the bed until Gregory comes into the room."
“That seems terribly unlikely.” Mycroft pulled the little boy into a one armed embrace as they walked the short distance down the hallway. Mycroft nudged Sherlock forward and he tentatively knocked on the door.
Sherlock leaned over his snoring brother; "Hims din'nah turn o'bb hims phone," he whispered to Jawn.
Sherlock picked up a gummy worm, put it in his mouth, and loudly slurped it down and chewed while looking Mycroft directly in the eye.
"I do, too...I just don't wear it. I'll be right back," Mycroft said as he patted Sherlock on top of his sun-warmed hair, then turned to walk across the yard and enter the kitchen through the side door.
Greg took the cup that Sherlock had been using and gave it a quick rinse under the tap, clearing away the smears of frosting and cake. Then he rinsed the old milk out, dried it, and poured in some fresh before following after the two of them.
Greg chuckled and looped his arm through Mycroft's. "Good call inviting her to stay. The company'll do wonders for him."
"You're both going to catch salmonella one day." Mycroft kept a wary eye on the chocolate all over Sherlock's face.
"A'cause why?" Sherlock looked back over his shoulder as Greg guided him out of the bathroom and down the hall to the nursery.
"Nah, they just make you a very slippery little fish." Greg opened the walk-in closet and disappeared inside.
"Yea, bu'd this is my secon' birf'day par'yee for my fren's. Ear'yee'er was for my fam'yee...you my fren' too...righ'?" Sherlock put a frosting covered finger in his mouth and looked up at Mycroft with doe eyes. He and Greg both heaved quiet sighs when Mycroft deflated.
"How did you know?" Sherlock asks, coming around the corner, a lovely pout on his face. He’s dragging John's jumper.
He sighed…he supposed that he had enough time to finish his tea before making any decisions. He took another sip and looked around the flat, seeing the stuffed animals and blankets and sippy cups that had been left out, despite his best efforts to get the boys to clean up after themselves.
"There's a good boy." Sherlock’s shoulders hunched at the praise. And he moved quickly to climb into the tub, the bubbles allowing him some modesty.  It lasted for only a moment before John knelt down beside the tube, cloth in hand, to scrub his body. Modesty was not a luxury that little boys could afford if they wanted Daddy’s to take proper care of them.
Mrs. Hudson rolled her eyes at the mess on the floor and the demand for chips. "In my flat we eat more than chips, Sherlock Holmes," She scolded, putting the bag on a chair at the kitchen table.
Jawn snorted, which no one in this room full of Rulers of the Derisive Snort would have noticed, had it not been for the fact that the little one had quite forgotten about the straw full of juice in his mouth. A swig of apple juice shot down his throat the wrong way and, for a moment, he lost his breath before coughing violently.
"No thank you, sweetheart," Mycroft called back, then finished whispering to Greg; "I would hate for him to fall asleep before eating one."
Mycroft was opening and closing several drawers; "Tell that to Gregory. And ask him where he put the damned candles, while you're at it."
"Well, I'm not." Mycroft took a meaningful bite of rice; "You might as well actually finish your dinner while I finish mine."
Mycroft felt a rush of relief, but it was short-lived as Jawn joined in with Sherlock’s cackling and ribbing. “Worms are foul,” he sniffed. “Even if they’re are candy ones.”
"Soooo nice. C'n I borrow tha'd one?" Molly pointed at a huge faux diamond ring. "Di'mon's my fa'brite!" she said and plopped down beside him, her mismatched socks waggling beneath the hem of her dress.
Jawn did, pressing so hard that Mycroft was afraid he was going to crack his plate in half (what’s one more emotional meltdown on a day like today?), but the results were the same. The prongs on the ‘little’ forks weren’t long enough to stick through the thick pasta.
"He came straight from you to me," Greg murmured at Mycroft. "He wasn't digging in your office, or heading out the front door." Greg put his hand in one of Mycroft's back pockets and gave him a squeeze. "He's learnin'."
"It's wedged against my back," Greg growled, digging underneath himself and pulling out the yellow dummy.
Sherlock fell in step with his brother and stayed hugged up at his side as they climbed the stairs, Greg following close behind.
Mycroft waited until Greg was firmly on the landing and well clear of the steps before smacking him. "Cheeky bastard!"
hit. "Here, sweetheart," Greg said, taking the plastic telescope and handing it to Sherlock, who seemed to move in slow motion as he took it; "Show me how it works."
There were three loud claps as Mycroft swung his arm and cracked his hand across Greg's backside, making him yelp and dance away. "I said I was sorry!" he protested, reaching back to rub.
"Yes, it is." Mycroft took a lock of hair and held it up at full length, showing that it stretched out a good four inches. "It would nearly touch your shoulders were it not for the curl to it."
John pauses at the door, letting out another sigh with his finger on the light switch. "Yes Sherlock?"
"Exactly. Let's make the yellow one next." Mycroft opened the bottle of yellow and handed it to Sherlock.
"They don't start recording unless something triggers them, Gregory. Until then, they just monitor."
Demonstrating the patience of a saint, Myroft opened the small bottle of extract and poured a capful. "If you take your clothes off now, you'll have to go straight to bed and stay under the blankets."
"That might not be such a good idea," Greg said, and went on to explain when Sherlock's bottom lip poked out.  "Everytime we watch the panda movie, we end up practicing our karate-"
Sherlock stopped right in the middle of the stairs, refusing to go further. "NO! I dun' wan'd s'yeep! I dun' wan'nid, Myc'cobb!"
Sherlock glared at him through tear-filled, glassy eyes, his chin wobbling...then, the little, battered detective crumbled with a sob.
"Wha'd if i was very careful wi'f em?" Molly asked Mycroft, setting her chin on his knee and looking up at him hopefully.
Sherlock blinked at them both, his hands over his mouth as he chewed on his thumb, and then dropped his gaze to the floor.
Sherlock cried into his bunny all through the rest of his nappy change, and all the harder when they got him out of his pajamas and into the new onesie.
"You look at his bruises and stitching when he comes downstairs and tell me again that 'it'll be alright'," Mycroft snapped. In his frenzy, a bottle of antacids fell from his hand and landed upon the counter, where (of course it would be his luck) the cap popped off and little multi-coloured tablets immediately went scattering to the floor.
"You wouldn't have been allowed in either way. Snooping in my pants drawer is likely to traumatize us both." Mycroft drained his cup and got up to refill the kettle.
Mycroft put his hands on his hips and looked down at them; “You both know why you were put into time-out, so I’m not going to rehash that or why you shouldn’t ever do that again. I want you both to hug and apologize, then go sit with your blankets.”
"And they are free to do as they wish. But..." Mycroft trailed off and stared into his water glass, slowly swirling the half-melted ice cubes around.
“Yes, I gathered that.” Mycroft helped lift a sopping wet Jawn out of the tub and set him down on the bathmat. After taking the last dry towel and wrapping it around the naked, shivering little doctor, he turned to his younger brother; “Can you be a good lad and rinse your bath toys? In the sink?” he added quickly.
Sherlock dunked a fresh roll into the sauce and crunched happily, while Greg sat in his seat and opened his container of green curry.
Greg put a bib on Sherlock and handed him the other two to put on his bay'bees. "I don't think that excuse is gunna fly."
Greg shuffled closer and, once he finally stepped into Mycroft's reach, found himself in a one-armed hug. "I know you meant well," Mycroft said, kissing his cheek. "But the next time you have issues with one of my rules, discuss it with me instead of going behind my back."
"Ea'ds peanu'ds, swee'dhear'd." Sherlock tipped his head back into Greg's shoulder and gave him a beatific grin.
"Nothing. You shouldn't have done anything." Mycroft took Greg's shoulder and turned him so they were facing each other. "Sherlock would never forgive you. John is..." Mycroft trailed off. "--We're going to take care of Sherlock."
Sherlock turned the plainly wrapped package over in his hands, his powers of deduction slowed from headache and days in headspace. And a concussion. Couldn't forget that bit.
Sherlock whinged around his thumb and waggled his flannel at Mycroft; “Diff'ren' job? I wan’ do bubba's.”
Greg blinked at him for a moment; "-You know. I looked all through the closet myself when the mermaid disappeared. I didn't see it in there."
They stood in the afternoon sun, everything quiet except the occasional slam of cupboard doors and Mycroft threatening to blister Jawns' bum.
Mycroft sighed…Sherlock’s weight was becoming a strain now that they weren’t moving. He hitched him up to get a better grip and to switch shoulders, and looked down at Jawn; “Once we get inside, we’ll find a whole hoard of dummies to trade for yours back, but we can’t do anything about it until we get up there. Door, please?”
John could not deny the imploring look that his brat gave him and he sat down beside him. The detective immediately rested his curly head in John’s lap, and the doctor immediately rested a loving hand on top of it.
Sherlock held the phone to Jawn's ear, tears pouring down his face. Jawn was hurt, it was his fault, and he was going to be in huge, massive trouble.
"Wonderful idea." Mycroft had refilled his pot and selected a pale yellow ribbon for his Daisies. "Which beads would you like?" he asked as he carefully gathered them together and tied them near their blooms, making a tent-like shape.
Sherlock nodded and touched his fingers to his mouth as he chewed, as if he were afraid to chew too quickly.
Mycroft gave him a tight smile, and took it anyway. Well, he did ask him. And all things considering, he was better off handling plastic in any case. He tapped the spoon he was using to stir against the pot, knocking off any extra sauce, then set it aside. “Good boy, thank you,” he said, taking the cup and turning towards the sink to fill it. “Now, can you be a love and pick out bibs for yourself and Jawn?” Best to keep them busy until it was time to sit down and eat.
“Thank God,” Mycroft grumbled, struggling to his feet. “You both better stay in bed until 7am at the earliest or hell will out.”
Sherlock glances down at his hand as it trails down his chest and stomach, past his twitching erection and just as they are about to find purchase at his opening there is a terrible growl from across the room, "Don't even think about it."
"I, I, I w-wan', I w-wan', I w'an--" Sherlock snivelled and hitched as he laid against his brother's shoulder, trying to speak and catch his breath at the same time, and just being an overall miserable little boy.
“You’re going to make the Tooth Fairy question her job security,” Mycroft said, then (once it was clear that Sherlock was only getting louder, and had energy yet to keep going) added a loud “FINE, yes, here they are!”, and bared most of his teeth in a wide, wolfish grin. “See?”
Mycroft heard Jawn’s feet thudding through the flat and shook his head…Mrs. Hudson simply had to have ear plugs.
"You do understand that they are adults most...some of the time? We don't get much say in how things are when they aren't with us."
Sherlock slowly scooted up the bed and laid down. As the tapes on his nappy came undone he blindly reached for Jawn, and the little doctor quickly replaced the corner of the pillow with Sherlock’s thumb.
Mycroft had easily stripped Sherlock of his clothes as well. "These pants have seen better days." Mycroft said as he examined a hole of the bum cheek of Sherlock's pants.
“Put that here,” John pointed at the landing. “And then come here,” he said calmly, turning back into the kitchen. Sherlock put the stool on the landing and came to the doorway as Daddy pulled one of the chairs from the kitchen table into the middle of the room.
"Don't stop little boy." As Daddy says this he slips a well lubed finger into Sherlock. Sherlock moans low in his throat. "Keep talking Sherlock. Daddy wants to hear that filthy mouth."
Mycroft gave his baby brother a 'look', and Sherlock covered his mouth with both hands while giggling.
“If you run off, half-cocked, and almost get yourself killed, again, there will be consequences.  I know the work. I’ve been there. But endangering yourself because you’re impatient, or not willing to listen, or whatever, is no longer acceptable.”
John guides Sherlock off of his lap and can’t help but smirk at the pout still on the boy’s face. Even with a warm bottom he still looks ready to strop. John holds out a hand that Sherlock takes immediately, wrapping his long fingers around John’s as if he’ll never let go.
“I eat more than chips!” Sherlock squawked, giving John a haughty glare. “And anyways, why would I eat if I’m not hungry? That’s just patently ridiculous.”
“I y’ike games!” Jawn peeped, shoving his green crayon into the pocket of his onesie. “Pit’cher is done, now fw’idge!!!” He bounded to his feet and skittered out of the sitting room, picture in hand.
Mycroft produced a wet wipe from a nearby pack and held it out to Sherlock. "Wait, here; wipes your hands fir--nevermind," he sighed as the baby tore into the blue and silver foil wrapping paper with peanut butter-covered hands. "I y'ike d'is," he said, waving a piece of paper. "I keep i'd?"
Mycroft sighed. "So, what would you like to do, if you don't want to read a story?" he asked, rubbing his hand up and down Sherlock's back.
This caused both boys to freeze, Sherlock gaping at him…especially since he’d just had his hand swatted for dipping it into his sauce.
Jawn, who’s eyelids had just started to droop, shot back open and gave Mycroft a dirty look. “Don’ use one on’im,” he grumped.
Greg put his arms into the straps and looked at his reflection in the mirror. "I look like a lumpy cupcake."
"Bee-bee-bee, bay-bee," Sherlock sang, keeping himself occupied while his brother got out the baby lotion, powder, and one of the lavender nappies.
Greg patted Sherlock's bottom as the baby snuggled him. "I wasn't the one who unpacked the shopping, dearest."
The little detective reached up and twisted one of his curls around his finger, then tugged on it. “Really sorry…I don’t mind when Jawn cries,” he admitted, his brow furrowing in the middle.
Sherlock was out of his seat and headed down the hallway in a single heartbeat, bare feet slapping the tile.
Greg worked quickly to clean him up, but he was going to leave the baby's hair for his Daddy. No way he was fighting that battle tonight."What about cartoons?"
“There had better be tea in this flat, children…ah!” There was a box of his favorite, right there at the front of the cabinet, still in cello wrap. “I’m going to buy you both a pony. And your Nana a yacht…and a housekeeper.”
"There had better be NO little monkeys jumping on that bed," Greg clarified as he opened the closet and pulled out a rather plain-looking black trunk. "We don't need anyone bumping their heads."
He chanced a glance up the stairs as he bent to retrieve the stool. Daddy was standing at the top, arms crossed, his mouth set in a narrow line.
Sherlock stuck his thumb in his mouth and stared at the knives, then looked back up at Mycroft and nodded.
Then, the door to the bathroom popped open. As did the blue/green/turquoise eyes. And the brown ones.
Sherlock pouted and whinged in the back of his throat, but he opened his mouth and waited, his eyes squinched shut.
Sherlock scurried to the kitchen door to avoid more 'encouragement' pats, and then started tip-toeing down the hall. "G'eg?
...It was all of thirty seconds before Sherlock was, once again, straining against his hold. “Up!” he pleaded. “Up, My’coff…up!”
Sherlock wilted at that; "A'course, Jawn. Promise.” Sherlock scooted over to make room for Jawn, who hesitantly slid into place.
The little fairy stomped her foot on Billy's palm. 'Then you'll have to find me a new one!' she demanded."
Jawn huffed again and plopped down onto the floor with an audible squish, then immediately looked as if he realized that hadn’t been the best idea.
Sherlock made a face and whinged, then opened his mouth and let his brother put the pill on his tongue.
Sherlock hated this part the most. He had a very strict routine on how he liked to wash his hair. He had been very adamant with John about it, and while John had never once messed it up, he still cringed at the possibility. Sherlock tilted his head back and closed his eyes, ready for John to wet his hair.
By the time Mycroft got back to the bit about Sally scolding the pair for ruining her house, Gregory was asleep on his shoulder.
Mycroft was in the midst of rubbing the sleep from his face, and gave Jawn a look through his fingers.
Mycroft took down the detachable showerhead and gave the baby a final rinse of all his purple suds. "Which pajamas would you like?"
Jawn bounded into the room and, before Mycroft could say “No!”, took a flying leap onto the cot next to Sherlock.
"I know, I've seen." Greg poured a small splash into Sherlock's bowl, and then his. "D'yah want to bring me one of your sippy cups, please?"
"That...doesn't sound like a good idea." Greg kept a hand floating at Sherlocks' back, the instinct to help overwhelming.
"I've got him and Peanut right here, muffin." Greg held them up to show him. "Just follow your brother and we'll tuck them in with you once we're all settled."
“I don’t wan’ different clothes!” Jawn protested, letting his dummy fall from his mouth and bounce on the floor.
Greg kissed one of the only clean spots on Sherlock's face; on the back of his jawline, just beneath his ear. "Are you gonna be okay, little man?"
"Of course," Mycroft said, and did a quick sweep of his hand over the blankets in hopes of finding the missing dummy...but there was no such luck. "Gregory is fantastic at finding things."
"Yes. Not until 'se'ben'. If it's not 'til eight, you and Jawn can split that biscuit." Greg's eyes closed the second his head touched his pillow.
The little doctor squealed and tucked his neck down, giggling, then fell backwards onto the bed. When he realized what Mycroft had done, he stopped laughing and tried to glare at him again, but it was too late…and now Sherlock was in on the act.
There came a rapid thumping from the hallway as Sherlock dashed into the room, his arms full of dripping wet but bubble-free cups. “NO! No no no nonononononononono, that’s mine!”
Sherlock gobbled his last biscuit quickly and was clambering off of Mycroft's lap and up to bed to be with Greg. "Hi G'eg!"
“He’s still y’aughin’,” Jawn grumbled as they got nearer to the nursery, where you could, indeed, still hear Sherlock’s devious giggling.
Mycroft glanced over at his little brother's crestfallen little face. "Well," he said with a knowing smile; "...we do have something we can put on them."
"No, yeah, I know that. I love having the baby in the house, but I'd gotten used to having you to myself." Greg gave him a cheeky grin that didn't quite reach his eyes.
“I halp!” Sherlock said, belly flopping back onto the bed, long fingers searching through the bedding.
"Sherlock, sweetheart, it'll be okay." Greg had skipped the elevator in lieu of taking three flights of steps, then rushed to his car. "Now tell me...can you see if Jawn's bleeding anywhere? Did he hit his head?" Sherlock stuck his thumb in his mouth and shook his head.
"Oh." Sherlock settled back down and, now that his brother wasn't holding his hand, stuck his thumb in his mouth. "Ca' we go see 'im?"
Mycroft rolled his eyes and resisted the urge to throw something at his face. "Did you check the OTHER BUILDINGS in this yard, hm?!" he snipped. "Maybe, oh, I don't know, the SHED and the GREENHOUSE???"
"Baxter is going to sleep with you, love bug. The monitor is on. Call for us when you wake up," Mycroft put Baxter near Sherlock's face and kissed his hair. "Have sweet dreams," he whispered, and then stepped back to let Greg pull the side of the crib up and into place with a gentle click.
Mycroft propped his feet up and held the book open with one hand, using his pinkie to flip to the first page. He then cleared his throat, and began to read; “Once upon a time,” he began, wrapping his free arm around the boys at his side, his fingers curling in Sherlock’s hair. “There were four little rabbits, and their names were–”
“It’s just an umbrella.” Mycroft scoffed, snatching the umbrella from his baby brother. “And if you break it, I’ll break your bottom.”
Sherlock collected a massive dollop of frosting with the tip of his knife, and smeared it all over the naked side of the cupcake. "Tha'd o'gay?" he asked, showing Mycroft his wonderfully unbalanced cupcake.
"P'yay wif Peanu'd." Sherlock's voice sounded even more stuffy when muffled by the plush elephant. "Wa'sh mo'bies wif Peanu'd."
Well, that was a disaster waiting to happen. “No, no pink teeth,” Mycroft said, taking him around the waist and sitting him back down on his bottom.
John bit his own lip, hard. Sometimes he forgot what a delicate little guy Sherlock could be. “Daddy didn’t mean that, Sherlock.”
Jawn crossed his arms and glowered at him…which might have been more effective without the powder-blue dummy tucked in his mouth.
Mycroft wrinkled his nose. He’d yet to see Sherlock actually feed himself. But in the interest of peace, he carried on. "Enjoy.” He slide the sundaes in front of them and lamented not being able to take a picture of their star struck faces. The clerk had gone overboard on the toppings.
“S-s-sToP!” Jawn howled, making a grab for Sherlock’s wrists but, needing to keep his arms pressed into his sides, missed.
"Here you go, sprout," Greg sat the piece of cookie in front of Jawn, frowning as he shoved a fist full of it into his mouth. "That's...alarming."
Greg could feel his eyes start to sting a little. Damn. When did he become so soppy? Definitely the lack of sleep.
“He...could he have been air lifted out of the yard?” Greg asked, causing Sherlock to shiver beside him.
"He called and texted me as well." Mycroft slid his phone across the table, the screen unlocked. "Last night."
Sherlock hesitated for a second before pulling the valentine out with a flourish. Loose glitter rained down over them both.
"Yes, you are." Mycroft shook out another half-cup of powdered sugar, then rolled the bag closed. "Do you know where I keep my vanilla?"
“A new na’bby won’d hel’b my be’yee,” Jawn sniffled, letting himself be turned and led to the nursery.
"I don't know. A whole bunch of glitter stuck to you earlier." Greg ducked into his bedroom while Sherlock stood in the doorway, and pulled his sock monkey slippers from beneath the bed.
"There,” Mycroft cooed, and snapped Sherlock's onesie closed. "Such a good boy for his nappy change."
Sherlock merely huffed a put upon sigh in response. Mycroft rolled his eyes and settled on the step next to Sherlock. Despite himself, the little detective leaned into his big brother. They stayed that way for several moments, listening to Jawn struggle with his lace ups in the nursery.
Sherlock moans behind gritted teeth as John grips the flesh of his stinging cheeks and rubs. The pain of having his freshly spanked ass groped so roughly causes him to buck, trying to get some friction for his aching prick. "Yes... Daddy... please... do..."
“Not if we each do our share.” Mycroft strode over to the sink, where he procured two flannels from one of the nearby drawers. He turned on the tap, and dampened each one in turn. “You,” he said, handing one to his brother; “clean up any puddles and wipe down the countertops, and you,” he said, handing one to Jawn; “clean up your trail.”
"Come on gentlemen, dinner is ready," Greg said as he walked by, now carrying two heavily laden bags.
Sherlock stood there and reached up to clutch handfuls of his hair. He didn't know what to do first. "I haf'fa get my phone, Jawn!" He said tearfully, and darted into the kitchen to the drawer where they kept their phones when they were little. He fumbled with it clumsily and ended up calling the last number that had called him...Greg. “‘ey, Sherlo--"
Jawn rushed back into the kitchen, a plastic triceratops clutched to his narrow chest. “His horn is broken!” The horn on the toy’s snout was bent at a strange angle.
Sherlock grunted as he flopped onto the sofa. It was cushier than the one upstairs. He imagined it swallowing him whole like a sea monster.
Sherlock cried himself out. "I j-jus' dun' w-w-wan' go s'eep," he sniffled, wiping his face on Greg's shoulder and then moaning in pain.
John gives Sherlock's cock a final few strokes before leaving off. The boy beneath him makes a desperate mewling sound as his now full cock slaps against the mess on his belly. John slides between Sherlock's still invitingly open thighs. He takes a moment to survey the scene below him as he strips off his pants. His little boy looks debauched; sweaty, flushed, and trembling. His pupils blown wide, leaving only a thin band of silver. Hard cock laying in the mess he'd made a few minutes ago.
“Don’t chew on your thumb, lad…” Mycroft said, taking him by the wrist and gently moving his hand away. “There’s all sorts of nasties that live to live under fingernails.”
Greg let down the side of the crib and half crawled in to wrap the baby in a hug. "It's okay that it's not Myc?"
Mycroft hummed to himself; “Sherlock, pull out what we’ll need to change two nappies.” He shooed his baby brother off his lap and headed for the door.
"He didn't say you had to nap." Greg opened Sherlock's soggy nappy and did his usual check for blood.
Mycroft nodded. “For your Nana,” he said, pouring one last cup of water over Sherlock’s head just to make sure it was completely rinsed…if he didn’t, Sherlock’s hair as prone to looking weighed down and greasy instead of freshly washed.
Mycroft rolled his eyes but adjusted the book on his lap. Jawn sighed happily and rested a cheek on Sherlock’s head. “I can see now. Keep reading.”
"You are Sherlock now, but the first time you wore nappies you were everyone's sweet little Billy-boy."
Mycroft gently pulled Sherlock’s thumb out of his mouth and held his hand below the table. “Jawn. Are you almost finished with your ice cream, lad?”
Mycroft turned his attention back to the matter at hand…the sauce-covered matter that looked as if he were starting to gum up already. “What happened to the lettuce, Jawn?”
His phone with the new heat sensor was last. He held it in his hand and rubbed his thumb over the smooth plastic of it, watching his reflection warp and distort in the glass lens. "...I'll let you know how this goes," he said, holding it above his shoulder to show them before putting it in his pocket with all the rest of his things. "Thank you."
Greg gathered all the wrappers and trash from the plaster and got up to throw them away while Mycroft tucked his baby brother in by his side. "There," he said, making sure the blankets were nice and snug. "What did Gregory say we should watch?"
"Both of you are going to bed in the crib without any cupcakes, if you don't behave!" Mycroft stood and closed up Sherlock's leftovers.
“N-nn-no, n-no,” Jawn cried meekly as Sherlock fetched the hastily discarded garment from the floor, and handed it over. “N-no, no t-touch!”
"Fair enough," Greg put another bite of cereal into Sherlock's mouth before stealing a bite for himself. "It's bloody genius to mix'em like that."
"Oh, yes...yes of course, that must be it." Mycroft turned to click the lamp on his side of the bed off, leaving just Greg's to illuminate the room. "Remember that when you're trying to go to the toilet tomorrow, and he's clinging to your ankles."
Mycroft shut the drawer with a huff and stood up with his hands on his hips, looking around the kitchen as if the pack of candles would magically appear. "This, is ridiculous. I know I bought them."
"I'd like that. Perks of being a kept man. Gallery openings and what not." A tug on his hair made him chuckle.
it could be, dawned on him. There had been quite a considerable amount of thought into this present, and it showed.
Sadie: Mycroft would be relieved…as narrow as Jawn’s little bum is, and as tiny as Sherlock could origami in his elbows and knees, he still had to hold onto both of them so they wouldn’t tumble right out of the chair they were crowded in. Hard to do that and turn the pages…let alone keep both boys from snipping at each other over who’s turn it was to turn said page.
The little doctor’s thighs were already covered in handprints and burning terribly, and the spanking hadn’t even begun yet. He craned his neck to peer over his shoulder, sniffling pitifully now that all his protection and bluster were gone. “My’coff? I’m sorry, I’m really, really,
“I go starts water?” Sherlock asked, and was off like a shot before Mycroft could finish telling him ‘Yes, you may.’ “But no bubbles! Don’t add a thing until I get there!” he added quickly, resulting in a loud “AW!” in protest.
"In fact, my treat for you is terribly dull in comparison." John relaxed his hold and continued to drop an occasional kiss on the boys face. "Would you like it anyways? Or shall I return it to the shop in shame?"
“Uh-huh!” Sherlock sat up and dug into the pile of crayons again, swishing his hand around to make them rattle and clack against one another.
Sherlock pressed answer and put the phone to his ear, barely registering Mycrofts' quiet gasp, or Gregs' "No, wait--!"
“My'coff have nice tee'fs?” Sherlock half crawled back into his big brother’s lap, his bottom half still on the floor.
"You don't have to be sleepy," Mycroft said. He felt that he was getting rather good at deciphering all of the boys' baby-babble. "But what about Sherlock? He hates sleeping by himself."
“Oh! John! Have to go. Mycrofts' made us cake for breakfast, because of course he has, because he’s Mycroft and cake and have a good morning!" Sherlock knew that his voice was far to fast and far to high to come across as anything vaguely in the neighborhood of 'alright', but he didn't care now.  "Cheery-bye!” He swiped to end the call as quickly as possible. Though he could feel tears pressing at his throat, none came--he was empty.
"No, no...he's not gone, love," Greg said quickly, much for his own sake as it was for Sherlock's. "He's just...not answering? JAWN HAMISH! THIS GAME IS OVER!"
Mycroft chuckled…the pair was certainly a handful, but they were an adorable handful. “…It’s an awfully cute padded bum, though, you have to admit.”
"Beautiful. Hold it over the bowl, sweetheart," Greg reminded him as he crowded a number of pillows behind Sherlock's back, then gathered all the remotes together and turned the TV on.
“ ‘gain, My’coff? ‘gain?” Sherlock reached out to tug his brother’s sleeve, which the man artfully dodged. “Hands to yourself when they’re covered in anything questionable.” At this rate, they were all going to need a bath. Speaking of…”Jawn, are you done- Oh
Mycroft quickly bent down and picked up the duck before grabby little fingers could reach it, then picked up the other. He held them both up, and waited until he had two sets of widened eyes focused on him intently. “We’re going to have a little contest,” he said. “You’re each going to take turns with your ducks, and whomever lands theirs in the sink first, wins.”
He decided not to let Gregory know about the majority of the list...only the pressing items, like the broken ribs.
“Oh.” Jawn stared ahead, puzzling it all out for himself. “But Sherlock’s big enough, inn’it he?” he asked, looking back up at Mycroft and wrinkling his nose.
"Yes, of course," he said, which they both knew wasn't quite true. "It's just time for his medicine and a change, and you need to get ready to go to work."
Mycroft huffed a sigh. “You are picking that up the second your bath is over, Jawn.” It wasn’t worth the argument.
, Your Majesty!” he shouted mockingly at Mycroft’s back while Jawn stuck his tongue out and giggled as if it were the best joke in the world…then, he stopped.
John glared between them, but when neither of them offered an explanation, changed tactics. “What do we feed it?”
"Y'ah!" Sherlock scrambled back onto the bed, pushed past Greg, and lifted his pillow to find...nothing. "Awww."
“Jawn nekkie now," Sherlock snarked at the bath water, ignoring the little doctor’s indignant squawk. Mycroft helped Sherlock up off the floor and began to undress him.
“Finish washing your hands, please,” Mycroft said, then bent down to help a reluctant Sherlock to his feet; “…then pick a prize and join us.”
Jawn’s eyes widened, as if Mycroft had just bestowed the answer to life, love, and the universe unto him. “Ohhh….tha’ssa good reason,” he said, awed.
“Yes, the milk has likely soured while we napped. Be a good lad and put them in the sink.” Mycroft started towards the cabinets, with every intention of filling two more cups, when he stopped. "Wait...you said you drank yours?"
"And Sherlock needs to finish his before it gets cold and icky, yes he does," Greg said, giving Sherlock another bite.
“I know I did, and I’m sorry.” Mycroft quickly scooped the tiny doctor up. “I’m very tired. Are you very tired?”
“Good boy.” He dipped the nearby cup into the water and poured the warm water down the back his head, his hand very careful to not let any drops flow forward into Sherlock’s face. His curls were thick and it took three of four cups of water to wet them thoroughly. The water flattened those natural dark curls and they laid down on the back of his neck. John always reveled in how long Sherlock’s hair was without the tightness of his curls. He could not help but run his fingers through it as he massaged in Sherlock’s very specific shampoo.
Molly was standing next to Mycroft, chewing her fingers. In the midst of the fun, she'd forgotten why they all had the morning off.
“Yes, alright.” Mycroft scooped a bite into his baby brother mouth before getting up to refill Jawn’s plate, holding it in front of himself with only two fingers. "Jawn ate his salad as well?”
Sherlock closed the lid to his treasures, and pushed the box back under the bed. "G'eg as'sed me to, um, to ge'd, um, s-sssiiii'zors for 'im," Sherlock said, his brows furrowing in concentration as he sounded out the word.
The timer on the microwave beeped, and Greg turned his back to the baby and smirked. A cute little mite like that was awfully hard to say 'no' to. "Let's see if your friends finish all of their dinner first," he said, and checked the temperature of the food with his finger.
"Best part about bein' a cop." Greg went limp inside his cocoon of blankets and rubbed his face. "Tha' wasn't very nice."
Sherlock fought to keep his eyes open, but he barely made it twenty minutes into the film. His mouth continued to work as if he still had a dummy.
Mycroft handed him three separate remotes. "Find something decent to watch," he said, then patted Greg's knee before leaving the room in search of a dry nappy.
“That’s a bit unnecessary, lad.” Mycroft took his little brother’s wrist and held it still after noticing the annoyed look Jawn shot them. Seems that someone was still a mite touchy about missing a green crayon. “So, how do they calm the Hulk down after a fight? Does he stay green forever?” he asked, picking out a brown crayon for himself, then a red one.
“Jawn is far too little to change your nappy, Sherlock. Please don’t be tedious...this needn’t be anymore unpleasant than it already is.”
"I c'n ha'b a dress, an' a hat, an' a diamonds, an' g'yoves?" Molly ticked off her dream list on her fingers.
Sherlock looked up at him as if he were weighing his options...then wrinkled his nose and shook his head up at his uncle while chewing on his popsicle stick and giggling.
“Awww, Jawn,” Mycroft sighed, using a hand towel to quickly wipe Jawn’s mouth and the front of his sleeper; “I’m not going to spank you, lad.”
He scooted over as Grammy got out of Daddy’s chair. He watched her collect his things from the kitchen, a bit dejected.
"Yes, like a little hermit crab who stays in his shell." Mycroft walked over to the changing table and searched for the tube of nappy cream.
Jawn’s mouth opened in an ‘O’ of surprise and Mycroft raised an eyebrow, but stayed the part of the silent observer…at least for now. “No I don’t!”
"Awwww, muffin...what'sa matter, sweetheart?" Greg came over and looped an arm beneath Sherlock's knees and lifted.
Sherlock shuffled over to the wardrobe while Greg and his brother were sniping at each other, and dejectedly looked through the drawers full of clothes. He felt bad. He felt bad that Jawn was hurt, of course, but now Jawn was feeling better and Mycroft and Greg were doing everything for him, and Sherlock felt bad that he wasn't helping more, and he felt bad for feeling bad about Jawn getting the attention from them both, 'specially since he needed it. Sherlock grabbed the first green onesie he saw as well as whatever one was underneath it, and clutched them in his fist while he sucked his thumb and waited.
"'We didn't mean any harm," Billy said, Baxter nodding along. 'Is there anyway we can make it up to you?'
Sherlock stared at Mycroft blankly for good, solid minute until he was able to gather his wits. “Sod off, Myc,” he muttered as he scrubbed his brow.
One of the kitchen chairs scrapped against the floor, startling the hell out of Greg. He leaned against the doorway holding his chest.
“Shhhh.” Mycroft slid it between Jawn’s parted legs. “I know it hurts, but you’re not going around naked, little boy…I won’t be cleaning up any mystery puddles.”
Sherlock wiggled happily. "Noooooo," he said, and then started to pay attention to the movie again. "I y'ike san'," he said along with little Dory. "San' is sk'eeshy."
Sherlock leaned in close and hooked his finger in the man’s bottom lip, examining them with a comically professional gaze. “…They’s yellow,” he said, finally.
"B'ue drop," Sherlock put a blue drop in the cup and handed the smudged, dye-covered bottle back to Mycroft, who handled it gingerly. "Red and b'ue makes la'bender?"
"Do you want the yellow glove and the white glove that Molly picked out, or do you want both yellow gloves?"
“You don’t want another splinter in your foot, do you?” Greg asked opening and closing every cabinet in the small room and checking every corner. Jawn loved tools. It had taken a lot keep him from digging them out to ‘hel’b’ around the house.
So quiet, that Mycroft thought he had finally drifted off, and he stilled his hand. But no sooner than he tried to ease his way off the cot; “…My’coff?”
Talking to Sherlock when he was sleeping had been Mycroft's favorite pastime when Sherlock had been small, second only to talking to him when he was awake. "And then, we're going to find some story books about self esteem and good touch/bad touch, as well."
"Y'ah, fin'er," Sherlock nodded, but he took another look around the yard while worrying his bottom lip with his teeth.
Mycroft was feeling pleased with himself, until a certain you-know-who had to chime in with a derisive snort; “You can take dummies out, Jawn.”
For what may have been the very first time in his life...Mycroft Holmes drew a blank. "We, are going to..." he said slowly, pausing to think as he ran two flannels under the tap. "Do crafts. Lots and lots of crafts."
“Perhaps you should have eaten what you were given instead of turning yourself into a walking tomato.” Though, Mycroft noted, there wasn’t a piece of pasta in sight.
"Don't be so sure," Greg said dryly. He poured a cap-full of scented solution and carefully handed it to Sherlock. "Pour it under the tap, muffin. Right, just like that."
"Y'ots o'b faeries can y'ive in'a castle. Y'ots of space." Sherlock finished the extra blueberries G'eg had put in his bowl. "I was star'bing."
"Yes, we're still going to make frosting together, muffin." Greg put a hand on the baby's chest and made him lean back. "You're not getting left out, I swear."
"Here, we'll figure it out." Greg moved behind Sherlock and lifted him up onto the bed, then climbed on after him. "You take your cup," he said, and handed Sherlock the sippy-cup of milk he'd brought up; "and let ole' Greg take a look."
Still incredulous, Greg eased an arm under Sherlock's knees, then stood as Mycroft passed his little brother off to him fully.
Telly time and takeaway went over with only minor problems. They hadn't sent along enough malt vinegar and Sherlock was seconds away from a strop when John found some in the cupboard. Once Sherlock had eaten, with John only having to coax him once, they moved to the unpleasant task of tidying up the kitchen.
Mycroft carefully slid off his chair and sat next to Sherlock on the floor. The little detective’s lip trembled. Mycroft held his arm out and waited for his brother to decide what he wanted to do…before he could blink, Sherlock slid over and tucked himself at his side.
"I don't know where the damned candles are," Greg laughed, putting two gifts on the table; "And I don't appreciate being shouted at about 'em."
The doctor doesn’t need to be told twice. He pushes forward until the tip of his cock touches the back of Sherlock’s throat. The detective moans with delight, and the sensation sends chills up John’s spine. When John pulls back out, Sherlock barely gives him time to adjust before he pushes himself onto John again, taking the whole cock for a third time. John nearly loses his balance. This was how he wants it then. Rough, hard, and fast. His grip tightening, he uses the leverage to shove himself deeper. Sherlock gags a little at the force, but adjusts quickly, and John repeats.
Sherlock, who was now on his knees next to the tub and swirling the soggy lettuce leaves in the water, giggled. “Jawn na-key!” he sang.
Jawn looked up, surprised, and saw Sherlock watching him from across the table with those big, bright eyes of his, orange crayon still poised above his picture. He glanced at Mycroft out of the corner of his eye and quickly shook his head; “No, not now.”
“What? No Daddy. I need to be able to...” John could feel the younger man in his lap about to strop, pulling away from his embrace so that he could stomp around the room.
"I'll take care of it." Mycroft handed the little tub of sauce to Greg, not missing the grateful look on his tired face. "Keep that safe."
Mycroft turned away from the stove and gave Molly a pleasant smile. "Aren't you glad you joined us?"
Sherlock groans but holds his position. "Come on then," John delivers a sharp smack to his arse. "Get on with it. Give it to Daddy proper."
The heavy weight of the silence, as well as the weight of the two other men's gazes on his back, soon started to get to him. He opened his mouth to speak, but it snapped back shut when he felt the beginnings of tears sting the corners of his eyes.
Greg started to laugh, and stepped back to the door. "You have a one-track mind, and I love it," he said, giving Sherlock a kiss on the cheek before turning him towards the bed and patting the back of his nappy. "Go open the case like I asked, sweetheart, please?"
"I tried to keep them apart from the first day. The heart wants what it wants. Even if it's ill advised and dangerous."
Molly placed her hands around Sherlock's hips, just above the waist of his nappy, and used her fingers to feel around his kidneys. "Does that hurt, Sherlock?"
“Perhaps you can carry it on the way home.” Mycroft wrapped the dummy in a handkerchief and put it in his pocket.
While the two boys had seemingly called a truce (for now) and were babbling peacefully at each other, Mycroft sought out a flannel cloth, bodywash, shampoo, and…for Sherlock, at least…conditioner, as well as a cup.
A cuddle would be strong motivation. And Mycroft is be an excellent story teller. Sherlock brought him Jawn’s favorite book to read. The tiny doctor would creep closer and closer until he was practically in Mycroft’s lap anyways. By the time we learn why Grey crayon is so grumpy Jawn is fully in his lap and helping to turn the page.
“I know you won’t, because we’re putting your nappy on. See, all finished.” Mycroft stretched the last tape in place, and pressed it down firmly to secure it. “All done,” he said, lightly patting Jawn’s thigh. “Now let me up…I need to figure out something to feed you two.”
Greg was opening and closing drawers and opening boxes. "Can you get the back off the battery casings?"
Greg giggled and nibbled on Mycroft's ear lobe; "If you like to linger where it's shady, ukulele lady linger too. If you kiss a ukulele lady, while you promise ever to be true..."
"Yes, really. Now shhh..." Greg brought up the covers around him and Sherlock both and cuddled him close. "Now, go back to sleep."
Jawn was across the room in an instant and clambering up on top of the bed, plopping himself right next to where Sherlock lay. The little detective watched him quietly, his thumb now tucked firmly in his mouth (apparently the suds weren’t an issue).
Beside them, Sherlock snuffled and pulled the blankets up around his neck, and Jawn turned to look. "Sher'yock?"
"Absolutely, small fry." Greg got up and refilled the baby's plate, taking the time to cut his chicken to pieces.
"No, no, I don' wan'nid!" Sherlock started to cry as he lay there...he wasn't actively fighting a change, but he wasn't helping, either.
"John." Mycroft turned to the army doctor who was gently talking to Sherlock as he tried to keep him calm. Deep blue eyes looked up at him for a second before returning to Sherlock. However, Mycroft got his answer, John trusted Doctor Ansari and so because of that his main priority now was Sherlock’s state of mind, not his body, that responsibility now fell to the hospital staff that had thus far kept Sherlock alive.
"True." Sherlock smiled back then picked up his phone with his free hand to look into ordering food. "They have a pizza place, Chinese and and Indian."
"I cannot believe you let them do this John!" Sherlock said his voice causing the others in the room with John to stop what they were doing and look up.
“Sherlock?” He asked turning to look down at the man but his eyes caught the computer screen as it showed people getting on and off the train, one man in particular caught his attention.
"Here, put this on." John handed him his blue robe which he took and put on, all the while staring at John.
More images are shown as men are pulled from the water, either helped into the life boats or pulled up by helicopters.
Leaning forward John ran his already gloved fingers over the girls neck, her face, lifting her hair from her face, inspecting the hairline before moving to the girls wrists turning them to inspect for any punctuation marks then pushed up a sleeve to check the crock of her elbow running his thumb over the cold skin, then frowning.
Just a thank you for every kudo, bookmark, subscribe and comment they all mean so, so much to me they really do keep me inspired :D
"No." John shook his head. "I've been running this rig for the last four months, I know her better than anyone!"
The man was stood against a wall arms crossed, his eyes when they fell on John were void of emotion and darker than the black pits of hell.
“Let’s get something straight right here right now. You people are under my authority-“ Coffey started.
"Bloody hell John!" she hissed glaring at him. He smiled walking up to her and pulling her into his arms
"I have you Sherlock." John whispered as his hands run up Sherlock’s sides to his shoulders then down his arms where he took hold of Sherlock’s wrists.
The idiot that had spoken suddenly appeared and John wasted no time in closing the distance between them and breaking first the man's wrist, causing him to drop the gun, then breaking his arm then his nose. As the man fell screaming in pain, John crouched down to pick up the gun, a move that saved his life as a bullet went flying over his head.
"No Lestrade...no! I wont be able to come...why? Because I'm not in London...I dont know...John...for as long as it takes...send me what you can and I'll see what I can do, but I wont be able to help any other way...you are ment to be working with some of the finest is Scotland Yard Lestrade, use them. Fine...fine...fi-" Sherlock stopped all moment and talking as he spotted John and slowly he smiled.
"I really wanted to die, I couldn't do it anymore, couldn't pretend, couldn't deal with it. I missed you so much and I knew that no matter what I tried I would never feel happy, feel whole again and I just couldn't go on." John suddenly laughed. "It sound's so pathetic, wanting to end my life because I couldn't exist without you. But there it is."
"Oh yes, the most fun I've had in years. And you, you could fetch me a rather pretty penny if you just give yourself up."
“What happened? I don’t remember.” Sherlock growled slight then winced as his hand fisted the covers over his wound.
It had been a week since John had fallen asleep next Sherlock for the first time, and doctor Ansari had told them just that morning that he wishes for Sherlock to start moving around. So for today, Sherlock was taking a small walk to the chair right next to his bed.
"It's okay." John said slowly lifting a hand and wrapping his fingers gently around Sherlock’s wrists.
“Holy…damn.” She muttered hitting record as they attached something to what was clearly a war head, a warhead that seemed to getting an upgrade of some sort.
John grinned and nudged Sherlock’s back: the younger boy laughed, a real, fresh laugh that echoed off the lake, and shook his head. ‘You really don't want to end up in this lake at night, John, we have no idea what’s in here.’
‘Take out your passport, dear,’ his mother said quietly from behind him. She looked guilty, and Sherlock’s heart hardened. She
Mrs Hudson was sitting in the kitchen, chatting with the cooks as she baked what looked like cookies. She smiled when she saw Sherlock, giving him a quick hug before saying, ‘look at you, so dapper! Congratulations, Sherlock.’
John nodded politely and Dick wandered off to join his family. John leant against a post, looking around at all of the tourists and tried not to look at Sherlock and Jim (badly).
Mycroft was edging towards the door but the crowd were still taking pictures and Sherlock made no effort to move, still waving and smiling in a way that John had never seen him smile before. He was different, somehow, different to how he’d been when he’d woken up, like all the bits that John loved were still there along with a new, carefree side to his personality.
Sherlock padded after John, wondering why out of everyone he had ever met that boy, that average, rugby-playing, common boy, had been the only one to see through him so successfully. John had become his friend despite Sherlock’s wall; John had breached his mental defences, the first person to accomplish that since his…his mother.
his tiny legs) and shocked. Him and Irene were friends, certainly, but they were by no means the closest in their group of six. Not only this but Irene
Christopher did, however, prefer Biology to Chemistry and wanted to be a doctor. This made John unexplainably proud.
‘Mycroft. You’re abroad constantly, you work ridiculous hours and you’re twenty-two years old. There is no
Mycroft sat down on John’s other side, closely followed by another boy with light brown hair and laughing brown eyes wearing tennis kit. ‘I wanted to check you weren't traumatising our newest recruit,’ he replied snidely. ‘Is he behaving, John?’
Instead of leaving, though, Sherlock laughed. Again. A deep, throaty, real life that made John smile despite himself. ‘You’re good,’ Sherlock said decidedly. ‘I like you.’
‘Are you saying you want me to call you Sher?’ Mycroft grinned as they began down the Gold Staircase. ‘Or Sherly- that really shouts nickname.’
They lapsed back into silence and Sherlock wanted nothing more than to put his arm around the person he loved most in the world, the person he hadn’t seen for over a year but had longed for constantly, the person who had always made him laugh when he was sad, the person who had always been there for him, who he hadn't seen for so, so, so long but who was here, now, and it was surreal, so surreal, and
Sherlock clearly didn't understand and John couldn't explain it. Maybe it was because he was almost a year younger (Sherlock had celebrated his thirteenth birthday a few weeks before, while John was almost fourteen) or maybe it was because he just wasn't as mature as John, who now sported soft, downey hair on his upper lip and had a voice that cracked and broke.
‘Don’t be smart.’ She shoots him a devastatingly beautiful smile, before turning away. ‘That’s what I do. Now, I am going to put Felix to bed, and you are going to finish hanging this dratted photograph.’
‘I have interests that lie outside preventing the destruction of our country and our empire,’ Mycroft said, glaring at Sherlock, ‘unlike a certain brother of mine.’
No. John Watson loved Sherlock Holmes in the way that one loves a soulmate, the way that one loves the person who has become your life, your world, your future, the way that one loves the person who means more to them than anything, the person who is there for you no matter what, that one person who you know, deep in your heart, can never be replaced.
‘If you marry Edward,’ John said cheekily, ‘we could be up there. Go on, Harry, take one for the team.’
‘I never lied.’ Sherlock shouted back, the emotions from seeing James again and the fact that John looked so, so angry causing him to be reckless, and Sherlock knew that he would regret it because right then he didn't care, because everything had been ruined and at the moment did he really have anything to lose? ‘I avoided the truth-‘
Lila was still pushing, and Ella shook her head at him as he stopped on her right hand side. ‘Almost missed it, John-‘
‘He never cheated on my mother,’ Sherlock clarified. ‘He hasn’t cheated on Tessa, as far as I know. But he’s a player, John. Can’t get enough of the girls.’
John looked at his partner in surprise; Sherlock and Harry had never gotten on. Harry looked similarly taken aback, though she managed a quick smile at Sherlock. ‘Thanks,’ she said softly.
‘Where is John?’ Lestrade said, and Sherlock was grateful that he had dropped the whole Anderson issue. ‘He said something about revision. If you are indeed correct, and our exams start in three days, I assume he is revising for those. I invited him here but…’ Sherlock trailed off and rubbed his gloved hand over the foot. ‘Hmm.’
Quentin Hunter shrugged, green eyes glinting mischievously. ‘In the barracks? I dunno. I think I was using it to kill some rats earlier, if you cook them over a fire they taste a hell of a lot better than anything your fucking kitchen serves us-’
They were next to each other in Talia’s cot, tonight; the twins slept a lot better when they were together, they had found out. For infants they were extremely screamy, Sherlock thought as he poked Xander’s foot as he crouched next to the cot. Lestrade had been walking around in a zombie-like state since their birth six months ago, and even Mycroft had taken to falling asleep in the middle of meetings. Neither men were thirty yet but acting positively senile.
John shuddered and tried to think of something unsexy, like giant teddy bears and horse shit on his shoe. It worked a treat, though Mycroft was glaring again. John often felt like casually reminding Mycroft that Sherlock was both twenty-five years old and extremely powerful, with a hell of a lot more resources than his older brother. This was one of those times.
it) and Sherlock was trying desperately to undo the button on John’s shorts, his hand slipping drunkenly against the silver metal-
‘Go out-‘ Sherlock began automatically before stopping, knowing it would piss off John. It was too late, though; John curled his lip. ‘I know. I’ll sneak out the back door and into the grounds, like a teenager, because I’m not even meant to be allowed here.’ He strode to the door and slammed the door.
Sherlock shot back, before fixing a more genuine smile on his niece and nephew. ‘Alexander William. Isabelle Sherlock. How are we finding the reception?’
‘Really?’ Sherlock whispered, sounding so like the little boy John could see in his head, the little boy with springy curls and blood on his shoes.
‘WHY DID EVERYONE THINK I HAD A THING FOR JIM?’ Sherlock cried. ‘We were best friends! Nothing more!’
‘Isaac should go alone,’ Becca argued. ‘You’re a medic, you might need protecting.’ John rolled his eyes at the jibe but nodded. ‘Fine. I’ll go with Becca on the South; Isaac, you ok with East?’
Irene rolled her eyes. ‘Yeah, right. If I hadn't come back you’d be ravishing him on the roof right now.’ She frowned, examining her nails. ‘Good thing you didn’t, though, the poor baby’s barely fifteen.’
‘It must be something big.’ John mused, trying hard not to think about Sherlock. He would be upset about having a formal address; he hated being ogled as he stood on that balcony.
brother,' Archie smirked, and Sherlock laughed as Mycroft's lip curled. 'Of course he can come out!' Sherlock said. 'Trisha, too.'
‘More upset,’ Mrs Hudson sniffed. ‘Refused to let me into your quarters. You boys will be the death of me.’
‘I love you,’ Sherlock said, craning his head upwards, hoping that John would get the message and kiss him back. John laughed, leaning down again and kissing Sherlock, the familiar soft lips fitting perfectly with his, and whispered, ‘I love you, too.’
‘Fine?’ Sherlock laughed slightly and even though it was snotty and weak it made John smile. ‘Not how I would describe our situation.’
Harry apologised; John smiled at her and said he was being a wimp, because he was. John had moved on; why shouldn’t Sherlock?
Morag, who Sherlock had fired almost immediately after he was crowned. Morag, who Sherlock had banned from setting foot in the castle. Morag, who had given Sherlock that horrible nanny. Morag, who had brought Jim Moriarty into Sherlock’s rooms as John waited for him and smiled, saying in a sugary voice, ‘hello, John. This is Sherlock’s friend Jim. Keep him company for a bit, hmm?’
The knot that John hadn't even realised was in his chest snapped, and he breathed for the first time since his car had pulled away from Balmoral as Sherlock watched from the doorstep. 'Sherlock,' he breathed, and it felt like he hadn't even said his name, as if this was the first time he was properly allowing himself to think about the man he loved more than anyone in the world, and he had to say it again, covering himself with that feeling, that feeling of
Sherlock didn’t say anything. Morag continued, oblivious. ‘I did it all for love, Sherlock. I wanted your mother out of the way, I wanted you screwed up and out of the way. I wanted William to myself; I always have done.’
Irene teased, but when Molly plucked up the courage to ask her to be her girlfriend a few days after it stopped abruptly. John was happy for Irene and Molly, really happy, because as different as they were they seemed to belong together. Molly toned Irene down, Irene brought out Molly’s funner side, and they made each other happy. In those three weeks that John saw Molly and Irene together, John saw both of them smile more than he’d ever seen either of them smile before.
Mycroft had been anxious: Sherlock hadn’t been in the least bit worried; in his opinion, most of his staff were spying on him, and it was extremely probable that Sebastian’s boyfriend was simply a royalist who was obsessed with Sherlock.
‘Alright.’ John shrugged on his coat and crossed the doorstep, standing just outside the shop. ‘Sherlock-‘
Their villa (except it wasn't really a villa, it was like a shitty hotel room without a hotel around it) had three bedrooms and two bathrooms. The master bedroom seemed to serve as a living room as well, though there were only one tiny sofa, and the second bedroom had a desk in it. John had to admit it was nicer inside than it had been outside (
King William, Trisha, Mycroft and Morag were the people John recognised first. Then he realised that there were several other members of the royal family there as well, as well as some of the cabinet members and some important looking men dressed entirely in black.
There was still silence. Sherlock glanced at Mycroft, who shrugged helplessly; Sherlock had reached the end of the speech Mycroft had prepared for him. John clutched Sherlock’s hand, wondering what his fiancé was going to do.
‘Don’t call my brother fat.’ Sherlock said sharply. Morag raised an eyebrow. ‘You have a soft spot for your brother? Touching. That was something else I found out; it wasn’t Violet that wanted Mycroft adopted, it was your father. She came to care for him greatly, of course, but that wasn’t the point. She hadn’t wanted him in the first place and that was all I needed.’
Irene looks at him, her eyes wide and intelligent. That was what appealed her to him in the first place: her abnormal intelligence, one that rivalled his own, even. He’d considered himself purely attracted to men, and hadn’t touched a soul since James Moriarty murdered Victor Trevor in the late 18
The song was something Sherlock didn't know but it was obviously a slow song because River pulled Eleven closer to her and hooked her arms around his neck and the breakdancers moved off the floor respectfully. As John reached up and connected his hands behind Sherlock’s neck, Sherlock caught the eye of Mrs Hudson, his Physics teacher, who winked and turned off the lights-
. Sherrinford’s the same: he was so fun when I was a kid. He’d take me out on the lake, he’d walk me around the resort, he’d even start food fights with me…and then he met Ellie, and he didn't want to do any of that anymore.’ Sherrinford was the eldest Holmes brother: he wasn't quite as intelligent as the other two, though still smart, and at least ten years older than Mycroft. John had met him once and not liked him, though he would never say that to Sherlock. For someone who claimed to hate Mycroft as much as he did, he was incredibly loyal to his family.
He didn’t mean it like that, Sherlock knew. He was just trying to make Sherlock feel better. Obviously.
Harry moved closer to John and put her arm around his shoulders. ‘We’ll always stick together, right, Johnny?’ She said. The smell of alcohol was overpowering but John managed to nod, kissing his sister on the cheek. ‘Course, Harry.’
‘Sherlock’s mum didn’t have a nanny,’ John said absent-mindedly. He didn’t like thinking about what Sherlock had told him that night in Afghanistan; the thought of a lonely, abused little boy with no one to help him made John’s fists clench.
Sherlock nodded determinedly. ‘You’re right, Rosie. I need to man-up.’ When Rosie looked offended, he hastily added, ‘I meant- human up. I’ll do it today. I promise.’
As if on cue he feels a little hand touch his shoulder and turns. Nathaniel is on his left, head cocked as he stares at the gravestone, and Lizzie is on his right, arms folded behind her back, and even though he feels as sad as he ever thought he could feel, John doesn't feel alone. He has his children, and they matter to him more than anything.
And at exactly the same time the voice in John’s head, and Sherlock, murmured, ‘My sentiments exactly.’
There was absolute silence. The height was making John dizzy and the projection of his own face on about half of the screens around the courtyard made him feel slightly self-conscious.
‘So how are you?’ Mike asked easily. Sherlock shrugged. ‘A bit overwhelmed. I don’t think any of us were expecting a welcome home party.’ They’d literally pulled into the house from the airport when the massive group of people had appeared, swarming over to the three of them. Siger said it was because he was so well-loved: Sherlock and his mother agreed it was due to Sherlock’s new-found fame.
‘No,’ Sherlock agrees, and John pulls slightly back from him. Before he can help himself he’s raised his right hand, wiping a tear as it falls from John’s left eye. ‘But it is what it is.’
Sherlock shrugged. ‘Dad paid for them until they turned eighteen, and their mothers were sworn to secrecy. I’ve only ever met Daniel, Lucas and Dean; I email Dean, sometimes. He’s only a year older than me, a good kid.’
John crouches next to the cots (even at seventy-four he’s as fit as ever) and gently traces the cheek of the bigger one with his finger: the baby gurgles, snuffling quietly as he slumbers. ‘Welcome to the world,’ John whispers, and Nathaniel lays a comforting hand on his shoulder. ‘We’ve chosen names.’
They’d had another fight the night before, one of their screaming rows where all the servants lock themselves in their chambers and stay as quiet as mice. James had an unfortunate tendency to lash out when he was in that mood (not at Sherlock: never at Sherlock), and many a maid and manservant had ended up with broken limbs, bruised arms, crushed bones.
John reached out an arm and hugged his daughter fiercely to him. ‘Rosie, darling, we’ve got someone we want you to meet.’
For some reason Sherlock had dragged him down there to pick up some files from Mycroft, his snivelling older brother who had somehow risen to the rank of youngest MP ever. John didn’t like Mycroft, he was annoying and over-bearing and had offered John insane amounts of money to spy on his little brother.
‘I,’ she had said, her voice incredibly posh and incredibly sexy, ‘am Lady Irene Penelope Adler of Belgravia. I'm here because I'm reformed, and I'm going to teach you to be a good little royal.’ From the glint in her eye, Sherlock could tell straightaway that there was no way she was reformed, that it was just a huge front, that she was exactly the same as she had always been and having her in the palace would be
Sherlock glanced backwards. Compared to the intense crowd in the waiting room, the balcony was deserted; only Sherlock, his father, his stepmother, the announcer (
Sherlock licks his lips. ‘I need you to listen, because I have never told anyone this whole story. To know me you- you must know this, and when you know it, you must decide if you can be with me.’
Silence fell again, but it wasn't awkward this time. They were enjoying each others company, enjoying being with each other until they were inevitably parted for another year. John wondered if they would still be friends, still have this connection, after another year apart.
He kicks the table, rips off the cabinet doors, throws the china at the walls and trashes the sitting room. He runs through the apartment, screaming out the names of his children but they’re
John nodded and focused on the television. He could have a meltdown about Sherlock later: now, he needed to watch, though he didn't know why anymore. What was the point? The King was dead, Sherlock was King and John was alone forever.
Who would have known, John thought giddily, that one day they would be kissing on the very same balcony after proclaiming their love to half the world.
‘Jaaaawn.’ Sherlock scrunched up his nose, staring blearily down his nose at John, who was sprawled in the chair opposite him. ‘I think…I think you spiked my drink.’
Before Sherlock could ask his daughter what ailed her, Christopher said glumly, ‘Christopher Mycroft John. Not much choice, is there? Can I add another name? What about Michael?’
Sherlock, who was typing on a new Macbook laptop, grunted. Irene whacked the laptop closed, and Sherlock looked up, staring at her in annoyance. ‘God, Irene, what?’
Sherlock’s jaw shifted, but he nodded at his brother. ‘Thank you, Mycroft.’ And then, with a small bow at his niece and nephew, he was gone.
‘Two.’ Mycroft said absentmindedly, and Sherlock scowled. ‘Mycroft. Focus on me. Or, better yet, tell your little boyfriend that if security isn’t flawless I will personally sack him.’ Sherlock may have liked Lestrade, who had been supplying him with cases for years, but he strongly disliked his relationship with Mycroft: it made his brother less interesting and more sick-making (Mycroft was bad: Mycroft-in-love was torture).
Mycroft skipped washing Sherlock's chest and moved to his legs. "Yes, but only because of the gravy."
John pulls away with a disenchanting squelch, tucking himself away. He’s moving around the room with purpose, putting his clothes to right. It doesn’t make sense to Sherlock, but he hasn’t been given permission to speak so he keeps his head down and waits.
Greg followed Mycroft out of the nursery on quiet heels, and left the door open a crack. "What did you mean when you said 'plan the rest of our evening'?" he asked, trotting down the stairs after him.
"Never mind Gregory; he was dropped on his head as a child." Mycroft examined Sherlock's pink shoulders. "And several times as an adult, as well."
Mycroft tossed the gloves in the bin. “Of course I wouldn’t, but it’s a highly amusing thought, isn’t it? You’re almost as high strung as Sherlock.”
Mycroft turned his cup in his hand, watching the steam curl up from it; "Typically I would agree, but Sher'yock is not fond of medical professionals."
"That's not for you," he said in response to the pissed-off squawking that followed. "Once again, Uncle Gregory was wrong in his assessment."
"Christ," Mycroft grumbled, looking far more panicked than a nappy change should have him. "Ok, put him down."
"I'm sure Sherlock would be amenable to watching it again tomorrow. He's going to be sore so he can probably be wrangled to watch the whole thing."
“Good, I’m glad you do.” Mycroft herded both boys out of the nursery and down the hall, back into the kitchen. “See this mess?” he asked, gesturing to the trail of wet lettuce that Jawn had left, and the pinkish-tinged puddles of watered down tomato sauce from Sherlock’s ‘washing’ of the dishes (which were also still stacked haphazardly in the sink).”This is all going to be cleaned in the next–” Mycroft checked his watch; “–twenty minutes.”
“Oh, I do wish Myc had been able to join us. I was holding out hope that he might just pop in, unexpectedly.” Mummy sounded quite disappointed.
Mike leaned back on the bench seat, his eyes still wide with shock. "I don't know what to say, mate. I thought you and Mary were perfect for each other. You've always been tight-lipped about your private affairs, but Mary has been reading wedding magazines in the break room! I just assumed that's where you two were heading." Mike was shaking his head, then sipped his coffee in awkward silence.
"John. Yes, of course. I'm fine." Sherlock finished his drink in one long swallow. "I sometimes get lost in my thoughts. I confess, I am feeling quite exhausted. The time change is affecting me more than usual." Sherlock rubbed his hands on his thighs unconsciously.
“You’re supposedly the genius, can’t you figure it out?” John’s face had turned bright red at the laundry comment. “Thanks for throwing me under the bus, Sherlock”. John threw himself back onto the bed.
“Thanks, Mum.” John took the offered mug, enjoying the way it felt to address her as ‘Mum’, it was unexpectedly comforting. “Is that peppermint fudge? That’s my favorite!” John helped himself to a piece of the rich dessert. “Did you make this yourself?” he asked.
Sherlock's eyes chased the thoughts across John Watson's face. He could see the exhaustion in the older man, as well as the attraction. He had, of course, seen attraction directed at himself by both men and women, but this was the first time he felt compelled to act on it. His past sexual partners had been chosen out of a need to understand why sex was such a powerful motivator, and he had been left as uncomprehending after the physical acts as he had been before. It must be this feeling that makes the difference, he thought. This need, this desire to touch John, to know his every thought. To run my hands down his sides and grip his hips, to…
A wide, devious smirk spread across Mycroft's face. "Well, far be it for me to suck the fun out of the room," he said, staring directly at Gregory as he signed out of his mail and handed Sherlock the phone.
“You both made some questionable choices today…such as taking a bite out of my thigh earlier–” Mycroft said dryly, with one of his pats landing a little lower on Jawn’s backside and catching a bit of bare leg; “–but those were few and far between.”
"Sherlock finished his medicine like a good boy, so now we're going up for a change and a nice story."
"What happened?!" Greg called out as he raced out of the kitchen with a tin of biscuits in one hand, his face having gone a bit pale.
"No, but he's not spending another full day in just pajamas. Bring me something soft and stretchy." Mycroft unzipped Sherlock's sleeper, much to the baby's displeasure.
Mycroft listened carefully for sounds of the little doctor, but heard nothing. “I think we’re on our own finding you a different dummy.”
"Mean ole arsehole," Greg mumbled against the top of Sherlock's head. "We have a game plan for tomorrow?"
Mycroft sighed and leaned back in the car. "You're not stuck," he said calmly. "Just push the button on the...yes, that one, very good." Sherlock let the seatbelt zip back with a loud clack of metal against metal and scrambled to get past Mycroft and out of the car.
"U-up G'eg, G'eg G'eg G'eg, up, up p'ease, uppie!" Jawn wiped his hand down his face, smearing tears, sweat, and drool all over.
"Right," John backtracked a little, a grin on his face. "I don't want to hurt your heart... your bum is a different story." He worked his hand under Sherlock to playfully pinch one of his cheeks. To his surprise Sherlock Holmes giggled, and John had never heard a more pleasant or delightful sound.
"Y'ah." Sherlock turned his face this way and that to avoid the cloth, but Greg easily out-maneuvered him. "Dun' y'ike it!" he protested, trying to block Greg with his hand. "S'op, p'ease!??!"
"The flower needs water to drink. At this point there is only food coloring in the cup." To stem the sniffles that were already on their way, Mycroft turned and dumped half the cup into the bushes behind them, then added a bit of water from the nearby hose.
"Didn't I say it was time to close your eyes and be quiet? Because it's time to close your eyes and be quiet." Mycroft turned Sherlock onto his side, facing him, and began to pat him.
'Use chain next time.' Sally put her chin in her hands and looked around. 'There's something moving over there.'
Sherlock, who was still sucking his fingers, craned his neck to see what the grown-ups were doing; "...G'eg? Ice s'ceam?"
Greg bit his lip to keep from laughing, but couldn't stop a few giggles from escaping through his nose. "Tell that fish that biting isn't allowed."
Sherlock nodded; “Jawn’s a chewer!” he said, opening the tin with superheroes on it. “There’s lots and lots of Hulks left, and lots of Captains…I used all the Iron Man’s, though,” he added. Sherlock was just as chatty when he was Little as he was when he was big (if not more so).
Sherlock was sitting on the side of the bed, hunched over and looking half his actual size while he stared at the floor. He looked up when Mycroft entered, his eyes already glassy and full of worry.
He knows that Sherlock is aware of his gaze now. When he catches John staring at him, his hand pauses mid-stroke. For a second, Sherlock doesn’t know what to do and a beautiful color spreads over his cheeks and down throat. Then he begins again in earnest, teasing John further.
"Chew that one all up and swallow it before I give you another," Greg said, rubbing his hand over the duvet to check for stray crumbs.
Sherlock stared at his brother blankly for a moment, sucking the leftover peanut butter off his fingers, then smiled and wrinkled his nose as he got it. "Ohhhh."
But, Greg was not a soldier. And he was not to be deterred. "My beach bunny," he chuckled as he leaned in close and nuzzled Mycroft's ear with his nose.
Meanwhile, Greg had put all of the leftover pizza into one box, and swept the trash into the empty one. He stacked the untouched biscuit on top of the pizza box, then carted the whole thing off to put away in the fridge. He did the same with the plates and silverware, leaving those in the sink for now, and then turned back to Sherlock, who was all but asleep in his seat.
“Yes, I teased him, and then I stopped when I saw him getting upset. There’s a difference between playful teasing and being mean-spirited...you should know. Apologize to Jawn, please.”
Mycroft rolled his eyes. "The cap wasn't secured," he said, patting Sherlock's back. "He went to give it a big shake and the cap flew off."
Jawn blinked up at him, but the angelic affect he was hoping to achieve wasn’t quite as effective when he was coated in rapidly drying tomato paste.
Sherlock nodded emphatically and waited until Mycroft sat down before settling at his brother’s feet. “Uh-huh…bubba’s!” he chattered, bouncing excitedly while he watched the man tear off the perforated plastic wrapping.
"I get the bowl, then," Greg said as Mycroft quickly bent Sherlock over the counter to keep the chocolate dribbling down his chin from dripping onto his pajamas. "Just get me a napkin, Gregory. And a bib."
Mycroft rolled his eyes, then retrieved his phone from the nightstand and began to run through his mail.
"Buuuuu'd, G'eeeeeeg. I neeeeee My'cobb," Sherlock whinged, reluctantly crawling back up the bed to lay next to Greg.
"We'll see about making cookies later tonight, how does that sound?" Mycroft began putting all the toasted sandwiches into a heaping pile on the plate that Greg handed him.
“I did. Are there dummies stashed in here somewhere?” Mycroft gave Sherlock a meaningful glance before pulling open the night stand drawer.
"I want to believe him." Sherlock stared down into his mug, while absentmindedly fiddling with the handle.
Greg grinned from ear to ear as Mycroft began to feed Molly spoonfuls of soup and bits of sandwich. "Looks like Sherlock might have a playmate today, after all."
Mycroft held the ducks aloft, then cleared his throat loudly until they’d shut their squawking mouths. “Since Jawn was the last one to pop his duck, Sherlock goes next.”
Mycroft pulled the big, heavy mixing stand to the edge of the counter. "Sherlock, do you know where the powdered sugar is? Can you bring it to me, please?"
"As do I. Mostly because we don't spend enough time in it," Mycroft groused as he guided Sherlock into their bedroom and onto the bed.
"I know, I know, but I need both hands sweetheart. " Greg bent down until Sherlock's bottom was touching the top of the bed.
"E'brybody else gets 'em stuck on my ears." Sherlock pulled one of the glass plates to himself; "Yum!"
“Oh goodness. I don’t understand what all the fuss is about today, little love.” John huffed, pulling the little detective in tight. "Course punishment is over”
Mycroft rage sniffed as he filled Sherlock's cup with juice, and then retrieved his pain pills. He wondered if Sherlock had been too small to administer them himself.
“There,” he said, securing the last tape in place before reaching for Sherlock's hands and helping him sit up. “Sensitive little thing you are, aren’t you?” He placed a small kiss on his forehead and hugged him to his chest, then looked over Sherlock’s shoulder at Jawn. “Your turn, little wee-monster.”
“S..sss...sorry, M-my..My’coff!” Sherlock stammered in between sniffles, his free hand going back to rub his stinging bottom.
"You fibber," Mycroft groaned as he stood up, the baby half limp with sleep. "I catch you in the big bed even when you're big."
“I’m willing to bribe you, you know,” Mycroft said amicably, slowly reaching out to take Jawn's hand and gently tug him over and onto the bed while he was busy “thinking”.
“Cause it’s mines and you can’t have it,” Sherlock went on, stomping his foot, oblivious to the storm brewing on the little doctor’s face.
“And Jawn’s net, yes,” Mycroft replied as he vigorously rubbed Jawn’s hair dry, along with a chorus of irritable squeaks and squawks coming from underneath the towel. “Good boy.”
"I dunno. Pick something that doesn't need close attention to keep up with." Greg patted Sherlock's thickly-padded backside, catching a whiff of powder every now and then.
Sherlock sighed before pushing himself to his feet. He picked up his cup and marched over and tried to hand it to Mycroft. “A'c c'ean.”
"That's right, muffin," Greg said, leaning in to kiss Sherlock's cheek. "It'll be you an' me and everyone else can get stuff--"
“He was very much like he is now…” Mycroft smiled to himself. “Sweet and endearing and moody beyond words.”
Sherlock, for all his bitching and moaning about sleeplessness, was in fact one of the heaviest sleepers Mycroft had ever seen, and barely stirred while Jawn huffed him back down the hallway and into the nursery, where he struggled until he plopped him into his cot.
"Of course he does," Mycroft muttered, then reached down and petted his little brother's hair. "Sherlock...Sheeeerlooock, it's time to wake up, sweetheart."
Jawn gave him a filthy look and pulled his hands away before Sherlock could use the dish sponge on him.
"I y'ike milk." Sherlock took Mycroft's hand and let himself be led out of the kitchen. "G'eg?!" he called back.
“He has a selective memory," Jawn said, scrubbing at his eyes. “Him being a weepy baby gets deleted just as soon as he gets what he wants.”
Mycroft paused to let Sherlock quack, but the baby was finally asleep, and drooling a bit on Mycroft's shirt.
Sherlock and Jawn cast wary glances at each other, neither making the first move, until Mycroft cleared his throat.
Sherlock huffs as he pulls the duvet up to his chin and rolls onto his side. John leaves the room with a smile. Oh, the things the boy comes up with.
And it worked...for a little while. But as gentle as Greg tried to be, Sherlock was soon bent double in an effort to get away from his touch. "N'moooore, G'eg! S'op, p'ease?!!"
"Lovely." John mumbles as he begins to work himself in and out, all the while nipping along the inside of Sherlock’s thighs.
Jawn leaned away from the table, showing off the part of the picture he’d been working on. The green crayons he’d been holding to his chest had left scribbles on the corner of the paper when he’d been drawing the cherry. “I broke it.”
Sherlock yawned around his dummy, and accepted the soap Mycroft squirted on his hands. He stood motionless in front of the sink while his big brother dried Jawn’s hands with a dish towel.
....but nowhere near as afraid as he was. "I'm...alright," Sherlock said, turning his back on the twin looks of disappointment and anger on Greg and Mycrofts' faces.
“As you wish.” Mycroft used Sherlock’s hand to guide him down the hall and into the nursery, where he helped his little brother lie down before pulling the nappy bin from beneath the bed.
Sherlock glared at the door and huffed through his nose. “Don’t stay up too late,” he said to a sleeping Jawn, mocking his brother’s tone. “It makes you grumpy.” He put his feet up and stretched out on the couch with Jawn still bundled to his chest and soon fell asleep, his forehead still warm.
Sherlock made a pitiful sound halfway between a hum and a whimper and cast a worried glance at Mycroft.
Greg watched as the baby poked around the rest of his food sadly while still sucking on the fingers of his other hand. He sighed as he wrung the flannel out over the sink; "You know, they really are good stuffies."
"And you will." Mycroft sat the bowl on the counter. "Here," he said, placing an egg in Sherlock's upturned hand, and then leaned towards Greg. "Watch this," he muttered. "This is
difficult to hear his little brother cry that way. He lifted Sherlock under both arms, since he seemed incapable of standing up on his own. “But this is what happens to little boys who choose not to listen. If you listen to me...listen to Mycroft...then it will all be over soon and you can have your chippies for lunch.”
"I'm not going to be able to button my trousers tomorrow," Mycroft groaned, taking another big bite of brisket despite feeling just this side of uncomfortably stuffed.
"His other name? What are you...oh my God, I don't know how I forgot that you lot are part of the aristocracy," Greg flopped back onto his pillow. " 'Course ya' got like, seventeen names."
Jawn had his head dipped down, and looked up at Mycroft bashfully; "...Oo'bs," he said, mouth still covered in toothpaste suds.
"Of course. Wouldn't dream of leaving Bumble behind." Greg grabbed up the tea-stained bee and handed it to the baby, which calmed him down considerably once he squeezed it to make it light up and hum.
Sherlock took Jawn’s smaller hand in his own. He was practically vibrating with excitement; when John was the Daddy, there were far too many vegetables and far too few chips. He swung Jawn’s hand wide as they hurried down the steps after Mycroft.
, that Sherlock was totally amiss of the footfalls that had hurried down the stairs and made their way to the kitchen, until the light flicked on, momentarily blinding him.
“You’re much too little to go off by yourself like that, lad. Tell me what you’re after, and we’ll bring it back with us.”
With no immediate response, Mycroft went back to his film, though he didn't enjoy it. He used his phone to rub Greg's shoulder, and surreptitiously cleaned the screen of his phone at the same time. As the credits rolled, his phone vibrated again.
Sherlock, suddenly beyond the capacity for words, burbles unintelligible nonsense.  John chuckles deep in his throat as he moves over him.
“Sherlock and Jawn need plates for little boys. Can you get two little boy plates?” Mycroft asked, glancing at his little brother with an encouraging smile.
Sherlock, who'd reclined next to him with a thumb in his mouth, sat up right and glanced around the room. "Bug?"
“I did come here to see you.” Mycroft closed his arm around the little detective’s frail shoulders. “And I came to see Jawn, too…that was the plan.”
"One mo'??" Sherlock asked, holding the empty cap up and waving it at Greg as yellow-tinted suds started piling up and filled the room with the scent of really sweet lemons.
Mycroft stood with his hands on his hips, scowling at the little monster rolling himself back and forth on the carpet.
Sherlock sat up on his elbow with a wild fringe of hair falling over his eyes. Now that his brother was responding, he giggled and the corners of a big, wide smile came out from hiding behind the edges of his dummy. “Up!”
Greg sighed. "Please, Sherlock? I promise we'll get up in a little while and we'll all have a nice, big breakfast together."
Greg just snorted and cuddled Jawn closer. "There we are, sweet boy. You've been changed, and now you're gunna have some milk and we'll get to sleep for at least three more hours. Preferably five."
"Bring me a dummy, too!" Mycroft shouted in the direction of the stairs. "It won't be for long; just until we get your bum cleaned up."
Sherlock growls and he raises his head so he can sink his teeth into John's collarbone. It’s John's turn to cry out, and he instinctively thrusts his hips forward.  Sherlock pulls back and licks the bruising skin lovingly.
"No they won't, I promise." Mycroft took Sherlock's hands and helped him sit up. "Let's get you down and dressed...dinner should be here any minute."
"Yes, you do." Mycroft peeled off his gloves and handed them to the baby; "Here, put these away, sweet boy."
Greg handed him the remote; "You're much better at this than I am. Want me to check again for batteries while you look for the mermaid?"
"Mm, funny how that works." Mycroft put another small bit in the baby's mouth and then tasted some himself.
'No, no, no!' she said, stomping her tiny feet in a circle all around his palm. 'It took me weeks to find the most perfect flower! It can't just be any old bloom!'
Sherlock dropped his cup and tried to reach down to cover his bottom, but the sides of his booster seat were in the way. "No," he pouted at Mycroft, his eyes turning glassy.
With a small sigh, Molly began taking off all of her bracelets and necklaces and rings. "...Is Sher'yock okay?" she asked Mycroft, who carefully sat Sherlock on the floor close to the trunk, so he could help 'clean'ub'.
Still grousing, Greg leaned into Mycroft; "How do you know I'm not going to pay attention," he grumbled.
"Pants. You are putting on pants." Sherlock dumped the bag of clothes on the changing table and started to undress.
"It's because I can follow directions," Mycroft said, dropping on the sofa...Greg hadn't even noticed that he'd returned already. "Pick something more nutritionally sound for breakfast."
Mycroft rolled his eyes and helped Sherlock out of the tub and wrapped him in a towel, using a second to gently press the water out of his curls. “I dun’ y’ike baffs.” Sherlock pouted, trying to wiggle away from Mycroft.
Sherlock instantly quieted down and stared up at his brother, eyes wide and teary. His fingers went to the dummy in his mouth, gently patting it as if to make sure it was really there.
Jawn clutched his sleeve tighter and mumbled a quick “P’easeandthankyou,” before Mycroft took pity on him and shooed him over to the table with Sherlock so he could make his order and pay. He ordered himself a small cup of the Rose ice cream, and asked the woman to include “any and all extra napkins you can spare.”
"I sweetened it with honey." Mycroft shook the bottle for emphasis. He was nearly asleep on his feet, eyes closed and swaying.
Sherlock's face lit up with his big, crooked smile. "Okay, swee'dhear'd!" he said, and hurried down the hallway after Greg and Molly.
"What do you think rule number one should be?" John pointed his pen at the tablet and waited. Sherlock remained quiet. He didn't want rules, and he surely did not want to make them for himself. It felt incriminating.
“They need to be rinsed. I’ll be right back.” The second Mycroft stepped toward the bathroom door, Sherlock began to wail.
Sherlock shuffled from foot to foot, eager to join the search (but not eager enough to risk a smack). "Door i'sh y'oud," he said, tugging on one of his curls.
"So, I c'n s'eep w'if you?" Sherlock peeped from the end of the table. Both Mycroft and Greg turned to look; the little detective was curled up into a ball in his chair, and was resting his cheek against his knees with his thumb in his mouth, watching the two of them.
"We might'nt as well have bothered." Mycroft scooped the little doctor out of his chair, carrying him back to chest out of the kitchen.
Mycroft nearly jumped out of his skin and covered his ears against the shrill, eardrum-piercing, teeth-shattering noise, and whipped his head up to see Jawn with a metal whistle in his mouth and both cheeks expanded as much as they possibly could be. “
“Bu’ I winned the game!” Jawn pouted, turning away from them to hide his face against the tile. “Na’ fair.”
“Not if you can’t behave.” Mycroft tugged on the little doctors coat sleeve until he was in front of them. “Since I need to keep an eye on you.”
“Where is that filthy mouth you are so proud of?” John curls his fingers to make Sherlock loose his rhythm as he cries out.
Mycroft had untaped Jawn’s nappy and let the dry bit of fluff hit the floor. He rested a large hand on the curve of Jawn’s bottom that stilled him completely.
"Have you felt how soft that thing is? With all the blankets and pillows and stuffed animals? It'll be like sleeping in a cloud."
"We maked b'ue! I y'ike b'ue, an' ye'yyow!" Sherlock squirmed, his voice taking on a bit of whinge; "An' g'een fa' Jawn. An' lab'bender!"
Sherlock sniffled and blinked back the tears that were starting to form and sting the corners of his eyes. "M'nod c'ying," he mumbled as he lifted his leg and ever-so-carefully eased into bed without disturbing his brother.
Mycroft hand stopped just over the small bowl...it seemed that Greg hadn't even realized what he just said. "Yeeeees," Mycroft said carefully, watching Greg. "
“The only sharks here are what?” Jawn called back, turning around to see why his crew had suddenly fallen behind.
' Greg reached up and rubbed the glitter away from his eyes anyway and blinked cautiously. "Who're you callin'--?!" he began, and stopped.
"I'll get 'em in a minute. Let's finish getting undressed first." Greg carefully pulled Sherlock's onesie up and over his head.
Molly goggled at him for a moment before giving a timid nod, opening her mouth like a baby bird waiting for a bite.
"Ain't that a wedding dress?" Greg handed Mycroft the green dress and went back into the box to pull out a fishtail dress. "It ain't gunna zip."
Sherlock frowned and turned his face away, but both Greg and Mycroft knew well enough what to expect, and followed right along with him.
Sherlock begins to rut against the toy again, slowly building his momentum. He falters only slightly when he feels familiar fingers press at his entrance.
"Wan' res' wif' G'eg now." Sherlock corkscrewed out of his brother's arms and flopped himself down next to Greg...who was having a helluv'a time not looking smitten beyond words.
Now it was Mycroft’s turn to glare at him. He had no choice; it was time to use the last resort, the ultimate weapon. He looked down at Sherlock, who was holding him tightly around the waist and hiding his face against his big brother’s arm; “...You’re scaring the baby.”
Sherlock looked up at his brother in surprise, and then a grin slowly spread across his face. "Na'ged??!"
John scoops the jumper off the floor where it had been forgotten before guiding Sherlock out of the sitting room and out onto the landing.
"Can you put it by his ear?" The wailing got louder for Greg as Sherlock wedged the phone against Jawn's ear. "Jawn, my little monkey, are you ok?"
Sherlock pinched his lips together tightly, closed his eyes, took a slow, deep breath through his nose, and held it. He held it until he was sure that the next time he spoke, his voice wouldn't wobble.
Jawn ignored him again and bounced over to where Sherlock lay, then knelt at his head and leaned over him, staring at him upside down.
A sharp swat to the tender bit where his thigh met his bum made Sherlock yelp. “So'wwy! So'wwy, Jawn.”
