"Uh, date then.  Definitely not a mistake," Tony said, coughing as he turned slightly away and made some quick swipes to the screen on Steve's phone.
"Recognized the style when someone shared a picture on Facebook.  The S.R. initials also gave it away," Tony muttered, this time the pout unmistakable.  "I had to find out through
"There's one other life-form," Tony told her.
"But you did protect me," Susan said.  "You kept the Skrulls from finding me, and you helped Cap realize everything was wrong, and you did all that while they were hurting you and Leo and-"
"I thought I'd never find you!  I'm sorry it took so long.  I'm so sorry..." Susan said, hugging Kestrel tightly and hiding her face in the other girl's shoulder.
There was a mixture of hurt and confusion that was quickly replaced by a neutral expression on Tony's face.  "'Pepper says he liked going down on her in his sports cars.'  You got a thing for Pep, Cap?"
There was a soft smile on Steve's lips and a light blush that Tony could get used to seeing.  "I think I'm ready to step up to bat.  My batting average isn't as good as yours, but I like to think I'll hit a home run eventually.  I don't think I'll strike out this time."
"Sir," Sergeant Williams said.  "I've got a report saying he's gone to the hangar."
Tony sighed, then shifted his chair closer again.  "We're all fine, cuddle bug.  You're allowed to be a little clingy."
"Did you...?" Tony asked, only half-afraid of the answer.
He made room for Natasha to sit on the bench and Clint leaned against the wall, arms folded over his chest.  "Whatever's going on, Doom is our only lead," Clint said.  "Which sucks, by the way."
"Hundreds of what?" Steve asked, confusion making him grumpier.
Rhodey stood, carrying Tony out of the cave as Pepper took point.
Steve's head was bowed low, but his wings flicked in agreement.  Wanda rubbed his cheek, then flew off to join the fight.
second thoughts.
"I have a very fine appreciation of the fairer sex," Tony said.  "They tend to have a lot more sense than we do."
For a moment, Tony swore the heart pump stopped working.  There was a stinging pain prickling at his eyes, but he ignored it.  Sam, Sharon, Wanda, and the others.  They couldn't...  There was a numbness to their names that Tony couldn't handle right now.  He pushed those thoughts away viciously.  He could grieve when Steve wasn't bleeding out because of a bullet.
-"  The name was spat out with a viciousness that surprised Steve.  "He didn't help.  None of us realized the rat bastard was the one who was double-dealing."
"Steve, I know you're hungry," Tony said, poking the dragon's cheek.  "We've got to get going.  You promised me an early start, remember?"
Tony looked up at the stars, thinking of the crest Steve had worn as a dragon.  "You died," Tony said, staring at the North Star.  He shivered, remembering the bone chilling cold.
Steve ran a hand through his hair as he rubbed his forehead in agitation.  His voice was small when he spoke.  "I don't want you to leave."
So that's about it really.  Just fluff, as promised.  You can find me on tumblr
"He's going to be okay," Tony said, as if repeating it to reassure himself.  "He's - shit!"  He tried to scramble to his feet, but his legs were still wobbly.
"I know," Steve said, trying to keep his voice light, but failing.  "Tony, these feelings are not your fault.  They aren't always logical."
Susan laughed, though the sound was weak to her ears and rang hollow.  "How did you know what I was thinking?"
Steve was chilled, thinking of the Battle of New York.  Tony was Iron Man, and without Iron Man, the city would have been destroyed by the WSC.  Trust Tony to figure out how to do that instead of how to survive.
Two months later, Steve balanced a tray in one hand as he put in the new access code Tony had given him.  Now him, Bruce, and Jane all had access to Tony's lab, though Steve came in more just to sit with Tony and draw than to do science like the others.
"You got mild frostbite, so don't scratch them," Pepper informed him briskly.  "And you had a concussion, but that's mostly faded and you've been out for a while.  Don't think I haven't noticed you haven't been sleeping much lately.  You can thank Steve for getting off so easy later, because you should have been a lot worse off given how long it took to find you."
The reactor in the center of the suit came to life.  The Red Skull was yelling something and trying to move away, but it was too late.  Clutching at his side, the Red Skull fell.
"And your heart?" Peggy asked.
"Copy that," she said, relieved.  "Can you hold them off?"
Steve knew Tony wouldn't like the answer, so he didn't say anything.
The latter she directed to Steve, who felt even guiltier after that.  He only just managed to keep on the smile as she left the room, sagging into a chair once she'd left.  He leaned forward on the table on his arms and groaned, knowing he'd been made.
Dropping the wrapper, Steve made a note to pick it up later as he rushed after the sound of Iron Man's clunky gait.  He caught a glimpse of red and gold going to the balcony.  "Iron Man, wait up!" he called out.
Steve bit his lip in worry, but tried his best to put it aside.  He had to worry about Tony right now, who always went strangely silent when Steve asked about Iron Man.
Iron Man was silent for a moment.  "Are you saying we should listen to him? Let him take over?"
The suit was almost working.  He could feel it dancing on his fingertips.  The problem was that 'almost' wasn't the same as 'working'.  He hated the fact that it still wasn't coming together.  He couldn't even get the schematics of the old suits to work, and he was just about to throw the tablet against the wall.
Susan took a shuddering breath.  No fix.  She should have known that.  She did.  She wasn't that naive anymore and she...  she knew that.  It just felt so.... heavy.  She leaned against the cliff-face where she waited for the convoy, gravel crunching under her feet.  It was dark, which wasn't helping either.  Sure, she could see in the dark, and she wasn't afraid of it any more (and she hadn't been, no matter what Leo said - not since the second grade), but that didn't mean she liked it.
"Bi," Leon corrected quietly.  "And it's not... People don't care about that now."
," Steve said, curling tightly around him.  He felt Steve's breath in his hair as the dragon rested his head atop Tony's.  Tony felt the emotions rushing through him as Steve spoke, each one leaving him more shaken than the last.  "You're so clever and brilliant.  Half the things I see in your head I could never even begin to understand.  And you're strong.  You never let defeat stop you, always finding a new angle and doing anything to make it right, no matter the cost.  You keep fighting even when you feel like you can't anymore.  And after everything I've seen in your memories, you still care.  You're a good person."
"Your hands are shaking," Steve pointed out.
"Course set for New York, currently over India," she answered.  "We should arrive-"
"Tony, look at me," Steve ordered.
"JARVIS, call-"
They landed in the far north of the great cavern on a secluded ledge that lead to a small hall.  "What is this place?" he asked as they stepped inside.  This cave was warm, almost too warm for his liking.
"I... thanks," Tony said, unsure of where they stood on the whole trust issue if Steve was feeling that protective.
do or allow such a thing.  A cut that jumped to miss her eye, meant to scar and scare her, was careful and precise.  She would have had to be held down.  Tony swallowed hard at the sight, trying to push the thought of torture from his mind.  He nodded to reassure her, knowing Steve wasn't the only dragon.  He couldn't picture any of the dragons he'd met being that cruel, but dragon wars had to start for a reason. It had to be a dragon from a different clan.  Steve had said there was one to the west that they spoke with occasionally.
Clint handed Steve his phone, and Steve recognized YouTube well enough.  He pressed play, watching the five women on screen laugh and sing.  It took a while to get to the actual song, but Steve found himself nodding with the beat once it did.
Swallowing hard, Steve pushed that particular mental image away because he was pretty sure Tony had cameras down here.  He looked around one more time before settling between two of the display cases and sitting cross-legged on the floor.  He flipped over his sketchbook, turning to a new page.  A blank slate?  Steve wondered if that would be good for him and Tony, or if they both had too much baggage for that to work.
"I'd like that," Steve said.  He nearly added 'as long as we can also go to dinner', but decided he wasn't quite up to that yet.
The smile Steve saw in all of the videos was back, and he wished he knew what to say to bring back the warmer one.  "You didn't sleep with her."
"What set it off?" Steve asked, keeping his voice soft.
That was his handwriting on some of the notes, but he'd never been consulted about a vita-ray machine.  "Nope.  I've never seen any of this before," he said, flipping to the next page.
"I still am," Steve said, though he was also partially angry with himself for falling for Stark's trick.  "I can't get a hold of Iron Man, but something is wrong, Nat.  Something bad.  I need to figure out what's going on."
"I missed you too," Susan said, hugging Kes tighter.  Kes felt so frail in her arms, and Susan knew the Skrulls hadn't been feeding the twins enough, but she hated feeling like Kes could break apart at any moment.  Kes was the one who was always strong.
, Steve realized with a start.  The suit had heated so much that it was ejecting its occupant.  "God damn it, JARVIS, that failsafe was for Rhodey, not for me!" Tony said as he came out of the suit, his fist balled to punch Kang's face plate.
He took that as a yes and didn't press further.  "The doctor said there's a good chance he'll wake up," Steve said.
She was scrutinizing him in a way that made him fidget.  It wasn't sexual like so many other women (and some men) had given him since he got the serum, but it made him uncomfortable all the same.  Then she tilted her head to the side slightly, her expression softening.  "Why?"
"... Wow, is that a bald eagle setting off fireworks over there?"
"No," Steve said, looking at the bottle for a moment before downing a good portion of what was left.  Stark whistled in approval.  It stopped burning at least, but Steve could already feel it working its way to his head without any food in his stomach.
Tony didn't respond at first.  Then he nodded, and Steve carefully sat down beside him.  Thinking back to what Tony had said before, he ran his fingers through Tony's hair, massaging gently.
Steve fell silent after that, and suddenly all of the silence felt louder than JARVIS would allow his music preferences to be set.  "You don't have to stay," Tony said, his voice ringing in his ears like a forbidden tattoo drummed against his head.
"That won't stop us from giving you a thrashing," Steve said, though the odds were very much not in their favor.  Doom was a tough enemy even with the other Avengers for backup, and Rhodey was still recovering.  He could see the tremor in Rhodey's frame as he forced himself to stand without the cane's aid.
"I'm sorry," Tony said, shaking his head as he hiccuped. "I was stupid and...
"A favor from an old friend," Fury said.  "Phil always said he regretted how the Stark/Iron Man case was handled, and he wanted to fix that mistake, though he could never figure out how on his own.  With him gone, I'm hoping you can fix what SHIELD messed up."
Susan felt like she was grasping at straws trying to find the words that would make Kes and Leo better.  Was she failing them, for not finding them soon enough or...
"That's one thing that's different," Steve said.  "You didn't have it in the vision. We've already changed it, even if just a little."
"It's what people do these days," Sam said with a wink. "You don't have to, but you should look into it. Meet some other artists."
She automatically raised the spoon to her lips, the taste of strawberry soothing something she couldn't quite name in her chest.
Steve didn't know how to respond to that, so he nodded.  He had enough food for thought to last him for a while in the very least.
The impact alert started to wail at him, but Tony kept going.  He could hear the hydra behind him, scaling the walls and trashing the crumbling stair case.  He tilted his angle slightly, but kept going up.  The hydra was fast and even at top speed he was barely ahead of it.
"Is this a bad time?" Rhodey said, her voice hesitant over the speakers.  "Because if it is, can you at least make it so I can't hear?  Computer sex is not something my young mind wants to contemplate."
"If it's not a date, why are you so nervous?" she asked.
"It's...  stupid reasons, I suppose.  Men in our society aren't supposed to cry, though Pep would tell me off if she heard me say that."  And besides, Stark men were made of iron.  He wondered how much had been the Zemo formula and how much of his memories of those years had been the true Howard Stark.  He didn't remember much of his father before the Great War, and after...
," Steve continued.  "I was the one who wouldn't back down.  You have issues, Tony.  Those issues aren't going to go away because we're friends and I knew that coming into this."
Tony almost didn't hear her.  There were pictures and newspaper clippings in there of a human in a military uniform.  Handsome with the kind of chin that could proclaim democracy to communists just by existing.  Definitely someone Tony wouldn't mind spending the night with, but no one Tony could remember seeing before.  There were even a few drawings of some of his Marvels adventures thrown in, though he didn't know what they had to do with anything.  They were signed S.R.
Relief flooded through him and it nearly got his head bitten off because he wasn't paying attention.  A gargoyle, not a baby dragon.  No red skull this time around either.  But had he really changed things?
"You're not my therapist, Sam."
"Yes and no," Bruce said, absently passing Steve a protein bar, which Steve accepted with good nature.  "He's...  Do you think he's the type to just give up on something if he wasn't interested anymore?"
"I'd offer to help, but you're too big of a kitten for me to get out of this tree," Tony said, stifling another laugh.
Whipping his head around, Steve was greeted with a very welcome sight lounging in Kang's chair.  "Iron Man!"
He realized his mistake far too late.  He barely saw Tony's hand darting out before his phone was stolen.  He half-stood, then remembered why standing was a bad idea and quickly sat back down.  "Tony," Steve said, his voice thick with disapproval.
"Drop!" Steve said.
"You alright?" Tony asked as he moved over to Steve, feeling a few of the aches and pains.
"No, I can't," Ms. Potts said, her voice rising.  "Do you know what you're asking me to do, Tony?  I've seen you come back from that!  I could be ki - Captain!"
"I'll keep that in mind," he said, and by the look on her face, his tone was probably still on the stuffy and judgemental side.  He ignored her laugh and went back to drawing Rhodey.  He would finish this picture even if it killed him.
"What if I mess this up?" Susan asked before she could stop herself.  She at least managed to bite back the 'like the last time' that hung over her head.
Tony turned to look at him.  In the lights of the city he could see the awe on his face.  "Feeling a little star-struck?" Tony asked, because if he stared for too much longer he would probably do something he'd regret.
Steve's head went down and his wings moved in agitation before he packed them back against his back.  He jumped to a branch that was a bit too far below him and Tony winced in empathic pain.  Steve finally managed a half glide, half hop down to the ground, but not without several new scratches and a bruise or two from bumping into the metal walls of the temple.
Still, Steve was willing to enjoy the garden while he was here.  He found a little bench hidden away in a small alcove and sat down among the rhododendrons and the irises.  He could still hear the party behind him, but it was quiet enough that he could pretend he didn't need to go back for at least a little while.
"So now you're talking to me," Tony said, slowly looking around the small space the light afforded him.  The ground shook again, and he had a moment of panic before it subsided.
"Colder," Bruce said.  "He was a little abrasive before, but Jane and I were...  I was at least enjoying the challenge?  Once you're used to him, Stark is brilliant, and we worked well together. But now he's just blankly polite.  Like the Tony Stark we were getting to know got hidden away."
"Change it back."
"Define bad?" Natasha grunted, waving thanks to Clint for an assist.
"Widow, I could also use that Lullaby you've been concocting right about now," Iron Man said.
Clint snorted. "I'd say I'm surprised, but I'm starting to get used to the insanity here.  But that's what this is about, right?  You struck out with Iron Man, so you're trying the friend angle?"
"You're such a
Tony contemplated how the moss worked while petting Steve.  Sharon had said it was magic, but there had to be a scientific reason for how it could give off light for a certain time, then emit a paler glow.
Steve was right, everything was the same except -
"Well, no, because that's what wire cutters are for, ya know, cutting, but seriously.  Why is everyone so angry?  I'm feeling it too, but the suit's blocking some of it.  I can't get a good reading for a source." Iron Man's head was cocked to the side, looking around at the others and clearly dismissing Steve as unimportant.  Like he was better than everyone else.
The future had really strange sculptures even if the phones were swell.  He stopped the mini sculpture again, trying to see what moved it.
Natasha on the other hand, looked annoyed.  "I could have stepped things up if I'd known too.  Riskier, but it could have paid off."
That brought Tony up short.  He felt the blood drain from his face.  "You knew."
Steve picked at his collar only to have his hand slapped away by Natasha.  "You look good, Steve.  Stop fussing."
"Though I guess you might already know who he...  Anyway, I see him at a lot of these things and he never asks or anything, usually just takes off to the nearest bush.  He always compliments the staff though.  He's a real down-to-earth guy."
The tentacles' grip loosened.  Tony yanked free, stumbling forward as he clamped on to the flame thrower and fired at the tentacles.  The thing shrieked, tentacles pulling away from the flames, and Tony could smell the burnt flesh through the suit's air filters.  He held his hand up to fire the repulsors at the skull itself.
After that guard went down, Tony shot two of the others.  It was surprisingly easy considering his hand should be shaking.  He ducked behind the wall again as the return fire came his way, taking a careful shot when he had the chance.  Why would his hands be shaking?  No time to think about that.
"Not usually," Tony said wryly.  "And it's actually easier to get off than on again.  But it's doable."  Not entirely pleasant, but then, when was Tony's life ever that good?
Pepper looked surprised.  "I think there was.  Rhodey was looking at it earlier.  Is the quartz important?"
"And look where that got me!" Tony said, his voice sharp and angry in a way Steve rarely heard.
Natasha didn't even look up from her book as she gave Tony the middle finger.  "The common floor is upstairs, Stark," she said, though she couldn't have been too bothered since she let them come in in the first place.
popular.  They're straight out of the 90s.  And I am never looking at Jane the same way again.  Or you.  I'm not sure how good getting advice from the Spice Girls is."  He pulled out his phone, making quick motions with his fingers.  "Though in this case, they're not really wrong."
Steve leaned back in the chair, shaking his head.  "And if I think you don't need to know his reasons either?"
Tony's eyes went comically wide.  "Sure, I'll just call up a dictator from a hostile nation for consultation," Tony said, falling back on sarcasm.
"JARVIS, open port 290926," Iron Man said, a grin in his voice. "Sorry.  Hate to break it to ya, but Damocles won't be responding to you anymore."
Steve caught on to Tumblr lingo pretty quickly, and though it was weird, he got used to the idea of other people 'shipping' his teammates. As long as he could avoid seeing himself on there, he was fine. Which, amusingly enough, got him a few questions about if he hated Captain America and why he didn't draw Cap more. He usually responded with a Captain Americat. It was enough of its own character that he could use it to poke fun at himself without feeling too self-conscious.
Looking at the table he'd been sitting at, Steve knew it was his last chance.  It was a solid table and thankfully not easy to see underneath with the wood in the way.  He picked up the sculpture, nearly dropping the piece he'd broken off in the first place, and shoved it under the table where people coming in wouldn't be able to see it.  He then quickly sat down and plastered on a smile that hopefully Ms. Potts would put down to nerves.
"It's what Cap tells you," Susan said, her heart not quite in the banter but the words reassuring Steve all the same.  She was still fighting.  That was what mattered.
Stark had a girlfriend who just walked out not five minutes ago and he admitted to...  Steve felt disgusted.
"I..." Steve said, slight embarrassment coloring his tone.  Tony hid a smile.  The dragon really had been half asleep when Tony poked him awake every morning.  "Alright."
"What you need to know is that Kang is coming from the future to kill Steve, and we have to stop that from happening.  I'm sending you the specs of all the important stuff and some transcripts of what
"Strange girl," he said to himself.  Not quite his type, but not a bad sort either.  Still, her words stuck with him through the journey back.  It couldn't have been Steve's clan that killed her parents and gave her that scar.  But how much did he really know about the dragons anyway?  They may just be acting at being such an open society, or are only truly open with other dragons...
.  Steve felt an irrational anger at that, and at Tony Stark for insisting on the secret identities.  "You don't need to be under Stark's thumb like that.  We don't need his money, Shellhead.  It's nice, but not necessary, if that's why you keep this up.  So if it's your loyalty to him then it won't-"
"Taking lessons from Natalie Rushman, are you?  Or is it Romanov now?  Unless she's already changed it again."
Tony wanted to hear Steve's voice one last time.  He wanted a lot of things, but he was running out of time.  "Get the kids out safe.  They're what's important."
"Hard to miss," Steve replied.
"Bravo!" Tony said as he came down the stairs into the training room.  "That was what, six minutes you've lasted against Cap?  You're getting better.  Faster than I did too."
"Steve?"
Steve laughed.  It was a soft chuckle that warmed a part of Tony he hadn't realized was cold.  "You're not gonna like the answer to that."
Steve hated it when people were reasonable.
"Guess I have to stick to the old fashioned way."  Tony rubbed his arm for warmth then took the small pick from his pack.  It would be easy enough to get a decent-sized crystal out even with just the pick.  He should only need thirty minutes all together.  He figured the looks of the crystal weren't as important as the size and as long as it was functional, Viper should be safe.
* * *
He slowly shone the light around the cavern after locking down the suit, fascinated by the detail on the wall.  It was a mural of bright colors and fantastical creatures.  Taking care of his bad leg, he limped over to the nearest one, running his hand over the smoothed stone.  "Dragons, huh?  I'll be.  Or should I say, by George?"  It had to be what Hydra was after. He directed the light to the ceiling to check if he could expect company, then bit his lip.  Those were a lot of rocks that he was surprised hadn't fallen on top of him.  "Not getting out that way.  Then let's see what we have here?"
Happy gave Steve one last glare and motioned 'I'm watching you' before the elevator doors closed.
He knew what he was supposed to say.  He was supposed to be Cap, and be optimistic.  He was supposed to have a plan.  He couldn't force the words out though, not when Cap was here.  Not while the man he'd seen
"You don't have to answer now," Steve said, waking Tony from his thoughts.  "And I can leave if you-"
"I'm afraid not, Captain," JARVIS said regretfully.  "He is also refusing to come out."
Steve didn't answer.  He ignored the pain, listening for his chance.  When he heard the sound of the energy gun, Steve flipped over and pushed up enough to get on his feet.  He threw his whole body forward, momentum driving the shield into Kang's ribs, then up under his chin to drive him back.
When Tony didn't pull away or make a sound, Steve looked up.  Tony was blushing, the color chasing across his cheeks faster than Steve thought possible.  He was pretty sure Tony Stark didn't Blush before this.  Tony's eyes were wide and flustered, but Steve saw the emotion in them before it could be hidden away.  This was
"Yes, it was," Tony said, turning away.  He kept his back to Steve as he walked to the rail, gripping it tightly.  He didn't really see the city lights or the stars, just staring straight ahead into the darkness.  Steve hadn't denied the part about his feelings either.
"-and the uniforms are due for an upgrade. How are they for movement?"
He didn't know, so he struggled to stay conscious even as the cold tried to seep in through the cape wrapped tightly around him.  He managed about as far as the quinjet before passing out in Thor's arms.
Steve fought down the wave of disappointment.  "Figured the butterfly had good taste.  But if you don't want to, then I...  That's okay too."
.  Steve's wings were twitching in agitation, but aside from protectively surrounding Tony, they didn't try to touch him again.  Steve was...  Steve was trying to respect his privacy, even when he didn't quite understand the concept.
"Sometimes I like the burn," Stark replied.  It spoke volumes more about Stark's self-abuse than Steve currently wanted to contemplate.
Once again, please check out
"Tony-"
"I don't-"
"Vodka," she confirmed.  "We could drink until you don't care about itchy feet any more.  It'll get Rhodey to lighten up too."
"Can you tell me why it makes things worse?  Is it something I do?" Steve asked, clamping down on his frustration.  He wracked his brain trying to think of an example, but he couldn't.
Tony hesitantly stepped forward, linking their arms.  "Don't say I didn't warn you," Tony said, but he leaned against Steve's shoulder.
* * *
JARVIS was silent for a few moments, presumably telling Tony.  Then he replied, "Mr. Stark is waiting for you in the penthouse."
"You said no coins," Natasha said, a smile in her voice as she laughed softly.
"Hello?" he called out as he stepped out of the elevator.  He didn't look at the balcony this time, figuring it was better to avoid that again.  It was still his city, no matter how she changed, and she'd come a long way since he'd been in the ice.  He just wasn't quite ready for the all encompassing view again though.
"But he's not," Steve finished for him.  "I don't think he ever understood that I wasn't there for any reason other than to be friends with him."
Steve didn't mind the dirt and grime so much.  A month on the front lines would cure anyone of that, and he could never afford good neighborhoods growing up so he was no stranger to grime.  He just hadn't expected a fancy businessman like Tony Stark to be quite so at ease with it either, especially not with today's attitudes towards cleanliness.  It was a surprisingly good look on the man, he'd admit.
"There's obviously something wrong," Steve bit out, unable to keep his temper in check.  He should back off.  He knew that, but he couldn't help pressing forward.
"That would be the part you pick at," Tony muttered as Rhodey laughed.
"I'm fine, ma'am," he said, giving his best stage smile.  Tony took one look at him and Steve had the sinking feeling that he wasn't fooled.
today though, he needed to look presentable.  He asked Sam to show him to one of the baths that morning, then proceeded to ban all the dragons from entering until he was done.  He wasn't a modest man by nature either, but he could do without being stared at like a science project while he was trying to get clean.
Tony flinched.  The heart pump was failing.  It was hard to pull air into his lungs.  Gasping, he blinked hard and saw his father - no, Zemo.  Dad was dead.  Before him was Baron Zemo of Hydra.  "You're... You died.  I killed..."
"I know you will," Steve said, and when had he gotten so close?  Tony had moved closer to get the uniform, but this was much closer than he intended.  He only had to lean up a little to kiss Steve, and the realization caught in his throat.
"No, I-"
"No rush," Steve said, ignoring the burn in his cheeks and earning a laugh from her.  If only she knew...  "Be careful."
It was a bit embarrassing to know his teammates followed his art posts, especially with the 'shippy' requests. Knowing his friends had been viewing his art was a bit worse, but nothing that Steve was really upset over. He just really liked being anonymous. "I should have known you guys would find it," he said, shaking his head.  "I asked the person who was reposting to take it down, but they said they gave me credit and insisted they could leave it up.  I contacted Tumblr about it, but some of my friends on the site say that the staff take forever to respond."
"I missed you," Kes said simply, her voice trembling.
Thor frowned, sitting down next to Steve.  "Is this something Stark requires assistance with?"
Tony didn't say anything as the video continued to play, his face ducked against Steve, and Steve rubbed small circles into Tony's lower back as he watched the video fizzle out and Rhodes's scream cut off.  '
"I did not - I'm not short, Winghead!  Just because you are all ridiculously tall does not mean I'm not a respectable height!"
Bruce stared at Clint's feet for a moment, but allowed it.  He then chuckled.  "The other guy can handle Stark's frustration.  It's me that can't handle his drive.  I don't know how he does it without collapsing from exhaustion.  Even I need breaks sometimes or it feels like my head will burst keeping up with him."
Tony stumbled as the second guard went down, the world twisting around him.  He looked back to see - a machine? - no, that wasn't a machine.  It was water.  Buckets of water they had held him down in.  Was it?  It was hard to see clearly.  Didn't matter.  He wouldn't build them weapons.  He had to go.
"Well?" Clint asked.
"I can see them through your eyes too, if you'll let me."
"I'm not hallucinating, damn it," Tony said, a wave of dizziness passing through him.  He felt Jarvis pushing him back down in bed as his vision greyed and tunneled.
He could feel Tony's breath start to pick up, a minute trembling going through Tony's body.  Boundaries, Steve realized with a start as he opened his mouth to speak.  He snapped it shut, because pushing right now wouldn't help no matter how much he knew it wouldn't get better until Tony tried.  Tony had to take this at his own pace.  He was going to have to ask Rhodey how he managed to pull back.  Steve definitely could use some advice on the matter.
"You have one week, Rogers," she said.  "Then I'm bringing Clint in.  And no, your wounded puppy dog eyes will not work on me.  Now scram.  I've got soup to eat and a Russian novel to finish."
He moved on to his other hand, wrapping it as well as he could, then planted his feet in the ground and waited for JARVIS to respond.
Tony paused the game, looking up at Steve in surprise.  "What for?  It's not like you can really help nearly dying."
"What happened?" Steve asked, snapping into command mode.
He didn't like the glare he found himself receiving.  "I thought we were friends, Steve!  A month I could have been setting you up, pushing you into him, and sending you some of his racier photoshoots, and you didn't tell me until I broke my leg.  How am I supposed to be your wingman if you keep this sort of thing to yourself?"
Afterwards, Tony merely raised his eyebrows at Steve, who looked away.  "You know, I'd be more willing to believe it wasn't my fault if you believed it yourself," Tony said dryly.
wouldn't survive that fall.  He held off on opening it for longer than he should have, giving him the momentum to drop and roll in the courtyard once he dislodged from the chute.  The edge of his shield came in contact with a robot's chin soon after, and he looked around to get his bearings.
Tony finally opened his eyes, staring at Steve in bewilderment.  "There's plenty of other people downstairs, Steve.  Why me?"
"Besides, I'm good for it" Tony said, throwing himself on his back as he placed his hand, palm facing outward, over his forehead in a classic swooning position.  It didn't quite hide his smile.  "My love for the villainous Jan is too pure.  My heart will burst and I will waste away until she is returned to her normal heroic self.  Save me, Carol."
"That's what they tell me," Tony said.  "Now go back to sleep, wise guy."
"Good luck, buddy," Clint said, offering Steve a lazy salute.  "We'll make sure the funeral is tasteful."
Steve settled back into his earlier glare. "Before, it was never about
"And what if there wasn't one?"
.  Science he could do and understand.  He started working out the science behind it and what he'd read on the serum.  "The Serum had to have-"
"Hey, Dr. Banner," Iron Man said, helping Natasha clear some of the dirty dishes from the table.  "Mr. Stark wants to know if you've looked over those energy readings he gave you."
"Bruce?"
He couldn't help how his eyes moved in the direction of the sound.  Steve looked wrecked, torn between emotions Tony couldn't quite name.  There was exhaustion and guilt etched into the rings around his eyes and the pain of a fresh wound about his shoulders.  There was no love there, not like in his dream, but that didn't mean this still wasn't an illusion.
Bruce met Clint's eyes again, pushing his glasses up his nose.  Bruce barely ever met Tony's eyes on bad days, so that meant he was even more worried than normal.  "Tony," Bruce said, half-reaching out for Tony's shoulder before he stopped himself.  "Are you...  Did something happen in the dream?  You, ah... You've been quiet recently."
Steve understood that well enough, even if he didn't agree with Iron Man's lone wolf routine.  "We'd still like to help.  Are you close to the Colonel?"
Tony honestly didn't think he could say no to anything if Steve was going to smile at him like that.  "Yes.  I mean, sure," Tony said, stumbling over the words as all of his usual charm left him.  "I know just the place."
"Exactly," Rhodey said.  "And
"It was the only way to save the kids," Tony said.
"Oh, uh... It's just a personal favor," Iron Man said.  "Nothing serious, Cap.  Just looking for some peace of mind."
Tony blinked.  First date.  And Steve was assuming a
"That's Colonel Rhodes's family, right?" Steve asked hesitantly.
want to talk.  But he didn't mind Steve's arms around him and the comforting circles he was rubbing in Tony's back.  Though it was surprisingly low for-
.  You kept me warm when I didn't think I ever could be again.  None of what happened was your fault."
"Steve...  What I said earlier.  Why aren't you angry?"
"Ma'am?" Tony asked, limping closer with the help of the make-shift cane.  "Even I usually wine and dine a girl before riding-"
But there was still something on Steve.  "The muzzle too," Tony told her.
"Sounds great, Suzie," Leo said, earning him a scowl.  "Still hate that name?  You haven't changed."
"That's where you get your prophesies from, right?" Tony asked.  The cave didn't seem to be all that special.  Aside from the warmth, he wouldn't have been able to tell it apart from the cave with the dragon crystals.  He wondered how extensive the cave network was.  He could spot plenty of caves along the cavern wall as the dragons flew him places, but how many of those had been explored?  He itched to go down a few of them, but he knew that would have to wait.  Still, after the War if Steve found him...  Maybe Steve wouldn't mind exploring with him?  And he could bring Rhodey, Pepper, and Jarvis along.  He couldn't let too many people down here, but they would keep the secret.
another chance.  We can stand down and wait till you've worked through things."
The brown dragon turned back to the blue one in what was definitely a shrug.  Another name feeling: scarlet, magenta, fuchsia.  Both the sunrise and sunset.  Chaos of an oncoming storm, but the calm and quiet of the silent woods.  Dark and mysterious, deep magic.  "-said if he is killed, it will disrupt the magic.  She saw the mural as it was carved and had a premonition flash.  He's important, whoever he is."
"And years would be too late," Steve said with growing horror.  "He's... He'll just go in the portal to get it?  He's a civilian!"
"We're still angry at your dumb ass, yeah," Sam agreed, though he didn't really feel as angry as he had been.  He pushed a plate that held lightly burnt meat and vegetables towards Tony.  "But you're our friend and you've had a hard day.  And Steve..."
"Kes, you're safe now," she said, putting a gentle hand on Kestrel's arm.  "You and Leo are safe.  I... I got you out."
to be another way out of this. Steve refused to accept this outcome.  Maybe if he threw his shield at the chair it would disrupt-
"That
"'Pretty swell,' he says," Tony muttered, looking away.  Of course Steve had already seen them.  That didn't make the disappointment any less crushing.  He tried to hide it, but by the expression on Steve's face, he hadn't been quick enough.
Peggy's wings wrapped around him as well, pulling him closer, and Tony immediately thought of walls.  Walls were what Wanda had called them.  Walls would probably be a good mental projection to keep the others out.  He was rewarded by Sharon's confusion and Peggy's rumbling sigh.
When Tony pulled back, Steve felt a little breathless.  "Be careful out there," Tony said, stepping away.  He wasn't meeting Steve's eyes.  "I'll prep the quinjet for you."
"Yeah, funny thing about that.  Not my first rodeo.  Also not the first time Mr. Stark has come across your tech.  He's a quick study."  Iron Man wasn't in his usual armor, Steve realized.  It was an older model from a few months ago, but it looked to be in fighting shape.
"Still a crybaby though," Kestrel said, wiping away Susan's tears rather than her own.
"Are you saying he's more of a genius than you?" Natasha said playfully.
Steve used the hesitation to reassure him.  "Ms. Potts already called her.  Mrs. Rhodes has been doing better, so as long as you and Ms. Potts look in on her, Ms. Rhodes will be out here soon."
He'd been about to take her wrist to keep her from attempting again when Happy was suddenly beside him, looking very official with his security badge.  "That won't be necessary, Captain Rogers.  I'll make sure Mrs. Fairfax gets home safely."
"We got off on the wrong foot," Tony said with a grin.  "I'm Tony.  Tony Stark."
"Deep breath, Rhodey," Tony said.  "Your vitals are spiking.  You can do this.  It's easy-peasy."
"You should be paying attention to your surroundings," Tony said as he looked at the button thoughtfully.  "And my gut says it is.  I've been in enough forgotten temples to know a secret passage when I see it.  I just need to figure out
"Is Captain America honestly suggesting we make nice with a super villain?" Tony asked incredulously.
"I can cut you with my crutches," she said dryly.
Rhodey broke off some of his omelette, but didn't eat it.  Instead he stared down at the plate without really seeing the food.  "Look, Cap.  I'm not saying it's easy being in Tony's orbit, but it's
Steve felt his smile widen at this, and he laughed a little nervously as a blush of his own crept up his face.  He had a date.  Now he just had to not screw it up.  "Tuesday at seven, then?"  That should give him enough time to come up with a plan of action, because asking Tony out might have been impulsive, but he wanted the date to be well-planned.  Considering Tony was a billionaire who went on plenty of dates, Steve would have his work cut out for him.
Dragons, it turned out, really did not like the taste of cooked meat.  Tony chuckled to himself as he worked, picturing Sharon puffing out fire after swallowing it.  Then the round of apologies from mortified dragons who had picked up the reaction was apparently rude in human cultures from Tony's mind.  He whistled cheerfully as he moved another rock, then blasted a new dent with his repulsors.
"Mr. Stark-" Steve said, reaching out to put a hand on his shoulder and turn him around.  Stark was pushing buttons and pushing them hard, and Steve was out of patience.  "You're not fine.  What's wrong?"
The armor went still.  "I..."
"Fine."
"I had a protein bar," Steve said, though he didn't argue with the second plate being pushed his way.  He did have a habit of not eating when he wasn't hungry, which happened more often than he realized since he'd woken up.  The others had caught on to him, but thankfully other than a few hushed conversations about depression and grieving, they were content to just push food at him.
The ground shook violently and Tony fell forward into Steve's flank.  The familiar blue in the dappled moss light was more comforting than Tony liked to admit.
"Don't remember it," Tony replied.  Even the uneasiness from when he woke was gone, chased from his memory.
Iron Man sat down on the couch next to Steve and bumped their shoulders together.  "Don't apologize for that," he said.  "I was finding out more information about what happened to Rhodey since the video from the suit is messed up.  Mr. Stark was working on that while I tried to find some other leads."
"In fact-" Tony continued.
"Nope," Steve said, his fingers tracing other scars Tony had gained over the years.  "I just had a hell of a sexy silver fox for a husband."
Steve was conveniently omitting the vision where Tony knew he was going to fight it alone.  But Tony didn't bring it up either.  They were going to change it, no matter what. "I think there might be some stairs over here.  I'll try those."
"It was me," Steve said, his voice breaking.  "He said there was something he had to protect or else millions of people would die.  He meant... He meant me."  If Steve had gone into that portal, all he'd done to defeat Hydra would be erased from history.  Was that really enough to put the time line off?  Surely others would have fought in his place.  But it was more than that.  Tony had said he couldn't lose this time.  It had been so important to him that he'd been working endlessly to...
all of you."
"Come to dinner with me."
Tony kicked at Kang, breaking his hold in a move that Steve had taught Iron Man.  He fell to the ground, rolling away.  But Kang reached out to the chair, pulling out the glowing ax.  He was going to hit Tony.
"I didn't need you to prove that to me by pulling this sort of damned idiotic stunt!"  Tony rubbed what he could reach of Steve's scales to create more friction.  "You need to go down and sit by the lava baths.  Come on, you-"
"Captain, your blood sugar levels are dropping dramatically.  Perhaps a candy bar would be to your liking?" JARVIS entreated.
"Yes, sir."  Steve started to eat, letting the conversation restart around him.  It warmed something that the nightmares left cold, to see his team sticking around and waiting for him to finish when they were already done eating.  He wasn't quite part of the conversation, but he wasn't feeling left out like he sometimes did.
Shaking his head, Steve unlocked his phone then tapped at the link she sent him.  It was a Tumblr post, which made him wary, but he figured Wanda was sending it to him for a reason.
"It's not like I
"It will keep your enemies from controlling them," she replied.
"What?" Tony asked.  That wasn't right.  It had been
"Shh," Steve said.  Tony's words stung more because Steve himself believed them, not Tony.  Hearing that Tony didn't believe it helped a little, but it was a wound that would take a while to close.  It was just going to take time.  "I'm sorry.  I'll work on not pushing."
"It... reminds me of Johann," Steve said.  "The blankness.  I don't feel anything from you when you're in there, and only a little when you take off the helmet."
the blue dragon wavering.  He didn't like this mind-reading business.  It felt too open.  Too vulnerable.  But if it meant anything...  "For what it's worth, I'm trying to stop the army that has been looking for this place," Tony said, wincing as he tried to take a deep breath and remember his ribs.
Steve spread his wings as the ground shook again.  "Alright," he said, his tail wrapping around himself.  "Be on guard.  Tony, you're with me."
"Is fine, see?" Steve's voice was gentle, in sharp contrast to the ferocious growl he'd given Zemo.  He lifted his wing for Tony to see, mantling over Tony as he reached out, touching the soft, thin scales to make sure.  "Tell me about the stars," Steve said, blocking Tony from view of what remained of Hydra.
"Yeah," Tony said, his voice a little shaky, but his warm eyes determined.
He was still smarting from the reposts, and he hadn't really uploaded any new art or checked Tumblr either.  He kept drawing, because it gave his hands something to do while Sam still hadn't reported in and Tony was missing their weekly lunch because he was on another continent for business.  It made focusing harder though, because every line reminded him of how much it'd hurt.
Wait, that actually worked?
"You'd really rather..." Steve started to say, then stopped.  "I don't like that part of me any more than you do."
"It is, damn it!" Tony said, punching the ground.  "JARVIS, play the video again."
"I'm wearing a long-sleeved shirt," Tony said, tugging off his suit jacket with as little space as possible between them to conserve the warmth he was about to lose.  "You've got no sleeves at all."
A new sob tore at her chest.  She had to be silent or Leo or Susan would hear, and that was the last thing she wanted.  If they heard, they would ask why she was crying, and she couldn't-
Tony sighed.  One afternoon for himself wouldn't hurt, right?
"He's got a wound in his stomach, possibly blood in his lungs.  I think the claw hit high enough to puncture one of them," Steve said, his mental voice close.  Tony had meant to say something to Steve before he died.  His thoughts were swimming too badly to remember what it was.
"Knowing that one of my best friends is sweet on me isn't my problem?" Steve asked.
"We should be getting back," Tony said, abruptly changing the subject.
"A memory," Wanda said.  "The mural shows a history of this clan, and that was a whisper from centuries ago of your time."
A click came from the altar and Tony grinned.  "I told you," he said, stepping away from the wall.  He pushed the altar forward, then pulled it back when it didn't give.  The latter worked and revealed a menacing-looking staircase that went down underneath the temple.  "Yay!  Secret passage!"
'Call blocked' read the blocky letters on the tablet, Latveria in smaller letters to denote the call's destination.  "I thought Doom was working with us?" Steve asked.
Natasha shot a glare at the illusion, which Tony was definitely not looking at.  "He did die for a while on the operating table, and when this is over, I'm sure there will be a long conversation about privacy issues and things you shouldn't hack into, especially while on an active battle ground," Natasha said, but she didn't sound angry.  "But the serum managed to get a strong enough hold eventually.  It was probably pretty soon after you were taken out."
"You think they'd tell me I can't go somewhere?" Fury said, raising his eyebrows.  "Or that I'd give them a choice?"
"In my defense, you were dead when the future me designed it," Tony said.
He slid behind her on his bed and started to knead her shoulders, and she sighed, relaxing into his grip.  Steve had learned a lot about massage from a few of the USO girls when one of them pulled a muscle, and he didn't regret the knowledge.  Natasha groaned.  "I'm supposed to be helping you with your date," she said, shivering when his fingers dug into her back.
"Jacques and Jim are out for the count, but they'll be okay with a bit of rest.  Dum Dum and Gabe are working together now.  Not as smoothly, but they're giving the hydra hell all the same.  Peggy says Sharon is fighting beautifully and we've trained her well.  There are four heads left.  I think we've got this on the ropes," Sam said, nostrils flaring.
had to go fight elsewhere and it was loud and there were robots, and he only taught me fighting since there wasn't enough time so I didn't know how to actually
The sound of bullets ricocheting off the armor reminded him of his other problem.  He fired a low powered blast at Viper, but the ground shook again and threw them both off balance.
"Hey, take it easy," Cap said, no longer next to Leon, but kneeling in front of him.  Leon froze as Cap started to massage the swollen muscles.  "You're pushing it too much."
"Who says?" Tony muttered under his breath.
"People keep telling me that," Tony said, watching Peggy perform a flip in mid-air.  "I haven't really done anything though."
is still operational," Steve said, motioning to the death trap.
"It's not every day we get to see a human dance!" Sharon said, laughing at his sigh.
The ground shook violently, like it had with the hydra coming to the surface.  Was there a third?  Tony didn't have time to think as he was knocked into Steve and he heard Viper scream.  "As you humans say, go to Hell!" Steve said, the flame dying from his throat.  The smell of burning flesh was nauseating, and Tony was a little glad he couldn't regain his footing to look.
"Whoa there, sport," Tony said, catching Leon before he fell over.  It almost distracted Steve from the blush creeping up Susan's cheeks.
With a bill of (mostly) full health, Tony
"Humans are too stringy."
"You fall into my traps so easily, Mr. Stark."
The sting jarred Steve out of his passiveness and he knocked Tony's hand away.  "We need to talk."
Steve couldn't help the small smile that tugged at his lips.  One crisis averted for now.  While he definitely understood Tony's feelings, they couldn't afford to risk the kids by going off half-cocked.
Iron Man's shoulders slumped and he apparently found Steve's feet much more interesting than his eyes.  "It's...  more complicated than that."
"Huh.  At least it works for someone," Iron Man said, face plate tilted downward.
Steve wasn't a hero.  He couldn't save Tony from himself or the bottle, couldn't arrest those men without killing them.  He also didn't think he'd mind much if his virtue weren't intact when he went for his morning ride, but that was probably a thought best saved for when he hadn't been drinking.  He was, thankfully, still clear-headed enough to recognize that.
Steve brought his shield up again as Doom's hand went to the controls on his wrist, but only a projection shot out.  It was Tony.
"Ma'am?"
Neither of them had really slept the whole flight, which just left Steve crankier.  They hadn't parted on the best terms either, with Tony rushing off and leaving Steve the second they got back to the Tower.
"Not saying I'm agreeing about the love thing, but why?" Steve asked.  "Tony is..."  Out of Steve's league, that's for certain.  There was no way Tony would go for a kid from Brooklyn, much less someone as stuck in the past as Steve was.
Cap sighed, rubbing his forehead absently.  "Tony was right.  It's me, isn't it?"
"Thanks, J.  Memory jogged," Tony said.  He slid the phone back across the table to Steve.
"To get more, you have to agree to let me take you on a date," Steve said, improvising.  He was definitely going to google kissing tips when he got home that night.
Tony looked back at Steve with a ghostly smile that worried him.  "I figure we can eat the cake upstairs with the others."
"I..." Leo said, and he looked dangerously close to tears.  "I'm not much beyond the shield, so I..."
"Metal doesn't bother me, and it's definitely not magic.  This is all science."
His heart rate spiked as he looked around for the threat and saw nothing.  Tony's voice came from the kitchen, too low for Steve to hear over the pounding in his ears.  He wasted no time, jumping over the couch and racing there.  "What's wrong?  Are you-"
"Yeah, that?  That's not convincing at all, Pinocchio.  I told you, you're a terrible liar," Tony said, and Steve could hear him gulp over the sound of his own heart.  "Is it okay if I touch you?  You won't attack me or whatever because you're still high-strung, will you?"
"I too have noticed a disturbing lack of diversity in the toys for these movies," T'Challa said, startling them all.  Steve breathed a sigh of relief, turning to look as the Black Panther walked forward in full uniform.  T'Challa was a voice of reason.  "Perhaps I should join you in your endeavors as well."
"Just give it a shot," Sam said, clapping his shoulder. "You never know until you try. Worst case, people might actually like you."
"I walked it off."
This was a private conversation, Steve realized.  Really private.  His mother, bless her, would have boxed his ears for listening in.  He should stand up or cough, or do something to alert the two men that he was there.
"Fights and all," Steve said softly.  "Because right now it's killing me more that I don't have the right to hold you any more, knowing it was my fault."
Tony did seem to remember something about that from the story of the Lernaean Hydra.  That didn't mean he liked the reminder.  He fired at the head he'd blinded, three sharp blasts from the repulsors that cut through the neck while Steve kept it distracted.  Then he tackled the head that was trying to spit poison at Steve as the dragon breathed fire on the neck.
Tony pulled away only enough to see Steve's eyes open, then he flung his arms around Steve's neck and held him tightly.  "Don't scare me like that," Tony said, barely able to form the words.
Steve swallowed, stepping away from the glass and forcing back the emotions with an iron fist as he scrambled to regain control.  He couldn't be seen like this.
"I don't...  After all I've done..." Kes started to say.
He felt the hairs on the back of his neck stand up as he moved closer.  There were no decorations ornamenting the stone, nothing but the skull.  He glanced around again looking for any sign of life, but there was none.  He looked back at the skull, feeling irresistibly drawn closer.
"And you should try to heal yourself," Tony replied, but he pulled back.  He missed the view of the forest already.  Tony felt a slight headache and momentary dizziness, but it had been worth it.
"It's nothing," Tony insisted.
"If I must."  Steve leaned into the touch once more before resting again.  "The stars better be all you've made them out to be, Mister.  I've been waiting... so long to..."
Fear was an emotion Tony understood far too well.  Logical arguments didn't always work against it.  "Alright," he said, figuring he could deal with that later.  "I won't tell them.  I promise.  But how did you get down here?"
"Just not good at hiding either, are you?" Tony said, examining the altar.  He ran his hand along the metal, then blew the dust off his gauntlet.  Viper was terrible at dusting.  Bending down to check under the altar garnered him some laughing from Steve, which he figured he deserved after laughing at Steve getting stuck in the tree.  In his defense, he never actually took the suit with him to explore temples.
"I am Kang.  I have come from the future to eliminate you, the man who should not exist in this time."
Steve's hands were resting on his chest as his eyes slid closed in pleasure with Tony's fingers in his hair.  He let out a small whine when Tony stopped, opening his eyes when Tony claimed one of his hands.  "Tony?"
It wasn't condescending, but Tony bristled anyway.  "Because I was monitoring him!" Tony said, opening his eyes to glare at Natasha.  She was right in front of him, worry in her eyes.  He didn't want her worry.  "I saw it, alright?  They tried to revive him, but it didn't work!  Doctor Iverson called it.  He's dead.  I don't..."  He didn't know which was worse: waking up to find Steve gone or this nightmare where people pretend his illusions were real.
"That was..." Steve said, looking a little stunned.  His fingers went up to his lips like he almost couldn't believe it had happened.  It was surprisingly endearing and Tony allowed himself to feel a little smug.  "Was that a yes?"
"No.  If you want to say something, say it when we're not dying."  Not that it was possible they'd be found in time.  Unless the blizzard abated and Tony somehow found the energy to go out for firewood and start a fire, there wasn't much of a chance he would survive.  The blizzard howled around them outside the cave and the snow was too thick.  The armor wasn't responding, and he knew search parties wouldn't make it through the storm.  Statistically speaking, his chances weren't good.
"Hang on, Miss Potts.  Remember what Jarvis said, nice and easy."
"It'd be real swell if you could," Steve said, and he didn't sound too sarcastic about it either.
* * *
"Does that mean you're done sulking?" Clint asked, receiving an affectionate cuff from Thor.
She had found them.  She could keep the twins safe.
"Is this where you put it?" Stark asked.  "Honestly, sugar plum, I didn't know it was-"
It was dark, so he couldn't actually see, but Tony was pretty sure Steve was frowning at him.  "You need it more than I do," Steve said.
Steve shrugged.  "I've dealt with him in a mood before."
He got strong anger in reply.  Tony pressed his lips together, forcefully pushing the hurt down.  It was his pain, not Steve's, this time.  The nagas had been pressing Steve's wounds earlier, but now Tony could feel the bindings falling off Steve.  It hurt to spread his wings, but he spread them threateningly.
"Have you told the rest of the team about who he is?" Rhodey asked finally, his voice a little stronger.
"We can't, remember?  I think we also don't hold on to them as long as dragons do.  At least, not for some things."  He leaned against Steve's flank, pressing his forehead into the dragon's shoulder.  That feeling terrified him more than he would have thought possible.  If he couldn't fix this...
Tony gestured with his free hand, motioning to the machine.  Steve looked over to see that it was completed now, silver and menacing.  He felt his stomach drop out from under him.  The other eight Tonys...   They fixed things, didn't they?  "You're not dead," Steve said in a rush.
"Looks like some gossip rag," Steve said, shaking his head.  He hoped it wasn't true.  He had only met Mr. Stark in passing at a few charity events, despite the fact that he generously gave money to the Avengers.  Usually all of their contact came through Iron Man, but Steve hadn't been very pleased with what he read about the man in SHIELD's files.
"What?" Steve asked.
"Never mind," Tony said, waving it off.  "Can you tell me how to get down without killing myself?"
* * *
"Who showed it to you, SHIELD?" Tony asked, frowning slightly like he was trying to puzzle something out. "Never mind. Of course it was. They probably just opened up Microsoft Paint and told you to draw. Idiots."
"I resent that," Tony said cheerfully.
Iron Man chuckled.  "That's an outrageous lie, Shellhead.  Just ask Natasha."
Tony stared at the dragon crystals that were just starting to glow in the distance, reminding Tony of the lights in New York.  "Where do you get those crystals?" he asked, thinking to the small crystal in his pocket that he'd taken from the cavern ceiling.  It glowed a little as long as he left it out in the moss light, but no where near as big or as bright as some of the ones he'd seen in the dragon dwellings.
"It's just a headache," Tony said, opening his eyes again.  This time the light didn't hurt, but the headache didn't leave.
* * *
"Iron Man, stand down," Steve said, understanding his frustration but the last thing they needed was to have a spat on the battlefield.  Iron Man always got touchy when it came to other people using Stark Tech, and if those robots were anything to go by, he could see why.  But now wasn't the time to lose their heads.  "Thor?"
"I'll believe you," Rhodey said.
Pushing buttons, Steve reminded himself, keeping his hands from balling up in frustration.  He decided to start with the suspicion he had, rather than proof.  "You wouldn't cheat on Ms. Potts," he said, feeling pretty confident in that assertion now that he was actually thinking about it and not reacting.  Nothing in the way Stark and Ms. Potts had interacted suggested a lack of trust cheating would cause.  There was frustration, sure, but of the fond sort.
Steve couldn't help but wonder if Iron Man had talked specifically about him.  He ducked his head, because of course not.  Iron Man didn't feel the same.  Steve wouldn't exactly be opposed if Tony had been asking about him though.  The food was nice, and it woke him up the rest of the way.
Tony nodded, not saying anything more.  Steve didn't know how long the hospital staff would let them stay, but he wasn't going to leave Tony alone if he could help it.  He looked like a ghost, and he wasn't the one lying in a hospital bed.
"I don't want to interrupt," Steve said, looking between him and Ms. Potts.  He didn't know how well his questions would go over with Ms. Potts here as well.  It might put her in danger if she was also in the dark.
"Steve!"
As the silence wore on though, Steve felt his curiosity get the better of him.  "Is Iron Man around?" he asked hesitantly, not looking at the armor strewn around the ground.  Thinking about that too long unsettled him, even if he knew his friend wasn't actually in the suit and the armor was just bits of machinery.
Cap looked concerned, but this wasn't a topic she could talk about with Cap.  She didn't know what else to say, however, which lead to an uncomfortable silence.
Steve started, turning to see Stark hidden in a corner next to the door.  He looked pale and drawn, though much cleaner than the last time Steve had seen him and now in the bespoke suit he was expecting.  He sat apart from the bed rather than next to it, but his eyes never left the face of the man in the bed.  The baseline anger Steve had been stewing suddenly cooled and Steve almost didn't know how to react.
"Is Tony blushing?" Steve asked, interest and curiosity in his eyes.  "I must be dreaming."
"Thanks, Thor," Steve said.  He slumped down on the couch as Clint made room for him, and Thor put his arm around Steve's shoulders again.  He'd admit, being wedged between the two Avengers was nice.
"Phew, Cap.  Hit the showers recently?" Clint asked, waving a hand in front of his nose.
keep secrets," Tony said, feeling Steve's fear and surprise at that.  "If you knew all of this was coming, why didn't you say anything?  You could have warned me about Viper, or-"
Tony turned back over to face Jarvis, seeing the honesty in his eyes.  Tony swallowed hard and blinked a few times.  It wasn't complete acceptance, but it was a step up from the last time they'd had this conversation and that meant a lot.  Maybe one day...  "Jarvis, I..."
"Do you like fresh basilisk with herbs?" Steve said, regaining some of his humor.
"I live deep in the forest," the woman said.  "I hide from them because they are monsters, no better than the rest that live here!  But I saw you come in and tame them.  I waited until they were gone to try to speak with you."
"It was my fault," Tony said.  He couldn't handle getting everyone around him killed.  He almost
He took a halting step forward, looking around in wonder.  There was a city in the distance, which could be what Hydra was after.  The thought made his blood run cold despite the heat of the jungle.  For him to have fallen down here, Hydra couldn't have been too far from finding it before the cave in.  The thought of Hydra with their tanks and guns down here, destroying everything in sight that wasn't a weapon...  It was all too easy to picture.
only rocks.  None of them looked even remotely dragon-like.  The mural was gone as well.  It was just an empty dead end of a cave.  "He was here," Tony said.  "He was
"But come on, I'd look amazing in this!" Jan said, holding up the design she'd been working on throughout Steve's stirring speech.
"The power needed to heal my wounds would kill me, and the metal poisoning is what will kill me faster any way," Steve said.  "But I can heal your heart before I go."
"Tony."
He laughed again, high and bitter with a touch of hysteria.  "And even now I'm terrified of doing it.  What kind of coward does that make me, huh?  I never was much of a hero.  All I wanted to do was fix my mistakes, but I just fuck things up more."
"You can?" Steve asked, looking at the suit for the first time with interest rather than disdain.
"Is he giving you problems?"
For a mechanical suit of armor, Iron Man was very expressive.  Still, Steve was a little surprised to see Iron Man jump at the sound of his voice.  "Winghead," Iron Man said, turning to face him.  "Sorry.  Did I wake you when I walked by?"
"Steve," he gasped.  Viper was going to kill them all to wake this monster of hers.  He didn't know how, but he had to warn them.  He couldn't just die here.  This was all his fault.
The sergeant escorted him up to the third floor and a nurse pointed him the rest of the way.  He opened the door cautiously, stepping in to see a black man lying on the bed.  He was bandaged up and had all sorts of machines hooked up to him that Steve didn't need to know their purpose to guess it was serious.  He swallowed and sent a quick prayer for his recovery.
That could wait though, when they weren't still smarting.  Steve pulled Tony down on the couch with him, and he went willingly.  Tony tucked himself neatly against Steve's side, head resting on Steve's shoulder in a way that made it difficult to see his eyes.  Still hiding them, Steve supposed.  He couldn't really blame Tony for that.
Tony turned on the flame thrower, not thinking about how Steve often used the same claws to pet his hair.  The severed neck sizzled as Tony kept up the flame, Steve clawing at the remaining eye on the other head to keep it from attacking Tony.
Jarvis had all kinds of rules when Tony was growing up.  With his mother taken by consumption when he was a child, Jarvis raised him after his father....  Well, Jarvis had a lot of rules.  One of them was never drop a gun.  When loaded, it's dangerous.  When empty, it was still potentially useful to the enemy, or could be used as a blunt object.  That was the rule, simple and concise, and Tony saw it as pretty decent common sense.  It was one rule he always followed.
"Still here," Tony said, feeling how cold Steve felt.  He could also feel all of Steve's aches, the bullet hole in his wing and the stab wound from the naga's fangs in his shoulder.  The muzzle was gone, which relieved Tony so much that he wondered if it wasn't partially Steve's feeling.  He didn't like the thought of Steve with a muzzle.
Tony was awfully glad it was dark, because he couldn't fight down the blush.  "You can go to the library and look up the stars yourself," Tony muttered.
Tony didn't speak.  Instead, he leaned over, ignoring how the movement reminded him he hadn't taken any pain killers since the last time he woke up.  Steve caught sight of the movement, worry replacing the melancholy.  "Tony, you shouldn't-"
"Tony-"
"Fine," Tony said, shaking his head as he scrolled through various shipment manifests.  Now that they had the twins, they could try to get in touch with the resistance again, this time with more security for the-
He'd been trying to avoid that word, thanks.  He felt a subdued amusement and brief wave of comfort through the bond that Tony wasn't entirely comfortable with.  Everything in this room stank of magic and he really missed hard science.
It might just be the reminder that Iron Man's loyalty to Stark was more important than his relationship with Steve that was bothering him.  Maybe
Looking at the clock told him it was way too early for his run, too early for him to even move from his bed really, but he hated sticky sheets.  Once he had changed them, he was already awake and a bit hungry, if grouchy about it.  He pulled out his tablet, figuring he might as well read a bit.  It might calm his mind, and it would definitely distract him from thinking about how much experience Tony had.
"I thought Agents of S.H.E.E.P. was clever," Steve said with a sly smile.
"It's your turn to deal with his sulking," Sam said cheerfully before Tony could ask what Steve was scared of, because now that she mentioned it, he could feel the underlying emotion through Steve's presence in his mind.  "I took care of the last couple of times.  It's now someone else's problem."
to stand down.  She wanted that badly.  She was scared, and she could see Shadow1's face in perfect detail as she was buried under the landslide, down to the fear in her eyes as she called out for Susan to help.  It was so easy to imagine Kes or Leo there as well.  If she failed...
Steve almost couldn't hear what Tony said next, because it certainly wasn't meant for Steve's ears, but even pitched that low the serum made up for the distance.
"Think my leg got broken on the way down," Steve said, his voice quiet and low like he was finally making an effort to sound normal once anyone showed even a speck of worry.
"Because it's my fault, not yours!" Tony said.  "I'm the one who has to fix this.  No one else should die because of my mistakes and I won't-"
He looked up to find Steve stretched out on one of the highest rock formations, soaking up the light of the moss and generally pretending to ignore Tony.  Emphasis on pretending, because Tony could definitely feel the curiosity rolling off of Steve even with the suit on.
Steve was going to try to sit up again - damn it, he knew he shouldn't have had that drink.  It wasn't beyond Tony to have planned this, either - but Tony's hand moved to his hair where he resumed petting Steve.  "Not a dog," Steve said, but he leaned into Tony's hand.  "Not a hero, neither.  Just doing what I have to."
"You mistake Doom's words for petty condolences.  My family suffered under German rule and I know better than you what horrors Hydra planned," Doom said.  "And I have come to fulfill my side of our bargain, so you would do well to respect my words."
"Your meeting with Stark over already?" she asked with a wince.
Fury shook his head.  "I can have those pictures removed."
"I will tear the Skrulls apart," Tony replied, anger finally surfacing.  "There won't be anything left of them when I'm through."
Steve didn't have time to marvel at a computer program that could sound like that.  "Take me down to the workshop now," he said before the elevator doors closed.
"We're getting you out of here," Rhodey said, gathering Tony up in his arms rather than seeing if Tony could stand.  Tony would normally be offended by a bridal carry, but he was being moved away from-
he'd been lied to.  Awed that this man who had been dismissed by everyone had been saving them all along.  Angry at himself for being one of those people when he should have known better, considering how often he'd been dismissed himself before the serum.
Then there was a hand running through his hair and that was nice.  The warmth slipped away while he was distracted though, and Steve might have whined.
"That one was my fault," Tony said with a shrug.  "I should have at least taken off the helmet."
"You-"
"You've really never seen them?  Never snuck up to the outside world to look?" Tony asked, surprised in spite of himself.  The gate Tony had come through had been small, but surely the dragons could go up top in other ways if they wanted to.
"Back down from what?" Tony asked, hissing himself when shifting jostled his arm.  The tail around his waist curled tighter, leaving him with limited mobility.
Do you ever stop to think to talk to strangers first, rather than attacking them?"
"It's me," Susan said. "We got you out, you and Leo.  Tony said he followed the clues you left.  It's... It's really me."
"Ha ha," Clint said, eyes quickly moving over the text.  "Tell her we don't know about the sex, but the bottles are true."
Tony blinked as Steve moved away, his heart pounding and his breathing faster than it should be.  "You hate it when I offer to take you."
"We can talk more when you get back, okay, sweetheart?" Tony said, his voice promising hugs that Susan desperately wanted right now.  "But we gotta check the train before reinforcements come.  The train is shielded from the kind of teleport they used to get Kor'la'vin out, but the fact that she was gone so quickly means it was either automatic or someone must be watching.  Either way, they know to send in the Calvary now."
, Doom and Gloom, Tony said, gesturing vaguely to the black-lit device.
"I'm still the same me," Steve said, leaning against the wall casually.
Stubborn bastard.
"He's right," Leo said.
Peggy lowered her eyelids in an expression that felt like a frown.  She didn't say anything, however, leading him into the building.  He was grateful for the walking stick now, as dragon buildings were huge and probably required a lot of walking.
"Who?"
He chuckled softly, looking at what he could see of the cavern ceiling over Steve's wing.  The moss was just starting to glow, but Steve had shifted in his sleep, covering more of Tony than normal so it was hard to get a good view.  Tony reached out and ran his hand over the wing in front of him, oddly soothed at the motion.
He smiled as he reopened his eyes.  Sharon and Peggy touched their wings together, not looking at him.   "You got one of those miracle cures for my ribs too?" Tony asked, getting the impression they were talking about him.
Susan took one last look at Kes and Leo before taking a deep breath and setting Kes down.  She could do this.  She had to get them out of here.
me... We are not talking about this now," Tony said, barely containing his fury.
He didn't fight the hands that were wrapping around his waist and pulling him back.  Slowly he became aware of Tony yelling, "-reckless
She took off in the air without further warning, her powerful legs springing her upward and her wings taking care of the lift.  Tony clutched at the spike in front of him as his stomach dropped out.
The strangest thing was that Tony could
Tony remembered the IV just before he tried waving Steve off.  He settled for glaring at the IV instead.  "No harm, no foul, Cap.  You did what you had to."
The ride was full of the sergeant's nervous babbling, which Steve nodded and smiled at all of the right points for.  It reminded him a little of Coulson, which at least took away some of the awkwardness, even if it was replaced by sorrow.  It was hot, but the car had working AC and Steve couldn't complain.
"Yeah?"  Tony looked up.  Steve was looking at him, and he slowly moved forward, telegraphing his movements.  Tony nodded, then Steve moved closer, his cheek brushing against Tony's.
Clint shrugged.  "I was flipping channels and Thor wanted to watch.  Not my thing, but not bad considering.  Pity Natasha's not here.  She likes watching it."
"Fine and dandy, Capsicle.  But I have more important things to deal with so you're going to have to reschedule this chat so I can ignore it at another time," Stark said, not looking at Steve as he walked.
"I thought that was your job.  No more super villains or villainesses allowed," Tony said.  "You've fallen down on your duty to keep me from them."
"Let's see what kinky things make a national icon blush," Tony said, hacking Steve's phone with a depressingly fast amount of speed.
"I'm no good at this dating stuff."  Steve looked away and out the window, a sad smile on his face.  "But I'd like to give it a shot.  What do you think?  Still want to bury it again?"
"You deserved to vote, felon or no," Tony said swiftly.  "I merely added your vote in.  Steve would totally approve it if weren't... ya know, slightly dangerous.  And highly illegal.  More the slightly dangerous bit though."
"Bullies don't change, Captain," Stark said, his eyes cold.  "And when they break your nose and you go home only to get backhanded for starting a fight you couldn't win, you stop fighting them."
"Go to sleep, Steve.  Injustice will still need fighting tomorrow," Tony huffed.
Getting on the plane was easy, thankfully.  Natasha promised to come back for his bike and once he'd snuck on, it was just a long wait for the ride to end.  Getting out, on the other hand, was more difficult.
"I can see the inside of your machine," Steve said, his voice awed.  "It's not what I expected.  It seems so... small in there."
A lot of things suddenly seemed possible with Steve.
"Those sound fast," Steve said, a hint of a frown in his voice.  "I want a song that's nice and slow for our first dance under the stars.  I wanna see them properly."
The thought of Peggy set Steve doubly wrong-footed.  It hit him sharply how he missed her laugh, and he had to close his eyes a moment to push it away.  Tony didn't need his problems as well.
"Human names for the poor human to say," Peggy said, amusement lacing her tone.  "Do you like it?  I picked it out just for you."
He was answered when the third head spat at him again, a purple, venomous-looking substance that seemed to be the hydra equivalent to dragon fire.  "Poison," Steve replied, swooping out of the way of the teeth.
He triangulated the sound of the voice and aimed automatically, but he didn't see anyone.  His fingers tightened around the gun.  "Who's there?"
, do you know what happens if you go through there?!"
Tony didn't allow himself time to marvel at the fact he'd just shot a
Carefully, because his ribs still hurt, Tony put his walking stick down and stood up.  His foot felt fine.  "I'll be damned," Tony said, breathing out in a rush, which hurt, but there were more important things to focus on.
"Why?" Tony asked.  "You're still angry at me."
"Right."
"It was more rhetorical than anything," Steve explained.  He didn't understand it, but he did know some of the reasons people would steal the drawings.  Attention, mistaken sense of doing the artist a
, so don't fool around with it.  You only need Cap in the final fight.  Every other version of me has tried telling someone, and they failed to save Steve.  Then they died too.  But you and me, we know how to beat this.  I did it, and so can you.
"You have to return to the War."
"The others are more than used to your sulking, Captain," Vision said reassuringly.  "I'm sure they don't mind."
"Still not impressed.  Not efficient.  And I know a thing or two about cocoons.  You aren't half as special as you think you are."  Tony was walking along the smaller hedges, looking at the flowers.  In the dying sunlight, Tony looked warm and open despite the mock scowl on his face.  His smile seemed softer, and it looked like there was dirt on his hands and knees.  This was a new side of Tony he hadn't seen, and Steve was willing to watch a little while longer.
"Yup.  You've got a package in your room from Mr. Stark.  Updated uniform.  Looks just the same as before but with better protection.  Should be able to withstand alien blasts now."
The suit calculated the speed and distance faster than she could, and she set a timer.  Taking a deep breath as it slowly crept closer, she listened to the servos click quietly as she moved away from the cliff face.  When it was 300 meters away, she took off.
enough.  He had Iron Man's trust, which meant as much as his love, friendly or otherwise.  So Steve ate his hot dogs and leaned against the solid and steady back of Iron Man's shoulders.  When he heard the mechanical sound again, he summoned up the best smile he could.  "Finished already, Shellhead?"
Wanda didn't speak, but she looked at Tony who was struggling to stand with his hand on Steve's flank.  Steve immediately curled his tail at Tony's feet, looking helplessly at him, then back to the fight.
"A kid from Brooklyn who is also a movie star in his own right," Natasha pointed out.  "Didn't you ever meet any movie stars when you were on the screen?"
"Where the hell were you?" Tony asked.  "You were the one who told me to wait till morning, what did you - How did you end up so cold?"
This time Steve flushed.  "They were being bullies," he said mulishly.  "If they have freedom of  speech to bad-mouth him, I'm free to have my own opinion."
Tony's eyes slowly adjusted to the little light to be had, slowly taking in that they were, in fact, in a cave.  If he hadn't already been shivering, he would have shuddered.  He was almost glad of the cold for that, because Steve was pressed up against him in what Tony assumed was an effort to conserve body heat.  They were on the ground, curled up together with what had to be the remains of a parachute thrown on top of them.  Tony felt a familiar, unhappy pang, but he pushed that to the side.  Not the time, nor the place.
"Artists have to make a living just as much as the next S.H.I.E.L.D. agent, sir," Steve said.  "They deserve to be paid for their work."
"If I can find him," Steve said, standing as well.  He went to his bag to fish out the tape and started to wrap his knuckles.  "Stay in contact.  I'll let you know if there's anything on my end."
"That doesn't surprise me," Tony said.  He'd seen how many reprimands Steve had in his folder and Tony was pretty sure Steve wasn't sorry for any of them.  Still, he'd like to talk to Wanda and the others when he got the chance.  He owed them a lot.  "I take it you've already seen the stars?"
"Yes, Sir," Steve said, sitting a little straighter.
"What's wrong?" Kor'la'vin asked, somewhere to the right.  "Can't you hit me?"
"You're thinking of someone else.  I'm not-"
Tony shuddered at the mention of the last human, thinking back to Steve's nightmare.  "What you see is what you get, I'm afraid."
in a way that Steve longed for.  More than the way things used to be, Steve missed that sense of home.
Steve smiled at her, almost forgetting the scenery behind him as he took a sip of the coffee she'd given him.  It was just how he liked it, and it warmed up his hands.  He was pathetically grateful for that.
"This is about
, Tony's mind supplied.  Of course Steve wouldn't want that regret again.  "Even with the fights?" Tony asked.  Because they had been so good, that first month before everything backfired after a bad mission.  But Tony wasn't sure he could handle having all of that if only to have it taken away again.
"Tony!" Steve yelled.
"He's still warm," Steve said, focusing on that fact like it was a life line.  "Time has stopped for him.  Ms. Potts said the doctors consulted with Jane and Bruce, but there's no way to know how long it could take before we figure out how to start time up again for Tony.  They'll probably move him back to the Tower this evening, since there's nothing they can do here.  Even an IV doesn't work."
"Happy, this is Captain America.  Of course he's authorized to be here," Iron Man said, something in his voice telling Steve that he was trying not to laugh.
that bad.  He knew Iron Man well enough now to know the things people said
"To think, you would destroy the world if you kept living," Kang said, his voice low.  "I expected more of a fight, even from a Neanderthal."
Kes was lying on her side, her hair fanned out on the table.  Some of it barely hid the bruise on her cheek.  Her face was tilted to the side, baring the horrific bruises on her neck.  She was still beautiful, even in the grungy blue clothes that had to have been from the Skrulls.
Steve huffed, feeling warmed by the words.  He might be the one who potentially destroys the world, but if Iron Man said he had a place by his side, then Steve was willing to work for it.
"It's my pleasure, Captain America!" she said with a large grin.  Then she turned to Stark.  "And no bonuses.  This is a favor, Mr. Stark.  I will be checking my account religiously, I swear to God.  My mother thinks I'm sleeping with you every time you put more in and I don't need more hints to make an honest man out of you.  You pay me enough."
"You don't have to-" Leon said, not quite able to bring himself to say 'massage'.  A massage by Captain America.
* * *
A sob broke through before Steve managed to pack it away.  Tony was babbling, the constant sound anchoring Steve more than the individual words did.  It covered the sound of the train and the howling of the wind.  The sound of Bucky's scream.
"May you what?" Tony asked, baffled by her seeking permission to name herself.  She quite frankly didn't seem like the type.
"What
hand.  "We - Look out!"
That didn't stop the worried looks that his team gave him over his head.  Clint and Bruce were the worst about it, but even Thor was touching him more often if just to reassure Tony.  They seemed surprised by his quiet mood, but Tony didn't feel up to acting like things were normal.  How
"Will be out soon," Peggy said grimly.  "We're waiting for it on the eastern plains."
"I wish to name the others," she said, and he could sense a mischievous glint to her thoughts.
"So I'm sneaking aboard the plane?" he asked, rushing to the kitchen to grab a few protein bars and MREs.  It was going to be a long flight, and he had to be ready for anything when he got there.
"Thank you," Tony said, his voice thick.  "I don't know what to make of this 'bond'.  It's... not what I expected."
Jarvis ruffled his hair.  "And not everything's your own fault either, lad.  You're no Atlas, even if you try to put the world on your shoulders every chance you get."
"Sounds good," Steve said, burying his face against Tony's neck as a small shudder went through him.  "And no more caves."
Tony swallowed, his voice thick.  "Zemo-"
"I thought..." Tony started hesitantly.  "I thought you liked Iron Man."
Tony flinched at the loud thump he couldn't see.  He supposed part of his problem was that the fighting looked too real, and he'd seen so much fighting recently that the dragons had been a bit of a relief.  Still, hearing Steve's smug voice say "Got you," relaxed something in Tony.  He could now feel both Sam and Steve as a presence in his mind, and he wondered if the dragons built up their own mental walls for fighting.
They sat in silence for a while after that as Rhodey grieved and wrestled back control over his emotions.  Steve didn't say anything, though he felt like he should offer some kind of comfort.  He didn't know what to say though, and any words he tried fell unspoken, too much for his thick tongue to navigate.  Iron Man was...
was the one being jealous.
It was dark inside.  He was glad for the little crystal that had charged in the morning's light, because while he'd made some headway in night vision and thermographic technology, it still didn't beat normal light.  He carried a moss lamp as well, which he lit and got a better look at the interior of the temple.
Steve was told to stay off the clean-up detail and rest.  He wasn't happy about that, or about being packed up and sent home.  He also wasn't happy about Thor returning to the Tower alone without Iron Man.  Steve looked down at his phone, debating his next course of action.
"We weren't like that," Tony said, still wondering as to how they all seemed to know Steve.
"And I'm right," Steve said, rejoining the conversation.  "But let's pretend for Tony this time, because he makes good lasagna when he doesn't burn it."
The blue dragon reared back, but Tony forced his gun arm down.  He closed his eyes as he tried to calm his racing heart. "Sorry," Tony said, waiting for the pump to regulate his heartbeats once again.  "I...  It's not a good idea to sneak up on me.  I've seen too much fighting recently."
"You do," Clint interrupted.  "Trust me on this, Cap.  You're driving everyone nuts."
Tony took that as a sign the conversation was over.  He woke up the tablet and hit replay, ignoring Steve entirely.  He didn't need to be told Steve didn't love him.  He knew that.  He'd looked.  As long as Steve didn't send him away, he could deal with that, bury it deep again and pretend Steve had never noticed.  Even if he couldn't be the one for Steve, he could still try his damnedest to make Steve happy.
Leon wasn't sure how to respond.  If this was the real Captain America, then....
"Steve,"  he coughed.  The claw was coming down again.  "I-"
"That was too easy," she said finally as she landed, watching the train warily.  The bruises she felt screamed otherwise, but she knew if Kes and Leo were on that train, there had to be something more.
Brown eyes widened fractionally as they met Steve's, lost and broken in ways that terrified him.  There was an open pain to them that Tony had been hiding, raw and empty in a way that spoke of grief and loss.
"Is that the only reason?" Steve pressed.  "Because I'm willing to work with that."  It would be hard, living without being able to really touch Iron Man or to have that sort of intimacy for himself, but Steve was stubborn.  Iron Man was worth that, knowing his identity or not.  He knew enough about Iron Man to know he was a good man, and that was enough for Steve.
"It's easier to sense you now with the armor on," Steve said, though it was clear he still didn't like it.  "I think I could hear you now if you tried to speak to me mind to mind even if you're far off."
Tony couldn't be dead.
"Lots of things, sweetheart," Tony said... how weird was it that she was talking to a copy of her five-hundred-year-old great-grandfather?   "But at the moment, I'll settle for the reason my great-great granddaughter is crying."
"Hey, Cap.  Escaping the party already?"  Tony leaned over, critically taking one of the irises between his fingers as if he were looking for imperfections and not hiding his embarrassment.
* * *
"You a fan?" Steve asked as he entered the room. He couldn't quite bring himself to leave once he saw the red and gold armor.  Iron Man didn't quite have the same influence as Bucky, but he was good at calming Steve down, and Steve could use some calm after that dream, even if guilt for it made him hesitate.
"This will hurt by the way," Sam said, looking at Steve with a clear message to behave.
Steve bit his lip.  If he had a chance at this at all, it would have to be with Tony in the workshop.  He didn't have the technological expertise to get past JARVIS, and he doubted Clint or Natasha did either.  Someone at SHIELD could probably do it, but the last thing Steve wanted was to drag them into this.  "Could you let him know I'd like to come down and speak with him?"
He heated up the muffins and made coffee for himself, electing to try the Kona as well.  Once that was set, he took the elevator to the penthouse.
"I shall await your return," Viper said.  "Please, be careful of the dragons.  You shouldn't trust them."
"I should get started," Tony said, shoving the medkit at Steve.  "I'm-"
"Lot of things, Captain.  The important ones right now that he denied was at the scene to know certain things, and that he ran things by the book for that op."  Fury stood, going to stand by one of the paintings on the wall.  It was a modern art piece that Steve suspected Ms. Potts had chosen.  "But that was the problem.  Running it by the book backfired spectacularly."
"Do you think Iron Man-" Steve started, then stopped.  He swallowed hard, forcing down the bile that nearly overwhelmed him.
Steve wasn't part of the group.  He could be, but he still didn't know what he wanted to say to Tony.  He slipped away to the elevator, going down to the Avengers' common area to change.  He ended up grabbing his sketchbook instead of his gym bag and wound up at the door to Tony's workshop.  He needed to be on the plane to Latveria just in case Doom was lying, but part of him didn't want to leave the Tower now that Tony was awake.  Doom had said Natasha and Clint had been let go, and while he didn't trust Doom that much, he should at least give them some time to contact him so as not to antagonize Doom further if he were telling the truth.
* * *
Tony finally decided on rubbing Steve's cheek as the safest approach to avoid getting flamed.  He started to rub, then poked the dragon a few times.
"They will," Steve said, an arm sneaking around Tony's waist possessively.   Tony fought back a wince.
.  Rhodey-"
Steve peered at the screen as Thor led him to the couch with an arm around his shoulders, some of the nightmare finally getting soaked up by the Asgardian's easy comfort.  "Ballet?" Steve asked, eyebrow raised.
"Stay until he comes around," Steve pleaded, knowing how Tony could get when his temper got the better of him.  "We can take this slow, remember?  We'll make sure it doesn't happen again, but the kids need both of us right now."
Steve realized that was a wire he tripped too late.  "Bruce said he liked working with you," Steve said carefully.  "And Thor's a swell guy.  We can stay up here if you'd rather, but I know they'd like to see you as well."
Steve's hands twitched at his sides as his earlier anger found new release.  "I'm not spying for you to find out who Iron Man is."
Kes jumped at the feeling of a hand in her hair,looking up to see the AI of her ancestor, Tony Stark.  She hugged her pillow to her chest defensively.  "What do you want?" she asked through a sniffle.
Steve winced, but held on to his tray.  "I have a better idea what I'm getting myself into this time."
"About me," Steve said smugly, spinning them both around and rocking back.
Natasha nodded again.  She'd let Steve know, he was sure.  "You know what warms you up the best?" she asked.
"Kids these days.  No appreciation of the classics," Tony muttered, letting her pull away.  "Now, tell Grampa Tony what's wrong."
"Well, with an offer like that, who can refuse?" Tony teased, though there was a softness about his eyes that betrayed him.
"I'm still me," Steve said, frustrated.  "Well, as much of me as a hologram can be."
When he checked on his heart, it was working better than before, the tissue mostly healed around the metal.  He didn't dare bring it up, however, not when the others might tell him that it had always been like that.  Even the United Nations seemed better off than they had been when he went down, so why not his heart too?  They wouldn't believe him if he said Steve had healed it.
Mem: There were times when I was writing this part when I was like... Surely Tony would notice something a bit off about Viper.  Her name is
"Do you know what that thing was?' he asked, hoping to divert her fear.
It was worse than what Steve had been picturing.  He'd rather Tony had been making weapons again at Doom's insistence.  He couldn't...  Steve swallowed around the lump in his throat.  He couldn't lose Tony now.
"It won't be your fault, Steve," Natasha said with a shrug.  "Stark is exceptionally good at pressing buttons, and given that you were friends with his father, odds are he will try to push them."
"We'll stop the Skrulls, I promise," Cap said, then more gently, "And we'll get that leg of yours fixed up too.  It won't always hurt so much."
Tony closed his eyes.  He tried to control the shaking, but there was no stopping it.  "W-what-?"
Tony took a deep breath.  "I'm fine.  Just - warn a fella next time."
"Can we talk about something else?  It's depressing enough that you're shipping out tomorrow," Stark said.
Steve immediately backed off and Tony missed the warmth against his cheek and the calming caress against his thoughts.  He thought of walls, cold and steel reaching as high as the cavern ceiling.  Then he picked up his helmet and walked towards the gate.
Natasha nodded.  "Ah, that explains it."
Tony got a feeling.  Flashes of color - red, white, blue - art, and a glowing light spoken of only in legends.  The feeling of calm after the rain and the stubborn of a rock that refused to move.  Strangest of all, that brief mix of feeling felt like a
"Unless you're suddenly an expert on highly advanced robots that even Mr. Stark is having trouble with, then yes.  You want to be petty and jealous, fine, but I'm going with his orders at the moment.  Bye," Iron Man said, clicking off the com audibly.
* * *
at flying again.
The ground shook again and he could hear the screams of the gargoyles down below.  "
"I'd offer to set you up, but he wouldn't trust it from me," Natasha said, as if sensing his thoughts.  "Rhodey might be able to pull something off though.  He and Tony have been each other's wingmen in the past."
"Put on the suit and find out," Steve said, hardly recognizing his own voice.
Well, they wouldn't.  Tony took the cup, his hand trembling a little, but he refused to let Rhodey help him.  It was warm tea, no doubt one of Rhodey's concoctions.  It had honey though, enough to mask the taste of whatever he put in there, and Tony settled back after he finished it, allowing his eyes to close.
"Peachy," Tony said a little too quickly, and Cap didn't quite mask his hurt.
"It's... very invasive," Tony said thoughtfully.  "Like I know things I shouldn't, or that
"A time traveler from the future was trying to kill me, because he..."  Steve faltered, shaking his head.  "According to him, I'm responsible for destroying the world."  Steve still didn't know what to make of that.  Iron Man would know what to say to put him at ease, but he was...
And Tony laughed, because here he was on the ground with his holographic husband 500 years in the future adopting a group of heroic teenagers.  "We're okay," Tony said, smiling despite the fact he hadn't managed to stop crying.  "Don't worry, Rhodey, we're... Oh, come
"They aren't," Tony said, watching the dragon land.  For such large creatures, dragons were some of the most graceful he had ever seen.  Tony wasn't a biologist, but he didn't think he would ever get tired of watching them move.
"Stop," Steve said.  "You've already apologized.  And just because I'm angry doesn't mean I stop caring about you."
Finding nothing under it, he looked at the raised podium.  That was suspiciously less dusty, but there were no buttons on it.  Which meant something was moved from it.  Tony didn't particularly like the implications of that.  It usually meant someone had taken the treasure beforehand, and in this case, whatever 'treasure' that might be in here was potentially lethal.
"The record did not say what happened after.  It stopped when the spell was cast.  It is likely none of the dragons survived," Wanda replied.  "But the hydra will sleep, that much is certain.  And the ones who left the city will be safe."
"You're just as bad as Steve," Tony muttered, throwing up a course suggestion, which Susan followed.  It took her higher, and directly over the second artillery gun that she could take out easily.  The course took her through one of the blind spots so she only had to dodge one set of pulse cannons.
"You won't," Tony said, realizing with a start that he wasn't shivering as much.  That was a bad sign.  "Everyone will be there when you wake up.  Trust me, Cap.  They'll keep looking for you."
Probably, Tony realized with a wince.  The War was too important to ignore, and dragon society was practically a utopia right out of a science fiction novel.  He could only bitterly picture humanity as a corrupting influence.
"Okay," Rhodey said easily.  "Why don't you tell me what happened down there?"
He typed in the second site next, finding a more art-geared site. He didn't do a search this time, instead looking through some of the recommended pictures. Lots of people were commenting and saying how much they liked the art, which seemed nice. He went back to Tumblr and saw the notes on a few of the drawings. There were a lot more likes and reblogs, but some comments as well. Both sites looked like good networking and ways to showcase art, if in slightly different ways.
, who was likely caught up in this mess and much more helpless to stop it.
When Steve didn't respond, Tony carefully lowered his mental walls and thought of soothing things.  Rhodey and Jarvis playing backgammon and bickering quietly.  Pepper and her notebook.  Being down in the workshop with no responsibilities, only him and the suit or whatever new idea caught his fancy.  His mother's perfume.  Watching the calm ocean on the Dorma.
"What?" Steve said, eyes widening in surprise.  "How did - I didn't strike out," Steve lied.  Then more truthfully, "And that's not why I'm asking."
Everything was about trust recently.  Steve sighed.  They both looked well enough.  "Alright.  I'll let the others know you're both okay."
"Interesting," Tony said, wondering what kind of biological trick caused that particular trait.  "I could ask Steve to get you one.  It'd be safer for you."
He had to shift again at the next picture of Wanda and Natasha. They were both clothed, but he was still pretty sure that wasn't decent and again, he really didn't need to be thinking about his teammates like that. "Why would I post on this site?" Steve asked.
He regretted the words immediately, cursing his lack of control when it came to Tony.  Tony always knew how to press all of his buttons, and of course he would.  He knew everything Iron Man knew.
"Omelet?" Tony asked.
"I'm sure that makes sense in some language," Sam said, shaking his head. "Anyway, I came in to talk to you about a lead I got on our missing person."
It was an omelet, cooked with onions and cheese just the way he liked it.  He'd had breakfast with the Avengers often enough that they all knew, but he was surprised Tony did.  It made Steve wonder just how much of the Avengers' lives Tony knew about.  Did Iron Man talk to him about everyone, or had Tony had asked about them?
"It's not-" Leon started to say, cutting himself off as he caught sight of Cap's sad smile.  He looked down.
Steve focused on how ridiculous it was that Tony Stark made an armor whose lights went off when the wearer fell asleep, because thinking of how good it felt to have Iron Man against his shoulder hurt too much.  His breath caught anyway, and he fought back the wave of
"I go to the surface sometimes," she admitted.  "But the way is blocked now and people up there were not kind."
He'd been buried for another hour when the need to struggle, to scream, won over again.  He gasped in pain as his leg felt more pressure, enough to stop him from thrashing as he gasped for breath and listened to the falling rocks.  He had to stay
"Just try and make me," Tony said, slipping off into oblivion.
Tony's knees gave out, but Steve darted closer, catching him before he fell.  Tony had to blink back tears at the sheer grief.  "Tony?" Steve said uncertainly, fear and worry clouding his thoughts.
"You could just go in and talk to him," she said as he pulled out his earbuds.  That was what Pepper, Rhodey, and even Bruce had said, but Tony didn't bother that with a response.  "Frostbite sucks," he said instead, wiggling his itching toes and hearing Rhodey's voice in his head telling him to behave and not pull off his shoes to scratch them.
Steve swallowed, moving to the chair the nurse pointed him towards and sitting down.  He didn't take Tony's hand, though he studied the nicks and calluses on his fingers, because that was better than staring at Tony's unmoving chest.  Frozen in time, the doctors said.  Not dead, but unable to keep moving forward and living.  A bit like Snow White or Sleeping Beauty, but Steve doubted a kiss would wake Tony up.  He didn't dare try.
"Guess so," Steve replied, and Tony could feel Steve smile as he pressed a kiss to Tony's neck.  "Guess both of us have terrible timing in the end."
"Mr. Stark is working on - damn it!"
"Now you're gonna take us out one by one?" Steve asked, scanning the area.  It was admittedly a good plan, especially after taking out his com.  Steve wasn't sure he could handle this guy on his own, but he wasn't about to admit that out loud.  "I'm gonna draw the line here, buddy.  You're not getting to the others."
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony did as she asked.  As her claw traced the rock, Tony had a sudden vivid image of the same mural he'd seen when he'd first fallen down the crevasse.  The sky above was clear and blue, the sun beating down on the valley as the dragons fought to protect themselves from the humans.  The metal weapons were sharp and deadly and the humans weren't afraid of fire.  It burned them, but they kept coming.
circuitry, which shouldn't be possible."
"For last night."  Tony was eating his own omelet that was greener than Steve would have pegged him for.  He also wasn't looking up from it.  "For... never mind.  Just thanks."
Tony shifted, noticing Steve's hiss of pain even as his head throbbed.  "You're hurt," Tony said, trying to move off Steve.  His head ached, but at worst it was a concussion and he'd worked through those before.  If Steve was hurt, he had to be proactive or Steve would try to do everything himself.
"That's terrible," Steve said.
Rhodey looked surprised.  "What gave you that idea?"
Steve started awake, going completely still in Tony's arms.  "It's okay," Tony said, even though it wasn't.  It was a lie.  Nothing would be okay after a dream like that.  "You're okay.  It was a dream."
"You can't even get simple things right," Kor'la'vin said, this time right behind her.
Steve's lift off was just as startling as Peggy's, but this time Tony was prepared for it.  They glided down at a lazy pace that woke Tony up better than a splash of water on his face.
"Things are-" Tony started, then stopped.  "Steve?"
" Steve said, his voice uneasy.
"Sam and Tony apparently had a hell of a time finding it," Cap said.  "They never quite forgave me for that.  The shield usually finds its way home eventually."
.  I made the decision," Steve said with an air of finality.  He held out the ring for Tony to take.  "I'm still me in all the ways that matter."
"JARVIS, what's the status?" Steve asked.
"I..." Steve replied, uncertain how to respond.  Meeting the mother of Tony's best friend would be strange.
"Your sad eyes don't work on me, pal," Sam said, snorting smoke in amusement.  "And neither do yours, Tony.  You picked the wrong dragon to bond to if you don't like protective sides."
"He's...  It's like meeting a movie star," Steve admitted.  "He's all glamour and Hollywood, and I'm just a kid from Brooklyn."
"Sorry," Tony said eventually.  "That was... I shouldn't have said that."
The pain in his chest receded to a stinging burn, which was promising.  Now all he had to worry about was a sprained ankle and a few aching ribs. Without the pain of his heart running out of power, he would venture to guess his ribs were just bruised, maybe fractured.
," Steve said.
"I'll take care of that," Steve said firmly as Tony shut the computer down.  "Why don't you go sit with Colonel Rhodes until everything is ready?"
By this point, Tony was drifting again, though he didn't quite drift off.  He wasn't really warm yet, but the red cloth - Thor's cape? - was keeping the cold at bay.  His stomach lurched uncomfortably as Thor took off, but he could hear Rhodey's repulsors behind them.  Was it okay to sleep now?
Which is what he'd done with Virgil and Pepper by chasing after the cure for his heart.  How he'd hurt Rhodey and Jarvis by ignoring their advice and not thinking with a clear head.  He took too many risks.  He wasn't like Steve who protected the city because he wanted to help people.  Tony was fighting the War to fix his father's sins and his own idiocy.  There was no redemption for men like him, no matter how much he chased after it.  Maybe that was the problem.  After all this time, he was still running after something.
"Better him than me," Tony said, waving for Steve to come in.  "Have you met Captain America?"
"Heads up, Little Bear," Tony said an hour later as the kitten playing on a desk vanished just before it jumped into a box.  "Looks like Cap was right."
"And you'll be home for...  is it Christmas?  Is that the word?" Steve teased, but the melancholy of his tone pervaded.  "They need you more, Tony."
He shrugged.  "Obi yelled at me for being reckless and wasting time and money.  I'm just planning out future investments, because Gabriella
"Whatever you say, boss," Tony said, holding up his hands.  "I'm just the love interest."
"My way out is still blocked," Tony said with a dry chuckle.  He didn't even have the suit left to help him pry his way out.  "I don't know why the dragons keep pushing me that way when there's still no way out."
No, she told herself firmly.  Now wasn't the time for those feelings.  She couldn't let them get in the way when Kes was here.  Kes needed her now.  Taking a deep breath, she took Kes's hand and squeezed it.  "It's not your fault," Susan said again.  "Even Cap doesn't blame you.  If anything, it's my fault for not being able to find you sooner, so it's-"
The suit wrapped around him as the guns went off, and he immediately brought up a repulsor to fire.  There was more yelling and Tony could barely stay upright with the armor's momentum.
He groaned as he opened his eyes.  It was completely dark, of course.  It's not like visual acuity would come in handy when his heart wasn't beating properly or when Tony would have felt a little better for the light.  Still, Tony was used to the universe conspiring against him.  There was a flashlight in the survival kit Jarvis had insisted on building into the suit, and Tony was ridiculously glad he had, just that once, listened to the old man's suggestion.
"Loads," Tony said, looking down at his mug.  "They used to call me the merchant of death even."
He looked like a whole slew of other thoughts that Tony needed to push away.  Because feelings for Steve weren't something Tony could entertain anymore.  Anymore?  Where did that-
Tony batted his hand away, his own hands almost, but not quite, forming fists.  "I made the suit.  It. Failed.  It's the most sophisticated manned armor outside of the Iron Man suit and only then because the idiot never comes around for upgrades often enough.  It still wasn't enough to protect him."
When he tried to open his mouth to say all of that, he dry heaved again.  Stark kept running his fingers through Steve's hair, murmuring soft assurances with a soothing voice that Steve hadn't known the man had.  He was a little ashamed to admit that he needed it just then.
He set her down just outside the gate, letting the suit disengage.  It was, thankfully, much easier to get out of the suit than to get in.  Tony knelt down in front of her once it released him and waited for her permission before taking her ankle in his hands.
Steve wondered what to do with this revelation.  If he retreated and fell back, he could come up with a plan, but impulse and a quickened heart rate made him take a step forward and he didn't know if it was the noise or something else, but the butterfly took off.
After she left, Steve put his head back down on the desk.  He now had a lot to think about, but he could do this.  He just needed a plan of attack.
"A naga," Viper said, staring at the river now.  "They don't come to the temple, but I see them sometimes on my journey to the surface."
"No plan survives a meeting with the enemy," Tony said, unable to help the smile that crossed his face.  That was one of the things he always loved about Steve.  "Not even one of Captain America's plans."
"We've been so scattered recently that I've only had a few quick conversations to check in with Thor and Bruce," Steve said, pushing his worry over Clint and Natasha's silence aside.  He was going to finally do something about finding them now that Fury was turning a blind eye.  They'd both been gone too long for everyone's comfort now.  "It's not my secret to tell.  I didn't tell him, but Fury knows.  I think he known for a while now and hasn't seen a need to kick up a fuss."
"You're wrong on that.  That's what counts," Steve insisted.
Steve could feel Tony's shoulders hunching over, but he pulled him in for a tighter hug.  "I am angry," he said, because it still hurt a lot, carving out the empty part of him that missed Peggy and Bucky.  "What you said...  It doesn't matter."
Steve laid down on the dais and Tony sat against him.  It didn't take long for them to fall into their usual positions with Steve's wing covering them and his head in Tony's lap.  Steve was still shivering lightly, but not too badly.
Sam and Peggy shared a look, then Sam reached out and touched Tony's cheek with his claw.  "Can't say I understand," he said, "but it seems like it's important to your culture."
"I need - I should be out there-" Kes said.
"I thought you'd like the changes," Steve muttered, then shook his head.  "It's not that big a deal, Tony."
"I still don't trust you," Steve said.  "Or your weapons.  I can keep an eye on you like this, but on the ground it's easier for you to sneak off."
Setting the picture aside, Steve looked through the blog Wanda had sent him.  Then he picked up his tablet and started to draw.
"That wasn't what the dream told you," Steve said, his mental voice serious.
"Steve," he said as he kept trying anyway.
was Iron Man?  He had asked out an officer of higher rank?  Was that why...?
"You can flirt later, Cloud," the older woman said.  "Right now, we want to welcome you kids to the resistance."
Steve stretched, arching his back like a cat and hissing his tongue out briefly.  Then he shook himself like a dog and Tony ducked under a wayward tail to keep from getting thwapped.  Tony stepped back after that.
"Tony, hey.  It's okay," Steve said, this time succeeding in getting off.  He pulled Tony up before returning to hug him.
"Then it'll be my pleasure, sir," Steve said, having the feeling that Clint was going to kill him for this.  Probably because of the other children's jealousy.  Still, now the fact that Fury wanted to pay him made a lot more sense.
for hours," Rhodey muttered darkly.
"Making spaghetti and meatballs," Tony said.
Tony immediately ruined Steve's work by tensing again.  He could feel Steve glancing along his code and pulling back when he realized Susan was talking to him.  Steve was ever so uptight when it came to privacy.  "Something wrong?" he asked, making a note to high five her for her sass later.
The room had long windows that didn't let in much light.  Definitely no sign of life, human or other wise.  No decorations on the walls, or drawn warnings.  It was one of the strangest temples Tony had ever been in, despite the layout being similar to Southeast Asian temples he had visited during his adventures in that part of the world.  Just cold metal.
"You fool!  Do you know what you've done?  Now nothing can control the beast!"
to it.  I remember my life before I was a dragon too.  It's just such a jumble right now that it's hard to remember which is which."
"I'm sure I don't have to explain secret identities to you, Captain," Iron Man said.  "I'm not going to-"
" Steve asked, his eyes going wide again.  Tony was wearing the same t-shirt and jeans as the last time he'd seen the man, but this time there was glowing white circle in his chest that shone through the shirt.
anything from them, but something like his father and the War, those were personal.  Private in ways that felt too vulnerable for someone he just met to see.
"I did, didn't I?" Leo said, closing his eyes.  "I... haven't been very good at keeping that promise."
She changed it to polka dots rather than answer.  He glanced at his free hand.  "Better," he said, then sat down beside her again.  "Now remember, no telling Cap about this.  I'll get in massive amounts of trouble and you won't get anymore."
He wondered what happened to sour their relationship that much.  It was a link to his past that he couldn't chase after, since the topic seemed too touchy.  "Why did Ms. Potts even schedule the meeting then?" he asked in frustration.  She had to know that too.
"Kes..."
"Iron Man's first loyalty is to Stark," Clint said, his voice dull.  "If Pepper's also in on it, chances are that his hands are already tied.  Letting him know could put him in conflict with us."
"To a time corridor," Jane said.  "As far as I can tell, it's not set up to actually go anywhere.  He would need some sort of stabilizer for it to be safe, but he hasn't been able to make one."
Steve looked up from his work out, surprised to see Bruce standing off to the side and fiddling with a tablet as he pushed his glasses up.  "What brings you down here, Doc?" he asked, reaching for the towel to wipe some of the sweat from his face.  The soft material felt fantastic against his heated skin, and he found he didn't miss his old, cheap towels.  It was one of the few luxuries he really indulged in while living at the Tower.
"Mission successful," Tony said, taking a seat next to Steve.  "Rhodey's bringing in more supplies, no hiccups."
"Because you would have stopped me!" Tony yelled.
Tony tensed.  There was something wrong with that voice.
Tony hesitated, hearing the warning Wanda had given him.  "
"Steve."
"Clint provoked him," Natasha said disapprovingly.
"Are you going to do it?" Natasha asked again, curious rather than teasing.
There was a number of things wrong with that statement.  Tony shouldn't be in love with Jan.  And he shouldn't be calling for Carol to save him when
Stark's eyes grew wide, and he broke eye contact again.  He waved it off as he ducked his head.  "Okay, I don't-"
"Exactly."  Tony leaned down, letting her slide down his back, and drew his gun.  "Stay behind me."
tried to kill him earlier and he'd set his guns down...
There was another spot on the wall that caught Tony's attention.  It was hard to tell with the dark metal, but there was a small path behind the altar that wasn't completely seamless.
"There's nothing to be done," Stark snapped.  "You know that.  I've
Wanda's nostrils flared in what Tony had learned was the dragon's smile.  Her wings flared out behind her, but not to intimidate.  Quietly, he was thankful for the dragon's telepathic natures, if just because it made reading their body language easier.
"Tony!" Two voices called out.  He was vaguely aware of a third yelling "Stark!" but he never paid Fury much attention anyway.  Tony twisted the suit as much as possible, trying to get a visual on the bastard.  That was a trick the Germans couldn't do.  Tony smirked as he let loose a missile aimed right at the cockpit.  He had the satisfaction of watching it blow up before the velocity of his movement caught up with him and he blacked out, falling from the sky.
It was nothing like carrying home a light weight lush through London, however.  The underbrush was unforgiving and uneven, making him regret the lack of a machete.  It also looked deadly in ways that would probably fascinate Rhodey but put a reverential fear of nature into Tony.  Without Viper's soft, cultured tones in his ear guiding him from danger, Tony wouldn't have set foot in here.  It was Rhodey's idea of paradise, not his.
Tony's eyes dropped to the carpet, which was admittedly a tasteful-looking one, but generally not worth a genius's attention.  "Still comatose," Tony said flatly.  "No change."
"You're
Steve's grip loosened immediately, but didn't give enough to allow Tony to escape.  "We need to get warm," Tony reminded him.
That didn't make him feel better, but Peggy gave him one last tail hug before letting him go and nudging him closer to Wanda.  "Go.  We'll look after Steve and the city while you're gone.  If Wanda wishes to show you something, you would be wise to go with her."
Loyalty was one of the reasons he loved Iron Man, Steve reminded himself firmly as he watched Iron Man gesture animatedly.  He forced a smile on his face, even as the ache grew.  He couldn't fault Shellhead for that, not when he valued that trait so highly.
As he worked through the math, Tony debated the pros and cons of putting the suit back on.  It would put a strain on the pump, and he had been working towards being less reckless lately.  Tony raised the flashlight to look around and whistled softly.  "Well, well, well.  What do we have here?"
to push Rhodey and the others away for their own safety, but he had the feeling they weren't going to let him that easily.  "I... I miss him."
?  Does that make you feel better at night, telling yourself-"
"Thank you for the soup," she said, her arms wrapping around Tony's waist as she rested her chin on his shoulder.  Steve told himself firmly that jealousy was not an emotion he should entertain, even if Tony was basically sitting in Natasha's lap.
he needed to see.  "She's alive," Tony said, remembering the grief and Sharon's screams.
Once they evened out, Tony relaxed and leaned against the back spike.  Peggy's powerful wings kept them aloft, and he could appreciate any kind of flying, even if it wasn't in the suit.  He started to laugh, leaning forward to see the jungle.  Then he closed his eyes to enjoy the breeze.  He could feel how pleased Peggy was at his reaction.
Tony pulled fruitlessly at the fingers gripping his throat, bringing his knee up and kicking.  There was a hiss and Tony gasped for breath as he rolled away.  He heard the gun go off again as he got to his feet.
She did know why, because Steve had needed to hear it, but he ignored the jab at his denial.  Except now, he had no clue where to go from here.  If he was in love with Tony, what did he do with that information?
Leo leaned heavily on the cane they'd found him, but he tried to keep his weight evenly placed in the brace she and Tony had hastily constructed.  He was much worse for wear than Kes, but Susan felt her heart-rate speed up when he smiled at her.
And now he missed Bucky.
and he didn't look back at her.  But now...  "It's stupid, because after everything that happened, I'm crying over a
There
"Tony, did you take my sculpture again?" Ms. Potts said sharply, turning to Stark with her arms crossed over her chest.
Steve's eyes were wide, but a small half-smile quirked at his lips.  It wasn't the warm, bright smile from the dream, but Tony could work with this.  It was more than he thought he'd ever get.
"It does," Tony said miserably.  "I shouldn't have...  I'm sorry."
Steve looked away, not quite able to meet the colonel's gaze.  It was his fault Tony was like this, after all.  "The silence is unnerving from him," Steve agreed.
"It's an apology of sorts, for the way he was acting," Iron Man explained.  "He gets like that sometimes, and he tries not to be near people when it happens.  But, well..."
"Never said you did," Sam said, leaning back in his chair. "But you could use someone to talk to that's not part of the Avengers or baby SHIELD."
"It's not... It's a request," he said. "I just put up some doodles I make sometimes."
Thirty minutes later, Steve walked in to find Rhodey making waffles and omelettes, and Steve nearly walked back out again.  This was
"There's more to the mural, isn't there?" Tony asked.
"Where are you going?" Tony asked in amusement.
"Steve?" Tony asked, half-standing as well.
," Steve said, his voice full of grief.
"Any kind of relationship will hurt eventually," Steve said.  It sounded like he was quoting someone, but Tony couldn't quite sense if it were Peggy or Sam.  "We can talk when you get back.  But Tony... thank you."
Susan laughed weakly.  She could still mess this up, but she had found them.  The knot inside her chest was beginning to unwind.
"But you still believe it happened."  Rhodey put both hands on Tony's shoulders this time, turning him away from the view.  "And right now you look like you could use someone who believes you."
"Tony-"
"We won't let them be taken again," Steve said, a steely quality to his voice that always managed to settle something in Tony.  It was the tone he used when accepting no alternatives, and on the rare occasions Tony wasn't on the other end of the argument, Steve always allayed the fears Tony had.
The Hydra soldiers holding him down vanished and Tony stumbled back as his heart started to beat normally again.  There was another roar, but this time it wasn't the hydra.  It was Steve.
"Life energy transference of some sort to accelerate healing time," he said, thinking back to the Chinese concept of Chi.  Were they related?  He needed to study the phenomenon more, because the potential was endless and-
"Corporeal computer program," Tony explained.
She was going to make sure Kes smiled again, really smiled.  That's what best friends did after all.  "Want to help me with the repairs?" Susan asked, hoping her blush would go away if she changed the topic.  She got enough teasing about Leo from Tony and Cap.
"You can't," Steve said, hand wrapping around Tony's wrist with an almost crushing grip.
Steve really hated Natasha.  "It's nothing," he said, knowing he was going to have to come up with some kind of retaliation that wouldn't put more stress on her leg.  Sadly, he doubted he could catch her sleeping, but maybe if she was distracted, he could get some revenge by drawing on her cast.
"Steve-"
"It was easier with everyone's forgiveness and friendship," Wanda replied, shaking her head.  She stood then, heading to the door.  "Just think about it, Steve.  Anger doesn't suit you."
"JARVIS, camera off," Tony said, and Steve could see the blush creeping up his throat.  They had spoken about boundaries, but the status of their relationship had never officially come up, so Steve let Tony pull away even if that still hurt.  He was fine with that, really.  Tony let him be affectionate and tactile, even if Tony often didn't know how to respond.  That was more than Steve could have hoped for.
Steve let it go.  There would be time to chase after that later, when Tony was ready.  He offered his arm to Tony.  "We could go back together?"
* * *
"I sent you in there," Steve said quietly.
"Not really," Bruce said, shaking his head.  "And I'd steer clear of Stark for a while.  The fact that there's some Stark Tech in those robots has him in a mood."
Tony shifted Viper up so that he could take a quick moment to wipe away the sweat out of his eyes.  It was dark under the canopy, but not too bad.  The moss light wasn't quite as good as the sun, but Viper held on to the moss lantern to light up what darkness persisted.  Still, Tony didn't want to be here at night.  Unfamiliar jungles and names of the meat he'd seen on the dragons' table were not something to laugh at.  He followed a river on Viper's direction, the deep, rushing waters making him wary of getting too close to it, but the sound of it soothing.
He was just about to tackle a larger boulder when he heard a scream echoing through the halls of the cave.  Not a mental yell or a roar, but a very human scream.
"What?  But-"
"And why would I do such a thing?" Doom asked.  "That was not part of the pact."
Tony tensed his shoulders.  "I was trying to hide that."
money, but I never thought about how it was part of how much you like
The pain in his chest reminded him he didn't have time to wallow in nostalgia.  He allowed himself one last shallow breath as he chided himself for that terrible vice, then he raised his hands, searching for the hidden catches that would trigger the emergency release.  Rhodey had insisted on that one, and Tony hadn't even put up a token protest.  The last thing he needed was the suit to become a coffin.
"For listening and staying with me," Steve replied, bringing up Tony's hand and kissing the palm.  "And if you ever do want to tell me, I'd be honored to return the favor."
"We'll let you know.  But you have your human wars to attend to.  Let us get our own problems sorted.  We've managed for the past hundreds of years.  We will do so again."
"Not well," Natasha reminded him.
Steve locked the door, looking around at the small space.  Plenty of shelves and cleaning supplies, but as promised, no cameras.  Unless it were bugged with SHIELD-level tech, they should be safe.
"Intervention?" Steve asked, trying to think if the others had complained about his sulking lately.  But Tony had managed two lunches this week and a movie to try to distract him from Bucky and Sam, so he didn't think it was that.
"Why?" Steve asked, not sure if he was asking why he had to stay back or why Tony had become Iron Man.
drawing a cat and a mouse that have just had sex, Tony," Steve said firmly.  "That's disturbing."
He felt T'Challa's hand on his shoulder squeezing it reassuringly.  "Let them have their fun, Captain," he said, humor lacing his words.  "Carol suggested this as a way to raise Jan's spirits and I will make sure no harm comes of it."
Kes was hugging her tightly before Susan knew she was moving.  Susan automatically hugged her back.  "Kes..."
"Now he's looking."  Tony wiped away fresh tears from her eyes, unbothered by the hideous shade of fuchsia on his nails.  "You and Susan..."
At first he thought it was a video of their fight earlier.  The robots were the same, but the scenery was different.  That was the middle of the desert, not a highway in New York.  Then he realized the man's voice in the armor wasn't Iron Man, but it was familiar.  "Colonel Rhodes," Steve said, the realization dawning on him.  That was the same voice he'd heard arguing with Tony the day he'd been trying to draw.
No Natasha, but if he hadn't been out that long, then she might still be interrogating.  She liked interrogating when one of her team was down.  Tony knew how she got when she was fretting, and giving her something to do helped.
Steve had been alive in the dream.  "I'm fine," Tony said, willing the concern of his teammates away.
"Yeah?  What did you come for then, eavesdropping?" Rhodey asked.  "Stooping to spying on your enemies yourself?  Seems a bit below you."
"You were just going to
He broke off when he felt a hand on his forehead, shivering slightly without any body heat to warm him up.  He almost leaned into the casual touch because living with the dragons had made him realize how little most people touched him and he would miss it.  "No fever," Jarvis said, sounding both puzzled and relieved.
"Then why are you sulking in Stark's lab?  By yourself."
She stopped, looking down at the floor.  She couldn't fight off the tears.  How could Leo not see how amazing he was?  She loved him more than anyone she'd ever met.
He liked hearing Tony say his name, and he shivered.  Steve felt his eyes slide closed despite his best intentions to insist on going back to his own bed.  After what he'd seen today, the old nightmares were bound to be back so he wouldn't be sleeping, but taking Tony's bed didn't seem right.  "Tony..."
Steve had seen Tony's eyes hesitant and angry.  He'd seen them sparkle and warm when Tony was excited.  He felt a little bit in love with that specific brown every time Tony smiled.
"Dragons," she said.
Stark called the elevator and the door glided open.  "We're done here, Rogers.  See you again never," he said, smiling cruelly as the door slid closed.
Tony's hands curled into fists in the gauntlets.  "You can keep on dreaming that, doll."
"I'm real enough," Tony said, opening his arms.  "Come here, sweetpea."
"I don't like
," Leo said, struggling to stand on his own.  "You think I don't know that the only reason they kept me alive was to keep Kes from acting out?  And now I can't even do the one thing I was good at, being Cap.  If that's not useless then-"
"To guard your sorrow and happiness so well that only a few may know it...  I can't claim to understand it, nor do I think I could live like that.  Why do it?" Wanda asked.
"What are you doing?" Iron Man repeated, his bafflement growing when Steve didn't answer.
"It's a strange word," Steve said.  There was a dragon name-feeling that Tony decided to automatically translate for his own sanity to 'Peggy'.  "Peggy said you mentioned the term earlier, but it's... odd.  Why do you need secrets?"
He considered leaving a note for the dragons to find, but without being able to feel his thoughts, they probably wouldn't be able to read it.  Instead he drew an arrow in the ground pointing towards the thick foliage and left the suit outside the gate where the dragons could see it.  Then, with Viper's arms around his neck and her legs at his waist, he started to make his way through the undergrowth.
Steve stepped back again, trying to avoid her over-powering perfume that nearly had him gagging.  "No, thank you," he said just as politely as he had the first time.  "But I would appreciate it if you stopped propositioning me after I've already told you no.  If you don't stop, I'll have to escort you off the premises."
"And then I can show you the stars.  The real ones, not just the memories in my head," Tony promised.  "A proper sky out in the country where you can actually see without the smoke."
"I've always wanted you," Steve said quietly, running his hand through Tony's hair.  "I just never knew how to get you to realize that.  Took me a while to figure you out."
"I know you will, Happy," Iron Man said, a fondness in his voice that made Steve smile.  "Just make sure you're on that plane tomorrow because - Oh, hey there, Winghead!"
Damn, that was a fantasy that would keep him up at night.  In more ways then one.
"No.  At least, not that I'm aware of.  It's strange," Peggy said.  "You are... angry at someone else's love or happiness?"
"No, I didn't.  Because both you and Leo are..."
"I'm saying this genius needs at least six hours of sleep before he can keep thinking about particles that are completely outside of his range of study.  And as far as I'm concerned Jane is just as much of a menace, but at least Tony can't prod her awake when she nods off on the other side of the line," Bruce said.
"But I
His smile was wide and just a little smug, but even though he was in a different branch, Steve could grant him that smugness without resent considering he was a good friend of Tony's.  "I'd return it properly if I could, but I'm still getting the walking thing down again,"  he said, wincing as he leaned more on the cane.  He looked pale under his dark skin, and Steve pulled out the chair closer to Tony to give Rhodes an easier access.  "Thanks," he said with a small grunt, leaning back in the chair and closing his eyes as he set the cane to the side.
his technology in those robots, and whoever's behind it is actively framing him.  I'd say he's got an interest in finding this guy as much as we do.  You can send Iron Man to talk to him."
He wasn't going to let them get hurt.  If it was the last thing he did, he would fix this mistake.
Steve's reply had no words.  It was very rude though, and Tony was given the impression that no, getting down had not been in Steve's original plan.  He was sadly too high up to stop now.
"Long night?" she asked dryly, a smile not quite making it to her face, though he could see it tugging about her lips.  "Please sit.  I know how Tony gets when he's gone on a bender and you look like you've had better days."
"Aw, can't break up Iron Woman and Cap, that's too
Bruce smiled up at him shyly, then nodded, excusing himself to talk to Natasha.
"I won't let the vision happen then."  Tony projected a cocky and self-assured feeling, but Steve saw right through it.
"It's metal," Tony said, falling to his knees as the pain became too much.  "You can't-"
"Friends."  Steve flushed, smiling shyly in spite of the topic.  The fact that Rhodey considered him a friend meant a lot, and Steve hoped he could be worthy of that friendship, even if being a matchmaker probably wasn't one of Rhodey's strongest abilities.
Tony waved it off.  Anyone seeing them would probably create a ruckus and he wasn't opposed to keeping Steve to himself for a little while longer.
"It is when I got two spies bitching about Captain America being passive-aggressive when he sulks," Fury replied.  "I'd rather not know, but you have a habit of pissing off people in my social circle."
"What were you doing out here?" Steve asked, curiosity getting the better of him.
Tony lilted to the side, coughing again.  "Sorry," he said, a bit of blood smeared on his goatee.  "The radiation here is still off the charts.  Hydra bombs over-performed.  I don't have much time left.  Just - tell no one.  Don't tell Pepper, don't tell Rhodey.  Don't tell Natasha or the other Avengers.  And for fuck's sake,
Steve quickly took inventory of how many times he'd drifted off during the actual 'business' parts of their lunches and came to the conclusion Tony might have made a few incorrect conclusions about Steve's occasional distractions.
"Okay?" Tony asked, apprehensive and baffled.
Jan did a little shimmy that showed off her assets, causing Steve to blush.  "What if I just want to be sexy for me?"
"Yeah," Steve said, breathing out.  "Just...  he trusts me."
"Oh, God.  Captain!  You're-" Iron Man cut off, his gauntlet in front of where Steve assumed his mouth was.
"You've been working too long,"  Steve said, tracing Tony's cheek.  "Come on.  Let's get pizza.  The others might be up for a few rounds of video games too.  What do you say?"
"Too much for you?" Clint said sympathetically, sitting next to Bruce and putting his feet in the doctor's lap.
"Now I know you're joshing me," Tony said, crossing his arms.  The armor clanked as he did so, earning him a slightly disapproving stare from Steve.  "You don't have to wait on me if you have other things to do.  Or do you still not trust me?"
It was slow going, especially considering that he didn't want to bring the rocks down on him by moving the wrong one, but he felt like he had made progress.  By the time his stomach reminded him of lunch, he'd cleared a small section away, stacking the excess rocks carefully to the side.  He didn't notice they were hiding the murals.
"Come, sit down," Cap said, gesturing to the bed as he sat down himself.  When Leon didn't move, Cap patted the spot next to him.
"Careful, Miss," the second voice said.  "We don't want to bring the rocks down on top of the boss."
.  Iron Man trusted him enough to be vulnerable.  And here he was betraying that trust not even a few days later.
Thor leaned back in his chair, looking at his phone thoughtfully.  "It could mean that he knows the rumor to be true and would not lie for Stark's honor."
Iron Man was quiet for a long time.  The face plate was blank, so Steve didn't know what to make of the silence broken only by the low hum of the arc reactor.  Then he nodded with a short, jerky motion at odds with the usually graceful armor.  "I... Okay.  I'll let him know."
And that really explained a lot, if Tony had been bothered to think.  "You had a nightmare this morning," he said.
The bullet was close.  So close that Tony had to bite back his own fear.  But it missed Steve's heart.  It would take forever to heal, but there was a chance it would.  He pulled off his shirt, tearing it apart as he pressed it into the wound.  Red dripped down the blue of Steve's scales, and Tony bit his lip.  The bullet was still in there poisoning Steve further, but he could deal with that later when Sam was here to help.
to do from previous mes.  Jane will be pissed she doesn't get to help build it, but you can tell her that she made significant contributions to it in this time line.  Seriously, she is awesome.  She won't accept lab space since she's married to field work, but give her an anonymous grant and you will thank yourself for it later."
"The Kona coffee blend with milk, but no sugar," JARVIS replied.  "Mr. Stark prefers the coffee made in the Avengers' common kitchen, though there is no discernible difference between the coffee maker in here and his workshop."
That was all that was said for a long time.
Steve bent down again and after a moment's hesitation, Tony nodded.  As Steve rubbed against his cheek, Tony could feel the dragon's guilt slipping through.  "I'm sorry I wasn't there earlier.  There was no time to tell you and you were too far..."
He looked down at his bloody knuckles.  He'd started out with gymnastics and strength training to avoid the punching bags, but he gravitated towards them eventually.  He knew his hands should hurt, but he couldn't feel the pain.  He couldn't look away from the red staining the white of the wrap.
"Come on, Shellhead.  Talk to me," Steve pleaded.
"For helping me feel warm again," Steve said.
"You still down here, Shellhead?"
"I need to get back to work," Tony said, his shoulders hunched in a line of pain and fury.  Steve knew Tony wasn't angry at the person who did this either.  "I need-"
Tony closed his eyes for a moment then stood.  The others would watch over the city.  He and Steve would be on their own to search the temple.  "Alright," Tony said.  "Let's go get my armor."
Tony blinked, then pushed his shoulders back from where they'd been hunched over.  His face was blank in a way that made Steve wish for the fake expressions.  "Okay," Tony said, standing as if to leave, but lingering.  Steve didn't push him to move.  Finally, he turned as if to follow Steve out, but changed his mind before he got more than a step and moved back to the bed instead.  Tony hesitantly took Rhodes's hand with a grip that tightened.
"Then tell him I will break my way in if he doesn't open the door," Steve said.
They fell quiet after that.  Tony stared at Steve, taking in all he could.  Steve was handsome, but he'd known that from the pictures.  There was a certain amount of
"Tony!" Steve said as the man sank to the floor.  He didn't list forward, but Steve caught him just before his knees hit and he lowered them both down gently as Tony closed his eyes.  Steve could see tears at the corner of them, but he didn't mention it.
"Yes, Ma'am," he said, swallowing thickly around the lump in his throat.  He touched her cheek and her nostrils flared before she moved away, guiding him through the cave as her tail released him.
Tony screamed again as he was jerked to the side, gasping in pain as claws wrapped around the armor and pulled him up.  Not the hydra's claws.  Sam.
"Yes, ma'am," he said, suddenly self-conscious.  He always felt strange being recognized out of uniform, like plain old Steve Rogers wasn't up to the hype that Captain America was.  He wished he had his shield at least, and his fingers twitched without it on his back.
"Is this Steve?"  It was a female voice, one that sounded vaguely familiar, but he couldn't quite place it.
"Look, Tony-"
"Hey!"
"You can have what I was drawing?" Steve said, passing over the napkin and trying not to think about how he was essentially giving a doodle to a billionaire who could afford Picassos. It was far from even one of his better drawings since napkins weren't the greatest material to draw on, but at least he hadn't strayed too far when his concentration left.
"Was there any gas in that cave?" Jarvis asked before Tony could answer.
The dragon's eyes were disapproving, but he could feel the amusement rolling off of her.  "You're a scoundrel, that's what you are," she said, bowing her head and touching his cheek with a careful claw.  Tony tensed, but relaxed when he realized it was a light touch.  "But you may call me Peggy."
Thor tilted his head to the side, crossing his arms.  "Tony Stark does not seem like a man one would easily forget."
Hiding a smirk, Tony slowly lifted off the ground.  Steve gave up on all pretense of boredom, crawling up to the highest point of the ledge to meet Tony.  "So you
Steve was not going to admit to the sound he just made.  In fact, he was quite happy to just never look up again from where he had planted his face into the table, especially since he was pretty sure his ears were bright red and gave him away, but then Tony would keep going and he'd get worse as he went on.  Steve really wasn't that much of a martyr and he definitely was no saint.
"Oh, relax, Cap," Jan said, patting his hand knowingly.  "Hank's cool with it if it keeps him in his lab with his bugs instead of needing to make an appearance.  As long as we're not 'making out like we're having sex' - his words - he's fine with it.  He's not even going to see the movie.  And Scott even promised to give me some lessons in lock picking!"
He scrambled to his feet, saluting.  "I'm sorry, sir.  I didn't realize-"
"You have to let me up first," Tony said.  He received a draconic glare in return.  "Okay, then.  There's a latch just under the helmet.  Reach under with your claw until you find it and for God's sake, be careful."
yet?"
Tony nodded, drinking his juice silently.  Rhodey would yell at him, but Tony would also get Rhodey hugs, and those were the best.  Pepper had already been by for a few hours, even if she couldn't stay for long with the press conferences she had to do to tell the world Tony Stark had been found again.  The smell of her perfume was gone, sadly, and Tony still had to wait for his next source of comfort.
"Jane, you should tell him what you have discovered," Steve heard Thor say.  It was muffled enough that he assumed it wasn't on speaker phone.
"We can still win this," Steve continued.  "We can-"
Tony closed his eyes for a moment, then opened them as he pulled away.  He caught a faint sense of disappointment, but he caught Steve's head gently, rubbing the dragon's cheeks with both hands then scratching behind the horn.  The disappointment was quick to disappear, and Steve closed his eyes in pleasure.  "I'm sorry," Tony said.  "That's just how we humans are.  We're not... we're not that open or honest."
Steve narrowed his eyes. "Sam asked you to pester me about this, didn't he?"
The blue dragon didn't look his way, ignoring Tony all together.  "Come on, man," the brown dragon said.  "Let's leave the human to-" Bright red and navy blue, passion and flame, dancing and music.  The rose that blooms in adversity and the immutable constant of the sea.  "-and get that wound seen to."
"You call that a kiss?" Tony said indignantly as Steve pulled away.
"Well, are you going to walk?" Sharon asked proudly.  Peggy wrapped her tail around Sharon's, beaming at her sister.
The door was open when he got to the base hospital, and he leaned in the door way to see what was going on.  Colonel Rhodes looked peaceful, the bruises still visible but fading.  It was only the number of tubes protruding out of him that said there was anything too wrong.  The doctor said they could ship him home in a couple of weeks, once they were sure the internal injuries were healed and Rhodes was really stable.  It would at least be easier for Tony to visit there.
