The three hunters took their breather helmets off and started walking toward the armour lockers at the back of the shuttle bay. “This whole thing,” Dean said, “has just gotten a lot more surreal if you ask me.” He keyed the release on the armoury’s lock, and started unhooking his weapons. “I mean...well, I don’t know what I mean.”
“Oh son of a…” Dean looked at the text message on his Omni-Tool and rolled his eyes. He slumped back against the rear bulkhead of the shuttle and looked up at the ceiling.
“We’re through the relay in 30 seconds.” Joker looked back over his shoulder at Shepard, who was standing there already armed and armoured. “This is it.”
“We’ve got a mole,” Cadfael said. The burly angel cracked his knuckles. “Want me to start checking on our people in Intel?”
The first three shuttles landed on the station, disgorging Cerberus troops. The fourth shuttle broke apart before it cleared the cruiser. In the cruiser’s engine room, a small white star burst into existence next to the ship’s drive core. The star moved toward the eezo core and enveloped it, triggering alarms throughout the ship. Power dropped throughout the ship as the core vanished, and white-hot flame shot through all the decks, tearing the ship apart from the inside.
In the airlock, Shepard and Kaidan performed a final check of Castiel’s helmet and hardsuit before checking Sam and Dean one last time. “Looks good here Stannis,” Kaidan said. “You going to be okay, Castiel?” Castiel nodded, and Kaidan gave him a pat on the back. “Good.” Kaidan gave Shepard a kiss on the helmet and stepped out of the airlock, sealing the door behind him.
“Who are you working for?” Shepard’s voice was a threatening near-whisper, and his scar flared bright red. “Did Cerberus send you?”
“Reapers?” Dean and Sam looked at each other, eyes wide, then looked back at Shepard. “Those are not any Reapers that I’ve ever seen.”
“No,” Sam said, kneeling next to him. “There’s a jamming tower that we’re trying to take out. It’s blocking all transmissions. Hold still, let me see what I can do for you.” Purplish-blue blood seeped out of a rupture in the man’s suit. Sam started to repair the rupture, but the injured quarian weakly pushed at his hand.
“I don’t see how you can track us down when you’ll be sealed in an iridium vault forever,” the clone snarked. He turned and keyed in a command on a console.
or something when trying them on.” He chuckled and went back up the stairs, and Dean turned to Sam and Cas.
“Do you all have names?” Dean scratched his head and blinked a couple of times. “Like you can play poker with yourself or something?”
“Go get him, Cas.” Castiel nodded and vanished, and Dean scurried onto the shuttle. “Steve, I got some coordinates for you.”
“And if we’re not lucky?” Sam asked. He handed Castiel a glass of a clear electrolyte drink, and the angel chugged it.
“Shepard,” Tali exclaimed, “My people are already attacking. If you let Legion upgrade the geth, the Fleet will be wiped out!”
The agent Kael had sent to dismantle Camael’s bomb crawled from the ducts and handed Kael the device. “Powered by the grace from K'al's box,” the hooded angel said. “It would have destroyed this system and caused a backlash that would have destroyed half the relay network--including the system where the Crucible is being built.”
“Uhh...sure,” Gabriel replied. “It’s...it’s this way. Come on.” He and the strange man started to walk down the hallway to the Library access lift. “I take it you’re not an angel.”
“Exactly.” Israfel nodded. “I’m sure he’s managed to get hold of a datapad and read up on what I’ve been up to, but that doesn’t bother me overmuch--the message I brought was one for all of our people, even angels like him that we may not think are deserving of it. He knows all of the tricks that Dad dictated to him for the tablets, sure...but he’s just one angel and he’s only so creative. We work together and coordinate our efforts, we can stay a step ahead of him and take back our home.” She scratched her chin for a moment. “As a bonus, we can also get ahead of any threats that may come after.” Israfel looked at Bartholomew. “We’ve got most of a Consensus, brother. Malachi and Rebecca have been on board for a while now. Same with all of the unaligned angels--the non-aligned angels asked me to speak for them, which is the only reason I’m here. But to make a Consensus work we need you, too.”
“Well that’s something, I guess.” Izzy rubbed her temples for a moment, then looked down when her Omni-Tool pinged an alarm. “I better get my ass back to the
Dean rubbed his temples. “So what do you think? Cas have his mojo back?” He sighed deeply and leaned back against the rear bulkhead of the shuttle, briefly fidgeting with the belt on his uniform before closing his eyes and listening for Sam to reply to him. The plating on the shoulders of his tactical armour and the stock of his collapsed sniper rifle dug uncomfortably into his back.
Sam chuckled. “Heh, that’s a good question, but I think the one to ask is Cas. There’s a lot that he hasn’t told anyone about what it was like after God decided to take His long vacation--but I think that might be because a lot of it got blocked off where he couldn’t get to it.”
The angel sighed--he knew there was no way he could wake either of the Winchesters at this hour. He stood and walked into the bathroom, the lights flickering on when he walked in. Castiel rubbed his stubbly jaw and scrunched up his face at the pasty feeling in his mouth.  He reached for a cup sitting next to the sink, filled it halfway with water, and rinsed his mouth out before realizing that he was also thirsty. He filled the cup and drank, then paused when he heard gurgling sounds coming from his stomach. His eyes went wide and he dropped the cup. Castiel quickly opened his shirt and looked down at his stomach, expecting to see it bulging ominously. Nothing happened, except another series of gurgles. “Oh wait,” he said with sudden realization. “I’m hungry.” He sighed with relief, and walked out of the bathroom and went to pick up the datapad from the bed again when he realized that he was also feeling the urge that had motivated him to go into the bathroom in the first place. He turned around and went back into the bathroom, closing the door behind him.
Gabriel looked over at K’a’l, then back to Israfel. “I want to talk about the war. My place in it.” He sat back and sighed again.
“Shepard,” EDI said over the intercom, “The Quarian delegation has come aboard and are being escorted to the War Room now.”
“Hannah! Steven! I’m Ruth,” she said with a smile. “I’m the Chief Librarian, and I’m so happy to finally meet the both of you in person. Welcome to Alexandria--come on,” Ruth exclaimed gleefully as she skipped toward the first of the halls, “Let me give you a tour. These fine souls are the Librarians of Alexandria; there are fourteen libraries in total, placed around the galaxy at locations equidistant from each other. New items are added as we get them at the Master Library in Heaven...”
“I think I’ll keep it on for now,” Sam said, waving for Dean and Castiel to follow him. “Come on you two, let’s head up to the airlock so Cas can go open the door on that dreadnought.”
“Yeah.” Hannah Shepard didn’t even look up from the table or the datapad in front of her. “Fuck, just give me the whole goddamn bottle.”
“So,” New Guy said. “These are our stowaways.” Muscles had gotten Sam and Dean down on their knees, hands on their heads, a bloodied and dazed Castiel slumped on the deck next to them in Pretty Boy’s grip. New Guy walked out to the middle of the cargo bay and looked at Castiel for a moment. “Major Alenko,” he jibed at Pretty Boy, “When did you start playing rough?”
“There. A well-placed Overload or shot will detonate that crystal,” Miranda said. “The explosion should take them out.”
Legion raised an eyeflap. “You misunderstand,” it stated matter-of-factly. “Geth are software--each has a specific purpose, and alone can only function within specific parameters. Together we function as a cohesive unit and provide cognitive direction to this platform.”
Castiel blinked, then turned to look at Dean. “Oh, yes--sorry. I was...the core of the relay fascinated me. I was trying to study it.” He looked around the observation lounge. “Were you all waiting on me?” he asked sheepishly.
Eve shook his hand. “I surrendered my name the day I became a shaman of the female clan,” she said. “But one day, when this is over, perhaps you may know it.” She hopped back up on her bed. “I myself have met very few humans." Eve pulled her legs up and leaned forward to rest her elbows on her knees.
“Interesting,” Garrus remarked. “So far today we've seen Hanar, Drell, Volus, Elcor, Asari, Salarians, Humans, Turians, Krogan, and Batarians. Even Vorcha, who I didn’t think were even allowed on the Citadel--but no Quarians. Usually there are a few here, working as “indentured employees” or on their Pilgrimage. I wonder where they all went?” He stroked one of his mandibles briefly.
Dean leaned forward a bit, and a picture of a bipedal creature with a hairless wrinkled head and four eyes, wearing what looked like a military uniform, popped on the screen over the talking head’s shoulder. The talking head started to expand on what had come across the crawl on the bottom of the screen. “Damn, that’s a Batarian?” Dean wrinkled his nose. “He looks like a demon crossed with something I saw in Purgatory.” He sat back and listened for a minute. “OK,” he finally said. “Say that something’s about to go down. What the hell can we do about it, when we can’t even go anywhere without that credit thing you found at the park?”
“Thanks Val,” the angel replied. “Good to see you again, by the way.” The two nodded to each other, and Azrael walked toward the big wooden doors that led into the attorney’s office. A sign on the outside door read FOSTER AND TRYON, ATTORNEYS AT LAW. She pushed the doors open and walked into the office. An ancient double-bitted axe hung on the wall over a small water fountain that bubbled peacefully. The crown mouldings had inlaid red-gold veneers in a scalloped design reminiscent of roof tiles, with silver trim. Azrael walked over to the window and looked down on the streets below to people-watch. A flash of movement caught her eye, and she looked over to see a pair of police officers grab a homeless man who was sitting in front of a cafe. One of the officers pulled his baton and started to hit the man, who shrieked in pain with each blow. The angel reached for her blades and tightened her grip on them. She moved, just a bit, when a hand settled on her shoulder.
“Anderson wants us to go to the Citadel, get help for the fight.” Muscles started to protest, only to be cut short by New Guy. “ENOUGH!” New Guy roared, stabbing Muscles in the chest with a finger. “Don’t you think I want to stay and fight?! We’re going to the Citadel--if you want off, you can catch a ride back from there.” Muscles made a “Whatever” gesture and started to walk back toward some kind of workbench, and New Guy said something to Pretty Boy on his way to the elevator. New Guy stopped and turned back after getting a hail over the ship’s PA system, and started talking to somebody through a lot of static.
“No,” Shepard replied. “Stay in cover.” The hovercraft skittered up the side of the ridgeline right as the Reaper stepped into the trap. It popped over the side, and the the Reaper took two steps forward and stopped. It stood there for several long seconds, then took another step forward.
Sam raised his hands. “Umm, okay…? Look, Miranda--if it’ll help I’ll lock myself in this room and hope that Stannis finds me. But it’s a really bad idea to be running around here alone with my brother--who
“I more than likely have a concussion, Dean. I don’t think I’ll be very “okay” for a while.” Cas grimaced at the pain. “Sorry--my head hurts.”
“There were,” Bailey said, “But they beat feet into the Keeper tunnels when they figured out we were coming. I’ll say it plain, Councilor--Shepard and his friends just saved the lot of you.”
The Drell was gone. “Dammit,” Dean snarled, ducking back down behind the counter. “OK, looks like we’re on our--” he was interrupted by a soft ping from his Omni-Tool. He tapped it, and a message popped up:
“It’s only a model,” Dean deadpanned from his jumpseat. Sam covered his face with his palm and groaned softly at the bad joke. Dean looked at him and mouthed “What?”
Dean lunged toward the clone. Sam and James grabbed him “It’s not worth it Dean,” Sam barked. “He’s not Stannis--he’s a cheap knockoff, and you know it.”
CHAKWAS: (slightly amused) Javik apparently decided to finally try “reading” Castiel. (CASTIEL looks down at the floor with a guilt-ridden expression on his face) I’m going to have to get him to Medbay so I can keep an eye on him. If I didn’t know any better, I would say that he’s a bit...overloaded.
The doctor looked down at his datapad and punched up a list of patients. “I’m not seeing anyone by that name--” he looked up at Shepard for a second, “--but we do have a drell patient matching his description, who just came out of surgery.” The doctor paused for a moment. “His condition is pretty grave. He lost a lot of blood, and he’s in the advanced stages of Kepral’s Syndrome.”
“We’ll make it,” Shepard replied. He switched to a sniper rifle and dispatched a rocketeer with a clean headshot before switching back to his shotgun. “Keep at it.”
The angel raised an eyebrow. She looked back over her shoulder to see a man with a prosthetic hand walk into the office. He wore a crisp dark blue business suit with a white dress shirt and gold-trimmed crimson tie, in contrast to the dirty rags he had been wearing earlier. He also had a neatly groomed dark brown beard and piercing green eyes. His dark silver hair was neatly trimmed in a crew-cut. “Hey Tyr. So, why the Winchesters?” Azrael asked. “You two seem pretty capable of handling things, if your escapade with those dirty cops is any indication.”
“Yeah,” Sam said. “It’s sitting on the table for you--hope you like raspberry, because that’s all they had. Also got a couple of magazines, found a grocery store and got some salt and some water...and this.” He held up the device. “The clerk at the newsstand I went to called it a datapad. He loaded it with a couple of guidebooks and a link to some sites on the extranet, which I’m guessing is what the Internet’s turned into. Said I could find a lot more info there.” Sam browsed a couple of entries on the datapad, then looked at the clock by the bed. “Here.” Sam laid the pad down on Dean’s pillow. “Feel free to browse. I’m going to get some shut-eye.” Dean reached behind his head and took the datapad, opened one eye and looked at it for a second, then set it down on the nightstand and went back to sleep.
“Izzy…” Meshach came around the table and put a hand on her shoulder. “We’ll do our best to keep looking for him. You know that right?”
“What’s that smell?” Ninja heard a familiar voice, and turned his head to see Other-Catdaddy, Grumpy Red, and somebody else that looked like Catdaddy crawling through his special hiding space.
“Awww shit…” Azrael grimaced and rubbed her forehead as the force field in Sam’s mind wavered. “We have a problem.”  The angel staggered, and Sam ran up to catch her.
When he sat up and looked around, he noticed that he was in a bed--an actual bed--and stripped to his skivvies. A light grey shirt and casual trousers were neatly folded atop an old-style wooden dresser, with a pair of slip-on shoes next to them. A small pitcher of ice water and a glass sat next to a small lamp on a night table by the right side of the bed. The room itself was about the size of the captain’s cabin on the Normandy. The carpeting was a deep charcoal-grey colour, and plush. He walked around the room to look in on the bathroom, its rain-head shower tiled in muted greys and browns, and clean towels hung up on a warm towel bar. A small selection of toiletries and a razor were arrayed on a small shelf over the sink.
“What is this I don’t even…” Joker started to laugh. “I...you’ve got to be kidding me! HER?! That pain in everyone’s ass is an angel?!” The pilot’s laughter rolled through to CIC. “Oh my...that’s...that’s the ultimate joke, right there! Freeze playback at timecode fifteen-thirty-two and...” Joker slapped his knees as tears started rolling down his face. “Oh my god, when Shepard sees that, he is going to
“Roger that.” A C-Sec shuttle went blitzing past the skycar, coming a little too close for Sam's liking. “Wow, they’re in a hurry!”
Sam nodded and toggled his Omni-Tool. He took aim at the crystal and unleashed a heavy Overload charge. The crystal exploded. Shards of crystal shrapnel shredded the bodies of the Reaper creatures, and Sam and Miranda hustled down the corridor to another laboratory.
“Holy shit!” A technician pulled up bio-scan readings. “Look at this--his adrenaline production is off the charts… muscle stimulus and brain activity are way over anything our frontline troops have reported….”  She looked up at the man in the grey suit with eyes wide. “This is incredible, Mr. Lawson. And you said this guy isn’t just some colonist?”
“Medi-Gel,” Sam said. “He must have put some on your face too, because your shiner’s just about gone.”
“Agreed!” Israfel smiled and indicated three chairs. “Thank you all for being here. Let’s all grab a seat.” Bartholomew and his group sat, and Fermat took up a position just behind Israfel. The Geth had his holographic representation configured the same as the day that he and Israfel raided Bartholomew’s compound to rescue Stannis and Kaidan; dark blue, with a silver star on his chest and shoulderplates, and dark silver stripes on either side of the star on his chest. Out of respect for the “no weapons” rule, his shield was nowhere to be seen.
“It speeds healing by, among other things, accelerating blood clotting and forming a barrier against infection,” Dr. Chakwas explained, “it also functions as a painkiller and anti-inflammatory agent. In this case, it’s helping Sam’s broken facial bones knit together and relieve the inflammation that was caused when he got hit with that oven door.”
“Uncle Urdnot’s back in town--and he’s brought the boom!” Wrex charged a pair of mercs on the top level and sent them flying over the edge to the floor below, where Kaidan dispatched them with a fusillade from his assault rifle.
“Agreed, though empirical evidence suggests that not everyone shares your consensus,” Legion pointed out of the open shuttle. “We will exit here.” It dropped out, and Shepard watched his friend hit the dirt and raise a huge dust-cloud before turning back to Kaidan and Tali.
Sam ducked when another zombie leapt at him, then quickly spun around to grab it by one leg and swing it against a lamppost. The impact broke the zombie in half. Sam looked at the half a body in his hands, then immediately swung it around again to shatter the remaining half of the zombie against a shambler that was trying to attack Dean. The shambler’s skin was brownish and burnt-looking, like an overdone roast. Like the zombies, it also had blue glowing eyes--four of them--and a glowing blue roundel on its distended belly. Sam looked at its right arm, and saw a pair of eyes and a tormented human face staring back at him from the thing’s shoulder. “Holy Mother of Crap!”
“Come on out, hands up.” Dean popped his head around the corner of a crate and saw Muscles standing there wearing a suit of heavy black armour and pointing a wide-mouthed pistol-grip shotgun in his general direction. “All three of you,” Muscles said menacingly. “Any sudden moves from you
“Commander,” the pleasant female voice said over the medbay’s intercom, “Admiral Hackett is on the secondary Q-E-C for you.” Shepard sprinted out of the medbay, leaving Blue Lady to tend to Kaidan.
“And you assuage those regrets through service,” P’al said with a slight smile. “I heard the tail end of your conversation on the way down.”
“I told you--this is Heaven, and I am an angel. So’s Camael.” She pointed over to the table. “There’s food on the table for you, if you want it. I promise, it’s all real.” The child rolled out of Israfel’s arms and sat on the floor for a moment with his hands on his knees, dumbfounded. The angel stood and reached down to help the child up. “Look, son...I realise that this is a lot to take in, bu--”
“It’s all yours, Major.” Adi smirked. “But you may want to be careful in case it’s our boss taking a long piss next time.” She turned and walked back down the hallway past the meditation area to the turbolift, straightening her dress blues.
“It’s my job,” Dean replied. He ducked into a doorway and peeked out to train his shotgun down the hallway. A female trooper in a black catsuit popped around the corner, sniper rifle in hand, and Dean let fly with a salvo of spikes before ducking back into cover and reloading. Sam followed up the shot with an overload blast from his Omni-Tool, staggering the sniper and buying Dean enough time to run up and blast her with a fresh barrage from his shotgun. He poked his head around the corner for a moment. “OK, clear.”
“Right,” Shepard said. “This thing.” He looked at Tali. “But Legion helped us fight the Reapers before--there’s no way he would have agreed to this.”
“There.” Gabriel looked up from the cylinder. “It’s done. All I need to do is put this back in the containment unit, and Camael’s sabotage should be reversed.”  Gabriel reached out and gently removed the cylinder from the holder, carefully fitting it into a small housing marked with Enochian sigils. He closed the door of the housing, and the sigils rippled as grace began to circulate through them. “And...done.” He looked across the table to where his angelic parent was sitting, watching him work. “Thanks for letting me do this, Izzy.”
Dean looked around the large circular room. The lights around the edge were lowered to afford better visibility of the viewscreens that were crammed into the space. A side room had a pair of panels suspended in front of a small alcove. The tank in the center of the room was paired with a similar tank above it, and had brighter lighting that drew one’s attention toward the center. “This is pretty impressive,” Dean said.
Ninja retreated into the ducts, and Shepard hit the hatch release. The panel above their heads opened and a stairway extended, and the trio burst into the CIC with guns blazing. “Ha ha, I always wanted to fight here!” Wrex shouted gleefully as he nailed a merc with a point-blank round from his shotgun.
“It’s okay Brooks,” Shepard cut in. “He’s on our team. We’re at Cision Motors on Zakera Ward, Dean. Hostiles are heavily armed, so be ready for a firefight when you get here.”
“Easy Cas, stay with me. You’re going to be OK.” He took Castiel’s hand and walked alongside the stretcher. “It’s going to be okay.” Castiel closed his eyes, still smiling. “Cas?”
“What?” he said with his mouth full of meal bar. “I said I’m hungry...” Dean and Sam shook their heads.
. He was in a public park. The area was surrounded by trees, joggers and walkers on a nearby footpath either oblivious to or pointedly not paying attention to them. Sam lay face-down on the grass, splayed out with a trail of flattened grass leading to his feet from a foot away. “What the--? Oh, yeah,” he said, easing himself up from the ground. He wobbled slightly and muttered a curse when he almost fell over, but quickly shifted his feet and regained his balance. “Sorry, officer—was kind of a long night. Girls, drinks, a little pool….” He knelt down next to Sam and gently shook him. “Rise and shine Sammy, time to go.”
Kaidan looked out the skylight at the stars for a moment, then back at Shepard. “You’re thinking of him as the brother you could have had?” Shepard nodded sadly and rubbed his hand over his face. “I don’t know,” Kaidan remarked. “All I can think of is how he tried to kill us--kill
“No son,” Israfel said, her voice soft and caring as she knelt before him to put a comforting hand on his shoulder. “Hey,” she said, gently cupping his chin. “Look at me.” He looked up, and saw the angel looking at him with compassion in her eyes. “Your life was not your own, son. Your name was not your own. They were both forced on you by someone who saw you only as a means to her own end.” She sighed and leaned over to kiss him on the top of the head. “Son, you deserve your own name and your own life. That’s why I saved you, brought you here.” She shifted to a sitting position and held her arms out. “C’mere,” she whispered, embracing him when he crawled into her arms and continued sobbing. “My dear boy, Rasa may have rejected you, but know that you are still very much loved and very much wanted.”
“I could have sworn I heard him muttering “T’Soni” the whole time,” Garrus retorted. The two of them chuckled for a moment at their private joke. The group slowly fought their way up to the top level, Garrus and the Winchesters providing covering fire while Castiel used his reprogrammed cloak to ambush stragglers and Shepard cleared the containment pod at each floor. On the top floor, three squads of Cerberus troops were waiting for them. Shepard super-charged a knot of troopers, following up his charge by shooting blue-black energy waves from his hand to stagger them and make them easier to pick off before running back into cover.
Dean looked up at Legion and raised an eyebrow. “OK, so let me see if I understand this,” Dean said, eyes narrowing slightly. “There are a thousand of you guys in one unit?”
“He’ll live. I’ll know more in a few days--for now, though, I have to focus on the job. Go grab yourselves a shower on Deck Three. I’ll have fresh fatigues waiting for you when you get out. We have a doctor on board now, and she wants to give you a baseline physical exam. After that, you can get yourself something to eat from the mess. We’ll talk more after I get back from Palaven.” Shepard turned and retreated up the stairs.
“Butting heads with the Council over Krogan expansion,” Wrex drawled. Before he could say anything more, an explosion shattered the skylights of the car dealership, and several more armoured mercs dropped in. “Hey! Winchesters! Front and center, princesses!” Dean and Sam scrambled out of the shuttle with a gun each, and headed for cover inside the dealership. “Shepard, we got a way out of here?”
Adams frowned a bit and sighed. “Come on, you and I both know that’s not what she’s going to say.” When Joker shot a glare at him, the chief Engineer got up and moved to sit on the console next to Joker. “She just wa--”
“Dean and I are still with Joker up in the cockpit. We’ve got bodies floating around out here with their eyes burned out--that’s definitely the sign of an angel-smiting.”
Vega shrugged. “Either that, or they got pulled out and chewed on by husks.” He grimaced. “Not a good way to go.” Shepard jogged up ahead a few meters and peeked around another corner, then signaled for the squad to stop.
Dean admired himself in the mirror. “Not bad,” he said. “Not bad at all!” He grinned. “We look pretty good, I think.” Castiel tugged a bit at the collar of his shirt until Dean walked over and adjusted it for him. He did a deep knee-bend and got an impressed look on his face. “And they’re comfy, too.”
“So am I right in presuming that this is also a War Council?” Rebecca asked. When Israfel nodded, she hrmmed. “Bartholomew, you have access to Buddy Boyle’s network, correct?”
“Aye aye.” Joker’s voice was firm, determined. Shepard gave him a slight smile, and left the cockpit.
Hackett squatted in front of Camael and looked at him. “Israfel's husband gave you up, Camael. He saw you sabotage the containment unit.”
“Can you hear me?” Cortez’s voice came through the speakers inside the helmet, and Dean slowly nodded. The helmet felt a little heavier in the front, but Dean found it tolerable. “Good. You’re doing great, Dean.” Cortez smiled. “If you get thirsty, there’s a switch by your chin that’ll make a straw pop out so you can get a drink from the canteen in your hardsuit. Go ahead and try it now.” Dean jutted his chin out slightly, and he felt the straw poke him in his lower lip. He reflexively wrapped his lips around it and sipped some water through the straw before toggling the switch with his chin and collapsing the straw.
“No--but the southern continent had excellent farmland, as I recall.” The Prime nodded and extended a hand, palm-up, to the Admiral. “You humble me with your kindness,” Admiral Raan said, taking the Prime’s hand. The Prime clasped her hand and bowed its head respectfully.
“He is the Admiral of the Civilian Fleet,” Raan explained. “He sacrificed his flagship to destroy the geth’s planetary defence cannon, and without him, the captains of the Civilian Fleet are threatening to flee in an attempt to save themselves. Without the Civilian Fleet, we have no liveships. Without the liveships...”
Shepard turned to face his squad. “Welcome to my job,” he quipped somewhat acidly. “Cleaning up other people’s messes.” He sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose. “But I’ll do it, because--” Sam and Dean joined him in saying “--it’s the job.” The three of them nodded in understanding.
"Thanks. Here." Azrael reached up and touched Castiel’s forehead with the first two fingers of his right hand. His eyes glowed for a second, then faded along with the Mark of Death. “It’s me.” Sam Winchester shrugged. “Azrael wants to rest some more, so she started the unlock on Cas’ head before going dormant. She said it’s only right that if we’re going after Dean, I be the one to drive--so to speak.”
Shepard scratched his brow for a moment. “Let me think about it,” he said. “I guess I should get ready to talk to the Council, huh?” Liara patted him on the shoulder and nodded, a slight smile on her face. “Thanks for the cat treats by the way,” he said. “Joker tells me Ninja expects them every time he comes into my quarters now. If you need help setting up, let me know.”
“Yes,” EDI replied. “He said one phrase: ‘I must understand these wonders.’ Do you know what that might mean, Sam?”
, and the brothers started marching eastward through the field with Castiel in tow. “Hey Cas,” Sam asked over his shoulder, “You still have your biotics?”
“Good morning, Mr. Winchester.” A man in a grey suit walked toward him and looked down at him. “And how are we doing today?” He had salt-and pepper hair and cold blue-grey eyes, and looked down at Dean as if sizing up a piece of meat on a butcher’s block. Dean blinked, and saw Alastair leering at him again. The man poked Dean in the arm, and the hunter immediately tensed against the restraints. “Hmm,” the man muttered to himself. “Reaction time seems to be improved...but it’ll need more testing.” Dean caught a whiff of sulfur, and the man’s eyes turned black. “What do you say, Dean?” he heard Alastair say through the man’s mouth. “Shall we put you through your paces today?”
“Yeah,” Sam replied. “I’ll go ahead and signal the shuttle.” He backed up and got out a flare gun, which he fired into the air. The sound of an incoming craft made the three of them turn and look out over the water to see the shuttle coming from around a rock formation to open fire on the tower. The tower collapsed into the bay, and Steve set the shuttle down nearby.
me to remember everything that you’d “blocked off” from me. When were you actually going to tell us?”
Shepard keyed the QEC. His scar blazed crimson down his right jawline. He clenched his hands into fists as he took a deep breath and held it. Exhaling, he felt the heat of his scar fade as the image of Admiral Hackett appeared.
JOKER (reading dramatically from a holo-panel in front of him): “On a lonely California highway, a mysterious woman in white leads unsuspecting men to their deaths…” Oh my god EDI, is this for real? This is so...so…. (JOKER scratches his chin)
“Well you’re still here, so it couldn’t have been very nice for him either.” Dean smirked. Garrus winced and rubbed his head. “You okay?” Dean asked.
Castiel cocked his head to one side and got a rather confused look on his face. “That sounded like the ship’s AI.”
DEAN: Oh, I think James is helping with that too. (SAM facepalms, CASTIEL gets a briefly confused look on his face. KAIDAN shakes his head and then looks back at SHEPARD)
his brother. Where are the Winchesters?” Kael grabbed Camael by the shirtfront and got up in his face. “We know that you’re the one who leaked the Noveria mission to Cerberus so they could capture the brothers," he growled. "And try to capture Castiel for God only knows what purpose. Where. Are. They?”
From behind him, Shepard pursed his lips for a moment. “Councilor,” he snapped, crossing his arms and narrowing his eyes, “given what happened on Sur’kesh, don’t you think it wise to, oh I dunno, not show all our cards to the Reapers or to Cerberus?”
“You can do that?” Shepard asked. He tilted his head to one side slightly. “How will you manage to avoid detection?”
“Can it, Lieutenant. When the three of you are done here, head on up to the mess. Engineer Adams said he’s got your Omni-Tools ready for you.”
“Orders from the top--we are to leave this base immediately. Bring the subject with you--a shuttle is prepped and ready to go! NOW!”  The engineers attached hoverlifts to Sam’s bed and started to ease him out of the room and down the hall, led by the Centurion. The doctor looked at her assistant, who shrugged. She huffed and stalked out of the room. The assistant hit a couple of buttons on the console, but before he could complete the sequence a trooper grabbed him and hustled him out.
Engineering Chief Cameron Halstead slithered out of the duct and slowly got to his feet. He started brushing the dust off his pants, when the sound of wings made him look up to see several lithe figures standing before him in the near-dark, dressed in dark grey hooded catsuits. Their leader stepped forward and pushed back his hood, regarding him with a fierce glare.
Garrus smiled. “Figured you’d gone soft sitting on your throne. Forgot how to hold a gun,” he cracked.
“Hey Cas,” Dean hastily interjected, reaching over to pat Castiel on the shoulder while Sam gave Joker a look of incredulity. “Just out of curiosity, why are you wearing your trenchcoat over your fatigues?”
“He was armed, Commander.” Alenko nodded toward Cortez and the secured locker. “Tried to sneak up on me with a knife--I had Cortez secure it.”
“Uhh...Cas has been getting regular psych evals from Dr. Chakwas,” Sam interjected. “If he were becoming indoctrinated, Shepard would find out before we do.”
“Let’s get ready to roll,” he said quietly. The shuttle set down on a bluff near the geth base, and the three of them hopped out. Tali stood, looking out on the late afternoon scene.
“Onion--Vidalia, I believe. The green stuff is avocado. We weren’t sure what Rasa had given you to eat that wasn’t field rations--so we’ve given you a variety of foods. That way you can form your own tastes. And to vaguely answer your first question: Your angelic side makes you quite unique. The actual answer is something that I think is best discovered on your own.” Israfel separated out a plump segment of orange and offered it to her dining companion. “Here, try this.”
“That doesn’t look like any drive core I’ve seen thus--” Castiel’s voice died in his throat when the structure opened to reveal a lone geth with a large hole in its body, suspended in thick cables that were attached to its torso and held its arms aloft. Its right arm was partially covered by what looked like part of Shepard’s armour. “--far.” The ship’s small drive core was suspended over the geth like a tiny white sun. The geth looked down at the group, and the flaps on its head raised and lowered slightly.
Shepard sat sullenly on the couch in his quarters, tumbler of whisky in his hand. Ninja sat purring on the back of the couch, nuzzling and nosing him in exchange for occasional skritches under the chin and behind the ears. The door opened to admit Kaidan, and the little black cat let out a high-pitched “mew!” before going back to trying to comfort Shepard.
SAM: (rising from chair) Yeah, that’s pretty crazy spicy! (SAM wipes his eyes) Man, those Heshtok peppers really pack a punch! Let me see if I can go fi-- (SAM is interrupted by a garbled gurgling shriek from the MESS and a thump against the door, followed by muffled voices. He goes to the door, and opens it to see CHAKWAS and CASTIEL huddled over JAVIK. JAVIK’s eyes are open wide and he is catatonic, unable to do anything but stare blankly at the ceiling.) Uhh...do I want to know?
CASTIEL: Yes, I did--but an angel was saying something directly to me...but I can’t remember what it was. (grimly) There are angels here, Dean. I’m sure of it.
“A life?” Rasa snapped. “The galaxy is going to shit, and you’re here to play Knight in Shining Armour with me?”
“I know, Tali.” Legion took her hand in both of his and gave it a gentle squeeze. “Thank you. Keelah se’lai.” The geth released its grip and fell to the ground, and went dark.
“Cover me,” Miranda said. “I need to leave a message for anyone who finds this thing.”  Sam nodded and took cover across from the door as Miranda began speaking. “This is Miranda Lawson. If you’re seeing this, then I’ve got information that you can’t ignore. I’ve got proof that my father, Henry Lawson, is working with the Illusive Man…”
Dean’s eyes grew wide. He sprang excitedly from his seat and scampered over to the credenza to pick up the box and bring it back to the table. “You, my friend, are a prince among angels.” He opened the box and carefully took out a miniature pecan pie, garnished with a small pouf of whipped cream and a tiny sprig of mint. “Ohhh look at you, my luscious pecan-y beauty,” he cooed, holding the pie in both hands. Dean set the treat down on the table and gazed at it like a treasure hunter looking at a priceless relic, his green eyes twinkling in the light from the lamp over the table.
Castiel floated past them, a few inches off the ground and cloaked in his biotic aura. “No wings--but yes.” The angel stopped and settled to the ground at the edge of the field. He hopped across the ditch and turned to face the brothers, then leaned back against the car parked at the side of the road. When the brothers emerged from the cornfield, Dean’s eyes lit up.
“We’ll do our best to make sure it doesn’t come to that,” Dean interjected. “Sammy, Cas--we’ve got work to do.” He nodded his head back toward the door to the War Room, then turned and walked out with Sam and Castiel right behind him. “And hopefully,” he muttered, “James and Steve won’t be canoodling in the shuttle when we get to the armoury.”
“It was the least we could do,” Dean said. “We didn’t know your dad that well, but we owe him big time for convincing Shepard to give us a chance. If there’s anything you need, let us know and we’ll do our best to help out.”
Tears started streaming down Israfel’s face. She stood and turned to look out the window at the stars. “I had to watch our son
Shepard looked at Dean for a long moment and narrowed his eyes. “Lieutenant Cortez,” he finally said, “Escort our “guests” to the Medbay, if you would.” He looked back at the Winchesters. “I’ll deal with them when we’re done at the Archives.”
Ori if Azrael hadn’t been here backing me up, Stannis--and he wouldn’t have had a lot of trouble either, given all the implants that Cerberus must have put in him.”
The Normandy goes on shore leave, things go pear-shaped immediately, and we're introduced to another player.
Dean piped up. “Well y’see Commander, there’s no other way to explain this--but my brother and I, we’re hunters. We, uhh...” Dean’s voice died when Shepard started to get up out of his seat, fists balled. His knuckles were white, the muscles in his neck tensed. A faint blue sheen sprang up on the Commander’s skin.
Castiel tilted his head slightly. “I was just curious,” he said absently as he watched the bruises slowly fade from Sam’s face. “If I may ask, what exactly does Medi-Gel do?”
“Wh--” Shepard looked around, eyes unfocused as he was helped up by the three strangers in grey. "Who..."
“Got it.” After a few seconds, Shepard heard “Dammit Cas, what are you try--” before the comms went dead.
“I know, Commander. But we can’t worry about that right now. Focus on what we have and what we can still bring together. And if Castiel can help us find more of his people...”
“Definitely not in Kansas anymore,” Dean said. “You don’t look much better than I do, by the way.” Sam was similarly grass-stained and had a couple of leaves in his shoulder-length brown hair, which Dean reached up and removed with his free hand. He looked down at Castiel, who was slumped between him and Sam. His trenchcoat had some smudges of dirt on it, but otherwise was still clean. “Cas?” Dean gently patted Castiel’s cheeks, causing the angel to look up at him like a drunk on a bender. “Hey,” Dean said, “Stay with us here buddy. Do you know where we are?”
Shepard stopped the security guard with a hand on his chest. Dean watched him get in the guard’s face, then watched the guard take a step back and answer a hail on his comms. After a minute, Shepard put up his hands and gave the guard his best sheepish look, and the guard continued on his way.
. He was Dean Winchester, he was a Hunter, and for once he was home. The trees started to shimmer as the battle raged, and the Leviathans started to change form to become husks.
“Not even dying could keep our boy from getting a job done,” he said, his voice softening to a burry whisper. “He’ll be fine--
Miranda stared at Sam for several long moments before finally lowering her pistol. “Fine. Grab a rifle and come with me. But I’ll be watching you.” She punctuated her statement by flaring her barrier, then walked out of the lab and beckoned Sam to follow. “You already know that this is a Cerberus facility,” she said. She looked back over her shoulder for a moment. “I’ve come to make sure that it’s shut down, and deal with the man behind it once and for all.”
The elevator doors opened. “Of course, Shepard. Joker would also like me to let you know that the cat treats are in your top right desk drawer.”
“Excuse me, Dr. T’soni.” Glyph buzzed over by Liara’s desk from his post near the door to her quarters. “I have received a text-only message for you from an unknown address.”  Liara looked up at her info drone and raised an eyebrow.
people who care for Earth--for humanity--far more than Shepard or any of his alien friends,” he said smoothly, “They’re ready to help, they have the resources to end the Reaper threat, and I’m sure that they’d welcome you quite warmly. If you like, I’d be happy to get you in contact with--”
“Councilor Udina,” Kaidan said, turning toward Udina and pointing his pistol at him, “Step away from the console.” Councilor Tevos walked up to Udina and put a hand on his arm, fixing him with a stern look. Udina shoved the asari to the ground and pulled out a pistol, which he pointed at her. His face had anger written all over it.
“Hey you two.” Shepard was already in the War Room when Dean and Garrus walked in. He stood on the other side of a large shallow tank with several panels arranged around its lip, with Kaidan, Sam, and Liara standing next to him. “Cas coming alo--” Shepard’s question was interrupted by Castiel hurrying around the corner, cup of coffee in hand. “That answers that question,” he quipped. “Don’t spill,” he said with a wry smile, “Or you’ll owe the Alliance for a new holoprojector.”
“You can’t rush perfection, Sammy.” Dean took a bite of the pie and slowly chewed with a look of sheer bliss on his face, a dot of whipped cream on his nose. The pie was a perfect combination of pecans and sugar and crunch and soft and flaky. He heard a chuckle and looked over at his brother with crumbs around his lips and a mouthful of pie. “Whu?”
"Mamnoon" is Persian (Farsi) for "Thank you". Modern Iranians say "mersi", but given that Adileh is not from modern Iran it made more sense to me to use an older and more formalized form of "thanks".
SAM: Umm...is this a bad time for me to mention that there are new books? Like “Post-Apocalypse”  books?
Shepard walked down the hallway at the hospital, glancing in each room as he went. His progress was slow because of the profusion of gurneys and wounded patients in the hall. He finally walked up to a nearby doctor. “Excuse me--a drell named Thane Krios was brought in here with a stab wound. He’s a friend of mine, I’d like to see him if I can.”
“I once swore I would never shed angelic blood, Kael. So much for my promises,” Israfel said, voice heavy with sadness. “See to Chief Faber’s remains, please. She didn’t have any family, so Steven won’t have to write a letter.” He rubbed his chin for a moment. “And I need to give my friend his body back so we can have a talk that I’d hoped would wait until the end of the War.”
“Oh great.” Shepard grumbled as he unhooked his shotgun and opened it up. “Let’s roll--we stick together, understand?” He looked at Castiel and quirked an eyebrow. “We’ll find out who that angel is when we catch up to them. From what you told me in the brig, I’m going to guess that’s the angel that sent you an emergency message--so hopefully, they’re not indoctrinated.”
Shepard turned away from the screen to face his squad. Garrus and Kaidan scanned the area for any more Cerberus interlopers, as Castiel stared down at the floor.
“Patrol Fleet,” Raan ordered, voice heavy with resignation, “Protect the Heavy Fleet. Give them a firing lane.”
Mordin looked up from his microscope. “Sorry. Busy with genophage cure. Didn’t see.” The salarian scientist stroked his chin for a moment, then added, “Heard sound, however. Like bird taking flight.”
“You’ve already seen the mess, the medbay, the armory, and part of Engineering. It’s about time I introduced you to some of the other members of the crew,” Shepard told them on the way into the cockpit. He stepped to one side, letting the newest members of Normandy’s crew slide in. “Joker, I’d like you to meet the Winchester brothers and their friend Castiel. Gentlemen, this is Jeff Moreau, the best pilot in the Alliance fleet. And in the co-pilot’s seat is EDI, the ship’s AI.” The pilot’s seat turned around to reveal a young man in Alliance fatigues, wearing a cap emblazoned with SR-2. He had a short gingery beard and sparkling green eyes. He smiled and reached up to shake their hands.
Castiel finally gets his biotics under control, with help from Jimmy Novak. Shepard and Kaidan confess their feelings to each other. Dean discusses spirits with Vega and Garrus. And Sam talks Reaper Traps with Joker and EDI.
“Cerberus…” Castiel murmured. “All gone.” He sighed and slumped against Shepard as his eyes closed again. Shepard picked him up and slung him over his shoulder in a fireman’s carry before slowly standing.
“It’s okay Cas,” Dean whispered. “Really. It tickles, but I like it. Getting teased is part of the--.” He closed his eyes and slowly took in a deep breath as Castiel’s lips brushed the tip of his erection. The angel exhaled, breath hot on Dean's length, and it was all that the hunter could do to keep from thrusting his hips upward. “Oh my...Cas…” he half-moaned through an exhale of his own.
“Man...” Dean sighed. “OK, Thane’s apparently decided to lone-wolf it--but he gave us a pointer to where we need to go. Everyone ready?” Sam and Castiel nodded. “Good--let’s roll.” He popped his head around one side of the storefront, and saw a Cerberus combat engineer getting ready to set up an automated turret. Dean fired off another salvo of spikes from his shotgun and hit the turret’s housing, causing it to shred the engineer with a hail of deadly shrapnel when it exploded.
“Once the arms are open, Shield fleet will escort the Crucible in to dock.” Hackett looked over at Shepard. “But timing will be critical. We don’t have enough firepower to keep the Crucible safe for long.”
Stannis Shepard felt gentle hands cradling him, strength returning to his limbs, and a kiss on his forehead. When he woke up, a fluorescent light was shining in his face. He put a hand over his eyes to shield them from the bright light, and slowly sat up. He was on a steel-frame cot with a thin mattress and slightly understuffed pillow. “What the…?”  A groan from behind him made Shepard twist around to see somebody in a fetal position on a similar cot. The light over his head was off. “Kaidan?”  The groaning man nodded slowly. “Migraine?” Kaidan nodded again. “Dammit.” He looked around the room. It was circular, the walls made of riveted iron. Shepard looked up and saw an intricate metalwork design in the ceiling’s ventilation grill. “Where the fuck are we?” He stood, and looked down. He was wearing loose-fit blue jeans, sneakers, and a white t-shirt. Kaidan was similarly dressed. The floor had a design on it that was the same as the design in the ceiling vent. On one wall, there was a white metal chest labelled FIRST AID. Shepard walked across the room and opened the box. He dug through the chest until he found a leather kit with a zipper. He unzipped it and found several pre-loaded hypodermic needles labelled MORPHINE, along with several sealed foil squares. A slightly yellowed note in the kit read ONLY USE IN EMERGENCIES, THIS SHIT’S EXPENSIVE. USE AN ALCOHOL PAD. INFECTIONS ARE A BITCH.
“I recommend caution in the Main Battery,” Castiel said. “There was some resistance, which I took care of--but the main problem will be the shockwave from the dreadnought’s main gun. It’s...pretty strong.” He slid down the nearby ladder, squad following.
Hackett nodded and took the datapad. “Has he been able to find his missing Irregulars?” He looked up at his aide-de-camp. “For that matter, have
East on Ten Nursery is an homage to a nursery from my home state of North Dakota. After almost 40 years away, I still remember their tagline: "East on Ten, North of the Pen!"
The Quarian-Geth conflict finally comes to an end. Team Free Will lays a trap, and Shepard steals a kiss in the middle of a firefight.
“Sort of. I absorbed the eezo in the drive core.” His aura vanished, and Castiel dug in an inside pocket for another energy drink. “I’ll have to explain later.” He cracked open the drink and drained it in two gulps before throwing the empty bottle into the rubbish bin. “We really should head to C-Sec HQ.”
If anyone wants to take on the task of being my beta, please shoot me a PM or hit me up on tumblr. My requirements are pretty simple: Ask lots of questions, be thorough, challenge me, and be willing to call me on my bullshit if you think I'm going off the rails.
Sam groaned as he slowly rolled over and sat up. “Cas, it’s me.” He rubbed the back of his head and winced. “It’s Sam. I’m driving.” The hunter winced and slowly stood. “Put the guns away,” he said. He steadied himself and put his hands up. “Cas, I--” The shadow of a birthmark flickered on Sam’s forehead for an instant, and static crackled over the biotic angel as his barrier blossomed around him.
“Yeah, Cas is an angel.” Dean sighed. “He wants to help, but he’s like an overgrown child--like his heart’s in the right place, but he doesn’t quite get that he sometimes causes more problems than he solves.”
“When Major Al--Kaidan was in the medbay before we got him to the Citadel,” Shepard said quietly, “Liara and I saw Castiel put his hand on Kaidan and concentrate, like he was trying to make him better. The disappointment on his face...I don’t know. I don’t completely get them, but my gut tells me that they’re on our side.” He sighed. “And we can use all the help we can get.”
Shepard had come into the medbay while Eve and Dean were talking. He stood and listened to Dean pouring his heart out to the shaman for a few minutes before he turned and walked out. Sam was sitting in the mess watching through the window, and looked over when Shepard came over to his table and sat down. “Everything okay?”
“Kaidan, you had to take the shot. I saw the whole thing--you acted with integrity. What Udina did isn’t a reflection on you.” Shepard took a half-step forward, and Kaidan turned to face him.
Azrael got a horrified expression on his face. “Fuck no!” the angel shot back. “I find it to be reprehensible, I despise Michael and Raphael for ordering it done, and I never, ever did it to you or anyone else. All I did was block off your memories of how you got here. If you decide to drop this force field and let me out,” he explained, “I can start the process of unblocking them. But you’ll have to ask your comrade Dr. T’soni to complete the process. They’re in a vault with two locks, as it were.” He shrugged apologetically. “I wanted to make sure that if those shitheads in Cerberus got their mitts on you, they wouldn’t be able to dig around in your head.” The angel sighed. “Look--I can’t tell you guys more than that. And I can’t--won’t--give up the names of the angels that are here, because it’ll be a distraction to you and to them. Please. I may not be able to provide much in the way of aid, but whatever aid I
Shepard unhooked his shotgun and expanded it. “Let’s get ready to move, people!” The cabin echoed with the sound of bullets pinging off the shuttle’s exterior. The door popped open to reveal Cerberus troops dug in and putting up heavy resistance. Shepard led the squad out, punching a hole in the Cerberus defences by charging into knots of troopers. The five soldiers fought a running battle back to a ruined building that stood between them and the bomb site.
Castiel put a hand on their shoulders before either of them could wander off any farther. “We’re on a mission,” he said, nodding towards a trio of Salarian snipers who were giving them suspicious looks. “And we're being monitored. I don't think it's wise to wander.”  The three of them watched as Shepard talked to the facility’s director before shaking his hand while a still-grumpy Wrex was accompanied into the facility by a trio of salarian guards. Dean reached down and picked up a pebble that was lying on the tarmac, and put it in one of the pockets of his armour.
He was free again. Once more he was a wavelength of celestial intent, skipping through rivers of stellar dust at the speed of thought, unencumbered by the demands of a celestial bureaucracy that had long ago decided to ignore its divine mission. He no longer felt helpless, the way he did when Metatron stole his grace and cast him and the other angels out of Heaven. Indeed, he now felt like he could help his Father’s creations again--to do what He had asked of His eldest children before leaving them to watch over His creation.
to be done. The burden of all that is weighing you down more than it should, and I didn’t realise it until I let go of my own burden; the one that had been forced on me by a rescuer that became my jailer.”
Castiel ripped open the wrapper of a meal bar and gobbled it down, then looked around with the wrapper in his hand until he found a bin marked with a turian throwing something inside. He threw the wrapper into the bin, then got out an energy drink from one of his coat’s inside pockets and shotgunned it before throwing the bottle into the bin. “How many of those have you had?” Sam asked.
“What?” Dean looked over at Sam, who looked back at his brother before indicating Vega’s cubbyhole and Cortez’s procurement console, and then nodding toward the shuttle. Dean watched the shuttle for a few seconds, then raised his eyebrows when he saw it shake slightly. He and Sam looked at each other, then to Castiel.
“Rufus Turner.” Shepard opened his eyes and looked over at Sam, who continued, “Rufus was Jewish. His religious strictures don’t allow cremation, so we salted his body and buried him in a coffin with a couple hex bags, and marked the inside with a devil’s trap and some wards. I did the same with Dean’s body after he got killed by a hellhound--turned out to be a good thing, since Cas grabbed his soul out of Hell and had a body to put it back into.”
CHAKWAS: It’s not your fault, Castiel. Javik probably didn’t think that you were anything more than a prodigious human biotic. (JAVIK lets out an undignified squeak) Javik? (JAVIK nods slowly) Do you think you can walk? (JAVIK slowly sits up, shakes his head like he’s clearing mental cobwebs, then slowly nods again) Good. I’d like you to stay in the Medbay for a while.
“Aye aye, Admiral.” Adileh saluted, and walked out to go to her own quarters. When the door shut behind her, she paused for a moment and looked back over her shoulder, eyes glowing brightly. “Good night old friend,” she whispered. “May your sons make you proud.”
CASTIEL: I don’t know. Like I told Shepard after we first came on board; we were in our world, fighting some demons that had ambushed us at the old Singer residence--then there was a bright light, and… (CASTIEL’s voice trails off. His eyes widen, and after a few seconds he smacks his forehead) You have got to be kidding me.
“Us?” Dean removed one of his gauntlets, then reached up to wipe away a tear from Castiel’s face. “Trying to help, wanting to make things better…?” Castiel nodded, and Dean smiled a bit before leaning in to give him a kiss on his grimy forehead. “That’s all we can do, Cas. Try to help whoever we can.” He looked over at his brother. “Got that tower taken out?”
Stannis gets himself together with help from the rest of Team Free Will, we learn how he dealt with the secret in the Hall of the 21st, and Kevin snarks at an archangel.
“Uhh, Stannis, we have pockets.” Kaidan patted Shepard’s ass and winked. The two of them laughed and shared another kiss as they put their wallets in their back pockets and the cellphones in a front pocket of their jeans. A pair of jackets were thrown over the arms of the desk chair. “At least we’ve got something, rather than just being left to our own devices like the Winche--” The words died in Kaidan’s throat when he walked over to the door and looked out the open viewport. “Holy shit!” He opened the door wide and ran out into the main part of the basement. “Stannis, get out here!” Shepard ran out of the panic room and pulled up when he saw flames.
“The Omni-Tool also has mini-facturing capabilities. If you’re in the field and you need a spare part to make repairs, you can program your tool to make the part you need out of common elements in the surrounding environment. You can also use it for close combat weapons, like this.” As if on cue, Adams popped out a wicked-looking flaming orange blade.
“That’s not Sam,” Castiel cautioned, quickly drawing his SMGs and training them on the man on the floor. “Kaidan, step away from--”
“It’s Cas.” Kaidan’s voice was serious. “He's passed out cold, and Cortez has him on the shuttle. He'll come back for the rest of us, but you guys should go back to the Normandy with him.” The Winchesters scrambled into the shuttle, and Cortez took off as the door closed behind them.
“Yeah yeah, moment of silence for the camera drone,” Joker said, levering himself up out of his chair to get up in the angel’s face. “Where’s EDI?”
A man in a simple blue tunic and kilt walked up to her. His broad face had a wave design painted on it, and his almond-shaped green eyes sparkled in the setting sun of the planet now known as Khar’shan. His long red hair hung in loose waves over his shoulders. “Is it really you, Israfel?”
“Only the ones that decided to work for Lucifer once the Apocalypse rolled around. The others I brought here as refugees,” Azrael replied. “I just told Michael that I killed them--and that self-righteous fuckbagel actually believed it,” she quipped with a snort. “I took their blades before sending them through the door, and gave them to him--then my sister helped them get settled in on this side. She’s given our people here something to believe in, something worth fighting for.”
“Roger that,” Dean replied. He took several steps forward and felt his feet suddenly get heavy. A tiny heads-up display popped up in front of him and flashed a message saying Magnetic Traction: ON. Dean blinked, and carefully took another step forward.  The group made its way through the docking tube, pausing when they got to a hole that had been punched in it during an earlier firefight. “Damn,” Dean said, pointing to the planet below, “Is that your homeworld, Tali?”
“Good.” Azrael sighed and yawned a bit, then leaned back. “I split myself in half when I brought you here. The other half is in my original vessel, acting as an anchor.” She patted her round stomach. “This is what she looks like. Very nice girl named Nadira.”
Gabriel shut off the program and stood silently in the middle of the room. He sighed deeply. “You’ve gotta be shitting me.” He pinched the bridge of his nose and shook his head, then walked over to the door. He touched the wall next to the door, but didn’t feel the hum he felt earlier. He opened the door and walked into the hall, where he reached out toward the wall in front of him. His hand was millimeters away from the wall when a voice interrupted him.
“Can’t say that I have, Kaidan. Why do you ask?” Shepard’s heart skipped a beat. “Are you asking for advice?” Kaidan gently shooed Ninja off the couch, and shifted to face his CO.
“Negative!” Admiral Gerrel responded. “We can win this war now, while the geth are disorganised! All ships, keep firing!”
“Hurry!” Liara shouted from Castiel’s left as Kaidan started to buckle under the strain. “We can’t hold him much longer!” Castiel was about to break the stasis when he felt something cold and metallic clamp over first one wrist and then the other. His biotics failed, and the angel collapsed to the deck along with Kaidan. Liara staggered and dropped to one knee, panting with exertion. James rushed over and knelt next to the asari, who nodded and waved him off. “I’ll be okay--check on Kaidan. Let Shepard know that we’ve got Cas.”
“Yes?  Yes, I’ll tell her.” The clerk set the phone down. “Mister Foster will see you now,” she said with a smile.
Shepard smiled. “Thanks, James. As for the three of you, you’re now Alliance irregulars. You don’t have ranks as such, but you’re attached to the Normandy and you answer directly to me. Congratulations.”
“Element Zero,” Shepard said. “It’s our two-edged sword--on one hand, it’s made so much of our technology possible. On the other hand, the Reapers are the ones behind it all. For millennia, they’ve been manipulating races to a certain level of technological progress and then harvesting them. We managed to stop them three years ago, but I knew it was only a matter of time before they came calling again.” He sighed deeply. “It’s frustrating, trying to warn people about impending doom, trying to make them get ready, and not being listened to.”
“I don’t know.” Lt. Adileh “Adi” Benson took a deep breath and let it out slowly. “All that anyone has so far is that recording, and we’re the only ones to see it. Izzy didn’t tell me what exactly she had planned before she left, but she was emphatic that she
Dean nodded. “Yeah, I think so.” He and Shepard ate in silence for a few minutes while Sam fiddled with his Omni-Tool. “Is Eve gonna live?” Dean finally asked, setting his fork down on the plate.
“Hey. I was on my way to talk to you two.” Shepard sighed. He put his head back against the wall of the elevator and closed his eyes. “Hopefully, you’ll be a little easier to talk to than Wrex was.”
A tiny iridium cylinder sat in a glass holder on the tabletop. The prongs on the end glowed white as grace flowed into it from a vial in the base of the holder. As the last of the grace migrated into the cylinder, a reaper trap inscribed on the cylinder brightened. The cylinder began to hum faintly.
doing here?!” Gabriel demanded, pointing at the display case. His face darkened, and he immediately summoned his barrier. “A live husk? Seriously?” He glared at Israfel and balled his fists. “I can’t...WHY?” he shouted. “Why do you have a live husk in this place?!”
He ignored the question. “Are you able to monitor some frequencies and energy wavelengths for me without alerting anyone else on the ship?” he asked. He stood and turned to fully face the camera. He was grieving when he first returned to the Normandy, but now he felt himself burning with righteous fury and purpose that manifested in the occasional ripple of static over his body.
“Shepard’s inbound on C-Sec HQ in a shuttle with James and Liara,” Joker said. “Thane got a hold of us on an emergency channel and told us what was happening when we didn’t get an answer from Alliance Control. Want me to have Cortez come get you?”
“Something’s not right,” Councilor Tevos said, “Shepard said that there were Cerberus assassins coming after us.”
Dean looked back at the civilians, who were staring at the trio with fear in their eyes. “Get them to a safe place," he said to the C-Sec officers. "We’ll do our best to clear out as many of these Cerberus mooks as we can.” He turned and went back to Castiel and Sam. “OK, let’s go--and thanks to your little stunt, Cas, we can look forward to being on the nightly news for the rest of the war.”
“Love what we’ve done with the place,” Jimmy quipped. He stuck out his hand and smiled. “Congratulations,” he said, “and thanks for helping me with this.” Castiel shook his hand, and Jimmy’s blue outline shifted to cover Cas like a biotic barrier. “Wherever you go,” Jimmy said, “whatever happens, I’ll always be here.”
Tali gasped slightly. “You want to make the geth as smart as when the Reapers were controlling them?”
“He, uh, ate a drive core,” Sam replied. Tali looked up at him, and the large hunter nodded. “Two of them.”
“Something like that,” Garrus responded. “I’m sure I’m forgetting something, though, so you may want to ask Doctor Chakwas when we get back on the Normandy. Oh, try the Varren skewers with the Tummy Tingling Tuchanka Sauce,” he said to Dean. “Spicy, but I’m told they’re pretty good. Of course, it was a teenage krogan who told me that so...what’s that phrase? Your mileage may vary?”
“How many did we--you lose?” Adileh asked quietly. “Izzy couldn’t bring herself to share that with me.”
“Juice?” Jimmy offered the glass to Castiel. When he shook his head, Jimmy shrugged and took another drink. With each sip, the lights flickered a little less and were a little brighter when they came up again. Cas got up from the table and walked toward Jimmy. The angel reached out and put a hand on his shoulder, and the lights came up and stayed up. “Looks like our electrolytes are back to normal,” Jimmy mused. “That’s certainly a good thing.”
was unexpected, but your help has been invaluable. Thanks to your efforts, Cerberus was greatly hampered and the Reapers lost their major ally. On behalf of the Alliance, I wish to express my gratitude.”
“No good Stannis,” Kaidan replied. “The clone’s jamming our communications.” He popped up from behind a shelving unit and surrounded a merc heavy with a biotic field, then followed up with a pair of micro-singularities that detonated the field. The merc exploded from the force of the detonation, which sent desks flying in all directions. A sickening crunch heralded the caving-in of a sniper’s head, and two troopers staggered from the force of the blast. Kaidan hit one of the mercs with another field that sent the merc thrashing, and Shepard charged him to set off another biotic explosion that gibbed the merc and finished off his partner.
“Yeah.” Shepard hunkered down next to her and took out an energy bar. He quickly devoured it, washing it down with several deep swigs of water from his hardsuit’s internal drinking reservoir. “But it won’t be worth anything if we don’t get that blast shield open.” He looked over at Kaidan. “Ready, K?”
“Yeah, and she just reported in--they got the breadcrumb. She's going to have to go dark, though...for obvious reasons.”
“That’s our cue, everyone--grab your gear. Brooks, you t--” Shepard turned around to go toward the stairs, when he stopped in his tracks and looked down at a Volus carrying a red-and-white box. He looked back at the group. “Uhh, what’s with the Volus?”
“Mmmph.” The angel finished chewing and swallowed when Dean fixed him with an annoyed look. “Sorry--I, uh, should be okay now.” He cracked open an energy drink and drained in three large gulps. A couple of drops ran down his chin, and he wiped his mouth with his sleeve, then let out a poorly-stifled belch. “OK, let’s go.”
Azrael walked over to the desk and sat down. The man behind the desk took out two bottles of sparkling mead and set one in front of her. “Drinking before noon?” the angel quipped in mock indignation as she reached for her bottle and popped the top. “Why, I never!” She chuckled and took a drink. The mead was dry and fruity. “Ooh, Raspberry?” Azrael asked, sniffing the top of the bottle.
Dean set his coil down. “I take it we can’t exactly head to a parts place and buy what we need.” Steve grinned and pointed to the Omni-Tool on the back of Dean’s hand.
Dean nodded as he swallowed his bite of food and took a swig of his beer. “Only this guy’s not a now-mortal crossroads demon who wants to take over the world. He’s just a smarmy dick who hangs out with a seriously bad crowd.” He took a look at the label on his bottle. “'Scuse me,” he called to the turian cook, “Where did you say this beer was from?”
The view went dark for a moment as Gabriel leaned in and then back. Stannis could be seen on-camera, battered and bloodied, eyes glassy and unfocused. “I wish I could take back everything I did," Gabriel said sadly, "but I can’t...so this is my chance to balance the books, and I hope that you’ll be able to forgive me for what I tried to do to you. Go on, get him out of here,” the younger brother continued as Stannis lapsed into unconsciousness. “I’ll finish this. I’ll see you soon, big brother.”
Shepard ducked behind a desk to let his barrier regenerate after a sending a small knot of mercs flying with a biotic detonation. “Is that a catch phrase, Wrex?”
“The biotic escaped, according to the extraction team.” The woman nodded over to Sam. “The brothers stayed behind to provide cover, apparently.”
“Yes,” Tali replied. She popped up and fired off a blast with her shotgun, causing an incoming Geth trooper to explode in a shower of metal and greyish-white hydraulic fluid. Castiel and Sam followed up with chained Overload blasts that dropped three more troopers, and the group started to advance. “Look out for the ones with the flamethrowers,” Tali cautioned when two geth with tanks on their backs dropped in, “They’re nasty!”
Hackett smiled softly and patted Shepard on the shoulder. “Then we’ve spared ourselves at least one awkward family chat,” he joked. “But your mother would still like to hear from you before you reach the Charon Relay.” The pair walked into the comms room, where a holographic Admiral Anderson stood on the Tertiary QEC pad. “Admiral,” Hackett asked, “How you holding up?”
“The Creators attacked. The Geth wished to live. The Old Machines extended an offer. The decision to ally with them...” it paused for a moment. “...was difficult, but we felt that we had no choice. It was a matter of survival.”
“Ninja’s a very good judge of character, according to Shepard. And he’s also rather fond of people-watching. He’s got a gift for finding spots that give him the best view of whatever strikes his fancy--usually an unsuspecting crewmember that he thinks he can steal a snack from.” Garrus chuckled and sipped at his cup of dextro coffee. “Thane once said that when cats finally evolve to gain opposable thumbs, they’ll become the best thieves and assassins in the galaxy. Oh no you don’t, little guy.” Garrus leaned down and gently shooed the cat away before he could leap onto the kitchen counter, and Ninja let out a perturbed feline huff before padding off toward the elevator with his tail held high. After a couple of minutes, Dean came around the corner, rubbing his eyes.
“Long night?” The wiry blonde man stood and deactivated his Omni-Tool. Faber had a florid heart-shaped face and thin hair that refused to stay completely pinned up, which made her look like she’d been on a bender in the ship’s lounge even when she was stone-sober.
Shepard nodded. “Then go to the armory and make sure your gear is ready, because we’re going to hit the relay in two hours. It’s time to cut the head off of Cerberus.”
"No!" Static crackled over him as his barrier reflexively came up. “I am Stannis,” he bellowed as hot tears started to roll down his cheeks. “I am Stannis Michael Shepard! Me! Not him! Me!” He took several deep breaths, eyebrows knitting and mouth opening and closing as he looked around the room with wide eyes, then collapsed to his knees and started to cry. “It was all supposed to be mine,” he sobbed, letting go of Israfel. “The Normandy, the salvation of humanity...it was mine…”
“What’s up?” Shepard asked. Dean looked down and saw everyone staring at him. Legion raised an eyeflap slightly.
’s AI cradled the sleeping form of her beloved pilot in the arms of her mobile platform. In other parts of the ship, EDI’s crewmates sought what comfort they could as the ship approached the Sol system.
The star drifted close to the ship, passing through the hull and into the cargo bay where it coalesced into Castiel. The angel settled to the deck to see Kaidan standing alone in the middle of the cargo bay, his back to him.
Dean flew through Bobby’s front window, half-pushed and half-thrown. He landed hard, face-first, on wet grass and almost immediately passed out.
“EDI--the Enhanced Defence Intelligence--is the ship’s Artificial Intelligence,” Dr. Chakwas commented as she started to scan Dean. “Normally she’d answer for herself, but she’s currently hard at work trying to extract some data from that Cerberus synthetic in the AI Core.” She stopped briefly when Dean started wriggling in place. “If you’re trying to disrupt my scans, Dean,” Dr. Chakwas cracked with a smile, “you’re failing quite admirably. And it looks like you’ve been through even more than your brother,” she continued. “You also need to eat better, because your liver and heart don’t seem to be very happy with you. There, all done--go get dressed.” Dean nodded and went to put on his new fatigues.
Dean chuckled. “Yeah, I heard about his little stunt on Mars. I bet you had a lot of fun fixing this thing up after that.” He looked around, hands out from his sides a bit as if searching for something on his person. “Man, I feel like I need a beer in my hand if I’m going to be talking auto shop. Anyway,” he continued, “James suggested that you could teach me something about fixing a shuttle. I get the feeling he thinks I could maybe give you a hand from time to time.”
“Cas...fuck that’s so perfect...that’s...oh god…” Dean arched his back slightly, and Castiel responded by cupping his hands under Dean's ass. He felt Cas disengage from him, and whimpered. Castiel took one of Dean’s balls in his mouth and gently sucked on it for a few seconds before turning his attention to its mate. Dean felt the tension rising deep inside him, and moaned. “Cas...gonna cum if you keep it up.”
Castiel nodded. “When an angel wants or needs to walk among mortals,” he continued, “we must take a vessel. This body I have is an advertising salesman from Illinois who consented to be my vessel.”
“The Reapers are using a transport beam to carry humans--alive and dead--up to the Citadel,” explained Anderson. “From the FOB, Hammer will launch an all-out assault on the Citadel beam, and whoever makes it up there will be in charge of opening the arms of the station.”
“We’re getting interference from the geth jamming towers,” Gerrel said. “We can’t make a precision shot.”
“We received a transmission via the emergency backchannel three days ago,” came the somber reply from a middle-aged man with close-cropped salt-and-pepper hair, dressed in battered armour like some bounty hunter from Omega.  “He’s gone to ground with the Batarian resistance, and he said not to wait up for him. Kael's reported in--Palaven’s been hit, and the Arcturus comm buoys went dark shortly thereafter. They’re hitting hard and fast.”
Sam gripped Azrael by the shoulders and fixed her with a determined gaze. “Okay,” he said. “What do I need to do?” Azrael grimaced and reached up to put her hands on Sam’s shoulders.
“Could be worse, I guess.” He ran a hand through his hair while Dean put his jeans and shoes on again.
Cadfael stood at the map table, reading a report from a field agent. “Vas’jak perash!” He frowned at the report scrolling up the screen in front of him.  Annother angel--a strapping red-headed woman who looked like Cadfael’s identical twin minus the beard--standing opposite him looked up from her own report.
“Gabriel,” Rasa said. “It seems fitting, that name.” She walked over to him and looked up at him. “I…” She put a hand on his arm, then brought it up to caress his cheek. “There was a time when you would have just taken me,” she remarked. “Without even asking.”
Israfel walked into the ready room and saluted. “Admiral.”  Hackett indicated the chair next to him at the table as the door closed. She walked forward and sat down, and Hackett took off his cap, setting it down on the table. “You okay, Steven?” she asked.
Every Allied ship cut loose with Thanix cannons and conventional mass-accelerator ordnance. Thanix bolts slammed into Reaper capital vessels, shattering armor and opening holes for smaller rounds to sever limbs and do damage to internal systems. Allied fighters zipped forward to engage their Reaper counterparts. An Alliance heavy cruiser fired a salvo that severed two legs from a capital Reaper with help from a Turian dreadnought’s Thanix cannons, which responded by slicing the cruiser in half with its MHD laser.
“Listen to me--your whole history has been about trying to wipe out the geth. You forced them to rebel, you forced them to ally with the Reapers.” Shepard paused for a moment. “The geth don’t want to fight you. If you can believe that, for just one minute, this war would be over. I’m begging you. Please.” he paused again before adding, “Keelah se’lai.”
KAIDAN: Wait a minute--don’t angels hear prayers? Can’t you pray to them, and one of them will answer? (KAIDAN scratches his head) Maybe that will work?
“Sam’s right. Doct--” Castiel looked up to see the Normandy streaking overhead and back up into space. He tilted his head and listened for a second, then looked up with wide eyes. “They found the Reaper.”
“Wait,” Thane said. “Some subtlety is called for--Cerberus will be keeping tabs on all the elevators and are most likely monitoring all video feeds, so we need to exercise caution.” He reached for a pistol and some clips. Dean grabbed several more clips and handed them to Castiel, who stashed them in one of the pockets of his trenchcoat. "We need to get to C-Sec headquarters."
The woman nodded. “Seriously.” She stood and set her glass down on the table. “My name is Israfel, and I am an Angel of the Lord.” To punctuate her statement, Her eyes began to glow slightly and the shadow of a magnificent set of wings spread out on the wall behind her. “I’m the one who caught you when you fell.”
pollu--” His words were cut short by a sharp punch to the face. Camael staggered under the blow and immediately put a hand to his nose.
“Batarian?” She raised an eyebrow and flipped a lock of hair out of her face. “It’s gotta be bad, if you’re cursing in Batarian. What’s up?”
“Here, catch!” Sam tossed him something wrapped in foil and pointed back over his left shoulder. “There’s a whole assload of them in that store right there.” Castiel opened the package to find what looked like a slightly moist granola bar. He hungrily devoured the bar, and strolled past Sam into the store. Dean and Sam heard the sound of another foiled wrapper tearing and boxes falling from shelves, and walked in to find the angel shoving fistfuls of the meal bars into the pockets of his coat along with about a dozen small energy-drink bottles. “Good thing we remembered to bring it from the Normandy for him,” Sam jibed. Castiel turned when he heard Sam, and stood there with a meal bar sticking out of his mouth, looking rather like a child who had been caught with his hand in a cookie jar. Several bars fell out of his overstuffed pockets before he bit off a chunk of the bar and ate it.
“We could have an archangel’s hitman chasing us again,” Sam offered somewhat helpfully. He got up from the floor and walked around the medbay briefly before coming back to his companions. There was a desk and a computer on one side of the front part of the room, and a counter and some cabinets on the other side. “You know," he said, standing in the middle of the room, "for a ship’s sickbay you’d think that this would be more...I dunno, futuristic-looking. More Star Trek and less Doctor Sexy, M.D.”
Dean smiled and nodded, and they kissed again. “I more than liked it. I just wonder how I’m going to measure up now,” he joked. “I mean, I don’t have biotics, but…” They rolled so that Castiel was under Dean. “Here, relax and let me show you a couple of other things I like.” He started to kiss his way down Castiel’s torso as the angel closed his eyes and sighed happily.
“You know what I mean, old friend. You have a job that you have to do, and you’ll have to do it without my help. Go. I’ll hold down the fort and keep an eye on Steven until you get back.”
Shepard pursed his lips and engaged his comms. “Cas, this is Shepard--you want to tell me why you want to split up again?”
“Human literature about vampires depicts a stake through the heart as the most effective way to destroy one. But according to the diary, a vampire can only be killed by decapitation.” EDI blinked for a moment. “I briefly wondered if it that would work on Ardat-Yakshi, since they are somewhat like vampires--but that would be a rather illogical question, as decapitation will kill anyone with a central nervous system, including an Ardat-Yakshi.”
Castiel unleashed two heavy biotic shockwaves in succession, staggering the Prime and flattening a hunter standing right behind it. Sam and Tali stunned it with chained heavy overload shocks to give Castiel time to hit the enormous geth platform with an intense biotic field that quickly dropped it to the ground. The platform began to shudder, and Castiel threw up a barrier just before it exploded to spray shrapnel over the room.
“Then I hope you brought an army,” the female intoned. Shepard’s Omni-Tool started blinking. He tapped the back of his left hand, and a holographic screen popped up.
“Hey Cas,” Garrus handed Castiel a cup of coffee from the dispenser. “Where’s Dean? Don’t worry about the coffee--it’s not dextro.”
“A’neth’k,” P’a’l commented. “It’s a reference to one of the myths of our people,” he explained when Gabriel looked at him. “A’neth’k was a great builder and engineer, who created cities in the stars and was close to Y’ki’ith--the god who nurtured our people when they first came up out of the Waters of Creation.” He sighed. “But it was all a ruse, and he betrayed Y’ki’ith to the enemies of the gods, who destroyed him and scattered his remains across the universe, where they became the seeds of all races.” The soul looked up at Gabriel. “Their story is in the Hall of the 20th Cycle,” he said grimly. “The third set of characters, is also Enochian, but I don’t recognize it.”
“If my namesake were here, I think he would say that he and the Winchesters proved that destiny isn’t exactly immutable.” Gabriel smiled slightly. “Israfel…” He took the angel’s hands in his. “...Father.” Gabriel paused for a moment. “Sorry, it still feels strange to call you that when you’re in that vessel. Even so--I know what’s coming. It’s not something I can fully articulate, but you and I both know that I am not the man you need for that job.” He sighed. “Come on, you know that my birth wasn’t intended. I may be a happy accident, but I’m an accident all the same--and I don’t have the experience that Stannis has. You’re
A Shepard is found in the wreckage of the Crucible, and we find out just how much time passed in Heaven during the War.
“I find the diary to be quite enlightening, Sam.” EDI closed the diary and handed it back to him. “I have read through it several times.”
“Probably lots of Salarians, since it’s their homeworld. And we won’t be able to tell anyone about it when we get home,” Sam replied. “Which makes it a little less exciting.”
The Librarians stood at parade rest, listening intently to Admiral Hackett’s address as it echoed through the Library. Ruth kept an eye on a recording console, casting her eyes down to it every few seconds to make sure that it was capturing the speech for archival in the Hall of the 41st Cycle.
KAIDAN: Yeah--I read a couple of the shorter ones. Does Cas ever get jealous of Sam? (DEAN facepalms. KAIDAN shrugs.) Maybe it’s just some subtext I’m n--
“Negative,” Shepard replied. He scrambled down to the bottom of the ridge and stood there. “If we don’t take this thing down, the Geth stay under Reaper control and the Quarians are dead. This ends now.”
JAVIK nods weakly, gets up, and half-stumbles toward MEDBAY with CHAKWAS right behind him. CASTIEL turns to SAM and LIARA.
“As it should be.” Chakwas nodded. “I’ll keep monitoring him. All the information I get will help me come up with a plan to keep him stable.” She tapped her Omni-Tool, and the lights around Castiel’s bed dimmed. “He does bring up an interesting metaphysical conundrum, though--what if there is a Universal Creator of some kind?”
“Then that’s where we go next,” Shepard said. “Legion, I need you to get started finding that base.” The geth nodded and walked over to a panel, where it started to enter commands.
“Ahem.” The three soldiers looked up to see Traynor holding up her toothbrush. She activated it, and the mass-effect generators on the brush lit up with an electric whir.
“It won’t,” Shepard replied. “He helped save the Council and stop Cerberus’ attempt to take over the Citadel--that will go a long way toward getting the Council to keep their hands off of him. Even if they do try asking for him, I’ll claim Spectre authority to make sure that all they’ll get are the medical records that you give them.” He looked over at Castiel, who had dozed off. “If we manage to win this war, any decision about submitting to further research will be his and his alone.”
keep fighting,” Azrael declared. She gave Sam’s hand a squeeze. “We keep fighting, for Dean and for everyone else under the thumb of those metal bastards. And if we find a way to help your brother, we’ll take it. Agreed?”
Dean narrowed his eyes a bit. He sat back and crossed his arms. “Really. So what brings you here, ‘Councilor’?”
“So,” Shepard said as the shuttle flew toward the coordinates provided by the turians, “tell me about this Cerberus bomb.”
Sam sat looking quietly at a spot on the floor of the observation lounge in his mind. Azrael sat across from him, her expression dark.
“Got her!” Castiel holstered the SMGs and drew his angel blade. He swooped down, taking the Banshee’s head off with a single stroke. The abomination crumbled into ash on the floor. Castiel landed behind a Rachni and stabbed it with the blade. The breeder collapsed, and dissolving into a pool of corrosive yellow-green sludge right as its partner fell to a double-tap from Garrus.
“I’ve got a really bad feeling about that Udina guy,” Sam said in between slurps of noodles and broth. “He really is a lot like Crowley.”
“Miranda.” A mark appeared on Sam’s forehead, and his eyes glowed as a faint shadow of wings appeared on the wall behind him. “It’s okay,” Sam said, raising his hands. The glow subsided as he continued, “Sam’s stepped aside to let me talk to you. My name’s Azrael. I am an Angel of the Lord, I’ve been shielding Sam from Cerberus’ attempts to indoctrinate him, but it’s becoming increasingly harder in this place, especially with Reapers in semi-close proximity. I swear to you, we’re anything but a threat, but if you won’t help then that’s going to change pretty fucking quick and I
! Ha ha!” The big Krogan celebrated his early birthday present by charging a heavy trooper of his own and nailing him in the head with the butt of his shotgun. The brief firefight ended with the help of a biotic explosion courtesy of Kaidan, and the trio hurried onto the turbolift.
“Who knows, this may wind up helping further our understanding of biotics.” Castiel turned and left the medbay with the Winchesters.
“This is our rescued child, eh? How’s he doing?” the angel whispered. The child looked up and saw the Alliance uniform the angel was wearing, and stiffened. Israfel tightened her embrace slightly, and the new angel held up his hands. “Whoa, relax! I’m not your enemy.” He stuck out a hand. “My name’s Camael--I and my vessel serve as an engineer’s mate on the Orizaba. It’s an honour to meet you, truly.” The child tentatively reached out and took Camael’s hand, and the angel gave him a just-firm handshake. “I need to get back on duty--I was just here to give my vessel some rack time, and decided to bring you something to eat on the way out.” The angel stood, then vanished with the sound of rushing wings.
” The Commander jerked his head backward, and Kaidan released his hold to go help Sam up from the floor. Castiel and Shepard stared at each other for several long moments before the biotic angel finally snapped off his aura.
Gabriel gave a slow nod in response. “Yeah,” he said quietly, “it will.” He sighed. “I suppose you could say that he and I had something in common.” The prophet and the Shepard reached the door, and Gabriel keyed it open. They stepped on the lift, which started its descent to the Library’s Central Core. “I kicked my brother off his ship, tried to kill him, and threatened to destroy the universe.”
After a pregnant pause, Dean heard a sigh of resignation. “Ancestors forgive me--uploading coordinates.” Dean and Castiel’s Omni-Tools pinged, and Dean clapped Castiel on the shoulder.
The human nodded. “Got it. Pardon me.” She stifled a burp against the back of her hand, and handed the now-empty glass to the nameless angel that had given it to her in the first place. “Thank you again,” she said before turning back to Cadfael. “I’ve gotta coordinate a bunch of stuff, now that the fighting is over. Can Kael help with coming whatever’s left of the Citadel for anyone that got supremely lucky?”
“...dozen.” Castiel looked a little sheepish. “I’ve been consuming these bars and drinks at a prodigious rate--I have a feeling that something a good deal more substantial may be needed, when this is all over.”
“No,” Gabriel replied, voice still calm. “I’m here to offer you a shot at redemption.” He held out his bare hand to her again. “Rasa, I know about all the things that you’ve done, even before you joined Cerberus. I know about stuff that you never told anyone about, not even me. And I don’t care about any of it, because I...I believe you can do better. That you can be better. I want to give you the chance that I got.”
“Oh, so it’s like a taser,” Sam mused. “Where we’re from, a taser shoots out little prongs that hook onto clothing and send a high-voltage shock through the person that you target with it. Police like to use them as ‘non-lethal’ weapons.” Adams nodded in understanding.
The two of them were asleep on the floor, Hannah still cradling Israfel, when Hackett walked in to check on them. He quietly removed his dress jacket and draped it over the pair, and kissed Hannah on top of the head before walking out.
“No problem.” Ruth looked at Gabriel. “How you feeling, babe? That was a pretty rude shock, and your reaction is pretty understandable.” Gabriel gave her a slightly consternated expression. “If it’s any consolation,” she said, “you took it a lot better than your brother did. He wouldn’t talk to any of us for months after he met K’a’l.” She leaned over and kissed her nephew on the head. “I promise, we certainly don’t hold anything against you.”
“Gotta rest,” the angel replied. “Took a lot out of me. But I can keep this--” she nodded back at the greybox “--contained. Smaller space. Easier to deal with.” She looked up at Sam and gave him a tired half-smile. “Your turn to drive. Bring it on home.”
JOKER: That works--I was also thinking that this is comedy gold! (JOKER pauses with his hand over one part of the panel, then looks over to EDI) Are you sure it’s them?
“I know,” he whispered. “But in the end it’ll be the right one.” The nephilim smiled down at his father and walked away toward the Hall's exit.
“Thanks,” Israfel replied. “Don’t worry about the salute with me, Chapman,” she said, reading the name off his uniform. “We’re in a war--I’m not going to worry about formalities.” She smiled. “Please let the Admiral know that I need to hit the head before going on duty, so that I don’t piss myself at work.” Ensign Chapman nodded and turned to walk briskly back down the hall. Israfel stopped at the door to the officers’ head and listened for a moment to verify that it was unoccupied. She stepped inside and secured the door. After a few seconds, she turned and reached out to touch her reflection in the mirror.
“He was the best,” Dean said somewhat wistfully. “He was a hard-drinkin’ sonofabitch, but he was always there when we needed him. He was like a second father to me and Sam.” He looked up to the kitchen. “Hey Cas, leave some for the rest of us willya?” Garrus and Vega turned to see Castiel finishing the preparation of an enormous sandwich in a hollowed-out loaf of bread. A second plate was heaped with some sort of noodle dish. The angel picked up both plates and brought them to the table, then sat down. He picked up the sandwich and lifted it to his mouth, then stopped and looked at the other three occupants of the table.
“Probably because it is,” Garrus quipped as the group picked their way through rubble. “That said: a turian mission on Tuchanka is especially odd. Thoughts?”
The last fight was a pitched battle against a harvester, and several dozen cannibals, husks, and marauders that were accompanied by a hulking monstrosity with crablike metallic claws that looked like a mutated cross between a turian and a krogan. After dispatching the smaller creatures and the crab-monster, the group turned its full fire on the harvester until it exploded in a brilliant red nova.
“I think so.” Kaidan held Shepard close and buried his nose in the man’s hair, breathing in the scent of cordite and eezo. He sighed deeply and closed his eyes.
“Hey Gabriel,” an athletically-built angel in a lab tech’s smock greeted him as he stepped off the lift. The streaks of purple and blue in her blonde ponytail glittered under the lights of the Library’s hub, and she wore a heads-up display visor. “What’s up?”
SHEPARD: I didn’t, but since we’re all here and we’re off-duty… (SHEPARD walks over to a panel on the wall and touches a button. A set of glasses and a bottle of whisky pop out.) We may as well have a drink.
“Yeah, I’m good,” Kaidan said quietly. He turned and left the terrace. Sam and Dean picked up the mess of wrappers and bottles that Castiel had strewn around him, stowing them in the angel’s coat pockets before the three of them walked back through the door. Kaidan stared at the burning shuttlecraft for a long moment, then sighed and walked back through the door and into the corridor.
“Cas, wait!” Dean scrambled after him, but only heard the sound of rustling wings and smelled ozone as he rounded the corner. “Dammit!” He signed and turned to Sam. “There anything left of that pie?” Sam showed him the empty box right before he tossed it in the trash, and Dean rolled his eyes. “Okay, let’s go get a cab.”
A new Consensus is formed, and Azrael chats with a couple of old acquaintances...who have a job offer for the Winchesters.
“I don’t know about Shepard,” Garrus called out, “But I like it!” He followed up with a shot that exploded the head of a merc sniper like a ripe melon. “I’d like it even better if we can past these mercs and go after that clone!” A shot pinged off of Garrus’ armour. “Like right now, please!”
Dean scratched his head for a moment, then punched in a command on his Omni-Tool. The tool beeped, and thirty seconds later a three-inch long wrench appeared and started falling. Dean caught the wrench and whistled. “Wow--is there anything that these things can’t do?”
Dean looked back down at his leg. “Damn--what is that stuff? It looks like K-Y.” Dean reached down to poke at his wound, but Cortez gently brushed his hand away.
“Varren. They’re pack predators, native to Tuchanka but they’ve become a fairly common pest in most parts of the galaxy. So, they usually get hunted as a protein source. When they’re not used as warbeasts by the krogan and batarians, that is.” He pointed to the sign outside the kiosk. “That’s a varren, by the way--a cartoonish varren, but still a varren.”
Sam woke up on a bunk in a just-over-dimly-lit room. He sat up and looked around after letting his eyes adjust to what little light was there, then swung his legs around to sit on the edge of the bunk.  He felt a slight ache in his legs and down his back and arms, combined with a dully throbbing headache.
Kaidan’s voice cut in. “Uhhh….am I the only one who’s concerned that we have maybe an hour’s worth of air left?”
“I was angry.” Castiel sounded frustrated when he said it. “That’s the best way to explain it. My Father created everyone with the gifts of self-determination and creativity.” He balled up his fists, and a blue biotic shimmer washed over him briefly. “The Reapers pervert those gifts and turn people into mindless slaves that are incapable of rebelling. They’re worse than the Leviathans. Worse than demons or any other monster.”
A grumbled curse made the group look over to see Wrex hopping out of the shuttle with two heavy guns, one of which he tossed to Shepard. “Oh good, we have some backup.” Wrex clapped Dean on the shoulder and winked at him and Sam. “You two go get yourself something from the shuttle--those idiots won’t be needing it anymore.”
“Actually, I am here.” Jimmy shot back, somewhat acidly. “I’ve always been here, Castiel, and you know it.” He pointed to the angel’s heart when he said it. “All the times you died, I died with you. All the times that God brought you back, He brought me back too. You’re very special to Him.” Cas closed his eyes for a moment and felt a faint rush of energy. He opened his eyes and looked to see Jimmy still sitting there. “He wants you to learn. To understand.”
Shepard was waiting for them when they came out of the elevator. Chakwas and Dean rushed Castiel into the medbay and transferred him from the portable stretcher to one of the stable beds next to the krogan female, who Mordin had dubbed “Eve”. The krogan watched impassively for a moment, then hopped down from her bed after Chakwas stepped away. She reached out to Castiel and stroked his hair, then looked to Dean. The corners of her eyes crinkled as if she were smiling underneath her veil. “Your friend looks untroubled,” Eve said quietly. “I sense concern from you, however. A lifetime spent caring for others, but not enough time caring for yourself.”
“That’s not always a good thing--you have to make your own name,” Vega’s comment caused Dean to look back at him for a moment.
Castiel nodded. “I understand.” The door opened, and Dean immediately took point with Sam right behind. Dean came to a corner and stopped to look around it when he heard what sounded like a truncated klaxon, then ducked back just in time to avoid getting hit in the face by a static-laden shockwave from the dreadnought’s main gun. He darted around the corner to take cover behind a retaining wall, popping up to snap off a quick sniper shot at a hunter that dropped from above. The shot took the hunter’s head off before its shields could come up, triggering an explosion of shrapnel and hydraulic fluid. Shepard charged a flamethrower-toting trooper, sending it over the railing to be fried by the ship’s main gun as he joined Dean in cover.
When Kaidan started walking toward the door, Shepard reached out and gently touched his arm. “Wait.” Kaidan stopped and turned, the light from the fishtank highlighting his deep brown eyes. “I didn’t say that you had to leave, Kaidan,” Shepard said.
Azrael scratched her head and pulled a single gray strand of hair down to eye-level. The end was split, and the angel sighed. Nadira, her vessel, had never been into what she considered “fancy” hair care routines. She looked at the split end, and pulled it apart. She watched the hair split, and hyper focused on the scales of the individual strand of hair.
“Wha…? Team Hammerhead, do you copy?!  Team Mako, are you there?!” Shepard was answered only by a crackle of static.
Dean looked over the menu in the pickup line and sighed. “You know what this place needs?” he said to Sam.  “Pie. That pecan pie Cas bought me in Vancouver was the best pie I’ve had--well, aside from the pie Mom used to make of course.”
“Mmm,” the angel replied, swallowing the last of another skewer. “Sorry--I was pretty hungry.” He burped, and a passing Salarian stopped in his tracks and shot Castiel an offended look before shaking his head and walking on. “And that sauce is quite addicting.” Castiel looked down the food court toward the pastry shop. “Dean still drooling over the pies?” Almost immediately, a large box was set in front of him, and Dean sat down next to Sam on the other side of the table.
“I understand the need for “shock and awe”,” Castiel explained, using airquotes, “But it’s not a good idea.” He took a deep breath before continuing. “Some very rare, very special individuals can perceive my true form without harm,” he put a hand on Legion’s shoulder for a moment to punctuate his point, “but all others either go blind or die outright.”
Castiel heard a high-pitched trilling sound, and he opened his eyes to Ninja staring at him with his inquisitive green eyes. The little black cat started softly purring and gave the angel a nose-kiss. “Hello little cat,” Castiel said quietly. He reached up to pet the cat, who affectionately headbutted his hand and squirmed enthusiastically under Castiel’s touch. Castiel’s Omni-Tool pinged, and he paused to read a text message:
Shepard went back to the kitchen and got out a baguette, which he sliced down the middle and started piling with various things from the packages he fished out of the refrigerator. “You guys sure you don’t want anything?” Sam and Dean just watched Shepard make his sandwich.
The Winchesters exited the office and ran back toward their cab right as Joker came in to land, and quickly bundled Castiel into the back seat under covering fire from Shepard, Kaidan, and Wrex. Shepard and Kaidan leaped into the skycar with Joker, who tore off while Wrex clambered into the back of the cab next to Castiel. “Punch it!” Dean said, reaching for the safety harness. Sam gunned the engine as another squad of mercs dropped into the dealership and started firing on them. Rounds pinged off the fuselage of the skycar, and one bullet spidered the windshield. Dean pulled out his Carnifex and pointed it at the glass. “I got this--go into a 30-degree dive!”
Cortez smiled. “If you would, please.” Vega started to remove the pieces of his hardsuit, and Cortez explained the innards of each piece to his students before handing it back to Vega, who demonstrated its attachment to his under armour bodysuit. “...and now, we get to get you each into a light hardsuit.” Cortez turned and picked up a chest piece from the table, holding it up as he turned back to the Winchesters.  The chestpiece had pockets scattered over the front, plating over the torso and shoulders, and looked like a heavy jacket more than a suit of armour. “This is tactical armour, which is made of ballistic cloth and flexible plating with extra hardening over the upper body, on the joints,  and various other sensitive areas. It doesn’t look like much, but it works great for recon units, engineers, combat medics, and others that don’t usually take a lot of heavy fire.”
The woman who recently called herself “Maya Brooks” sat in her cell, watching impassively. The self-assured fanatic was now just a woman in a 12x12 glass box, wearing a prison jumpsuit. She knew that it would be a death sentence, once the Reapers found the prison. She had prepared for it since the day Shepard--the real Commander Shepard--convinced her to give up and go quietly.
“Merry Christmas to us,” Dean half-whispered. “Here,” he said, reaching for a hefty-looking shotgun with four barrels stacked on top of each other. “Take this.” Dean tossed the shotgun to Sam and grabbed another of the same kind. He grabbed several clips and shoved them into pockets on his trousers, then picked up more clips and started loading them into the shotgun. “We’re going to go hunting for some Cerberus douchebags,” he snarled, sliding another box of clips across the floor toward Sam.
“Oh, this is much more incredible. It’ll also give you some idea how long we’ve been here--and to answer your question, the Alliance doesn't know about it because we won't tell them about it. We just funnel information to them whenever we’re able to, through people that Cadfael has on the inside.” Israfel slid the door aside, and walked in. The child walked in behind her, and his jaw dropped. He and Israfel were on a platform, looking out over what looked like a gigantic spoked wheel. The ceiling of the room looked like the top of a verdant forest canopy, a sun shining high overhead.
“...but at least it's not as bad as it could be.” Dean nodded, straightened up, and ambled over. “I know the feeling, man. Baby--my Impala--has been through a lot, too. She’s been crushed by a semi, driven through a big sign in front of a building, used as a battering ram on the front of a house…”
Dean walked over to the kitchen and looked around for a dish towel or something like it so he could clean sauce off of his face and out of his hair.  “OK, I want one of those,” He said. “Seriously, do you know how awesome that would be, having our own little robo-maid in the Batcave?”
Israfel opened her eyes and looked up. Instead of the Library, she was standing on a hill overlooking a garden filled with people in the midst of celebration. The fragrant smell of long-extinct spices and flowers reached her nose, and she smiled. “One of the happiest days of my life,” she said softly.
“This is a false assumption,” Legion explained, punching up a holographic image of Rannoch. “Long-range transmission has been disabled, but the Old Machines have placed a base on Rannoch to provide short-range transmission of the Old Machine signal.” It zoomed in the view on the planet’s equatorial zone. “It is only a matter of time before short-range transmission resumes and hostile Geth regroup.”
down through the firefight, flanked by the infiltration team’s shuttles.  Shepard walked back toward CIC, and Joker hailed him from his seat. “Stannis.”
Vega nodded. “I guess you’re right--but you still gotta try to make your own name rather than just going with what people think you should do.” He shook his head. “Even if you go into the family business, you need to be your own man rather than copy somebody else.” The group came around another corner to run into a group of husks and cannibals, accompanied by another harvester and a trio of marauders. Sam staggered the cannibals with a chained blast from his overload program, giving Shepard time to rush into the middle of the group before leaping into the air and smacking a fist on the ground to detonate his barriers. The biotic blast sent the cannibals flying, and Shepard ducked behind a pile of rubble for a moment before charging out to knock over one of the marauders with help from Vega. Dean and Garrus drove off the harvester and took a headcount before scouting ahead.
“Yes sir.” Shepard sighed and scratched his forehead. “We managed to corral Castiel, finally--but Kaidan almost died from the strain of helping Liara hold him in stasis. He’s stable now.”
“So was me barging into Dad’s private space without asking.” She looked at the portal and cracked her knuckles. “But it needed doing. Just like this does--that, and you know I won’t be alone.”
From the mess area, Shepard and Liara watched the trenchcoated man walk over to Kaidan. Shepard started back toward the Medbay, but Liara grabbed his arm. “Wait,” she said. “I want to see what he does. If he hurts Kaidan, I promise I’ll put him in a Stasis field and let you have free shots at him.” They watched as he reached out and laid a hand on the side of Kaidan’s face, closed his eyes for a moment, then opened his eyes and sighed, shoulders falling in disappointment, before turning to go back to Sam and Dean. They watched as Dean looked up at him, then back to Kaidan, then comfort his friend.
The bar’s sole occupant sat back and poured another slug of whiskey into a mug with the words WORLD’S GREATEST DAD printed on it. He swirled the amber liquid in the mug for a moment, then topped it with coffee before taking a sip and looking around the bar. Photos hung on the walls amid neon signs and artifacts from artists past and present. “The kids will be alright,” he said. He idly scratched his beard for a moment and smiled, then raised the mug in a toast toward a photo on the wall of a grinning dark-haired teenager in Systems Alliance fatigues. The photo was labelled “Induction Day, 2172”.
“Do it,” Lawson ordered again. “I think I know a way to reach him, and get him to play along. Have the husks readied--I have another test for our subject.” He straightened his jacket and prepared to step through the door. Two troopers flanked him, SMGs at the ready.
SHEPARD: OK, so when you went to look for God, you were told to back off and that the Apocalypse wasn’t His problem?
Sam and Dean looked at each other for a moment, then back at the geth. “What my brother’s asking,” Sam said, “is “What does Cas look like under his meatsuit?””
“Go time!” Dean barked. “Shepard, it’s Dean--I’m giving you our coordinates! Try to lure that Reaper over our way and get it in the middle of the trap!” He punched a couple of commands into his Omni-Tool, then looked at Sam and Castiel. “Let’s get to the top of that ridgeline and outta this canyon--move!” The trio scrambled out of the area of the trap and up to the top of the steep ridge. A tooth-rattling foghorn cut through the air, and the Winchesters looked over to see a Reaper Destroyer heading toward their trap, chasing a tiny geth hovercraft. The hovercraft banked sharply, and cruised down toward the trap with the Reaper close behind. “Shepard, want us to provide a little encouragement to that Reaper?”
The door unlocked, and the Normandy crew hustled through with the Winchesters providing cover. Dean’s Omni-Tool pinged. He tapped the back of his left hand as he dove back through the door, and a text popped up.
LIARA’S QUARTERS. LIARA is sitting at her desk with a mostly-empty glass of milk. Her face is still slightly flushed from the spicy ice cream, but she is no longer sweating. GLYPH hovers over to LIARA’s desk.
Door opens. DEAN rushes in and stops at the top of the steps. He has a look on his face that’s part distress and part rage, and he’s trying not to hyperventilate.
“I know, Cas.” Dean looked back over his shoulder and smiled slightly. “I know.” The elevator door opened, and Dean got on. Castiel's hand fell, and he took a step back and let the doors close. He looked up at the camera in the corner, shrugged, and teleported out of the shuttle bay.
“I'm modifying a program," Castiel said. "I will have to wait until we’re in a battlefield situation to fully test it--but the results should be interesting to see.”
“I understand that you were reckless, Admiral,” Shepard barked. He leaned forward to get in Gerrel’s face, blue-green eyes alight with barely-contained anger. The scar on his jawline burned bright red and his lips were curled into an angry snarl. “I understand that you unnecessarily endangered the entire Migrant Fleet when they should have been evacuated, and that you did it for your own selfish reasons.” He balled his hands into fists, squeezing until his knuckles cracked. “This is exactly the sort of short-sighted bloodthirsty behaviour that I was afraid of,” Shepard continued.
The form encased in the force field stirred and moved, bluish-white lines of circuitry lighting up on its grey skin. The husk's eyes focused on the angel, pale blue-white and outlined in black like it had been smote, and it put a hand against the glass. “Isssrafffel…” Its voice was slow and thick, forced and sluggish with the sibilant and fricative consonants drawn out. Israfel smiled slightly at its acknowledgement.
“So what’s that got to do with the husk?” Gabriel poured himself a glass of water, drained it, and poured himself another. The water was slightly fruity, which encouraged him to drink. “Did they ally with the Reapers?”
“No,” Castiel said quietly. “I’d, uh, rather not.” He got an uncomfortable look on his face. “I...I feel better when I wear it,” he admitted. “More confident.”
“That had to be tough man,” Vega said, “not getting to have a childhood because you had to keep moving around all the time.” He put some salsa on his eggs and took a couple of bites before adding a dash of pepper sauce.
Cortez took Castiel’s trenchcoat, and he and Vega watched them get on the elevator. When the door closed, they each put an arm around each other’s waist, and Cortez leaned into Vega, who hugged him and planted a kiss on the top of his head. “It’s like watching the kids go off to school,” Vega said jokingly.
“We unleash a plague on the krogan, then bury a bomb on their planet.” Garrus sounded slightly irritated. “Brutal, but those were desperate times.”
Cut to COMMANDER'S QUARTERS. DEAN is still standing in the middle of the room, this time with a horrified look on his face.
Adams nodded and smiled. “That’s me!” He shook hands with Dean, Sam, and Cas. “Welcome to the Normandy,” he said cheerfully. “I’m Chief Engineer Greg Adams. My main job is to make sure that the ship stays running, but today I’ll be your guide to the Omni-Tool.” He picked up the items on the table and handed one to each of the hunters. “The Omni-Tool is a handheld gadget that can perform a million and one civilian and military functions, literally.” Adams held up his left hand to show his Omni-Tool. “You’ll notice that it fits in the palm of your hand or on the back of your hand. If you touch this button here--” he pointed to a tiny switch just under his ring finger “--a couple of clasps pop out that let you hold it on two fingers, which frees you to use it for manual tasks, use a keyboard with both hands, and so on. Some hack their tool's housing to wrap around their wrists--but it’s all a matter of personal preference and what works best for you.”
“Welcome to the Dockside,” she said pleasantly while brushing a short lock of hair from her face. “Do you have a reservation?”
“It’s OK Cas,” Shepard said. “I’ll make sure they’re paid for them.” He patted Castiel on the shoulder. “In the meantime, let Doctor Chakwas finish her exam so you can get some sleep, since I’m sure you’re pretty tired. I promised Admiral Hackett and the Council a full report on you, Sam, and Dean, and they’ll want that medical data.”
Kaidan turned to see Shepard, James, and Liara come through the door and seal it behind them. Shepard had his pistol trained on Udina, and Kaidan trained his pistol on Shepard. “Shepard? What’s going on?”
“Irregulars. I thought I told you about them, Wrex. They’re from another world,” Shepard quipped as he hopped in with Garrus in tow and closed the shuttle door behind him. “You know, where Reapers wear bad suits and eat junk food, instead of levelling cities and harvesting organics.”
“Understandable. Look, Miranda...I’m sorry. I’d hoped that I could get Sam out of here, find Stannis and the
“Why, so the Salarians can kill her too?!” was the angry reply. “No way! Get her out of there, or the deal’s off!  I didn’t come this far to see our only chance at curing the genophage lost!” Wrex closed the link, and Shepard turned to the technician at the console in front of the female’s containment pod.
“Joker.” Adams turned the co-pilot’s chair and slowly sat in it. “Karin...Doctor Chakwas wants to see you in MedBay.”
“On top of an elevator with Liara and James, trying to get to the top of Shalmar Plaza. Udina’s leading the Council--and Kaidan--there, and Cerberus assassins are in pursuit.” Shepard paused. “Thane’s been critically injured.”
“How am I in Heaven if I’m not dead?” The child took a sandwich and bit into it. The filling was creamy, green, and buttery. The bread was soft, with a little crunch in the crust where he bit into it. He pulled out a thin ring of something crisp and sweetly pungent, and sniffed at it. “What is this?” he asked, holding it up.
The battle-scarred warrior snorted. “Sometimes Shepard," he rumbled, "I don’t know if the Normandy’s a ship or a travelling freak show.” He lumbered over to the three and stuck out a hand. “Urdnot Wrex,” he said. “Did Shepard warn you about me?” he asked with a mock-threatening tone, leaning in a bit.
landed.” Adileh nodded and went to stand in a spot on the edge of the circle.  The angels carrying Castiel and the Winchesters laid the trio on the center of the circle, under the portal.
“This really hurts, Miranda--and the longer these damned things stay in Sam’s body, the harder it will be for me to keep shielding him. Please. I really do need...need your help. I’ve got his soul...arrgh.” Azrael gritted his teeth. “...sequestered.” The angel in hunter’s skin looked up at Miranda, tears streaming down his face. “Help...help…” The glowing spots became welts that swelled along Azrael’s spine, and he curled up with his head in his hands.
Before Shepard could do or say anything, Jack walked up and punched him hard in the face. “Dammit Shepard,” she snarled, “how many times did I tell you not to trust Cerberus?!”
Sam paced back and forth, hands on his head. “Oh crap. Did he say anything? Where he was going or what he was doing?”
“So if we take out the base,” Dean queried from his perch by the door, “then the signal stops for good, and the geth stop being fancy marionettes?”
Steve laughed softly. “Yeah, it’s pretty handy--the Omni-Tool breaks down the old part or whatever’s left of it, and reconstructs it on the fly. Go ahead, give it a shot.” Dean activated his Omni-Tool and held his hand over the remaining vector coil. “Take it nice and easy,” Steve said. “Your tool will flash at you if you’re going too fast or too slow.” Almost as soon as the words came out of Steve’s mouth, Dean’s Omni-Tool flashed five times in quick succession and the energy arc vanished.
CAPTAIN’S QUARTERS. SAM, DEAN, CASTIEL, SHEPARD, and KAIDAN are sitting around the coffee table. NINJA THE CAT is perched on the table grooming himself next to the whisky bottle.
“See you soon.” He stood looking at the floor in silence until his reverie was broken by Liara’s voice in his head.
Steve laughed. “Maybe you should be talking to Mister Vega over there--he loves crashing things.” His deep blue eyes twinkled. “Mostly shuttles.”
“Commander,” Castiel volunteered, “It may be faster, once we get into the system, if I go to the dreadnought and open a docking tube for you. Just a suggestion.”
“So getting you out of there will shut it down?” Dean asked, taking a step toward Legion’s enclosure.
“I don’t even want to think about it,” Shepard muttered. He looked at the exploded microwave, then at the oven’s door, which was still lying on the deck outside the medbay. “Do I want to know what happened?” he asked.
“Are off the table,” Shepard snapped. His brow furrowed and his scar flared. “Legion is my friend, not some test subject to be dissected. It’s also our best source of information on the Geth.”
“I can hardly believe it, Stannis.” She looked at Shepard. “I’m standing on the Homeworld...my world. You know the phrase, “Keelah se’lai”? It roughly translates to “by the homeworld I hope to see some day.”” Tali sighed. “We’ve become so used to carrying our homes with us that settling down again always seemed like nothing but a dream.” She scanned the horizon and made a box with her thumbs and index fingers to frame a stream running through some scrubby rocks. “There,” she said proudly, “I just claimed the land. That’s where the living room will be, right next to that stream.”
The audio pickups on the armour-cam recorded a heavy sigh. “Easy, Stannis, easy...please. I told you, you were right. We’re on the same side.”  Gabriel’s hand reached out, Omni-Tool at the ready. The sounds of Medi-Gel being dispensed could be heard, and Shepard relaxed visibly. “That dream wasn’t a dream, Stannis. Listen to me please,” Gabriel continued. His voice was soothing and calm. “I wish I could say that the fight’s over, big brother, but it’s not done yet. It's my turn to carry
Cut back to LIARA’S QUARTERS. SAM and LIARA have an open pint of ice cream on the table with two spoons. The container’s label reads FLAMING MOOSE TRACKS. A datapad is lying on the table next to the container. LIARA’s and SAM’s eyes are watering, and their faces are red.
“They’re engaging in the Winchester family business,” Camael replied, voice dripping with contempt. “Saving humans, hunting monsters, like that little magenta slu--” Kael reared back and delivered a savage headbutt that knocked Camael to his knees. Camael spat blood and teeth onto the decking and looked up at his brother and his recon team. “Come on, Kael. You know it’s true. We were created to help
On the second floor of the building, Shepard poked his head around a corner and saw an engineer setting up a turret. The group scattered into cover, and Sam popped up when the turret was recharging to activate a hack program that made the turret turn its next salvo on the engineer and a trooper standing next to him. He popped up again and fired a heavy overload blast, detonating the turret. The blast jumped from the turret to a nearby centurion, dropping his shields long enough for Dean to take him down with a burst from his assault rifle.
The group made their way to a pool of water overlooking an open area. Shepard touched a switch next to a ladder that descended into the pool, and the water drained to reveal an access area.
Bartholomew looked down at the table. He had his hands on the tabletop, and was studying his vessel’s fingers. Eleena put a hand on his shoulder, and when Bartholomew looked over to her, she nodded and smiled.
“I told him, Israfel.” Israfel turned to see P’a’l standing by a display of pottery, arms crossed and staring coldly at her. “I was there when you and the other Exiles built this with Azrael's help, as you recall. And as your
“I’m sorry,” Shepard said quietly. “maybe that was too forward. I really missed you, Kaidan. When you got hurt on Mars, I felt like I’d been stabbed in the heart.” He sighed deeply and looked over at the fishtank. “I damn near took it out on the Winchesters. I guess that’s when I realized that the person I’d been waiting my whole life for was on the edge of being taken from me before...”
Castiel grimaced. “I believe that it was unintentional on the part of the Reaper. But when it “spoke”, I heard what sounded like a distant order to obey. I was able to tune it out, but it was still there and still...unpleasant.” He rubbed his temples for a moment before continuing. “I suspect that since I am considerably more “in tune” with myself now, I could resist it much more easily, though like any other organic being I would fall under its sway after prolonged exposure--it’s not something I care to test, however.” Castiel took a deep breath before continuing. “It also brings up a frightening prospect. If even one Reaper manages to find its way to our world and starts indoctrinating angels, it would make the Apocalypse, Heaven’s civil war, and the Leviathans pale in compari--”
“And me,” Shepard added. “The only good thing I can say about them is that they managed to resurrect me from the dead, and gave me the resources to take down the Collectors.” He sighed and leaned back against the bulkhead. “But they’re not on anyone’s side except their own.”
Shepard looked up for a moment. “Joker, set a course for the Citadel.” He looked back down at Kaidan. “See what you and Edie can find out from that thing,” Shepard said to Blue Lady, pointing to what looked like an immolated mannequin that Lieutenant Vega had unceremoniously dropped onto another bed before walking out.
“I’m from Kansas,” Dean said. “It’s a place on Earth. Wide plains, farmland...but my brother and I, we kinda go all over the place.” He sighed and patted Castiel’s hand. “Cas here, he does too, in his own way. He wants to help people, like Sammy and I do.”  Before he realized it, Dean started telling Eve about his parents, about Sam and Cas and the job. He showed her his anti-possession tattoo and talked about the Apocalypse and the angels, about Bobby, Ellen and Jo, Ash, Gabriel finally standing up to his own family when he realized that things didn’t have to be set in stone, and his wager with Death to get Sam’s soul out of the Cage. The krogan listened raptly as Dean talked about the Leviathans, his year in Purgatory, and the Batcave that they inherited from their paternal grandfather.
“Scans indicate no trace of Element Zero, which would ordinarily be present after the destruction of a ship’s mass effect core,” EDI observed. “I find that rather remarkable.” She looked up at Shepard. “Also, it is worth noting that after Castiel had his accident with the Normandy’s mass effect core, the core’s total mass decreased by .00002 grams.”
"And for the record,” Castiel snarled defiantly, “I am an angel of the Lord, created to be a shepherd and steward of all His creations--human
“This level’s clear,” he called out. “Let’s move!” The group rushed foward and through the door, turning a corner just in time to see the yahg crash through the wall and mow down two Cerberus troopers. The enormous creature tossed the troopers around like toys, eventually flinging them into a jet of flame from a broken gas pipe. “Look out,” joked Shepard before ducking through a side room, leaving the yahg to barrel around the corner and out of sight. “There goes the next Shadow Broker.”
The clerk raised an eyebrow for a second, then started typing at what looked like a holographic keyboard. She had on a pair of diaphanous gloves that looked like delicate webbing. The bottom edge of the gloves glowed faintly blue, like Sam’s strange object. “You’re in luck--we have vacancies.” She paused. “Hmm, I’m not finding you in our banking system. Do you have a credit chit? I can go ahead and run that. It’ll save you a lot of time.”
“Cas?” Dean’s eyes were wide. “What the hell happened?  You were asleep, and then there was a flash of light and an explosion that broke the windows.”
Admirals Raan and Xen reached for their sidearms. “What the hell is this?!” Shepard quickly moved to position himself in front of the Admirals. and put his hands up.
Meshach appeared in the war room in a rush of wings. Sweat and grime streaked his face. “Got your 911 call in the middle of a firefight, Cadfael,” he said. “What’s up?”
regs, Steven. You’re both still head over heels for each other--even a blind, senile hanar can see that. Here,” she said. The angel reached into her uniform shirt and pulled out a glittering platinum ring on a chain. She took the ring off of the chain, and pressed it into Hackett’s hand. “You two have always been married to each other, Steven, even if the only hint was the two of you listing each other and Stannis as next-of-kin. So do this old romantic celestial a favor: once this war is over and we’ve blasted the Reapers into The Empty, make it official. Ask Hannah to make an honest man out of you.” The hum of the engines changed, and Israfel stood.
Shepard shook his head. “No. I can’t explain it, Steve. Maybe he really is an angel in the body of a human, and maybe they are from a parallel universe. I don’t know. But I do know that they’re here now and want to help....” He looked down to the deck.
Israfel looked down at the floor. Tears welled in her eyes, and she took a deep breath. A knock on the glass made her look up to see K’a’l looking back at her. The husk nodded and put a hand over the roundel marking where its heart used to be.
“No,” Shepard said. “You haven’t. Appeal to their honour and remind them of what’s at stake, and they’ll listen to you. My squad and I will help you complete your mission.” He helpfully patted the turian lieutenant on the shoulder. Victus went to talk to his men, and the Winchesters walked back to Shepard and Garrus.
“Admiral,” Dean said with a nod. “I’m Dean Winchester. This is my brother Sam, and this,” he said as he barely suppressed a smile, “is Castiel.”
Gabriel blinked a couple times. “O...kay.” He raised a finger as if he was going to pose a question, then waved his hand. “Ah, nevermind. I’ll just go see for myself. Thanks, Ruth.” He smiled at his aunt and turned to walk toward the Hall of the 21st Cycle.
“We were walking down the street,” Castiel said, “when a ship of some kind landed, and several fireballs fell from the sky in front of us. We were attacked by zombies with guns. Dean was injured, and we ran to the Normandy when the salt didn’t hold back the monsters we were attempting to elude.”
,” Fermat said with a chuckle. “Hearing it probably gave poor Sam a heart attack, but I like the song--so he can deal.”
“Damn,” Dean observed as they walked past crumbling walls and fallen columns, “This place looks like a war zone.” He reached down and picked up a pebble from the ground, which he put in the same pocket as the pebble he picked up on Sur’kesh.
Hazariel sighed. “This is probably against my better judgment,” she said, pinching the bridge of her nose, “but you do deserve to know.” She nodded to Joker. “You especially. But I can only tell you the parts that have directly to do with EDI--are we clear?”
“There was also a Cerberus gunship on the Citadel.” He quickly added, “But no Reapers. And I promise, I won’t be a danger to the mass relays or any other ships. Whatever’s happened to me, I’ll find a way to control it--with your help.” His stomach gurgled, and he blushed slightly. “I just need to eat a lot...of food. Not eezo.”
“Here. Use this.” He put Dean’s Omni-Tool in his hand, and the clasps wrapped themselves snugly around his fingers. “That should do the trick.”  Lawson stepped back again, and Dean clenched his fist. The Omni-Tool lit up, and a flaming orange blade flicked out. Lawson and the troopers backed through the entrance to the room, and the door shut in front of them. “Drop the force field,” he said.
“You’re fine,” the pilot replied. “You were just going a little too fast, that’s all. Go ahead and try it again. Not everyone gets it completely right the first time.” He stood. “And here’s our beer. Thank you, Mr. Vega.”
“Stay in cover, I’m going to grab the turret,” he said before vanishing. Before Dean or Sam could protest, a geth trooper who had been at the turret suddenly went flying back into the side of the butte. Castiel took the trooper’s place, opening up to start cutting down geth ground forces as quickly as they could drop in. The brothers looked at each other and scrambled forward to positions behind a pair of divider walls. Castiel stopped firing from the turret for a moment to let it vent heat, and Dean popped up to provide covering fire with his assault rifle.
“You know I’m not leaving you to go in there alone,” the Geth said to his friend. He raised an eyeflap, and Israfel nodded.
Castiel came out of the elevator as Sam rounded the corner from Engineering. “Where’s Dean?” he asked.
Sam sighed. “Okay. Uh, thank you,” he said. He and Dean walked out of the medbay and went toward the elevator. The doors opened to reveal Shepard. “Hey.”
Cut to ENGINEERING SUB-DECK. CASTIEL is sitting on his cot with a datapad in his hands. DANIELS comes down the stairs and knocks on one of the beams.
“But you did write yourself into your own books,” Gabriel quipped. “I read them. Pulpy and a little over-dramatic, but still entertaining. Did that all really happen?” he asked. Chuck half-rolled his eyes and shrugged a bit..
“Thank you, Doctor.” Castiel took her free hand in both of his and smiled. “I will do my best to help you however I can--I’m curious as to how this will affect me.”
you to win this war, Stannis. They’re helping behind the scenes, hidden among you as mercenaries, soldiers, doctors, engineers, and even civilians making a stand with Resistance groups all over the galaxy.” Azrael sighed deeply. “The Winchester brothers, my brother--even me, to an extent--we’re the direct aid.”
“Yes, P’a’l.” Israfel’s voice was heavy and warbled slightly as she fought back another round of tears. “Sometimes he acknowledges me. Sometimes he’s inert. But then you know that.” She placed a hand on the force field that surrounded the glasteel case and pushed slightly, causing the force field to ripple under her touch. “
