“Why?” The Director asked sharply at the woman, the only sensible one of the group it appeared as the other human mimed to her to shut up in anxious fits.
And they shared heartfelt kisses and mirthful chuckles as the horror of Thor’s own doing slipped away, chased off by Steven’s warmth and tender care. Thor could not love the man more than he did this night. They fell asleep in each other’s arms, as they had since their wedding, but this was the first time their hearts truly rested as one.
“You know Ronan.” Heimdall inquired to the green woman, eyes burning bright as he lifted her face to meet his gaze again with a nudge of his mighty sword. Quill saw the otherwise unperturbable woman tremble slightly as she suffered under the God’s eyes and cut in.
Fury scowled at Steve with a suspicious eye “I trust you will see the wisdom of keeping it in your pants until the wedding is over”
“He means to say” Banner came forth “That they aren’t actually fighting, just, maybe, not talking much right now”
The Queen’s attendants startled, sharing doubtful looks amongst them and reluctantly leaving after a curt nod from Frigga. Not before sending the Captain some sultry looks and high-pitched giggles at the resulting flush on the Soldier’s cheeks.
“You ask of me an alliance, which I have offered freely before, as my protection that has extended from my father and his father before him, when Earth was but an ambitious pond struggling to sprout life, Asgard has protected you, soundly enough that you remained oblivious to the worlds beyond your own. You ask of me an apology!”
Slowly, but surely, Thor’s heart mended to a fragile whole, the jagged pieces melding back together in a tentative grip. They would not withstand a harsh wind, but they braved the sharp breezes. In three weeks Thor felt he was on the way to being himself again, and bid his dear friends goodbye.
Thor was about to protest being ripped away from his scant time with his intended, but something in the gaze of the Director gave him pause, he nodded and turned to the silent Captain “I shall meet you later Steven”
Thor sent a glance the Captain’s way, to ensure he was still preoccupied with the Director and mouthed his agreement topped with a wink. The Archer grinned evilly.
Tony shook his head sternly “No, no: Oh Tony. I’m fine! I’m happy even, they deserve each other” The engineer worked to keep his smile as the assassins eyed each other knowingly “That’s what this whole thing rounds up to, isn’t it, soulmates and all that? They are happy. I’m happy”
Steve caught it with a hand and saluted with the other. He could have sworn the man went a little starry eyed but Steve turned to fast to really notice and began to shoot. One bullet, one eye. The Asgardians fell like flies.
Inside he found three Friggas holding an ornately sharp blade in a trembling hand, while the other pressed to her bleeding side tightly, blood spilling to the floor alarmingly fast. To the side a huge, horned
“Listen to them” Heimdall said, allowing a moment for Tony to hear the steady sting of gunfire, metal clashes and screams, so many screams. Tony’s gauntlets began to shake. “Help me stop this, bring the Captain to me, and we will be gone; no more will die”
“Spawning?!” Stark hissed coming nose to nose with the embarrassed captain “I built 40 suits of armor last month, saved the president and nearly died on the surgery table and you thought I was off making babies?”
Thor shifted on his feet, trying and failing to ease the grip of his trousers on his swelling manhood. Steven scoffed, blissfully unawares of his spouse’s aching state of arousal. “Oh please, it’s not even that bad! You should listen to what they’re singing these days on Earth. Nothing subtle about that.”
“Yes, dear?” The Captain quipped, snickering softly, breathless and shaking despite his teasing, as the God took his mouth again and plundered it with his eager tongue, their hips thrusting in sync, both working the other to a high, their pleasure building with every stroke; both drowning each other’s sounds and gasps with yearning, passionate kisses.
The Captain eyed the exchange with a furious blush and plopped himself sullenly in the seat Thor pulled for him with a distraught scowl and a sarcastic smile “Morning to you too”
Steve sprinted down the beachside, where lighting bolts peppered the troubled seas in a terrifying onslaught. There, half submerged in the waves, unmovable like stone under the constant rolling and battering of the sea, was Thor.
The next morning Thor woke to the feather light batting of butterfly kisses. The God chuckled sleepily and curled his sleep heavy arms around the warm, firm expanse of his husband’s body laying on his chest.
Tony found him some blocks up, following the eye of the storm squarely into Central Park. Where Thor paced and raged like a caged animal.
“No harm” Steve repeated, his voice an undeterrable command that imprinted itself into their link. “I don’t intend to imprison you, mischief is what you are, I get that now. But you are not insane, nor too far gone to understand when hurt is brought.”
Sif and Steven readied their bows and arrows in a flash, drawing the string in time as they aimed at the animal now charging them with angry strides.
Gasps and screams sprung again, the Captain’s hands began to shake. The Avengers bounded forward as the Director pressed a hand to the communicator at his ear and said “Jericho is a go.”
As he munched on cold meats and rich cheese’s. His excitement grew, contemplating his route through the Midgardian countries with more enthusiasm than it probably merited. Maybe, if he hurried, his mandatory tour of the republics could be done in but a year’s time. Surely with the aid of flight and shameless publicity this could all be done quite expediently.
Odin sat in the Queens gardens. A sight so rare that all the court members who had been strolling about, hastily emptied the premises, unwilling to disturb the wise king in his silent contemplation.
“I am thrilled you have found the man to share your soul and that you are so eager to become one, but Thor, does he feel the same?”
Thor started forward with a furious roar, determined to crush the foul voice man’s head in with Mjolnir for his insult, only the sharp gaze of his father froze him, an odd spark in his father’s blue orb that Thor startled to identify. Odin was amused.
Steven arched a scolding brow at the rude delivery of his drawing but settled for a blood curling, evil smirk as he slowly set down his minuscule pencil and passed his work to his apprehensive Husband. “It still needs some work but I think it has the right…
“Yes of course, but most reside in the palace” Thor said in soft tone “I could show you later today if you please?”
“I’ll kill you and then I’ll kill her” It rumbled, his voice startingly clear and human even as an animal roar began to rumble in its wide chest.
Odin sat still under his wife’s accusations, the closest to admission as he would get and Thor’s heart sang for his fierce mother. Who only patted her mussed bed hair gingerly and turned her fiery gaze on to her firstborn.
After the initial charges and stances had been set. the voice man stood in front of Odin, fearless as only a true being of Hel could in face of the Gods, and spoke the ultimate fallacy:
“Good morning, Thor” Steven smiled softly for the blissfully grinning God as he walked past him to the large doors of their room.
Young Thor had sowed many a wild oats in the ancient times of Earth, some of these rendezvous even baring fruit. He remembered some of his offspring being born, all but a few dying at birth, the rest following only a bit later. Small and sickly, their fragile Seidr struggling to hold life so far from Yggdrasil and Asgard’s hearth. None made it past 3 years old.
Thor’s heart ached as his lips were caressed so tenderly, near loving he could tell himself. Steven pressed his soft lips to Thor’s once more, trembling still with restrained laughter as they bumped noses and chins in the uncoordinated embrace. SO innocent and warm Thor felt he could weep.
“How progressive of you, Capscicle” he doled, a bit of snide in his remark “A lot of homosexuals running around back in the 40’s?”
As soon as Tony walked into his Iron Man suit he was assaulted with withheld messages and alarming videos of the UN meeting that was brought before time with the arrival of an Asgardian General, who then began to conjure Soldiers onto Earth by tens every other minute.
“Just throw me back into the dungeons and be done with it!” Loki sprung to his feet again, anxiety and that foul emptiness that lay in his soul where his magic, his very essence, used to glow from within making him testy and short tempered.
He came with a snarl and a roar, his hips twitching and pressing on hers as he rode out the orgasm. He then pulled out of her gently, enjoying the view of her red, swollen hole gushing his cum.
Thor began to feel a swell of uncertainty as the old God walked off his stand and approached him in the heavy stroll of the truly aged. His eyes unblinking, unwavering.
Thor did so promptly, throwing the doors open with care not to hit the man, though it would have done little difference as Thor’s eyes fell on the Soldier: mud splattered, his earlier handsome clothes ripped in odd places and blood,
The rest of the breakfast went pretty uneventful, until they began to pick up the table and Cooper managed to spill a tar of jam on Steve before he could help the boy with his load. The boy’s bottom lip wobbled dangerously as he flushed deep red and eyes watered. Steve felt a shot of panic and scrambled to his side.
“Convincing you” Steven spoke, one long finger playing on his bottom lip, his pink tongue darting out and pulling it in, moist lips closing on it tight.
Thor pressed his body over the now bare skin of the Captain, rubbing the length of his own body, fully clothed still against the naked expanse of the Soldier, eliciting a soft heated groan when Thor’s rough breaches scratched against the sensitive length of the man’s cock.
Steve snickered to himself at the ridiculousness of the situation. He had had time to get his mind on track with this whole wedding affair. He could actually see a future here now, though barely figured, it was there. Steve could have that, no ghosts sitting in the dark corners to drown his happiness with sad reminiscing. No half-truths and tightlipped missions. He could do some good as Ambassador of Earth, maybe more than he could ever do as Captain America.
The realization came with a shock, the truth she held burning on the tip of her tongue and just as she quaked under the weight of it, the escape it would give her; Loki pulled her away gently, embracing her around the waist and meeting her eyes in the mirror with a pointed, pleading gaze.
Thor found himself shaking like a frightened child as Odin approached him, fighting the urge to step away as the God stared him down.
Clint was the first to disembark, followed closely by Natasha who walked now with a strange step, a little spring to her feet and shoulders lose and relaxed. Steve shared a confused look with the Doctor and followed the pair a couple of steps behind. Outside of a dimly lit house stood a woman, beautiful in the soft light of the empty porch and pregnant stomach bulging obviously under her pajamas. She smiled wide at the sight of them and opened her arms wide to receive Clint with a tight hug.
“Thor, you’re here” Jane said in bewilderment, taking a hesitant step forward as if she was unsure that he was truly there or if it was a mere play of her senses. Her small hands clasped tight to her chest as if they were physically holding her heart in place.
they both sat on the edge of the soiled table, eyes darting from each other and the empty room awkwardly.
Steven chuckled mirthfully at his husband’s distress, only patting a ‘helpful’ palm on the God’s back as he continued his trauma inducing story. “Mister Tom was nice, prickly like a cactus, but gentle, he took care of me on occasions my Ma had to work and I was too sick to go to school” Steven huffed a laugh and winked at his recuperating husband “Taught me how to cheat on just about every card game on the book”
That night they feasted on Steven’s prize, the fine Captain dressed smartly in silver grays and whites, giving him a holy light about him as he followed tradition and carved the roasted bilgesnipe for the best pieces and gallantly presented them to Thor, for him to sample first before turning and presenting the steamy slices of supple meat to the King and Queen, to give their approval of the courting gift.
“Fret not, Captain” Lady Sif consoled with a sharp grin as she began to circle the Mortal man “ Your sword will not touch me, intentionally or otherwise.”
“Sorry to bust the wedding but we have a situation out there” The man of Iron spoke, stopping a good feet away from the newlyweds and pointing a thumb back in the direction he had come from “Someone is messing up your front yard and the lawn dwarfs aren’t looking to good, either”
Thor remembered then why this man was one of his most ancient friends and could only smile sheeply as he nodded his thanks “I am truly hopeless, aren’t I?”
Quill almost went cross-eyed when the Captain called him by his chosen title and spurted out “You were almost my grandpa, you know?”
“You sure went all out on this, Steve.” Bruce smiled pleasantly, eyeing the band with intrigued brown eyes.
“There is no need for that” Thor groused, placing a guiding palm on the small of the Captain’s back, appreciating the supple shift of the leather waistcoat over the man’s firm body. “Your talent is your own, you deserve to have the tools to polish it”
“Call me Jan, love.” She tsks her tongue, shaking her head as she turns to leave. She tosses a lament over her shoulder. “Such a sin to waste that waistline in these boxy suits. Why, oh why, can’t detectives dress well?”
Leaving Steve alone now seems like ceding something to Barnes, like he’s going to back off just because the other man’s now under the same roof.  As far as he knows, Barnes is still with Natasha, and while Steve might need some space to wrap his head around the new situation, Tony doesn’t want Steve to think
It’s grilled cheese and about a hundred other things.  There’s more food than he can possibly eat and more liquor than Tony can drink.  Afterward, they try The Comedy Stop and while Steve tries to laugh when everyone else does, most of the time he doesn’t really understand the reference or he flat out doesn’t think it’s funny.  Fortunately, Tony seems to agree the guy’s a stinker and they’re off to a different club, and then a different casino, The Venetian.  Tony gives him a stack of chips and tells him not to worry about blowing it.
Yesterday, he and Sam were supposed to meet some of Sam’s friends for dinner at Red Rooster Harlem and then go to Amateur Night at the Apollo.  It was supposed to be a fun night out on the town.
He wraps his arms around Steve from behind, burying his face against his back and breathing in turpentine and sweat.
have a name?” Rhodey asks, catching on the carefully chosen word. Tony glances over his shoulder, surveying the hangar. Their voices will travel and echo. “Tones, we’re the only ones here. And you know I’m not going to judge.”
“Steve, I…” Tony drifts off before finishing the thought, eyes roving over his body before settling back on his face. Other than that, Tony doesn’t move a muscle. For a moment, Steve wonders why Tony’s hesitating when it’s so painfully obvious that Steve’s ready and willing.
“Look. Babe. You don’t have to tell me anything if you don’t want to. I just don’t want you to feel like you
It’s unkind to think that, he knows. A lot of people’s hard work when into the film, and Tony has his whole future in the business riding on its success. But that doesn’t stop Steve from wishing that tonight might be the last time he ever hears of it.
“Hey, Steve – Handsome Family, Knitting Factory, Saturday, just you and me, man, you in?”  Bucky asks over the din of talking and the tracks.  Natasha turns to look up at him, the invitation piquing her interest.
He straightens up as quickly as he can, tossing Bucky’s dirty clothes and random stacks of half-finished scripts into his bedroom and putting away the dishes from the drying rack by the kitchen sink.
“Captain Rogers, as Agent Romanoff stated, he walked in today.  He knew we were looking for him and he turned himself in.”
Tony doesn’t watch any of this, but he doesn’t much care. Only the swell of the music over the end credits jars him from his intense concentration on Steve.
Then he goes to the window, pulling down on the slats of the blinds and surveying the parking lot below. The day is blindingly sunny, the sky a cloudless blue, and Tony’s already growing tired of this endless summer. He wants weather to match his mood, but Los Angeles never seems to change.
“So can we just get past what we lost, then?  ‘Cause if we don’t, we’re not going to have anything left, Steve.  I can’t deal with that; these past nine months have been hell without my best friend.”
City blocks have been destroyed by the battle with the Chitauri, the skyline once again irrevocably altered by outside forces hell bent on destruction.  Even as the skeletons of new buildings grow hopefully toward the sky and the old buildings saved are patched over, re-bricked, reinforced and restructured, the scars remain, and will always remain.
Tony’s frown changes then, losing its childish, stubborn quality and settling deep, his eyes going dark.  He doesn’t say anything in response.
“Oh hello, Mr. Barnes,” Pepper says loudly, giving Tony a hard look. She puts on her most professional voice, even though she knows Bucky too well for such a business-like tone. “What may I do for you?”
“I didn’t say he was unattractive,” he shrugs. Steve slaps his shoulder and drops his head to Tony’s chest again.
“Little confused here, Tony,” Steve finally manages to eke out, his hands coming to the front of Tony’s shoulders, the action causing Tony to freeze.  Tony backs off slowly, licking his lips as he carefully seats himself on the opposite bench.
, the first day he’d worn his cologne around the Tower, Steve had nearly cried. He smelled like home, like their old apartment and their shared bed, like cold nights walking home from dance halls with Bucky’s arm slung over his shoulder, and warm summer evenings when that cologne mixed with sweat as he and Bucky tried to cool off on the fire escape. Steve had wanted to bury his face against Bucky’s neck and breathe him in.
He does have Tony’s office number, but he doesn’t know how he would explain to Pepper why he needs Tony’s home address or phone number, and he doesn’t expect she goes around simply handing that out, even if he is the lead actor in Tony’s film.
“Steve.” Bucky’s head snaps up and he gives him that look that’s nearly as old as their friendship, the one that says
“It’s not weird to set up your ex on a date, is it?” Tony asks, twisting at the waist to look at Steve.
, for a while.  Steve decides not to quibble over the logic with Tony.  “It was incredibly sweet of you to play matchmaker.”
“Yeah, I cook.”  She’s daring him to make something of it.  Steve wishes Tony were wise enough not to rise to the bait but he knows it’s not the case.
When he picks up his pencil, all he wants to do is draw Tony’s hands, Tony’s mouth, Tony’s hair.  He ignores the urge and busies himself with everything, anything else.
The second he says it Tony knows he shouldn’t have.  Pushing Steve away was one thing, but that wasn’t a push.  That was the verbal equivalent of a pile driver.  Steve’s face falls, the color draining from his cheeks.  Steve doesn’t even bother trying to recuperate; he just stands there looking hurt.
Luckily his time with Tony had taught him a thing or two about stamina, and modern medicine has made this frail body of his far more manageable than it might have been back in the day.
“Bull shit you don’t know.  You don’t know, why’d you want to talk?”  There are other agents piling into the hallway now, coming into the room from the other entrance, their guns up and ready.
Steve leaves, grumbling something to himself and shaking his head but smiling all the same, and Peter doubles down on the math problem in front of him, even though the numbers are no longer making a lick of sense.
Steve downs the last of his drink, gin burning his throat all the way down. He wipes his lips with the back of his hand and signals Nick for another.
“Tell me you have good news, buddy,” Tony begs, tapping his foot against the floor.  There’s a lot of noise in the background, excess chatter and the rumble of a huge engine.  “C’mon, tell me you’re all in one piece and on the way home.”
“Is he going to be okay?”  Betty crouches down beside Bruce, brushing his messy hair from his face.  He doesn’t stir.
“What’s the plan here, Dr. Ross?”  Steve asks, attempting to stand and not quite getting his feet under him.  He sure hasn’t missed feeling like this, weak and useless, unable to defend himself.  She opens the door and grips him by the arm again, the tightness of her hold betraying her anxiety and impatience.
“Dry off, Wonder Boy.  You should come up and have some breakfast.”  He nods his head toward the door but Steve shoots him down.
at how attractive Steve was. He’d seen a few old black and white pictures, but the way Steve always talked disparagingly about himself left Tony unprepared for the reality.
Behind him, the projector rattles. Dust motes dance in the white beam of light streaming from the back of the room. It cuts a widening swath just over his shoulder to reach the big screen he’d recently installed on the wall.
“Good man, good man.” Tony rises from his seat, palming the waiter a twenty-dollar bill. He winks at Steve and gestures for him to stand as well.
“Pardon?” Steve asks for what has to be the tenth time.  He tries to give his conversation partner his undivided attention, finally turning to face him.  They’re about the same height and while he has wavy, messy, dark hair like Bruce’s, there’s a slight pout to his lips that makes Steve think of Bucky.  He’s not sure anymore if he finds that comforting or upsetting, as things with Bucky have only become more strained and awkward as months have gone by.
“Yeah, first time and only time.  Like to keep it that way.  Don’t want you going into anything without knowing exactly who’s with you.  I’m
“This.” He gestures between them. “I think you should see what it’s like. You and Bucky never had a chance to be together like this, and maybe you should have.”
right,” Maria surprisingly chimes in, tapping the end of her pen against the spiral binding of her notebook. “Steve Rogers does have charisma.”
“You’ll be interested to know, I can now put my legs behind my head…” Tony quirks an teasing eyebrow at Steve and smirks knowingly when he sees Steve’s Adam’s apple bob as he swallows hard.
Steve pauses, looking at him, finally. His eyes drop to Tony's lips and then back up, a bit unfocused.
The warriors and lady burst into laughter, jostling each other as they parted to allow Steven and Lady Sit to once again take the ring. Both holding identical sets of daggers and wearing equal jaunty expressions.
As they joined their companions by the camp site, giving small greetings to the Asgardians and going about to setting their meal, Thor pressed a kiss to Steve’s cheek and entered the large tent where Frandal rested. The Soldier watched him go with a somber gaze, turning back to help Hogun with the spread of bread and cheeses.
With a pursed smile, Thor laid a soothing hand to the Capta-His Husband’s- shoulder, holding a grimace when this startled a near imperceptible jump of the blond man, who was so deep in his ghastly thoughts to have left the room entirely. Steven quickly offered a small smile to Thor and patted the hand set on his shoulder reassuringly.
Ronan fell to his knees with the strength of the blow, unimaginable coming from a single man, or entity. The Accuser spat the blood gathering in his mouth, facing up to the King of Asgard as the God clenched his weathered hand around the thick of the weapon until it crumbled like dry sand in his fist, leaving only the stone in the middle of his scared palm, shining and pulsing harmlessly in his Godly hold.
“I’m sure things will work out with Jane, Point Break” Stark assured him, his calloused hand patting his own in weak strokes, still mostly under the influence of the strong sedatives of the surgical room “You’re gorgeous, she’ll forgive you anything with a bit of time”
“Yes” Steven whispered, sealing his words with a feather light kiss and prompting uproarious cheering and clapping from their people.
Thor stopped his ministrations for a second before restarting, now with both hands actively massaging Steve’s neck and shoulders, earning a small groan from his husband.
Thor seethed silently, glaring at the female representative of an European country belt out, gearing others around her into another angry round of demands. Odin stood silent as more and more restless humans shouted out demands of physical evidence and shows of faith and public agreements that made Thor’s head pound and ache in beat to their angry screams.
Thor surged up and ripped the obstructing leather from the lovely man’s lips, taking his mouth and shoving his tongue inside the warm cavern, letting the Soldier sample his taste and groaning in sync with the man’s startled gasps at the filthiness of the act, his limp cock stirring bravely on his taut belly and more honest in his desire than he ever was.
“Come on, Thor. They’re your children.” Steven urged, walking stiffly to the tent’s curtains and halting with a jolt when the God released a high cry of mirth. The Soldier turned to his smirking husband with a questioning gaze, to which the God leaned back into his beddings with a truly filthy and self-satisfied smirk on his Godly face.
“Loki has tried to kill me on many, many occasions” Thor said excitedly to his husband, both cuddling, fully clothed on the couch. Thor’s back pressed to the Captain’s chest as he discovered the joys of being the ‘little spoon’ as the Captain had so adeptly put it and reminiscing about their bizarre childhoods together between bites of Asgardian fruits and sweetcakes.
Frigga’s face had softened from her earlier stony expressions after the fight with Odin, her eyes so very kind on the Captain as she agreed wholeheartedly, making plans to craft spells with her students and master Sedir’s to get just the right effect. Fury agreed to procure the photographs of the men fallen in service as to make things easier.
“Fuck!” He screamed. Pepper already watching the news in the wide screen of the common room, her clear blue eyes wide in horror.
The man leapt to his feet and ran out the doors into the fray of swinging swords and spurts of blood. Ignoring the cut, breathless pleas of the God sprawled in his bedroom floor.
Banner laughed and slapped a green hand into Steve’s, visibly recoiling as he saw the green skin against ivory. Steve held on tight to his hand, eyes kind but firm on the panting man “We humans are stronger than we look”
His blue eyes, so much like the clear skies of Asgard in midsummer glory, assessed Heimdall with severity, but they also held compassion as he let Mjolnir fall to the floor with a careless thud. The final ring of the battle and extended his gloved hand to the defeated Heimdall.
“I am honored to have made the acquaintance of men so fine as you.” The one named Drax said, his voice filled with admiration as he glanced from one husband to the other before placing heavy, groping hands on their shoulders and saying “Please, for the sake of the Universe…
Steve could almost hear her say. He imagined her small, clammy hands on his hair as she used to pet it when he was at his wits end over something or other. Steve nodded to his ghosts, ripping his silly clothes off in frantic pulls to stand in his undershirt and pants, ruffling hurriedly through his things for that little wooden cross he had always kept in the inner laps of his uniform, right next to his compass.
The Widow nudged the triumphant Archer meaningfully, pointing the Captain’s unflinching sitting and extended her dainty hands silently.
Steve continued his fevered examination of Asgards skies, his voice gaining an extracorporeal, empty tone that haunted Thor’s soul “It’s part of procedure they said, for the… you know, in case we get…. blessed”
“We will never betray our cause.” Gamora replied, her voice failing to sound collected as she was faced down by the looming God. The Racoon on the other hand…
The musicians broke into a lovely song, the cords scratched expertly, stringing a ballad so soft and sweet it made one’s heart ache, barely a moment later, the mages broke into chanting, hands weaving spells in the darkest moments of night and brought forth light, minutes before day should break, they washed the garden and city with a golden haze.
“Oh?” Hogun glanced at the Captain and his choice of weapon with barely concealed amusement at Sif’s frown. Those were Loki’s favorite set. Thor saw Steven take the sharp daggers in hand with a knot in his chest.
Steve took the proffered vial of clear liquid from her shaking hand with a fake smile “Thank you, my Queen.”
The man gave a full body shiver, startled to a sweet gasp against Thor’s questing strokes. And just as Thor was dipping his tongue out for a taste of the Captain’s supple flesh a harsh hand pulled his head back and away from Steven. His scalp stinging and protesting as his hair was nearly ripped from the root by an expressionless Heimdall, whose empty gaze only stared forward as he dragged the Crown Prince off the couch and across the room.
“What’s the point to all this Mr. Stark?” The President asked, straight to the point and so clearly close to snapping.
Thor struggled to keep his emotions at bay, his eyes watering at the Captain’s small voice and pressing a loving kiss to his fevered brow “You will, my darling, I will make sure of it”
“Aye, it is a complicated existence, when you get to live so long as we do.” Thor said, guilt of his transgressions not that long ago coming back to the fore as he spoke, then nudging his shoulder to the Captains with a wide, frozen smile “You can get a couple of punches in if you like, Steven.”
After a rather short and awkward class with Master Bragi, Steve ambled back to his bedroom with sagging feet, ready to call the day off and sleep it’s troubles out.
It was such an incongruent thing, to see the man dressed in such prim and childish clothes, ones that he himself had loathed to wear in his childhood, now he admired them with fervent passion.
The words stung deep in Thor’s heart, and for once in all his blundering, stupid existence, he learnt to let a matter die. Thor turned instead to the remaining avenger untried. The Captain noticed his gaze and became unnaturally still. Thor eyed him lewdly up and down, enjoying the near imperceptible fidgeting of the otherwise assertive Soldier.
Out in the balcony, fighting to keep a straight face as the banging down the hall grew louder, much to the other’s mirth and his private misery. Tony stared out to the unbelievable landscape of Asgard and tried to be happy for his friends.
Thor shrunk in his seat, pulling at the silks covering his bulging thighs in miserable tugs, wretched to the core at the new admission. His throat worked silently for a long, aggrieved moment.
“Why should I let the Hero of America, Captain of the Avengers, a Soldier of impeccable history, a life of sacrifice, duty and honor. Earth’s mightiest hero!” Fury boosted, riling the council men up with each title thrown at their faces and then waved a depictive hand at Thor, sitting quietly at Odin’s side “Marry that
If he was honest with himself, he could not see this changing in the foreseeable future. And his heart ached at the thought of soiling this beautiful union of souls with Steven, with the ghost of his lost love.
The night was young still. Their guests silenced for a moment, observing the newlywedded pair stand from their seats and slowly walk out of the room, soon they were drowned by the sound of cheer and lusty whistles. The Captain flushed and shot a parting look to their friends, a small wave thrown their way as they both exited the ceremony hall. Thor smiled at his husband, guiding him into the empty hallways and shutting the golden doors behind him, muffling the persistent catcalls at his back.
Thor snickered under his breath and sucked an easy lungful of Asgards cool midnight air as he followed his friends into the night.
Please let me know your thoughts so far on the story and if you have any requests for it. I'm stuggling with how to approach the courting process and mariage.
The captain nodded in commendation at the gasping God “Well fought General.  I’ll see you tomorrow, 1600 sharp.” He clamped a cautious hand on Heimdall’s mauled shoulder with a witty glint to his cerulean eyes “And tell Odin he owes us a new building… Have a good day, sir.”
Thor winced but quickly hid it with a smile. About to explain himself the elderly Master rose from his seat and handed Steven the heavily scribbled paper. “Matters not, my prince. You are young and courting still, I will allow this disruption for once.” Then with a patient smile in Steven’s direction, one Thor had never known the man to even possess, he signaled a door on the back with a long, bony finger. “Pick a piece of marble from the back room” Steven perked up at the order, his eyes wide with delight “I will prepare it for you and we will begin to work tomorrow morning”
Odin joined them at the mention of his youthful adventures. Eyeing the trophy with an appreciative but calculating gleam to his blue orb. “Aye, it is quite large… Steven slayed it, you say?”
“Steven, we will meet again tomorrow.” The man said in ways of goodbye, turning his full attentions to his task now as Steven finished gathering his utensils.
“Steve, what the fuck!” Tony snarled, his faceplate lifting and showing his bruised face, a drop of blood rolling down his temple “We were winning!”
“Captain Steven Rogers, Director Nicolas Fury” Thor spoke, uncomfortable and unbalanced “My Father Odin Borson, the All Father, King of Asgard and Protector of the nine realms” Odin nodded at them from his seat on Sleipnir; then he turned to his silent, contemplative Mother “Frigga, Mother of Gods and Queen of Asgard”
Steven barked a laugh and set his hands on his hips, hanging his blushing face as the Avengers cackled at his expense.
The All Father nodded approvingly: “Aye, justice requires deliberation and a clear mind. Until you draw a resolution, I bound Loki Odinson, God of Lies and Mischief to your will.”
The idiot God could be that dense, as he blinked his big blue eyes at Loki as if just rousing from sleep.
“He’d shoot you” Drax assured, making a gun of his fingers to point at the disgruntled Starlord right between the eyebrows “in the face.”
“Are you well, Captain?” Heimdall questioned, his golden eyes boring into the Soldiers confused ones with something akin to intrigue.
“Yes Thor?” The Captain replied distractedly, taking another large, careless bite of his treat, loud enough to cause the God to wince.
“If you need courting advice from Frandal, I’d say you are practically brain dead” Hogun supplied, taking the fallen sword and joining Lady Sif in the ring.
Bruce barked a startled laugh and reached for his wallet in chagrin “Serves me right for betting against America”
“His prowess was obvious from the tight fitting of his wedding attire” Drax agreed, taking a sip of his tea as he added in a deadpanned tone “He is as well endowed as he is handsome”
“I know, it has not much in the ways of comforts, but I am quite certain that I can distract you from the lack of furniture if you allow it” Thor slurred provocatively, hiding the real uncertainty as he eyed the near barren rooms, it’s only feature being the large, comely bed and the small, unobtrusive nightstands tucked at the sides. Leaving all the decorating to natures own whims.
Then they went to bed, snuggled together and Tony spoke. About the file with his Father’s last wish, the video of his mother’s last breath, the damning meeting with the council. And Steve, they spoke about Steve.
“I know that making that decision couldn’t have been any less than the hardest one you’ve ever made.” The Captain insisted, gazing into their eyes knowingly, making the Guardians shift and quiet as they recalled their struggles along the way, all their doubts. “The price of freedom is high; it always has been. But it’s one you were all willing to pay… You are heroes.”
Thor grinned unrepentant and the Captain barked an amused laugh and then, surprising even Thor, he walked closer to the God. their bodies rubbing together in every step. Thor’s grin near parted his face in two.
“Yeah, no slut shaming Captain America!” Quill shouted in rage, cuffing the larger man over the head and scooting over to the irate Director “Shoot him, brother!”
Thor rubbed a calloused palm to his tired face as he confessed in a shamed whisper “Someone tried to take the Captain and I knew nothing of it”
.”  The Captain’s eyes stern and admonishing on the elderly men as he spoke over the astounded gaping of the nobles “This is your job, you have a duty to your people. Please abide to it.”
It took a second, but then it came. He felt the man’s warm hands lay gently on his head, patting his hair in soft, uncertain strokes. Thor sighed deeply.
Odin settled next to Thor, catching the interest of the humans to the pair of rings and tilting his head curiously at his son “Huh? what is this?”
Thor smirked at the irreverent comment and poked his tongue out at the Captain, he too relaxing back on his seat and biting his lip in concentration as he devoted himself to make the most perfect, detailed Stick Steven the universe had ever beheld.
Barton grinned and batted his eyelashes coquettishly, raising his tumbler of amber liquor to meet Thor’s bottle of beer. “Nice to finally be appreciated, how are you doing buddy? Got a wedding date too? We could probably do one of those double wedding things”
“Steve” Sam chuckled, kind and soothing “You are a gorgeous man, I’ll give you that, but you’re no Helen of Troy. The man isn’t going to invade the Planet he spent a whole month swearing up and down to protect.” Sam reasoned “You have a choice Steve, you always do”
Steve stood rigidly in front of the Barton’s TV, the room submerged in a deep silence as they watched the Asgardian General tap his sword every couple of minutes, conjuring tens of soldiers and mammoth like Iron Beasts onto Earth in multicolored bursts of magic.
Frigga rose a challenging brow at the poorly hidden innuendo and pinched his thigh under the table in punishment.
Thor frowned but smiled at the queer questions the Captain had, it was quite charming if he really thought of it. “Quite different I would say”
Tony coughed out a sob, throwing his bottle into the furthest wall with a crash, ignoring how his bots scrambled to pick up the mess with agitated beeps.
Frandal grinned wide and spread his arms to envelope the scene, reveling in the reactions of the Captain and sprouted into prose “Aye, it is lovely, but it pales in comparison to your beauty” Steven visibly startled and looked down at the blond warrior in surprise “I am bewitched by your charms since the first moment my eyes had the honor to feast upon your visage”
Sif sighed and placed a consoling hand to the troubled Soldier’s shoulder, smiling softly for the man who after knowing her for so little, dared to reach for her heart as none of her ancient friends ever dared. “I know it was never meant to be, and I am truly happy for him, he has grown so much since he met you…”
“You’re going to have to get through me first” Steve taunted, seeing how the Beast’s eyes followed Frigga’s slow trek to the exit with a vicious snarl.
“Not bashing the soul bounding thing” The Captain drawled with a sly smirk “but I think this ceremony was better.”
“These are our bathing rooms; I took the liberty of ordering for a larger bathing tub… If you ever feel like having company” The God grinned wickedly as they both stared at the tub, sat in the center of the room and more resembling a small pool than any bathing tub had the right to. He would deeply enjoy the space, once the Captain was amenable.
“Forgive me if it’s rude to ask” Steven began, the very first words he had spoken since the beginning of the celebrations “But Thor and I are both grown men, is having a chaperon really necessary?”
“Steven, I have been searching for you all day.” Thor began, stopping by the foot of their bed and meeting the Captain’s confused gaze with a shamed one of his own as he put all his efforts into groveling “I am deeply,
“Can it?” The Director threw it in the air and caught it sharply, enjoying the startled yelps from the intruders as he finally slipped the devise back into his coat “Then I’d best hold on to it… I can think of a friend who would enjoy this very much.”
“You have my word” Odin says, not acknowledging him as he held the eyes of the officers who remained in shock in front of him “That is enough”
“Oh you are staying right here” Fury scoffed “I don’t trust you idiots to not turn around and give this whole kidnapping thing another try.”
“And a grand one it will be, my Queen” The man groused fervently, eyes bright and his voice thick with uncharacteristic emotion as he bowed deeply before the Mother of Gods. “Please, my Queen, I have spent centuries teaching deaf, talentless children of the court; wasting away ignored and unwanted. And now I have finally found a student who not only wishes to learn but has a smidgen of grace and a keen, emotive eye!” The man fell to his knees, overcome in his plea to the Queen “I would devote my life to this man if that means I get no part in tutoring those dull, snot nosed heathens ever again…”
“Thor” Steven gasped, a sound so sweet Thor could only repeat the motion, slotting both their swollen cocks together, so hot and hard despite the layers of clothing and moaning loudly as his husband gave a broken whimper.
“Come” Frigga broke the heated silence, her voice sweet but firm, broking no question as she waved the visitors forward to a waiting carriage on the bridge. “Let us make haste, you must be wary of your travels”
“This” Thor boomed, waves of electricity crawling around his feet there where he stood, arms set wide to envelop the damage he had wrought  “Is my reckoning, let it be known that anyone who dares touch my betrothed without his consent will suffer the wrath of the mighty Thor.”
Thor nodded eagerly “Aye, not on all occasions mind you, but I will endeavor to pay you all a visit my friends.”
Thor grinned smugly as he pressed daringly closer to the flustered Captain, ignoring the Director’s scowl as he rubbed shoulders with his betrothed.
“It wasn’t just you” Pepper sighed, coming to sit next to the sprawled mess that was Tony and clasped his limp hand in hers “I knew what I was getting into from the start” She smiled a soft, pained smile as she cupped his hand in both of hers “I’ve known you close to 10 years now, I should’ve known better”
The next morning Thor woke to a light peck of a lips to his brow. Blinking up blearily as the first rays of sunlight, he caught the sight of a bare-chested Captain America, splashing his face with clear sea water and running his fingers through the spiky bits of bed hair. Thor sat up, the large blanket that had been placed on him sometime in the night falling from his shoulders and bunching in his naked lap.
It was almost worth the restlessness he suffered to see his baby brother scramble in his bed like a Midgardian chicken, dark hair fluffed like feathers and eyes wide like a fretting maiden.
Thor held on tight to his husband, his hands wandering the clothed expanse of the Soldier’s strong back, his nails catching on the fabric of his shirt and going lower to finally grip that perfect bottom, earning a low groan as he groped and kneaded the firm cheeks in time with their thrusts.
Steven smiled his trademark smile, the smile that had won million of hearts over the decades and made thousands of men march to war at his command. All honest and earnest American charm as he voiced: “I’m really happy for the two of you… I mean that Tony”
This retreat had done wonders for the man’s peace of mind. Going as far as being able to joke about the Other Guy in more than one occasion. As Lila had asked him if he could turn into the Hulk to play, both children regarding him with dubious eyes.
Thor was not surprised that the man knew of his surprise for the good Captain, as his roundabout comment gave away, and actually felt himself relax at the assurance. He wanted to please Steven, as their engagement was drawn alarmingly short, he could not help but feel that they had been cheated of a beautiful opportunity and sank into his duties with unknown fervor, as if getting this right could somehow undo the wrongs of a stunted courting.
“Leave him” Thor begged, grasping at the seams of Steven’s shirt as the Soldier scooted away in determined pulls “He will survive, Tanngnjostr and Tanngrisnir are herbivores, they only bite him because he smells of apples, I swear!”
“I thank you, Captain” Loki mouthed gingerly, eyes wild now with pain and face contorted in grimaces as every spoken word and twitch sparked and inflamed the gapping, bleeding wounds on his lips. “But I don’t believe I could eat another bite”
“What do you speak of, Captain?” Sif prompted, continuing her slow prowl forth as the distance between them and Hogun grew, now effectively out of earshot and not sure if she wished it so. The Captain followed a few paces behind the woman, keen eyes set on her and searching.
“Now if you are both quite done!” Hogun shouted from up high, startling the pair out of their silent heart searching and drawing their eyes to the man, crouching on a tall branch of a tree far off and pointing urgently down at the fat beast that scratched and oinked furiously at the trunk  “could you please shoot that boar so I can come down?”
Thor clutched onto his husband, all his desire and love scorching in his veins and just as Thor felt the telltale clench of his balls and that creeping twitch of his cock mirrored by the Captain’s own clothed member; the man’s gasps growing urgent and releasing a deliciously wanton mewl. Thor lost his senses, he flipped them over in a flash, grounding his hips down harshly between the Soldiers thighs and climaxing with a roar.
The door to the washroom closed softly behind Loki’s back as he left the two spouses to tend to his morning needs. Thor sat quietly by the edge of their bed, his sullen eyes glued to the door where his little brother had disappeared, as if guarding it from an evil foe would suddenly appear and attempt to harm the dark God. As if he could possibly save him from further harm.
He grappled with the man, or more like, reached at him and never managed to touch him. The dark man always one step out of reach, just one centimeter out of shooting range. And as the council men and women took the chance to run as Iron man attempted to fight the alien General, chaos outside erupted, the armies engaged and guns sang.
“Good.” The Man of Iron said, a shaky, honest smile coming forth as he placed a tentative hand to the God’s bulging arm “He’s going to make you very happy.”
Tony bit her jaw to silence a mewl of need as his fingers curled inside her, spreading her moisture on himself before impaling her in a careless thrust. And as a scream rang in his ears, he thought he heard her scream another man’s name.
Loki smiled with Thor’s face, hiding the pain in his expression with a wide hand to his golden wig. “Forgive me, Captain. I can be overly enthusiastic when food is involved”
Silence took over the room. Fury met the shamed gaze of every man and woman in the room before sprawling onto his seat once more. “So, I’m all ears, Odin.
“Aye, Captain, what are you doing here?” Thor’s hand went to open the balcony doors, eager to meet the man, his nudity but a plus in the scenario. They were to be married soon; it would be remiss of him not to flaunt that which would belong to the Soldier. Thor grinned brightly and pulled the handle.
“Well, lets drink and be merry for the coming nuptials of our future king and his so very lovely consort” Volstagg offered, raising yet another tankard of ale, ripping Thor of his dark thoughts as he lifted his own drink with a loud cheer, even Frandal forgetting his jealous laments to join the toast.
Thor gazed up to his father, Odin stood impassive as he eyed the newcomer, the mechanical suit of armor landing in a bursts of propulsors and marching decisively onwards. Towards Steven
“I noticed you were a bit quiet during breakfast…” He said, tailing off at the end, as if uncertain of how to word his questions, though Sif knew exactly what this was about and she was unsurprised it had finally come to head.
It was a true delight to observe the Captain fight, and a terror to be at the other end of his punches. He morphed so seamlessly from one fighting style to the other, learning, adapting to Thor’s skills and weaknesses. It was an awe-inspiring sight.
“Hey! I’m not dying over no human hussy!” Rocket snapped, waving his little paws around worriedly “We tried, we failed. Like I told you!”
The Starlord ignored the deadpanned assessment and glared at the blond God “Will you chill, dude? we’re just talking!”
“That’s ringing some bells” Tony quipped, bringing a mocking hand to his ear “Anyone else hear them? Sounds awfully familiar, so much déjà vu.”
Thor cackled loudly, jostling his intended before pulling him closer for an enamored nuzzle to the man’s temple “You are truly a delight, Captain”
Thor smiled tightly to his sullen mother, coming forth and placing a parting kiss to her furrowed brow “Good night, Mother mine”
“Yeah Thor, she’s been a bad hammer” Tony agreed, hands lifted in a placating gesture, sensing the rising tension in the God’s mannerisms and not liking it one bit “So why don’t you give it a time out and put it in a corner somewhere so we can talk it out, huh?”
“Are you sure?” Steven pressed; his kindness boundless as he offered his own wedded rights up for the sake of one lonely, heartbroken woman. Sif smiled up to the man with sincere affection.
can still hit you for touching me.” Steven arched a daring brow, glaring down sternly at the brazen God, kneeling behind him and gripping his hips, inches away from his ass and slowly, but surely, scooting lower.
Mjolnir fell with a heart wrenching thud. Jane’s hand curled firmly around her wide handle, her arm pulled straight as the Hammer sat, unmoving and irresponsive to her touch.
“Oh, but you should have asked for escorts if you wished to go Hunting” Frigga bemoaned, her earlier delight clouded by a surge of worry as she saw the mess that had become of Steven comely clothes. “Our King quite enjoys hunting parties, he would not have denied you the opportunity to go in such a quest, especially for such a handsome courting present!”
Out in the shallow of the water, Thor stood on his nephew’s head, holding fast to the large, curled horns of its head and grinning that beaming, contagious smile of his as he shouted over the waves.
Thor rubbed at his hand like a scolded child. Catching the eyes of the Warrior Three and Lady Sif, who were part of the Royal Betrothed’s Guard for the day. He smiled happily at his friends and waved. He was not reciprocated…
Thor pursed his lips thoughtfully “I shall stay with Jormungandr for today, I have long neglected my nephew and it will be a long time still before his father can visit”
Thor raised his head to the lovely figure standing in the doorway. Frigga smiled uncertainly at her son, eyeing both blond men with a faintly pale and stunted expression. Thor blinked and yawned as he straightened, sitting up from his sprawl over Steven’s slumbering form.
“Ha! my sons!” Thor startled out of his unholy glee when his Father called to them. His face an open mirage of surprise and joy, uncommon enough for Thor to take a step back and tuck the irate Captain behind a protective arm. Frigga’s cold stare alone was enough for Thor’s mirth to settle and curdle in his stomach. Remembering her plea the night of their wedding and what this must look like. Thor fought to keep his eyes above ground under the weight of his mother’s disapproval. Regardless of his having abided to her wishes, he would never grow immune to her scolding’s. The All Father strode forward to match his steps with the newlyweds. “Come, join us, you must be famished.”
A long line of Asgardian workers came in with arms full of wooden boxes and all matters of things they went about to setting in his room with but a perfunctory glance his way. Steve was about to ask what all those things were when he saw a blank canvas be set near his balcony window on a high, golden easel. So white and crisp his eyes burned to look at it longer than a couple of seconds.
“Oh, and Captain?” The Director added, sole eye piercing and menacing on the open balcony doors “Do let Thor know that if I catch his ass in here, I will shave his fucking head off with my nail clippers.”
“I wished to invite you to join me for an afternoon of sparring with the Warrior Three and Lady Sif” Thor explained with a flush, guiding the Captain to the training grounds. “I have been remis to introduce you to my dearest companions”
Banner cleared his throat, attempting to dissipate the air of aggression between the two men. “So, I think I’ll be going to bed now, it’s not good for my nerves to be sleep deprived.”
Thor was woken by the loud thud of Mjolnir falling from it’s perch on his night table onto the marble floor. Thor blinked blearily at the Hammer, at the nightstand, and at the Hammer again.
Thor grinned jovially and hurried to take part in the repairs, under a bemused set of eyes and many astounded glances. And just as Thor attempted to nail a shelf into the wall a harried Mistress Eir halted his hand. “My prince, it was only
“Captain!” The black widow called, standing before UN doors and beckoning him forward, joined in a leap by a haggled looking Hawkeye, bow pulled and firing explosives at the advancing Giants.
And with but a couple of shouts of protest, Thor leapt into the air, Mjolnir crashing through the Council room ceiling like paper walls. Petty act of revenge, yes; but utterly satisfying.
And so, they took him to Steven’s rooms; where they found him gleefully testing the many pencils on a large blank canvas with the daunting likeliness of a stern Director Fury, who posed reclined and fierce on one of Steven’s chairs.
Steve felt his friends listening, silently lulled by the soft croon of Steve’s voice as he recited the prayer, as if captivated by the words, huddling closer to the Captain’s body. He prayed for fortitude, for resignation, he pleaded for wisdom, and finally, he asked for his holy blessing of the future marriage.
“But the Captain is not ready.” Thor shot back, a mighty glare taking hold of his features as he clenched his fists on his knees.
“Why Captain” Clint batted his eyelashes at him, leaning over the small table in the small terrace where they ate. “What a dirty mind you have”
“Not gonna happen, Thor” Banner chuckled, silently helping the Black Widow get a thoroughly intoxicated Barton off the couch and onto shaky feet. “You are so strong” Hawkeye drunkenly slurred to Bruce’s stubbled cheek “So handsome”
By the entrance, Miss Potts greeted in a high and pleased voice: “Captain Rogers, I’m so glad you came!”
Steve pursed his lips for a moment, eyes bright and so very grateful as he spoke “Thank you, Nick. For everything.”
“No, wait, don’t open the door…” The Captain pleaded. Thor frowned at the shadow of his betrothed. Now that he was closer, he thought he could hear a soft wheeze in the man’s breath, like a faint whistling of his lungs. Worry seeped deep in Thor’s chest.
With one very obvious member missing. Thor saw Steven’s face fall minutely as he counted heads and came out wanting. Iron man would not be present for their nuptials.
Then the whole Mandarin debacle happened and as he landed in shit-fuck-nowhere, taken the payphone; he had called the first person he had thought of.
Thor turned in a slow circle, mentally counting the bodies in the crowd and smiling. Over 600 humans.
“Aye, I will keep this secret between us.” Loki drawled on with derision “Though how long do you think it will be before it reaches Odin’s ears that his virile son and heir cannot bugger his own spouse?”
Frigga’s eyes blazed in fury as she strode to her bewildered husband “It was not Thor who commanded an attack on Midgard, it was not Thor who began this ridiculous comedy of a wage and it certainly is not Thor who is responsible for your failings as a father!”
Steve meets the Parents, Fury is a BAMF, a Lannister and a one eyed Chastity Belt all rolled into one. Frigga Plots.
“Yes you fucking can” Tony surged forward, slamming his lips against Steve’s, teeth rattling and cutting. He poured his everything to the kiss, caressing, licking, biting, anything to get a reaction from the frozen, irresponsive Soldier. He pulled back, gasping in harsh hurt breaths.
“It’s… It’s all I ever…” Steven fell silent once more, head hanging down and eyes glued to a picture, a picture of a large, pale blue house with white picket fence, then the Captain straightened, like a balloon being filled, his head tall and shoulders pulled back “Yes, yes I’d like that very much, please.”
The Captain shrugged his self depicting thing, making Thor’s heart ache for this humble, glory of a man “Wouldn’t feel right not to.”
The All Father held Steven’s gaze before rising from his throne, cutting the violent sneers of the crowd abruptly and submerging them in an absolute silence.
The Queen cut herself short and gulped visibly, struggling with her words as she gazed up with bleary eyes to her confused son “He is not willing, my dear”
Thor blinked owlishly for a moment before he remembered, siting up with a gleeful wince as he pulled at his own torn and bloodied shirt from where it stuck to his back, the fabric ripped in stripes as if claws had been swiped across it. Thor felt a hot flash of lust run down his spine and settle on his bruised, eager cock, only now noticing as well the uncomfortable tightness and itching from having slept in his spent soiled trousers.
“No, I have kept it from him since I myself found the truth.” Thor admitted “You see, Loki vowed to Odin and Asgard,
He rubbed his thumb on her flushing cheeks, she smiled openly “And they dare wonder where Loki came about his Silver Tongue”
Thor met Steven’s eyes firmly “Asgard is not your home and Earth stopped being so long ago.” The words struck a chord inside the man for his hands began to shake minutely on his lap. “I ask of you to start anew, let me be your home, our marriage your shelter.” The God pleaded to the silent, shaken Mortal “It is not so simple I know… but it is a start.”
Thor sat in the large couch as he merrily went about to distributing steamy buns of freshly baked breads and sliced fruits “The newly wedded pair stay in their rooms until they conceive…” The Captain startled once more before Thor hurriedly added “It is merely symbolic nowadays but the shortest bedding has been Odin’s, and only because he had been mid siege with Vanaheim.”
The fine Captain grinned back, his beautiful blue eyes crinkling in an admittedly adorable way, startling out of place in a grown man but so very comely on Steven. The man of Iron watched the interaction with a stunted expression, his mouth working for a second before smiling brightly.
“My hero” Frandal cried weakly, overplaying his hurts, he moaned and groaned in his bed as Steve approached him.
“So Thor” Clint approached the God as the Captain said his goodbyes to the Director “will you be coming to Earth with Steve?”
Thor nodded once, his resentment on Steven’s behalf still fresh. Master Bragi bulled his hand away and met his eyes in a very pointed gaze. “This is your mistake, and how will you pay for it?”
was a punishment. Thor could only smirk and continue his tale “Aye, there was one time when we were children, he transformed into a snake, and he knows that I love snakes. So, I went to pick up the snake to admire it and he transformed back into himself and he was like: ‘Blegh, it’s me!’ and he stabbed me.” Thor sighed in sweet reminiscing “We were more or less eight at the time”
“Don’t let me go in my sleep.” The man begged, his voice barely a whisper as sleep began to pull him under.
“Let’s just… talk like this for a bit, can’t be unproper if we aren’t actually seeing each other, can we?”
Then he shrieked as Mjolnir budged untouched and unprompted on the marble floor, a metallic scratch sounding as it slowly crawled forward in spontaneous bursts.
Thor startled out of his pinning and turned to a severe Master of Arts, standing imponent, regardless of his small stature, on the high floor of the auditorium, head held high and soulful eyes. Every inch the God of Arts that he was.
“Thor?” Steven mumbled, wrapping his arms around the God’s back, patting softly as if testing it was truly him.
“Funny that the man in question isn’t here for it” Tony mused purposely, sending pointed looks to the politicians all around “You know, laying his life down for his people is one thing, he might have some objections about his country asking him to bend over for the greater good.”
“Asgard decimated Ronan’s forces not long ago for it. Prince Thor heralded the destruction of his armies…”
“Yes, he hails from Brooklyn.” Thor said in ways of an explanation, still grinning widely. “Vicious, blood thirsty sort”
She and Steven would now end almost all their matches in childish laughter as they quipped at one another more often than they stabbed. The Captain even managing to rip uncertain flushes of pink on the fierce woman’s lovely cheeks.
Cries of outrage shook the hall, some of the court stepping forth menacingly. Thor gripped Mjolnir’s handle, the phantom feel of Steven’s soul pushing steadily, still unexperienced against his own enough to steel him for what awaited them.
Thor took the day to recover from the sound beating he received by the Captains hand, indulging in the rare pleasure of junk food and video games. He had not felt so at peace, so at ease with himself in so very long. Thor startled to realize he had not fallen to his usual dark spells all day, more than that, he was in buoyant state of mind.
“Don’t worry your pretty little blond head over it” Barton assured him “Mom and Dad fight all the time, but they still love you very much”
And without another word for it, the Captain pulled the God flushed against his body, hands guiding Thor’s stunned arm over his shoulder as he set his own on the other’s corseted waist. Hands still clasped tightly as the Soldier began to sway.
“What? No! it’s not like that, its…” The Captain weaved an agitated hand through his blond locks, meeting the other man’s soulful gaze and shrinking with a troubled sigh “God, I don’t even know what it is. He is my friend, after the ice, he was the only one who kept my head up water.” Steven explained, his voice soft and tight “Everywhere I went, I found myself thinking: I better call to check in, or; hey, I should send this over, he’ll get a kick out of this, he… he was
And now, after all Steve had lived and seen. He could see his reasons. He had always thought that the bravest thig to do was to go and fight, now he could understand the valor of staying, and that was brave too.
Their encounter had been… something else. Jane was not a novice in any means, she took her pleasure unabashedly, held nothing back and even with her stature being so small, she managed to meet and exceed all expectations. Thor was not a small man and though it took Jane some time and a few couplings to adjust, she always managed to take his whole girth. Jane seem to take a perverse pleasure of forcing her body to extremes, like it was a personal achievement to take Thor’s cock deep inside her core. The last round of lovemaking she had ridden him, their eyes connected as were their bodies, perhaps even more intimate as she rolled her small hips, massaging Thor’s length with her inner muscles and never breaking away.
“We aren’t supposed to need any here” Thor reminded his deliciously wet husband with a sultry smirk and a slow up and down, deliberately provoking the shy and proper Captain to a magnificent frown.
“I should…” Gamora trailed off, feeling and knowing her reassurances meant nothing now, as she gazed upon the many ‘upgrades’ the defiled her sister’s body, all the pain she had endured… “I failed you, I was a child and I was scared. I’m sorry.”
“Forgive me, Steven” She smiled weakly, accompanying him to the Royal halls, hand maidens tagging along like simpering ducklings as they passed the golden doors “I have duties to attend to this afternoon. But here, you will need this in case the fevers return.”
“With… little-help” Loki struggled to speak. Steve stepped forward and gently lifted the hammer from his chest, finally allowing the god to take a deep breath “Thank you” Loki gasped as he sat up slowly, his mother’s hands guiding his movements with careful pulls and tugs.
“What the fuck do you think you’re doing?” One mortal screeched as they all raised in their seats, in varying levels of rage and fear.
He felt her hips buck; legs flailing in an attempt to stop him or pull him in closer. He hissed and pulled the long, creamy limbs up and over his shoulders, curling forward to press a hungry, filthy kiss on her open mouth, folding her in half.
After the Battle of New York, Midgardian politics were in ruins. Year’s of agency secrecy had come to light as conspiracy theories were proven true with the certainty that indeed, human kind is not alone in the universe. Far from it. Humans were under-evolved. Thor released a weary sigh es he muted the large holographic screen that Stark liked to call TV, where more and more of the human representatives sprouted speech after speech inciting fear and accountability to imagined foes and impossible invasion scenarios, with the unflattering turn of pitting the blame on Asgard.
In a second, the sturdy little bridge on the pond succumbed under the combined weight of a dozen young maidens with a sharp crack and crumble.
The captain gave Thor a sharp kick to the stomach, sending him stumbling back to the corner of the ring. Barely staying on his feet, Thor pulled at the ropes to stay afoot, breathing hard and sampling his own blood in his mouth.
“To be honest, I didn’t plan for you to agree to a weapons contract, but I should have guessed you’d go overboard, considering”
The Director stared at the floored God with an indecipherable gaze, hard though eternally patient as he continued his explanation.
Lady Sif halted mid step as she and Steven followed Hogun through the thick woods in search of their dinner. She turned slightly to a contemplative Captain, his handsome face furrowed in thought but his shining blue eyes set kindly on the warrior.
“What ya lookin’ at?” Steven murmured sleepily. Eyes closed still as he stretched his lovely body with a sensual arch of his spine.
“This is so cool!” The little boy screamed, the shrilly voice of a boy barely out of his toddler days. “You’re really the Hulk?”
Steve smiled blearily, nodding to the boy, too moved to use his words. His eyes darting to the pure white canvas once more. He pressed the pencil to his chest with a soft chuckle.
It probably has a lot to do with Steve.  Small Town America probably wouldn’t lend a toolbox to Tony Stark.
“And it really wasn’t all that clever.” Clint adds.  Tony pauses in rinsing and flicks water at the back of Clint’s head.
“All we need now are some pigeons and the stink of the subway and it will be as if I never left home.”
“Now the script isn't good enough? You liked it well enough to come out of retirement, if you remember.”
The elevator doors open on his private quarters, the top story of the Avengers Tower penthouse.  He’s already picturing what Steve would look like, stripped naked and waiting for him on his bed.
“He'll never be happy when he's got one foot out the door after you. He and Tony are never going to work if you're still out here. So whether he's happy with you or happy with Tony, first step is you need to come back.”
business for a time after Phil’s untimely demise, only to bring back the moniker once they all discovered that the reports of Phil’s death had been greatly exaggerated.
Steve backs away, letting the curtain fall closed.  Despite the beauty that surrounds and stretches out before him, he feels ill at ease, uncomfortable in his own skin.  He’ll stay here if that’s what’s required – it is probably best for the team, he has to admit – but all of this is just another thing he’s going to have to get used to.
“Yes, Tony, last night you made me President of Publicity, don’t you remember?” Tony doesn’t. That doesn’t sound right. Is that even a title?
He hadn’t counted on this house dredging up so many memories.  He’d actually hoped it might make his time in New York
Steve hitches Tony up like he weighs nothing and wordlessly urges him to wrap his legs securely around Steve’s slim waist.   He’s hard, and he knows Steve can feel it pressing insistently against his stomach, and the only reason Tony stops himself from reaching down and pulling down his zipper is that he doesn’t want to push too far too fast.  He wants this to end up with Steve naked in his bed, but they haven’t exactly paused to…discuss.
“Why won’t he see me?  Does it have something to do with his…” Steve stumbles over the right word for it. “Programming?”  That’s not right, Bucky’s not a machine, not a computer, but he can’t think of another way to say it.
“Tony…” Steve whispers back warningly, covering Tony’s searching hand with his own and stopping it from moving somewhere it shouldn’t.
“It probably seems weird to say, considering.” Bucky climbs up from where he’s been kneeling on the floor and sits beside Steve on the couch, their legs tangling together comfortably. They’re both a mess, but Steve can’t bring himself to care much. “But it really does make me happy to know that you’ve had someone who loves you like that, the way I should have all along.”
handsome, yet it’s more than that. He’ll never admit it aloud, but Coulson had been right about the man’s presence onscreen. It’s difficult not to instinctively follow his every move. He’s magnetic.
“You know what, Rogers,” Tony squeezes him slightly, not about to let him get away with that nonsense. They don’t lie to each other, not anymore. “I know you heard what he said out there.”
“Well, there has been interest in reviving the character for children’s audiences, at least in certain sectors. A lot of people seem to think the property would be ideal for a television program.”
“Oh geez.”  The knife slips, cutting into what’s supposed to be Iron Man’s chest plate.  He glances at Tony, expecting to find his boyfriend chuckling over his embarrassment, but Tony doesn’t look all that amused.  Tony gives Bucky a strange, almost guilty sideways look, but Bucky’s attention is carefully trained on the floor.  Steve can’t see his expression and for that he’s glad.  He doesn’t really want to know what Bucky thinks about him and Tony; it’s a conversation that could only be awkward and unproductive.
“You know, I have to fly to New York for a few days to wine and dine some investors,” Tony starts, not sure where he’s going with this until he’s already there. “I leave tomorrow night. You could...you could come with me?” Steve lifts his head from the pillow. “I have an old family place on Fifth along the park—it’s empty, not even staff to keep the place up, so it'll probably be a bit dusty by now,” He laughs lightly. “But no one would bother us.”
“You bet your ass I am.  Come over here.” Tony huffs, gestures even harder for him to move.  Steve relents and moves to where Tony stands in the middle of the room.  “Good.  You’re going to lead, so…” Tony arranges Steve’s hands, putting one around his waist and extending the other, clasping it with his own.
Tony spends the rest of the night taking Steve to pieces, not caring that he’s falling apart right alongside him.
“You can flatter me all you like, Stark, I’m not going to change my mind about the film. Like I told you first time we met – I’m no actor.”
He’s still loose and wet from their last round of it’s-so-late-it’s-morning sex, when Steve had worked him open and slid into him carefully as they spooned.  It had been slow and deep and lazy and perfect.  He wants Steve to take advantage of his body’s willingness.
The conversation appears to be over because Hill roughly passes Barnes off to a pair of other agents and he’s whisked off in the blink of an eye.  Fury turns to Hill, his finger out warningly.
“Maybe it’s a good thing you’re moving out of Williamsburg,” Clint interjects.  “You’re getting far,
The face of the Man said he very much doubted so, but he nodded anyways, which was the only thing that stopped Thor from punching the elderly master in the face with his own bony hand. “I will do as you say, my Queen”
They had not laid together since their return from their hunting trip; the Captain had not retreated from him entirely, but he would not initiate intimacy as he had done that night, the liquid courage of Asgardian ale flowing through his veins, and though Thor knew he did not regret their union, he could not help but feel that maybe something was amiss. Had he not enjoyed himself?
Odin smiled tightly at his son and turned to walk out of the room, followed closely by a silent Mother of Gods until only the Director remained with the pair.
Loki rolled his eyes skywards and waved a graceful hand in the air, a green fog rising from his fingertips and soon his crooning voice filled the room.
“Yeah, that was hard to miss. But you know what I’m saying…” The Soldier insisted, pursing his lips and staring firmly into the other’s emerald eyes “There’s something else.”
The archer proceeded to attach the tiny veil to the back of Thor’s head in small, intricate braids. His deft hands weaving his hair in an astonishing show of speed and skill.
” Thor said, fervent and overcome with feelings he could not say, only show “And well… as is my mother… because of you.”
“So how long do you plan to stay in New York?” The captain asked, his clear gaze soft and attentive as it searched Thor’s grinning features.
Heimdall observed the action figure of Captain America, the plastic likeliness brandishing his trademark shield and the mythical Mjolnir.  A recent model, it would appear.  Heimdall looked down at the small box, holding it gingerly and at an arm’s length. Clint grinned at the meditative God “It’s collectible”
He realized then it wasn’t a simple crush, he was in love with the Captain and he hadn’t even seen it coming.
“All good here” Steven called after him, giving the ropes tying their bags a few testing pulls before ambling to joining the chuckling God in the depths of the Royal Stables. The Captain rose a questioning brow as he found the God halting before a large stall where two small farm animals munched on dry grass unassumingly.
The drunk man blinked some more before bowing with surprising poise for the positively giddy God. “Forgive me, my prince. My mistake.” And the man promptly sucker punched Thor in the stomach
“I am ready Thor I..” Steven insisted, stepping closer to the mournful God. Cutting short as he met the sad gaze of the other man.
“My lord?” The soft voice of a young man calling to Steve cut into his mind like a knife. Steve turned to the teenager only to notice he held a giant box of graphite pencils open for him; his nervous eyes set on the astounded Soldier as he asked shyly “Are they to your liking, my Lord?”
“Oh, no.” Frigga lamented, her voice the appropriate amount of concern while her expression remained guarded, eyes straying to the forgotten teapot before catching herself.
“The trial will be this morning.” The Captain declared, gathering the bloody cloth and balms and putting them to the side as he took one of his sketching books from his nightstand and handed it to a curious Loki. “Since you still need those bandages I will talk for you. Here, you can write down anything you want me to say.”
It was by not a negligible amount of effort that Loki hid his relief at the sight of Frigga, lounging about in a large settee, a lovely cloud of rosy silks surrounded by her flock of twittering maidens. Her face no longer pale, her hair glowing in the early dawn’s light, and no gaping wound dripping her sacred blood in pools of scarlet.
“Goodnight Steve, Thor” Miss Potts answered, cutting whatever ill reply Stark had meant to give as she pulled her drunken husband to be out of the room and into the dark halls of the tower.
“Hello, General” Steve greeted, voice pleasant and beautiful eyes set back firmly on his creation, nibbling tantalizingly so on the bones of Idunn’s fruit.
“The senile fool” Loki mumbled in rage, his fingers twitching uselessly as he summoned his magic only to be reigned in to feeble sparks of Sedir. Steven twitched and Thor winced in sympathy as the echo of discomfort resonated through their bond.
“There is nothing to be embarrassed, Captain” The alien assured kindly “You are as ferocious in bed as you are in battle, it is a gift”
“We have 3 hours before the whole world knows about the Captain” Fury stated, voice firm and commanding though his one eyed gaze was as near to torn as Tony thought it would ever be. “So do try to keep your meltdown to the minimum, we’re on a tight schedule”
- husband to stay put. As he could feel in his soul, there where it was connected to the brave human, that he yearned to join the fight. To protect.
“I came to see you” He said, speaking plainly as he made himself comfortable on the small seats that decorated the Captains rooms. Thor shot the man a salacious grin “We will be married in a couple of days, shouldn’t we spend as much time as we can acquainting ourselves to one another?”
Steve climbed one and observed the chaos. He saw the Hulk go head to head with the invulnerable giants and smash at them with vicious glee, giving relief to the soldiers on foot, but only while they did not encounter the Asgardian forces, whose armor didn’t even dent under the force of the bullets that rained on them, and were cutting their way forward in slow, but unrelenting paces.
The dark guardian of the door cocked his head to the side and slowly, but very deliberately, tapped his sword to the ground, magicking another tenths of Soldiers onto the UN plaza, to the disparaging shouts of the human military surrounding them.
Thor nodded shortly, mind still a turmoil of conflicting emotion. Odin retracted his hand and stared out to their people making merry as if they had not been in threat of extinction barely an hour ago, faith in their rulers restored and ignited.  “In this occasion, I thought it best a demonstration of wills be had. Nothing like a good show to the right people to silence the crowds…”
Steve grinned at Natasha, completely unrepentant. “I have a few calls to make, I’d like to check in on Tony and Thor”
Thor swallowed thickly as the Captains eyes blinked open lazily, batting his full lashes to focus his eyes on the intruder of his afternoon nap.
And Steven; good, honorable Steven, had consoled him. No matter that he was the one in a strange land, giving up the one thing his country would never ask of him. Because they, even in their shrewdness, knew limits to evil.
His silence continues long enough that Steve has to realize that if anyone’s going to speak, it’ll have to be him.  Steve still waits, seemingly considering something, looking at Tony like he’s some kind of riddle he has to figure out.
Jesus Christ. What, did he send you a memo?” Tony snorts. He stands up, needing a bit of space between him and his traitorous best friend.
“Please stop trying to talk, Captain, it’ll do more harm than good.  I need you to listen to me – we don’t have much time and I know you can’t walk.  I need you to help me get you into this chair.  Right now.”  She pushes her shoulder underneath his arm and heaves upward, wrapping her arm around his midsection.  It hurts like hell.
“It’s okay, Steve. Deal with this one.” She jerks her head toward Tony as she leads a staggering Jan down the sidewalk toward the street, Jan waving good-bye over her shoulder. Tony glances after them, wondering if he should be taking offense at Natasha’s words, then turns back to Steve.
“We’re all good, Mr. Stark. I swear. Promise.” Peter assures him, but the pitch of his voice is so high it gives him away entirely.
that he paid for company and he shared the wealth.” Steve is at a loss for how to sidestep that one. Bucky exhales, long and slow. “This is where I'm gonna reiterate that Tony Stark's a horrible influence.
“Don’t I?” Tony counters. Steve’s eyebrows lift to his hairline but then drop as he frowns, like he realizes Tony is being serious.
He wants Bucky to recall looking over his shoulder in art class at Cooper Union, his visit made purposely to distract in that frivolous, beautiful way of his that disappeared forever a mere moment later when it was announced that the country was now at war.
“For…” Steve makes a weak gesture downward, and Tony’s unsure if Steve’s apologizing for coming in his mouth, or just apologizing for coming full stop. “It’s…it’s been kind of a long time for me.”
He and Tony don’t speak as they follow their waiter toward the double set of swinging doors at the back of the restaurant that lead to the bustling kitchen. The front of house manager meets them there, appearing as if from out of nowhere. He must have been on the other end of the waiter’s nod.
And he knows that’s what will happen.  He knows everyone will come back, that’s not the problem.  The problem is that he hadn’t wanted anyone to leave in the first place.
…” Tony sighs melodramatically.  He sits back on his heels, letting his hands linger as long as possible before reluctantly climbing off the couch.  His knees feel tight and achy when he stands.  He stretches a little, rolling his shoulders.  “I mean, we
Loki rolled his eyes skywards with a groan. “Of course you are that dense, I can’t begin to imagine the fate that awaits Asgard with you as their king”
“Why you lookin’ at me like that?” The Captain finally asked, his hand now cupping the God’s smiling face and thumb caressing absently at his high cheekbone.
Thor met the Captain’s eye as their parts approached, drawing comfort and joy from his partner as they each extended their souls to meet and meld together. Steven’s touch was still harsh and unpracticed, a punch to the gut more than a shaking of hands, but all the more precious to Thor for it. The golden God grinned to his friend, unable to remain unmoved and poised under such a surge of tender emotion.
“Oh, Dragons” Steven echoed, his tone faint as he too leaned on the window next to Thor “Right, because of course you have Dragons.” Thor smiled at the barely concealed dismay, he could imagine the Captains face, but what really thrilled him now was to perceive the man’s warmth through the thin layers of curtains and glass. Norn’s above Thor ached to rip the doors open. The Captain cut his steamy thoughts with another inquiry “But maybe tell me about the less mythical ones…”
That is one sin Gamora had not had the courage to disclose to the All Father; hence, her hurry to get her sister and friends off this planet. As fast and as inconspicuously as she can. She felt cold sweat bead her brow as emerald eyes followed her path to the cell holding Nebula. The blue cyborg sitting dishearten in the middle of the cell. Looking as small and defenseless as a child.
Steve’s body convulsed and heaved, his dinner climbing up his throat as he scrambled off the couch and ran to the bathroom. He barely made it there when his stomachs content upends it’s self out in a loud hurl.
Steve smiled a wobbly, fragile thing and set his military cap on with a snap. Every inch the soldier as he marched, back ram rod straight out of the room and out of Tony’s life.
Steven nodded and smiled openly for the Overseer, who if Thor did not know better, had a dazzled look on his face afterwards.  Thor shot the Captain a queer look.
“I lead them to you” Loki sneered, climbing to his feet in defiance. Unwilling to be on his knees for Odin’s judgment.
Steven shot him a look but merely smiled as he allowed himself to be dragged out and into the next door.
“But Jane, I have come to believe that Odin has given this vow as a blessing, you see? He knows you hold my heart and he is no longer the man who would sacrifice his children for Politics-“ Thor reached out his hand to call Mjolnir to his side “-He said: Thee who is Worthy of Thor, and who else if not you?” Jane struggled more determinedly to leave his arms as the Hammer appeared, eyes almost wild as she tried and failed to scoot away from Thor’s lap “You, my dearest Jane, you who already posses my heart, my soul, my every breath!”
Tony had the obligation to share it with the rest. Doctor Banner, still the Hulk, laughed uproariously and slammed his fist in the ground with delight.
“Does it matter?” The Dark God asked, breaking the frantic Captain from his anguish with the blank tone though his eyes shone startlingly soft “This day, the next, in a hundred years, they are heartbeats… You will never be ready.”
“Your King swore that no harm was to come to us from his people, you just blinded a man in the same room he said this”
Steve felt that swell of hope again, the one that had been smothered by that stolen kiss and that harsh goodbye.
Steve would have to find a way to stop his face turning to a tomato, but at least everyone was happy.
Steve gripped Mjolnir tighter in his fist, wishing for Thor to finally make an appearance as he soon feared he would need a little Godly help to stop the clash of Father and Son.
The booming laughter and cheer died a swift death as the Warriors eyes met uncertainly, then turning their questioning gazes to Thor, who sat still as a startled rabbit, letting the words wash over him and drown him, but Sif was not done.
“Oh, I know” Thor grinned, watching the shift, the sensuous clench and release of the taut muscles as the Captain advanced with animal like grace, all coiled strength and skill. The cushion on Thor’s lap jumped.
Finally, Steven turned to face the God. His face a stony mask of careful indifference. Thor felt a thrill of unease and his steps faltered as he approached his unsteady betrothed. Just as he was working to voice the words to inquire about the state of the Captains mind, Steven blinked out of his dark mood and smiled gamely at the God, taking his shield into his hands and crouching to a fighting stance.
Odin’s eye gleamed as he looked upon the man, measuring him, catching sight of Mjolnir hanging conspicuously at the Man’s hip and an odd shine of approval framed his gaze, then he turned his eye to the other Human, the Director deliberately nodded in acknowledgment, but stood tall.
A guard fainted behind Thor’s back and the God felt sorely tempted to follow suit, Loki and he meeting startled gazes as Steven worked his throat to swallow harshly, this morning’s event drawing to an entirely unexpected end and now standing uncertain before a humbled God.
At the end of it the Tavern had been decimated, many patrons staggering away form the crumbling building as the Hulk batted away the roof tiles from his head and cheered with the more conscious, if utterly drunk, warriors and prostitutes over his victory. The Avengers, the Warrior Three and lady Sif stumbled all the way to the palace in random fits of giggles and moans of pain.
After hours of bursts and fits of pleasure, kisses and sweat. Thor and Jane laid together, naked in the torn remains of Jane’s bedroom. Both satiated for the moment and basking in the afterglow. Thor allowed Jane to pass he fingertips wonderingly over his bare skin, unashamed in his naked flesh.
Steve grinned, like a switch being flipped, something shifted in the man’s posture as he straightened, all poise and determination. “Good point, need a minute?”
“Ronan doesn’t mean to just destroy Asgard” Gamora continued, voice clear and beseeching “he wants to humiliate them, he plans to take the sir-Captain America for himself…”
“I’ve killed him this time, I’m sure of it…” Thor wheezed, eyes wild and sorrowful as he shook his head frantically, soaked, golden locks falling onto his face as he curled into himself with a whimper “All this blood, it won’t come off…”
Sif shot him a haughty look but accepted the compliments quietly as she clasped hands with the Captain. “Captain Steven, it is truly a pleasure to meet you. Thor speaks of nothing else since your arrival”
Steve stayed in the middle of the Plaza until the last of the Asgardians and their dead disappeared in a rainbow beam, leaving just the mangled bodies of the Human soldiers as evidence of their visit. Steve’s throat worked hard to swallow for a moment, hanging his head down for a moment of silence.
Well that shut Thor up quite nicely. He blushed and coughed. “Aye, aye. Oh look, there is father!” Thor pointed to the side, guiding the Seer like one would a blind man “There, that direction”
The Avengers grinned at their leader and just for a moment, all was good and well in the universe. Until…
Thor sighed and turned to his silent husband, also keeping watch on the door though his eyes shone fierce with purpose. “Thank you, Steven… For caring for my wayward brother.”
“Just like that?” Gasped the man in disbelieve. As if Asgard had need of anything Midgard could offer. Heimdall nodded, nonetheless.
“Well, baby, these are the Avengers: Tall, blond and gorgeous is Steve Rogers or Captain America. Short, dark and lickable is Doctor Bruce Banner, sometimes Hulk.”
Thor pulled away from the Captain before he could feel uncomfortable under his attentions. Smirking fiercely as he held his arm out for the Soldier to pass. “After you, Captain”
“But it is” Thor insisted “I have left you alone with these burdens. I will not lie to you Steven, I have come to love the idea of being your husband.”
Everyone in the table but Steven had startled at his demand. The Captain merely nodding and pressing forward to the next issue in hand, no questions asked and no doubts over his qualifications to take the project. Unwavering trust, Thor was surprised to name it so, when was the last time someone had gifted him with such unshakable faith?
Quill snorted at the alien, sobering when he noticed Gamora eyeing the newlywedded pair with overwhelmed lust “His muscles are like corded steel”
“Hulk like plan” The Green Guy groused at the side, dragging around a broken piece of one of the Giant metal warriors he had smashed to little bits as he realized the fight had stopped.
With a final cough and roll of his shoulders, the Soldier pulled the God ever closer, impossibly so, as he skimmed his luscious lips to the heated shell of his husband’s ear and began to sing.
Master Bragi went eagerly and slammed the door behind his back in a very telling act of finality. Frigga frowned disapprovingly at the looming Director Fury.
The Captain frowned disapprovingly but joined him in the couch over only a second-long deliberation. A warning glance shot at the God before he relaxed into the furniture with a luxurious sigh.
The sun began to break in the horizon, and Thor found himself surprised at how quickly time had passed in the company of his Captain. For the first night since his rupture with Jane, the skies had not rained.
“I know that Thor can get a bit carried away sometimes, I can tell him to stop if it makes you uncomfortable.”
There was a quiet moment between them, where Jane clenched his hand so tight that he could almost feel the pressure, and then she relaxed, she let go.
Moments later, his wife joined him, sitting with a whisper of fine silks next to him under the shade of the trees.
Steven stared down at the unassuming, startling cheerful piece and his body began to shake, violent silent sobs wrecking his tall, perfect posture as the Soldier bent in half, only Thor’s steadying hands halting his descent to his knees. Thor swallowed down his inquiries, holding the trembling Soldier in his arms as the waves shook the indomitable man like a small child. Most heartbreaking of all: The Captain did not shed a tear, not a single sound left his gaping wide lips as sorrow rode its terrible path through the man’s soul.
This wasn’t how it was supposed to be like, for Tony to call Steve ‘mine’, he hadn’t meant for literal legal ownership. For fucks sake it even had a receipt sighed by Ronald Fucking Reagan.
One after the other, they all failed to lift the mythical hammer. One after the other, began to cry foul-play. Day after day, armies of scientist and religious men marched into the halls of the United Nations and failed to explain the reason behind the immovable artifact. One by one subtly trying their hand to make the hammer to even budge an inch. Rituals and experiments where performed. All failed.
Thor barked an involuntary laughter at the innocent inquiry and rubbed his forehead to Steven’s in infatuated nuzzles. “No, those are sacred forebears of the Norn’s will, do try not to kill those by the way…” Steven smiled quirkily at that but listened on quietly “No, here, I will show you.” Thor separated reluctantly from the warmth of the man and invoked Mjolnir to his side as he extended his other hand to the Captain “Lend me your hand.”
And he turned to leave the rooms with a mighty stride. Odin watched his son go with a blank, steady gaze, but as soon as the grand doors of his private chambers closed shut behind his son’s back, the mask faded, his lips trembled. Frigga appeared from her hiding, having waited patiently by the balcony doors, and knelt by her husband’s side, watching as the man’s clear blue orb filled with stubborn tears.
Steven barked a dazzled laugh “Ha, that’s gonna take some getting used to.” Thor grinned winningly at the now bashful Soldier, eyeing him longingly as the man pondered something or other with a serious expression “There is one thing I’ve been saving up for this moment… Seems about the right time…  The right man.”
Clint climbed out of the open vent with an acrobat’s grace, dressed in full combat gear, bow at the ready and saucy grin on his face. “What else? I’m here to bust you out”
Thor’s own lips twitched, trembling slightly with the urge to join the Soldier’s mirth, so contagious that all worries and dark thoughts left the God as he prowled forth, a sultry saunter to the quaking Captain, leaning now by the bed pillars, gripping the diaphanous material of the privacy curtains to stay on his feet.
Odin squinted at the fine detail in the golden ring with a matching grin to Thor’s own “Hold it up higher, let us see it in better light…”
If that was better of worse, Thor could only guess. He watched as the Captain parted ways with the couple to greet the other guests, followed by a yearning glance, not hidden quickly enough from Potts sharp, clever eyes.
Steve gathered the cloth in his arms and fell back onto the couch seats in his room, suddenly boneless and very, very tired.
Steve’s face felt as if it had caught ablaze, only now realizing how naïve of them to think they could be quiet enough not to wake the other bedmate when they were doing…
“I’ll give you a deeper something…” Steven glared and muttered as he once again limped his way across the room, earning a sultry grin from the God.
Because I took a lot of breaks from my report writing and I was scared this part was going to flee my head if I didn't write it down, here is another chapter. My impulse control is null. It is a heavier chapter but it needed to be done. Interesting fact, Chris Evans can actually sing! He used to sing his little brother to sleep, how cute is that?!
“You were doing what you could to set things right” The Captain finally spoke, meeting the eyes of the Guardians with a steady, bright gaze “Even at the expense of your own lives. More than an apology, we owe you a debt... You’ve saved us all today.”
“You were saying?” The blond God quipped, unable to resist the rare chance to slight the other’s intelligence and earning a twin warning glance from his companions that erased all his cheekiness. It would be his luck if his lovely husband was infected by Loki’s bitterness. Thor exhaled a long breath. “I will check on Mother”
He heard the jet’s guns fire after the squadron that followed Steve exited the squabble and cut short all the Asgardians that pursued. Steve made a sign to Natasha and waited as she expertly landed the jet in the small space before the chambers.
Ronan was once again unprepared for the true strength of the Captain and stumbled back with a yelp as his nose gushed dark blood like a fountain.
“If things turn south in there” Fury announced, dipping a hand to his dark leather coat “And I don’t make it out of that room, I want you to send the signal.”
It tickled, Thor realized, and meeting the Captain’s gleaming eyes, he too found it hard to contain the giggles as the Sedir worked together.
He remembered the abstract, captivated look on his mother’s face as she did this. How she would instruct him to the perfect posture, head down abstemiously, and the soft lull of her voice calling to Heaven.
Then he clenched his eyes closed with a pained hiss and promptly fell to his knees before his Queen, his mother.
Thor felt his face burn in rage as yet another ignorant human made light of the All Fathers vow. His fingers tapped impatiently on Mjolnir’s handle as he barely suppressed the urge to smite the Earthling on the spot.
After a long while, they exited the war room and Steve stopped Fury with a hand on his shoulder. His throat worked around a knot of emotion, hope and so much gratitude it took him embarrassingly long to speak. “Thank you”
Thor’s face met the mat in a heated smush and the sight he caught with the corner of his eye gave him both a thrill of arousal and a sinking dread.
After some shameless cajoling and pleading. Odin had admitted that the mortal Captain had bested Heimdall in combat and he had won a day of peace on Midgard.
“I know this” The Captain confirmed “Because I know that if it had been the other way around, I would have called you”
“That’s what Colonel Nick Fury is here for and however much we appreciate your generosity, this is a bit above your payrate.”
Steve fought the blush that burned his cheeks as he picked a small potato with his fork “Thanks a lot Tony”
The teams turned to see the missing Guardian of the Door, dragging about another blue skinned humanoid, hissing and spitting in the Dark God’s hold. Gamora froze at the sight.
Thor crossed the Royal chamber halls in meditative silence, descending in an almost dreamlike state to the lowest level in the dungeons to a particular holding cell. There, behind hundreds of intricate spells and runes, laid his brother. Loki’s face was smoothened in sleep, near innocent in appearance if not for the little twitch that would curve his fine lips into a croaked smile or snarl, reminding Thor that Loki, God of Lies and Mischief, was at his most dangerous when he appeared to be most harmless. Thor could attest to this by the many stab wounds he sustained as they grew up together.
Thor bristled at the shameless flirting, there in his very presence! But Steven smiled his bright, earnest smile, awash with the holy light of Asgards suns and Thor forgot all about the traitor in the gardens.
” The Director eyed his white knuckles lazily. “this whole courting bullshit has got people talking, and talk is dangerous.” The mortal leaned forward as Thor’s expression turned to a confused muse “You know Asgards court is not made by Asgardians…Hell most of your court is foreign nobles” Thor nodded at this, cogs turning in his head as he fought to make the connection of Asgardian Court and his impending nuptials to the Soldier; the Director arched a pointed eyebrow. “or simply said: Spies.”
Thor was distracted by the green tint of Banners eyes when the Captain proceeded to grasp a handful of his golden hair and pulled Thor to his feet in a vicious tug.
The blond man looked nothing like Thor recalled him, dressed in Midgardian fashion instead of his emblematic uniform. He looked fresh, renewed, with a newfound softness to his expressions only quiet contentment could bring to a man’s face.
“Thor!” Frigga interrupted with a high cry, face frozen in a stiff smile as she hurried to her son’s side and began to pull at his large arms “Your father awaits you. I will care for the Captain now.”
“Oh look, nurse Volstagg is here” Thor cried happily, rising and pulling Steven out with him with a wide smile to his large friend. “He has a far better bedside manner, I assure you”
Even so, perhaps some of Odin’s descendants, or even Bor’s still roamed earth, however improbable this seemed.
I finished this chapter faster than I thought, I was giggling the whole way through, forgive the all the humor, but I kept picturing the shenanigans and I couldn't stop it. Next chapter, Steve's run has consequences, not entirely unpleasant if you ask Thor...
“Thanks, Clint” Steve shot, his brow furrowed deeper and shooting a look at his waiting opponent “Just a second, Mister”
Steven nodded eagerly as he inspected everything in reach with a grin so wide Thor could not help but mirror in his own face. Then the Captain wandered out to the kitchenette, eyes caught by a large binder resting smack center in the marbled counter. Thor cleared his throat as he rose from his seat, just as the Captain opened the binder to the first page.
The large gates to the hall were slammed shut by an invisible force, the high arches of the windows covered by glimmering runes as the hall they stood in was effectively sealed around the astonished team.
The Captain followed the God’s finger down to his feet, where a small, coarse square of fuzzy mat in greens and blues shouted 'Welcome' to all who entered.
Steven sighed, hands clenching on the God’s shoulders with urgency as he murmured agitatedly “Thor… Loki is-“
Thor swallowed whatever reply he had in mind; eyes sad that only encouraged Loki’s wrath as he surged forward with a snarl. Fist connecting with the shear wall in a blinding battle of power, resulting in Loki being thrown back, body colliding on the furthest wall of his cell with a resounding thud that shook Thor to his very core.
The Man of Iron passed the large basket of steaming breads with a truly jubilant grin, dying quickly as the Captain extended his hand to the pile and caught sight of the blaringly obvious addition.
Quill scrambled forward. “Wait, we can help you stop Ronan! We know his plans, his forces, if you kill us you won’t ever see him coming.”
“Thank you, Mother” Thor responded, huffing under the shared weight of the animal as he and Steven dragged the fleshy thing into Asgards great halls with a winning grin “I’ve groomed my beard just this morning.”
“I will never let you go, my love.” The God vowed, cuddling the shivering, sleepy man to his chest “Now lay back, you will not be alone.”
The crowd did surge then, the guards drew their weapons, crossing spears and blocking the violent court from reaching the princes. Thor rose Mjolnir with a fierce snarl and lightning sung from afar. To Loki’s side, the Captain gripped his shield higher though his eyes did not follow the spiting Asgardians as he, but were resting on the King instead, unwavering and unapologetic as he stood at the ready to cross weapons with the mightiest God of them all.
Let me know what you think of this, the next chapter should be up friday night or saturday morning the latest.
Thor felt his heart sink in his chest, his breath ripped from him as the Captain held his eyes and pointedly bit into the sacred fruit, chewing and swallowing in silence. A statement made. The God stood still as Steven came closer, eyes unblinking and severe, taking Thor’s limp hand’s an placing the bitten apple in his waiting palms.
Thor lathered his chest and belly in kisses and nips, his hands kneading the hard body appreciatively. A God worshiping a Man.
“Yes well, don’t enjoy them too much, I would like to have a brisk step still when my grandchild arrives.”
Steve in a catholic schoolboy uniform, Thor approves. The Captain meets the Warrior Three and Lady Sif, lessons ensue.
Thor arched a brow at the elder man, causing him to flush impossibly harder as he scrambled to correct himself “No! I mean….
“Steven-“ Thor called after the man as he exited their wedded rooms with a pointed click of the door. The God gave a hearty, utterly smitten sigh as he pulled Steven’s pillow tight against his bare chest, smiling to the closed door as he whispered “…I love you.”
That evening Thor sat next to his mother on the grand tables of Asgards Dining halls, after the announcement of Thor and Steven’s engagement to the people, loud and deafening cheers bursting from the common folk and nobles alike.
Tony pressed his mouth eagerly to her pink folds, his tongue dipping and curling around, his teeth nibbling on her pert little nub with the desperation of a drowning man. Pepper cried out, legs kicking in the air as she took Tony’s mouth and tongue.
“And he possesses the power stone.” Heimdall continued, sword still and deadly on the warrior’s throat.
Thanks so much to everyone who has reviewed, this chapter is to you guys and all your wonderful words! you really make all this worth the effort! Kudos!
Steve barked a laugh and clapped a hand on the Doctor’s shoulder “No need for that.” He assured his friends, taking his shield and holding it up high so they could see the three little pictures stuck to the inside of the Vibranium artifact. He smiled brightly at the frozen faces on the little squares “I’ve got my angels right here…” He then turned to place the shield on his back with the same peaceful smile on his smooth face for his silently awed friends.
“What are you doing here?” The Captain asked in a low voice, sending small, halted looks to the door connecting his rooms to the Directors. Thor lowered his own voice accordingly.
Steven gave him then the most evil grin he had witnessed in any face other than Loki’s “Yeah, nice wasn’t it?”
The children frowned but obediently sat and began to eat their breakfast with surly expressions on their faces, so much like adult Clint; Steve found himself hard pressed to restrain his laughter, his eye catching Natasha’s knowing gaze on the other side of the table. He barely hid his smile behind his cup of coffee.
“Ah! there is the problem” Thor cried excitedly, waving a finger in the air as he approached the surly Captain and maneuvered him to stiff pose “it’s not pronounced enough! think of it as a
“Oh, wouldn’t that be nice” Stark bit out “Well, we are going to bed now, lot more celebrating to be done” He winked at his betrothed who grew pink at his attentions “We’ll leave you two to it. Don’t do anything I wouldn’t do” He paused as if in consideration, his playful tone not concealing the seriousness beneath the sentence “or do, actually”
“I think it still needs some working” Steven corrected, eyeing his work with a contemplative expression. “It’s good that he agreed to this, he’s the only man who can stand still for hours on end and not bat an eye”
Frigga nodded in awe. “The greatest one I have beheld since your father last hunted in the edges of Asgards Mountain side.”
Thor released a sigh of relieve, Steven had already suffered enough unpleasantness to be burdened with Thor’s blunders. Master Bragi eyed him seriously as he continued in a low voice “But Odin knows, and he approves; he will do nothing. Frigga knows and she does not approve; and she as well, will do nothing.”
Thor felt his breath knocked out of his body, not unlike the time the Hulk had taken his heavy fists to his chest. “Jane, my love, you don’t understand”
“Say yes” Thor whispered onto his Captain’s lips, halting his gyrating hips as he shared his harsh breaths with his love; eyes meeting in a daze of lust and affection. Steven gazed down at the God, swallowing thickly as he searched his husband’s eyes for a long, unbearable moment, before nodding and smiling.
The night was pleasantly growing late when Volstagg decided to open some of the barrels of ale. After emptying about three of them just the four, Frandal snoring away in his tent; it was no surprise that they found themselves in this situation.
This chapter broke my heart, I wrote it while listening to Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds-Into my Arms.
“My only concern rests in his age” Frigga continued with a worried voice “He is very old you see, millennia of wisdom lay in his mind… he may very well never take another student, after Steven.”
After the whole debacle was done and he returned to the shore with a pouting Thor in toe, Steve tried to be as calm and nonchalant as he could and pretend that the God’s words had not just fried his brain with the possibilities.
“Language” Steven barked, with the immediate response of the Widow, to shout: “Punch him in the Dick!”
Though his heart rejoiced to see his father in such a vibrant mood, he could not forget the personal expense this brought. He was to marry a human for his father’s entertainment. Or as Stark had so delicately worded: for Shits and Giggles.
“Steven, come join us.” Thor laid a possessive hand to his betrothed’s shoulder as he guided him to the Warrior Three and Lady Sif, standing quietly at the side and eyes filled with excitement.
Frigga pretended she didn’t find it hilarious. Someone had to upkeep the seriousness in the palace, or they would all devolve into mad fools. And technically, it was her fault in the first place.
But inches away from the ground, a golden staff halted the stroke, as easy as one finger stops a page from turning with the soft breeze. Ronan choked as he came face to face with the All Father himself. Aged as he was, the elder warrior slapped the Kree Lord across the face and ripped the hammer from Ronan’s hands, like one handles an unruly child.
Steve, on the other hand…well, okay, he knows exactly where Steve’s coming from, down to the day and the year and the approximate time, and he still has no clue what the hell to do with the guy.
“Dammit, Steve, it’s Pepper.” A tear escapes, slipping down her cheek even as she laughs.  She quickly brushes it away.  It’s Steve who steps forward, concerned.  He takes her elbows, pulling her into a half embrace and earnestly meeting her gaze.
on his tablet.  It’s probably the most exciting thing ever to happen at Mount Rushmore – though he’s not sure if he means Hitchcock’s imaginary tale of intrigue or the fact that he and Steve sit together, legs touching, for over two hours and watch a movie.
He stops speaking as he looks up at Bucky, who has both his hands shoved in his pockets like he doesn’t know what else to do with them. He looks both nervous and hopeful, but not at all upset. Maybe he had been at some point, but he’s not now.
For whatever reason, Tony has stubbornly set his mind to Steve in a starring role in whatever this picture is that he’s got lined up. Steve can’t say he entirely understands that, but he does understand that someone rich and powerful like Tony is probably used to getting what he wants.
Someone less stubborn and more selfish should be the leader because he’s not sure he can handle it if Steve decides to throw himself on another grenade or crash another plane.  Goddamn idiot doesn’t even have a comm link.  He’s cut off from Tony completely.
“Well, Chatty Cathy, that’s the longest I’ve ever heard you speak voluntarily.  Cap, you really bring out
Oh shit.”  Natasha nods.  “He remembers Steve?”  Natasha nods again.  “I…suppose this changes things?”
“Oh, crap, he’s going King Kong,” Clint announces as the Hulk smashes the glass and starts climbing outside, heading toward the top of the tower.
Tony rubs his face, wondering how long he’d been lost in his thoughts. The run time on those Captain America flicks was only about fifteen minutes, if he recalls. Couldn’t have been too much time inside his own head.
“Eh, shut up, punk.  I had a relatively decent yoga session this morning, I was feeling up to the challenge of living within these arbitrary, imposed, societal constraints.”
“Someday you’ll make some girl truly happy, Steve.” Natasha reaches up and ruffles his hair, not at all put off by his sweaty state. She smacks the morning paper against his chest, leaving him to take it off her hands. “I just hope she’s far more forward than even
“I think he liked me better small.” Steve murmurs with a weak smile.  He reaches down and stills Tony’s hands and Tony curses himself for bringing this up.  His self-sabotage skills are magnificent, truly.  He closes his eyes and braces for Steve to sit up, shove him off his lap.  “I think he liked me better weak.”
Considering he got to Europe just in time to personally pull Bucky from a POW camp, he’s thankful that his miserable excuse for a Hollywood career paved the way. But it doesn’t change the fact that he once marched around on stage firing dummy guns and throwing fake punches at Hitler impersonators, all while wearing tights. Nor does it stop Bucky from mocking him mercilessly for it.
The man leaves his conversation with another patron at the end of the bar and heads his way, slinging a white towel over his shoulder. He grabs Steve’s empty glass and stares at him with his one good eye, considering.
“You clearly take after your mother.”  Tony comments once he has his breath back entirely, laughing lightly.  Steve squeezes his shoulder and lets go, pulling back.  Tony begrudges the loss.
“We’ll talk,” Tony repeats.  He looks back at the holo, waiting until her footsteps recede and the door closes before brushing the tears from his eyes and getting back to work.
On screen, Wanda stands in Steve’s office, alone. She eyes a stack of money, temptingly sticking halfway out of its envelope on Steve’s desk. With a guilty glance off screen, Wanda slides the envelope deftly into her large, leather purse and then slips out of the office into the hall. She darts down the stairs and out to the busy street where a black car is waiting.
“Hmm?” He’s only giving her half his attention, if that, and he knows it’s probably going to come back and bite him in the ass soon.
“Glad to see you’re making new friends.” Fury says and even though he and Sharon Carter have only made it through two faltering, somewhat painful conversations about his relationship with her Great Aunt Peggy, Steve doesn’t bother to contradict him.
Funnily enough, he does, screen door slapping closed behind him. A cigarette hangs from his lips, almost falling from his mouth in surprise when he takes in the sight in front of him.
“Tony…” Pepper sighs, as if there’s something he still doesn’t understand.  “You didn’t fall in love with him.”
Steve could almost believe that. Most of the people who frequent The Shield are none the wiser that the black man behind the bar is actually its owner; the proprietorship is under the name of his old war buddy Alexander Pierce, who is as blond-haired, blue-eyed as they come. Pierce makes an appearance every now again to glad-hand the customers, but it's just for show. Fury knows how to make this life work, knows which angles to take, what rules to break. Steve considers Nick a friend, but he wouldn't be surprised to find out that he has far more secrets up his sleeve than his real stake in the bar.
“No time.”  He heads toward the garage.  “I can get there faster on my own.  I have a MARK VI here, it’ll have to do.”
Steve tilts his hips up just a little, and squeezes around Bucky’s length experimentally. He’s in so deep, and he feels so good. The sensation is more intense than he was prepared for, and he swears he can feel the throb of Bucky’s heartbeat echoing throughout his entire body.
“I was twenty when they sent me on my first mission alongside him.  At the time it was the biggest day of my life, being sent out with the Winter Soldier.  He was the best of the best.”
, however, is pure twenty-first century Steve, the Steve who sleeps in Stark’s bed every night and has picked up a few of the man’s less appealing tics and habits.
Pepper gestures toward where Tony had been sitting earlier, but when the crowd parts, Steve finds that Tony’s no longer in his line of sight.
Bucky glances at Tony, and it's immediately obvious that he didn't come out here for a breath of fresh air.
“Jan, how about I walk you home?” He offers, and she presses herself up alongside him, resting her head against his shoulder even as she protests.
“I should leave so you can sleep.”  Natasha says after awhile and he realizes his eyes have been drifting closed.  He also realizes that it’s more like Natasha to let him fall asleep and leave quietly on her own.  She wouldn’t wake him up just to tell him to go back to sleep.
Sitting on a narrow cot, leaning his head back against the cinder block wall.  He looks so much the same.  Slightly older.  His hair’s longer.  He’s tired, or maybe bored.  His face is painfully blank.
Steve isn’t in the hall; he’s not in the kitchen, not the living room. Panic surges as Tony realizes Steve may have already bolted from the house entirely. He’s young and fit and it’s not as if he’s taking a leisurely stroll, stopping to appraise Tony’s collection of artwork or comment on the expensive furnishings or impressive architecture.
“Excuse me, Chase, have you seen Mr. Stark?” Steve stops him, regretting it immediately when he sees the kid’s panic-stricken, exhausted face.
“They’re in the workshop,” Tony tells Natasha, as if she hadn’t heard JARVIS announce the same thing.
So here he is, three hours later, sitting alone on a wraparound couch suited for twelve people, in a living room big enough for three times as many.  He keeps trying not to cry, biting back the tears he’s been fighting for months now.  Occasionally one escapes down his cheek and he’s quick to brush it away.
“I know we both have to be at the premiere, but after that I think we shouldn’t… I know it’s a small town and in all likelihood we might run into each other, but as much as possible…” Steve looks at him and the pain that Tony sees there will stay with him until his dying day. “I don’t want to see you again.”
Steve rises and walks to the bank of windows that comprise one corner of the room.  His reflection is clear in the glass; he wipes at his face again, not liking what he sees, and then steps closer to get past the glare and look outside.
“No you didn’t,” Steve quickly replies, not for one second letting Tony get away with such a baldfaced lie.  He can’t be polite if Tony is going to blatantly treat him like a fool. “That was not a gift.  It was a statement.”
Steve doesn’t answer. He’s left breathless by the time Tony pulls back and starts moving his mouth down Steve’s body.
Sam winks at him, ending his current number with a flourish of keys and transitioning seamlessly into The Inkspots’ “You’re Breaking My Heart.”
, if only he would," Steve sighs but something in him relaxes slightly, like he's relieved to be finally telling Tony the whole truth. "I was happy as friends, but it was always there. At the edges. It would’ve taken almost nothing to tip me over into it. ”
"What about Agent 13?  Carter?  What's her first name, Sharon?  She's a looker, and she's more than ready to wave your American flag if you know what I mean."
The file is slid slowly across the table, already opened to the first page.  The man who has handed it to him – Pierce, the name echoes from the recesses of his mind – has a vaguely smug, self-satisfied little grin playing at his thin lips.  It is as if he finds this particular assignment amusing or notably interesting.  But there is a flicker of something else behind his sharp gaze; it reads as hesitance or reluctance, perhaps even fear.
“Steven…” Her voice slips easily from its low, throaty affect back into the unspecific accent of her Romani upbringing. “How do you stay so calm? Me, I am at my wit’s end.”
“Work.  You know, always work.”  Tony pulls his phone out of his pocket, dismissing a carefully cordial text from Pepper about a board meeting tomorrow at one.  Considering it’s only down on floor thirty-seven he’s going to have to come up with something really creative to get himself out of it.
It’s like there’s cotton in his ears, but he can still hear someone speaking to him quietly.  Snatches of things get through.  Coney Island gets through.  That’s when he realizes it can’t be Tony, because he and Tony have never been to Coney Island.  Only he and Bucky…
“Our standards have always been a bit different in that respect, Tony,” Pepper taunts, but then winks at Steve.  “Though yours are improving.”
.  Besides.  Tony hasn’t stopped talking about you all week.  As much as I like you, Steve, he’s going to drive me crazy.”
“All the more reason to be done with it.” Tony stands up, ending the argument by removing himself from the room. No one follows him out.
Tony Stark, the king of misanthropic adventures, weekend benders, and thoughtless disappearing acts had been:  One, more anxious than anyone else about Steve.  Two, so driven in his attempts to track Steve down that he never stopped to think why.  And three, so rushed to find him that he has no plan for what to do when met with success.
, of all people – and they do a long series of silly stupid finger snap flick kind of gestures before ending with a fist bump explosion.  Steve chuckles over it like it’s the best thing he’s ever done and Bucky mouths something like
“So you’ve just always had it out for winter then.  What’d it ever do to you?”  Tony asks accusingly, but jokingly.  Steve gives him the most basic explanation he can.
“I like Tony fine,” Steve protests to two faces that clearly don’t believe him.   “My first impression wasn’t so wonderful but first impressions are often wrong.  Things are different now.” Natasha opens her mouth to contradict but Steve doesn’t let her.  “However, I clearly make him uncomfortable.  Don’t see the point of making a bad situation worse by becoming a constant presence in the man’s own home.  Hardly seems fair.”
“I told him I was in set design; he mentioned possibly having some work for me.” It’s not exactly a lie; Tony might instead be interested in him as an actor, but he
“Picasso’s a famous artist,” Sam chips in before Thor can ask.  Thor nods, stroking his beard as he mulls over this new information.
Steve seems set off-kilter by that, like he can’t imagine Tony saying anything good to Pepper about him.
“Why ever would you think I’m looking for anything else, then?” Steve is truly perplexed. Tony is taking another drink so instead of speaking, he shrugs his shoulders a little like the whole argument is of no matter.
He grins and beckons Steve to follow him out of the elevator. The hallways of the hotel are narrow and winding, full of nooks and dark corners to get up to all kinds of questionable business. Tony’s suite is only around the corner, stretched along the side of the establishment facing the courtyard, with one neighbor across the hall, one above, and one below.
Steve Rogers – how he smiles, how he talks, how his body feels under his hands – it’s too much pressure for his already strained subconscious to withstand.   He cracks a little more every time he sees Steve wake in the morning, hair mussed and his voice deliciously rough and so New York, separated from him by the mere few feet from one hotel bed to the other.  Fissures expand whenever he thinks about Steve coming out of that bathroom in only that towel or emerging dripping wet from the pond in Aspen; crevasses deepen when he recalls Steve pulling to the side of the road to help some stranger with a flat tire, or wasting precious daylight letting some old lady talk his ear off at the convenience store.
He shadows Steven Rogers through the city streets. While he begins by studying the way Rogers carries himself to detect any possible signs of injury, after four blocks his gaze is dropping from those broad shoulders down to the flexing muscles of the man’s ass as he moves.
“What Clint said.” Natasha states simply, her arms crossed over her chest.  “I could play you, Steve, persuade you, even trick you into thinking it’s your idea, but I don’t like playing my friends.  Do you know any good burger joints nearby?  I want a burger.”
“Christ, Buck,” Steve sighs, despite knowing it's in his best interest to keep quiet and let this all blow over. “I’m an adult. I don’t need a lecture.” Steve closes his eyes, wishing the words back into his mouth. He turns to face Bucky and meets his unimpressed glare.
“No, Steve, just forget about the role.” Tony faces him completely, reaching out and setting a hand on his forearm. Steve doesn’t draw back, but he does look down to where Tony curls his fingers over his wrist. Tony’s unsure if it’s because he wants Tony to move his hand or leave it there.
Steve freezes, sharply pulls back.  To his credit, he doesn’t drop Tony on his ass, keeping him up against the wall as they both turn their heads toward the noise.
There’s a sharp jab in his arm and he turns to fight the person off, but it’s no use.  There’s nothing after that.
“I once knew a diminutive Italian assassin codenamed Armani, so I would have to disagree with you on that point,” Phil replies with a completely straight face.  Steve has
“Go back to work,” Pepper near whispers, then spins on her heel and pushes the button to open the lab door.  “I’ll be upstairs if you need me.”
“Here.”  Bruce pulls a small Swiss Army knife from his pocket, coming to Steve’s rescue.  He could’ve tossed it to Tony but instead hands his plate of lasagna to Betty and gets up, walking to Tony’s side.  He places the tool set against Tony’s palm, holding Tony’s grasp for too long a moment.  “I hope you know what you’re doing, Tony.”
“You should tell me about Brooklyn,” Tony says again. He doesn’t address Steve’s question aloud, instead sitting up in his chair and reclaiming his glass of wine. The reflection of candlelight dances in his brown eyes. “I grew up in Manhattan, so you’re basically from a foreign country as far as I’m concerned.”
“You’re Tony Stark.”  Barnes says, not really a question.  There’s a glimmer of recognition there, along with so much sadness that it’s actually quite staggering.  It cuts sharply through Tony’s own anger and grief.  “I wish you would’ve kept him away just awhile longer.”
“Course I can, but Captain America, card sharp, that’s something else.  Who’d suspect you?  We can get a little
“Tony, there you are.  Good morning,” Pepper walks into the kitchen, the quick, efficient click of her high heels and the brightness of her smile instantly sending a tidal wave of relief through Tony’s entire body.
“Good. Darcy might turn green with envy,” she stage whispers, and then pushes his arm gently with one hand. “Hey – does this mean I’ve known you longer than anyone else here besides Bucky?”
A biting retort is on the tip of his tongue but it dies when he sees the disdainful, angry look on Bucky’s face.  He’s livid, barely holding back tears.  It must be horrible to love someone so much that you hurt when they hurt.
Neither Clint nor Natasha move to help him; Tony assumes they both know better. Hill scavenges up a working radio from the wreckage and starts asking after survivors.  She gets no response.
“He really has captured my magnificent essence,” Tony states, grandiose and lovably arrogant.  Tony sets a hand on his arm, casually but clearly possessive, and just as Steve thinks that the tension may escalate, Tony lets go and steps back.  Trying to keep things on an even keel, Steve doesn’t comment on his design or Tony’s thoughts about it.  Instead he picks up the small knife and sets back to the finishing touches on Iron Man’s face, not saying a word.
He now knew the value of love, and Thor was sure he would not begrudge him his heart’s desire. For who could be more worthy than she who already owned his heart?
The man had lifted the fucking hammer, Steve had gone up there and lifted a celestial artifact like it was no one’s business. And wasn’t that a daunting thought, to be face to face and aching for a man so good, so out of his fucking league he was worthy of a God.
Steve set his hands on his hips, ducking his head for a second to regain his composure, it would not do to laugh after a prisoner escape and attack on the Royal family. No matter how ridiculous the thought of Thor taking a nap happily in a ditch somewhere while they all fought for their lives was. Steve nodded to himself and turned to call the guard outside his chambers to go search for his wayward husband with as straight a face as he could manage.
Thor blinked owlishly as he watched the carriage role on further, then screeched an embarrassingly high yelp when he felt the cold kiss of a blade tap his behind. He turned to his attacker and found a swollen, glaring Heimdall: “I heard you”
“This finger” Steven guided his husband who swiftly placed the band on the designated digit, as if doing so would avoid anyone encroaching on the lovely man, as if would tie the Soldiers heart to Thor like their souls had been, irrevocably, forever one to the other. Steven smiled gently for the harried God “yeah. I know Thor.”
Just as Thor and a couple of Soldiers were losing grip on their tempers, Odin clapped his fist on the wooden stand, a visible wave of power traveling the room the only clue that the All Father’s temper had been picked, his face an otherwise emotionless mask as the humans gave pause in wonder and fear. A tingling sensation of pure energy waved a path through them leaving them frozen as if they had just realized they were dealing with a God.
“Bite him, Thor!” Bruce roared, far more involved than he had intended to be, his voice echoing the thick undertone of the Hulk, for once in sync with his calmer, milder persona.
“It will take place in 2 weeks’ time” The All Father sentenced, rising from his throne to approach his son and future son in law. “The preparations are underway as we speak, you will be expected to do your part in these as was agreed, other than that… I can only congratulate you”
“Aye, I was wrong in waging with my son in such a way, I have brought him hurt and despair like I have never wanted him to know in his life”
Ronan stood before the wreckage of his ship and armies, after being bombed by explosives of a grade never beheld by the Accuser, his whole forces decimated in but a flash of fire and smoke. The Accuser seethed hatefully as he watched the remains of his ship sink in Asgards sea and dragged away to the edge of the planet like a pile of rubble.
Her son squirmed some more, his inner battle with childhood trauma and his duty to his… husband, wagging for a long moment. Eventually he pursed his lip and squared his wide shoulders. “I shall stay with him. I have given him my word”
“Thank you, Starlord.” Steven said, grateful and sincere, sidestepping quickly out from the tree’s reach as it produced yet another sac and thrust it forth.
Thor pleaded through the bond, tickles all but forgotten as his mother and sibling worked unperturbed in their knitting.
“Look, Steve, I can help you get out of this” Wheels and cogs already turning in his head as to how to make a bureaucratic shitstorm big enough to deter a God “these idiots can’t actually force you to go through with it.”
As he had expected, Odin had been furious. Only the intervention of his mother, sweat voiced and soothing, had avoided his renouncing Thor as his first born and heir in place to name him a stable boy for the rest of time. Frigga had pleaded his case with eloquence and spun reason with a finesse that sounded sweeter than sonnets to Thor’s ears. And Odin, in all his wisdom, had relented.
“I know that” Lila answered irritated, embarrassed to be treated as a child though she herself couldn’t be over 8 years old.
“What are you doing?” The Accuser demanded, patience running thin while the Starlord attempted to string along his other battered and bloody companions into the strange affair.
“You did” Loki agreed with a mockingly sweet smile. Steve observed the God for a long moment, face drawn tight and long fingered hands clasped together, twitching minutely.
“I understand this” Thor agreed, eyeing the defensive Soldier with a wary gaze of his own “I understand and I support your need for privacy, but Steven” Thor set a gentle, tentative hand on the Captains knee “You could have been killed today”
The God bit the Soldier’s lips one last time before pulling back and taking hold of his long neglected erection, giving it hard, near violent pulls; the glide of his fist smooth with the abundant leak of precum and filling the dark room with obscene, squelching noises as he serviced himself under the abject gaze of his husband, who followed the harsh fucking of his fist with open fascination, his breathing labored and gasping as Thor worked himself to release over his soft, spent cock.
After leaving his Shield Brothers and Sister to settle in their rooms Thor was summoned to his Fathers private quarters. As he marched through the golden hallways, he found himself nervous, unsteady under the circumstances.
“Thor?” The Captain probed, blinking down at the goats chewing away as the God opened the locks on the door with quick and eager hands “What are those?”
Thor coughed and retook his story “Anyways, back to Frandal, he was scorned and mutilated for life. He did the only thing he could think to hurt my Brother back. He lied.”
The Director answered with a daring arch of his brow as he stepped impossibly closer to the giddy God “Good, ‘cause I won’t hesitate to come up here and remind you.”
“Well done, Captain!” The Giant commended, swaying slightly on his knees as he grinned and patted the Captain’s cheek with overbearing affection “You are as stubborn as those creatures Thor adores”
Ronan gasped a hurt breath, barely straightening after the onslaught of the beast when an arrow flew to his feet and exploded. Smoke rose from the ground and in the curtain it provided, Ronan felt a small body slither onto his own, vesting him an electric shock to the neck, startling him as a rounded shield flew and stuck his hand holding the hammer, near causing him to lose grip to his weapon with the painfully accurate slam to his knuckles; only the superior will of the Kree Lord and his thirst for revenge keeping his hand steady as he shook the small body off himself and emerged unscathed from the smoke.
The General grew tired of duking out of his way and with a powerful hit with the blunt of his sword, he smashed the suit to the side.
“How is little Natasha?” The Widow inquired, bending over and laying her hands on the belly with tenderness in startingly familiar gesture. The Woman answered with a grimace. “It’s Nathaniel”
Thor recalled the times as they grew together, Loki and him, how they were both considered Crown Prince as the younger’s claim to the throne, simply by being borne of Odin’s own flesh, was equal and for some, far superior to Thor’s first-born status. Of course, this went away with the reveal of Loki being a Jotun prince. But if not for that, who would dare question Odin’s word for it?
“Yes Thor?” Steven inquired sullenly, raising his embarrassed eyes to meet Thor’s and startling at the sight of the God’s face.
“You will not give us the right to deal justice on your son, you will not return the tesseract and you expect us to do with an apology and your word?”
He gave himself a couple of seconds more to vulnerability, just a few precious seconds, before his back straightened and his eyes dried as he turned to Loki’s waiting form.
Steve’s throat worked around a knot, mind struggling to come to grasp on the words “Does that mean that I’m..?”
“Tony” She gasped, her hand held tight to her chest, voice cracking. Tony swallowed thickly and nodded goodbye.
He asked for the mirage of the men fallen in the battle to appear when the clock struck midday, their ghost image to emerge from the Council walls onto the plaza and form a front around the building, in memory of their service and death protecting the United Nations.
Thor felt a nudge of power extend from their shared bond as the All Father tied Loki’s Sedir onto Steven’s soul, drawing a hiss and gasp as the King’s order fulfilled itself on them.
“Enough, we are here to discuss matters of state!” The Delegate of Niflheim cried, his brow sporting a throbbing blue vein of truly impressive caliber, mirrored by the two hissing Delegates squabbling over a piece of scroll like children.
“Actually” Fury countered “I would prefer to begin negotiations as soon as possible, preferably before any wedding preparations begin”
Outside of the bedding rooms, the passing Court startled as the loud crashes of bodies and furniture resonated against the marbled walls, noble men and women raising impressed, half amused, half envious brows as the sounds of the Newlywed’s consummation and passion rang obscenely high in the royal Halls.
Fury turned his fuming eye to the Soldier as the discussion escalated “Was it? ‘cause that hand felt pretty serious to me”
To her side Tony observed the newlyweds with a keen eye. Noticing too the important detail that the rest of the table seemed to have missed, and slowly regained the color to his olive skin that had drained at the entrance of the pair and the Captain’s exaggerated limp. Tony breathed an air of relieve as he cheerfully chatted away to the new commers.
Thor avoided the Captains gaze as he delved into his memories of that horrible day “When Loki swore this, Frandal came to me with the truth. He begged me to save him, a silly boy that he was, he knew he had forfeited his life over a childish prank. He is my friend.” Thor weighted with a grieving sigh “Loki is my brother.”
Steve looked up to meet Clint’s open gaze for a second, before faking a consternated sigh “Director Fury is going to be livid”
Thanks again for all the love and I hope you enjoy this chapter, a lot of drama and some humour comes along.
“No” The Captain hummed, his eyes shining with a new, highly disturbing light “I could do this all day”
.” Steven chuckled low and continued to scratch gently at the God’s beard, eliciting a pleased groan as Thor plopped down and rolled to his back, an arm coming to lay over his toned stomach where tiny flutters of tender emotion threatened to overcome the God of Thunder as he spoke up to his wondering husband with a giddy smile “I feel I’ve come down with something, Husband”
The Captain clenched his jaw as the bells rang up high, announcing invasion, each ring increasing the threat of the attack and Thor swallowed thickly, calling through their bond once more.
“Huh, you certainly got the hair right…” Steven mused with a grin, slowly stepping away from the looming, ragging God.
Thor would be impressed if he were not scared witless. His mother’s absence from the trial but one more odd against them.
Heimdall squared his shoulders and sprung forth, bringing his sword down with all his might several times, watching in fascination how the Worthy one spun and duked with incredible speed and grace, Mjolnir a distracting feature in his hands, humming with godly power, waiting.
Thor leaped back with a disgusted yelp, rolling away and out of the bed in a ball of flailing limbs and tangled sheets, followed by silent snickers echoing in his mind as Loki straightened and stretched his lanky arms over his head in a luxurious and totally unbothered manner, his green eyes bright with the sharp and mocking smile he could not show from under his bandages.
After that it became a custom for Thor to share kisses with Steven; every night before they slept, every morning as they woke; anything from soft and innocent, to hard and questing that left the God aching for more. But alas, he always managed to pull away at the most minimal sign of discomfort of the Captain, whom had progressively grown used to these attentions and even initiating them himself, gifting Thor with gentle kisses just before bed.
He was getting married by dawn break. It had not been this real since he had seen Steven do the impossible and lift the Hammer of the Gods.  He was happy, he came to realize, but in the same space, so very, very scared.  He clenched and spread his fingers once, twice and finally dared to push the doors to the King’s rooms.
He had done what he had to do, to keep Steve safe, he told himself; that’s all that mattered, it was done, the Captain was safe and free from these men who would just pawn him off at the first sign of a struggle. Like he wasn’t worth the fight. Tony clenched his jaw, turning a corner sharply and startling an Agent out of his way.
“Ha.” The Captain barked, grinning winningly at his husband, eyes sharp with that devious light Thor both feared and adored as he began to croon his previous tune.
Frigga rose from her beddings with a mighty cry “Odin, enough! You will not blame my son for your unworthy actions!”
“Ever since I was a little girl and I caught a glimpse of his golden hair, his charming smile and bright eyes. All I ever wanted was to be seen by him” She confessed once more the depth of her affections, her mind calling back the first time she had seen Thor in Court, sporting a training sword and waving it mightily to a forbearing Loki and so precious she, barely out of her toddler days, had been smitten “I outgrew my dolls and my dresses, knowing that it was swords and battles that he liked… I told myself it was my own wish to become a warrior instead of a Lady” Sif smiled bitterly at the admission, raising a calming hand at the astonished Soldier as she continued “I do not regret it, do not misunderstand me.”
Steve sighed as a heavy warm hand rubbed comforting circles on his back. Grounding and calming, Steve relaxed into the soft swirls made by that hand and washed his mouth out when a glass of water was offered for him to take.
“Sounds like Loki” Thor grumbled, laying back down on his spouse with a sigh “He would be gentle with me too, before…”
The booming sounds of Asgards barriers drowned the sound of the choir singing the tales of old, blessing the royal union in a cacophony of death and song.
Before he knew it, his back hit the mat with a tremendous thud, shaking the foundations of the sparring ring and eliciting a round of commiserating sounds from his Shield brothers.
Thor smiled widely, subtly flexing as he extended his hand for a long handshake. “As are you Captain, the military regalia suits you”
“It is the ancient dance of overwhelming debt and desperation.” He explained as he came to kneel in front of the intended pair, eyeing Thor with a wicked glint to his eye “Give me a coffer of Gold and I’ll teach the Captain a move or two.”
“My son, I did not expect to see you so soon, but I understand if you needed a respite of your… duties.” The last part was muttered after a soft, meaningful pause, causing the Captain’s blush to come back with a vengeance. The soldier smiled thinly and hurriedly limped forward to join the silent Mother of God’s. Odin followed his step with a gleeful orb and a knowing grin.
Thor released his husband, reluctantly; ignoring the pointed looks from his brother and mother, as they had felt with their last touches the happenstance of their bond. Thor could not handle pity right now, or derision.
What a strange conversation, but it was offensively early in the morning, no light shining out still. So who was Thor to judge what the Captain had in his mind at the hour.
“It’s ok” Steven comforted, blush high on his cheeks as he admitted with an endearing, self-depicting shrug “I don’t know it either….”
Steven’s eyes widened fractionally, a quick dart of his startled eyes to the other body sharing their bed, miraculously still in deep dreams. And back to Thor, before he slowly opened his mouth.
“Oh, how lovely!” The Goddess tittered at the Soldier, then turning with a coy smile to her son “Thor, my darling. You will be the envy of the court”
“Why did you stay?” Steve questioned, his earnest eyes following Loki as the God sauntered back to his seat with a blank expression. “Why didn’t you escape when you had the chance?”
“I’m calling for clothes.” Steven said, striding off with purpose towards the antechamber doors where their guards stood in silent vigilance.
Bringing to Frigga’s mind that faithful night when they were just small boys, both Loki and he; naughty children who thought bedtime was beneath them. Frigga had told them jokingly that the Guardian of the Door laid under their bed, waiting for them to step out in the middle of the night to pull them under and throw them over the edge of the planet, never to be seen again.
But a month later they met again, Stark was celebrating his betrothal to his beloved and the Avengers were to join them in New York. Thor was thrilled with the prospect of reuniting with his Shield Brothers and Sister. Perhaps even get some sparring out of the encounter as he had not been put through his paces since his hasty departure from Asgard. Yes, it would be good for his soul to feel the bone deep exhaustion and satisfaction of battle. Mayhaps he could entice Banner to unleash the Hulk for a round or two.
“Jormungandr, my boy!” Thor boomed, sprinting forth with the large horn he had used to call his nephew waving in the air. Steve stayed put as he watched his husband embrace the large snout of the serpent and laugh uproariously as Jormungandr’s tongue curled around his leg and attempted to pull him into his fanged mouth.
“You can tell yourself I forced you to agree, but you know better, the words left your mouth, not mine”
Though Thor recoiled of these thoughts instantly, for no matter how oblivious he is or how much he wished to delude himself. There is no scenario where the Captain would say what he ached to hear.
“You need Jesus.” The Captain admonished with a yawn, dragging his feet to the bathrooms and away from the chuckling God.
Thor both envied and rejoiced in his friend’s resilience. He could only hope that time would take the same grace with him. Sooner rather than later.
“Come here.”  Tony grabs Steve by the back of his t-shirt, pulling him close enough to manhandle properly.  He takes Steve’s hand and puts it under the steady stream, a sharp swath of skin pink and raised across his large palm.  “First time I’ve heard you swear, Cap.”
Bucky takes hold of Tony’s hips and uses his thigh to knock Tony’s legs a little further apart, changing the angle of Tony’s thrusts into Steve just slightly. It’s instantly clear from Steve’s reaction that Bucky has guided Tony directly to Steve’s prostate, that he’s now pressing against it with every pass.
Tony pauses at the ramp up to the Quinjet, looking inside at Clint, Bucky, Natasha, Bruce, Thor, each one of them curious and waiting.  He turns to Steve, clapping him on the shoulder.
Tony’s already hard, and Steve’s vision swims as all of his blood rushes south in response, his body in a hurry to catch up. Tony’s lips are on his and he answers in kind, gasping into Tony’s mouth and his hands taking firm hold of Tony’s slim waist.
“JARVIS, call Rhodey again.”  He doesn’t technically need to speak the command aloud to JARVIS anymore, but he still does so simply because he likes the interaction.  Besides Steve and Pepper, he probably talks to his AI the most, which might be totally awesome or totally depressing, depending on whom one asks.
“Nevermind. If Happy’s on his way up, guess you should show me this view now so I can go.” Steve says, more rudely than Tony has ever heard from him before. The way Steve’s gaze drops down to the floor after he speaks makes Tony sure that Steve isn’t feeling too great about his tone either. Whereas Tony has often delighted over a particularly clever critique or witty take-down, Steve’s never been the type to revel in being mean.
Bucky’s eyes are bright and his color high. His tie is loose, the top button of his collar undone. His pint glass is once again empty in his hand. Beside him, Natasha is cradling a snifter of brandy, her full lips playing at a smirk as she surveys the men surrounding her table. Her dark red hair falls in perfect tight curls and her black, bead-encrusted dress hugs her curves. She looks every inch a silver screen starlet, and Steve suspects most everyone here would be surprised to discover she spends her days bent over a typewriter, entirely away from public view.
“This isn’t for that,” Bucky replies, nudging the bag toward Steve.  “I just…picked up some old favorites.”
“We’re probably going to be the headline in the NY Post tomorrow, I hope you know that.”  Is all Steve says, gesturing to a woman with her cell phone aimed at them.  Tony shrugs and blows the gawker a kiss.
The national anthem is playing out in the arena, and Tony wonders if it physically pains Steve not to stand up and be respectful.  He peeks at him and finds Steve staring at his own hands, apparently not listening to the sounds outside the suite.  The glass rattles a little as the anthem ends and everyone cheers on the start of the first period.
for the past few weeks. This story was front page, with a photo of him and Van Dyne out at dinner. Have you spoken to him lately?”
The light from the dressing room spills out into the dim hallway and Steve can see Tony’s shadow as he moves about inside, can hear him puttering around. It quickly becomes clear that Tony is not about to join him.
Steve takes out the small piece of white paper stock, bent and folded and wrinkled and worn around the edges. He’s taken it out every night and considered just throwing it away, but he always places it on his night table instead, where it stays until he dresses the next morning.
“Because he is everything.” Bucky states quietly, practically reading Tony’s mind. “He’s everything, and I’m nothing without him. He loved me before, loves me now, but somewhere in between he fell in love with you too. He has enough love for that, for the both of us. I ain’t worried.”
Though Natasha is rarely unable to cloak her true feelings, Steve still thinks he sees a flash of hurt in her green eyes as he remains determinedly indifferent to her company.  He takes this slight display of emotion not as an honest symptom of her care for him, but simply another sign of how this thing with Bucky has worn her down as well.
“I’m not changing my mind either,” Tony presses on, not wanting to get hung up on his insecurities this morning, not when Steve’s gorgeous cock is rubbing suggestively against his lower back.  He puts his hands over Steve’s hands and pushes Steve’s fingers around the top of his underwear, shoving at the fabric and stripping himself down to nothing.
“Tony.  It’s the middle of the night.  You didn’t come over here to inform me that I’d be hopelessly out of my depth in a
“Get changed outta those rags and meet me at the main gate, darling.” Janet looks him up and down. She unclasps her purse and pulls out her cigarette case, plucking one out with her white-gloved fingers and placing it between her lips. “Next picture, we gotta get you a part that lets me dress you up real nice.”
