"Sorry?" John sits a little straighter; his stomach squeezing tighter. His hands start to clench into fists again beneath the desk; Captain Watson threatening to take over.
Sherlock feels his lips mirror John’s grin, the serious mood broken. Their giggles sound loud in the silence, and for a moment, the events of the pool are forgotten. There is no Moriarty, no pool and no snipers, only Sherlock Holmes and John Watson; consulting detective and his blogger.
"I don't understand." John perches on the back of Sherlock's armchair, eyes scanning the detective's face for a clue on where his mind is going.
“You have to get better now, John. Sherlock couldn’t bear it if you didn’t. He loves you so much and I think he’d break if anything happened to you. And I-“ He hears her choke back a sob. “You’re like a son to me John Watson. The pair of you. Please, you have to get better.”
Scarlet Underwood lies half-hidden in the bushes, blonde hair fanning around her head; matted with vomit. Blood has begun to stain the grass brown as it drips off her stomach and congeals on the soil.
"Ah, Sherlock, you're finally here." Lestrade peels off from a group of uniformed officers, walking over to stand on Sherlock's right.
"Exactly. The killer connects with them on a dating app, makes a connection, meets them for a date, and then kills them."
So, when he was finally discharged, there was no question of where he wanted to be. The only problem was, London was expensive. Part of the reason he enlisted in the first place was the bursary the army gave him. Money was tight at home, and his sister was already skirting along the edges of an alcohol habit. The grant money was enough to keep him in London, so he took it. 15 years and one bullet wound later, he finds himself in the same position; find the money, or get out.
"Ah, there you are. I couldn't find you." The man says, the sentiment not quite reaching his eyes. "I'm glad you found the place." The man leans forward and pulls him into an awkward hug. John stiffens, not quite sure what to do with his hands. Is this normal? Some kind of queer greeting familiarity he hasn't learnt about yet?
He keeps scrolling until he hits the bottom of the page. There, sat inconspicuously in the corner, is an address.
The loneliness that had hit him the moment he stepped off the plane was a vivid memory. He felt like nothing like the boy who had enrolled to study medicine all those years ago, with his dreams of helping people and saving his mother. He did not know the man he'd become — the change so gradual, so subtle, that it had happened without him noticing. London had no place for him anymore, yet it was the only place he could bear to be.
“Please.” He whispers. I close the gap, and his lips are warm against mine. Something inside me feels like it’s exploded, and the warmth spreads throughout my blood. His arms wrap around my waist, pulling me closer. We melt together, taking each other apart piece by piece, until I can’t remember where I end and he begins.
She could be anywhere now. When John was first discharged, he'd thought about contacting her, seeing if she was still deployed, but the thought was too painful. He wasn't the same person as when they met, and chances were, neither was she. In different circumstances, it could have been perfect. She could have been the one he settled with, the one he followed society's heteronormative script with. Somehow, he knows that's not true, even if they hadn't both been deployed. Neither of them would have been satisfied with what that life could have given them.
The self-control required not to take his mouth with mine, to push him against the wall and show him who’s really in control, is almost too much to bear. But I maintain my distance because this is more important than that. For the first time, I don’t want a quick fix — a relationship for the sake of it, someone to keep the bed warm and the nights less lonely. I’ve no interest in rushing headfirst, without thought or fears of the consequence. I want all of him, the breathless nights and still mornings, his quick-fire deductions and soft undertone. I want to be woken at three in the morning by violins and experiments, I want to be frustrated by bullet holes in the wall and severed heads in the fridge. He gave me back myself and I want to embrace all the parts of him.
John nods and makes his way back to the road. He has an hour or two to kill, so he takes the tube down to Embankment and finds a bench overlooking the Thames.
"Sorry, sir." For a while, the only sound is the click of Donovan's fingers rhythmically hitting the laptop keys. John shifts in his chair, mildly uncomfortable at the direction the conversation has taken. His shoulders relax a little, but the show of unprofessionalism has put him on edge.
"Okay, could it have been random? They just happened to walk past the killer? You know, wrong place wrong time?"
John knows he needs to tell Sherlock, but with the case absorbing most of his attention, he's not sure how. Besides, John isn't sure exactly what to say; how to break the news that their days together are numbered.
“Seven!” Sherlock lets himself focus on the rest of John’s outline, reading data between his clothing folds. Dropped shoulders, even stance, a relatively relaxed neck. Good—no stress; the wound in his shoulder was not bothering him, and his leg hasn’t played up in months. John’s neck tends to tense and draw his shoulders up when he’s tired, but there is no evidence of that here. Definitely lying. But why?
"You like him, don't you?" Lestrade's sly smile sends a wave of embarrassment down John's spine, and his face warms at the edges.
"Come on, Lestrade's asked me to come to the crime scene. I thought you might be able to help." The silent plea for John's company sits behind his eyes. As much as he scolds himself for being excited to see a dead body, John can't help but grab his jacket and follow Sherlock out of the door.
"Look, I've known Sherlock for a long time, and you're the first person I've ever seen him actively want to be around. He tends to push everyone else away. I mean, you know what he's like. It takes time to get used to his—" Lestrade pauses to find the right word, "—quirks. Sally Donovan is not unusual; plenty of people think they can treat Sherlock however they want, just because he's different. Hell, he sure doesn't make it easier for himself, but that's not entirely his fault. You're the first person he's let in; I completely understand that he's terrified of losing you."
"I'm sorry I missed the wedding, Mike. The pictures looked wonderful." John takes a sip of his beer, then wipes away the froth that clings to his mouth.
He blinks, his vision focusing as a curly-haired figure comes into view. Sherlock. A sob builds in his throat, but he swallows it down, instead wrapping his fingers around Sherlock's wrist and squeezing tightly. He closes his eyes, focusing on the noise surrounding him. Machines beeping behind him, Sherlock's gentle breathing beside him, the squeak of shoes on the tiled floor. The tether he's been pulling against is an IV, hence the biting sensation when he pulls against it. There's a pulse oximeter on his finger, pinching his skin in an almost unpleasant way. A siren sounds somewhere outside, drifting through an open window.
There's a heavy pause as they both watch the detective work. Lestrade must have seen Sherlock do this a thousand times, yet his eyes still hold the same amazement as John's.
“What did you do to the microwave?” I demand the minute the call connects. My smile bleeds though, my voice sounding less threatening than intended.
“I don’t see why we have to do this here,” Mycroft snickers, looking down his nose at the label on the champagne bottle, “I have access to an excellent suite on Embankment, with a beautiful view of the London Eye—“
John nods, as Lestrade opens the file in front of him and pulls out an A4 photo, sliding it over the table to John.
“Six!” Another small smile spreads across the doctor's face, and he holds his hand out, beckoning Sherlock to join him in the living room. Sherlock ignores the instruction, but he focuses on how John’s facial muscles adapt for the smile; how it reaches his eyes, yet takes on a slightly different meaning than before. There is warm affection there, a juxtaposition from his earlier slip. Either he is an outstanding actor, or John is experiencing multiple emotions at once.
"No, but you have mine." His coat swirls around him as he turns, not missing a beat to turn his collar up against the wind.
"We need to see where she lives. There's a photo of her girlfriend as her phone background, we might as well speak to her. I doubt she knows anything, but it's worth being sure. We might be able to pinpoint why she was in the area." He pulls his phone out and starts typing in the address, not pausing to stop as he walks past the observing pair. Lestrade sighs as he follows, stopping on one side of the tape whilst Sherlock holds it up for John to pass to the other.
"I know." Sherlock's eyes flash with an echo of something, but it's gone before John can identify what it is. He stalks over to the body, analysing it with a perfunctory air, without a hint of the elegance of before. John hangs back, not wanting to provide another distraction. After a minute, Sherlock looks over his shoulder, seemingly searching for the doctor. He gives a slight flick of his head, and John wanders over, hesitant. He doesn't see his place here — doesn't understand what he can bring other than distraction.
He desperately wants to lean forward again; take John by the mouth and never let him go, but he’s painfully aware of the party of onlookers. Later. Once the guests have returned home and Mrs Hudson has descended back to 221a, they will have all the time in the world.
“Mm. And Curly Hair.” John can’t help but let out a giggle. In echoes in his glass where it rests against his lips. “Why didn’t you tell me your name?”
"Any new leads?" John asks. Sherlock gives a minuscule shake of his head as John hovers at his elbow, reading the papers over his shoulder. He's not sure what the boundaries are — whether he's allowed to adorn physical affection in the middle of a case. The past few days had seemed to be an exception, Sherlock putting the case aside to focus on the newfound developments of their relationship, but now the rules seem to have changed. Sherlock has absorbed himself back into the work in full force, and John is unsure as to where he stands.
"Glad we've settled that." A waiter heads in their direction, greeting Sherlock in what John thinks is Italian; he's never been particularly good at languages. To his surprise, Sherlock answers effortlessly, smiling up at the man with a warmth that only comes from old acquaintances.
Sherlock never replies, which isn't entirely unusual, but John spins the words over and over in his head, dissecting them and panicking that he said the wrong thing. He feels like a bloody teenager again. In the morning, after only a few hours of restless sleep, dreaming of consulting detectives and Baker Street, he dresses quickly and grabs his bags. The taxi ride seems to take hours, John's stomach twisting over and over as they get nearer to central London. What if Sherlock changed his mind? What if he misread the situation completely, and he gets there to find the locks have been changed and he's no longer welcome?
An older lady stands on the other side, dressed head to toe in purple. She's very slight, and as she stands she favours one leg more than the other — the telltale sign of someone with a bad hip.
He remembers how time seemed to slow around him; bullets leaving trail marks in the air like aeroplanes; bodies lying broken and bloodied at his feet. The cry of the injured echoed in his ears, a sound that still haunts his dreams.
Finding Sherlock, John's mind had finally settled into a state of calm — a settled sureness of his own emotions, and to have someone else question them was painful. He has his own self-doubt to worry about.
"Please." The words escape him before he processes them. A plea, followed by another tear dripping from his jaw. "Please, let me live."
"Really? How so?" Sherlock raises his eyebrow and leans back into his chair, raising a glass of wine to his lips.
"Yeah, yeah. The jumper is quite thick, it didn't burn." John blushes slightly, thankful he was wearing a t-shirt underneath.
It wasn’t until John meandered out of bed, a yawn splitting his face, that Sherlock realised he’d cleaned the entire kitchen.
Donovan bids him farewell once they reach the foyer, and he leaves through the rotating doors, returning his lanyard back to the desk on the way out.
"I said, he's with me," Sherlock growls. John stifles a smirk as Donovan raises her hands in mock surrender and steps aside to let them past.
John is pulled from his musings by the flutter of white police tape on the corner of a building. He changes course to walk towards it, intrigued at its stark contrast to the deep purples and reds of the surrounding bars. As he gets closer, he sees it's snapped — the section fixed to the wall is only half a meter long — remnants of a crime past. The building forms the border of an alley,  a narrow passage between an office building and a Chinese restaurant. Green commercial waste bins border each side, with a scattering of litter at the base of each. There's nothing unusual about the scene — just an empty alley in a dark corner of London — but John can't seem to walk away. Daniel Murphy was murdered in Soho. Could this have been where? It's been long enough that the police would have cleared the scene, and it would have been impossible to spot if not for the calling card of the cordoning tape.
“Perhaps there’ll be a good case tomorrow? Or you could ask Molly for some more path samples. Just for the love of God, don’t put them in the microwave again.”
"Uh, sure. So there are five victims; Dorothy Patterson, Joseph Rookwood, Daniel Murphy, Scarlett Underwood, and Kobi McKenna. All of them were found outside, with large zodiac symbols carved through their clothes and into their chests. None of the symbols match. None of the victims worked at the same place or are the same age, McKenna and Underwood are both at uni, but the rest have full-time jobs." He reads the facts like a shopping list, unsure of where to start. Sherlock always seems to know which parts are relevant, but John can't figure out which pieces of information are actually useful. "None of them have ever connected via social media; have mutual friends or the same hobbies. Some are cis, some trans, some queer and some straight. There seems to be no pattern as to their personal identities. Most of them are single, and they were all found in different parts of London — "
“But she wasn’t supposed to be like that. Not after-“ He knows what I mean. He’s probably always known. I didn’t want to replace him with Mary- I wanted to forget.
Sherlock’s deductions are hard to hear. They seem to justify her actions rather than condemn her as the liar she is. I don’t want to be in this room anymore. I want out of this case.
When he descends the steps at Embankment station the next morning, he pauses for a moment to take in the view. He commits to memory every building bordering the river; each person hurrying along the pavements and every smell that reaches his nose. John takes a deep inhale of the London air and feels regret pulling at his chest. There is nowhere else he'd rather be — no other city or town that gives him comfort the way London does; quiet anonymity whilst being part of a living, breathing entity. Originally, he was from Essex, but he'd loved every visit here as a child. John would beg his parents to bring him every birthday, and he'd wile the hours away aimlessly wandering the streets, marvelling at the hidden treasures nestled between the crowds.
There's a beat of silence where the two lock eyes, sizing each other up. John isn't sure whether to be scared, insulted, or impressed that this complete stranger can read his entire life story in just his face and clothes. Eventually, he settles on impressed.
"Hi, um, I'm here to see Sherlock Holmes?" John worries for a second that he's got the address wrong, but no — the door clearly says 221.
Sherlock's hands are still now, resting once again in the small of John's back. It's not a hesitant touch, overwhelmed at the depth of John's response, but rather an anchoring one, reminding John that he's still listening. Briefly, John considers stopping, aware that he's already answered Sherlock's question, but now they've started flowing, the words won't stop. They rush from his mouth, desperate streams of consciousness and all John can do is hang on for the ride.
“It’s okay.” Sherlock’s eyes open and catch John’s, both unashamedly staring at the other. There’s an openness there that John hasn’t noticed before. Usually, Sherlock guards his face carefully, making sure to hide the complex cascade of emotions beneath. Now his guard is completely dropped, allowing John to see the curiosity beneath the surface.
“Thank you, Sherlock.” They stay in silence for a few moments, both watching the steady rise and fall of John’s chest. If it weren’t for all the tubes and wires, he’d look quite peaceful, lying there.
"Not that I can see. Each victim is in a different age bracket. ID on the body says that the recent victim is Scarlett Underwood, aged 19. Murphy was 29, the other man, Joseph Rookwood, was 41. Dorothy Patterson was 23. Murphy and Underwood are both White-British, Patterson Black-British, and Rookwood is British-Jamaican. None of them work at the same place; have the same sexuality or live anywhere near each other. As far as I can see, nothing connects them."
Sherlock’s eyes snapped open, and he leapt across the kitchen, only stopping long enough to press a kiss to John’s cheek.
Sherlock stifles an eye-roll. John can be so very obvious sometimes. He closes his eyes, not with the intention of sleeping, but enjoying the sensory relief. John’s bed is cool against his skin, and the sheets are stiffer than Sherlock’s— they feel different against his bare legs. He’s not sure he could sleep here for any length of time— he’s spent a long time finding precisely the right pillows and softness of duvet for his own bed— but the sensations provide a welcome distraction from the storm inside his brain. Instead of pointless questions, he can focus on the scratch of cotton against his toes; the firmness of polyester under his neck.
Sherlock shakes his head. "No. Family members have reported that Rookwood had only returned from visiting friends in Surrey the day he was murdered. That evening CCTV footage shows him at Electric Ballroom in Camden, before he was found dead just outside of Primrose Hill."
John's brow furrows in confusion, but he masks it quickly. That doesn't match with the information he's collected. Sherlock seemed perfectly capable of understanding when someone was flirting with him. Unless he was ignoring her on purpose.
The next few days are spent curled around each other, settling into the new routine of two bodies in Baker Street rather than one. Most of the time, they are inseparable; maintaining some sort of contact regardless of what they're doing. There's a desperate quality to it, as if they are terrified the other will vanish if they lose touch for a second; the fragile state of any new relationship.
John's breath catches against his teeth as he feels Sherlock shifting in his hands. He's worried he said too much; opened his heart too wide, but the fear ebbs as warm lips find his.
now. This room is their living room, their fireplace is set into the far wall, with their chairs placed next to it.
The showers turn out to be down a floor, and whilst they’re not the usual pressure and temperature he has become accustomed to, it’s a welcome relief from the layer of grease that had settled on his skin. He leans on the glass wall, letting the spray fall down his back. The water is slightly too hot- it burns his skin as it slithers down his shoulder blades.
Was he so tired of life that a fiery death seemed welcoming? Was that why, sat on the cold tile, breathing chlorine scented air, he had placed his life in the hands of his detective? He had trusted Sherlock so completely that had the building fallen in fire and gunpowder; he would have welcomed it. He would have been ready. Was it because he wanted it?
He stops mid-step. Is that what this is? The restlessness? A desire not to be alone? No- he’s more than happy being alone. Alone protects him. Besides, the last thing he wants is someone else in here trying to calm him— it only ever serves to infuriate him further. Yet the desire to have John beside him is undeniable.
"John, I finish my shift at half six. Come have a pint with me." Lestrade finally says, sinking his free hand into his front trouser pocket.
"Fuck, sorry." He apologises, placing the mug on the table behind him and stripping his jumper off, dabbing at the spilt tea on the floor, relieved that none landed on the papers.
"Jesus Christ, Sherlock." His arms hang limply at his side, and his voice drops to a half-whisper. "Do you even know me at all?"
John stops mid-stride. The name means nothing to him, but the face is familiar. At first, he can't quite place it — the memory of the man dancing outside his subconscious. Then it hits him; the white-shirted man from the bar.
Sherlock takes a tentative step forwards, hovering in the kitchen doorway, his eyes wandering over the retreating form of John Watson. He takes a deep breath and lets his mind focus—paying close attention to all of the subtle clues laid out across John’s body; trying to understand what could be darkening his mood. It has been a long time since he’s let himself run free over his blogger. Early on in their friendship, John had insisted Sherlock ask whenever he wanted to know something, rather than deducing John to an inch of his life. Since then, Sherlock has actively stopped himself reading the majority of John’s body language, in an inane attempt to protect his ‘privacy’. Sherlock doesn’t understand John’s fascination with the concept, considering they share most of their lives together anyway. Still, he obeys John’s wishes because, well, because he’s John. Why wouldn’t he?
"I'm sorry I didn't delete the profile sooner. I'd honestly forgotten about it. But honestly, Sherlock, you don't need to worry about me leaving. You are, beyond doubt, the most incredible person I have ever met." He pauses for breath, picking at a loose thread on his trousers. He'd practised this all the way home, but it doesn't make it any easier to say. "When you found me, I was so lost. I was broken and bruised, and in the middle of the biggest identity crisis I've ever had. Suddenly you waltz into my life, and everything just — made sense again. I chose to be here, Sherlock, and that's not going to change anytime soon."
As it turns out, he needn't have worried. When he finally arrives at Baker Street, the detective is the one to open the door.
The cold air is a shock when they leave the restaurant. John's breath pillows in front of him, and he pulls his coat closer, glad for the thick jumper beneath.
“You want to get into Appledore. You were going to use her as a bargaining chip to get in and see the vaults.” The heart monitor beeps in agreement.
“Yeah, just tired y’know. Busy day.” John gives a weary smile and wanders into the living room, leaving behind a dazed Sherlock. They have lived together long enough to know when the other is lying, and besides, John has done nothing all day, other than help Mrs Hudson set up for the party. That hadn’t required much effort, considering she insisted on making all of the food herself. What is really on his mind?
The tongue sat in a blue cooler; a golden bow stuck to the lid. Molly’s pathology report was tucked in an envelope beneath the container, and Sherlock scanned through it, his eyes widening with excitement.
He can't stay. He's never settled. He might be safe, alone and broken on the floor, but he doesn't have
The bed beside him is cold when John wakes up. He smiles into the pillow, breathing in the lingering scent of Sherlock's ridiculously expensive shampoo, before peeling himself out of bed. Once he's showered and dressed, he pads down the corridor into the living room, greeted by 6 ft of naked consulting detective sat cross-legged on the coffee table. The wood bows under his weight, and John wonders how soon it will be before the table gives out from Sherlock's mistreatments.
John can’t help the giggle that escapes his mouth. After a few seconds, Sherlock is echoing him, the unapologetic joy ringing out in the darkness. As it ebbs, Sherlock reaches out to take John’s hand in his, brushing his lips softly across the knuckles.
"If you don't want to be here, that's fine, I'm not going to make you. But I do want you with me. You keep me grounded, and I will never wish you were anywhere else than beside me."
"Dr Watson," Lestrade merely nods at John in acknowledgement. "We've not found any new information since this morning, and as far as we can tell she's almost identical to the others, just with a different zodiac symbol."
Sherlock is lying with his back to the door when John enters the bedroom. He can tell he's not asleep — he's far too contained — but he doesn't acknowledge when John comes into the room. John walks around the bed, grabbing his pillows and pyjamas from where he left them underneath, and exits the room again without saying a word.
John arrives at the pub half an hour early, having vacated the flat in a hurry to get out from under Sherlock's feet. Patience is not one of the detective's virtues, and he had taken to pouring his frustration out onto his violin. After three hours of screeching, John has had enough.
I had thought, after Afghanistan, that my life had reached its peak. I was split in half; everything I had become, the person I had chosen to be, was left to die in the middle of a desert. I was convinced that John Watson, army surgeon, was dead and gone, and my body was a shell of who I used to be. I was no longer the naive boy that had enlisted all those years ago, nor the danger seeking, decision making surgeon, and I wasn’t sure how I could survive in this world carrying the knowledge of how much humans are capable of, or the weight of what I had lost. My friends were dead. Those who I had shared the most important years of my life with were dead, most of them on my operating table. It seemed impossible to walk through life pretending that I hadn’t seen the things I had — that I was like any of these people back in England. I would never be like them, not anymore. A cane in my hand and a gun in my pocket, I struggled to see how I could ever feel whole. How could I, when part of myself had been shot out and left half a planet away?
It took three days, but Sherlock finally solved the case. He’d taken over the bedroom wall with his evidence board; crime-scene photos sprawling from ceiling to skirting board. John had insisted, after one particularly gruesome case last March, that Sherlock was no longer allowed to put evidence in the living room, where Rosie could see it. Of course, that meant John hardly slept during cases, as Sherlock would pace the room in his frantic relentlessness. At least John could sleep on the sofa, or on the pull out bed in Rosie’s room, and not have to worry about his child seeing decapitated corpses.
Sherlock doesn't say anything, he just scans John's face and sweeps off. Between him and Lestrade, John feels like he's been analysed to an inch of his life.
“It’s on the website; you can never be too careful. I was trying to stay undercover, and anyone could have recognised it. Besides—“ Sherlock’s face softens into a sultry smirk, “—that would ruin the mystery.”
It was something Sherlock had noticed early on. John thrives on the franticness of their cases; flirting with danger as readily as Sherlock, but in-between the crime scenes and midnight chases, he is exceptionally ordinary. John doesn’t have any unusual hobbies— he unsuccessfully tries to hide his mild irritation at Sherlock’s riskier experiments, and, unlike Sherlock, John doesn’t go out of his way to put himself in danger. He is always the one to insist on a plan before chasing criminals through dark alleyways. Given Sherlock’s habit of following his instinct rather than thinking his actions through, they would have been in deep trouble if John was equally as impulsive.
Nervousness eats at my stomach all the way in the cab from London Bridge and as I walk up Baker Street, still unsure as to how to move forward. The doubt starts creeping up at me again, but I push it away. At this rate, Sherlock will read this on me before I even have a chance to open my mouth.
"You never asked me if I did it," John says once they're both seated. A cursory glance at the menu confirms his suspicions that he can't afford anything here. Especially not after the pints from earlier.
"It's stupid. He thought the victims were all connected via a dating app, and in the process of researching, he found my old profile."
The barmaid seems to drink him in, her eyes flickering over his chest and giving him a coy smile. She looks familiar, but he can’t place her face. She probably served him last night. He ignores her advances, placing cash on the counter in clear rejection. There was a time when he would have pounced on it; flirting with her because he could, regardless of whether it would lead anywhere. A part of him still wants to; she's not unattractive, her cropped hair accentuating the curve of her face, but he pictures Sherlock and the feeling fades.
"Then I'm disappointed. You saw me talk to the victim, then I show up seventy-two hours later at the scene of the crime. Most people would assume."
“You were a doctor who went to war. You’re a man who couldn’t stay in the suburbs for more than a month without storming a crack den and beating up a junkie. Your best friend is a sociopath who solves crimes as an alternative to getting high.” His voice keeps breaking, and though he tries to be subtle I can see him leaning heavily into the doorframe, sweat collecting along his hairline. “John, you are addicted to a certain lifestyle. You’re abnormally attracted to dangerous situations and people, so is it such a surprise that the woman you’ve fallen in love with conforms to that pattern?”
John feels giddy whenever Sherlock laughs, and he finds himself cracking jokes and making sly comments just to hear a whisper of it. John can tell whenever Sherlock is hungry — despite his protestations — and has figured out the best way to sneak food into Sherlock without him noticing that he's eating. (Sweet things; biscuits with tea, the odd danish as they move through London. John pretends they are for him, and acts very offended when Sherlock steals bites.)
"Is it because of the gender preference?" He asks, his softening. He'd only used the app once since he was discharged — a feeble attempt to feel normal again. A change of photo was the only thing he'd felt comfortable doing.
"We have our killer." John's grin spreads across his face, and as he turns, Sherlock is mirroring him, the frustration of the past few weeks chased out in a single moment.
“Nonsense, Mrs Hudson.” He sits in the chair beside her, placing an arm around her waist. She leans and rests her head on his shoulder, trying to disguise a sniffle.
"Right. I'd better be off, but I'll be back tomorrow to collect a formal statement from both of you." Lestrade stands. "And rest, the pair of you." He gives them a conspiratorial glance as he leaves the room, the door shutting softly behind him.
“Shut up!” My life is falling to pieces in front of me, and all Sherlock cares about is the sodding case.
“I never asked, does he have parents left? Is there anyone else in his family to see him?” Mrs Hudson asks.
The sand is scorching beneath his feet. He wiggles his toes, sand running between them, and he raises a hand to shield his eyes from the blinding midday sun. John stands in the middle of a desert, dressed in a loose white shirt and khakis, barefoot in the golden sand. He twists around, searching the rocks and planes around himself, but he's completely alone.
Once he graduated and was stationed in Afghanistan, the army became his life. He didn't have the drive to find a steady partner, nor the time if he'd wanted to. There were endless casual hookups and one night stands, but no-one he was serious about. No-one who made his stomach flutter and his heart race. Not until now.
Thank you so much for reading! I love each and every one of your comments, thank you for sharing your thoughts as you read.
“Two!” What should he do? John is clearly distressed by this knowledge, but is that because John ‘I’m-not-gay’ Watson has fallen for a man, or because he believes it to not be reciprocated? Should Sherlock wait until they are alone, blurt out his painfully late deduction, or should he say something now? He’s never been good at human behaviour, and this proves it.
"They've given you antibiotics. The cuts are quite deep, but they should heal with time. You might have a couple of weird scars, but you'll be okay." Sherlock reads his mind, answering his unspoken questions.
"Oh, no worries. Glad I could help. I was getting ready to leave anyway." John pulls his coat a little tighter against the evening chill. "Police?"
Back upstairs, he pauses outside of John’s room, trying to ignore the uniformed officer sitting outside. He needs to compose himself before he sees the people inside- they cannot see how much he’s hurting. A voice slips through the gap in the door, and Sherlock shuffles closer, trying to hear without disturbing his landlady.
"Thank you. I gather you found my address and the evidence of my chemistry degree from there. Molly has obviously commented on the forum about Barts. How did you know she fancies me?"
A week passes, and Sherlock still hasn't found any leads. He's as absorbed as ever, sitting still for hours on end, pouring himself over the piles of papers on the floor. The first sign of defeat is when he actually sleeps — John nearly does a double-take when he walks in one evening to find the detective sprawled out on the sofa, sunk into a deep sleep. John tiptoes into the kitchen, making himself a cup of tea as quietly as possible, determined not to wake the sleeping Sherlock. He needn't have worried, even when John drops his mug on the floor he doesn't stir. Whether this is normal, or Sherlock is just so sleep deprived from the last few weeks, John can't tell.
John chuckles, wrapping both hands around the cold glass of his beer. The condensation drips over his fingers, pooling into the crevices of his skin.
He doesn't realise where he is until the crowd swallows him. People walk past in all directions, creating a living river through the streets. He smiles to himself, letting the stream carry him until he recognises the street name. Rupert Street. The bar is more crowded than it had been that night — the patrons spilling out of the door and onto the road. He considers going in but concludes that perhaps the bars are not for him. Not alone. It's not as if he ever had any particular interest in bars before, so why should he force himself into LGBT ones for the sake of it? The point was meant to be that he was trying to understand himself — not create a new personality. Maybe this doesn't have to be a big thing. Perhaps this is just another fact about himself that he carries with him, like each time he's discovered something new before. It doesn't have to change his world, he is still the same John Watson. Now he just has the language to express himself better. He can describe the feelings inside of him.
For years he danced with the line between carelessness and neglect, until he found himself a blogger. Over time, his lack of self-respect lessened. There were still days when he’d make impulse decisions, some of which led to being beaten unconscious by a suspect, or being on the verge of dehydration after focusing on an experiment too long, but the occasions became fewer and far between. Sherlock couldn’t pretend he hadn’t noticed. Still, he concluded that it was not a conscious decision but the introduction of people that realised when he didn’t eat for days, or pointed out when he was about to apprehend someone without proper backup. John always insisted on preparing for things, rather than taking the haphazard approach that Sherlock had adopted most of his life.
For the first time that evening, Sherlock feels his eyelids become heavy; his mind settled. There are still a thousand questions rushing through his brain, but they are slower- easier to identify and file away in his mind palace. He reaches across the bed and wraps his fingers around John’s, bringing their hands up to his lips and brushing the ghost of a kiss across John’s knuckles. The doctor’s eyes flutter closed; smile still perched on the edge of his lips; the echo of a gentle squeeze on Sherlock’s palm. There is the mutual understanding that whatever this is, whatever place they are both falling to, they are doing it together. There is no rush— no grand declarations of love or frenzied kisses in the stairwell, only the gentle agreement to follow each other wherever this leads. Sherlock knows, as he drifts slowly into the arms of sleep, that as long as he has a say, a hero’s death will not await them both.
"Sure. As long as you don't bring my sex life up again." John can't help but say it with a smirk, wondering how Sherlock would have reacted if he were here. Lestrade mirrors him, closing the file in front of him and shoving it on an increasingly large pile beside him.
John swallows as he looks the body up and down, preparing for the possibility of an adverse reaction. It doesn't come. He had expected to feel a wave of nausea or the flash of memories past, but instead, he feels incredibly normal. The sight of the dead woman doesn't bother him — it's just another corpse in the endless parade.
"Ha. Sherlock is hardly ever not on a case, so there's no chance there." He scratches at his face, contemplating something. "We're friends, even if he won't admit it, but we don't socialise in the traditional sense. Before you, I didn't think he ever socialised with anyone. I miss just grabbing a pint with someone. Speaking of—" Lestrade takes the beers from the barmaid, handing one to John and spilling a bit of his own over the floor.
"Yeah. And it was from before I realised I was bi, which I think hit a nerve. Sherlock seems convinced that I'm going to leave him for someone else."
"Oh, she's got a bit of a thing for him is all. Not sure he's noticed, bless her. Seems a bit oblivious to it all."
"Oh, don't strain yourself. You'll only make this harder." She croons, increasing the pressure of the blade with the last word. John winces as it cuts through his clothes and scrapes at his skin. She runs an outline over his chest, tracing the shape with the edge of her blade, before pushing harder.
He makes his way over to the bar, orders a beer, and beelines for the nearest empty table. He'll stay for one drink, he bargains with himself, then leave.
"John Watson!" He bellows as he enters the pub, pulling John into a tight hug. "How long has it been? Eight years?"
It’s disconcerting seeing her, like finding a teacher outside of school. She doesn’t fit this narrative; this is not the person I believed her to be. Yet here she is, completely at ease with the prospect of killing a man.
John reluctantly heads home that night and immediately packs up his few belongings, then moves to sit in the hallway to steal his neighbour's WiFi and e-mail notice of leave to his landlord. He makes his blog public after a glass of brandy and simultaneously hopes no-one and everyone will read it. If he had internet inside the bedsit, he's sure he would be checking the hit counter every few minutes, but it's cold in the hallway, so he stays tucked safely in his bed. Sherlock texts him around midnight.
His muscles screaming, blood dripping from every surface, he throws all his weight at the creature weighing him down. His feet find purchase before it has time to pounce again, and he pushes the last amount of strength he has into falling forwards into the door. It swings open, hinges creaking in protestation, and then darkness swallows him.
The violin. Sherlock's violin lies blackened in front of the fireplace; charcoal from the flames. Something catches in John's throat, and his brain stalls, the violin the only image stuck in his brain.
Now, lying in bed, his mind still buzzing with static adrenaline, John turns the events over and over in his mind. Sherlock’s panic when he’d thought John was Moriarty; the sharp stab of the needle in John’s neck when he was abducted from the street; the wordless agreement to burn together in the name of justice. The last part keeps sticking in John’s mind. How ready he had been to give his life over to Sherlock. Of all the things they’d been through that evening, this was the part which scared John the most.
My lungs relax a little at the fresh air outside. We walk in silence towards the main road, Mary continually trying to catch up with me- grasping at my hand each time she gets close as if that will magically fix everything. I snatch it away each time, walking fast to keep out of pace with her. Sherlock keeps two strides ahead, and I have to keep reminding myself that he’s been shot. He hides his pain well, but I see him wince as he hails a cab.
They spend the rest of the cab ride in silence, Sherlock tapping his fingers nervously against his leg. When the taxi stops outside St Mary’s, Sherlock rushes out- leaving Lestrade to pay.
Sherlock smirks and keeps trawling through the phones. John resists the urge to lean over and kiss him.
John sighs and Lestrade's smile spreads into a grin. He had hoped it wasn't quite so obvious, at least not to anyone but Sherlock, but there's no point denying it now. He can feel fists forming at his hips, but he forces himself to relax. This is just office chit-chat. There's nothing wrong here.
"I met him at a bar. Said he worked at Barts." Better not to tell Mike the whole truth. As it is, Mike's mouth flattens, and a flash of hurt crosses his eyes. "I remembered you worked there and thought I should get in touch. For old time's sake." The lie easily drips off John's tongue, and Mike's face softens again.
“Of course, Sherlock.” Lestrade gestures to the officer, and they make their way out of the room- closing the door softly behind them.
"You're just bitter because we caught her before you had a chance to solve it." Lestrade interrupts. "Admit it."
“Thank you for saying it,” Sherlock whispers. I smile, taking his hand in mine. He gives it a squeeze, and closes his eyes.
John stands and pulls the detective up into a tight embrace. Sherlock wraps his arms around John's waist, and he feels every muscle in his torso relax at the touch.
"I still have a lot to figure out. It's going to take time to become comfortable with the person I am now, but you make it easier." Gone is the waiver of frustration and breathless rambling. "It doesn't seem quite so scary, when I'm with you."
"You said it yourself, none of the bodies looked like they'd struggled. Combined with the asphyxiation, it looks as if they've been drugged. That suggests pre-meditation."
"It's dangerous to assume without all the facts, but it's a possibility." The cab door snaps shut behind them, and Sherlock immediately whips out his phone, the dim glow of the screen spotlighting his face. "It's a chain, and Joseph Rookwood was clearly a bodybuilder; he must have gone somewhere."
John finds his heart lurching each time he hears the ringtone. He makes a habit of carrying his phone around in his pocket, within reaching distance the second the screen lights up with a new message. There are periods where there is nothing; empty silence on the end of the line, and, in these moments, John feels his skin begin to twitch again. The storm in his head creeps into the spaces between, analysing himself from all angles. But then another text arrives and it's quiet once more. God, he feels sixteen again, hanging onto Tiana Rose's every word. It's been a long time since he was excited about someone like this; at least before his deployment. He's had girlfriends, plenty of those, but sometimes they were just people to pass the time; women he found attractive that wanted him back. The last time he was this captivated with someone was in his third year of university. Mary Morstan. They started as friendly rivals in their army training group, constantly trying to best each other in the fitness tests and clinical skills lab. It helped to have someone else's score to aspire towards, rather than trying to beat his own times. The pair fell into an easy friendship, hanging out after classes and studying together in the library. Eventually, it became something more, both of them easing into the other's bed as if it were the most natural thing in the world. They fought and fucked and laughed and cried together, but it was the most real thing John had. It was amazing to have someone to lean back on; another person who understood his drive and journey in life. Unfortunately, that was also their downfall.
"Do the zodiac symbols mean anything? Is there a pattern to which one is on each body?" John asks, trying to keep his mind off how tauntingly close they are sat.
“One!” He scans the room, and his eyes widen at the realisation that everyone here is in a couple. Mycroft and Lestrade, Molly and her boyfriend; even Mrs Hudson has brought Mr Chatterjee from downstairs, despite the wife in Doncaster.
Lestrade turns and looks him up and down. John pointedly doesn't turn to meet his gaze, instead focusing on a patch of grass a few metres away from the crouching Sherlock.
It's a Sunday morning before they see each other in person again. John wakes to a flurry of messages, one after the other.
He's seeing a therapist — Ella — having been bumped to the top of the waiting list. Special perks of an army discharge. It's early days, and she's given him endless coping mechanisms and space to talk about the void he holds inside, but so far, nothing seems to be helping. As a medical professional, he knows these things take time — he just needs to trust her. As John, he's fed up.
John's reply is interrupted by the man in question striding back over to meet them. He doesn’t wait until he’s stood completely in front of them before he starts speaking, his voice laced with a hint of annoyance.
Sherlock lifts the police tape up as they approach, allowing John to walk straight under. They get halfway to the body before a police officer stops them.
After a month of no results, it's a relief to be within reaching distance of the truth. Sherlock's baseline restlessness was starting to become stifling when mixed with his building frustration. John reasons that any state of calm won't last long, but it will make a change from the constant thrum of energy in the flat. He's enjoyed it, the anticipation of the next development. Still, the increased frequency of Sherlock's chagrin is starting to drain both of them.
"Sergeant Donovan will be taking notes if that's alright by you. We're just going to ask you a few questions, then I'll let you speak freely about any information you have."
The bar is busy for a Thursday night. This time, John is prepared. He beelined for a specific table as soon as they entered, leaving Sherlock to head to the bar and order their drinks.
He pulls himself from the trance and follows the river towards Scotland Yard. The wind is harsh on his skin, and the air has the frosty bite of winter. It's not as cold as it had been — winter is quickly fading into spring — but it makes a welcome change from the scorching dry heat of Afghanistan. His second home; another place where he felt he belonged more than any other, now tainted with the memories of pain and blood and death. The cold was good. Cold was safe.
“This can wait. We’re taking you to a hospital.” Sherlock’s eyes plead with me, but he doesn’t have enough strength to argue.
It isn’t that I haven’t noticed what’s happening between us — on the contrary, I am constantly aware of the energy in the room; static electricity builds with each staring match, each brush of skin or invasion of space. It laces adrenaline-filled moments after a case, the unspoken question hanging between us —
After what feels like an hour, but in reality was only half the time, he steps out of the shower. His hands reach to the left on instinct- to where the towel rack normally is in 221B. He panics for a second, thinking he’s forgotten a towel- but Mrs Hudson has left one in the bottom of the bag for him. He should really let that woman know how much he appreciates her.
John drops his gaze to his glass, staring at the bottom as if some answers will magically be revealed.
And that is why, when faced with a man who had reigned more malicious destruction than any other individual he’s met, he had been perfectly content to give his life to stop him. But it was Sherlock who’d allowed him to be the person he’d wished he could be, so it was Sherlock he trusted more than anyone to carry out the deed. Sherlock, who apparently needed him.
Each time he was given leave, he'd spend a week or so with Harry and his mum, before making his way back to London. He savoured the moments when he'd step off the train and inhale the first lungful of London air; it tasted like home.
Without bothering to check the time, I dial the number. He answers almost immediately as if he’s been holding the phone, waiting for my call.
“I spent years in the middle of a war zone. I chase adrenaline as if I need it to breathe, but in all my life, I have only ever met one person I was ready to hand my life to without question. Why was it you?”
From then on, he found himself drifting further and further away until he stopped contacting them altogether. He could have been dead, for all they knew. He very nearly was.
The bodies are becoming more frequent, and Sherlock still hasn't solved it. John curses under his breath, annoyed at himself for not realising it sooner. Compared to the other cases they've had, this is by far the longest. Four bodies in and they still have no suspects. John feels comfortable knowing that the yard has people working on it, but he's starting to realise the effect it's having on Sherlock. He's been distracted, focusing too heavily on the unfolding of their relationship, but it must be driving Sherlock wild.
He turns to the source of his name; a grey-bathed woman on the far side of the room. The blue of her lanyard stands out brightly against the dull colour of her dress.
"Oh, it's no worries, John. I understand. Queen and country and all. You need to meet Liz though, you'd both get on like a house on fire."
"I know," Sherlock agrees, but there's a smug grin plastered to his face. He grabs his laptop from the sofa and pulls up the phone software, cross-checking matches between the victims.
"Can you tell us anything else about the victim?" Lestrade asks, pushing the photo back into the folder and closing it up.
After a few minutes of idle chatter, the white-shirted stranger loses interest and flags the barmaid over. She's dressed entirely in black with cropped brown hair; almost disappearing altogether in the room of vibrantly dressed men.
“Because you want to.” It comes out as a purr, and I swear my knees almost buckle. I walk slowly towards his chair, praying that they won’t give out before I get there.
These last three months, whilst different than the years of sand and heat, have given him more fulfilment than sewing broken bodies back together. He loved his time in the army; is adamant that it was the right choice for him, but there is a difference between patching up soldiers that walked in the way of bullets and helping people to whom bad luck had fallen. Jeff Hope destroyed the lives of at least four people, and John could directly see the lives they’d saved by stopping him. So many families received justice because of the cases they’d solved; the people they’d caught. Their effect was visceral, whereas, in the barren desert of Afghanistan, he had often felt that they were creating more unrest than they were preventing. He stopped people from dying, but he wasn’t saving their lives.
"Like what?" Sherlock challenges, but there is no curiosity in his tone. The words are playful, a gentle nudge of encouragement from one man to another. It sends a shiver down John's spine, settling in the base of his groin.
"She's only just been found. It's unlikely to be hers, but I'll have to wait for a DNA check to be sure."
“Good morning, I suppose,” Sherlock muttered and closed his eyes, losing himself in the scent of John’s shampoo. He was still trying to convince John to buy better hair care products, albeit unsuccessfully.
His eyes scan frantically around the room, cataloguing all of the broken pieces of his life, left here to rot. His vision starts to swim, overwhelmed with the quantity, until he sees something that makes him stop.
"I know, Sherlock, but I can't let you access that kind of information. I don't even have the right clearance, only the guys down in tech do." He grabs the elastic bands from Sherlock's grip, shoving them back in his drawer. "They'll trace the account back to its owner, and we'll be able to pick them up tomorrow."
“Five!” Something is definitely wrong, but how can John be feeling upset and affectionate at the same time? Unless he is upset because of the affection. Very possible. Perhaps John is in love with something but is upset that he feels this way. What could he possibly love, that would bring him so much sadness?
The idea for this advent calendar was something my parents did for eachother a few years ago. I thought it was adorable, and definitely something John would do
Disclaimer: I have never made fake snow before. I might try it this season, just to see how it works! This recipe is real though. You essentially just mix shaving cream and baking soda together, with a few drops of essential oil to make it smell nice.
“More or less. They still want to question us about Moriarty, and technically John’s still under arrest for punching the chief superintendent, but I’m sure Mycroft will have that cleared up soon.”
John is left with an empty feeling inside as he descends the steps to the station. He pats his pocket for his oyster card, before giving up and using his credit card as the queue builds behind him. The curly-haired stranger lingers in his mind all the way home, and it's not until he disembarks at Edgware that he realises, far too late, that he'd never told the man his name.
“I stand by what I said.” They giggle. Mrs Hudson feels warm against his shoulder, and he’s not ready for her to leave quite yet. He’d forgotten, before John, how much he enjoys the physical affection of others.
"Essentially. Either the killer is doing it on purpose, which seems unlikely as Scarlett had a girlfriend, or it's a side effect of how they're being selected."
I still find myself slipping into old habits and I kick myself for it every time. Correcting Sebastian Wilkes had been a knee jerk reaction; I put up walls because I became scared he could see what was happening between us before I had gotten my head around where Sherlock and I were headed.
“I haven’t forgiven you for leaving. It hurt more than anything to watch you die in front of me. Every night when I close my eyes I see you hitting the pavement-” My voice catches in my throat, but I swallow and push on. “It’s going to take a long time for me to forgive you for that. But I want to. I love you. I know you know that, probably longer than I have, but I need to say it out loud.”
We spend the rest of the morning just chatting, catching up on lost time, and when I finally leave something feels like it’s slotted into place.
"Thank you," John whispers. About what specifically, he's not sure. For saving his life? Most definitely. Not just this time, but for finding him in a bar all those months ago; for stealing his Oyster card and leaving him a mystery to solve. For saying it could be dangerous; dragging him to crime scenes and showing him that life outside Afghanistan is not a monotony. For allowing him to reconnect with people on the outside. For never asking him to relay each gory detail of his service, but holding him tightly when he did. For giving John the space to understand himself; this version of him that overwhelmed him for so long.
Sherlock busied himself with opening the gift, trying to ignore the fluttering butterflies in his stomach. Inside the box was a scalpel handle, engraved with his name, and a brand new blade.
“The trains aren’t running at this hour, I’ll be back at midday. You’ll live until then.” He makes a noise like he’s unconvinced, but doesn’t push it. I am tempted, so tempted, to just pack my bag and slip into the night — to call a cab and be back in London by morning. If I was alone, I probably would, but it wouldn’t be fair on Harry.
A ghost of a smirk passes Sherlock's lips, and he shakes his head before reaching out to hand John the glass of water that was sitting beside his bed.
Sherlock Holmes. He turns the name over in his head all the way home. It's old fashioned, and it fits strangely in John's mouth, but he likes it. It seems to suit the mysterious stranger. At least now he knows that Sherlock Holmes probably didn't murder Daniel Murphy — not if the police actually know him. He contemplates the possibility — had he ever suspected the man of killing Murphy? It had crossed his mind, briefly, but he seemed to dismiss it out of principle. Too quickly, perhaps.
Sherlock turned to grab the kettle, only to find it smothered in shaving cream snow. A smile tugged at his lips, remembering Rosie’s joyful face as she flung handfuls of snow around the room.
“A hello might have been nice.” I can’t help but mirror him, the corner of my mouth pulling up of its own accord. The air is crackling again, months of pent up energy building between us.
"I was terrified I was going to lose you." He almost misses it, suspended on the edge of slumber, but he drags himself back long enough to reply.
"In here." The Sergeant opens the door to her left, holding it open by the handle whilst staying outside of the room. "I'll be back in a moment."
"Curly black hair, high cheekbones, very tall — he was wearing a suit and one of those Belstaff coats, you know the really thick ones."
"Thank you for coming, Dr Watson. I'm Detective Inspector Lestrade, lead investigator on the Daniel Murphy case."
This is the longest either of us have been apart. A week away in Brighton, visiting Harry, and it’s almost too much to bear. His absence is loud; each time Harry speaks I expect to hear his baritone voice beside me, calling her out on her bullshit and reading the truth from her clothes. Or perhaps, confirming that this time is different, that her sobriety will stick. It certainly feels like it. It jars me each time the voice doesn’t come.
John makes a note of the helpline and steps out the door onto the quickly darkening street. His call is answered on the tenth ring, and he's instructed that he has an appointment to see a Detective Inspector Lestrade from Scotland Yard at 8.00 am tomorrow. He chuckles to himself when the voice queries if eight is too early; he's lucky if he sleeps past four these days.
Was that how John felt? That his life was Sherlock’s do to with as he pleased? Sherlock is sure he should be flattered, but that isn’t the case. It’s unsettling that John trusted him to keep them alive when Sherlock himself had been so terrified. John was the one who normally nagged him to take care of himself; who made him plates of food on his bad days, and placed cups of tea at his elbow to make him drink. John was constantly keeping Sherlock alive, and now the tables have turned, he doesn’t know how comfortable he is at the idea that John has such implicit faith in him.
“Army pensions don't pay very much, and, given what you're wearing, you must not have an alternative source of cash. You've tried to make an effort — styling your hair and wearing nice clothing — but each item is over two years old. Bought in charity shops, or leftover from your last period of leave. You can't afford to buy new clothing, and no-one has gifted you any. So the likelihood is you live alone, without a close family to support you."
“I wanted you to hear the whole story. I deduced most of it after she shot me, but I wanted you to hear it first hand. So you know who she really is.”
"Hey," John calls out, his voice sounding loud in the semi-darkness. Sherlock gives a soft grunt in reply. "Look, can we talk?"
John isn't sure who initiates it, but between one heartbeat and the next they become entwined, one breath bleeding into the other. Steady hands guide him backwards, and their walk feels like a dance towards the open bedroom door.
"What do you want me to say, John?" Sherlock explodes, "That's fine if you realise you've had enough of me? If you decide to run back to women because this isn't all you thought it would be?"
"Seriously? It's not a big deal. I don't understand why you're overreacting." John lets out a sigh and closes his book, resting it on the arm of the chair.
Sherlock stands and walks over to John's chair. He crouches in front of the doctor, taking John's hands in his own, running a thumb over his palms to relax the muscles. John hadn't realised how hard he was clenching them until his fists are released, sending waves of relief along his wrists.
"I'm coming." The words are bearly loud enough to pass his lips, but they are a promise. I'm coming to find you. Wait for me.
John nods, and they spend the rest of the afternoon in easy conversation; years worth of catching up to do. He tries to keep the conversation away from himself and his deployment, not wanting to relive the moments with someone who can't quite grasp the gravity of them. John keeps his answers about Afghanistan short, quickly segueing into safer areas of conversation. He's become so good at it that Mike barely notices he doesn't quite answer his questions. They talk about Harry, the state of her marriage and the return of her alcoholism. Out of everything, this is one area he doesn't feel awkward talking to Mike about. He was there at its worst — there isn't much he can say that Mike doesn't already know.
"Sherlock, talk to me." He stands, taking a tentative step towards the detective. "Why did it bother you so much?"
They pull apart, and John tries to smile like he's just greeted an old friend. He's not sure it doesn't look like a grimace, but the man smiles back all the same.
She watches me, not like someone in love who did wrong, or someone who seeks forgiveness, but with cold curiosity. Her gaze is calculating, waiting to see what I do next. I’ve seen it before. It’s how Moriarty watches Sherlock. Dark obsession. Mary isn’t apologetic- she’s not here to make things right. She’s here to protect herself. The Mary I fell in love with is never coming back- if she ever existed at all.
The library is busy when he arrives — filled with students and families — but he finds a quiet spot in a dusty corner. The chair scrapes against the floor when he pulls it out, and his laptop is very slow, but he diligently types 'Sherlock Holmes' into the search bar. There can't be that many in the book. Sure enough, the first result proves fruitful.
John stays sat in stunned silence, pieces of the problem clicking into place. It makes sense Sherlock would lash out if he was so afraid of John leaving. It's the very thing John's been guilty of these past few years — pushing people away to reduce the pain when they inevitably leave.
“Three!” Had John felt this way, the whole time, and Sherlock had been too caught in his own self-preservation to see it? Because it’s there alright—now he knows what to look for, the attraction is plastered all over John’s body, as clear as day.
"Yes. Isn't it wonderful?" Sherlock's eyes light up, a devious grin spreading across his face. He steps over the coffee table again and grabs his coat from one of the armchairs by the fire, swirling it dramatically around him as he pulls it on.
, he reasons with himself. Once Sherlock has returned from the single-minded obsession with this zodiac killer, he'll make a move.
"On top of this, the internal questions I had squashed over the last few years raised their head again. Feelings I'd tried never to look too closely at suddenly had a name. So I thought, okay, I might be attracted to more than just women, which is terrifying to figure out when you've already lived three decades. You're supposed to know who you are, by then. I started to wonder what else I was wrong about. I dug around inside myself, and I'm not quite sure what I found, but it was beautiful and terrifying all at the same time. Being unemployed, I had so many empty hours, and all I could do was think and think, turning my feelings over in my head, hoping that they'd start to make sense. Then suddenly, there's you."
"If you want it." Sherlock’s voice dips mid-sentence, a shadow of apprehension creeping into his words.
They snap open, desperate to hear the voice again, and just as he begins to think he's imagined it --
Lestrade gives a nervous huff of laughter, running his palms along the top of his trousers. "You owe me another one then."
There’s a comfortable silence settling around us, and I wonder how long we could go without speaking, just listening to the sounds of each others breathing. At home, we regularly do; comfortable enough in each-others company just to simply exist in a shared space.
Sherlock’s stomach lurches as if he’s been punched. Was it not obvious? Did John not see his worth? If John believes that he is merely following Sherlock around, chasing his coattails and gently observing at crime scenes, then Sherlock needs to change his tact. There has never been anyone he needs more than John Watson.
"I knew something was bothering me about the victims. Look at them. Most of them, except Scarlett, are single. I know there are only five of them, so the statistics aren’t perfect, but it’s still a lead."
“Think about it; you don’t actively seek activities that would give you an adrenaline rush. You don’t do extreme sports, most of your life is very ordinary— except for when someone else needs you. Then you step up; put yourself in situations that you otherwise wouldn’t. It’s why you joined the army, and it’s why you stayed with me.”
They stop outside the entrance to Piccadilly Circus station, pulled to the side to let the crowds past.
"It's almost as if the killer found them on the app without ever actually contacting them." John murmurs. He means it as an off-hand comment, expecting to be shot down, but the hands in his hair still.
“What have I ever done...hmm? My whole life... to deserve you?” I’m not sure who I’m directing it to.
"Whoah, where did that come from? Is that what you think — that this is just for show? One day I'll wake up and go, 'Nah, I think I'm done with blokes, I'll go find a nice woman to shag instead.' "
John glances around him before walking further into the ally, scanning the tarmac for any sign that someone could have died here. Sure enough, the middle of the road is a little brighter than the edges — dust lifted from excess scrubbing. John squats down to take a closer look, running his finger along the tarmac in the hope that it will reveal its secrets. He feels it then — the heavy presence of death in the air. He's not sure if it's a natural phenomenon, or merely a trick his brain does to fill in space, but the air becomes thick and hot around him. It pushes on his skin; clogs up his lungs.
"Oh, yes." John slides his driver's licence out of his pocket, and the receptionist merely glances at it before handing him a scarlet shaded lanyard. John loops it around his neck, the plastic card declaring ‘visitor’ sitting snugly against his chest.
"Ecliptic is another word for the line the zodiac constellations form in the sky. The position of the sun in relation to this line is how people used to be to tell what season it was. It's where the concept of astrology comes from."
He catches his breath, relaxing his shoulders and rubbing small circles into Sherlock's back. There are prickles of moisture in the corner of his eyes, but he blinks them away. He's not upset, nor angry at the world around him, but rather relieved that after months, maybe years, he's been able to release his burden.
He has looked death in the face before, far too many times, but the sureness he’d had in the second before he nodded to Sherlock was new. There was no hesitation, no desire to run; he had merely looked up at his friend and known how far he was willing to go. Even in Afghanistan, he had never felt so calm at the prospect of dying. Each time they were out on the field, his stomach would leap, and his heart would threaten to burst against his sternum, loudly protesting his apparent death wish. Yet with snipers trained on himself and Sherlock, his heart had been utterly steady. If death were to come to him at the hands of a madman, with Sherlock by his side, he was ready. John can’t decide why it was different.
"I can picture the blog post now. 'Police arrest killer by mistake, Sherlock Holmes goes out of business'. "
Sherlock stands at the window, facing out onto the street; violin raised to his chin. He rushes the last few notes, letting the instrument fall to his thigh as he taps the bow on his shoulder.
John scrolls down various articles listing the numerous types of tobacco ash, and how to identify someone's profession by their left thumb. He stares a little at his own, unable to see the distinctive marks of a surgeon carved over the skin. Still, Sherlock had seemed to be able to find them. Most of the articles are interesting ideas, if not tedious to read. John is reminded of his university days, scrolling through endless scientific articles for his research projects.
John watches with faint amusement as Sherlock crouches low and examines every inch of the corpse. It's odd seeing six foot of gangly detective folded so close to the ground. Yet most people, John thinks, would look clumsy — awkwardly avoiding stepping in blood puddles. But Sherlock looks almost graceful. He knows where every inch of his body is, carefully balancing his centre of gravity to hover over the body without touching it. It's beautiful to watch.
"That's the frailty of genius, John. It requires an audience. Serial killers almost always want to be caught. They get cocky, the sense of danger from leaving clues is almost as good as the actual kill. Hiding in plain sight."
Sherlock pulls a face that implies he's unhappy about the assumption but doesn't say anything, instead extracting a collapsible magnifying glass from his pocket and beginning to examine the body.
“But I want you now.” It’s said so quickly I wonder if he has misspoken; some late-night Freudian slip. My smile doesn’t stop at my lips, it covers my face and I am so grateful that Sherlock can’t see me right now.
He dresses quickly, only stopping long enough to wolf down some cereal and grab an apple off the counter. He finishes it on the way to the station, boarding at East Finchley, changing at Kings Cross onto the circle line. His hands begin to clench again, nerves starting to get the better of him. He shakes them out as he walks down Baker Street, scanning the building doors for numbers. There, at the far end, it's door standing proud against the beige building, is 221.
Slowly, he brings his knees to his chest and tries to stand, but something pushes him down. A firm pressure weighs on his spine, and a deep rumble reverberates in his ears. His attacker, thwarting his final move. It would be easy to stop here. Let himself be pinned here forever.
“I miss you.” It comes out as a whisper, and I wish I’d been more confident; sounded more deliberate. At first there’s no reply and my stomach does a backflip, regretting the obviousness of my words.
They arrested a James Walker on the morning of the 20th. As it turns out, he had been selecting victims during the train journey on his evening commute, and following them home. The strange key found on the first victim was a souvenir from the last; each body had an item on them from the last person he’d killed. John needed to remind Sherlock frequently that whilst he might find that idea ‘neat’, it was not appropriate to announce that to the yard.
Sherlock is released from police custody at 12.43 pm. He takes particular note of the time, counting fifteen hours and twenty minutes since John had first collapsed. He hasn’t slept- how could he, when John was in danger.
Mary was a year above, so she completed her officer training before John. The night before she left, they held each other tight and promised to never forget. And that was it for them. Neither wanted to ruin their experience with the empty promise of maintaining a relationship across borders and war zones.
Sherlock rolls his eyes, turning back to the myriad of papers stuck to the wall. It's grown since John last looked at it. Now the edges are sprawling almost to the ceiling.
He settles himself on the floor in the clear island of space between the chaos. He can't understand Sherlock's organisational system, but he reads through the papers nearest to him. He can't kid himself that he'll see something Sherlock hasn't already, but he's curious as to how far the detective has got. Something snags in the back of his mind, but he can't place his finger on what it is. It's on the tip of his tongue, threatening to break free from his lips, but his mind can't quite focus on the words.
At just past midnight, he excuses himself from the flat, planning to catch some sleep before his morning shift at the surgery. Instead, he finds himself staring at the ceiling, his brain refusing to relax. He's unsure of his place in this arrangement. What is it that Sherlock needs from him? They're still tiptoeing around each other, both painfully aware of the sparking tension between them but neither wanting to take the first step. At first, it was fun, navigating their boundaries and casually flirting, but now it's becoming exhausting. He wants more — wants to take more, but somehow he can't bring himself to do it. If this were anyone else, he would have gone for it, best foot forward, but Sherlock feels different. It's not just that he's a bloke — which if he's honest, John admits his lack of experience in that field is adding to his anxiety — it's that he's Sherlock. This isn't some quick fix, there's no way he can rush something this unique. John is terrified of fucking up, losing Sherlock altogether, rather than gaining something more. But he can't go on like this.
"Yes." John blurts, unable to tame his tongue. The corners of his mouth curl, and across the morning-dressed room, Sherlock’s give an echoing twitch.
John sits on the visitor's chair, his hand clenched in his lap. He wants to go over to Sherlock, sitting at the desk, and kiss away the worry lines that have accumulated at his brow. More than anything, John wants to wrap the detective in his arms and assure him that everything is okay. They might not have any new leads, but they have Sherlock's brain, and if anyone can solve the case, he can. Instead, he stays sat in the chair, ignoring the hunger pangs eating at his stomach and running through the details of the case in a desperate attempt to find a lead Sherlock could have missed.
“Kiss me.” He says again, this time cocking his head with a smug smile perched on his lips. I regain control, this time able to consider the words instead of blurting them out.
Exhaustion starts to prickle around John’s eyes. He tries to let them drift closed, but the second darkness descends he hears the sing-song taunts of Moriarty echo through the room. The scent of chlorine sticks in his nose, and he whimpers as his eyes snap open.
"It just felt so pointless. People I'd known for years — snuffed out just like that. Over what? Absolutely nothing." He lets out a breath through his nose, eyes squeezed tightly shut. "I tried to help them, but they died faster than my hands could work. And then it was too late."
Had this been a mistake? Moving in with the man before actually having a relationship? He'd felt like they knew each other — that they'd been on the same page the entire time. Apparently not. Was it all moving too fast?
He considers going over there, confronting the man with his name and his website — but concludes that would be far too forward. He'd probably come across like a stalker. He scours the rest of the website for clues, small insights into the man's life, but finds nothing but databases and scathing critiques of human behaviour.
With the reassurance, Sherlock's fingers resume their journey as if uninterrupted, the touch a fragment lighter than before.
"What do you think?" Sherlock asks. There's a bite in his voice, and it makes something inside John wither. He gives the body a brief once over, checking for correlations to the others, before stepping back again.
“Where is she now?” His fingers twitch towards his central line, as if wanting to rip it out, before deciding better of it. Instead, he closes his eyes and sinks back into the pillow.
"I was in the area. I happened to see you." Sherlock looks pointedly at where John's hand still hovers at his hip. John drops it, clenching it into a fist at his side.
Donovan's fingers flutter over the laptop keys, her eyes darting back and forth across the screen. The glow from it lights up her face, casting dark shadows under her chin and jawline.
“Say please” I murmur into his ear, my hand running over his neck and through the nape of his hair. He turns, only slightly, to catch my gaze. His eyes seem to melt in front of me, and it takes all my self-restraint not to take everything all at once. To consume him, and let him devour me in return.
"Mrs Hudson said there's another bedroom upstairs." John's eyes flicker to the staircase as he says it. He's never seen the other room, always staying within the confines of the second floor when he'd visited previously.
Sherlock emerges from his room close to nine, ignoring John as he flicks the kettle on and pointedly only pulls one mug from the cupboard. They stay in icy silence all morning, existing in their own bubbles until Sherlock finally gets dressed. He stops in the living room doorway, seemingly contemplating his words.
. The way you hold yourself says military, but the location of your injury and the lack of calluses on your hands suggests a medic rather than a standard soldier. When I hugged you I felt the ridge of a scar on your shoulder — given its size and scarring pattern you were most likely shot from the back, indicating you were bent over a patient in the field when you were shot. You flinched when I brushed against it, so it's only recently healed — you must have only returned home in the past few weeks then. You were at the bar alone, not scanning the crowd or waiting to meet anyone. The table you chose was hard to see from the door — if you were meeting someone you'd have chosen one closer so they could find you easily. Most people don't go to new places alone, so you must be isolated. You kept looking around, taking in every detail of the space — a nervous habit from time in the military. You're anxious in new surroundings, so you catalogue the area in case you need to make an escape. Thus, new to the gay scene.
"Okay, now you're scaring me. You're getting too sentimental." The grin pulls at John's lips, and Sherlock can't help but mirror it. "Here, get in."
"He looks exactly the same as the rest. Asphyxiation by choking on his vomit, the symbol was cut through the clothes whilst he was still alive. No signs of a struggle."
“Kiss me.” He speaks in a flat tone as if it’s the most natural thing to greet your flatmate with. My brain hitches, stumbling over the sentence.
The sofa is hell on his shoulder, but John can't swallow his pride long enough to climb into bed. He briefly considers the bed upstairs, but that feels too far away. He’s not even sure what’s up there. He sleeps in fits and starts, eventually rising at six when he dresses back into his clothes from the day before.
Sherlock Holmes was the first person who really saw me; saw through the limp and the facade of coping, and reminded me that I was always whole. I hadn’t been broken by my invalidation, I had simply changed. The adrenaline junky, problem solving, justice-seeking John Watson was still within me, just buried by layers of grief. Sherlock gave me the greatest gift of all; myself.
St Bartholomew’s then — it's the only place he can think of that Molly could be referring to. John smiles to himself, not caring what the people around him think. Sherlock was not the only one who got to know everything.
"Well, like I said he hardly talks to anyone. If he does, it's only to deduce them to an inch of their life. Some kind of defence mechanism, I suppose.” He gives a sharp chuckle. “Spends hours locked away in one of the labs upstairs — it's the one I use, which is why I know him — conducting all kinds of experiments. I'm sure I've seen him using human body parts occasionally." Mike seems to shudder at the thought of it, despite being a medical professor. Which leaves John to wonder — what kind of experiments has Sherlock been doing?
“You need to wake up, John. I can’t- I can’t do this again. I need you.” He takes a shaky breath and reaches out to take John’s hand in his. It’s cold.
John leans against a tree opposite New Scotland Yard, doing his best to look casual. At half-past six on the dot, Lestrade emerges from the building with his coat draped over his arms.
Sherlock doesn’t answer, already knowing that I understand the reality. Mary thinks she fell in love and is manipulating me to keep me in her life. Somehow, that seems more evil than the alternative.
"So I've been told." He types furiously, creating some sort of algorithm to filter through the hundreds of matches between each victim. "There! Ami Lee. Matched with Underwood, Rookwood, McKenna, Patterson and Murphy. And if I have a look — there. They matched with Todd too."
"I don't know." Sherlock scowls, but keeps his hand in John's hair. John leans into the touch, wondering how he'd ever thought this would stop completely during a case. Sherlock is incredibly tactile, and when working he's filled with uncontained energy that needs to go somewhere. Before their relationship, he'd keep himself moving — tapping his foot or playing with the objects around him to keep his hands busy. But now he has John. Sherlock can focus his energy into the army doctor, whilst leaving his brain free to process the details of the case. It's a welcome arrangement for both parties.
Logically, I know that the thing that’s building between us is mutual, I can practically feel his eyes raking over me when he thinks I’m not paying attention. My imagination is not vivid enough to create the tension that arises whenever I compliment him on crime scenes, or when he leans slightly too close. Still, I constantly doubt myself, part of me wondering if this is all some drawn-out experiment in human behaviour. It makes me hesitant, this doubt, to finally bridge the gap and give him the last part of myself that he doesn’t yet own. I am desperate to get this right, to prove that I’m here for the long haul. Desperate enough to wait when all I want to do is jump.
“I know what you’re planning.” I’m sat beside Sherlock’s bed in the hospital room, my chin resting on my knuckles. I can tell he’s awake. His breathing has become deeper, and his toes have started twitching beneath the blanket. This isn’t the first time he’s woken since they stabilised him, but now he should be conscious enough to remember.
The pub is busy, and it takes him a couple of trips around the room to find an empty table. He lays his jacket on the chair to claim it, before wandering back over to the bar to return the previous patrons empty glasses. He debates ordering two beers, but reasons that Lestrade's wouldn't still be cold by the time he arrived.
Sherlock says nothing for a moment, he simply sits and looks John up and down. After a long pause, where John starts to twitch with anticipation, he scratches his cheek and rests his chin on his knuckles.
Lestrade meets him in the foyer, looking exactly as Sherlock feels. When it becomes clear that Sherlock isn’t going to stop for him, he starts moving with him, half jogging to keep up with Sherlock’s long legs.
They spend the rest of the day interviewing family members and searching McKenna's place of residence. Sherlock's mood darkens as the hours tick past, irritated that no leads have appeared. By the time they finish, alone in Lestrade's office, he's worked himself into a fury.
Donovan snaps the laptop lid shut and crosses the room to open the door. John follows, pausing just before he exits the room.
The man's mouth curls at the edges and he lifts his coat collar up so it lies flush with his ridiculously long neck.
John nods, or dips his head in as close a nod he can manage, running his tongue over his teeth and gums. His mouth is dry, lips sticking to teeth as he tries to form words.
With a cry of pain, he pulls his body closer to the door, bracing himself for impact. He drags himself across the broken glass as fast as he can, yellow sand and blackened walls bleeding into each other. A growl echoes in his ears, the unknown attacker circling him, waiting to pounce. '
The cold air outside clears his head a little, but the relief is short-lived before another wave of nausea rolls over him. It takes all his concentration to put one foot in front of the other. He's herded down the street, away from the heaving pub, and down into a narrow alley off the main road. The path is lined with industrial bins, and the stranger pushes him behind one, hiding him from view of the main road.
Sherlock enters the room as quietly as he can. Mrs Hudson turns to look as he walks through the door, her eyes red with tears.
"Oh yeah, he comes in a lot. Strange fellow. Some sort of detective from what I can gather. Liaises with the police from time to time.” He passes his glass from one hand to the other. “I seem to be one of the only members of staff that he entertains. Well, me and Molly. Poor girl."
Another step. Desert. Another, 221. Desert, 221. He's gaining ground, each stride forward bringing him closer to the door — until something hits him, and he falls. Glass digs into his shins and wrists; blood drips steadily to the floor. His body is sprawled out on the blackened floorboards, less than a metre away from his goal. Ignoring the flash of pain running through his veins, he inches forwards, trying to get back onto his feet, but when surrounded by the relentless sun something bowls him over once more. He pauses, just for a second, trying to catch his breath, before edging forward again, using his arms to drag himself across the glass. In the corner of his eye, the dark figure lurks, crouched just out of focus. John turns his head to see it, but each time he moves it slinks further behind him, keeping out of reach. He stops, trying desperately to see what it is, but his eye can't focus long enough to get a proper view. It's animal-like, crouching low to the ground, but other than that, all he can see is a shadow. He rises to his feet, attempting to push forwards, but the attacker pounces on him again. His head smacks the ground and stars pop in his eyes.
"No, it's not very big. Scarlett used the twenty-four-hour one down on Camden Mews. Ecliptic Sun, I think it was called."
“Ten.” I reach for the jam, making a point of spreading it on the bread. Harry wrinkles her nose at me. The only reason she owns jam is because I brought it with me.
“John, are you okay?” Sherlock asks, selecting a glass of champagne and passing it to his blogger. John accepts it with a murmur of thanks, placing his now empty beer bottle on the counter.
After the fifth time John wrenches his eyes open, the doctor leaves, promising to check back on him later. Sherlock moves his hand so their fingers are entwined, his thumb running small circles over John's palm.
"Hello?!" He tries again, taking a step forward, only to find that the desert is gone. Instead, he is standing in the ruins of a building; the ground scorched black around him. He drops his hand to his thigh, noting the charred, peeling wallpaper, and the husks of burnt furniture surrounding him.
"What about workmen? They could get invited into the house, completely unknown to the victims, then maybe they could have followed them?"
"I almost got off at the wrong station, but I got here in the end. Bloody tube." He says. He's not lying — that had actually happened. It's been a while since he's used public transport, and he's sure it's become more complicated since the last time. The stranger's eyes crinkle at the edges, and he pulls off his coat, draping it over the back of his chair.
Sherlock blindly drops his glass in the direction of the table, wrapping his arms around John’s shoulders. This is beyond anything Sherlock has ever experienced. He has never shared people’s fascination with kissing, the odd obsession with pushing mouths together—but now, he understands. With John, fireworks explode behind his eyes and a deep warmth settles in his stomach. He could do this forever, devouring John, and letting himself be consumed in return.
Scarlett Underwood was found at six o’clock that morning by an elderly man walking his dog. He had been startled, to say the least, when the corgi had sprinted out of the bushes barking to high heaven; paws streaked with blood. Both the man and his dog are long gone by the time Sherlock and John arrive at the scene, but the bloody paw prints are still evident across the damp ground.
Finally, they break apart, both panting for breath. Sherlock’s gaze catches John’s, and he smirks at the doctor’s swollen lips and ruffled hair, creating a mental note to make John look like this as often as possible.
Sherlock is jumpy when they get out of the cab at Caledonian Road. It's a jarring transformation compared to the tranquillity of the past few days — the consulting detective is practically bouncing off the pavement, his eyes focusing unflinchingly on the beacon of blue tape in the distance. It takes a while for John to realise what's wrong.
She turns on her heel and leads him through a set of double doors, her trainers squeaking on the linoleum. The room beyond turns out to be an open-plan office, hundreds of people sat at computers, chattering into headpieces or typing furiously away at their keyboards. The mundanity of it makes John's head spin.
Sherlock's eyes widen a little at the edges, his wine glass hovering halfway between the table and his mouth.
"It was a routine mission, an investigation of a makeshift shelter near the base. I went with the squad, just as a precaution. We weren't expecting to find anything useful. We were ambushed; people were hiding in the trees and the brush, waiting for us to arrive. I've seen plenty of people shot before, operated on more than I can remember, but this time — this felt different."
"Bless you, you've lasted longer than most of them." She places her other hand on his cheek, brushing away a tear. "Here, I'll make it easier for you," She cuts faster, pushing further and further into the skin, her eyes widening with each new cry that escapes John's mouth.
"Of course I know about the blog, John. What else would all your notes be for? And I can tell by the marks on your wrists that you've been leaning at a desk, typing — "
"Why does Sergeant Donovan call him 'freak'?" John is surprised at himself when he blurts out the question. It hadn't been consciously on his lips — he never intended to ask. He swallows his surprise, however, trying to seem casual in his curiosity.
"Thank you for your time, Dr Watson. We'll be in touch if we need to speak to you again." John nods, pushing his chair back and lifting himself to his feet. The muscles in his back are still tight, but his skin is less twitchy from the adrenaline.
As he leaves the consulting room and the interview behind, he passes through the waiting room. It's empty now — only the echoes of coughs and colds left. Flickers of movement on the wall catch his eye, and his gaze is drawn to the television mounted there. BBC News is playing, running a story about a murder in Soho. He wouldn't have stopped; wouldn't have given it a second glance, but they show a photo of the victim: Daniel Murphy, aged 29.
"Hello." Sherlock smiles and leads the way up the stairs, taking them two at the time. John chuckles. When they enter the flat, he feels like he's seeing it for the first time. Everything is the same; papers cluttered over every surface, the sword in the centre of the table, Sherlock's violin abandoned in its case on the sofa, yet there's an odd quality to the room, as if everything has shifted slightly. It's
“How do you know she’s not working for someone?“ I am deflating. I know in my heart that if she were, we’d both be dead by now, but it’s harder to accept that she’s toying with me to her own advantage than because she’s been paid to.
"Yeah. You know, when you're on leave you don't have much time to date properly. This made it easier."
John doesn't realise he's staring until curly hair turns and catches his gaze, locking eyes and striding over. John panics a little. Did he think he was checking him out? He was, a little, but he's not quite ready to start picking people up in bars.
The staff are friendly at the clinic. They ask him about his deployment, worried that the mundanity of general practice will be too much for him. He reassures them that it won't be, but he knows he's lying. He's never been one for mundane, but he's in desperate need of the money. His mystery man was right; army pensions don't pay well. At the rate he's going, if he doesn't get work soon, he'll have to move out of London. John hopes it won't get that far.
“I’ll come and get you the second something changes.” Sherlock sighs, standing and making his way to the door. He is starting to feel rather uncomfortable in his clothes- he hasn’t changed since the morning of the Bruhl kidnappings. That was 48 hours ago. He’d been on the run, in a prison cell, and now in a dingy hospital room since then. Even he could smell that he was becoming a little ripe.
He’s aware, after a while, that the room has begun to quieten down, the excited chatter of the evening dulling into muffled whispers. He swears he even hears Mycroft cry out: “For God’s sake,” but he shuts it out, focusing on the body surrounding him.
John’s breath catches in his throat, and he lets his eyes drift closed. For the first time that evening, it is not the emotionless face of Moriarty imprinted on his eyelids, but the soft lines of his consulting detective. There is an easiness in the space between them, an invisible boundary that they have crossed. John is sure, for the first time, that he is not alone in the love that has started to well inside him. He doesn’t want to rush; to allow the lingering adrenaline to take control of the situation and lessen its meaning, but he feels settled knowing that he does not imagine the longing stares and electric sparks. When they are ready, they will be waiting for each other; silently promising to live.
Sherlock feels a tear roll down his cheek. One singular tear. He wipes it away and vows not to allow the floodgates to open. He will not cry for John Watson. Not yet.
"Is that any better?" Sherlock rumbles, his eyes still closed, basking in John's glow. He runs his hands around John's waist, lifting the fabric of his shirt slightly to brush at the skin beneath.
"Oh. I thought I'd deleted that." John's stomach becomes lighter, relief flooding through him. Nothing was wrong at all; Sherlock had just been startled to find John amongst the thousands of users.
"You," It comes out as a whispered breath, as he struggles to pull in enough air to fill his lungs. The woman smiles, smugness distorting her features — the barmaid. And then he realises why he recognised her. Rupert Street, that first night. She had served him his beer; hovered on the periphery of Sherlock and Daniel’s exchange. It would have been easy to slip him something, then escort him out under the proviso of intoxication.
Sherlock's breath tickles John's nose as he sighs with amusement, before he leans forward and takes John by the mouth once more.
White light illuminates the room as the sixth text comes through; the phone sending deep vibrations through the dresser. Wearily, I open my eyes, sighing as I fumble to find the infernal device. This better be good.
The knife is heavy against his clothes, and he's only briefly aware of the hand on his back, pressing it to his side. He takes a step, stumbling slightly as his head swims with whatever he's been drugged with. The stranger pushes harder against his side, breaking the first layer of skin above his kidneys. Their arm wraps around his waist, making it look as if they’re leaving as a couple; concealing the secret beneath.
John walks in the direction of the nearest tube station, hands deep in his coat pockets. He breathes deeply, savouring the feeling of the air seeping into his lungs, clearing his sinuses. London has a very distinct smell — a deep warmth and metallic tang that paints your airways silver. It's the smell of life — of thousands of intersecting stories and moments; the breath of a million people alive in unison. Sardines swimming together in harmony. Since he was a child, he savours the moment where he steps off the train, inhaling the first lungful of London, adding his life to the story.
"Did they all die the same way?" John asks, leaning closer to the photos to get a better look at the symbol.
The jealousy; he could handle. Yes, Sherlock overacted, but it was something they could work through together. It was a tangible problem, one that John is sure will ebb with time. But the assumption that John is just here for the laughs? To tick a box on his bucket list before returning to his happy heterosexual life? That is different. He doesn’t know how he can heal that, or whether he even should. John has given himself over so completely to the detective, but there is only so far he can go for someone. He will not stoop to proving his identity, just to calm another person's insecurities.
Sherlock stays awake for days, rifling through the paperwork and trying to find a connection. 221B becomes a bomb site of files; the floor an assault course to navigate. Everything seems to belong in a very specific place, and John quickly learns to leave it alone, preferring to make tea and act as a soundboard for Sherlock's deductions. So far, he seems to have established the victim's normal patterns, the day jobs they had and any regular standing appointments. To John, they seem like completely independent people; other than the initial gym lead there is nothing substantial that connects them.
John jumps at the noise, instinctively reaching for a gun that's not there. He lifts himself to his feet and whirls around to face the opening of the ally, one hand still hovering at his waistline. Sherlock Holmes stands in the entryway, silhouetted against the violet backlight of the bar behind. John's shoulders relax, but he stays standing straight, adrenaline starting to bubble in his veins.
She sets the pint in front of him, foam dripping down the side of the glass, and he walks away from the bar before she gets any other ideas. The beer is cold against his lips, and he feels his shoulders relax at the first sip.
"Well, let's be glad you did otherwise this would be a completely different situation. I think we'll leave that part off the report though, given the circumstances."
"God, yeah. I don't know what you're doing, but keep at it. He's calmer than I've ever seen him." A hint of suggestion sparkles behind Lestrade's eye, and John unsuccessfully tries not to blush.
He smiles into the darkness, placing the phone back on his bedside table. Maybe it's not as hopeless as he thought. Perhaps, if he pushes himself, he can take the risk.
"I'd beg to differ." Sherlock raises an eyebrow and pulls the laptop back towards him. "Until last week you thought that the sun rotated around the earth."
"Yes, but that's assuming they acquired the drug from a London hospital, and it's not definitive." Sherlock sighs. "It would be supportive evidence, but it's not enough to make an arrest."
"I'm glad you're home," Sherlock murmurs into his neck, breathing in the musk of John's cologne, mixed with the faint odour of beer.
He should have seen this. He should have worked to think of a plan sooner- get the upper hand rather than play along with Moriarty’s games until the last minute. But he didn’t. And now they’re here.
The bedroom feels so empty. He knows every inch of it; can describe in detail each scuff on the floorboards; every dent in the wallpaper, but now it seems different. As if someone has shifted all his belongings slightly to the left, and his brain can’t wrap itself around the subtle change. Years past, he would have quieted his mind with something more potent than adrenaline, but now he is resigned to waiting for the sensation to pass. Thoughts replay over and over in his head, cycling too fast to analyse properly, adding a layer of frustration to his mood. Sherlock wishes he could make it all stop- halt the pointless storm of thoughts and make everything quiet again so he can sleep.
"God, I'm an idiot." He eventually exclaims, draining the last of his beer and discarding the glass on the table.
The kitchen was still a mess from yesterday’s snowball fight. They’d spent all afternoon hurling misshapen snowballs at each other, missing more often than not. A snowman sat casually on the counter — a scrap of ribbon around its neck; two olives for eyes.
"Have you been following me?" John asks, trying to keep the relief out of his voice. He really doesn't know the man, he has no reason to feel that way.
It’s a far cry from what he wants to say, but he can’t seem to find the right words. That’s never been a problem before.
He’d been fine, in the moment. He’d been calm— prepared to go to any lengths to get the upper hand over Moriarty. Yet here, miles away from the pool and those dancing red dots, his heart beats frantically against his ribs each time he tries to fall asleep.
He lies there for a while, waiting for the pain to ebb, each breath shattering his lungs. He could lie here forever, if he wanted. Forget the room, forget Sherlock — he could lie here in the ashen remains of 221B forever, safe in his isolation. If he never moves, no-one can hurt him. He'd be safe here.
"Wait, say that again!" Sherlock practically jumps out of his chair, his tea spilling slightly onto the floor, joining the stain John had already made. He clambers over to the table by the window and pulls his laptop open, typing furiously.
His eyes snap open, vision blurred, breath heaving in his chest. He's lying down, covered in scratchy sheets, the room around him white and cold. A machine beeps by his ear, and something pulls at his arm as he tries to move it — a tether that sends stinging pains through his veins as he pulls against it. Something grabs his arm, and he panics, thinking the dark creature is back. It will hold him down forever and stop him from walking through that door. Stop him getting to the one person that—
John flicks the kettle on and brews some tea, nudging Sherlock's cup into his hand to wake him from the depths of his mind. Any other time, he'd leave him be, but given that the last few weeks have been spent with Sherlock buried deep inside himself, he reasons that the detective is probably thinking in circles.
"Have you, uh...have you ever met someone called Sherlock Holmes?" He asks, trying to sound as casual as possible — betrayed only by the slight waver in his voice. Mike doesn't seem to notice.
John lets out a cackle of laughter that takes him by surprise. It's been a while since he's genuinely laughed, he realises. It feels good — like clearing out a dusty corner of his mind.
Sherlock's lips are soft on his, tentative at first, but becoming more sure by the second. His arms slide over John's back, pausing briefly over the puckered skin of his shoulder before coming to rest in the centre of his spine. John pulls him closer, their hips lying flush against each other. For the first time in months, John feels as if he can breathe again.
"Yeah, I hear myself. It's just—" He feels the words rest on his tongue, and he hesitates a moment. "It feels like I'm not gay enough for anyone. He suddenly thinks I'm going to up and leave him for a woman, when my whole life the only person I've wanted this much is him." John feels his cheeks redden. Lestrade is the first person he's voiced his fears to, and they sound distorted outside of his head.
“I can feel you watching me.” Sherlock murmurs against the pillow. His voice is deep and soothing; John’s heart settles at the sound.
"Victim is Zahara Todd, twenty-eight years old, was training to be a solicitor. Lives in Kentish Town, and was found by some kids around lunchtime."
I climb into the front seat, not wanting to be near the woman who claims to be my wife. The ride to Baker Street is silent; each rustle of coats and clicking of the indicator seeming loud in the tension between us. When we finally stop, I’m the first out, partly to put space between us, and partly because I know Sherlock will struggle up the stairs and won’t want us to make a big deal out of it. I know what his plan is.
"John, I don't think that's true. God knows Sherlock doesn't care about labels. I think he's just scared you're going to leave him full stop. I'm not sure he cares if that's for someone else, regardless of gender."
He snaps the laptop shut, earning a dirty look from the student next to him, and makes his way out of the door. He pulls his phone from his pocket, hoping that the number he's looking for is still in his contacts list. Sure enough, there near the bottom, is the name he's looking for.
"Walk me through the details; sometimes it helps to have an outside perspective." He falls back into the main seat of the chair, crossing his legs, his knees falling over the armrests. "Oh, don't be like that, you know what I mean." Sherlock practically rolls his eyes when John crinkles his nose about being an 'outside perspective'.
“It’s okay.” He opens his eyes and catches a question in John’s face. The muscles are relaxed, his eyes searching. For the first time, Sherlock can’t automatically figure out what is going on in John’s head. Whether that is due to the exhaustion that is slowly creeping into Sherlock’s veins, he isn’t sure. But he’s surprised at how much he doesn’t mind not being able to just read everything he wants to know. With anyone else, it would infuriate him; this need to ask questions rather than tell what they are thinking with a cursory glance. But John has always been different. He has always been a mystery that Sherlock is desperate to solve.
"Thank you for that. I was trying to stay undercover but he was making it rather difficult." They walk in step beside each other, only moving to swerve around pedestrians walking the other way.
John wanders aimlessly, taking narrow side streets and winding alleyways, unconsciously tracing the routes Sherlock had shown him.
"We've been looking for a connection in the wrong place. They all had Blaze downloaded, but none of their dates were the same. What if it wasn't the dates?" Sherlock tears his hands from John's hair and leaps from the coffee table. "What if they just matched with someone, but never spoke to them? It happens plenty of times, people too scared to make the first move. There would be no trace, nothing to tie them to the victims."
"Is anyone there?" He shouts again, waiting for his eyes to adjust to the light. The shape moves, ducking under the brow of a hill and reappearing again further to his left. He follows it with his gaze, trying to discern its identity, the hair on the back of his neck prickling with a warning. Without thinking, he takes a step towards it, only to find himself back in the remains of 221B. This time, the kitchen window has shattered, glass sprayed outwards onto the floor in front of him. The door to the bedroom is closed, barely touched by the fire, and John is overcome by the need to open it. He needs to know what lies beyond; whether his life is truly crumbling around him. He tries another step, and the walls dissolve into sand and sun. He doesn't pause long enough to see the shadowed figure slinking closer towards him. Another step brings him closer to his sanctuary; the room where, despite everything the world outside is throwing at him, everything makes sense.
“Maybe he was just trying to give you something to do. Mrs Hudson told me you’ve been driving her up the wall.” I try not to think about what that means, the fact that every time I spend any significant time away from the flat Sherlock becomes antsier.
"Rupert Street." John's stomach clenches, expecting the DI to react in some way to the name, but he doesn't so much as raise an eyebrow. Either he's never heard of the place, or he simply doesn't care. John knows there's nothing to be ashamed of — but he still can't shake the worry that shrouds him whenever he shares information about his new-found sexuality. Harry says it will get easier, but from where he's sat, it doesn't feel like it ever will.
His eyes have softened around the edges, and John resists the urge to reach forward and take the detective into his arms.
"There — both Murphy and Rookwood have an app called Blaze." He switches phone profiles and scrolls some more. "And here, so does Underwood, Patterson, and McKenna. Now just to look for common matches."
When it came time to choose a university, there was no question of where he wanted to be. Six years living in central, and he’d never tired of it. After he enlisted, the thing he knew he'd miss the most, beyond his family or friends, was the city.
“Sorry,” John whispers, but Sherlock doesn’t hear him move, and the prickling sensation that comes from being watched persists. Is this how John feels, each time Sherlock deduces where he’s been or what his plans for the evening are?
Lestrade leads him down the road to the back of the yard. The pub is tucked into the side of a building; its gold lettering dull against the black paintwork. Lestrade holds the door open for John, and he makes his way over to join the queue at the bar.
It's a squeeze, but Sherlock climbs in beside him as John shuffles over to make room. He rests his head on the detective's chest, listening to the steady beat of his heart. The thick fingers of sleep start to claim him again, and John fights to keep his eyes open.
They stay there for a minute, Sherlock almost purring under John's hands, before he sighs, opening his eyes and forcing himself upright. The message is clear; indulgence over — it's time to focus.
. John doesn't have the thrill that Sherlock brings, the calm certainty that this is who he is. He is a man who runs around London, chasing criminals until the wee hours of the morning. A man who invaded Afghanistan, pulling bullets from intrepid soldiers. He is a man who doesn't give up. Safety is wrong. Safety is easy.
They come together, slow and shuddering against the blue dark. Neither pulls away from the other, instead sinking further into the sheets — long limbs wrapped around shorter ones. They lie for hours in silence, ignoring the echoes of passing sirens, content to breathe in the smell of their desire. A fragment of time freezes in that room — a slice of winter evening, holding only a consulting detective and his blogger, the only ones in the world.
I’ve started staring unashamedly at those perfect lips, craving the moment when they are under mine.
"There's been another murder. Same as Daniel Murphy." Sherlock spins round and sets the violin back into its case, before climbing over the coffee table to stand by the wall on John's right. He notices, for the first time, that it is covered in sheets of paper and string. John walks forward to stand next to Sherlock, shrugging his jacket off and taking in the information pinned to the wall.
When Mary enters Leinster Gardens, she’s a different person. Her stride is longer; her shoulders more relaxed. She stands calm with a gun in her hand. It’s lowered to the ground, but her fingers are hovering over the trigger; ready to finish the job.
"More like a pain in the arse," Donovan says under her breath, resuming her typing, more aggressively than before.
Looking at Mrs Hudson now, he is overwhelmed by the love he has for her. She has been like a mother to them both- making sure they were always okay, consoling them whenever they got into arguments with each other. Looking back, he’s not quite sure how he thought he was alone for so long. Molly, Lestrade, Mrs Hudson, John. They are his friends; his family. People who love him for everything he is, rather than hating him for everything he is not.
"Do you actually know how furniture works? I don't think I've ever seen you use anything properly." Sherlock just raises an eyebrow, his eyes roaming over John's pyjama dressed form.
"Good." He sips slowly at his water, quashing the urge to swallow it all down in one go. He takes stock as he does, identifying the different aches and pains in his body. Every muscle seems to be screaming at him, sore as if he's just run a marathon. His throat still aches, presumably from having his stomach pumped, but it's all overwhelmed by the sharp aching in his chest. Instinctively, his hands search for the source of the pain, and he is greeted with thick padded dressings across his chest.
Sherlock hails a cab once they're outside; John slightly in awe at how fast he manages to find one. The detective holds the cab door open for him before sliding into the seat beside him.
“I’m not sure punching someone because they said your boyfriend looked like a weirdo is classified as understandable, but it’s not the worst thing he’s ever done for me.”
Soon, only Sherlock and John remain. Sherlock reluctantly places his glass of wine on the counter and steps towards the table. He glances up, only to double-take at the expression on John’s face. He can’t quite place it, this deep melancholy settling under his eyes. John notices Sherlock watching, and the look disappears as quickly as it had arrived.
“Four!” Sherlock observes John’s outstretched hand, the warm smile perched on his lips and the affection in his eyes, and the pieces fall into place. He is an idiot. Not something; someone. And that someone is standing in the kitchen of 221b, trying to deduce what is wrong with his flatmate.
When he spoke to Harry about it, despite their ongoing disagreements, she had suggested putting himself out there — trying new situations in case he found something he liked. He'd looked up LGBTQ+ support groups in London, social meetups and even writing get-togethers. It was overwhelming at first, the seemingly wide range of choice in something he had no experience with. Doubt ate at him regularly — did he even belong in those spaces? He'd spent thirty-five years believing himself to be straight, what queer experiences did he have to share? Whilst he knew this was wrong, that there were plenty of people like him who didn't come out until later in life, there was still a nagging sensation of not belonging. Hence, he found himself in a bar, in Soho, on a Thursday night. One step at a time.
Maybe I rushed into the marriage because I was hurting. In the beginning, I needed stability; someone to fill the void in my heart. When he came back I needed him to see that I wasn’t going to wait for him. Although I said I forgave him, a part of me can not let go of the betrayal. So I rushed, to prove that he could not expect me to come when he called. In reality, I needed time to understand how I could love two people at the same time, in different ways.
“Is everyone I’ve ever met a psychopath?” I say as we reach the living room. I know it’s wrong, and hurtful, to call him that after years of showing me otherwise, but I can’t help myself. I need both of them to feel even a fragment of the hurt that’s rushing through me.
"I'll just oversee the rest of the evidence collection. I'll meet you outside the yard in a bit, alright?"
"Here," Sherlock opens the e-mail attachment from Lestrade, containing the software required to see the contents of their phones. He scrolls through the apps, grinning to himself when he finds the expected results.
After the brief conversation at the pool, they had travelled back to 221B in silence. John had tried, multiple times, to speak up— to break the veil that had fallen between them. Each time the words had melted from his throat. Nothing seemed appropriate. When you’ve agreed to die together in a darkened pool, everything else seems trivial.
"No, it's not." Lestrade's eyes soften, seeing John's quickly reddening cheeks. John wonders how much he knows, whether John misjudged him, but Greg interrupts before he has time to ask. "Hey, do you want to get another drink tonight? Last time was fun."
"Yes. Asphyxiation by choking on their own vomit, and the blood surrounding these two isn't theirs." He points and two victims spread on the steel benches.
The clicking of the keys suddenly stops, and the two police officers exchange a glance. Unspoken words pass between them, and John clears his throat to regain their attention.
Commending his self-restraint, he lifts a hand and brushes a stray hair hair off John’s forehead, staring down into those beautiful blue eyes.
He's answered by silence again. John scrolls all the way to the bottom of the page and presses the delete button. A quick '
In hindsight, he understands that the feelings he'd had about men in his teens were not strictly platonic. Back then, he'd brushed it off as horny teenage behaviour, but now that he looks back, it's evident to him that these were the starts of his crushes. He wants to smack himself around the head at how oblivious he's been; how many opportunities he's lost. But a smaller part of him wonders if he needed to be this person, to have lived this life so far, to actually understand his queerness.
He thinks, gritting his teeth and pulling himself forward once more. A scrape of blood on glass, the burn of sun on skin, and he's there. The base of the door is in front of him; his hands can touch the polished wood. It hums beneath his hand, warmth spreading out over his palm.
When Sherlock flicks the lights back on, it’s all I can do not to walk straight out. I can’t breathe here. Everyone is far too casual about this, ignoring that we don’t know why she’s really here, who she works for. I can’t lose him again.
When he wakes again, Sherlock is not alone. Before he opens his eyes, he is aware of the soft sound of voices surrounding him, but they stop before he can make out what they are saying.
Initially, he had tried to distance himself; rejecting John’s tentative advances over dinner at Angelo’s. He has no interest in dating for the sake of it. Why actively search for someone who will most likely get bored and leave in a few months? What is the point? He understands sexual desire, but relationships are not a requirement for sex. There is no need to make yourself vulnerable to a stranger for the sake of sexual intimacy. Yet he had grown closer to John that he’d been expecting. He does need John- he needs the calm that he’s brought him. John cuts through all of Sherlock’s bullshit and expects a level of humanity that Sherlock had grown in the habit of disregarding. John knows what makes Sherlock work— he’s endeared by his deductions, and he allows Sherlock to be himself without expectation. John genuinely enjoys his company, and that is a drug more powerful than Sherlock had ever expected. Sometimes, he’s filled with regret for rejecting John so early on. Whilst he does not actively seek relationships, he is starting to understand their appeal.
"I'll let them know you're here. If you make your way into the waiting room to your right, someone will come down to collect you soon."
"Absolutely nothing. I'll need to examine the contents of her phone, send it to me when forensics have downloaded the contents."
He resolves to walk up the stairs before he can change his mind. The wooden floorboards creak as he ascends each step, not bothering to be quiet. John is not a light sleeper.
A warm smile spreads across John’s face, and Sherlock’s heart stutters. Shit. Forget being interested in the possibility of a relationship, he’s already fallen far harder than expected. The question is merely what to do about it. He’s not sure if he’s quite ready to make the leap just yet— to close the gap between them and jump headfirst into the space beyond friendship. There’s trepidation in John’s face, and Sherlock is almost sure that he’s seeing a reflection of his own thoughts.
', and all of a sudden, I wanted to live again. The resignation was gone. I was still bloody exhausted, but I now could see the other end. I was out the other side. Trouble was, I didn't have anything left for me here. My friends were gone, either dead in the war or because I'd pushed them away years before. My parents were both dead; my sister drinking her marriage away, and I couldn't afford to live in the city I loved; the one home I had left."
He wishes he'd asked for his number. Or at least his name. He contemplates returning to the bar that night, in the hope that the mystery man will be there again. He doubts it, but the more hours pass, the harder it is to get the memories out of his head.
There is no franticness to their actions, no desperation to strip the other bare and devour them; rather a firm reassurance that the other is still there. Each item of clothing is peeled slowly from their bodies, and each touch of hand against skin is deliberate and controlled. John falls back against the pillows and Sherlock settles himself between his knees, leaning forward until they slide against each other, moaning into the contact. As they move, rocking together as the sheets curl around their ankles, they grasp at flesh and limbs, dark purple bruises blooming beneath their fingertips. It's a promise — not anything as endless as forever, but an affirmation that for now, they are here.
The handrail is smooth beneath his fingers, and the steps creak as he ascends. John thinks he hears the music pause as he walks, but it's so short that he's not entirely sure he didn't imagine it. When he reaches the top, the door in front of him is open, revealing a modest-sized sitting room that looks like it should be part of a museum. Papers clutter every surface; books are piled high in each corner, interspersed with artefacts and knick-knacks that would put his grandmother to shame. His eyes are particularly drawn to the sword resting on the table, standing bold on the polished wood.
"Oh, don't get me wrong, of course he overreacted, he's Sherlock after all. I just mean he's insecure is all. Of course he would be worried you're going to leave."
Sherlock missed Rosie as soon as he’d settled her into bed. Part of him resented having slept all day, but he’d learnt the hard way that his body needed the rest. He could push it to the limit during the investigations, but sooner or later it needed to catch up.
Sherlock drains the rest of his glass and stands, extending an outstretched hand. “Very true, Dr Watson. Want to see some more?”
The knife stops mid slice, still dug deep into his chest, and the woman in front of him cocks her head, her eyes scanning his face as if searching for something. She sees each crease of his skin, the salt leaking from his eyes; bile dripping from the corner of his mouth. She regards him for what feels like an hour, her face steeped in the curiosity of a child, before she finally speaks.
He grabs John’s outstretched hand and whirls him around to face him before leaning forward to kiss him. John freezes, his glass of champagne dropping out of his hand, spilling all over the carpet. If it breaks, Sherlock doesn’t hear. He goes to pull away, mortified that he’s misread the situation and this isn’t what John wants after all, until two strong hands wind their way around his waist and pull him forward. John deepens the kiss, letting his eyes flutter closed.
“Where is it?” Sherlock had murmured over John’s shoulder, his chin resting in the unruly nest of the doctor’s bed-head.
John stays as long as he can, only venturing home when his body reaches exhaustion. On the days he has to work, he comes straight to 221B from the surgery, and it's only because of his love of sleep that he doesn't drop by in the mornings.
