"Cas." Dean sighs, dropping his head to rest on Cas's shoulder, pressing two kisses against Cas's neck on the way, earning him a full-body shudder. "I'm sorry, by the way."
"Dean," Cas says, drawing Dean's attention back to him, where each line of his face is outlined by the fire.
"You look exhausted," Cas says, before dropping his hand. "You should go to bed."
"For what?" Cas still sounds a little breathless, even though, as an angel, he doesn't technically need to breathe.
"It's been a while… but, yes, I can."
Dean shakes his head. "Stay," he says, his voice cracking. "Please." A second passes. "C'mere."
"Dean," Cas says, firmly. "You are selfless and loving and worth more than you can fathom. Not just to the grand scheme of things. To your family. To
"You love me," Dean says, the words strangled and weird.
Cas turns. "I'm sorry, Dean. I've made my decision."
His foot bumps against a book on his way out. He looks down, seeing a familiar leather binding. He stoops to pick it up. Running his fingers over its pages. It feels like too much history and weight dragging him down. Sure, it's full of helpful lore, but Sam probably has it all memorized by now, anyway. Lord knows that kid has read it enough times.
"One more broken?" Dean mumbles, and curse Cas's angelic hearing.
"Yes?"
Dean gestures vaguely in his direction. "You've left how many times now? It's just getting good around here, and you try to pull this?"
“I’m sorry it took me so long…I’m sorry it took me ‘til now to say it.”
Cas seems to be processing this, so Dean gives him the time he needs. Cas comes to the revelation during another drink of coffee, his eyes filling with a multitude of emotions as he sets his cup down. He clasps his hands in front of him.
Dean looks around, looking like he’s gathering courage. “Okay, Cas. I need to say something.”
He takes a second to collect himself, wiping away tears that are soon replaced by more, anyway, and he stands.
the blossom, I fought. Caught them off guard, they fought back. I managed to get away.” “You did it,” Dean says, an underlying meaning that Cas can’t quite comprehend weighing on the words. Dean smiles, making the surroundings look overwhelmingly dim. “You did it, Cas.”
“Cas?”
Dean swipes a hand down his face. "Hey, buddy." He nods over to the coffee pot. "Want some? It's probably cold by now, but it's coffee."
"One more
Dean looks up and snaps his father's journal shut. "Hey, Cas."
Cas turns, and stands, staring at Dean, seconds ticking by. Dean works his jaw, trying to come up with a better excuse than 'I don't want you to'. Seeing no answer, Cas turns on his heel, and grabs the railing, landing his foot on the first step that cements the distance between Dean and Cas.
"We can figure it out when it isn't four in the morning."
“Cas, I hope you can hear me.” Dean pulls in a shaky breath. “That wherever you are, it’s not too late.” Those words alone drop an unwavering sickness in his gut. Speaking aloud makes this
Cas freezes in place. His shoulders are taut and his fingers tighten around the railing. "Dean."
“Yeah, we were en route. I waited until…I saw this.” Cas reaches inside his coat as he speaks to pull out a slightly disheveled leviathan blossom. “It got a little smooshed.” He tries to laugh, but it comes out as more of an exhale. Dean looks at him, his unspoken confession written all across his face, his eyes filled with it. Cas’s heart pangs. “Once I had
Cas hesitates. "I'm not going anywhere, Dean."
His hands balls into a fist, and he shuts his eyes, willing, begging himself not to cry. He can’t break, not now. He has to get this out. Cas has to know. Dean looks around, but nobody’s around. Not even Cas. He sinks to his knees, leaning heavily on the tree, as the first tears begin to fall.
He pauses, and in the momentary silence, his mind spits out the one, horrifying, dizzying truth that he isn’t brave enough to say out loud.
Dean huffs, pulling back to shove Cas's shoulder, no heat behind the move. He meets Cas's eyes, and his knees almost collapse from underneath him at the amount of overwhelming happiness in Cas's eyes. Cas reaches out to cup Dean's cheek in his palm. Dean stiffens for only a second--this is going to take some getting used to.
The shock in Dean’s eyes falls away, now replaced with something hopeful. “Cas?”
"You lov…" He swallows, unable to get the words out without a shake in his voice. He can't understand why this revelation is hitting him now, of all times. "You love me?"
Dean clamps his mouth shut.
"Come with me?"
"Oh."
Dean focuses on Cas's coffee once again. Watches as he drums his fingers against the mug, watches as he brings it up to his lips to take a gentle sip. Cas is too good for him, and he knows that--the guy's an
"Some nuns," he says. "This was my first solo hunt. A little birthday treat for letting Sammy run away for a little bit. Dad said it wasn't much fault; that it could've happened to anyone, and he said I...I could go on this hunt as a treat, to show that I wasn't in trouble, I guess. I think it was more of a punishment than anything, intentional or not."
Cas sits in front of him, peeling open a handful of cream packets. He can't stand the taste of straight coffee, and Dean can't blame him, now electing to add honey in his own. Cas's face is set into a frown as he stirs, the cream swirling in the dark liquid.
to jack three or four times, then circles back down to
and it smells like sweat and ozone. It’s coming from the soft thing he’s laying on, and as his hand tries to track it back to the source it disappears under more skin-like spongey
The very-naked Winchester lowered him down, soaring past pecs and stomach and waist to his flaccid cock, hanging mostly limp, soft, shower-fresh. Enormous, calloused fingers pushed his chest into the underside of it, his head right beneath
there’s no getting away from the pounding weight lifting and falling onto him, jarring him right and then left beneath Sam’s sagging, hairy balls. If he could just get an
there, pushing, pushing, pushing and feeling something absolutely
But that isn’t where she stops. Her panties get pushed down along with her jeans, and she wraps her fingers once again around his legs. Hovering around her waist, he watches as she lifts one to rest atop the bath tub edge, and then he soars through the air toward-
This slow and measured pace only lasts for a few minutes. It builds, it worsens, until Steve’s hips are pistoning him in and out of her - and then just in her when he stops completely pulling out. They shift positions, she must turn or something, because rather than dragging him into malleable muscle he instead starts shoving Bucky down, grinding his sweet spot against Bucky and Bucky against a hard, rigid wall.
Sometimes he crosses his legs and puts them in between them, idly flicking them into one another. Sometimes he puts the redhead on the floor and settles one foot on top of her, debating putting some weight into it to crush her beneath the ball of his feet for all the trouble she’s caused him over the years. He leaves her there for minutes or hours at a time just to feel her struggle. He’ll let her out every now and then, let her stand, then knock her back down and start over.
into your date because it
at the head of Clint’s dick, trying to steer it away from her face - it works, but not necessarily the way she intended. Another twitch, this time a heartier throb, and it swells against her, grinding up her face as hard as it can before it has to start curving up, climbing up her body like a vine and dragging her with it a little until she’s pinned just beneath the head against the wall at her back.
Eventually, clever pads of fingertips find
He didn’t bother to stop and take it off, though. He had a really good rhythm going- christ, it’s been too long since he’s gotten any. His knees spread further apart, he slumps down nice and low on the couch, and
tbqh, I'd quite enjoy reading about more of Steve's dates in the Cock Ring Chronicles. Or, probably, anything else you do there. -- bitty
sound Bucky’s making absently in the back of his throat gets louder, gets more, and Steve sees the flap overhead open up to let out a little more precum. He surges forward, grabbing at it with both hands as it tries to shutter closed. It catches his wrists, but he’s not strong enough to force it open. The fact that he’s trying, though, rips a loud and throaty
The world angles back up to level again, and Harry gets a two or three second glimpse of Sirius’s face. It’s the backdrop to his hand and his cock, the far closer environment, but all the same he can see the absent look Sirius shoots down as he tucks himself back into his pants right over Harry’s head.
“Yeah, that’d be great.”
As the bus heads into the more densely populated areas of the city, it fills with infirmed and elderly, children and other people who require the seat far more than he does. Castiel stands, but gives Dean no directive that he should stop. The cluster of bodies tightly packed means nobody’s able to glance down below his waist on accident anyway, so he isn’t concerned about the social ramifications.
Prompt: Giant Steve repeatedly slamming his dick on the table, with the tiny underneath it, as his dick slowly gets harder and harder with the stimulation underneath
Shortly after, a massive hand looms, shadow visible from the light that filters in through the weave of his trousers, and it grips down on both Steve and Bucky’s junk. He bounces it, wiggles it, readjusts himself, probing fingers smashing his face deeper into the velvety soft skin of Bucky’s cock. A reprimand.
Except next time, he’s less careful. Next time is intentional, and he’s been waiting for the opportunity ever since the first. Sam disappears, Dean sprawls on the couch on his back watching TV, and Cas changes into a pair of the thinnest boxers he owns.
Steve wakes up a little hungover, a little still drunk, and a
Dean moans
“See what?” he croaks, and she only smiles coyly before dragging his hand up to place it deliberately on her breast. He swallows hard, hand moving automatically to gently squeeze and massage her tit. He gently hefts the weight of it, rolls it in his palm, and he can feel the first tiny damp patch starting up from precum gathering at the tip of his dick.
She knows where she is. Oh,
Jesus, if he had to guess it’s because he wants to keep his semen in with him.
They make it, though, is all that matters - standing on top of a mattress staring out at the world at ½ inch tall is an alien and unsettling experience. Everything is magnified, all sensations are greater, and it means that their entire bodies feel the tremor of the bed when Steve’s footsteps become audible. It’s a tiny little earthquake, a gentle shaking of their feet the closer Steve comes until he’s in the room proper, so large the two of them can only really stop and stare for a long minute.
The grinding starts. Whatever it is rubs hard down against Steve’s curved dick, hot, back and forth, over and over until Steve’s rock-solid underneath him and precum begins to bead.
He feels so distant, so disconnected, he almost seems alien. Too big and too detached for Steve to really feel like they can even have a conversation anymore. His face is so far away, even, from the fingers wrapped around them Steve has to remind himself they’re connected. That the thick tree-trunk like knuckles and fingertips half-curled around him are Bucky’s, piloted by that hovering face.
“I’M GOING TO-”
to do. It means that the wall of cotton-blend behind him may as well be steel, and that steel pushes him face-first into the seam between Bucky’s testicles.
The sudden rumbling of a zipper precedes the gaping hole that manifests above him, courtesy of Steve shucking his boxers down a few inches to allow his dick to spring up. Above him he can’t see Steve’s face, or the ceiling, or anything so comforting. Above him is pink, soaking wet flesh. The biggest pussy he’s ever seen in his entire goddamn life, hovering like a fucking UFO above him.
She shimmies her hips a little, and massive denim shifts down three or four inches to reveal a snug black pair of cotton panties that outline her public mound.
The weight’s getting unbearable, crushing, his asthma can’t keep up with it, and he pushes against the top of Bucky’s pelvis, pushes against his bellybutton, his cock’s so hard and demanding that it’s like a bone ramming into his chest over and over and over again.
They sag again, settling on top of his thighs and pushing him snug against the wall of fabric behind him. He doubts Bucky even knows they did that, that’s just an automatic involuntary instinct that comes from sensation. Hell, he doubts Bucky even knows Steve’s thigh-deep under his sack right now. He only has a second to look up.
As much as he doesn’t want to, he has to swim toward it - kicking and writhing through thick liquid before it drowns him, throwing his arms out to catch himself on the landmass of Steve’s cock so he can exhaustively pull himself out of the swimming pool’s worth of jizz. There, he catches his breath and waits for Steve to pull out.
Cas is practically beaming by the time Dean pulls back. Dean presses one more against his lips, a short and quick goodnight, before turning to walk to his room.
"You never asked me to stay."
doesn't want to say. "Thanks, buddy. Can we go back to the bunker?
"John was so
"I know." Dean runs his hand down the journal, staring at it as if he could light it on fire with his eyes. "Hey, Cas?"
"I love you, " Dean repeats, the words unsure and foreign in his mouth. Cas turns around, leveling him with an unreadable gaze. "I..I know it's stupid and I'm sorry I do. I know there's too much between us and I know I've hurt you too much and I lash out in anger when I shouldn't. And I know you don't because you're Cas. You're a frigging angel of the Lord and--"
He feels like he's on a precipice, tipping between things changing forever, and nothing changing at all. He thanks Cas quietly for his eternal patience, and chooses his words carefully.
"How long?" Cas asks.
"Hello, Dean."
He can’t say it aloud. Even now, even with Cas hell-knows-where, even with Chuck’s promise that this is the end, even if Cas deserves to hear it, he can’t bring himself to say it. Not now, and maybe not ever.
"Shut up."
That single word brings Cas back to Dean’s speech. He hadn’t said it aloud, and Cas doesn’t think he even meant to think it, but somehow, Cas knows it’s the truth. A truth that’s been buried for far, far too long.
Younger Dean crouches on the ground, running his hands through his hair that holds the slightest trace of a curl. He watches the flames, frozen.
Vaguely, Dean thinks on how that's how his mind feels right now. Swirling and confusing. It's been like that for a while, but it's grown to a point of unbearable. He closes his eyes, his stomach turning. He really regrets drinking so much coffee this morning.
Cas stands, keeping Dean pinned beneath his gaze. Dean lifts his chin, trying to return the stare, but he can't handle it much longer--not this new look of intensity Dean hasn't seen.
“Well, they’re still after me. We should hurry.”
Yet, there was still the deal he made with the Empty. And he knew that if he were to reciprocate--even with Chuck’s threat looming in the background--he would be, for once, happy. Cas knows he can’t let that happen. Not with Sam and Dean in danger--not with the whole world and countless others in danger. For now, it’s enough to know how Dean feels, even if he could never say it back. It’s everything he could never dream of asking for.
“What happened?” He looks Cas over, concern still written on his face.
"What're you saying?" Dean's head is spinning, and he's trying to grasp Cas's words like one would try to grab a fallen bar of soap in a shower.
Cas releases a long breath he didn’t know he was holding. “You made it.” He tries to keep the overwhelming relief from his voice.
Dean shivers in Cas's arms, whether from his words or his touch. "At least Sammy still grew to be a good kid."
"Could you take me to relive
"See, the thing is, they weren't hurting anybody. I don't know what their unfinished business was, but they hadn't hurt one person in that damn town. But, I guess Dad saw a supernatural thing and sprang for the gun."
Cas reaches across the table, towards Dean's shaking hand. "As long as you'll have me," Cas says, his words a promise.
"And I you."
Dean leans his hand on a tree, taking a few breaths before speaking into the empty air.
The hum of the air conditioning was the only sound floating through the bunker. Dean is slumped at the counter, long-cold coffee clasped in his hands. The clock ticks away in the corner, showing well past three in the morning. By all accounts, Dean should be asleep, but he wasn't much for a sleep schedule anyway.
"This whole thing," Dean says, gesturing vaguely around the kitchen.
Cas rolls his eyes, but slides his hand into Dean's as he leads him to Dean's room. "You're insufferable."
Cas walks towards him, and Dean meets him halfway, pulling him in for a one-armed hug, the other still gripping the shotgun. They stand in the embrace for a moment, if only to ensure that the other is alive and in front of them.
"Dean?" Cas asks.
He snaps his mouth shut, both hands gripped around his coffee mug so tightly he's worried it'll shatter in his grip. His mind is chanting
back down again, better lined up for comfort maybe, so Cas can start going at it in earnest.
She just holds him there, head in and nothing else, muscles tightening and relaxing for long, long seconds. Long enough to hear him beg,
It’s a person. It’s a person so god damn unfathomably large, so god damn
“You wanted rough, I’ve given you rough. You can’t even… imagine how it feels to know that
And he does. Repeatedly.
He slams his book closed, drags it up to his chest, and snatches his keys off the table. “Tell you what, I’m just gonna… head to the library for a couple of hours. You… jerk off or whatever it is angels do, get it out of your system, and then
, that’s all it was. When you’re trapped in the confines of a pair of boxer briefs beneath two swinging, bouncing balls there are only so many options at your disposal. As his brother walked the weight constantly slamming into him was frustrating, overwhelming, and no amount of pounding his fist against them seemed to work. They absorbed the impact like nothing, sucking his arm into wrinkled skin and jiggling him right along with them.
hard, a thick and deep twitch, rocketing up a few inches and passing over her front and her face as it does. Evidently the thought of her doing this on her own
whatever’s going on down there, It isn’t until he’s about to trip into orgasm that he finally looks down, roughly stroking a fast rhythm, ready to watch himself come, desperate for it and only maybe two strokes away.
…” The sound of his own name from a voice that big is unsettling, but it has to mean Bucky’s spotted him, right? He doesn’t know, he can’t see Bucky’s face over the curve of his dick.
he can feel it deep inside his pelvis like he never really has before, toes curling, testicles tightening and squeezing deep into himself, and the term
Shouldn’t have gotten his hopes up so soon.
It’s bizarre, experiencing this constant friction-glide humping while listening to them talk about the weather, or sports, or whatever. It’s almost kind of calm, kind of peaceful - like Bucky’s a fidget toy but for Sam’s cock. He slowly, lazily enjoys the sensation until he’s leaking at the tip, and he doesn’t even look down when his hand absently curls around it to peel back and paint Bucky with the head.
particular spot on their person just on instinct.
It’s been hours, it feels like, since Dean’s been trapped inside Jo’s underwear. She seems to go from walking to sitting - and that’s particularly rough, the way it pulls the fabric taught against her and melds him into her folds. He’s been pressed up against her labia so tight he almost couldn’t breath, and no amount of squirming seemed to get her attention.
With no small amount of searing anger, she reaches out both hands to start rubbing them against the head of his dick of her own volition.
It all changes one night after they both head back to their apartment after the bar, a bottle of whiskey in one hand that they pass back and forth until they’re both hammered and staggering in the doorway together. They collapse onto the couch laughing, Bucky leaning heavy on Steve, Steve looking up at him with glassy eyes and parted lips, and for a second they seem… so close. A foot away maybe, probably less. Close enough that he can feel Steve exhale onto his lips, can smell the alcohol and cotton candy on it.
in there- ahh–”
“The thought of you struggling to breathe down there really turns me on”
But then he sees the revealed skin above Bucky’s dick, the flex and release of abdominal muscles, the relaxation of what holds back his bladder.
She shoots one self-satisfied look back at him when the bus reaches her destination, then slips away without a single word.
Outside of this place, Castiel sits on a motel bed squirming. It’s just a little at first, with his brow screwed up in concentration and his fingertips probing absently at his crotch. It’s about
and he dismisses it with “
And then Bucky starts to sweat. It beads at the pores, it makes the fabric around him damp, and then it makes
wrong. Sam’s hand wraps around the base of Steve’s cock, and an enormous pink tongue the size of a bed slips between those lips to touch down a few inches below his feet and then
All that jolting is a chaotic mess for Bucky, who’d been sound asleep right until Steve snapped himself out of bed and started jostling him all around with his panicked, thoughtless moving.
They press with no gentleness, press him deep and hard into the worn leather, move over his entire body as Dean absently feels him out, probably subconsciously trying to figure out what’s in his pocket without actually taking it out. Overhead, he can hear the muffled sound of voices, lower in pitch than they ought to be like a slowed recording. It’s Dean’s voice, he can tell by the pauses and dips, but it doesn’t falter even as his fingers turn bruising. He’s talking to someone, and not sparing Sam or the thing in his pocket a second thought.
“Thank fucking god,” is all he things when the tip of the middle one touches him. But she isn’t pulling him out, no, it seems she’s just palming herself and accidentally shoving him a little further down so that his stomach’s over her hungry entrance. Her fingers slide up again, but they don’t leave. From his position beneath her open pussy he can see her middle digit find her clit and begin to circle it, slow and easy rhythms.
He thinks of Cas, standing in the kitchen, hands tucked in his pockets. He thinks of Cas's lips on his own. He thinks of Sam, away at Eileen's for the night. He thinks of Jack, tucked into his own bed down the hall. He thinks of the family he's fought for to keep.
Dean buries his face in his hands. Memories flash through his mind. The nuns, the fights with Dad, that damn demon he saw in his own head whose words are constantly on repeat.
him, somehow.
, he fucking humps and humps for what feels like eternity. He must not be awake enough or close enough to spill over, it’s just minute after ticking minute of back and forth and back and forth, friction-dragging himself over Dean’s body, rolling his pelvis into an entire soaking wet king sized mattress.
The light widens even farther, peeling down, down, down, as Sirius pulls his cock out and over the opening. Harry takes a few moments to squint, and then realizes what’s happening. Over a couple of feet of bunched up fabric, beneath the wide set of knuckles precariously close to Harry’s head, past the round head of a cock Harry can just see the profile of, he spots the background. It’s the loo.
, sweetheart,” He murmurs, and Steve’s not sure whether or not he’s talking to himself now or he’s asking for an answer. Not much he can do to give one, and the more Bucky talks to himself the quicker the room around him shakes and bounces - overhead, the flap that lead him here in the first place shutters open and then closed again, letting some of the fluid out. It’s too quick for Steve to grab onto this time, but now that he knows where to look…
Bucky can’t goddamn believe it, the sight of it all. His best friend’s face dispassionately watching him like he’s as interesting as the porn on his laptop. The quick movement of his arm as he strokes his dick with Bucky still in it.
Above him, a sleepy and slurred moan precedes another forward thrust, and the vein that runs above Bucky’s chest pulses like mad. He stays there for a while, the full force of his cock and the full pressure of his hips grinding Bucky down. Little micro-thrusts barely move, rocking hard cock back and forth over him - too small to drag him, just enough so that the vein goes back and forth over Bucky’s body over and over again.
into it, of course.
, and all the while Bucky’s out there going,
He doesn’t seem to be doing anything in particular at first, just pressing his fingertips into different parts of it as though searching for something. It’s on the tip of his tongue to say I’m down here before he witnesses those fingertips press into the vein beneath the head of his dick and trace out a circle into the flesh.
He starts to climb, fingers gripping fabric, until the slit of light looms above him. It’s shifting, opening and closing an inch or two with the rhythmic tapping that comes with Dean’s masturbating. His arms throw over the top and he hauls himself up, hesitating there with what leverage he has to look around.
there for long, brutal seconds before creeping in a little more. It’s right above Bucky’s head now, he can feel heat emanating off her. He can see pretty pink muscle tightening up and going loose, tightening up and going loose, massaging the tip of Steve’s dick in her unconscious want to pull him - and Bucky - inside her.
. He got used to it after a while, but as time passed new challenges arose.
Sam absently reaches down and rubs at his jock. Dean’s smushed between his balls, overheated and coated with sweat. He flounders, stills, and the rubbing finally stops. He groans weakly, eeks himself backward until his chest is free from the pinning weight.
It starts slow. It’s barely even a rhythm, considering how agonizingly slowly Cas drags his cock in and out, prolonging the sickeningly sweet pleasure of seeing Dean so out of it, of hearing his breath slowly start to pick up as arousal fights with dreams. Dean’s cock slowly twitches, hardens, bears down on Sam with thicker, hotter pressure. A spike of lust rolls through him as Cas nudges his prostate, and his hips roll unconsciously, back into it, then down hard into the pillow, seeking friction. The friction he finds is
Bucky starts running. It’s fucking chaos. It’s the lift-slam sensation coupled with an entire
To stand. To stand, allow his ass cheeks to come together again and firmly settle around him, and know that Dean is completely engulfed in the mass of them. He can vaguely, vaguely feel squirming. His cock goes rigid. He takes a single step, testing - then another. Left cheek slides against him, then settles back again. Right cheek rises and falls. Dean’s still firmly wedged, and he gives his glutes a little flex to clench down on him. Dean starts kicking up a fuss immediately, writhing in response to the tight grip, and Castiel has never been harder in his life.
Climax hits, and it hits so hard he goes white-out for a second, head tipped back, hand furiously working himself through it,
He can feel Bucky’s heartbeat though the vein on the underside, picking up and hammering fast. He can feel rolling throbs start to take hold, can feel it when Barnes starts to toe the line right before orgasm, desperate and scrambling and chasing it.
He stays in as he softens gently, Sharon all around him, the two of them basking in intimacy and playing softly around with Steve’s half-hard cock.
it’s hard not to see something nearly an inch tall sprinting toward your dick after all. It’s not that he wants to get up close and personal with what’s going on, it’s just that Dean’s staring down at his own crotch like some kind of goddamn creeper and it’s Sam’s
Above him, a massive hand glides down and curls around the cock that had been settled upon them, gently lifting it - and entirely accidentally, slightly lifting the sack that’s pinning Sam down.
Frankly, it was a boner killer. Dean’s always had kind of a
It pushes the breath from his already weak lungs, and all he can do is stare up past them at the curve of an erection larger than he is, at the fingers that curl around it, at the underside of Bucky’s chin as he tilts his head back, eyes closed, eliminating all hope of Steve getting noticed.
The speed picks up. The hand tightens. Dean’s absolutely
“Huh?” He asks, sleep-bleary, gliding Bucky steadily back down toward his groin. Out of his peripheral vision, Bucky sees Steve’s left hand invade to peel his cock up again, and his right starts securing Bucky’s wrists into place. “Fix what? What’re you talking about? Fix that you came off my dick? Yeah– sorry, I don’t know how that happened, pal, but there you go. Back where you belong.”
“Bucky, you gotta get off me, you’re crushin’ me, I can’t breathe,”
brief instant the entire weight above him lifts off. Dean feels two seconds of fleeting hope before it
Bucky curls a hand around his dick to stand it upright again, and Steve goes scrambling at the walls trying to slow the slick, friction-less descent gravity pulls him through, sliding down the hot tunnel and unable to find purchase in the walls.
, before he even realizes what’s happening, Dean’s hand is off his cock and tugging his underwear back up.
He wonders if he could get away with touching himself.
to you, like I wasn’t talking plenty before you used me to jerk off? Before you
Lips close, meaning Bucky’s top lip presses down onto his bottom. As it descends, he sees every uneven bit of texture, every plump piece, every crumb still caught and still larger than him. He sees it coming down on him unrelentingly, sealing together on his left and his right until finally it seals
“Oh– sorry about that, did I get a bit on you?” He asks, chest rising and falling as he stares down. “I did say lookout, but I suppose it’s a bit difficult to dodge down there.”
A looming thumb swipes in, and Sam finds himself begging. “No, no, no, please don’t push me in- Dean, Dean! Please don’t push me in-”
up again over him to settle the sensitive bundle of nerves beneath the head directly over his face.
Shrinking.
It’s heavy, it’s as big as he is, so it’s sort of like a person falling and landing on top of him from a few feet up. Nothing the serum in his blood can’t handle, barely even hurts, it’s just
, leaving him spluttering salty taste out of his mouth. It was a single bead of precum, and it’s the precursor to a hell of a lot more. Cas starts leaking like a fucking tap, bead after bead of it traveling over bulbous head, down the crown, and dripping onto Dean just in time for him to ram himself through it.
For a minute he floats there, terrified.
, pulsing into Dean’s thumb.
“So I’m thinking… how ‘bout one more day, huh? You got plenty to eat in there I bet, you got nothing else to do, you could keep me company. Kinda feels fair, right? I’m working, you’re making me feel good while I work.
dragging itself up and down around him. The girl’s straddling Steve, riding him, bouncing up and down in his lap and spearing herself on both him and Bucky while Steve lays back groaning at the sensation. Lazy, with nothing to do but just feel the way Bucky feels against him surrounded by her squeezing and gripping him.
That, at least, is some consolation.
Only one thing for it. He braces his left arm on the counter, settles at the edge of his wooden stool, and - with his eyes fixed on the door in case he needs to stop - he grabs himself over his pants and starts massaging.
again. There’s a moan that’s probably quiet to the rest of the world, but it isn’t to Sam.
start to hurt; it’s twice as big now, twice as thick around, heavier with blood, and Steve’s jerking it down onto him like a hammer, absolutely battering him with the underside of his cock.
He almost sobs with relief when the weight peels up again, gravity rearranges, and he’s jutting up into the air against damp boxers rather than being crushed into the mattress. That relief doesn’t last too long either - a few minutes after his reprieve a new pressure starts - something that more pointedly curls over the fabric of the boxers, less pressure than the mattress, but more deliberately aimed. Something presses into Bucky’s back, circles in tiny movements to grind him into the sensitive vein against his chest.
It’s thoughtful, and as he considers it a thumb lifts up to start circling the head around Bucky like a looming shark circles prey. It drops down so Steve can start stroking properly, a little breathless as he stares down at Bucky.
to be just a half-hour affair wherein he promised his mostly-undivided (partly undivided at least) attention.
He ears a little
He can’t see over Bucky’s curving erection to know it, but Bucky’s peering down to watch him struggle for those first few steps. He’s leaking by the time he makes it to the bedroom. He seriously walks bare-naked through the apartment with Steve clinging to his balls the entire time.
He takes his thumb away to fist himself tightly and fuck into it, the ring of his hand squeezing his slit closed as he pushes in and out of it. “Man, that’s probably tight. Probably hard to breathe through it when I do that, huh? Sorry about that. I’m not doing it because you’re in there, I swear, this is just how I jerk off.”
His own cock.
Steve winces, eyes ducking down for a long moment before they lift again to appeal pleadingly to Bucky.
, man? What kid of rescue is this?
Five seconds.
, jutting up from neatly trimmed pubic hair and cut, defined hips. His sac lay heavy beneath it, round mounds each larger than him as well. They bounce a little with the motion of Dean’s hand, which he can’t help but watch. It’s
it against his dick, massaging the vein and the sensitive nerves roughly.
Beneath his feet is a sudden pressure; fluid forces its way around him, gushing past his face and soaking his body, Climbing past him and over head, leaving lingering traces that threaten to drown him unless he writhes, shoving his face against the tunnel wall to clear it.
that feels good, whatever you’re doing- how in the hell did you even get in there? Not that I’m complaining, I think it’s gonna take a round two to come you back out again–”
The change happens a few hours later, when drowsiness has settled over Harry and he knows it’s getting late. They settle again, and the ground beneath him is much softer. A mattress, he thinks, right before the sky cracks open and a hand reaches in.
And he wouldn’t want to arouse any suspicion.
“IF YOU DON’T WANT TO GET HURT OR DROWN I SUGGEST YOU STAY WHERE YOU ARE,” Is all he says, voice a little breathless as his hand starts to bounce. Dean can only stare in awe as a set of balls- each larger than a car- begin to bounce before him. Cas’s hand jerks, works himself, flies up and down his enormous cock and he moans low in the back of his throat.
the sight of it.
It wasn’t his fault. It wasn’t intentional. Steve stepped out of the shower and into his briefs, and who the hell checks to see if their shrunken best friend somehow wound up in their underwear? He makes it about two steps before he feels something stimulating him, a stroking-tingling sensation at the top of his dick. It brings him pause, and he reaches down to probe around the fabric for a second to see if it happens again.
having to stare straight down at a drop toward the floor. On the other, as it’s gotten harder it’s also gotten bigger, longer, filling with blood to the point that his arms no longer fully reach around it.
The second step is much the same, gently jostling him from the impact on the other side.
Soon enough her grip disappears from his knees, and two fingers push against his feet, nudging him in those final few inches until he’s held in by nothing but the tightness of her vagina and the way it seems to be pulling at him deeper and deeper still.
Steve hums another soft
And then the weight on him shifts, lifting up a little at his thighs, cock reeling down his body roughly -- silver lining, it lets him suck in a breath of fresh air.
this. He backs off with a sigh, an
DON’T-“
The bastard passed out.
, teasing and slow. Dean recognizes this as what it is: not the main event, but
Dean’s grip sliding down his cock again, squishing him even tighter, passing from head to foot and then slackening as it made it’s way down the rest of his cock.
Going straight would be faster, but it means scaling up the navy-blue seam of Bucky’s boxer briefs, and while the thought makes him tremendously uncomfortable, well…
Another loud
sends him sliding down, down, down beneath Bucky’s sack. He has to turn his head to one side to even be able to breathe, and that’s about all he manages. They’re everywhere. They’re everything, they consume his ceiling and his walls. They press down on his entire body, heavy as hell, pulling him in, slamming down onto his body over and over and over again. There’s no reprieve, no quarter, he has to push and knead them like a fucking kitten to keep skin out of his mouth.
And then he tucks his dick back into his boxers with Steve still trapped under it.
She was already feeling a little claustrophobic, being pinned between the underside of Clint’s dick and the unforgiving material of his underwear and pants. There wasn’t enough room above or below her to shift around, no real repositioning any way that would help, and to top it off Clint just keeps twitching, gently shoving her back-first into his underwear as hot throbs of blood and arousal pulse against her.
, because staring face first into a soft slit wasn’t how he wanted to spend his day.
Wilson annoys him most of all, so sometimes he pops Wilson into his mouth and sets him between his back molars. Slides his tongue over the man’s face, his front, his back. Plays with him like candy, pressing him to the roof of his mouth, letting him fall as far as the back of his throat. He thinks about swallowing sometimes, but then he’d only have two left to occupy his time.
Most importantly, most disconcertingly, it’s the way he watches two massive hands the size of houses glide toward Bucky’s waist, then furl around a zipper. He pops the button, and the sound of his zipper rolling down is a whole new type of thunder echoing all around him.
There’s no pause in his motion. Steve sees the top of the bag, the distant colors of furniture and walls too far away to comprehend - he can barely see to the end of his
He says it breathlessly, jerking his hand a little faster, staring straight down at Steve as he does so.
And then Bucky starts to sweat. It beads at the pores, it makes the fabric around him damp, and then it makes
“God damn it,” Dean mutters, and that’s all the warning Sam gets before the world shifts again. Before he can move, before he can
Still not to pull Harry out for a different place to sleep, but rather, to pull out his cock. He’s confused for a moment; this isn’t the loo. The fabric he’s on lifts up, then scoots back away from Sirius’s testicles by a few more feet, allowing Harry a full view of sagging balls, flaccid towering cock, and the backs of Sirius’s knuckles as he wraps a hand around it.
that Dean was getting hard again- the flesh above him was moving and expanding, sliding along his naked chest. He was proven wrong, though, when he realized Dean was as soft as ever.
It isn’t all that incredibly difficult really, considering the new space sitting opens up at the front of Sirius’s underwear. He grabs the fabric, grounds his elbows into the seat, then slowly pulls himself out from under them. A movement catches his eye - just one small bob in the cock above him, and it stills again. There’s some loud creaking, harry can see the skin on either side of Sirius’s private parts get a little farther away – apparently spreading his legs a bit – and then everything settles back down again.
“What the- Dean?” His cold, it seems has stripped him from his voice on top of all his other ailments, and his harsh whisper doesn’t even make it over the sound of rustling fabric. His eyes adjust barely in time to see a mound of skin over him, and then he comprehends what he’s looking at. It’s a pale hand supporting lightly tanned, enormous hips, and it looks like his destination is beneath them. He barely has time to protest before the enormous, crushing weight is settled on top of him.
sound when she hits, and his fingers don’t let up.
The world around him pulses, and he can hear Cas groaning, reverberating through his body. Something about this BJ is different, better than the rest. Something about it feels REALLY GOOD, and his hand fists in Dean’s hair to keep his mouth firmly on Cas’s dick. A sweet, tickling sort of sensation slides down his shaft until it’s on the other side of that bundle of nerves that feels the best, and god- he’s so close but he never wants it to stop.
In all actuality, what she’s grinding her clit and pelvic mound into is a pinned, struggling Maria Hill.
while people are in the room.”
himself clean and dry - no need to even go to the bathroom to clean himself off. No chance to discover Dean, and firmly assuming that any struggling sensations he feels mean it’s time to jerk off.
He doesn’t.
. Too loud to be the heartbeat he hears coming from all around him, it takes him a second to realize she’s
They both have time to catch their breath. Any hopes Steve had that all if it had been dirty talk to get himself off are promptly shattered when Bucky hoarsely says, “Grab onto them,” and starts to stand.
It’s all the movement that wakes Sam up. It’s pitch dark until his eyes adjust, and he starts to stand. He’s knocked back onto his back, though, as the ground beneath him lurches.
“Please take me out from under your balls, please let me out, god, please don’t leave me in here.”
Steve drags them both back out again. Then gently eases the tip in to right above Bucky’s head. Above him, he can hear a rumbling voice so loud and so low it’s almost thunder, “
Right over top of Sam.
at the speed of light and he’s
They don’t want to, of course, but Cas isn’t having that.
It isn’t that, though. It’s just one bicep and one thigh expanding outward by inches and then by feet.
He moves, Bucky thinks
In no time at all he grips down
“Underneath– what, underneath those? No, no I’m not–”
A long, low moan accompanies the sudden shot of pressure that forces Bucky’s body up the passage about half way, come flowing past him once before another round of pressure builds up again – Steve’s midway through orgasm, and his next peak-shot is dragged out once again by the tiny body in his dick. Enough pressure accumulates again to force him up another inch, and it’s met with a stuttered, disbelieving moan like Steve can’t fucking fathom how it feels. The third streak of come is much the same, building up and stretching things out until if forces Bucky up three or four feet from the exit.
He can see it, though.
And back up.
Cas is destroying the damn house without even realizing it, and he just keeps trying to climb on top of Dean, or pull him–
A painstaking twenty minutes passes before people stand up to leave. Tony, mindful of the mess between his thighs, does not join them. He declines to shake any hands -
Above him, Bucky’s voice is a near-deafening baritone, “Sorry, buddy, if you’re talking I can’t hear you. Tell me later after the run. It’s gonna be bumpy, alright, so try to hang on tight to my balls or something.”
It feels good. Knowing Steve’s down there, feeling him squirm around under Bucky’s balls, knowing he’s smothered beneath them and there’s nothing he can do about it. Bucky’s dick starts filling up in no time, further eradicating the space and steepening the slope behind Steve.
) is enough to get a hard pulse and the sudden flood of fresh semen slipping out of him.
Bucky unbuckles his belt with one hand, shifts his pants off and settles onto the couch. Turns his attention to Steve and undresses him like a god damn doll.
There’s a breathy exhale above him and the hands begin to slow, milking out the last droplets of it over Harry’s head. His robes, his hair, his face, they’re all soaked with his godfather’s semen.
His right hand starts at a soft rhythm, and as it strokes up the shaft his balls lift a little. When it strokes back down again they drop. At the end of every one of these, Steve’s little body gets thrown or bounced one direction or the other, sending a zinging pleasure through his sack.
“I bet that’s great,” Sam says, eyes on Steve but hips still rolling back and forth to absently fuck the guy beneath him.
The grip around his legs
He was trying to get his brother’s
Castiel never goes soft because angels don’t have a refractory period – and he’s
Directly above his head within arms’ length is the head of Bucky’s dick, soft and at rest, slit closed, the whole thing curving down lazily and pointing at him. He can barely see around it, miles and miles and miles up to Bucky’s eyes and mouth where they almost seem to miss him, searching him out among his privates.
Steve’s fingers are steely, brutal things. They press
Bucky’s speechless. Sam’s determined. He’s jumping up and down, screaming so loud his voice tears his throat, and when Steve turns toward the bed finally Bucky can’t help one optimistic second thinking
behind him. He’s lucky not to get squashed, but not as lucky as he could be. Bucky’s heavy balls settle like a crushing weight on his chest, covering him from shoulders to toes and smashing him immovably into the couch.
“Come on, man,” He mutters in exasperation, but he’s not about to turn back. He climbs on, about an inch above the base. It’s much firmer here, much warmer, and honestly? It makes the climb a little easier. Like climbing cliffs with handholds rather than sagging sand.
She can’t possibly know about the contents of his underwear, of course. She can’t know that what she’s doing feels ten times better than it normally would, because the perfect firm roundness of her grinds Dean into him. The way his erection settles snugly in the valley between her cheeks means that her muscle gently grips him, and she drags his body up and down Castiel’s cock in a manner much like his hand would - except that it comes from a stranger, which makes the nerves spark far more sweetly.
“What- Harry, you’re not underneath them, are you?” He asks, voice a little breathless but still audibly concerned.
can’t take his dick out here, on the chance that a customer comes in and sees him.
The next day comes, dread and anticipation build up in Bucky - it builds up in Steve, too, he can tell. The guy keeps reaching down and gripping himself, keeps flushing half hard, Bucky’s assuming it’s just at the thought of what he’s gonna do tonight.
Anonymous asked:
What Hill sees is this: directly above her face is smooth pale skin. Lifting her eyes up coasts along that skin until several feet away she can see a belly button. Tipping her eyes down, a
This is where the boring bit begins. Sirius sits at that desk doing whatever it is he’s doing – reading, maybe – with the only change in environment being the occasional way his cock seems to bob of its own accord, or his balls reel in a bit. Harry empties his pockets looking for something to do – they’re charmed to be bigger than normal, so he’s got a few options. His snitch, mainly, as well as a couple of books that emit their own light to read by. After a while he settles down cross-legged in front of his Godfather’s testicles, his knees pressing gently into the velvety-soft doughy flesh. It’s weird at first, he tries to push himself away from them, but after a few minutes he gives in and accepts that his legs are just going to be pushing into balls a bit.
The next two or so hours Steve spends in his prison, he at least has room to breathe and move. Everything that’d been in there with him wound up getting expelled during a wet dream, and it left behind only a quiet sort of peace - just the sound of breathing, the steady pulse of a heartbeat all around him, and the occasional gentle sway as Bucky moved against the mattress beneath him.
Steve’s still in them after they relax, after the shaking slows and stills. Bucky lets out another tired, satisfied moan. Reaches down to gently play with them, rolling them in his palm, squeezing them, sending Steve once again to the flat of his back by the unsteadiness of the ground beneath him. He hears a deep;
They invade Sam’s space and for a fleeing second he has
“Now that you mention it, no.”
“He’s my godson, I’m going to take care of him.”
Cas plucks him up with urgency and the next thing Dean knows he’s in one palm facing the head of a dick while the other hand works it, a low rumble fills the air, and Cas explodes on him in thick streaks of spurting semen. Cas works every last drop from himself onto Dean’s flailing form, struggling to stay afloat in a pool of it, arms breaking the surface and scrambling for Cas’s fingers to haul himself out.
He hears, and a sudden hot flood of semen spills back into the room he’s in.
was nice, but for some reason he never put two and two together. After he came the hardest, the
Just as quick, that free hand pushes up off the wall to grab for toilet paper, dabbing at the head of his dick, at Sam’s hair, at his own fist.
Steve can hear him through the fabric, and he slams his fist to indicate a hell no as best he can. He can see Bucky’s stomach muscles contract in tight, though, and fingertips appear again form nowhere to grind him into the place he’d just hit approvingly.
To be fair, Dean bought him that stupid atheletic cup as a
The hand returns, unswayed and unaffected, pushing her against it with the exact same gentle but pointed press.
“Buddy, you have no idea. You wanna get off on him before I put him back?
Of course, he uses his grace to clean up the mess after a few moments of enjoying the thought of Dean coated in it. He isn’t interested in making his toy suffer.
They slide under the waistband of Dean’s boxers and wrap around his soft cock, his brother sandwiched in between it and the insides of his knuckles. He’s clean at least, overpoweringly smelling like soap, thick soft cock moulding against his tiny body even though it weighs what feels like a couple hundred pounds.
Bucky moans, balls tightening a little, and he makes no move to pull Steve out. “
it. His eyes are closed, head slowly throwing itself back as he works himself harder, the ground shaking roughly beneath Sam’s feet. He can’t
“Shhh,” Bucky hushes him, a low slurr, a groan, rolling his hips forth and
So far, the things that have inspired him to furiously stroke himself off have been waking up, going to sleep, taking a piss, sitting down, driving, and having a conversation with someone. Knowing Steve’s struggling beneath his sack during all that has him rigid in a heartbeat.
Dean realizes rather abruptly what part of Cas is pinning down his thighs; mostly because it gets warmer, firmer, and starts to creep up his thigh toward his pelvis. It pushes itself up between Dean’s legs, thick but still soft enough not to crush his junk, thank
She shakes her head a little, frustrated, trying to turn her face away from a slit that almost seems bound and determined to make out with her. She lifts up both her hands to
him, fighting, squirming, struggling inside his already aching dick.
a load when he passes Steve through it.
Either way, her pussy’s perfectly lined up over his erection, Natasha’s flush in between, and god does she start squirming on him. He bites his tongue to swallow down the noises he wants to make, and he feels hard pulse after hard pulse roll through his cock as it takes up a mind of its own trying to make it inside Candi somehow.
Cas moans again at the sensation. He stopped just so he could lift up and work his trousers down a few inches, but he doesn’t even get the chance to remove his underwear before heat and pleasure spark at the stimulation.
. In no time at all he’s soaked through as she steadily leaks, wet from the feeling of him inside her and, more than that, the
Cas doesn’t give a shit about his track record- he wants to see Dean
He lands with his feet pressed against the wrinkly skin of a sack twice his size, and the looming head of his Godfather’s cock just above him. Above that, the light is slowly eclipsed by the waistband settling back into place. The fabric, no longer stretched out by Sirius’s left hand, unstoppably brings him closer to the skin of Sirius’s balls until he’s face to face with them, pressed against them from the waist down because of the hug of the fabric. They’re not exceptionally tight so he isn’t crushed, but he’s only got about three or four inches of space to move around in without the rest of him pressed flush against them, too.
it, though there’s no way Dean knew he was there.
at the top of an upstroke, with Dean curled forward over the head for the first hot gush before he’s pulled back down again. He’s stroked up in time for the second, and then the third, and then the fourth like Cas’s upstrokes are what pull each crashing wave out.
Shortly after, he feels tiny little licks - which in actuality are Castiel dragging his tongue up nearly a foot of space at a time, but they feel so minuscule Dean has a hard time fathoming them as anything other than just quick swaths of tongue. He’s dragging it over that sensitive space beneath the head, though, and coupled with his squeezing, it’s- Jesus Christ, it’s more than he was really expecting to get outta this, especially so soon. At one point, heat zings through him so sharp he actually loses focus of the road, and has to course-correct rather abruptly. Sam shoots him a look, and he struggles to keep his voice even when he says, “Pot hole.”
Steve can’t see his face. Steve can’t see anything except the balls he’s hanging onto and that rapidly hardening cock directly over his head, blocking out the rest of Bucky’s body.
He was still inside when Dean finished, half way down as Dean’s dick softened, and the deflating pressure and hardness relaxed the fleshy tube around him. Loosened them, still slick and slippery, and as Dean absently held his cock upright, there was only one direction for Sam to go.
He plants himself inside of Bucky’s favorite brand of chips while Bucky’s away at the gym, because he
Realizes Dean still doesn’t know he knows he’s down there, and flushes at the idea. Fingers slide in and free himself from cotton, and Dean can feel the tell-tale feeling of the world shaking at a rhythm. Cas is full-on jerking off while he squirms away, desperate to get the angel’s attention.
, passing at great speed and clearing too much distance toward him.
A low, rumbling, deafening noise like the true voice of an angel fills the air, but it isn’t that. It’s just his normal speaking voice, and muted at that, muffled, trying to keep it down. He has no clue thousands of people are watching the event unfold.
with Pepper since day one, absolutely enraptured with her tiny form and how different the world must seem to her. Positively delighted by just the sight of her, and fond in the way that he often is of the AI or the intelligent machinery he builds - things just to the left of human with a mind of their own.
about what it must be like in there for him. About what she’s doing to him. About how there’s nothing he can do about it.
Bucky takes his first step, and all that progress is almost gone in an instant. It feels like a swooping rush, the weight above him lessens just a little, and then it
And just as abruptly he’s up, the weight’s lifted and Steve’s lifted shortly after, just over eight inches so Bucky can grab him like nothing around the waist. He’s been this small before, but only once- secretly, in the privacy of his own room as a teenager, jerking off and hoping beyond hope he could come before he got any smaller.
It’s fortunate that Sam doesn’t notice something’s off right then and there, he just reaches out to crank up whatever tape Dean left in and starts staring out the window in his own moosey world. Which is… a freaking miracle, because it feels like Cas has wrapped his arms around every bit of what he could reach, straddled him with his legs, and has begin inching his way up it toward the head.
Frankly, it’s starting to feel like Bucky is just synonymous with dick to Steve. Like he belongs there, and what effects Steve’s cock just effects Bucky by default.
The walking stops for a while, and there’s silence.
Sam falls asleep. Between the climb, the manhandling, the dark, the warmth, and the hum of the Impala, he can’t help but go out like a light. He doesn’t know how much time has passed when he wakes up again, but it’s with the stark knowledge of what’s happened and where he is. He doesn’t hear the rumble of an engine anymore, but there
When he tumbled headfirst into Dean’s jacket pocket, he thought there were worse places to be. He quickly learned he was wrong when Dean’s hand shoved it’s way in, intruding on just about every inch of space, enormous fingertips absently searching around the pocket and landing on Sam. Without even a chance at escape, he’d been plucked up by digits that seemed to have a mind of their own, disembodied fingers that were obviously sent there for the express interest in torturing him, because that’s what they were doing.
But the experience isn’t over, and Steve watches another chip pass over his head like a UFO, soaring slow motion into the cavern behind him.
Fortunately, there’s nobody in the store right now - but he can’t leave the till to go to the back for a jerk-off session while he’s on the clock. If someone comes in trying to check out, the owner’ll kill him. Doubly so if someone skims money out of it.
Outside, Bucky moans again. Steve watches the light grow more and more distant.
Then the sound of running water, more thunderous footsteps, a shift in gravity, and then what light his white boxers let in suddenly being obscured with darkness, getting tighter, going black.
. The tables sure have turned, haven’t they, Dean?
And it didn’t stop. It was agony, too sensitive, too much, too soon, and he was getting raw. He managed to come twice more before the night was over, dick used and battered like it hadn’t been in ages, and only when Dean’s soaps were over did he take his hand out of his pocket, never the wiser.
It’s Bucky - it’s Bucky larger than life, taller than any sky scraper, so huge that his movements almost seem slow motion. It’s only after he recognizes the titan before him that he pieces together other contextual clues. The pristine white wall that circles him, stopping around the middle of Bucky’s thighs. The roof overhead not a roof at all, but a lid.
the guy comes back with a ravenous hunger and too impatient to cook.
It stays like that another twenty minutes. Natasha edges herself on her pillow, slowly hauling her body up and down it just a sparse three or four inches, soaking the fabric.
Bucky comes, and Steve watches it gush from his tip down his length, coating his hair, his chest, his face, everything. Plastering him to the underside of Bucky’s cock as his fingers smush him harder into it, riding out the wave of pleasure.
He shifts his hips just a
The justification for this particular one? If Bucky’s gonna be that small, he needs to be some place safe. If he’s going to be some place safe, it’s going to be on Steve’s person. Pockets aren’t safe enough if something were to happen, but every guy guards
Harry spends two or three minutes utterly dumbfounded here, lying half-under his Godfather’s resting sack, staring up at the head of his dick. Wondering deliriously if he’s allowed to move, if he ought to, and then forcibly reminding himself that this is Sirius, of course he’s allowed to pull himself out from under his balls.
At first, he thought the guy was pissed at him. When Cas scooped him up for bed, he thought he was getting carried into another argument about his safety.
Steve’s hand moves in his peripheral vision, gliding through space and landing at the back of Sam’s head to gently encourage him.
in a public restroom. He can hear the soft
The drive over is a freaking challenge. He sits down, and just by default his balls settle over Castiel’s entire little body. He’s tempted to reach down, tempted to adjust, but Cas laid down some very specific rules:
shaking the massive shaft beneath him. It nearly made him motion sick at first, this constant forward momentum, this thrust of just his best friend
It turns out, that position is achieved by sliding his half-hard cock up between his brother’s legs, and settling the head of it right on top of Sam’s struggling chest. The weight of it is nearly unbearable, and shoving his way out accomplishes absolutely nothing. He’s trapped, staring down the barrel of a slit almost as large as he is, completely unthought of by his sleeping brother or the angel slowly preparing behind him.
That was the left foot. The right one is next, another feeling of soaring, a little raise to the testicle on that side, and then a punishing
Actually, to be more specific, he tucks both his
He didn’t even bother to roll over. Just grabbed his cock and started stroking it.
The tip of it sweeps just low enough that it passes over his face, soaks his chest, and then Bucky slides him all the way back down to the base again. And then back up, then back down, loosely jacking himself through a daydream or fantasy. “
Back in Dean’s world, the thing pressing down on his chest gets
“The thought of you struggling to breathe down there really turns me on,” Bucky murmurs idly to his briefs. Rather, he says it to the guy inside them, but Bucky’s starting to consider the two things almost one in the same.
of the time he’s taken to absently plucking up a nearby pen and nudging her with it. Playing with her with it like it’s a stylus, tapping her little hand with the tip when she’s trying to concentrate on her phone, nudging her side or her back with it without even thinking.
And then it goes shoving itself right back up again, a little farther this time so that it settles with the tip of Castiel’s dick pressing against his right cheek.
Without warning, he rolls them forward again to cover Steve, and he spends a couple seconds jerking. It’s that same lift-lower experience, except he gets snatches of not having his mouth blocked instead of relief on his chest.
, he knew there was no way he could take Bucky off of him the next time.
Sam, rewarded for his efforts, passes through Dean’s shaft and is sent tumbling out with a thick glob of semen, oozing down the head of his dick and finally settles, panting and exhausted, on the sagging, wrinkled skin of Dean’s exhausted balls.
He can’t believe what he’s seeing, or what he’s hearing. Now it isn’t just his godfather’s hand and cock above him, it’s his face, expression twisting up in pleasure, enormous eyes periodically cracking open to stare down at him – or perhaps the cock in front of him, Harry can’t know.
And she hates the fact that it seems like he’s downplaying how low of a priority it is to him. How he’s taken to fiddling with her for a few minutes after he picks her up to move them. How he calls her
It’s wet, soft, the pressure’s firm as it pushes him into the underside of Steve’s cock. It’s wide enough that it covers every inch of him, and it’s still a little on him as it curves over the head of Steve’s dick.
Clint’s hips begin to rock subtly, just barely an inch or two, rubbing into the welcoming and tempting heat of Candi’s folds. He plays with her tits, getting lost in the sight and the feeling while the thing in his pants plays with him.
The kicker, the real kicker, is when he feels the angel start gently moving around on his over-sensitive flesh to start lapping up and cleaning the mess he made. After all, this would hardly work if Dean had to go through his entire day in cum-soaked pants.
Fortunately, the thumb disappears - though Steve’s surprised and pleased that the sensation doesn’t.
…but she doesn’t know that, does she?
, they more than body-slam him, they
He can hear Castiel peaking agan, his breath coming out rapidly, soft
He’s almost in denial this is happening.
Steve manages only a singular noise of protest before fingers the size of trees descent upon him and unceremoniously soar through the air. Buck shoves him full-fist down the front of his pants, down his boxers, right down to his flacid dick. Nestles him under it, clean between cock and balls so Steve can have absolutely no mistake on where and what his dick is doing all god damn day while he works his ass off to bring them in money.
The brutal battering stops and the hand retreats, leaving Dean a precious moment to gasp, to catch his breath, to wrap his arms around the slowly-rising cock above him to try and pull himself out of the quicksand-like skin of testicles beneath him.
it’s gonna feel so good to shove into you.”
above him, and it isn’t long before light and air replace his ceiling - followed by the hand proper, which wraps around his lower half and Steve’s cock.
Above him, Cas
there for a long moment while Castiel breathes.
that rams him breathlessly into the wall behind him. Sam struggles, shoving at the thing, trying to make room. Trying to drag himself
Bucky’s only answer is to humm softly, a pleased sound, as he gently bounces his sack with his fingers.
It just feels good.
He expects them to move, to roll over, to get cleaned up, but they
Steve groans, and following it,
way he’d be of some value in any capacity. If he isn’t capable of performing a job, he can at least perform a service as a toy, or a tool.
Dean’s balls are really stealing the show right now. He abandons the soft fondling of his cock to instead drift his hand lower, cupping and massaging his aching testicles. It just feels so fucking
wherever he bites hard enough - like a particularly sudden, slightly painful itch. It doesn’t come, and a second later he can feel the rustling beneath them as Cas works himself out. Soon enough, he feels those arms and what he assumes is the top half of a body fold over the upper side of his balls, squeezing and massaging them accidentally as they search for leverage to peel him the rest of the way out. It’s a new and interesting kind of pressure, a really pleasant rubbing and pulsing, and he’s half hard before he even starts the car.
the wall open.
the length of it, arms groping for purchase, scrambling at the head of his brother’s dick but too weak to get more than a couple centimeters of movement.
It’s slow, but it’s constant. From the belly above him comes a rumbling purr. When Dean pushes up against it now, it’s to try and buy some room to freaking
After a while he pleasantly says, “Hold on, man, I’m about to come.”
Nothing but his own voice echoes back at him for nearly fifteen minutes.
. A rumbling sound, a flood of light and fresh air, and then something invades his dark space. It’s about this time Dean starts putting two and two together, and he realizes that it’s probing fingers, an entire god damn massive
-she tries to lift her arms-
This time, he gets back a long minute of breathy silence and twitching, shaking hips that stop only right above Bucky’s head.
silently, a thick and enormous flood of semen rushing out of the slit above her and spilling over her chest, overflowing her face, between her legs, absolutely smothering her in it. That’s just the first wave. Another heated spike of pleasure in his climax brings forward a second gush, blocking all air and light and sound until she’s just
I’ll do it-”
in his god damn pants, head thrown back, a moan on his lips, fingers prodding and poking at that sensitive and tingling place, spilling seed like he was busting a fucking nut or something, riding wave after wave of it until it puttered out, flaccid and numb.
It takes him a minute to realize what he’s looking at. A flesh-colored smooth-looking rounded thing with a dark doorway-sized slit at the top. It hovers at the entrance like it’s waiting for him to realize what it is, and coincidentally it pushes in the second he does.
Bucky does his best to find his footing, to try and stand, because surely to god Steve’s bound to look down at his own dick at some point and
Curiosity gets the better of him and his hand slides beneath him, feeling for- oh.
Dean’s hand shot down to grip himself tightly, to rub and massage himself through his jeans as he
They pick up the pace, from a slow amble to brisk, and Natasha has to cling a little more tightly. The flesh she’s hugging gets a little warmer and, she realizes, a little thicker too - filling out just slightly with blood, lifting a little from where it’d been resting limp atop his balls. This subtle change isn’t so subtle to her, because it means his slit lifts up and presses directly into her face head-on, soft and clean but relentless thanks to the wall of unforgiving material behind her.
The jogging lasts for what must be an hour, and Sam has long since started to sweat. The musty scent is almost as overpowering as the crushing weight above him, but the slickness does provide
And then the movement - the sheer force he has to fight against as Bucky pulls his chip from the pile, the others catching and falling off, the combination of gravity and g-force thrusting him down so hard he has to cling with every ounce of strength he’s got. Like an angel or like God, Bucky peels him from the darkness and slowly into the light, an unfathomable blurry bright space that stretches on infinitely.
He likes it. He likes looking down from his full height, staring straight down his chest at the table, at his half-hard dick in his hands, lifting it up to see the breathless thing underneath it and then bringing his dick back down onto it in a little jerk. He likes the feeling of the thing under him reacting to it, the way it cushions his cock as it lands, the little twinge of pleasure at each slap.
His head tips back as his orgasm hits, gallons and gallons of hot come spilling over his hand and spurting in jets, raining down not only on his own balls and stomach, but on Harry as well. He shoots load after load, deaf to Harry’s cries of protest, lost in the feeling of coming so hard.
“Anthony Edward Stark, I am going to
Frantic moaning, franting shaking, frantic
it, at which point she starts flailing and biting out, “Okay, okay
against Steve’s dick.
“Maybe we should get you one of those fidget spinners,” she volunteers dryly, a hint in her voice like she’s chastising him.
its pad down onto Bucky, crushing him flat against it and soaking him in precum as Steve gently circles his head, stimulating himself - he’s not normally all that interested in the tip, but something about the nerves there feel especially good right now.
up again, tilting to deliberately pass clit over her body for the friction. It’s soaking wet this time, though, smearing slickness over her entire body and pausing once again at the top of her hump with her clit on Maria’s face. When she doesn’t get that spluttered reaction, that twinge of pleasure from Maria shaking her head back and forth, she sort of
No, what was happening was actually a hell of a lot more worrisome- he was getting
has even before she became like this.
, but instead he’s dragging the entire length of the underside of his dick up along the girl’s folds on the outside. With his condom prison he doesn’t feel wet, no flesh, just the immense pressure and heat - and of course, the twitch from Steve that follows it.
here."
"Dean, I'm not sure I understand."
Dean starts shaking, earning him Cas's hand on his back, which only makes him shake harder.
"Leaving? Like for good?"
Sobs wrack his body, his words coming out so broken that only someone like Cas could ever decipher them. "We didn't deserve any of that. Sam didn't deserve any of it."
"Yes, you should." Cas steps away, his eyes trained on Dean's face, slowly moving around as if memorizing every detail. "Your party is tomorrow."
“Cas…I’m so sorry.”
"For?" Cas has a fond smile, directed at Dean, and it's almost too much for him to handle.
His room suddenly seems too far away, and the exit seems way too close.
The soft sound of footsteps makes itself known, but Cas doesn’t move. With any luck, whatever it is will move on past and not notice him. It’s an overly optimistic thought; any number of the Purgatory dwellers can sense an angel--Cas is surprised he hasn’t been found now.
Dean nods. Okay, cool. He can do this. Whatever
Not now.
There’s nothing left to do. Nothing left but to pray to Cas and hope that he’s listening. Hope that he’s not gone.
Another two-fingered forehead touch, and Dean's once again sitting at the bunker's table, Cas standing next to him.
“Man, I hope you can hear me. I hope you can hear me.”
"Happy birthday indeed." Dean's still all-too-aware of Cas's hand, touching the bare skin just underneath the hem of his shirt. He yawns, and realizes just how late it is. "I better get to bed."
Cas’s heart drops. Despite what Dean thought, he is far braver than he seems to believe, and of course this would be the time to say it. Still the Empty’s words persist, always jogging in the back of Cas’s mind. Going against what his heart desires, to let Dean speak, he cuts him off.
Cas frowns. "Like… go back in time?"
And, yet, none of that matters.
"You no longer have a use for me here. You have Sam. I don't see the problem."
. I've never met another one like you."
"I love you." The words are quiet, and he's scared Cas can't even hear him, until another smile breaks across his face.
"And that is?" Cas sounds beyond happy, and Dean wonders why he never kissed Cas before.
"January twenty-fourth, nineteen-ninety-six." Dean drums his fingers on the journal, fighting back the urge to tell Cas to forget it. "About nine at night?"
He takes a deep breath, fighting to keep it together, even though it's just Cas at his side, Cas who's seen him at his worst.
"Do you mean to say…?"
," Dean says, rising to his feet, "is that I want
Dean thinks, cycling through their memorable moments in his head. "Purgatory." Maybe it's not exact, but it's the moment he realized how much he wanted Cas beside him, for as long as he can. "You?"
--they get Cas back, Dean will tell Cas he loves him, everything else be damned.
Light filters in through the half-shaded windows, reflecting on the dust floating along the shafts of sunbeams. The air conditioning hums, mixed with the soft chatter of the brunch crowd. The diner door opens occasionally with the gentle ring of a bell. The warm smell of coffee and pancakes fills the air.
There are times when it feels like the world slows down. You blink and seconds move past like molasses. You're the heartbeat of the storm, watching your life swirling past while you're falling.
"Yes."
. But, even then…
Dean peels open his eyes, only to see Cas's face full of concern. He slams his eyes closed again as his stomach threatens to spew. He tries to take deep breaths in order to save himself an embarrassing run to the toilet.
Dean turns back to the grave, and he blames the heat for making it so hard to breathe.
"Yes."
. We've done so much to everybody, and to each other. And…you've left. I don't think I could handle you leaving again."
"Y'know, I think…" That's as far as he gets, before another wave of sickness washes over him. Damn you nerves, and damn you feelings. Everything would be so much easier if he had neither. "I think I lo...think about you...the same way you think about me."
Any other time Cas would’ve been overjoyed to know for certain that what he feels towards Dean isn’t one sided, and any other time he would tell him as soon as they were face-to-face.
“They were after me and not you. I figured it would be safest to give myself up.”
"Are you going somewhere?"
The silence around him shatters. He waits for a few moments, as if Cas would appear before his eyes, unharmed and okay.
Dean allows himself a smile, if only for the moment. "Yeah, Cas, I do." Seconds drop like pebbles off a cliff. "I'm scared."
, but he knows he can’t stop now, not with the uncertainty of if Cas is even alive, not with the knowledge that he hasn’t the strength to say these words any other time.
A figure moves in the corner of his eyes, and he jumps.
Cas hums. "The barn in South Dakota."
Dean stares straight ahead, stubbornly avoiding Cas's eyes. "Of course you are?"
He turns to Cas right in front of his door. "I'm sorry," Dean says. "I really am. For… everything."
Dean takes a moment to collect his thoughts, so everything won’t come spilling out at once.
"They were in love. And I thought Dad...this was…that he
. I saw your soul in the pits of hell, and I knew instantly that my life would never be the same. You taught me family and heartbreak and grief and joy and love." Dean swears that Cas almost,
He stands, and makes his way over to the trash can, which is empty. He drops the journal in, the book falling open and the pages fanning out. He digs around in the nearest drawer for a bit, and pulls out a matchbook. He strikes a flame and drops it onto the pages, staring at his father's neat handwriting for the last time. The smell of smoke drifts to his nose, bringing him right back to that graveyard, to those ghosts standing and watching him set them on fire. He closes his eyes, all the weight pressing in on his lungs now turning to ash.
Those few words are enough for Dean to keep silent, his eyes filling with something like pain. Cas gives him a small, hopefully reassuring smile, praying that Dean understands he isn’t trying to reject him, that he wants Dean to say it, but this is neither the right time nor circumstance. Cas can’t shake the feeling that Dean looks incredibly hurt anyway, even as he starts to walk towards the rift. He can’t help but notice that it takes Dean a moment to follow him.
He glances over his shoulder at Cas, who's watching him curiously, hands stuffed in his pockets. Something almost foreign bursts inside Dean's chest, something he hasn't truly felt since Cassie, and he dares not to name it, not wanting to curse it out of existence.
Their lips meet, and Cas doesn't move. Dean has a long moment of panicking that he did, in fact, read Cas wrong, and Cas doesn't feel the same way, before Cas kisses him back, his hand moving to lightly brush through Dean's hair.
"Damn it!" Dean says, standing up fast enough to knock over his chair. He swipes across the table, scattering the books and Dean's long-forgotten plate of food to the ground. He kicks at the table and picks up a chair, chucking it a few feet across the room.
Maybe he can have it all.
Dean glances up at Cas. "It's my birthday today."
He realizes with a sickening jolt that he's been falling ever since purgatory, ever since Cas chose heaven over him, ever since he drove that damned demon blade right into Cas's heart. And that's why he doesn't want Cas to leave.
Dean holds Cas's gaze despite the tears earnestly streaming now. There's something in Cas's eyes that Dean can't name, yet it curls in his stomach and burns in his throat and blurs his thoughts until there's nothing left but action.
"Of course I am? What does that mean?"
Dean has enough time to feel Cas's fingers press against his forehead before he's no longer in the bunker. Rather, he's in a cemetery, full of gravestones that look halfway on death's door themselves. The ground is rocky and uneven, cut through with large limbs from the storm that happened a night ago.
“Okay,” he says, a new determination running through him.
A version of Dean much, much younger than him, climbs out of a hole that took hours to dig. His jacket is three sizes too large, and the sleeves almost cover his hands. Even from where Dean stands, he can see the grief masked by determination.
"Goodnight, Dean."
"I thought it was my fault for the longest time." His voice wobbles. "There's no way Dad could've known, but…I thought it was my fault and he knew and I was getting punished somehow." Dean shuts his eyes. "They didn't even try and stop me. They just stood and watched and stayed together 'til the end."
"Dean?"
"Are you still going to leave?"
Dean follows him out into the hallway, towards the front door. Cas is even walking like he's pissed, though he can't figure out why.
Cas sighs, looking like he's steeling himself. "Yes. I'm leaving."
Dean groans. "We're dumbasses."
obsessed." Dean swipes a pile of empty beer bottles to the floor, stepping through them carelessly in socked feet, beelining towards the wall, where he landed in a punch every couple of words. "He didn't even have time for his own fucking kids." He punches the wall once more, his knuckles burning almost as much as the rage in his heart.
Cas smiles, soft and sweet, and Dean looks away again. "I know. It'll still be your birthday when you wake up, though."
"Cas…"
"No, like… view memories but not actually be there?"
"Of course not, Cas."
faltered on that last word.
"You want me here," Cas repeats. "Why? Because I'm an angel? Because I'm useful? Because there might be another apocalypse right around the corner and you'll never know when you'll need me again?"
"Dean," Cas says, the word a mix of hope and prayer and joy and
“I should’ve stopped you. You’re my best friend, but I just let you go….” He shakes his head, forcing himself to speak around the lump in his throat. “‘Cause that was easier than admitting I was wrong.”
Dean lightly chuckles, remembering Jack's eager insistence that Dean should have a birthday, since he's never had a true party before. Dean thinks the kid just likes parties. "It is, isn't it? I think I have everything I need, already."
we're both a couple of dumbasses." At Dean's blank stare, Cas sighs. "I love you too."
Without thought, Dean raises his hand to stroke his knuckles down Cas's cheek, before realizing that might come off wrong, and dropping his hand.
…that this was my…" He shuts his mouth, his throat closing up on him. It feels like something inside of him is breaking beyond repair. He quickly shoves everything far, far away before this can get out of hand and he says something he
Younger Dean pulls a matchbook out of his pocket, clutching it in his hand like a lifeline. Dean swallows, forcing himself to look at his younger self's face, where a storm of emotions is brewing, each little expression instantly recognizable by Dean. In slow motion, he lights the match, letting the flame sit on the tip for only a moment, before letting the match pinwheel down to the corpses, where it ignites the gas and the whole scene is painted in reds and oranges.
"As you wish," Cas says.
Dean paces forward until he can see into the grave, where two skeletons lay side by side. He drops to his knees, letting one hand rest on the ground at the head of the gravesite.
The words are spoken with such reverence that if there was any doubt before, there was none in Dean's mind now--he's well and truly fallen for the angel that fell for him so long ago.
Cas pulls back, cupping Dean's face with his hand, the other anchored firmly on Dean's hip. Dean can't meet his eyes, ashamed of the way tears run freely down his cheeks. "You still grew to be a man who gives everything for his family, despite it all. That is more than your father can say." Cas tilts Dean's chin until their eyes meet. "Listen to me. You are one of the best men I've ever known."
The sky is gray and overcast, pressing against the top of the trees as if threatening to rain, despite the oppressive dryness of the air that promises to choke the life out of anything and everything. There is no breeze to carry the cocktail stench of sulfur and rotting meat and every other horrible thing on this planet and beyond, the kind of smell that keeps vomit pressing at the back of your throat. There’s no sound for miles except the rustling of leaves. Even the monsters seem to be staying away, for once. The whole place is dead, lifeless; not even a bug could manage to live here.
"I’m so glad to see you! How about a toughie: Gabe shrinks Sam and Dean and puts them in a fake city so small Cas only sees dust on his bed before he decides to masturbate."
He showers and leaves Bucky on there because
Just the little thing on his kitchen table, who he tries out something new on almost daily. Today he’d been walking naked through the apartment, spotted the little guy, and turned over in his head not for the first time that even his
Dean hummed in pleasure, swallowed down a hitched breath, and traced a thumb over the head of his cock.
Tony’s hand curls around her, ripping her through the air too-quick and too careless to sweep her gently into the seat between his legs beneath the table. The first open but hidden spot he could think to dump her, because there are no breast pockets on this suit and the pants pockets are entirely too tight.
He’s back face to face with balls, the tip of Sirius’s dick gently brushing his hair, everything softly jostling and bouncing as he walks. This time, Harry knows to reach out and embrace the sack in front of him to keep from being tossed every which way.
Dean goes faster, his gasps filling the air, his cock pulsing and throbbing over his brother. Sam can feel how close he is, he can feel through the pulsing and the twitching that Dean’s really enjoying himself. He can feel rolling throbs running through it, and he knows Dean’s chasing an orgasm no matter how loudly Sam begs him not to.
Loud, reverberating thumps shake the world that he’ll later realize are footsteps. He sees clear ridges, soft silicon swirls and rings, and an opening to the tunnel at the very end. Shortly thereafter, dark fleshy-looking masses wrap around the tunnel and then the world shakes, throwing him back against the far wall.
He thinks he’ll leave Dean there for the foreseeable future.
Dean rolled over onto his back, rolled his head to one side and smiled a soft smile at the black bedhead nestled beside him. Cas didn’t strictly
“Young blood, walk with me,” comes the deep baritone of the man Natasha knows to be in charge.
He’s in Dean’s pocket, sitting on what must be the back of his curled fist. Thank god he’s even alive, it’s sheer luck he managed to survive that fall and he knows it. What’s more, with Dean’s hand in here, he’s presented with a new opportunity to get the man’s attention. He moves, shifts, pushes himself off of the back of Dean’s hand and deeper into the pocket, down off to the side of his thumb. With both hands, he grasps the digit. Pulls it, shakes it, prods it to get Dean’s attention. At first nothing happens, but soon Dean’s hand shifts, thumb pulling away from Sam’s attention and fingers seeking him out in the dark.
“And then you got stuck in my dick,” he volunteers the ending of the story, not yet lifting a hand to pull Bucky out. Instead, Bucky feels a little bit of force like the movement of a car as Steve starts walking, a gentle up-down rhythm to everything. It wouldn’t be so bad if he weren’t where he was, and every too-quick drop threatens to pull him a little further in.
Frankly, it’s a bit hard to pay attention to them when he’s confronted with the sight before him. Sirius’s balls absently flex a bit, contracting just a sliver with the news he’s hearing before settling heavy and loose again. Harry’s absolutely stunned, rocked still with disbelief at the whole affair and where he is now.
. He presses a palm to either side of Cas’s cock and
groans. It’s a sound that reverberates all around him, it vibrates the muscle squashing him tight against dick. It nearly bursts his eardrums just from the soft humming Sam’s doing around the head of Steve’s dick.
It’s erased by the waistband coming back up again without a single word.
Okay, yeah, time to get the hell outta here.
Now, he’s nothing. Not minded, not cared for, there is no Bucky because there’s a mile of distance and a mountain of fabric separating him, and he is trapped alone with dick. So close, but he might as well be on another planet. All the yelling in the world doesn’t even drown out the thunderous steps of Bucky walking, of the subtle skin slapping on skin, of the traffic, of anything. He beats and pounds his fists in frustration at the flesh pinning him, but only once does it twitch.
He’s a little hard before his ass even hits the seat.
“Oh god,” she manages finally, trying to press into Clint’s skin to shove herself down his dick. It twitches. “Clint-- please don’t fuck her-- Please don’t put it in her--”
against it and drug up and down against steely erection. He can feel how much Cas loves it, he can tell by every hard jolt that thrusts against him, every tightening up of those fingers to meet a spike of pleasure, every fresh gush of precum that he’s rubbed against when he’s dragged back up to the head of it.
Maybe it’s just that Harry’s so starved for this kind of overt male authority figure that he can’t find it in himself to argue, and when Sirius closes his underwear around Harry again he’s left feeling incredibly conflicted. Burning with embarrassment and confusion, oddly comforted by being so close and so vigilantly looked after by his Godfather, frightened at his situation and... Really, he cannot overstate how embarrassing it is to be in here.
clean over it, slit sliding along his nose and mouth. Sam rises, and the rubbing relents. He lowers, breathing out, and it resumes. Dean splutters, shoving at it, struggling to keep sweat from his mouth, pushing the intrusive head from his face.
At least Steve knows he isn’t cheating.
“I’m so sorry, Dean, I didn’t see you there,” He says, flushing with guilt, shame, and… the smallest bit of regret that he stopped things so soon. It really had been quite a nice sensation.
Dean had been so fucking close, he’d been
Dean, for his part, realizes who’s got him only when the hand jerking him
The moaning becomes a constant. The grinding becomes nonstop. It’s like he’s looking for Bucky with each punishing thrust of his hips.
them around in a massive palm, smushing him and burying him in skin. Outside this space, the rumbling thunder of a groan sounds.
He wouldn’t get a chance to find out.
. Cas seems to love it, though, because for
The knuckles above him shift and tighten, and then Sirius begins to take a piss. It’s right over Harry’s head, he can see thousands and thousands of gallons begin to pour out with force from the tip of Sirius’s dick, and drop hundreds of feet down in a waterfall into the toilet below. The sound it makes is nearly deafening, a roaring waterfall.
Oh, god. The world around him slows from its chaotic shaking, spasming, twitching, to gentle barely-there movements like the sea tide. Bucky’s coasting through the afterglow of the best orgasm he’s ever had in his whole damn life, and only after that does he realize something’s amiss.
grip tightening, because whatever the
Cas sleeps like a god damn octopus. It took Dean a lot of getting used to, given his previously solitary lifestyle. Six or eight months of sleepless nights while an angel plastered himself half on top of Dean, arm over his chest, leg slipping between Dean’s. Thank god he wasn’t still at angel strength, or Dean never would have been able to shrug him off.
He stares up the enormous height of Dean’s torso, and sighs. And maybe, just maybe he finally understands all that complaining about him being
“Um. Cas? What the hell?”
, and his fingers dig circles into himself again.
Dean’s cock twitches and throbs and he has to stop, panting and heaving against Cas’s chest to adjust.
He grips so hard Bucky feels his back crack. Above him, a steadily rising crescendo of
anonymous asked:
Steve gently releases his cock, half hard so that it’s propped up by the muscles of his barely-reclining stomach. “I got stuff to do, I’m sure you can figure it out.”
He does not even remotely seem to notice. Seems like his body is aware of only one thing – the mattress beneath his hips, and the guy beneath his dick.
Those sagging, wrinkly balls draw in a bit before his eyes, just feet away, and Harry falls backward onto his ass against the taut wall of fabric stretching between Sirius’s thighs where he’s shoved his underwear down a few inches.
? Did he just come
something on it, and a quick calculation tells him there’s no fucking way he’s going to be able to climb a 90 degree angle up Steve’s flat, hairless abs.
“Then yeah, man, I’d love to come on him first.”
So she concedes to
The redhead is next. He traces her body with his tongue, brings her in between his lips and prods her with the tip of it to try and taste her. Licks his lips and drags her into his mouth, rolling her in saliva. He can feel her squirm, and knows his idea for her is going to be good.
