“Come on.” he says quietly. “I think after eight years of living together I know you a little better than that sweetheart.” Tony hums at that but doesn’t respond, and Steve reaches over to brush some of Tony’s hair behind his ear.
There’s silence and Steve decides he might as well get started on his bandages, giving Tony a little time to answer if he wants to. He heads into the bathroom, and strips off his shirt, leaving the door open. He’s in the middle of unwrapping his shoulder when he gets a response.
Tony comes back in twenty minutes instead of ten, and he jokes around, trying return to how he had been before, but Steve can see the tightness around his eyes, the strain in his voice at times. Something’s wrong, but Steve can’t figure out what.
“And I suppose I should be worried about the fact that all of you seem to be thoroughly familiar with the
“Trouble? Who’s going to any trouble?” Tony grumbles in response. “It would take like max, two seconds, you realize the lab has a place where original Tony manufactured all his prototypes, this isn’t new information right, you know this?”
When he finally finishes, he pauses in the middle of the lab, the place now as clean as it’s going to get considering Steve has no idea where to put the errant tools, and leans against the main workbench, staring at the suits.
Rhodey, Happy, Pepper and Morgan are all waiting there when Steve finally arrives; he gets tackled by Morgan, says a warm hello to everyone else (hugs all around) and leads the way to the living room sedately, thoroughly worried despite himself. He’s not the only one, Morgan might be the only person who is actually relaxed at the moment, her tiny hand in Steve’s where she had grabbed it upon entering, swinging their arms and humming happily.
, expression twisted in repressed pain and it’s really one of the few times Tony has seen him cry and he can’t help thinking it’s fitting that Steve is standing with his family, because it’s Steve, it’s Steve, it’s always been Steve.
“Have you made a decision about Morgan and Tony?” Steve asks Pepper quietly as he watches her place a dozing Morgan onto her booster seat in the backseat of her car.
Anyways, I'm just writing this to let you guys know that the story is currently undergoing re-writing. I still plan on seeing this through until the end, definitely, because I'm still in love with this idea, but I've realized after about three months of writer's block that I hadn't developed the plot enough before I started writing, and now I've written myself into a hole with no way to continue lmao. It's a learning process XD *shrugs*
“I got set back a while, once I didn’t need the arc reactor anymore.” Tony explains after he had ran shrieking down the halls that morning, grabbing Steve and dragging him down to the workshop. “I had to find some way to mount it properly, and improve on an icing issue…”
, and Tony laughing so hard his stomach hurt, and Steve sniping back that how was he supposed to know that them passive aggressively arguing over a car seat was premature love…
I felt the need to make Hamilton Musical references so I did. I am also ignoring all the potential angst of comparing Tony's life to Aaron's because NO. Fluff and rainbows for this one.
“We don’t bring that kind of talk into this house young man,” she laughs giving him a fake stern look, and they go back to discussing mundane things.
Later on, he sits in the bay window of the guest room instead of the bed once Pepper gets him settled. He finds he can’t sleep, so he watches the glittering drift of moonlight over the surface of the water, the gentle sway of the trees, because it’s infinitely better than tossing and turning on the sheets, the final battle and the look on Tony’s face as he fades replaying behind his eyelids everytime he tries to rest, tears staining the pillow. So he sits there, resolutely keeping his eyes open and finally drifts off in the early hours of the dark morning with the light of the stars printed behind his eyelids, burning cold and too bright, watching over from their place in the sky.
Tony seems completely unperturbed at Steve’s less-than-impressed expression, only widening his gorgeous brown eyes as he blinks at Steve and continues smiling. It’s a look of complete innocence. A look that can do no wrong. Steve doesn’t believe it for a second.
“Do I need to go fetch the ‘Get Along’ shirt again?” Steve interrupts amusedly, and both Sam and Bucky’s heads snap over to look at Steve in comical synchronized horror.
much to him, not when the other Avengers have made it clear that they want Tony around, not when Tony barely knows him, hasn’t even spent two days talking to him, not when he’s already begun building a home here-
“Whatever Steve.” Natasha laughs, interrupting him. “I’m going to go wake up the rest. Stay decent.” She points at Tony. “Talking to
“I have to ask though,” Tony continues, and Steve tilts his head in question. “Before we go any further, I need to know. You already heard what I have to say about Pepper, but are you sure you’re okay with...moving on from Peggy? I know how much you care about her and I don’t want you to regret starting something with me if you still love her and maybe you could, could figure something out with her, or -”
The nanites encase him, not completely, but enough to do damage, and Steve falls, wind rushing past his ears, everywhere the suit is touching starting to burn, searing and sizzling, and he would scream in pain but there’s no air, and he blacks out, he must have because everything seems to fade far away, the noise and the wind and the burning and-
Steve gets closer to Pepper, Morgan, Happy and Rhodey inevitably, because you can’t live through those terrible days together, leaning on each other, healing slowly, without feeling a kinship. He knows them now, truly knows them like he hadn’t before, and tries to help out where he can, tries to heal.
“Canoodling?” Tony asks, incredulous, craning his neck to look at an unimpressed Natasha, and Steve groans, turning red and burying his face in Tony’s neck.
"Well?" He demands. Steve doesn't know how to respond to that anger, the emotion passionate and warm and lost to him.
“God, I miss them.” Bruce had said quietly, staring at the fire. Clint put his hand on Bruce’s arm, since he couldn’t actually give him a proper hug, and hummed quietly in understanding. There were sad smiles exchanged around the circle, before Morgan laughed and poked at Peter, who was sitting beside her. “Do you remember,” she started, looking around the group, “when Steve came to stay with me and mom, and he jumped a mile in the air because he wasn’t expecting to hear Friday in the house?” and the group broke out into quiet laughter. Then Rhodey chimed in, “hey, did I ever tell you about the time Tony…” and it went on from there, with everyone sharing a couple stories about the three of them.
Natasha’s laughing at something Peggy’s husband had said when Tony arrives back to the living room and she raises his eyebrows at how Tony’s almost glowing.
Steve admits he was nervous about the entire process the first time they went through it. Say what you want, but crossing from the spiritual realm to the physical is nerve-wracking no matter how you slice it, especially since the first time Steve had crossed over he had been on his deathbed. That would give anyone the heebie-jeebies, no matter how much he might joke about it.
“You’re here literally everyday,” Steve points out with a chuckle, kind of suspecting that they’re just here to keep him company, and sits down beside Harley on the bed. “At this point, I’m not entirely sure you two
Things finally come to a head one afternoon when everyone is called to assemble(minus Harley who is not an official Avenger yet because he's still in training).
They pop into existence at the edge of the forest near the lake, and locate Pepper and Happy at the back of the house, sitting on the porch swing in quiet companionship. Pepper is reading a book, leaning happily against, well, Happy, who’s tapping calmly at a Stark tablet. Steve smiles at the domestic scene before them, glad that they found each other.
Steve sneers out the last bit, his voice ugly as Tony's eyes widen with shock, and he's so angry, at Tony, at the world, wound up too tight for too long and it's almost a relief, to get these poisonous words out, because wrong as it is, that's how Steve feels.
“Gets the job done doesn’t it.” Steve says, shutting off the acetylene blow torch. “Not all of us can be engineers with a bajillion PhDs.” He pushes the welding mask up and gives Tony a cheeky smile.
As they all trickle back to the living room, Steve hangs back a bit, and watches them, this room of people he cares about, and the young and bright minds that are Earth’s future, all talking and laughing and alive, and he feels immeasurably warm and content, the darkness and grief farther from him than they’ve ever been in the many months after the battle.
Natasha doesn’t cry. But even the toughest people might make an exception when their heart is shattering.
“You’re welcome to crash in one of the guest bedrooms here,” she says, getting up with a grunt and a muttered “I’m getting too old for this”. Steve hides his smile, but shakes his head slightly.
"What does it look like? I'm helping." Comes the terse reply. Steve doesn't know what to say, so he doesn't say anything, going back to the battle.
"I hardly think that matters." she smiles sadly and then shushes Morgan when she stirs a bit on her shoulder, rocking her gently back to sleep. “I know you loved him Steve. And I loved him, and Morgan did and Rhodey did, and everyone on the Avengers team, and Peter and Harley…” she trails off, and then shakes her head, coming back to herself. “You can’t quantify that. We all lost him, and so we all mourn. Together.”
"My apologies," Steve murmurs, a little stilted. "That was rude of me. It's just. I have to go. I have duties."
They pull back eventually, and Tony sets his forehead against Steve’s, happy smile plastered firmly on his face.
, but then she sees Steve and her hand goes slack, the knife falling to the floor with a clang, and the expression on Steve’s face is heartbreaking, and long story short, they all end up in a gigantic sobbing mess of a group hug.
Once the afternoon comes around, people start showing up, Peter, Ned and Aunt May, Harley, Clint and Laura with their kids Lila, Cooper and Nathaniel, Hope and Cassandra, Dr. Strange with Wong, and finally Valkyrie. It’s the only people who are currently on Earth, or not otherwise occupied with running a country (save for Valkyrie) or company, but it’s still more than Steve expected, and so he feels a deep sense of happiness and calm as he greets people as they come in. There are hugs all around, and then everyone goes to get food, sitting down in the expansive living room, talking.
“Steve no. It’s not your fault. That sentence is unimportant. Do you hear me?” Tony glares at him. “It is NOT your fault. Any of it. Not the workshop, or the phone call thing.”
It had all turned out fine though, because although Bruce apparently hadn’t gotten around to actually telling Scott
“You bet your star-spangled ass I have.” and Steve laughs again, flicking a bit of batter at Tony (which goes through him of course) when he starts moving his hand through the mixing bowl absently, fingers pixelating as it goes into the metal. Tony watches the batter land on the counter behind him and then turns to give Steve another offended look.
“Unit designation confirmed.” A voice chimes, and Steve suddenly feels like he can’t breathe, like all the oxygen has been sucked out of the room, like he’s been suckerpunched, because he
Steve watches the both of them in turn, feeling unbearably warm and sappy, at how they're interacting, snarking, how Tony seems to just belong. This is what he had been missing for the entire week Steve was hung up on the past, this sense of family, this happiness? Steve could kick himself, but he has it now, and he doesn't plan on letting it go. There are still reservations of course, little twinges of hurt, but the price paid is worth it in the end.
"After all," he murmurs, "pretty thing like you, I should think I'd want to stay and get to know you better."
Tony keeps trying to figure it out. It’s the innate explorer and inventor in him, Steve knows, but it’s growing increasingly taxing trying to keep this secret from him. It’s not hard to hide the vines themselves, because even before, Steve’s never changed clothes in front of Tony.
None of them seem to have noticed he’s awake so Steve shifts a little, intending to sit up, but hisses when his bandages shift, irritating his skin, a sharp stab of pain shooting through him.
“Wait. What?” The kid tilts his head sideways in confusion, which Tony admits is frankly kind of adorable. He looks like a puppy. A confused, evil puppy.
Steve contributes to the conversation more here, even though he himself has nothing much to offer. He can’t remember much of Natasha, Bucky and Sam anymore so he listens to Tony recounting his memories of his own kingdom and visits to others, of Maria his long deceased mother, of Pepper, Rhodey, Happy, Clint, Peter, Harley, Shuri, Nebula, Stephen, t'Challa, Bruce, Thor.
Steve loses track of how long they just stay there, not saying anything, but Tony eventually leans over a bit to look at Steve, who still stares resolutely at the ceiling, ignoring him. Tony seems to have calmed down more at this point as well, face neutral as he gazes down at Steve.
“...why are you yelling at me.” Steve says after a moment of tense silence, not letting himself respond to the barb. He hadn’t noticed when he had first walked into the room, focusing more on how tired Tony had appeared to be, but now that Steve looks closer, he can see how tense Tony actually is; face drawn; hackles risen, as if rearing for a fight.
“Who me?” he asks, and Bucky chucks a pillow at his face, which he dodges with a laugh, dropping the innocent-wide-eyed expression.
Just the damage one small container of nanites can do; the Avengers have fought it twice, and almost lost someone just those both times alone, barely managed to defeat it. How do you fight something that’s intangible, is programmed with the ability to become
They had been learning, or rather, for Steve, re-learning each other, the nuances to bantering with Tony, the rise and fall and soothing cadence of his rambling stories, the bright amusement of his eyes as Steve had snarked back, as they had relaxed slowly, slipping into light-hearted conversation, familiar and comfortable. Steve knew that his own insecurities and hangups weren't entirely gone, this extended talk was hardly going to be the cure-all for something like that, but for now, the dark looming cloud of it is pushed far back, dissipated a bit, wounds aired out. He stays in the moment, in conversation with Tony, wouldn't ever want to be anywhere else.
"You're not a replacement." Steve interrupts, fiercely, and Tony blinks. "That was dumb. That was stupid. That was
Thanks to all of you guys for being so patient with me while I try to navigate writing lol. You guys are great. Stay awesome! :)
There’s Pepper and there’s Peter crouching, and at this point Steve no longer knows who else is there, because his vision has tunneled and blurred with tears, and he walks forward slowly, can feel his limbs going numb with shock, because
Tony grins as he turns to Steve, taking in the vision of him leaning against the doorframe. The cut of that suit is
Peter had been the first to dash off, citing he has homework, although Steve kind of suspects it’s just an excuse to escape the rest of the Avenger’s collective mother-henning. Bucky and Sam left a couple of minutes after to get prepared to leave for his mission, Sam picking up the “you need backup” argument where he left off, and Harley had mentioned promising to help out a friend with a school project.
“Draw something.” Tony laughs, shoving the palette of pastels at him and a sheet of paper. “Your vacant staring is
The borders howl as he approaches, become seemingly more violent as he plods forward, a wall of wind and snow that kept them prisoner for so long.
I'll probably be posting the next chapter soon, because I realized as I was approaching the word count of around 28,000 that I far surpassed the limit I had wanted to set for each chapter, so I chose a scene change and stopped it there. As a result I already have part of chapter 3 written. Woot woot. XD
Patience is a virtue, but Steve’s never had a lot of that, even as that thin sickly kid from Brooklyn, always so eager to help, to fight. And so the fact that he can’t really do much at the moment just burrows under his skin, settling there, uncomfortable and always present.
He coughs. He grows feeble sometimes. Steve chalks it up to the cold at first, as he’s seen humans get sick from his winters, but this seems to go further, embedded deep into bones. It never goes any more serious than that, yet there’s an infinite amount of sadness everytime Tony hacks into his hand, and Steve doesn’t understand.
“She was a former HYDRA agent.” Steve tells them quietly, and everyone freezes, tension skyrocketing.
“love…” Steve murmurs, and he tries his best to listen to Tony’s response, but he can’t concentrate beyond the pain slowly building in his chest, crescendo-ing into pure agony. His hands burn, and it’s only his inability to draw in breath that stops him from screaming.
“No, no no.” Quantum waves a hand impatiently, “You’re telling me...to leave? As in...you’re. Letting me go. Escape?”
I apologize for the rather shitty AI name Tony has, but unless you want him to be named Technological Operating Network Yams, we're stuck with what I have right now (Y words are hard to find okay XD)
Steve snorts. “Kind of.” he says dryly. Pepper smacks him gently on the arm. “Shut up and listen young man, wisdom is being imparted here.”
me." Tony hisses, following Steve, not taking the hint. "We live in the same compound, I pretty much control the place, and I don't know what I've done to earn this-this passive aggressive attitude, but it
Hey guys, I apologize for the long wait in between the last chapter and this one, I got really sick at one point, and then problems of the emotional kind and then things were just bleh for a while. It got better though and now I'm back and writing again :)
“This is going to be epic.” Natasha concludes happily, and then starts jabbing them with sharp fingernails until they all get off the stairwell so they can tail Happy and Pepper.
That particular argument about backup had been won by Sam after he had ended up flying away with said tactical gear, refusing to return it until Bucky agreed to let him come. There had been a lot of shouting and running around and at some point Bruce, Peter, and Wanda had stuck their heads out of their respective windows of the second floor to watch the commotion.
Steve shuts off the private comms on Tony’s indignant spluttering with a smirk and puts his concentration back on the fight.
“Shut it Rogers,” he says, squinting, which seems to be the breaking point for Steve as he finally bursts into laughter.
“I love you.” Tony says softly, and Steve freezes in place. His heart feels like it’s going to pound his way out of his chest.
“Tony?” Steve gasps dazedly when he finally draws away, buries his face in Steve’s neck. His arms come up automatically to hold Tony to him, enjoying the feeling of having him in his arms, the thump of his heartbeat, smoothing a hand down his back like it’s the most natural thing…
“Just...one of those days.” He says softly, going back to tapping away at his schematic. Steve doesn’t say anything in response, and the silence stretches, punctuated by the soft clicks of Tony typing away at the keyboard.
"-Y'know it could even just be a footnote: hey heads up, the former Captain America is a shit stirrer, pass it on. Basic courtesy okay, because this is a
“That’s not what I meant,” Steve snorts, giving them an unimpressed look at the avoidance of the question, voice lowered so as not to disturb Morgan. “And you know it.”
“Of course.” Tony says matter of factly, pulling Steve down so that their bodies are flush against each other. “Stuck with me. Always.”
Steve can’t help but roll his eyes, and again there's the pain immediately following the fondness, but Steve shoves that firmly to the back of his mind. Deal with this now, grieve later.
“I mean why not?” Tony replies, bouncing a little on his toes in his excitement. It’s kind of adorable, but Steve resolutely ignores that in order to concentrate on the matter at hand. “It’s almost April 1st.”
things.” he says, laughing as Ned tries to suffocate himself with a pillow. “Are they still playing it?”
those?? They’re so old!” which apparently proves to be too much for May, coming from a relic from the 1940s, who starts dying of laughter, and goes to grab some more food, giving Steve a friendly pat on the shoulder as she passes by.
He pauses though when he gets to the report for the battle five days ago. Even now it unnerves him, the memory of that former Hydra agent. Because if there’s one of them still out there, how many more still remain, undiscovered?
He pops the DVD into Steve’s computer, and then there’s just quiet and avid movie-watching until Morgan finally wakes up an hour and a half later, adorably sleepy and eager to get back to talking with Tony.
. I was mad at Pepper too okay? Intended to yell at her later as well.” Tony wiggles his eyebrows. “I’m
“I’m not!” she protests, blatantly laughing. “But it was really fun.” She bats her eyelashes. “Please??”
Natasha watches a boy make his friend laugh so hard he falls off a chair and turns to Tony with a dry expression. “Yes. It’s utterly horrifying.”
“Well it sure didn’t look it.” Tony responds. The background systems monitor the compound 24/7, so if you had any qualms about an AI looking after the place, shouldn’t have decided to stay here Captain Judgemental.”
Steve nodded in understanding. “Natasha told me once, about how she had felt about the Avengers, how it made her better, how she was still trying to
Him resolutely ignoring all attempts at conversation, even from Harley and Peter translates into general-speak as, “please don’t talk to me at the moment” so after a worried glance exchanged between the three of them, they allow the room to descend into silence. Not quite the uncomfortable sort of silence, but not really relaxed either. Just...nervous.
? I save Peter’s life today, save all of your asses, and I get glared at like you want to bore a hole through my fucking skull. Do I scare you, is that it?" And Tony laughs harshly, no humour in the sharp snap of the sound, and he’s moving forward, and Steve’s slowly backing up.
." Tony points out dryly. "It's enough to make a man jealous." He pouts exaggeratedly, sticking out his bottom lip to ridiculous amounts. Steve snorts and promptly pulls Tony into a soft kiss, crowding him up against the door.
“Oh well then.” Steve laughs, getting off of Tony and flopping to the side to lay next to him, “If your
Bucky nods at him before Steve enters his living quarters when they arrive back that night, face blank. Steve hasn’t seen him truly smile in months, so he’s shocked at the small, broken one that suddenly graces Bucky’s face now.
of understanding.” Tony says, voice finally turning furious, still smiling that shark smile. “Maybe a little explanation of why you keep
Natasha takes one look at their interlaced hands and sappy smiles when they get home and sighs, getting up from her seat on the sofa and heading for the back door.
The rest of breakfast goes in much the same way, full of happy conversations and laughter, discussing how Scott will be back from his trip with his family in a couple days, plans for the rest of the Sunday, Bucky’s mission.
“I wasn’t very supportive about Iron Man at the beginning, because I was just so terrified of losing Tony, when he came back once with bullet holes in his armour and I just,
Steve just wants to take a shower, collapse on his bed and not move for another seventy years. They all separate when Bucky lands the quinjet expertly into the hangar, all too weary to talk anymore.
, I'll have you know. Everyone says so. Well, not Pepper, but...she’s with Rhodey and not me, so her judgement can’t really be trusted, now can it?”
Rhodey snorts from beside her, flicking paint off his clothes. “It’s gonna be a nightmare to clean up anyways,” but his huge smile belays his grouchy words.
“Human Tony kept a suitcase Iron Man suit in the quinjet Steve, I’m literally technically already there.”
Something is peeling away from his searing skin, the wind changes direction, and there’s no longer that swooping feeling of free fall, just impact and sudden, strong arms around him, holding him, cradling him gently behind his back and under his knees, and he sees a flash of red and gold, the blessedly cool metal against his chemically burned skin, half delirious-
“I know you can,” Pepper laughs, “You sound like you’re getting prepared for a mission Steve, put the Captain America voice away.”
"Can't own any real estate." Tony reminds him absently and then freezes slightly, almost as if the snark is reflex, and Steve feels himself stiffen even further. He tries for a small laugh and it feels horribly fake.
Steve watches Tony process this request and bow his head as he thinks, his fingers tapping a silent rhythm on his thigh. They sit in silence for a couple minutes.
Agent Jin glares at him, but he continues to blatantly ignore her. Eventually he hears angry footsteps, and the sound of the lab door sliding closed.
“Alright then." Steve whirls his staff, sending another person flying. "It’s your call Shellhead. Join the Avengers comms, I want your input on this entire mission and as for the other thing...whenever you’re ready.”
“-that there was a malfunction and now I’m gonna hurt the Avengers, yeah I got that.” Tony cuts him off sharply, voice dead. “Well whatever, I’m just here to tell you that you don’t have to worry about it, but I guess you wouldn’t really want to take an AI’s word for it do you. It’s noted anyways, I’ll keep my distance just-”
Addresses to his people with full disclosure, repairing damaged architecture and helping those injured, and still bringing about the changing of the seasons to the mortal realm. It had been months sometimes before Tony and Steve could even meet, which resulted in arguments as doubt set in, and fear from their respective nightmares in the aftermath, until Tony had finally become fed up with the entire situation, marched his way to a clergy during one of their few meetings, with Steve in tow and demanded he marry them.
better to do that than you. Who else but Tony to continue Tony Stark’s inventions?” and Steve feels very accomplished when it draws out a laugh.
Before any of them can say anything else, Tony looks up suddenly, eyes far away as if listening for something, before he suddenly blinks and glances around at the rest of the room.
“Hi.” Steve’s eyes dance, and they’re beautiful from up close, subtle hues and tones shifting and swirling, and Tony could look at them forever.
Tony is too kind to leave, even if he might want to, while there’s still hope of saving him. So Steve will treasure what little time he has left in Tony’s company. It makes him sad sometimes, that he’ll never be able to see all the places Tony talks about in his fantastical stories, but it’s okay, because Tony will see them again, and that’s enough.
"I know you two are there." He says loudly, shifting one of the useless documents to the back. Sure enough, two small figures tumble out of Tony's wardrobe a couple seconds later, both with matching grins.
“You look at me like that, and I kind of wish I could give you a hug.” Tony says eventually, sadly, waving his hand through Steve’s arm gently, the pixels dissolving as his fingers pass through. Steve looks down at his hands, unable to really feel anything of course, but still touched to the core just from the sentiment, his arm tingling a bit just from the knowledge of Tony’s caress.
bed?” Natasha continues. There’s a moment of silence as Natasha’s eyes flick back and forth between them and then turns to Steve with an “oh
is one of the faces of the Tony he remembers, teeth bared in a smile, unflinching. “We’re talking this out like adults. Because that’s what we are right? Instead of avoiding each other for an entire week with no explanation. Nope. Not doing that, because that’d be childish.”
“Bruce is. Well Bruce, he’s working nonstop in the lab again,” Steve chuckles, “he’s not as bad as Tony was, but sometimes he also forgets to eat, so I bring him stuff from the kitchen.” Pepper laughs, and it’s still tinged with sadness, but it’s overshadowed by fond memories.
“It was a clusterfuck, don’t pretend otherwise.” Pepper smiles. “I’m an outsider looking in, someone who was close to Tony, who loved him, but in the end, I don’t know the full story of either side, not even Tony’s. You hurt him, and he hurt you, and you all hurt each other. Really I have never met a bunch of individuals more incapable of handling personal relationships, but the point is, I can’t make that judgement. I won’t
At the same time though, Steve can almost feel the exhaustion weighing down Tony's frame, and that vaguely haunted look in his eyes; like he's been through a horrible ordeal. He just looks...hurt. There’s no other way to describe it.
“Breakfast and a show.” He simpers, hand to forehead like he’s swooning, and Steve laughs harder, finally taking a seat at the table. The team has left an empty one for Tony, which has become a habit, even though Tony doesn’t need one, because it’s really the principle of the matter. It’s a bit like leaving an empty seat for an imaginary friend Steve has to admit, but allows Tony to join in on their conversations (from the little Steve had seen anyways, since he had spent a lot of time hiding in his room) in his holographic form so they do it anyways.
There will eventually be a reminder from JARVIS, or a call from Pepper, or a smirk from Natasha, a clap on the back from Hulk(ouch), a smile from Steve, a comment from Clint, a declaration from Thor, and Tony will remember and think, oh. So this is how it is. And he’ll smile back, that genuine imperfect thing he
Here, he can give all of his attention to Steve, listening him talk about his day and tell stories about a life long past. He lights up from within when he talks, and it's mesmerizing.
Which was apparently the wrong thing to say, because Sam and Bucky go straight back to arguing. Steve sighs and settles himself in to listen.
Then, on the other side is Bucky, Sam, Clint, Laura, Cooper, Lila, Nathaniel, Scott, Cassandra and Hope. Sadly they weren’t able to call any of the spacebound Avengers back from their universe exploring on such short notice to join, but there were more than enough people to wreak total havoc.
happens and despite all instinct, he freezes as the disturbance glides right through them, and there’s a moment of utter panic where he thinks
Steve had always known Tony’s labs had been his heart and soul, if it ever were to be described by a room, a place where he was truly happy, casually designing wonders that would change the landscape of the modern world. It makes him ache to know that it’s empty of all life and light, because it’s owner is gone, never to return.
“Actually.” An amused voice interrupts Quantum's rant from the doorway, making Tony jump in surprise. “he's kind of like this with everyone, villain or no.”
Natasha runs in with a kitchen knife in hand, and Tony feels a bubble of fond amusement for her because even in the
“OK OK”  Tony wheezes desperately, smacking her on the arm like a penguin. “I’ll do it stop suffocating me.”
“Who said anything about Tara?” Steve asks, shit-eating grin on his face. “Wanna go get something to eat?”
“I will pay you a hundred dollars if you never utter the words “hip and cool kids” ever again in my presence.”
Steve doesn’t recall any of it in the morning, but that night he dreams inexplicably of flight, of metal, dyed a vivid red and gold, everything blanketed by an overwhelming feeling of safety. Of
They've paid and are walking back towards the parking lot when Tony finally asks. “So, are you gonna actually follow through on your bribe and try and convince me to do the video?”
“Shh, it’s okay, go to sleep Morgan.” Steve says quietly, crouching down next to the bed, but she shakes her head.
“That’s it, I want a divorce.” Tony declares loudly as they stride up to their front door. “I cannot in good conscience date someone who has such bad taste in food, that’s it Steven, it’s over for us.”
Tony smiles at her. “You got me tech? Aww you shouldn’t have.” Natasha snorts in response and walks off, her steps quick and efficient, carrying three heavy pieces of equipment as if it’s nothing. Steve follows her, giving Tony a grin as he passes, and Tony falls into step beside Steve.
“I’m...not sure I’m ready to talk about it yet,” Tony admits, and his face grows haggard again at the memory of what happened in the workshop, and Steve wants to know now, more than anything, but he holds it in. “I...need time. More time. I know after that outburst I probably owe you a hell of an explanation, but. I just. I
There's also the fact that there's an...earnestness that he hadn't noticed he was projecting when he was recording the video. The song hits close to home, despite the situations and names being different, and it shows.
The Winter Palace was always beautiful - remaining in cool tones of colour - but it sparkles with life now instead of frigid cold. It's no longer covered with ice, and it's bustling with people, servants and guards rushing around to do their business and to laugh and talk.
“How are things going with Lila’s archery?” Steve says instead, and Clint gives him a knowing look, but allows him to change the subject anyways.
Eventually everyone had quieted down, and Pepper had sighed, small and a bit broken. “What I wouldn’t give for them to be here with us.” and Happy put his arm around her shoulders sadly.
“Roger, Rogers.” Bucky grunts, and Steve lets out a huff of laughter despite himself. There are hums of affirmation from everyone, a few laughs, and then it’s all serious battle tactics again.
With Natasha on one side and Agent Jin flanking them on the other, the group makes their way down to SHIELD medical to be poked and prodded at.
"We don't have enough air support." Spiderman calls out. "My webs, I can't keep up with how fast this thing is goi-whoa!" he stops talking in order to dodge a hit, swooping out of the way.
get to act as if I’m fucking delusional.” Tony spits back. “You forget that AI's can see the entire compound? You were so angry after talking to me that one day you fucking ran 1673 laps around the fields. It's not a small place Steve, and I counted. So look me in the eyes and try and tell me you don’t have a problem."
Steve blinks, surprised. “And you’re checking in with me? You’re always welcome here, you know that.”
Tony voices out loud that he thinks it’s just so Steve can annoy him, that Steve is just plain cruel, that despite his blank expressions, Steve secretly holds a vengeful streak and -
Steve blinks open his eyes the next morning to see the man awake, crouching two feet away from him, staring at him in sleep. Steve doesn't jump, but it's a near thing.
“I don’t think there’s a need to go that far,” he says quietly, keeping his tone light, but Sam and Bucky look at him worriedly anyways, both catching the sudden tension. Steve doesn’t need a celebration for his return to a functional human being. He should’ve done it months ago, and it doesn’t feel like a triumph.
I wish I could-” Tony whispers hoarsely, drawing Steve’s attention away from his reflection, and Tony’s hand brushes Steve’s shoulder almost helplessly, fingers pixelating again. He looks
“The best.” She says back, and then “shut up, the Beauxbatons students are about to do their dance sequence.”
“Ugh. Also, I am going to assume you’re talking about yourself and ignore that entirely.” Tara sighs in a resigned way.
Tony tells them the primary, which Steve already knew (the secondary is, unsurprisingly, to protect those in need, within reasonable parameters of course).
Sam goes back to grumbling, but Steve honestly has no complaints with that, so he falls silent and allows himself to be led to the living room where Harley and Peter are already there bickering over the remote.
“So, we’ve got a few hours to kill before sundown I guess.” Tony says, strolling alongside Steve after Natasha leaves. “Anything in particular that you wanna do?”
He doesn’t say anything and just sits there quietly, staring at the lake, offering silent comfort, because he gets the sense that soothing words are not really what Pepper wants or needs right now.
“Yes please.” Tony whispers in response, and Addilynn gestures them to follow her without another word.
Steve shrugs, “Running smoothly as always. Peter and Harley are progressing very quickly. I’m really proud of how fast they’ve learned, although Peter tells me he’s probably going on a vacation soon, so he’ll be absent for a while.”
“Not yet.” Pepper says sadly, brushing a strand of Morgan’s hair back behind her ear. “Not today, considering all that’s happened. But really soon.”
“I asked her how Director Fury lost his eye.” she says, taking another sip of her coffee casually and Steve freezes.
“Propaganda. I really only ran around running missions that involved destroying things, and they gave me a rank because I was really good at it.” Steve shrugs. “I don’t know what I’m gonna do now really. I’m probably gonna go back to what's left of the compound, help rebuild maybe. Train some of the up and coming Avengers. The world doesn’t really need me specifically anymore, so who knows?”
There’s a couple dodgy moments, because there’s always bound to be this early on, a minor comment or a sentence that jabs in a wrong spot, and Steve will tense, or Tony will become quiet. It helps that they know neither of them are doing it on purpose, and it never comes to anything too bad, one of them backtracking, or talking it out with the other.
There are days when Steve will find Happy obsessively checking over his firearms, checking over security, checking over everything because that’s what he does, and Steve gets it, that itch underneath your skin to do something, because you couldn’t do enough before.
Steve starts spending time with Tony more, pretty much seeking him out everyday for the next week, making up for lost days, re-learning him. He ends up spending a lot of time with Bruce and Tony in the lab and workshop, because that’s where he can find Tony more often than not.
This is his domain, and it's scary how easily he draws it to himself, up his arm, and shudders desperately as the cold swirls up in a palpable wave, and it hurts, why does it
The numbness reaches the base of his fingers before Steve deems it to be sufficient to get the man away from freezing to death. Steve does this thrice more with some stiff and frozen blankets he scrounges up from his closet, ones that he hadn't used in years. He hasn't needed them.
"Oh, you're not, are you?" Steve says, and his voice is the same as it always has been, expression flat, yet Tony tilts his head at Steve as if he's said something interesting. The weight of Tony's full regard is a bit heady, but Steve meets his eyes anyways.
Instead, he stares at the sky as it darkens into evening, watches numbly as today slips away, keeps pushing forward, the unrelenting passage of time, too fast for Steve’s battered body to keep up with the changes it brings.
“Oh honey,” he whispers as Morgans face scrunches up, and she starts crying, small sobs that break his heart all over again. She flings herself at Steve, who obligingly pulls her into a hug, setting aside his book, tears welling up in his own eyes. But no, he can’t let her see them, he has to stay strong.
He upgrades Hawkeye’s arrows, and replaces Widow’s worn uniform, and makes Cap do insane obstacle courses, and buys Hulk glass figurines, and works in the lab with Sam and listens to Thor talk about Asgard, and gets repeatedly dragged out of the lab by Jarvis and the bots and it's...nice. Familiar. Comforting. Those insecurities have been the quietest they’ve been in years, and Tony can't help but be grateful.
Steve's not sure why he's so insistent on this man leaving this place. It doesn't matter in the end, if he chooses to stay, and the fact that Steve was so persistent is a bit unusual. He turns to leave, but then pauses. "What is your name?"
Steve frowns at the ceiling, surprised. Of all the things Tony could have said, this was the last thing Steve had expected. “What do you mean, you’re ‘
space, even though he’s no longer around to claim it. Steve won’t intrude on this little bit of privacy, despite how much he wants to open the doors anyways, see the familiar screens and Iron Man suits one last time, even though he knows it might just rip at the wounds even further. He somehow feels like it would be a
After the Ultron incident, nothing had ever been the same, and Steve had found himself mourning 2012 as if it was a person, after that glimpse of how they had been when he had returned the stones, and the knowledge that now there was no chance of it ever coming back.
“Close the windows, I’m gonna do some night gardening.” She says and Tony and Steve burst into laugh-laced protests with Tony darting forward and clinging to Natasha’s left arm with loud declarations that she doesn’t love them, and Steve grabbing onto her right arm and tugging her back from the door. Between the two of them, they finally managing to drag her back to the couch, where they end up having a movie marathon with popcorn and hot chocolate.
When Tony finally gets too curious about the continued silence, he glances over out of the corner of his eye, and he sees that Steve has set up shop at a corner of his workstation, having walked over with silent footsteps as always. He’s doodling away on a spare sheet of paper, the quiet scritching of graphite, calm and peaceful expression on his face. He doesn’t push, he doesn’t try and fill the silence. He sits there and is just a presence, a gentle reminder, knowing exactly what Tony needs when he himself didn’t, and he’s suddenly so overwhelmed, so filled with affection that he aches with it.
Steve is numbly glad somehow, to see it, even if the sight of his friend in despair is painful. Something is better than nothing, and soon, he knows, there won’t even be that much.
Steve supposes it makes some kind of poetical sense if you think about it. One curse numbs you until you can’t feel at all and the other chokes you until all you can do is feel.
The scene starts with Tony sitting in front of the mike wearing a gigantic pair of headphones. He’s shuffling through sheet music, apparently not noticing the camera is on.
There are ceremonies and traditions still, because it is their charge and they go through them mechanically.
?" And Tony sneers at his title, the nickname that Tony Stark had given him, and Steve is tired and angry and emotionally exhausted from holding everything he feels in, not letting other people know, with Tony snarling at him, angry and backed into a corner and something inside him snaps under the pressure.
He had looked up when Steve opened the door though, so he settles with giving Tony a small smile for now.
“You’ve done more than enough Tony.” Steve smiles softly at him. “This will heal, although I probably won’t be winning any beauty pageants any time soon.” Steve resumes applying the ointment lightly.
Steve senses the conversation is over, and Tony’s about to leave, but one final thing nags at him as he watches Tony’s discontented and haggard face.
Steve frowns; he’s not the only one who’s confused out of the Avengers, but then Bruce nods in sudden recognition. “He was on the news,” he says in confirmation, “it was right after that press release from Siren Tech I had been watching; they’ve been baffled on how he manages any of the heists. We’re talking about some of the most secure locations in the world, and he’s always in and out with barely a trace.”
“I dunno how well those would sell. Not sure the goatee would look that good on the Pringles man.” Tony gasps, offended.
He heads back inside, intending to rejoin the others in the living room, but he finds himself stopping just beyond the doorway, because in the short ten minutes he's been away, the rest of the Avengers have all gathered together on the couch in a gigantic group cuddle, watching the news. AI Tony is nowhere in sight.
“You really didn't have to do that. I would eaten whatever you’d made. No one has cooked for me like this and anyway there was no need bothering this much for me”
Bucky looked at the clock on their bedside table. It was 2.36 in the morning and Bucky felt angry at himself for not noticing the time. That he was too engrossed in his book to notice that it’d been 4 hours since both he and Steve came up.
It was all Bucky could say. Apart from saying he wanted to murder Howard Stark again but he had a feeling that wouldn’t go down all that well.
‘You know if he doesn’t come back in two hours I will carry him to bed myself. Its 10 o’clock.’ Steve said to Bucky
Tony finished eating and thanked Steve for ‘Such a fabulous dinner’ and then added on a ‘I don't wanna be ungrateful or anything but can I go back and finish - only two hours.’, then when he saw Bucky’s face, Tony tacked on ‘I swear!’ and only then did Bucky nod.
Bucky went downstairs to Tony’s lab and entered. Just as Bucky was about to call Tony to come up, he saw Tony asleep, his head on the table, his hand still on the computer mouse.
“Look I didn't want it to come to this but it will have to be done” Bucky said as he picked Tony up causing him to yelp - not that Tony will ever admit that he made such a noise.
“My God Steve. This is amazing. Last time I had this just as good was when Jarvis had made it” Tony told him.
“I need to finish this. Pepper will kill me if it’s not done and you know she's kinda scary and I'm already behind the deadline for this. Come on Bucky! I only need two hours.” Tony kept on going to till they had reached the kitchen where Steve was setting down dinner on the table. Though to be fair, Tony hadn’t noticed as he kept on rambling about how unfair his life was and that Bucky was bullying him.
Bucky watched Tony’s eyelashes brush his cheek. The way they fluttered softly. The way his mouth was slightly turned up. Bucky watched how peaceful Tony looked.
Bucky watched the two. Part happy that Tony has stopped and part shocked that Steve went to the trouble and heard Tony say as much to him.
“You’ve been in here almost 10 hours today, doll. You haven't eaten. I didn’t want to distract you but you need some energy. Come on Tony.” Bucky murmured softly, not wanting to be loud as he knew Tony must have a headache. He could see it on his lover's face, the wince as he dropped something or the bright lights of the lab.
Bucky watched Steve go to the bathroom to brush his teeth and if he stared at his arse as well, nobody was there to question him. Bucky got out of his warm, comfortable spot in the bed to drag his brown eyed beauty  back upstairs.
“Tony. I’ve made your favorite. Look.” Steve tried to tell him but Tony wasn’t listening. He was only thinking about how much more he still had left to do.
Tony closed his eyes as he felt Bucky come behind him and wrap his arms around him. One cool and one hot. Tony leaned back into Bucky’s chest feeling his strong chest against him feeling safe and content in his boyfriend's arms.
“Nothing” Steve mouthed back, still with a smile. He then slid down so his head was on the pillow and put his arm around Tony, bringing him closer so they were touching; chest to back.
Bucky set him down on to chair and Tony was breathing heavily due to his little rant but he kept on going.
Bucky didn’t say anything and just sat on the bed and began to read his book; The Ascent of Man. Bucky had almost finished six more chapters when he noticed Steve yawning loudly.
Bucky just shook his head and did the same. He slid down so he was facing the two of them and put his own arm around so that he was touching both of them.
Bucky looked back at Tony. The glow of the moon softly lighting up Tony’s face, Bucky could properly see Tony. Tony with no worry lines on his face. Tony with no frown.
“I won’t stop you” Bucky responded, then got up to do the dishes and told Steve to go up to the bedroom in his most domineering voice before he could start protesting.
He then picked up Tony bridal style, trying his best not to jostle him too much so that he wouldn’t wake up. Bucky carried him upstairs where he found Steve about to get into bed, wearing only a shirt leaving his legs on view and Bucky looked at him in awe - his beautiful Steve.
He spends more time with the others, now. He pesters Bruce in the lab more often than not, and asks Thor to regale every story of battle he could ever think of. He ends up in the training gym with Clint and Natasha, because watching them spar is like watching a very violent display of gymnastics. At least the whole
don’t tell me you believe that shit too,” he doesn’t recognize the venom in his own voice, hackles raised as soon as Natasha’s name is spoken.
“If you tell him, there is still a chance you could be saved,” Strange continues, “it’s as simple as that, Stark.”
information from the pages. It looks like chicken scratch, really, so that’s not going to help him at all.
what this is-- Steve is telling him he loves him. He means it, in that undeniably earnest way of his. Oh, god. How could this possibly be real?
“Are you asking if I’m in love with you?” his voice cracks, shakes under the weight of the words. The flower petals stick to the back of his throat, choking him,
“My apologies for my late arrival!” Thor’s voice comes to life over the comms, the most beautiful sound Tony’s ever heard in his life. He appears over the skyline, wasting no time before dropping to Hulk’s side, slamming mjolnir to the earth and incinerating the vines and creatures that lay before them. Arna’s answering screams are enough to know he’s done an incredible amount of damage. The fire has burnt through the perimeter at this point, and the lightning only serves to ignite it further. The tide of the battle has shifted in their favor.
The Hulk bellows from somewhere down the street, accompanied by the sound of his particular brand of smashing,
“Once SHIELD began to take note of your reckless behavior, I was sent in to keep tabs on you,” she continues as if he hasn’t spoken, “when we realized you were dying, we knew we couldn’t afford to lose you. So we found as many resources as we possibly could to help you save your own life.”
A spasm rips through his chest, tearing him away with a pained gasp. He can feel the vines shifting and tugging, crushing the arc reactor and his heart in kind. He presses his face against Steve’s shoulder, shuddering against the white hot pain as it tears through his rib cage. Tony can hear his panicked voice, but it’s muffled by the pounding of his own heart in his ears. Then--
question, Tony, and I need you to tell me the truth.” He steels himself, taking a steadying breath. “...Am I the reason for this?”
this time around. Pepper is as strong as they come, blinking back tears as she hugs him tight. She promises to take care of everything that she can, while they try to find the cure for him. Rhodey accepts his place on the team as back up, the War Machine armor at the ready whenever they call for him.
Instead, he finds himself sitting in one of the armchairs of Strange’s Sanctum, his arm in a sling and a cup of tea untouched on the table before him. Stephen came as soon as they’d called, whisking Tony away with promises to return him in one piece. He doesn’t think it did much to reassure Steve
Before he can think better of it, he adds quietly, “He’s got enough weight on his shoulders-- I don’t need to add my death to it.”
Or, at least, as close as she ever gets to it. He doesn’t know how to process this, that this fear is for him alone. Surely, she of all people can understand a story where the heroes don’t survive.
“Jarvis said you wanted to see me?” Natasha says as she steps up beside his workbench, giving a cursory glance to his work. Even in their disassembled state, she can still easily recognize her Widow’s Bite gauntlets. Natasha gives him the slightest tilt of her head, a question in of itself. Tony has her attention, now; he takes it as his cue to explain.
“We should have called in Strange,” Steve grunts as he catches the shield, slamming it into a nearby creature in the same breath. “Iron Man, Hawkeye, report.”
“Are we about to go through a whole list of all the times I almost died? You’re going to have to narrow it down, especially since there was the time I
“That’s not what I’m trying to tell you, Tony,” Natasha interrupts him, a steel in her voice, “I’m trying to tell you that it was
Yes, he thinks. Yes, he was worth dying for-- but he didn’t have to be. Now, above all else, Tony knows he’s worth living for.
from losing you. But you were still willing to take a chance on us, to take the scraps of information we had and
He should have spent more time with her, he thinks. For all of their banter, he regrets not saying more. But he will make due with the time he has left.
every single time. You put everyone else’s feelings before your own, and you act like it doesn’t matter if you’re suffering or not.” Steve snaps, barrelling forward without giving Tony the chance to respond. “But it does, it matters
“Given that I’m not the one who cast it, I would have to remove the emotion the spell is attached to entirely. Which is to say that I would have to remove any trace of emotion you
You’re bright, and loud, and demanding, but not in the way that I thought you were. Or-- not in a bad way.” Steve frowns slightly, as though he’s realized he’s made a mistake.
to believe you, but I already had concerns of my own. If Natasha was seeing the same thing-- I couldn’t take that risk.”
giving Jarvis as much personality, as much independence as he has. He never imagined it would be an almost cruelty, to make him grieve alongside everyone else. But at least the AI will be apart of his legacy, something self-sustaining; he will continue to evolve and grow, even after Tony is long gone.
he stands abruptly, nearly knocking over his coffee in the process and jarring his injured shoulder. He can’t find it in himself to care. “Either I die without Steve knowing, or I die
to him for you? I may not always enjoy your company, Stark, but that doesn’t make you any less important to this universe. Do you expect me to just allow that to happen?” It’s a backhanded compliment if he’s ever heard one, but Strange’s sarcastic tone is enough to put him on edge.
thing. “I just uh. Just wanted to say thanks. For everything. Like I know you’re not actually gonna-- ya know. But still. Statement’s still out there. You’re a better guy than they’ve ever made you out to be, Stark.”
“Yeah, of course, J. You’ve never really uh-- asked for permission before. Something up?” Tony generally doesn’t make a habit of staring up at the ceiling when talking to Jarvis, unlike the other tower occupants, but he feels like he should make an exception. It seems important, for some reason.
“I’ve died enough times, Strange,” Tony shoots back, “it doesn’t have a tendency to stick.” He doesn’t bother to face Strange again as the portal closes behind him with a snap.
He’s breathing heavily, pain bursting against his ribcage. “I’m not going to hurt him. Not like this.
like-- like you could see right through me. I hated it. But more than that, I hated that I wanted to prove you
“Alright,” is what he settles for, trying incredibly hard to keep his voice steady. “What made you go see the wizard? He isn’t sweeping in to save the day at the last second, is he?”
“You’re lucky I’m the one who came to check on you, then.” Natasha pats DUM-E’s arm reassuringly. He seems to appreciate the gesture, if his happy chirps are anything to go by. “Steve’s been pacing so much today I think he may have actually worn a groove in the floor.”
“Keep first responders on standby, we’re going to need the fire department to step in if we can’t keep it contained,” he answers immediately, “We need to keep her focus
Natasha’s voice ebbs at his conscious, gently pulling him back to the present and out of the cave in Afghanistan. He’s still breathing hard, his heart hammering in his chest as he tries to get his bearings back. He can feel the sweat building on his brow, the harsh tremor in his hands-- but he can feel Natasha’s hand on his shoulder, the cold of the concrete floor beneath them. Wait-- when did they end up on the ground?
“Of course I did. I love you, and I’ll say it as many times as it takes for you to believe it,” Steve replies earnestly as he wraps his arms around him, resting his forehead against his. There’s a small moment of silence as they both breathe in tandem, the relief washing over them in waves.
Jesus, Tony, you could be a little bit more gentle on the grab, there,” Clint complains, though he doesn’t seem to mind the bridal style hold Tony has him in. He loops an arm around the shoulder of the suit, just to be safe.
He feels so, so guilty for lying to all of them. Maybe he shouldn’t, because he knows that he’s doing this for the right reasons, but-- it still hurts to think that he’s making all of them
“Hawkeye, light them up!” Steve bites out, hissing in pain as he takes a hit. The creatures are closing in on him, surrounding on all sides to pin them between the trunks. Natasha’s getting cornered alongside him, and it’s only her agility that’s keeping her from being taken down, moving entirely on the defensive. Tony can’t fire on the creatures with Steve and Nat so close, but he can at least draw the attention of the vines-- and Arna, in turn-- while Clint gets the fires started.
He pretends he can’t see the worried looks Steve keeps giving him. He pretends that it doesn’t hurt to
“I can’t put this on him, Steve,” Tony says weakly, “I know how he is. He’s got a guilt trip a mile wide, you know? He’s gonna find a way to blame himself for this, even though it’s not his fault he doesn’t… feel the same.”
in love with you. It’s not because of this, it’s because you’re…” he pauses for a moment, trying to find the proper way to explain. “You’re selfless in everything you do. You’re the most brilliant man I’ve ever met, Tony. Half the time I’m scrambling just to keep up, but you never fault me for that, or make me feel like an idiot.
“I need Hawkeye positioned close by,” Steve speaks over them, “Iron Man, we’re going to need air support.”
“Never been better,” the reply comes automatically. It's accompanied by an attempt at a dazzling smile, but he clearly falls short. She looks unimpressed as she crosses her arms over her chest, leaning her hip against the desk and looking over him with a critical eye. He knows there’s nothing to hide from her
time for Paris, Steven,” Tony sniffs, if only to be dramatic. It at least tugs a smile out of him, so he counts it as a win.
Tony stares numbly at the wall as Dr. Catalina speaks, nothing more than a quiet buzz in his ears. He should start to panic, probably. There’s something they can’t identify taking up refuge in his chest, and from what words he’s managed to
“I believe you, Cap,” he sighs, the harsh beating in his chest subsiding slowly but surely as the panic attack recedes. “Maybe you’re right. I’m sure it’s nothing, I just-- I hate magic, you know?”
“Don’t worry about it, Cap. I’m sure my overbearing caretakers were keeping you updated. I’m still kicking, anyway. No harm, no foul.” He tries for a grin. He knows it misses the mark by a wide margin, if Steve’s twisted frown is anything to go by.
“Well, that sounds about right.” Strange doesn’t seem pleased by this revelation, which certainly doesn’t sit well with Tony.
The next moment almost seems to happen in slow motion. Tony watches his words set in, the worried frown on Steve’s face turning more puzzled than anything. The click of the realization is almost
Clint’s statement is punctuated with the crack of exploding arrowtips, followed by a very strained, “
The roar of the Hulk is almost enough to shake the very earth, shattering through the comm lines. Clint’s voice follows it mere seconds after, sounding just an inch closer to panicked.
meant to act as a parasite and feed on your emotions. This one in particular is tied directly to your affections for someone else; your
“I know I’m not as pretty as your bedside nurse, Tony, but I’m trying to take care of you too, here,” he says innocently, ignoring Steve’s indignant sputtering from off to the side. Tony snorts out a laugh, though it feels… strangely
more than I want you, Steve. But I couldn’t let that be on you. I couldn’t take that risk. I thought it was better if I just…”
“I love you.” He says it again and again, echoing over and over until it’s all that Tony can think about. He can’t taste the flowers any longer, the ash and copper gone with the roots that once took hold. He breathes, and he smiles, simply because he can.
“We’ll tell them in a bit,” he replies, pressing a kiss against the corner of his jaw. “Just… a few more minutes?”
“...We need to tell the others,” Steve says eventually. His fingers are tangled in Tony’s hair, gently pulling through the strands. Tony’s starting to realize just how exhausted he is, if that alone is enough to get him to start nodding off.
“I don’t know why you’re keeping information from us, and I know I’m the last person who should be lecturing you on keeping secrets,” Her empty amusement echoes between them both, “But if there’s
digging in against the arc reactor, choking the air out of his lungs. The nausea hits him like a tidal wave. He doubles over with a hand over his mouth as he’s wracked by sickening coughs, a flurry of flower petals ripping themselves past his lips. He can taste the perfume of them on his tongue, velvet soft against his teeth.
let me help you.” He’s never heard Steve like this, desperation coloring his voice. But his words cut deeper than that; Tony
“Red spider lilies,” Jarvis offers the analysis late one night, “They are most prominently known in Japanese culture as a representative of death. Their bulbs are known to be poisonous, though I am not certain this will affect your illness.”
“Tony?” a familiar voice asks from nearby, though it takes his brain a moment to catch up and register that it’s
“If you don’t stop with the god awful magic jokes, I’ll drop you right back on your doorstep and you can figure this one out
about the panic attacks-- most of them do, at this point. It’s safe to say it out loud, with him. He doesn’t have to hide it. “Feels like-- anxiety. You know? I just want to be sure she didn’t
that she’d told him, before pressing a glowing hand to his chest and sparking pain along every nerve in his body.
“....Falling in love with you was the easiest thing I’ve ever done, Steve.” Tony murmurs, “I don’t even know when it started. I just know that I looked at you one day and thought,
pulse beneath it. “She said it was my greed, that would kill me. And maybe she was right, because I’ve never wanted
It takes a moment for Steve to catch up, looking over him in concern before the realization hits. The hopeful, glowing smile he gives him makes his heart beat out the staccato of a hummingbird’s wings.
The roots release him, and he gasps for air as tears gather in his eyes. He crushes the petals in his hand-- crimson red, bright yellow, soft purple-- before dropping them to the table, to the floor below. He swallows down the ones that are left in his mouth, grimacing as he does so.
She’s practically curled in on herself, shuddering as the flames burn through her elongated limbs. Arna looks to Tony with nothing but a biting fury in her black eyes, baring her teeth.
“We’ll make due,” Tony replies, “Jarvis, keep the first responders updated-- if we need them, we’re gonna need ‘em fast. In the meantime, let’s keep her busy.” He flies lower, letting loose a short burst of missiles across the closest vines to grab her attention. Sure enough, she snarls in response, twisting on him in an instant.
“It means I think I may know what she did to you, but I need to be sure for myself.” He steps forward, palm outstretched above Tony’s heart. “I’m going to need to touch you. Is that alright?”
the heat bleeding through the armor. He cries out, trying to shrink back-- but the vines simply squeeze tighter around him. Arna meets his eyes once more, a serene smile on her face as she leans forward.
Tony and Bruce have both gone silent, and Steve looks up with a puzzled frown when they don’t respond. “What? I was listening. It was important information.”
There is a beat of silence as Tony tries to process this. She… she cursed him with a love spell. Of course she did-- why
“...Okay?” It would be an understatement to say that Steve’s clearly hiding something. “You don’t have to tell me, Cap. It’s not a big--”
“‘s what happens when you’re dying,” Tony replies, leaning his head back against the desk. God, he can feel the exhaustion down to his
“Of course not. So what’s the trick to this one, oh wise Fairy Godmother?” he leans back in his chair, raising an eyebrow at him.
Tony shouldn’t feel so happy to hear his own name in the field, especially when Steve is technically
of how easily he expresses his admiration for Tony. His heart clenches painfully in his chest, nausea churning in his stomach.
be monitoring his vitals for them. Every spike in blood pressure or the slightest cough brings one of them to his door. He almost wants to be affronted at how much they’re coddling him, but he… he gets it. They’re afraid of him passing without them; they’re afraid of him dying alone.
“Tony.” Natasha speaks quietly, “How are you feeling?” He should have known she'd sidestep every word he said.
orchids were my favorite,” Clint comments over the comm line. He sounds like a petulant child, rather than a grown man shooting explosive arrows into the face of crazed, mutated flowers.
“Fine, I’m fine. It’s just.” he pinches at the bridge of his nose, as though to alleviate the sudden headache that’s come over him.
at him, seeing what all of this is doing to him-- but Tony can’t take the risk, now. They’re so close to the end, and Tony won’t let him break under the guilt that is sure to follow.
Tony’s well aware of the shitty things he’s done in his life-- even more aware of karmic attempts to
“I told you not to talk like that,” Steve sighs heavily as he sits across from him on the couch. Between the clear tension of his shoulders and the closed off look in his eyes, Tony’s fairly sure there’s a chasm in the upholstery between them. He tries not to dwell on it too harshly.
“Of course. Whatever you want, Tony,” comes the easy response. Tony’s starting to think he genuinely means it.
“I’m sorry, Tony,” are the first words to come stumbling out of Steve’s mouth. He grimaces at it, as though it’s not the statement he wanted to lead with. Tony’s fairly sure he reacts the same way.
“I should take you to the Louvre sometime,” Tony tells him at some point during the day. “You’ve only been once, right?”
“....So what was that you said earlier about being Prince Charming?” Steve teases quietly, a small grin on his face. Tony barks out a laugh at that, though for the first time in months, it doesn’t pain him.
At some point, he arranges a movie night up on the rooftop, with as much cushy seating as possible and a huge projector on the side of the building. It’s disgustingly domestic, and it’s easily one of the best nights of his life. They watch the first Godfather and insist upon starting the second, even though half of them are asleep by the end of it.
that sound. It’s the tone of someone injured in the field with no backup, it’s the sound of a situation going south so fast they barely have time to react.
“Tony?” Steve asks quietly, running a comforting hand through his hair. He realizes he’s gone entirely quiet, just relishing in the way he can breathe once more. The arc reactor still sits heavy against his sternum, yes-- but there is
something to him, whispered something cruel as she pressed her hand against his chest, searing pain at the heart of the arc reactor. What on earth could she have done to him?
The hold on his lungs is released in an instant, gasping for air as though he’d been submerged. The roots shrink and withdraw further into his chest, until-- until he can’t feel them at all. Until the taste of the flower petals is gone from his mouth. Until all he can feel is the pounding of his own heart, and the heat of Steve against him.
“He’s getting backed into a corner,” Tony answers instead, already resetting his course and flying full speed for the sniper’s perch, “I take it you’re gonna need a pick up, Legolas?”
“I don’t like it when its completely dark. That's when Howard would beat me. If I didn’t close my curtains he won’t come into the room because then he’d have to close them and someone might be able to him from the window. Then I got used to it.”
”I asked FRIDAY. She told me. I wanted to make something you’ll like rather something I think you’ll like because after being in there for so long I thought you might want to eat something familiar to you.”
Bucky kissed Tony’s forehead then Steve’s arm and said goodnight. He closed eyes, ready for the next day, where he could spend more time with his lovers.
“Just give me two more hours Buck. I just need to work out this thing and I’ll be right there with you.” tony told him. Then he started to mumble to himself about something sciencey. Bucky didn't understand nor did he want to. He knew Tony, he was a stubborn man.
