Castiel shakes his head and shoots off the first lie he can think of. “Just don’t like having my back to the door for this long.”
Jack doesn't question it, so CastieI has no problem finding some alone time. He heads to his room and locks the door, and, just like he told Jack, he puts on more casual clothes. If he's going to have an uncomfortable conversation, he might as well have it in comfortable clothes, right?
"Well, maybe it'll be a fun interesting," Charlie says. "Maybe Taylor Swift needs help finding her cat."
CastieI waves that off. "Don't let Dean's paranoia fool you. If I wanted you in jail, you'd be there already."
Dean and Castiel head outside where they can talk privately. After realizing first-hand how easy it is to listen to conversations on the other side of a wall, Castiel decides he'd rather have this conversation further away, so he leads Dean to his car.
They reach Jody and her witness, whom she introduces as Nathan, one of the “Executive Team Leaders,” which he’s pretty sure is just a fancy word for “manager.”
"And, I mean, I'm not blaming you or anything," Charlie adds quickly. "I know it's not easy to leave abusive partners —"
Castiel narrows his eyes. Dean's right: even if he did call the cops, the guy would be long gone before any of them showed up. All he'd accomplish would be causing himself a lot of strife, and he has it bad enough as it is.
CastieI closes the door, locks it, and turns around to see Charlie gaping at him, her jaw practically on the ground. He hadn't really thought about how Charlie would react to that. In hindsight, maybe a quick "Wasn't me" would have been better.
He's so distracted by that, he doesn't even notice Charlie approaching until they're standing just a few feet in front of him. They glance back at Dean before asking, "What was that about?"
a bad person, no matter what his reputation may say. He's broken the law more times that Castiel can count, but he's still a
Castiel shakes his head. He's not naïve enough to think he could carry out any kind of relationship with Dean — with
"Okay," CastieI says says, “then if you pass out from blood loss, I'm going to stuff you in the back of my car and bring you to him instead."
"Oh, touché," Charlie says. "On the bright side, you're already planning on running away to California soon. At least you know whatever she says or does won't affect you for long."
"And I can't talk about it to anyone because everyone knows it's all my fault and what right do I have to complain, you know?"
Sam sighs. "All I know is that Cas is family. I know it. You know it. He knows it. If it's bothering you that much, tell him next time you see him, and when he says 'I know,' I will be the first one to make a
Eventually they reach the playground and Claire hops out of the moving car even before it’s stopped, her bag of candy in hand. Dean parks the car and follows her, and it doesn’t take long for him to catch sight of Jody and her husband. Claire and Owen are the only two on the playground, both sitting under the monkey bars as Claire rifles through her bag of candy. Those two seem to be doing just fine on their own, so Dean makes his way to Jody and her husband instead. He hopes this isn’t considered third-wheeling.
“Guess so,” Benny says. “He said they were making some changes to the natural order of things. I tried asking what he meant but I didn’t get much of an answer. All I know is I’m here and Andrea’s here and we’ve got Cas to thank for it.”
order some crutches. Do they sell crutches on Amazon? He hopes so. He'd make a free trial of Amazon Prime just to get them here in a day if it's possible.
case scenario is that he gets some crutches and can navigate around on his own at a reasonable speed, but that would draw more attention to him on gang territory than Castiel is comfortable with.
case scenario," CastieI interrupts. "The fact that Dean didn't shoot me right here, right now is a curse in its own right."
"How would they know?" one of the men asks. He doesn't sound nervous, but Castiel is sure he is. He wants to look around, figure out who it is, but he forces himself to keep his head down.
Tuesday is pretty uneventful. The trial continues, further proving to Castiel that this murderer is going to serve some time in the slammer. The hearing will last another day, but the verdict is obvious. The dude's guilty. End of story.
, Cas, when you get a minute, come here. Come talk to me. I don't care when or where; I just miss you."
Part of him wants to read it right now, to bask in the warmth of his brothers’ words. Part of him thinks he should grab a lighter and let the wind carry the ashes far away from here. He really wants to know what his brothers have to say to him, but what if that’s the final straw? What if he decides he misses them too much and goes back? It took months of planning to get out of there the first time. He’s not sure he could do it again if he changed his mind.
"Well, it's not something he'll want to hear," Castiel says. "I think it might be better if you just give him the envelope when I'm not around."
"Dude, relax," Charlie says, rolling her eyes. "It's not the first time people have stared at us and it won't be the last."
Dean gives it a few more moments of thought, then shakes his head. He takes Castiel's hand off his cheek and lowers it, but he doesn't let go. "I don't think I can."
“Be my guest,” Castiel says. He points at Jody’s office door. “You’re gonna have to talk to her first, though.” He doesn’t know what’s up with Dean right now, but he’s sure Jody’s been keeping tabs on him. She can get this Winchester family reunion started.
"I'll explain everything when this is over," Castiel whispers. Maybe he'll get lucky and die before that time comes.
Eventually, it’s time to go home. Today is Charlie’s day to drive, and Castiel spends the car ride staring out the window. He’s really glad it’s not raining today. That would be a little
"And yet, here we are, twice in one day," Dean says. "It's amazing what can happen when I put my mind to it, isn't it?"
to go to the hospital if you don't have to?" It was an unofficial rule towards the end of Castiel's time with the Hunters. He was always afraid the cops would get involved. This just seems like a surefire way to make it happen.
interesting 'hypothetical' email from him this morning and I was hoping you knew what the hell he's been up to lately before I write back."
No sooner have the two men taken the first few steps when Jack and Cas disappear, gone without a trace. Dean and Benny stop in their tracks, staring straight ahead at the spot the two once stood.
man. He barely catches a glimpse of the man’s smiling face before he throws his arms around the taller man, pulling him in for a big hug. After taking a moment to process it, Castiel hugs him back.
This time is different. This time, Cas’s attention is entirely focused on Jack. This time, the angel doesn’t even know Dean is here until they’re almost close enough to touch.
"Well, clearly that's something you have to take up with him," CastieI says, "because he went out of his way to find me, not the other way around."
CastieI takes a bite of the chocolate cupcake — which is the best chocolate cupcake he's ever had — before he asks the question they're been on his mind for the last ten minutes. "What's the special occasion? Correct me if I'm wrong, but I'm pretty sure my birthday isn't for another couple months."
Their meeting starts, unsurprisingly, with some well-deserved hugs. It’s been a long time since he’s been given a hug that wasn’t overshadowed by an impending apocalypse. It’s been a long time since he’s been able to do
"Then c'mon." Castiel gestures for him to follow before turning to the door. "We have a girl to check on."
CastieI's eyes go wide. He completely forgot he was still wearing that. He meant to put it in a drawer in case Dean decided to come back for it, but he never got around to it. He'd always forget about it until he was taking a shower or going to bed and too far away from any safe place for it to be worth the extra steps. It's a little late for that now.
Is this truly nature, though? Is there such a thing as nature in Heaven? Where does all of this even come from? Did Jack make it? Did he go through the trouble of creating each individual tree with such care so that everyone could admire their beauty? Did Cas help him? Is touching this tree the closest he'll get to touching Cas?
Being the very mature thirty-something-year-olds that they are, they spend the next few minutes bickering about how worthy he is of meeting Ryan Reynolds at work. It's a nice distraction from the ever-present apprehensive feeling in his gut.
"Don't worry, Red," Dorothy says, amused. "I didn't strangle you in Oz; I'm not gonna strangle you here."
"And if for some reason she's not," they add, "you just have to exaggerate how much your arm hurts and maybe she'll take pity on you."
Charlie narrows her eyes, and Castiel smiles with faux innocence. He has to admit, if anyone was going to stick around against his wishes while he helps Jack, he's kind of glad it's Charlie. As long as he can keep her from getting mixed up in things she shouldn't want a part in, it might actually be nice to have her around. He can't tease Jack the same way he can his best friend, after all.
CastieI eyes him up and down in wonder, and that's when he notices what has to be the worst part. He's missing a shoe, instead walking directly on his dirty foot with a
in his free time. Castiel wonders every time he comes home to the sound of the Scooby Gang talking whether the boy remembers watching it when he was little with Dean and Casitel. He was so young, it’s hard to believe he does. CastieI remembers, though, and it's enough to bring a smile to his face on a shitty day like today.
"It's fine," CastieI interrupts, hoping to move this along before Dean gets bored and steps out of the closet in his full naked glory, because that is
That fact has haunted him since it all went down. The only one who bears more responsibility for Cas's death than Billie and the Empty is Dean. They were just doing their jobs, following through with promises they'd made in the past. Dean did something much worse. He convinced Cas that he was worth his sacrifice. He convinced Cas that he was worth his
” Dean groans, slamming his foot against the ground and kicking up a tuft of grass in the process. He was
Dean watches Charlie drive away, taking solace in these last few moments he has to himself before he has to explain to Sam what the hell just happened. He was
Dean rolls his eyes. “And if you walked into Hunter territory, would you see any sign that we were there or would it look like a bunch of abandoned buildings and rundown apartments?”
She shakes her head. "I don't — I don't know. I was coming back from the library one night and then I just… wasn't." She shrugs helplessly. "I don't know if I was drugged or…?"
CastieI sighs. He didn't realize Jack thought this was anything more than a brief back-and-forth with Dean before he went back to his ordinary life like nothing ever happened. He feels bad, getting the kid's hopes up like this. He should probably clear things up instead of just disappearing with no warning like he did the first time.
Jack’s head snaps up to reveal his tear-stained face. “Castiel?” He immediately wipes his eyes, as if that will do anything to hide the fact that he’s been crying. “What are you doing here?”
“Still,” Dean says, “it’s gotta be nice. It’s what you thought you could have before your nest, you know…” With the click of his tongue, he jerks his thumb over his throat, miming Benny’s decapitation.
Dean takes his hands. "You can still stay. You're still one of us, you know. I think you proved that tonight."
Cas is there. He’s standing out in the open, no trees out there to cover him this time. He’s looking right at them, like he
“It’s --” Dean cuts himself off. He’s not going to say it. He’s not going to tell Sam that he sees Cas yet again; not after the last couple of times he said it and ended up looking like an idiot when there was no one there.
"He's so cute," Claire says. "I'm heading over to see him now. We're gonna play on the playground because I too am eight years old at heart. Wanna come? Jody and her husband are gonna be there and I'm sure they could use the company."
The two brothers finally pull apart, and  the younger Winchester turns to Castiel. "And look at you! You're —" His face falls when he sees the flannel wrapped around his arm. "What...?"
Dean heads for the room with the lockboxes. That must be where he sent Ketch. It will be interesting to hear what goes missing. Castiel can't imagine what they'd be looking for back there. He doesn't picture any of the Hunters storing their own shit in a bank, and this would be a little overkill for a simple withdrawal.
He's not sure it matters; the old man won't be walking far, anyway. Dean shot him in the foot, dangerously close to Castiel's but with perfect precision -- especially for a shot he took so little time to aim. The old man groans, but for taking a gunshot to the foot, he seems to cope surprisingly well -- possibly even better than Castiel coped with getting hit.
It's not worth it. He probably just wants to have sex again or something. Or maybe it's just another fruitless attempt at getting him to come back. There's no point in egging it on.
"Or you could not?" CastieI says awkwardly. He doesn't want to worry the kid, but the idea of him falling asleep kind of scares the shit out of him. The fact that Jack is conscious right now is the only thing giving him hope. If he falls asleep, Castiel won't have any type of warning sign if things get bad — err, if they get
A few seconds later, our mysterious out-of-frame gunman appears, recognizable as such only because he’s shoving a box of chocolate bars in his bag. He looks up at the self-checkout camera, pauses, then reaches for the gun, probably to shoot that one the same way he shot the first one. He seems to think better of it -- likely because there are so many camera in this goddamn store that one of them would catch him anyway -- because he leaves his gun alone. Instead, he just winks at it before walking past.
at a fast-food restaurant, anyway? There’s a craft store, too, but that doesn’t sound right. There’s…
that he obviously won't make good on, but the cops already have a skewed view of him. They don't know that this is just an empty threat. He wouldn't put
“It’s fine,” Dean assures him, stepping back and patting his shoulder once more. “I had a good run. I was ready to go.”
Everyone looks around nervously. Castiel risks a glance up at Charlie out of the corner of his eye, his head still ducked, and she gives him a wary look. God, the one time they leave their guns in the car…
"Oh, man, yeah, 'course," Charlie says, instantly far more sympathetic. She puts an arm around him as if ready to help him walk out. He really doesn’t need her help, but now is not the time to argue. "Do you wanna head back to the station?"
Charlie gazes out the window for the remainder of the ride. It's only a few minutes; they both live near the station so the drive never lasts long. She doesn't look back over at him until he's pulling into a parking space — which he does beautifully, if he does say so himself.
Though he's much more tired now than he was when he went to sleep, he reluctantly sits up and turns his alarm off. Admittedly, he's more motivated by the empty spot on the bed next to him than he is by the prospect of going to work, but anything to get him up is probably for the best.
"Oh, yes, I'm sure that's Taylor Swift," Castiel jokes. "And her boyfriend, whatever the fuck his name is —"
Castiel fidgets with his hands. He should probably stop while he's ahead. Now would be a great time to say goodbye and go home. He just can't stop thinking about what happens if he fails, if he's not around for Jack when he needs to be. This is probably the last thing the kid wants him to do right now, but it might be the best thing he
Castiel and Charlie are all prepared to go about their day like usual. They head inside towards their desks, ready to spend the day doing paperwork and sending emails like the boring homicide detectives with no new cases they are until Jody comes to see them.
The smile falls from her face. She grabs Gordon by the arm and pulls him inside roughly. Dean and Castiel don't seem to have the same invitation, so they wait outside. It doesn't matter; they can hear just as well from here.
Castiel doesn't answer. He reaches for the gun, but Dean grabs his wrist before he can get it. Dean tucks his gun in his holster, but his other hand doesn't drop from Castiel's arm. He's uncomfortably aware of the fact that they're only inches away from each other, but he can't bring himself to try to step away.
"Probably a spam call," Castiel says. "Could be someone calling about a case, though." Admittedly, that's a fairly rare occurrence,
It’s nice to see her this happy. She’d always been like a daughter to him, in a weird kind of way. Maybe a niece would be more apt. He’s never really thought of the specifics. All he knows is that he’s always wanted her to find something nice for herself, and the fact that she did makes him happier than he cares to admit.
CastieI sighs. "Dean…" He rests his head on the man's shoulder. "Me leaving had nothing to do with you, I promise. The hardest part of walking away was knowing I would probably never see you or my family again."
After a few minutes, Charlie puts her cup down and turns to look at him. "Can I ask you a question that
have to go," Castiel insists. He puts a hand on her back, trying to subtly push her out of line. He's not sure he expects to make it to the door, but he can hope.
"I don't know; that's not our field," Charlie says sympathetically. He doesn’t typically work missing person’s cases.
"Then you came to the right place," Lucifer says, giving him a reassuring punch to the shoulder. "I mean, I mess up all the time, so you are in good hands."
Castiel grabs the three envelopes he came here with and holds them out to him. “When you head back -- whenever that is; don’t rush on my account -- can you give these to your dad, your uncle, and Dean?”
"Well, not here, at least," Jack says. "Dean doesn't like when people park here 'cause he doesn't want to draw attention to us and he's always paranoid some rival gang will realize it's his car and destroy it."
Dean would probably be a little annoyed that Sam gets all the attention if it didn't give him the perfect chance to shove all this food in his mouth. He bites back a satisfied moan.
"Now, I know you're 'done with us,'" Dean says, making hand-quotes around the words, "but since you're here anyway and we have a couple spots to fill, wanna play a few rounds of poker with us?"
"No way." Jack crosses his arms. "I'm not letting you give him bad news just to let him take it out on us."
Dean chuckles dryly. "Not at all." He runs a hand down his face. “But the show must go on, right?” He looks over at his brother and forces a smile that he
," she says. "He's not a ghost, Cas. Just 'cause he's probably not in school and probably doesn't have a job or a house — legally, anyway — doesn't mean he's not in
the crew once upon a time," Dean says, "but that was a long time ago. There's not a goddamn Vamp in the city that doesn't know he's a cop. If they see him, they'll shoot him on sight."
"My ass is on the line just as much as yours is," Castiel hisses. "I told them it wasn't you in the video. If they find out I lied, I'm fucked, too."
"I prefer to keep my sexuality private," Castiel replies, knowing damn well that that's not at all true and not at all what she meant.
too beautiful for a gang member. The guy is a great comedian when he’s high, but he’s a hell of a lot smarter when he’s sober, and Castiel can tell from just the very beginning of this that he was drug-free when he wrote it.
“Believe me, you’re not the only one,” Dean says. "So? What d'ya say? Up for a full Purgatory family reunion?"
“There’s still a good chance they’ll kill you just on account of being a Hunter,” Sam says. “You realize that, right? That doesn’t make you safe at all.”
“This is day three,” Benny tells him. “I swear, it’s a whole new world up here. I’ve never been too fond of the idea of eternity, but I’ll be honest, brother, I wouldn’t mind spending eternity here.”
Main Street is simultaneously the most safe and least safe in the city (excluding, of course, directly in gang territory). It's located downtown, where a
"What?" Charlie furrows her brows. "But I swore you said Dean's been running that gang since he was a kid. Wouldn't his brother have been a kid too? And, you know,
It doesn’t take long for Dean to get a clear look at their faces. He doesn’t recognize the shorter one at first. She's a girl, though her clothes are so weirdly outdated that he almost wouldn't know it from this distance if he didn't notice her long dark hair in a braid to the side.
"Why?" Jody asks. "He was a Hunter once, wasn't he? And it certainly sounds like he would have been part of 'your crew' back then. Maybe they'll buy it."
Castiel closes the bedroom door immediately, and thank god he does because Dean doesn't wait another second to come back out. He shoves the closet door to the side haphazardly and leans against the doorframe with his arms crossed, an eyebrow cocked.
Castiel cracks a smile and shakes Sam's hand. "Thanks for coming, Sam. Keep in touch, okay? Don't go disappearing on us after this."
again, but they were afraid it would get too loud and Jack would wake up. Scrabble seemed like a decent alternative. It's certainly a quieter one, though their debates over whether some things count as a word have gotten a little louder than necessary.
Castiel gives him a small smile. "I'll do my best, but my safety is out of my hands tomorrow. It's the luck of the draw; whatever happens happens."
select group of people I could walk into Vamp territory with without raising any alarms. If I show up with a cop, it'll be over before it begins."
Castiel sets the chair down behind the boy. "How's your cheek?" The rough abrasion doesn't seem to have healed very much, but it's only been a few hours; short of an angelic blessing from the Heavens, there was no chance of it getting better overnight.
"They know where you are," Castiel says simply, then makes a show of turning his attention back to Jody. This conversation is over.
That leaves CastieI with two options. Randy is clearly ready to overlook this, so Castiel could pass it off as a case of mistaken identity that he seems so willing to believe. There's always a chance he'll try to follow up, though, either with his neighbors or with whoever got the (other) cops involved. Alternatively, he could admit that it's true and that someone
CastieI hesitates. He has a feeling he knows what they were about. He just can't figure out how to ask with Charlie right next to him. He doesn't want to say Dean's name. Hell, he doesn't even want to use male pronouns because she knows who he's talking to and those would be very easy dots to connect.
They're both lying naked on Castiel's bed, Dean with an arm around him and Castiel with his head on the man's chest. Something about it just feels so
"But we'll get you back to him, I promise," Castiel adds. "You'll be sleeping in your own bed before you know it."
said," Dean mutters under his breath. Jack and Cas absolutely could have taken a few minutes off their God trip to swing by and he’s glad Charlie agrees with him, even if Sam doesn’t.
Castiel sighs. “I don’t know. It’s just, you know, gang wars and shit. The Hunters have a lot of enemies. The police barely crack the list.” That’s true even on a normal day; after what happened with Alex a few months ago, he’s sure it’s only grown worse. He doesn’t mention that, though. He loves Charlie, but he’s not sure he trusts her
Ah, that would make sense. Castiel's response is simple, and he hopes his tone conveys his sincerity when he says, "He won't be."
Castiel smiles. He wasn’t really expecting an update on what he’s missed, but he’s glad he got one. It’s nice to see that not everything has fallen apart since he left, and as much as he wishes it hadn’t, it kind of means a lot that everything changed when he left. It means a lot that he was so important in people’s lives that his absence (and Sam’s absence) was so upsetting, though he does feel kind of bad about it.
Castiel doesn’t even have time to process that name before the door slams open, and out steps a very familiar, very
an hour ago," Castiel deadpans, though in reality, the way he played up their relationship was probably more truthful than his "I hate you" was. He may not be hopelessly in love with Dean Romeo-and-Juliet-style, but he
On the other hand, if Charlie decides she's not in this and leaves, there's a good chance she would take it to the cops. He'd have to get Jack out of here immediately and think up a new lie to piggyback off the old one. His fictional hookup is supposedly asleep in his bed; how could he explain that just a few minutes later, his entire house empty? If she involved the cops, either she or Castiel is getting in trouble, depending on whom the cops believe (and, realistically, it would probably be her).
sarcasm. "Well, it's either talk to you or do actual work. I think I'll stick with this." He shifts on the table and crosses his ankles in front of him. "So, how'd they finally get you?"
Dean does end up getting his wish, because the ambulance chooses that moment to pull up. Jody gives him more than just the chance to stay with her until they arrive; she waits until Patience has been loaded onto a stretcher (that she insists she doesn't need, but ultimately, it's not her choice) before she pulls the two men aside.
Castiel reaches back for the letters he brought with him. It really feels like they've reached their final goodbye, and he doesn't want to drag it out any longer than he has to. He finds himself hesitating, though. Jack means a lot to him, and it seems the feeling is mutual. As much as Castiel wants to stay out of this gang stuff, he can’t bring himself to leave Jack in the dust like this. Even with Lucifer, Gabriel, and Dean around, it still feels like he’s just leaving the kid all on his own. He can’t do that.
Castiel runs to the kitchen to grab a spare chair. There's no point in wasting time by walking, right? He carries it to the bathroom, where he knocks on the door again. "Chair."
” the old man asks again, impossibly more irritated this time. The playful flirting probably doesn’t help.
Castiel instinctively drops his arm from the old man, his other hand slapping itself on top of the wound. That, of course, only makes it worse, and he groans. It was just a graze, thank god, but it hurts like a son of a bitch.
They head back to the car, and Charlie decides that they're sitting in the trunk to eat. CastieI sees no point in arguing — it's impossible to change her mind about anything — so that's what they do.
He barely catches a glimpse of Dean's frown as he turns to leave. He should have listened to his instincts. Coming here was a bad idea. He reaches for the doorknob —
"Ooh, that's gotta hurt," Dean mutters. He pulls off his top flannel and wraps it around Castiel's arm. Castiel grits his teeth to keep from crying out. If it wasn't bad before, it sure as hell is now. He knows applying pressure is good for wounds like this, but right now, it really doesn't feel like it. "Better?"
“Hm…” Ben scans the array of food in front of him. “I think…: He points to one, though Castiel can’t make out which one it is. “The chocolate-covered strawberry ones are really good -- and I’m not just saying that because I was the one that made them.”
"I know," she says, "but I talked to Dean's brother, and he seems to think this is far more dangerous than I thought. I just want to know that you're sure about this, and you're not just doing something stupid to help an old flame."
The soft clinking of crutches alerts him to Jack’s presence before he sees the kid. “What’re you doing?”
"Hey!" Dean yells, firing a couple shots at the ceiling as if his voice wasn't already loud enough to get everyone's attention. He grabs the old man's handcuffs by the chain and pulls him over, his gun to the old man's head. It really looks like he's going to pull the trigger for a moment, but he stops himself and slowly lowers his weapon. "Whoever that was, you are
Charlie just smirks, unphased. They sit back down by his side and grab the remote, and they're just about to unpause the movie when the doorbell rings.
Castiel shrugs. “I’m off the clock. I don’t have to pretend I’d rather see you in a jail cell than a coffin.”
Castiel shakes his head at him. "I don't know how you got Jody to like you, but god, I wish I did." He has to think that’s part of the reason Jody was so lenient. She really does seem to like him, in a weird sort of way. Not the same weird way Castiel does, of course -- no one could like Dean the same way he does -- but a weird way nonetheless.
Cas sighs, and when he speaks, his voice is quiet, full of emotion that Dean can’t read. “Jack, will you give us a minute?”
To her husband, Jody says, “You know those boys I told you about who helped save the town after the whole, you know, zombie thing?”
And, in the midst of Castiel’s crisis, Charlie decides they don’t like this silence and they break it not long after they get in the car, much to his dismay.
Dean shoves him backwards, and he shoots his hands out behind him to catch himself on the table. "You have
Dean was okay with the fact that sleep is still a necessity in Heaven, even if it doesn't make sense. It breaks up the days and makes the concept of eternity a little less daunting. It also helps that he has the time for a full eight-hour rest, a luxury not often afforded to living hunters.
On the other hand, he doesn't want to tell Jack any of it. He doesn't want to worry the boy, and he doesn't want him to feel bad knowing Dean only got caught because he was out looking for him. He's not sure he can pretend everything is okay all night, and calling Lucifer is only going to make that harder.
Dean looks back at CastieI, who doesn't hesitate to meet his eye again. This time there's a challenge in his gaze — one that Dean is either oblivious to or just good at pretending he is. Castiel has a feeling it's the latter.
He's covered practically head-to-toe in blood. If the gashes across his face are any indication, it's probably all his own. His clothes are no better off. What looks like it used to be a tan flannel is now mostly red, and the holes in his blood-stained jeans just reveal more cuts.
that he does. His grudge has mostly subsided, and now Castiel isn’t so much ‘the traitor’ as he is ‘the one that got away.’ And they were so close once upon a time. They were practically married in every way except legally; they didn’t give much credence to the opinions of the government. Of course Dean is going to try to bring him back any way he can, even if it means guilt-tripping him with thoughts of his family.
Castiel has a hard time believing Dean would just let it go if Castiel completely ignored this, though what he'd do in retaliation (if anything) is a mystery to him. It's a mystery he's going to need an answer to, though, because he's not going. He
Charlie bolts upright, mumbling a barely-comprehensible  "Merry Christmas!" as she does. She looks around, confused, and a smile grows on her face when she sees the Winchesters. "Oh, hi!"
Dean lets out a low whistle. "That’s not quite what I had in mind when I closed your curtains, but if you're that excited, by all means, we can do it here instead."
CastieI cocks his head to the side. "Only one?" Ordinarily, hearing about the death of a teenager wouldn’t be a relief, but compared to the deaths of
"No, I haven't," Dean interrupts. When he meets Castiel's eye again, he doesn't look sad anymore; now he just looks frustrated. "Don't get me wrong; I'm glad you've found your calling, even if I fundamentally disagree with it in its entirety. But there is
"Did you throw her at them like a baseball to distract them so you could take off running?" CastieI asks.
"I guess I'm just better than you," Dean says teasingly. "But for real, I actually do want to go home, so can we…?"
Castiel shakes his head. “I’m pretty sure that if one of us would recognize Dean Winchester, it would be the guy who lived with him for almost a decade, not the one who saw him for five minutes in a bank almost a month ago.”
Charlie runs back into the room with two long, foldable ice packs and two kitchen towels. CastieI stands up and holds out a hand, and Charlie gives him one of the ice packs and towels without a word. He gently lifts Jack's leg and slips a towel-covered ice pack under it, then takes the other ice pack and gently rests it on top of his ankle. Jack whimpers, biting his lip.
I could be doing that's more important than what I'm doing right now. I've built this from the ground up and I've helped a hell of a lot of people doing it."
"Really?" CastieI doesn't realize until after he says it that he probably shouldn't sound so excited about it. Hell, he shouldn't
Castiel nods. “Another perk of having a cop boyfriend: bulletproof vests.” He’d like to think Dean’s only experience with bulletproof vests comes from television. He likely doesn’t realize that all they do is keep you
But beyond them are two other people -- two people who hadn’t been there just a minute or two earlier. Those are the two that really catch his attention. Cas and Jack are standing at a distance, seemingly deep in conversation and paying no attention to Dean or anyone else here. The first few times, these random appearances were just an annoyance. After so long of radio silence on their end, it means a lot more now.
Castiel grits his teeth. She didn't even let him finish saying goodbye. He fucked up. He has so obviously fucked up, he doesn't even know where to begin. No, actually, he
Castiel sighs and drops his hand. "I don't know. I just…" He runs a hand through his hair. "I don't want to make this harder than it has to be."
Well, that bodes well for Dean's freedom, at least. If he won’t confess to anything and he won’t give them anything to work with, he’s bound to be home free soon. Jody was right: the cops really
," Dean says. He tosses his clothes on the bed so he can hold both of Castiel's hands in his own. His gaze softens as he gazes down at the other man. "I've missed you.
Castiel's eyebrows shoot up. "Holy hell, you really grew up." He eyes the man up and down. He definitely wasn't this tall at 18 years old, nor was his hair even
The next half an hour or so is so boring, it’s barely worth mentioning. Jody briefly explains “the plan” (though in reality, “the plan” is just Dean doing whatever the fuck he wants to do and then telling the rest of the cops to come), and the ten or so officers that are coming listen intently. Dean looks as bored as Castiel feels, and Castiel wishes he could subtly make his way over to the man and strike up a separate conversation. It’s not like Dean would go for it even if he did, but he still wishes he could.
"And who might you be?" Dean asks. "You seem…" He eyes them and their close proximity. "Very close."
Jack nods and does as he's told. Castiel waits for a moment to make sure the kid is okay before he takes his hand back. He's pretty sure Jack had only taken two breaths the entire time he was explaining what happened and it's entirely possible he would have seen the boy's face turning blue if there had been any more light in the room.
Castiel swings by Charlie's, and she walks out with two homemade coffees. She hands him one before either of them have said a word, and Castiel takes a sip immediately. Ah, caffeine. It truly is one of life's greatest gifts.
But sometimes it was harder to put a label on people. Crowley, for instance — they were reluctant allies at best when they first met; by their last meeting, they'd grown close enough for Crowley to sacrifice himself for them. Then there was Benny, the vampire who really introduced him to the moral ambiguity of the things that go bump in the night. In any other situation, they would have been enemies. In Purgatory, anything goes, and their unlikely alliance became something Dean wouldn't even know how to describe.
the gang leader guy! No one would've…" She mimes the firing of a gun. After a brief pause, she adds a wary, "Right?"
The man with the gun holds it in the air and lets off another shot, followed by a loud, "Everybody shut up!"
“Apparently,” Dean says with a shrug. “They live over there." He jerks a thumb behind him, pointing back at the house. It's the same house he grew up in, and it's admittedly a little uncomfortable being back here.
. What the hell does Dean want him to see? Castiel knows exactly what office building he's referring to: they used to squat there before Castiel ran away and Dean moved the whole gang so they wouldn't be found. There's absolutely nothing of interest there. Does Dean have something tangible to show him? Something he wants to bring with him? Why wouldn't he just
"You're a terrible fucking liar," Dean tells him. He runs a hand down his face. His anger seems to have dissipated; now he just sounds
"I'll be okay," Jack assures her. "Worst case scenario, I get an infection and die a slow, painful death. What's not to like?"
"And you got another one up here," Ellen adds, lifting her bottle of beer as if for a toast. "Now grab a drink and sit down. I wanna hear some stories."
"How long do you think you're gonna stay here?" Castiel asks. "I mean, obviously you can stay as long as you'd like. I'm just curious if I should go buy more groceries." Maybe tonight would be the right time for a nice home-cooked meal. Spaghetti and meatballs is always good, and it's not too hard to make. Baked ziti, too. Basically, anything with noodles is easy as fuck and still tastes good.
"I did," Castiel says. "I almost thought I wouldn't — I spent a lot longer than Sam did looking for it — but I did."
Castiel shakes his head. "You watch without me. I'm gonna put on some more comfortable clothes." He loves his trenchcoat, but nothing beats jeans and a tee shirt when he's hanging out at home (except maybe sweatpants and a tee shirt).
Charlie returns then, a wet towel in hand, and they hand it to him. He gently presses it to Jack's forehead, and aside from a sharp inhale and a wince, he remains mostly still.
“I can’t believe it’s really you,” Gabriel whispers. “I never thought I’d get to see you again. It’s been so long…”
"She thinks it's been a few days," Charlie tells them. "I don't know if we'll be able to test for them."
Castiel narrows his eyes. They're getting dangerously close to returning to the territory they'd found themselves in yesterday when Dean first found out that Jack had been at Castiel's apartment for a few days. He didn't appreciate the implication that he had no right to give Jack a safe place then, and he doesn't appreciate it any more this time around. He's still family, whether Dean likes it or not, and Jack chose to come to him for a reason.
Castiel glances around to make sure Dean isn't around (he's not sure whether Sam is a sore subject) before he says, "I honestly have no idea. We kinda fell out of touch a year or two after we reached California. Last I saw him, he was working on becoming a lawyer or something."
Castiel and Charlie take a celebratory trip to Olive Garden, but nothing of interest happens there so let's just skip ahead to when Charlie drops him off. He waves them off and heads inside…
Fortunately, Dean's answer is a simple, "Hopefully nothing." He shrugs. "I'd like to think I'll be walking out of here in, what, 45 hours?"
"You're sure you want to do this?" Jody asks quietly. "There's still time to back out if you change your mind."
I can play a few rounds." There's no way Jody didn't realize this was about playing with the Hunters. If she really has no problem with him spending half the night with them, maybe there's no reason not to.
“Yeah, or something,” Castiel says with a shrug. “You’re welcome to ask him about it, but I can’t promise he’ll give you a straight answer.”
"Yeah, true," Charlie says. "But you're risking your life tomorrow, so I think that should get you a free pass."
He's been to Heaven. Hell, apparently he was here just a couple of days ago. Why would he take the time to talk to Benny, albeit very briefly, and not visit Dean? It just doesn't make sense — unless, of course, Cas is just avoiding him, which is starting to look more and more likely.
That's all the conversation they get before Jody drags the old man away, and then it's just Dean and Castiel (and the plethora of cops and Vamps surrounding them). This is much better.
"The only way we're gonna be together is if you leave the Hunters behind," Castiel tells him. "I told you I'm not leaving my life behind. I have too much to lose."
shut him down immediately. He stops fidgeting with his hands, too, instead just clasping them in his lap, and it only takes a few seconds for him to look out the window again.
Twenty years and this is the first time Dean has had to deal with cops like this, and it's all because he didn't know where Jack was. No wonder he's so upset. He has a feeling this is going to put a bit of a strain on their relationship for a while. He just hopes it doesn't get them killed tomorrow.
After a few minutes, Castiel asks, “Are you sure the Vamps still live here?” He’s pretty sure this is around where they hung out when he was a Hunter, but if the Hunters have all moved since then, maybe the Vamps have, too.
"And if I don't, I'll end up dead," Jack says. "Maybe not today. Maybe not from this. But the Vamps aren't done with me. They'll get their revenge sooner or later if I stick around."
Dean nudges the door open with his foot, revealing not just the young girl they saw earlier but an officer as well. Their back is to him as they talk to the girl, and Castiel squints. Is that…
give Dean an answer, too. He'd be pissed — more so than he is now. He's going to have to go behind the kid's back for this one.
Slowly, people begin to trickle up to the counter. Castiel wishes he could help them, to try to calm them down. He's sure even just taking the lead by putting his phone on the counter first would have made them more comfortable. He's a cop, after all; taking charge and de-escalating situations is part of his job. Unfortunately, that may be the worst possible course of action right now. He doesn't want to draw any more attention to himself than necessary.
independence (though he was very close to asking for a knee scooter instead just so he could zoom around the apartment). As Castiel takes care of that, Jack finishes getting himself cleaned up, and CastieI gives him some clothes to borrow while he's here. It's all much too big on him, but with a safety pin through the sweatpants to hold them up (and the sweatpants to hold up his borrowed boxers that are
"It's not like he's doing it alone," Castiel says. "And, frankly, it's better than the alternative: marching in guns blazing with the Hunters." He absolutely would, too, which is the worst part. It's hard to view Dean getting arrested as a good thing, but at least it means he couldn't do something stupid(er?) when he heard about Jack.
Dean steps through the door first, and with a single clap of his hands, he says, "Good news! Poker night just got a little bigger."
"Dude, have you ever met a teenage girl?" Dean asks. "Hanging out alone with two grown-ass men they don't know with the door closed is
Jack runs his towel under the faucet again, and the water turns a very faint shade of red as it slides down the drain. "What's California like, anyway?"
CastieI glances behind himself to where Jack is lying on the couch. The boy shakes his head emphatically, so Castiel turns his attention back to Dean. "Does Jack have red hair, a police badge, and an unhealthy obsession with nerd shit? 'Cause if not, I'm pretty sure it's just my partner."
Castiel fights the urge to glance back at the closet. He can promise many things, but complete transparency is
"Oh, I know," Sam says. "Dean told me what he's doing, and he wouldn't listen when I told him it was stupid. I'm just hoping he'll listen to me in person because
"Just for tonight," Castiel reminds him. "Then I'm just a guy who knows a little more than he let on." Admittedly, that's still criminal, but it's not as bad as
"Well, while we're waiting… " Lucifer gets up and walks over to him, pulling him into a tight hug. "We missed you, Cas. It hasn't been the same since you left."
"I was in a gang, I left, I'm here," Castiel interrupts. "Congratulations, you now know my whole life story."
Castiel glances at the time. There should be a minute or two before the cops arrive, and it would take far longer than that to explain everything to her. Fortunately for him, he has no desire to do that. He'll tell her the bare minimum and that's it.
make a face, only for a few seconds but long enough for Castiel to see it. Maybe this will finally be what breaks him and forces him to talk.
After a brief moment of deliberation, Dean says an absentminded, “Hey, I’ll be right back,” his gaze never straying from Cas’s face. Yes, he knows he’s more likely to make a fool of himself (again) than to get some answers, but he can’t just look at Cas and
Castiel hands Jack his cup of apple juice, and he gets a, "Thank you," in response. Jack takes a few sips before setting it down on the coffee table.
What the hell is he supposed to do about Dean? He can't meet him tomorrow — his court appearance is far more important  — but he's almost afraid to find out what will happen when he doesn't show. Is he going to be mad? Is he going to make sure Castiel
Instantly, the room goes silent. Castiel ducks his head, trying to obscure his face. A subtle glance around shows two men at both doors, each one armed. Well, they're fucked.
"You know 'for what,'" Dean says, his mood suddenly much darker. It looks like that's the end of their lighthearted conversation. "Seriously, Cas, you gotta level with me. He's been gone since Friday and he won't pick up the phone. If he's here, you gotta tell me."
That's the official story, at least. It's the one Sam managed to scrape together from what little Dean would say about it, and it is, to a point, the truth. It just neglects what Dean considers to be the most important part: that the Empty only took them because Cas knew it would save Dean's life.
"I don't blame you," Dean says. "Especially with Andrea here." The fact that she's here is arguably more surprising than Cas bringing Benny back. At least Dean and Cas
"Not now; he's actually pretty busy," Sam says. "Soon, though — next time we see him, we'll tell him to come by."
By the end, there’s a small smile on Dean’s face, and he’s subtly bopping his head to the beat. It takes all Castiel’s self-control not to crack a joke about it. That’s a surefire way to put him back in a bad mood.
Castiel slips that in Dean’s envelope as well. He seals Dean’s envelope, but he only tucks the flap in on his brothers’. There’s no point in sealing them if Dean is going to open them before he hands them over -- and after that last little note, he’s fairly certain Dean
It's fairly late when he gets home, and all he wants to do is put on a tee shirt and some sweatpants and curl up on the couch with a book for a few hours. That plan
“You made it!” The silverware forgotten, John heads over to his kids, giving them each a big hug. Dean honestly isn’t sure what to do. It’s not like his dad
"I don't think he wants to see you right now," Castiel says, which probably sounds kind of rude but it's true. Jack doesn't even want Dean to know where he is. It's probably safe to assume he doesn't want to talk to him, either.
"And you're telling the truth this time?" Charlie asks. "You're not just saying that because you think it's what I want to hear?"
It's a Friday night and Castiel and Charlie both had the pleasure of watching a murderer get dragged off to prison. Trials can be exhausting, but moments like these make it all worth it. Justice was served, a murderer has been locked up, and now they have the weekend to celebrate.
CastieI chuckles nervously. "I know you're trying to help, but that really just puts a lot of pressure on me." He
That's good enough, right? He doesn't have to know the specifics. Content, he folds it up and puts it in an envelope. He writes a big "DW" on the front in Sharpie. That should get his attention. He grabs a roll of duct tape just in case.
Castiel shrugs. "I'm sure he could drag in their dead bodies without breaking a sweat, but I have a feeling that's not what you're looking for."
"Cas, wait!" Charlie runs up to him and grabs his shoulder, and he hits her arm away. "Look, I'm sorry, but —"
CastieI smiles back for a moment just to humor him. "I don't know anyone's numbers, but if you want to use my phone to call your dad —"
“Charlie and I are going out for lunch,” Castiel lies. “Don’t want to draw attention to myself in my fancy clothes.” He’d like to think that was a pretty good lie for such little time to think. If he keeps that up today, he shouldn’t have a problem (as long as he doesn’t take a bullet to the head before he gets the chance to talk).
Lucifer snorts. “Jack wouldn’t let me take him away even if I wanted to. This is the only home he’s ever known.”
Castiel hesitates, but, after much deliberation, Jack’s puppy eyes seal the deal and he sighs. “Alright, I guess I can walk you back.”
"I'm fine," Dean assures her. "I'm — I'm great. Really." He plasters a smile on his face. "Now, what are we standing around here for? Didn't you say there'd be food?"
Castiel sits down on the end of the bed and buries his head in his hands. Maybe Charlie was right. He's not sure he's up for work tomorrow.
rare opportunity. When Dean says he doesn't talk to cops, he sure as hell means it. It's not something he can let pass him by.
“Because…” Castiel shrugs sheepishly. “I may not be a Hunter anymore, but you’re still family. I just don’t want anyone to get hurt.”
Castiel shakes his head. "I've gotta get home." He pulls out his phone to check the time, then amends, "I should've gone home hours ago, actually." At this rate, it might be easier to pull an all-nighter than to suffer through tomorrow on just a few hours of sleep.
Castiel scoffs. "What the hell is that supposed to mean?" Clearly, this sweet bonding moment has reached an end.
It doesn't take a genius to realize he's referring to Target, but the fact that he seems to expect the cops to be looking for him bodes well. Castiel decides to use that to his advantage in explaining what happened.
He pauses for a few seconds, weighing his options. He could tape the letters to the wall on the second floor and just hope that if Dean comes by again, he sees them there. He could leave and come back later when the third floor will hopefully be empty. Or he could head to the third floor anyway just to see what’s going on.
And, as much as having them around complicates things, Charlie also lightens the mood with her jokes. Now that all they're doing is trying to get Jack cleaned up, their conversation has mostly devolved into small talk, and Charlie makes things entertaining.
CastieI, who literally parked his car here just moments ago, fights back a sigh. If someone fucks up his car in the next few minutes, Castiel is forcing Dean to buy him a new one. It's the least he could do.
Dean chuckles. "Works for me." He straightens it out with his teeth, and, with a little maneuvering, he manages to get it in the key slot. Castiel watches, amused. He knows Dean will be able to get himself free, but it doesn't make it any less fun to watch him struggle.
"Alex," Dean says, and Castiel flinches. "I'd say I'm surprised you didn't recognize the body, but…"
watch over her,” Jody reminds him. “But, you know, between us, her parents, and Kaia, she’s mostly staying out of trouble.”
“Oh, yeah, yeah, it is,” Nathan says. “Do you want to see the video? I’m sure Cheryl can pull that up for you.” After a pause, he adds, “Cheryl works with security. She’s really nice.”
“No,” Castiel repeats. “Because I don’t want you trying to subtly convince him to leave when he’s not ready to. I’ll tell him about the Vamps, I’ll see how he feels, and if he doesn’t want to go home,
"I don't necessarily mean physically," Charlie says. "I mean, like, emotionally. Manipulative and guilt-trippy and —"
Dean eyes him up and down from across the room, and Castiel gives him a small, awkward smile. Maybe seeing him in his old Hunter clothes will help mend things just a little bit? Bring back old memories?
Castiel is about to tell him “no,” but Charlie beats him to it. “How about, like, two more things. Like…” She points at something and, once again, Castiel can’t tell what she’s looking at. “That one. The yellow one. Yellow is cool.”
"I'm sorry my desire to have a decent relationship with my partner is inconveniencing you," Castiel deadpans. He picks Dean's clothes up off the floor with his foot and grabs them with his hand, then holds them out to him. "Here you go. Have a nice rest of your life."
Dean grits his teeth and storms away. Castiel lets out a quiet sigh of relief. At least he's not dead. He's not sure he'll still be able to say that by the time Dean is done here, but for now, he's still breathing.
Castiel shrugs. "Well, if I didn't, I'd probably have to testify at Dean's trial someday, and that would put me in a very uncomfortable position." With a small smile, he says, "Can't be uncomfortable if you're dead."
After a bit of an existential crisis in the car, Castiel finally makes it home. He’s too tired -- physically and emotionally -- to bother getting changed; he goes straight to his bed and flops down. He could
"Like my brothers," CastieI replies. He turns his attention to Jack just so she doesn't have the chance to ask any more questions. "Are you sure you don't want to tell them? Especially if you're staying here for a few days. They're gonna be worried sick."
"I can do it," Charlie volunteers, and he appreciates it. That's what he'd been hoping for, but he didn't want to outright ask her to do something that difficult. "If you end up in the hospital, he'll probably want to see you, right? Could I…?"
"Fine." Dean gestures for them to go. "I hope you think of me every time you find a body or there's a missing person and you think the Vamps are involved. Odds are, they probably were." He gives them a fake smile. "Bye, now."
The next week or so goes smoothly. Things are pretty calm, and with no new murders to look into, Castiel and Charlie continue looking at old leads. They actually think they solve a case from a year ago, and now they’re just looking for more evidence before they act on it. Overall, it’s a pretty productive week, and Castiel is feeling a lot better in every sense of the word.
Castiel folds it up and slips it in another envelope. He writes "Gabe" on the front in large letters. I'd Dean finds it, he'll know what to do. If someone else finds it… well, it's vague enough that he's sure nothing will happen and Castiel will be none the wiser.
CastieI nods once. That's fair enough. Now he just has to figure out what to say. He’d been trying to figure it out for the last hour, and he’s absolutely no closer to finding an easy way to put it than he was when this all went down. It seems his only option is word vomit and hoping for the best.
"No one," Castiel interrupts, keeping his voice as level as he can. It works surprisingly well. "You're here for a reason. Do your thing and disappear. It's what you do best."
"And how are your parents?" Dean asks. "How's your dad?" All the Novaks were dealt pretty shitty hands in life, but Dean's always felt like Jimmy had it the worst. He seemed like such a good guy, too.
“Nicely done, Cas,” Dean remarks, and he really does seem to mean it. For the Vamps’ benefit, he adds, “You know, I never would’ve guessed it a few years ago but there are a
“A lot’s changed since then,” Benny says, “but between you and me, brother, this is as close to paradise as I think anyone’ll ever get.”
CastieI groans. Again with the fucking doorbell — and this late at night, too. What is this, a fucking bed-and-breakfast?
Given that the only possible response to that would be to admit that Dean is right, Castiel just shuts his mouth. He’s still not entirely confident, though. Someone should have seen them by now. You can’t walk around in Hunter territory for this long without running into someone, in the middle of the day or the dead of night. Why are the Vamps any different?
"Mm-hmm," Castiel hums skeptically. "And whose name is it rented under?" There's no way Dean would let
The door opens to reveal a woman, probably a few years younger than them, eyeing them skeptically. It's definitely not Andrea, so Castiel can't put a name to this face the way he did when he saw Gordon.
Castiel glances down at Jack's still-swollen ankle. "I'm no medical expert, but I don't think you're gonna be able to walk for
Charlie runs a hand through her hair, exasperated. "You gotta give me more than this. I cannot force myself to keep asking questions that I don't want to know the answer to. You just gotta come out and tell me —"
From this distance, he can't quite make out who he's looking at. He can make out the two figures, though, and the fact that the taller one is dressed in black is enough for Dean to know it's not Cas. The shorter one wears a lighter ensemble, but not one reminiscent of Cas's infamous trenchcoat. Unless Cas decides to give himself a makeover, he's not here.
He tightens his hand around the letter. He has to choose -- preferably sooner rather than later; he’d kind of like to go to sleep soon. The curiosity is eating at him, but is it worth the risk? Is it worth the
has been looking for him. Hell, your brother's spent more time crying this week than he has sleeping! And you —"
"I always forget you're a cop," Jack remarks. "The way my dad talks about you, you always seemed like such a badass. It's weird to think you joined…" He makes a face. "
Dean just smiles. Castiel rolls his eyes and turns his attention back to the kid. He's not sure what he expected Dean to show him, but this was
Though Dean had looked incredibly amused at the whole situation, he finally decides to step in. "As much as I appreciate the hesitation, I think we both know you want to sit with your brothers."
Castiel is relieved to find that literally nothing changes at work. The only things Jody discusses with him are directly related to his cases, and neither Dean nor the Hunters come up once. Even Charlie only brings it up once or twice, and only when they're alone.
to expect. That doesn't mean he's not nervous at all, though. It's going to be so nice to talk to his brothers again, but he can't help but feel like he's going to fuck it up somehow. This is probably going to be the last time he sees them. He'd like it to end on a high note.
Charlie is silent for a few moments, thinking, before they ask, “Are you sure you don’t want to call his dad now? Whoever that was at the door earlier, they really seemed to think he was worried. Jack doesn’t have to know.”
As soon as Castiel, Dean, and Charlie have entered the building, Sam runs up and pulls his brother into a hug. Castiel stands back with a smile on his face. He never expected to see the Winchesters back together. The fact that almost 14 years of radio silence between them didn’t dampen their relationship at all makes him so happy.
"The cops are vaguely aware that my nephew is staying at my house," Castiel tells him. "And they probably know he's a Hunter. I don't know; no one really asked about it. So if something happens to me, my partner will take Jack. I don't know if she'll take him to you or to me if I'm in the hospital or to her own place, but she'll keep him safe."
"Well, I don't know about 'living,'" Dorothy says, "but this is my place." She pauses. "Well, mine and Charlie's, and I'm guessing that's who you're here to see."
Still, standing on this bridge with his brother, gazing out into the beautiful mysteries of Heaven that he's yet to explore, he has to admit that death has done him well.
to respond. Dean has a point, as much as he hates to admit it — and he sure as hell won't admit it aloud. He knows he’s a good person and that he’s making the world a better place and he won’t let Dean take that from him.
They head to Target, and Jody is waiting for them outside. She’s talking with an employee -- at least he
“That’s fine,” Castiel assures him. “Target has the best security of any store I have ever seen.” He’s acutely aware of this not because he has much experience with Target but because Dean always told the Hunters never to shoplift from there. They have cameras everywhere and there’s always at least one member of the security team on the clock. “I’m sure we can catch him on a camera.”
Dean heaves a sigh. He knew it was too much to hope for. But if Cas heard his prayer — and he always does — then maybe he'll come tomorrow. Maybe he'll come in a few days. At this point, Dean doesn't care when he sees Cas. He just wants to see him.
"You know," Dean remarks, eyeing the lettuce in his brother's carriage, "you can stop eating that shit now. You don't have to be healthy anymore. It's not like you have a body or whatever."
That someone ends up being Jody. She sucks in a sharp breath when she sees Castiel's arm. "I thought they hit you in the vest!"
"I haven't finished simping over Milf Amidala!" Charlie adds, and he gives her a playful slap on the head. Whoever let Charlie get ahold of Gen Z slang owes him money for emotional reparations.
"If you wanna come find me, you are more than welcome to," Castiel says. "But I kinda got a job and I'd be fired just for being here if anyone found out."
Ben takes a strawberry cupcake out and puts it in the cupcake container, which he then closes and slides across the counter towards them. “Still looking for more?”
Castiel Novak is pretty much your average cop. He and his partner Charlie Bradbury work in homicide, and they're damn good at what they do, if he may say so himself. They're in the midst of a pressing case — a shootout behind the mall a few nights ago that left three dead; it seems to be linked to the Hunters, a gang that is infamous for avoiding the law — but right now, it's time for
"I dunno," Jack admits. "Probably just a few days. I don't think I wanna go back if I can't walk, you know?"
to go on with the Hunters.) Arresting Dean is a huge win in that regard; is she really willing to risk it on a maybe?
done," Dean says. "I never believed you when you said you were done before. I was so sure it woukd be different this time, that you were going to come here and just tell me off — arrest me, even; I don't know — but you didn't.
"I'm not going to be around after today," Castiel tells him. "I actually wasn't planning on 'being around' today. I was just going to leave something here for Dean and that was going to be it."
Sam shakes his head, exasperated. “Look, if you want to throw yourself a pity party, you do that, but
"How'd you get my number?" Castiel asks. He's not upset or accusative; he's just curious. He didn't have this phone when he lived in California for a few years. There’s no way Sam should have his number.
CastieI shrugs. That would be nice. Or, alternatively, the Vamps could just kill him and he wouldn't have to deal with any of his problems. Either one works.
here. Dean’s come to accept that he’s losing his mind, but he doesn’t need to spread the news to anyone who will listen.
"I think she'll be fine," Jack says. "She never goes anywhere alone — usually Kaia's with her — and she won't hesitate to shoot anybody that tries to mess with them."
illegal — but he also knows better than to say that aloud with people eavesdropping. After a long few moments, he hits his hand down on the table and turns to face the one-way mirror. "I can get you the Vamps."
"I don't know why I'd see him, but sure," Castiel says. "Now bye." He closes the door in Dean's face before he gets a response. He turns back around, and, predictably, Charlie looks like she has a
Castiel presses his lips into a firm line. He'd known she would pick up on that and he'd assumed she'd ask, but it doesn't make it any easier to be in this situation. The fact that Dean is lying through his teeth doesn't help, either. It's better than admitting that Jack and Claire killed them, he supposes, but it still doesn't help.
Charlie excuses herself and slips out the door, once again leaving it open just a crack. Dean subtly kicks it with his foot to open it a little more. Castiel looks over at him, his head cocked to the side. What's up with that? If anything, shouldn't he
… it kind of hurts. That was such a pivotal moment in their relationship. After 23 years of doing everything he could to win his dad's approval, it was the first time he'd ever genuinely felt validated. Now it's almost like that never happened. Does his validation count if John doesn't remember giving it? Does it count coming from a John of such a different time?
Jody nods slowly, and CastieI has to admit, he really didn't expect her to consider it like this. It feels like all she ever talks about is stopping the Hunters. (Granted, the Vamps don't come up very much because no one even knows who's part of it. At least they have
Castiel snorts. "I have no idea, but there's a good chance everything we're saying is being recorded." He hadn't actually thought about that until now, so thank god Dean said something. It's likely that no one will listen to the recording, at least this far into it, but there's always the possibility.
have to be the one in charge of this kid? Neither the police academy nor his time with the Hunters prepared him for this. Maybe he should have studied nursing instead of criminal justice.
"I don't know if it's still morning, but good morning to you too," Castiel replies. He reaches into his back pocket to check the time, only to remember that his phone is still charging because he'd left it unplugged for almost 24 hours straight and it was very, very dead.
Actually, the more Castiel thinks about it, the more valid a reason it is for Jack to laugh that hard. He actually remembers Dean trying to babysit Jack, Claire, and Alex at different points when they were little. It was always an experience, to say the least. At least then he could give them back at the end of the day, which is more than a parent could say.
But he doesn’t. He doesn’t even know if Dean is going to check the office anymore, and even if he does, he doesn’t want the guy to think he’s changed his mind. If he writes back to them, Dean might think he’s still on the fence about staying away, and Castiel doesn’t want to risk accidentally falling back into his old ways.
changed, and he'd be surprised if his father really doesn't see it. Last time they spoke, John seemed to think he'd changed for the better. Looking back at these last few years, Dean's not so sure about that. He supposes it doesn't matter. He just wants to forget it all and have a nice family dinner. Why is that so hard for him?
CastieI balls his hands into fists, but he knows that getting mad at her here would be a death sentence. Just because Jody
Dean just forces a smile. It would be one thing if he was fighting to save the world; it's another thing for him to die fighting to save Dean.
Ben nods thoughtfully. “How about... “ He taps the glass with one finger. “Chocolate cupcake with chocolate chips
Dean just rolls his eyes, looking completely unphased. "You know, this is a pretty funky town. The cops are pretty busy; don't have a lot of time to check out abandoned old buildings. How long do you think it would take for them to find 20, 30 dead bodies here? Because I think that would be a
That one earns a real smile, and though he's clearly still upset, he seems to find that concept at least a little amusing.
"Do I even need to dignify that with a response?" He had more than his fair share of illegal drugs in his teenage years. He’s not in a rush to use any more. Castiel dumps a few pills into his hand and gives Charlie the bottle back. He's glad he left his water bottle at his desk while he was out; it makes popping pills infinitely easier.
Sam ignores him. "Dean's been waiting for Cas to drop everything and check in ever since Bobby told him that Cas is alive."
without the constant threat of the end of the world looming over him, now that he thinks about it. If this is what Heaven’s going to be like, he already loves it.
"I will," CastieI says, his voice barely a whisper. The small smile that grows on his lips tells him that Dean heard it anyway.
bother yourself with drug crimes. It's not like you were a narc for a few years — oh, wait a second, I forgot."
,” Nathan says. “He put his gun away, grabbed a box of chocolate bars -- you know, the ones at the self-checkout that you can buy the bars individually -- and his bag, voided his transaction, and left. Didn’t pay or anything.”
Jack carefully puts his hurt foot down on the floor. He tries to flatten it, but he gives up quickly and instead leaves it hovering just an inch above the carpet. His other foot touches the ground with ease, and with some help from Castiel, he makes it to his feet — err, to his foot.
Jack does as he's told. The left side comes off easier than the right; CastieI has a feeling his hand or his wrist is hurt, but nothing seems swollen, at least. Jack holds the bloody flannel up and looks around uncertainly. CastieI just takes it and tosses it to the floor. He doesn't particularly care about the blood getting on the carpet — though he is a little peeved that he's going to have to get a new couch. Couches are
"Well, maybe I just like salads," Sam says indignantly.  "Did you ever think of that?" He plucks a chocolate bar from a shelf as they pass by and drops it in his cart, and Dean snickers.
-- and even if he could, he’s not sure he’d want to. He answers the question in the only way he knows how. "I found a family."
CastieI knew this was coming, but that doesn't make it any easier. "Where would you like me to start?"
She shakes her head. "We just waited for Jody to give us the all-clear — so if you said anything stupid,
Flanked by an officer on both sides, Dean is walking down the hall with his hands cuffed behind his back. Despite what has to be a pretty shitty situation for him, he seems to be in good spirits as he walks by, a smile on his face. He’s still being escorted by, but he keeps his gaze on Castiel as he does.
"Not until you tell me what's going on," Charlie says firmly. "Why won't you bring him to a hospital? Look at him!"
The leader -- “the old man,” they call him -- stands in the middle of the room, a pleasant smile on his face. He always has seemed like a fairly sweet person; Castiel knows him and his people well enough to know it’s a facade.
Having a desk next to his partner is a blessing and a curse. It's hard to get anything done when she keeps sliding over to crack a stupid joke every few minutes, but it does keep him entertained during an otherwise-boring work week.
Dean does a double-take at the sound of that name. "You and Eileen, huh?" He’d always known they were perfect for each other, but in all honesty, he hadn’t expected it to work out. The world is too unpredictable, especially for a hunter. Dean had been sure something would get in the way, and he’s never been so glad to be wrong.
Dean takes a deep breath. This isn't enough. Just asking for Cas to show his face isn't enough; he needs to show that he's sorry. Whether that's what Cas is looking for, Dean's not quite sure, but he knows
of the Hunters would react if Dean doesn't make it out. He's not sure he wants to burden Charlie with that, though. If Jack is the most of her worries, that’s probably for the best.
"If this isn't an emergency, I really don't know what is," CastieI says. "Don't you think your dad's gonna get worried, though? Are you sure you don't want to at least let him know that you're okay?"
much," Lucifer says. "Stay safe tomorrow, Cas. I know you want to help Dean and I know you want to take down the Vamps, but don't do anything stupid. You're no use to anyone dead."
“So I’ve heard,” Benny replies. “I gotta be honest, brother, I got no idea what I did to deserve this, but it sure beats Purgatory, I’ll give it that.”
“What do you mean, what am I doing here?” she asks. “I’m dead, remember? The real question is what are
CastieI smiles. He said somehow like that to Dean once, many years ago. He can't help but wonder if that's who Jack heard it from, or if he and Castiel are just so much alike that they both had the same thought. He's not sure which he likes more.
"Hey, that's totally fine," Castiel assures them. "Take your time. But I'm really glad you told me." With a playful smile, he adds, "And because that means so much to me, I'm only gonna eat
"Look," Dean says, "if you want to keep him there and he wants to stick around, that's fine. I don't care. I just want to see him.”
"You know I will," Sam says. He eyes his brother for a moment, then asks, "This isn't still about Cas, is it?"
Castiel gives Charlie a vague outline of his conversations with Dean and Jody, but it's not until they're alone in the cat together that they really start to talk about it. It's easier when there's no one around to overhear them. They don't have to be as cautious.
"The one and only," Dean says. Looking around, he can see some questionable expressions — mostly from the three that had the misfortune of actually encountering Lucifer and his mutts — and he figures it's worth throwing in a disclaimer. "He barely knew Lucifer, though, and they definitely didn't see eye-to-eye. Jack always said his dad was…"
"Jack knew you were gonna say that," Castiel tells him. "That's why he doesn't want you to know. He doesn’t want you to make this into something bigger than it already is."
anything." CastieI pauses to grab some ice cream before she eats it all. "I already said it would make sense if a kid said it, but since you said it as a whole ass adult, it makes no sense."
It’s easier to think when he’s looking at the kid, so he keeps his gaze on the nephilim as he says, “There’s nothing
It's probably for the best, Castiel reasons. There are officers listening in on everything that happens. They probably don't want to hear the two chatting, and Castiel doesn't really want them to, either. It's just so awkward walking around in complete silence.
“Eh.” They wave that off. “Sometimes it’s worth it.” In a more serious tone, she says, “But, really, Cas, stay safe. Don’t do anything stupid. We want the Vamps, but we want you back alive more.”
Castiel narrows his eyes. If Dean wants to be dramatic about this, he can be dramatic, but no amount of bitching is going to make this true.
some people here. Is it really worth pursuing?” He’d like to think they wouldn’t find Dean anyway, but he’s still not too fond of the idea of them looking.
"Kill me," Castiel deadpans. One of the "suspects" (read: murderers) they apprehended is going to court next week, and even though he
"Yeah, it's, like, three streets over or something," Sam says. How he knows that, Dean has no idea. Maybe he spends his time exploring the part of Heaven with actual people instead of the woods that Dean likes so much.
"What's your name?" Dean asks before adding, "if you don't mind me asking." It makes him sound a lot less intimidating; a lot more trustworthy. He definitely knows what he's doing — but, then again, meeting new people in stressful situations is what he does. That's how the Hunters were born. Of course he knows how to talk to her.
He’s supposed to pick Charlie up today, so time is really starting to run low. He jogs back to the bedroom and tucks his jacket in the duffel bag. He zips it up and slings it over his shoulder. Perfect. That should be all he needs.
"If Charlie finds out you came by and I didn't wake her up, she'll kill me," Dorothy says. "Which would be a big feat considering I'm already dead, but she'd figure it out." She heads to Charlie's side and taps the girl on the head.
Castiel’s eyes scan the nearby buildings. A bank? That can’t be it. Burger King? She knows he prefers McDonald’s -- and who
Dean chuckles. “Yeah, it was really something. As long as they don’t get to take a trip to paradise, too, though, I’m fine with it.”
The first thing Charlie says to him when he picks them up is a very blunt, "You look like you got hit by a bus."
Castiel just watches her go, frozen. He's not sure what he's expected, but this definitely wasn't it. And the fact that she knows that it was Jack who killed the Vamps (or, technically,
“That’s fair,” Castiel says. He’d assumed as much. Dean doesn’t seem to think he’s very trustworthy, and he can’t say he blames the guy. “If you don’t want to risk Dean getting mad, that’s totally fine, but if you think you can keep it a secret, I’ll give it to you anyway. It’s up to you.”
“My dad says he wishes he could be here,” Jack says. “He wanted me to tell you that if you decided you wanted to come back, you could, no questions asked. He really misses you.” With a sad smile, he adds, “We
"You've already got your hands on it," another teen, Kevin, says. "He's supposed to be putting you in handcuffs, not beating you at poker."
, at least, once upon a time — a family. CastieI had assumed he'd want to shield this from the cops, but from Dean, too? What could be so bad that even Dean can't know?
Castiel doesn't even flinch. He looks up at Dean, his chin raises defiantly. If he's gonna do it, he's gonna do it. The best CastieI can do is go out with pride.
Dean only half-listens as they talk. It's all the same stuff Sam said at the Roadhouse, and while Dean is just as happy for him now as he was the day before, he is, admittedly, much less interested. He's just glad Sam was happy.
Castiel's eyebrows shoot up. "Jack, I'm gonna have to make you an entire identity before then. That's gonna take
When he was younger, Castiel had always dreamed of being able to afford a place all to himself. Now that it's a reality, he realizes it's a lot more lonely than 12-year-old Cas had expected. Maybe he should get a pet to greet him every evening. He could get a cat. Cats are pretty low-maintenance, right? Or a guinea pig, even. Guinea pigs are cute, too.
Though he supposes he doesn’t have to decide now. You know what they say: never do today what you can put off until tomorrow. (It’s him: he’s the “they” that says it.) He pulls the note out and gently places it on his bedside table. He can decide tomorrow.
"I know." He can get away with a lot, and he's grateful for that. "Have you seen her? I want to know if she's in a good mood or if I should be mentally preparing myself."
"Because I knew I could trust him," Jack says. "Partially because he's family and partially because he's
, but he doesn't have to say it. He'd rather no one else find out he lied to the Chief of Police herself to save Dean's ass.
"I think so," Patience says. She slowly rises to her feet, her hands held outwards just a little for balance. She squeezes her eyes shut for a few seconds.
If Castiel had been holding back tears earlier, that’s nothing compared to how he feels now. It’s his brothers. It’s
"I would gladly help anyone out of the Hunters that wants my help," CastieI says. "I'd like to think my job is to help people in any way I can." The Supreme Court would disagree — supposedly he has no obligation to protect and serve — but the Supreme Court is a bunch of jackasses, anyway. He'll make his own job description, thank you
Dean fishes out his wallet from his back pocket, and Castiel cocks his head to the side. What the fuck is he doing? Dean fishes out a 100-dollar bill and hands it to his brother. "People
Castiel glances at Gordon. If he stays here any longer, Gordon is going to realize it. He’s not going to let Castiel -- a homicide detective who has handled a plethora of missing persons cases in his time -- walk out of here knowing there’s a girl being held against her will. He wants to tell her that they’ll be back for her, but he knows he can't.
Eventually, he starts to realize that his answer probably isn't coming. He picks his head up off Dean's shoulder and looks at him, but Dean doesn't meet his eye. He's staring at his hands that he's clasped in his lap. For the first time since they reconnected a few weeks ago — possibly for the first time
Charlie nods slowly. “Okay, that’s fair.” She drums her fingers on the steering wheel. “If they take the Hunters down, are you going to…?”
Castiel heads back to meet with the people watching the "interrogation." It's just Jody and the two agents on the case — Ryan and Esposito — sitting back there, and the first thing he hears is a confused, "You have a nephew?" from Ryan, because
"He asked if he could," Castiel says. It's probably best that Lucifer knows it was his son's idea, not his brother's. "He didn't want you to know — and he
"Look, I'll show you," Dean says. He grabs his jeans off the bed and sticks a hand in the pocket. When that doesn't turn anything up, he tries the other side, this time with much greater success. He holds his hand out to Castiel to reveal three rings: two plain silver bands and one gold ring with a diamond. There's really nothing remarkable about any of them, so to say Castiel is confused would be an understatement. "See? That's all I took."
Castiel rolls his eyes. "Thanks, Dean. That clears up a lot." He walks over to his bed and pulls Dean's clothes out with his foot. He's seen Dean naked enough that it doesn't really phase him, but he's going to need to put something on before he leaves.
"I know," Dean says for what feels like the millionth time over the last two days. "He's busy; got other stuff to do. I get it." Under his breath, he mutters a quiet, "Doesn't mean he couldn't come by and say 'hi,' though."
Castiel leans down so his lips are almost touching the other man's ear. He'd rather the cops know he has an unspecified secret than know the details. "He's at my place."
weird, but I'm actually doing a wellness check? Someone thought they saw someone covered in blood come here — stupid, I know. I guess they got the wrong apartment, huh?"
swollen ankle. The fact that he’s standing on it at all is a wonder in and of itself; he’s surprised he hasn’t just
Castiel bites back a smile. He may not like Benny, but he can’t deny that the bickering that comes with his presence is usually pretty entertaining.
Castiel tries to catch Dean’s eye as he walks by, but Dean barely gives him a glance. Okay, so maybe Dean
, he's already admit he knows them. If it's "not Dean," who the hell is he supposed to say it is? "It's…"
“I’m gonna miss the hell out of you,” Charlie says, “but honestly, the more I think about it, the more I agree. You gotta get this kid somewhere safe.”
“How long have you been here?” Dean asks. How soon after Dean’s death did Cas decide to bring Benny up here? He has to imagine it was for him; he and Benny may have started warming up to each other over time, but they were far from friends.
“”Vampirate’?” Benny finishes for him, a small smirk on his lips. He opens his mouth, baring his fangs for just a few seconds before tucking them away. “The first half, at least.”
Jack shakes his head. "We were just at the mall. The fro-yo shop always has free samples and they're so much more satisfying than the actual-size cups. It was all my idea — go in through the mall employee entrance, grab a couple samples, and head out the way we came.
covering for the Hunters, and it’s not like he can steal bulletproof vests whenever he wants to do something that could be dangerous -- but it sounds like a believable lie to him. If the old man asks for specifics, Castiel can just shoot him down and it will just look like he’s being his usual bitchy self around the Vamps.
"C'mon, admit it, you'd kill them if you had the chance, too," Dean says. "I mean, after what they did to Jack…"
Gordon hops out of the window, landing gently on his feet without so much as a grimace of pain. How he manages to stay so spry in his older years, Castiel will never understand. He gestures with his rifle for the two to follow him, and after sharing a look, they do.
So, with very low expectations for the night, CastieI heads inside. Jack is, as always, sitting on the couch. After finishing pretty much every piece of
Admittedly, that's really downplaying their relationship. Dean was everything he could have asked for at the time. He was family. He was
much easier to get a ride with Charlie like he was supposed to, but he has to admit, it was nice to have the time to cool off. Seeing Dean again really put him on edge, and he took it out on both Charlie and Jody. He'll deal with the latter at work tomorrow, but he should probably call his partner now to apologize. He owes her that much.
Dean freezes. How did he know that? Does he know something that Dean doesn’t? Better yet, did he see Cas, too? Was Dean right? Was he really here?
“He fired off a couple shots at the ceiling and threatened to shoot everyone there if the cashier didn’t give him all the money in the register. The cashier -- Sarah -- she’d only been here a couple weeks and she was absolutely terrified, so I started to run over there. I was just gonna give him the money. What a thousand dollars to a multi-billion dollar corporation, right? As long as no one got hurt, it would be worth it. And then some guy at one of the self-checkouts pulled out a gun and just freakin’ shot him.”
"I know," Castiel says. "But it's the only get-out-of-jail-free card Dean's got, and hopefully it'll get the Vamps
With that, he heads out to see what everyone else is up to. In the time it took for Castiel to get suited up, bulletproof vest included, Dean did the same, and he's now leaning against the wall and talking to his brother. At least
Dean clicks his tongue. "Sorry, sweetheart, but we’re kinda in the middle of something. Can’t back out now." He holds a hand out. "Phone?"
"I think he's right," Jack says. "I was born a Hunter. My parents were both off the grid, so they didn't exactly try to get me a birth certificate or anything. As far as the government is concerned, I just don't exist."
"Like your hand is any better," Castiel says sarcastically. "You're so obviously bluffing, it's not even funny." He's not sure how he knows, but looking at him, he can just
He’d like to think Dean wouldn’t do that, but he can’t know for sure. The guy could be facing a lot of prison time, depending on what the cops can prove. Implicating others might be the only get-out-of-jail-free card he’ll get.
"It sure as fuck is," they say. "Hang on, I'm gonna summon her." They pull out their phone and plug it into the seldom-used iPhone jack. It takes a few moments for them to find the song, and another few moments for his uncultured ass to figure out what it is.
"Or how about," Mick says in that British accent that Castiel really likes for no discernable reason, "you let Castiel choose where he wants to sit?"
“Damn.” She glances back at the boy. “I can’t even imagine the shit he’s had to deal with, growing up with the Hunters. The fact that he still seems so nice…”
He puts a hand down next to him on the mattress. It still feels a little warm. Maybe Dean just got up to use the bathroom. Or maybe he's raiding the kitchen; that's a very Dean thing to do.
Dean just nods once because he has absolutely no idea how else to respond. He helped kill her just a few years ago. That’s probably not an easy thing for their relationship -- or lack thereof -- to recover from. He watches her walk away, waiting until she’s presumably out of earshot before turning back to his friend.
But then Dean turns his attention to Charlie, and Castiel immediately regrets that. He would have given Dean all the satisfaction in the world if it would have kept his attention away from his partner. Charlie didn’t ask to be dragged into this.
"When he finally does come around," Mary says, "you should send him over here. Jack, too, if you see him."
"Right, of course," she says sarcastically. "That's — that's great." She takes a deep breath before speaking again. "Do I even need to tell you that I'm taking you off this case, or is that a given?"
Castiel just rolls his eyes. He's such a pain in the ass. Usually it's funny, but he can't say as much when work is involved.
"Cas, come on," Dean says. "I'm sure you're telling the truth. I'm sure he's fine. But he's also my responsibility, and I want to see him for myself."
There are no new cases to work on, so Castiel and Charlie sit at their desks, dotting the i's and crossing the t's of some old cases. They've yet to find a break in a case, but that hasn't stopped them from making calls and sending emails in a lame attempt to accomplish something.
"Hey Jack," he says, "if I tell you a story, do you promise not to tell Dean that I told you?" It seems only fair, given that Castiel made the same promise for him.  The difference is that Jack is afraid that Dean would be disappointed if word got out; CastieI is half-convinced he'd end up with a bullet through the head.
Castiel throws a hand over her mouth, looking around to make sure no one is staring (they are). "Charlie, no screaming in the
“Ah, well, they are definitely there,” Benny says. “Now, I don’t know about you, but I got some questions for him.”
It has officially gotten so late that it's now early: it's nearly four in the morning and Jack is sleeping soundly on the couch. CastieI had been hesitant to let him, but he's (mostly) done bleeding and seemed to be doing okay, and it felt kind of rude to force him to stay up.
"Isn't it?" Dean repeats, quieter this time. He brushes his thumb against Castiel's cheekbone, and he shudders. "You know, I have nowhere to be for at least a few hours."
"And he's been with you the whole goddamn time?" Dean demands. His grip on Castiel's arms tightens. "
"Yes, it matters!" they say loudly, and Castiel grimaces. Hopefully Randy didn't hear that. "You just lied to the
“But she eats an ungodly amount of sugar,” Sean says, looking over Dean’s shoulder at her and his son.
"Dammit," Dean mutters. He runs a hand down his face. "He's been gone half the day and I can't find him anywhere."
“No, I don’t,” John replies. “Well, not much. I thought it was just a dream at the time; the details have faded over the years. I didn't even know it ever happened until your mother told me a year or so ago."
Castiel got shot?), and everything is a blur from there. A lot of handcuffs are used; a lot of Miranda rights are read. He doesn't care. He just needs to hold on until someone takes the old man away.
time. This might be the most fun he’s had since he died -- not neccesarily because he gets to relax and watch TV but because he gets to do it with Charlie for the first time in years -- but he can’t help but think about how much more fun it would be with Cas.
CastieI just clenches his jaw walks away, leaving Charlie in the dust without so much as a second glance. This was
"Yeah, 'course I am," Dean says. He drops his hand and looks up at his brother with a sigh. "I just — I don't want to mess this up, you know? What if it only went so well last time because we
“What?” Dean asks cautiously. “What’s going on? What aren’t you telling me?” He waits for Jack to answer, but it’s Cas who does.
“When we get home, I’m going to tell you all about him,” Dean says. “And no, you don’t have a choice.”
Castiel turns around to look at him. He’s standing in the door with a hand in his pocket. He pulls out Castiel's phone and tosses it to him. For a throw with his left hand, it's surprisingly well-aimed, and Castiel grabs it with ease.
"Huh." Jack inspects his forearm for a moment. "Do you think that's why I feel lightheaded? 'Cause I'm, like, dehydrated or something?"
"Bradbury." Jody gestures for Charlie to come with her, then walks away, not even checking to make sure she followed.
He pulls the paper out with a sigh and sits up. He fiddles with it nervously, trying to make a decision. It really shouldn’t be this hard. He only has the two choices: he could read it or he could get rid of it. Why is he struggling so much to make up his mind?
The rest of the walk to the car is silent. Castiel appreciates that. He’s a little too shaken up right now to hold a real conversation. What the
and there's nothing Dean could do about it. Sure, there's a gun on his waist, but he could only pull it out so fast, right? He could…
Castiel grabs his forearm and pulls him close, gripping the old man’s arm so tightly that his fingers start to hurt. He whips his handcuffs out and slaps one on each of the man’s wrists. In a desperate attempt not only to stop the old man from squirming away but also to provide the leverage he very much needs if he doesn’t want to get shot, he pulls the old man against him and wraps an arm around him in what he’s sure almost looks like a half-hug.
"That's what I'm here for," Castiel replies. He'd like to think Dean knows that's not true in the slightest, but he's doing a pretty good job pretending he doesn't. "You make your phone call yet?" He'd be interested to hear who it went to.
"Not gonna lie, I don't really get what you see in him," Charlie tells him. "He's loyal, though, I'll give you that. I can tell he really cares about the Hunters."
"Huh." Charlie looks over his shoulder. "Oh, hey, Sam's here!" She waves at him, and Dean doesn't bother to check if Sam waves back. "I'll leave you two to it, but when you get the chance, you should totally come by and visit."
come to the (mostly) right conclusion so he doesn't mention it. "Remember when I told you that when I left, it was because someone else wanted to leave, too?"
Finally, Castiel settles on, "Did you hear about the shooting at Target yesterday? It's all over the news here. They have a picture of the guy's face but I can't think of his name for the life of me. Maybe you can help."
Dean is the dealer, so he puts out another card and everyone places their bets. Then he puts the last card down, and it's time for the final bets.
thought… But it was never going to happen. He supposes he should have known that from the beginning. But he couldn't help but think — but
"Um…" Castiel purses his lips. He's not sure he likes the sound of this, but he can't exactly say "no," so he reluctantly says, "I guess so."
, Castiel wants to tell him. Everyone can always talk to Dean. He's practically the Hunters' therapist but without the soul-searching advice. But this isn't the same gang he left all those years ago. It was easy when it was just a bunch of lost kids. Leadership roles aside, everyone was equal. Castiel has no idea how things may have changed now that Dean is old enough to be some of these kids' dad. Maybe Jack has a valid reason not to want to talk to him.
he signed his agreement; anything illegal he's done today is fair game if Jody wants to charge him with it.
"You know," Dean says, "if you don't have a plane to catch or whatever, you could stick around for a little bit. It's poker night tonight, and I'm sure there are a few people around who'd be happy to see you again."
, but this is such an unprecedented turn of events that he had no idea what to do. Without really thinking about it because he sure as hell doesn't have enough time to do that, he just flips the guy off and turns his attention back to his work. There are a few quiet laughs, most notably from Dean, and then things go back to normal.
Dean punches his shoulder, and Castiel bites back a laugh. And least he and Sam are on the same page, even if Dean’s not.
He’d hoped he was being subtle; it appears he was wrong. The old man cocks an eyebrow. “Anxious to leave, are we?”
“Jack and I are still working through how to make that possible,” Cas says. “But there are too many variables, too many unknowns to just do it. Right now, we’re still in the experimental phase.”
Dean shrugs. "You have a habit of stealing my people away from me. Wanted to make sure it wasn't happening again." He says it dismissively, but Castiel can tell he still harbors a grudge over it. Castiel can't blame him.
"Now, I was thinking…" Dean lets his fingers crawl across Castiel's chest. He plays it off like an absentminded movement, but he knows exactly what he's doing. "They're not going to trust you anymore. Everything's gonna change for you now that people know where you come from. So what if…" Dean's fingers make their way to Castiel's face, and he gently tugs at his lip. "What if you came back to the fold, hmm? We could use someone with your… experiences."
"Because if they knew they had a picture of you, they'd never stop looking for you," Castiel says. "At least if they think you're just an ordinary Hunter, they'll give up in a few weeks and move on."
get it because you haven't really told me anything, but I get it. You're just trying to do what you have to to keep your friend safe."
sure,” Nathan says. “I asked him to stay ‘til the cops showed up, told him that he probably wouldn’t get in trouble and that I’d even pay for his stuff for him as a thank you. It was the least I could do, you know? And I
Castiel rolls his eyes. "Go." He jumps to his feet and tugs on Dean's arm. "There. Now." He nods towards the closet with his head.
Castiel reaches into the bottom pockets of his trenchcoat. Nothing there. He slips his hands into his pants pockets, and his right hand clasps around a little piece of metal. He pulls it out and looks at it. It's a nice paperclip. It's a good thing he has a million more.
A week passes and Cas still hasn't come by. Every time Dean brings it up — usually to Sam but occasionally to others as well — he's hit with the reminder that they haven't seen Jack either. He thinks it's supposed to be reassuring, but the fact that Cas and Jack are likely out there changing the world doesn't do much to quell his disappointment about Cas's continued absence.
"He just got a weird email," Castiel says. "He wondered if it was connected to the Hunters somehow. It didn't seem to be." At least the part about him getting an email was true, right? So it’s only a half-lie.
You can probably guess based on this fun little ice cream date that Charlie doesn't end up dropping him off until late. They were having way too much fun to go home sooner, so the sun is almost setting by the time Charlie drops him off. CastieI waves her off before heading to his apartment.
Dean hesitates, but ultimately, he decides not to fight it. He slips his clothes on, and Castiel watches, silent. Saying goodbye is the hardest part. He knew it would be from the moment he saw Dean sitting on his couch. It doesn't make it any easier.
When that conversation winds down, Mary turns her attention to Dean, probably to split up the attention. "What ever happened with Jack?"
Dean that he can't go. At least then he wouldn't just be blowing the guy off. Dean would (probably?) understand if he knew. It's not like Castiel can just text him and explain, though. He has absolutely no idea how to reach him. He doesn't have a phone number, an email, even an address…
Dean takes that as a cue to continue. "We should go see if that girl is still here. You know, the…" He gestures vaguely. “The girl.”
fan on the planet, but he's not ashamed to admit that he can't wait to get to that movie. It's getting late and they're only on
“Maybe this weekend,” Castiel says. If today goes well, they’ll deserve a celebratory dinner anyway.
to see him. It's been too damn long, and right now Cas is the only piece of the puzzle he needs to finally feel at peace here.
"Dean started the thing so he was determined to keep everyone in line. But, I mean, with so many mouths to feed, it was only a matter of time before we
Castiel turns his attention back to Patience. He takes a few steps towards her and kneels down so they're closer to eye level. "Is there anything I can do for you?"
"Then maybe it's not supposed to stick," Dean says. "Maybe we're supposed to be together. Did you ever think of that?"
Where is he supposed to start? He's already seen Bobby; he's obviously already seen Sam. Who should he visit next? Should he go back to the Roadhouse? Maybe he'll find Ellen, Jo, and Ash waiting for him. It's been so long since he's seen them and there's so much he has to tell them.
, but only because I — look, you get the point. I didn’t get to talk to them. They don’t know where I am."
Jody raises an eyebrow, but it’s not until Cheryl closes the door behind herself that she speaks. “What is it?”
He and Jody head back to the interrogation room, where Dean is back to sitting calmly at the table with his hands clasped in front of him. This time, he doesn't smile when Castiel steps inside. Hell, he barely gives the man a glance. His attention is focused on Jody instead
Castiel shrugs. "Yeah, sure, I can drop you off." Or, in a perfect world, Charlie can drop him off and Castiel won't have to drive. He hopes that's where her conversation with Jody is heading right now.
"You know, I'm not sure that's much better," she remarks. “But if you’re sure you know what you’re doing, I’m willing to let you go through with it.” With a small smile, she adds, “Just try not to get shot, will you? It’ll be a lot of paperwork.”
Dean cuts him off with a kiss, just long enough to make him stop talking. "Just this once," he murmurs. "For old time's sake."
CastieI tries not to think about the fact that Dean could hear that. "I'll see how I'm feeling tomorrow, but right now, I think I just want to focus on work." With a halfhearted smile, he adds, "Sucks for the dead people, but at least I get a distraction out of it, right?"
Dean smiles at that, but the second his back is turned, his face falls. He can't believe it's taken him so long to realize that he's never told Cas that he loves him. How many times has Cas said it? And Dean's never said it back?
Jack runs the towel under the faucet and gently wipes it against his arm. "I feel like a shower would be so much more productive but
. He's decently sure Dean never actually considered shooting him, so at least he has that going for him. "But he was honestly a pretty decent boyfriend. A little rough around the edges, but decent nonetheless."
Castiel lets out a long breath. Well, that’s a loaded question. "I guess just that the opportunity presented itself." It's true to a point, though there was much more to it than that.
"I can get most of the Vamps together," Dean says, "but if they see you guys sniffing around, they're gonna scatter like rats."
Castiel shakes his head. “He does want to leave," he says. "I don't think he'd tell you if you didn't ask, but he does. The Vamps scare the shit out of him. As long as they're here, he's never going to feel safe." And he’d never admit it, either, which is the worst part. At least when Castiel decided to leave, he could admit it aloud because Sam was in the same boat. If Castiel’s not around, Jack doesn’t have any kind of support system like that.
Admittedly, he doesn't actually listen to most of what Charlie says. He catches a few words here and there, but for the most part, he's lost in his own head.
"Not anymore," Benny says. Noting Dean's confused look, he adds, "I know, it’s weird. I would’ve asked Castiel about it but he never came back. Haven’t seen him since.”
"I figured it out a long time ago," Castiel tells her. "It's not my fault red is such a pretty color."
Charlie closes her eyes, takes a deep breath, and opens them again. "So you're telling me that you once dated
"It sure was," Castiel says. He slides his cards across the table to him. "That was a lot of fun. I'm glad I stuck around."
Dean drops his gaze to the table, fidgeting with his hands in his lab. He could explain that Death was on their ass and he could explain the deal with the Empty, but he's not sure he could explain how they relate. He's not sure he
Jack's eyes flicker open and he starts to sit up, but as soon as he makes the mistake of moving his foot, he lies back down. He turns his head to look at CastieI and gives him a small, tired smile. "'Morning."
"Thanks," Jack says, and the corners of his lips turn up for the briefest moment. "But this isn't a case of misplaced blame or anything. It really
Castiel pulls out his gun and aims it at him, making a show of turning the safety off. “But your honor, I felt threatened by this known criminal. I felt I had no choice but to shoot him. It was merely self-defense.”
Sam is at Castiel's desk and Charlie is at theirs, close enough together that they could be talking but not so close that it looks awkward that they're not.
not to read it," Castiel says. He reaches over Dean to grab the note, and he holds it in his palm. "I'm just gonna throw it out."
"But he'll start asking questions," Jack says, "and I really don't want to get him involved. Not yet, at least."
Dean steps inside and looks around. It's a small house, fairly mundane in appearance. When Dorothy leads them to the living room, Dean can definitely see that Charlie's made her mark on the place. There are shelves of Funko Pops against the wall, and though Dean admittedly can't name them all, the ones he does recognize are as nerdy as he'd expect from the redhead.
Castiel knows it was a good idea to call things off between him and Dean. It was obvious that it was never going to work out: they’re in two different worlds and they don’t mesh. The only chance they
He's not even sure Dean's mood matters. Whether he's playful or hostile about it, there's still a chance he'll say something incriminating about one (or both) of them. Unless he makes the most of his right to remain silent, there's a decent chance this won't end well (at least for Castiel's emotional wellbeing).
Dean's demeanor shifts immediately, a much more serious air surrounding him. He doesn’t answer at first, and when he finally does, all he says is, "I took care of it."
“That you love me?” Dean finishes for him. “Cas…” He takes a step towards the angel, resting a hand on his shoulder. “I’m glad you told me. I’m not… I don’t know, I’m not mad? I’m not uncomfortable? Whatever you’re afraid that I would be, I’m not.”
"Would that be such a bad thing?" Dean asks. "You could see your brothers again. You could watch your nephew grow up. You could be with
right to call him your nephew after you abandoned him, and you sure as hell don't have the right to take him from us."
Dean hesitates, but he has to admit, Sam does have a point. They have all of eternity here. What’s a few hours without Cas when compared to the rest of eternity?
He feels a little better after that. At least now Dean knows why he won't show up. He'd like to think that means he won't retaliate because of it.
Benny looks over his shoulder, and Dean prepares himself for the inevitable “There’s nothing there” that he’s received far too many times for his comfort. That’s why he’s so surprised to hear his friend ask, “What are they
Charlie sighs dramatically. "God, you're so stupid," she mutters. "I'm trying to say that I'm not a woman; I'm nonbinary."
"He means he can get you the Vamps," Castiel says. How much more specific does he need to get? "You want something more out of him, you'll probably have to ask him yourself."
Castiel cocks his head to the side. "'Huh' what?" That could mean so many different things and he's not sure how to feel about it.
see Jack, but put a spin on it that gets him off the hook. He'd be implicating himself in this, but hopefully in a way that puts an end to it. He'd like to think it's less likely he'd get caught in a lie doing the latter, but it's going take a much bigger lie than "It wasn't me.
has immunity to anything he's done in the past, but that doesn't mean he should flaunt his past crimes — or, in this case, a crime he didn't even commit — to the cops.
.” He drops his arm from Castiel’s shoulders. “I didn’t come here to talk about my boyfriend, anyway -- although I do love to do it.” He gives Castiel a flirtatious smile, then turns his attention back to Gordon. “Where’s your daddy? We need to have a word.”
“Benny, buddy,” Dean says, stepping away to look at him. He certainly seems to be all in one peace, head attached and all. “How the hell…?”
Dean had never thought to do this before, but in the moment, it just feels natural. He presses their lips together. Clearly taken aback, it takes Cas a few seconds to kiss him back, and when he does, it’s like
," CastieI corrects them. "That doesn't mean she's not going to bring it up later, though. She might just want to get this whole Vamp thing out of the way."
"He's Cas," Lucifer says with a shrug. "If anyone's gonna know when Dean's bullshitting us, it'll be the guy who's seen him, like, three times in the last 13 years." Though the words are sarcastic, he says them genuinely. Castiel can't help but wonder if his faith is misplaced. It
The two chat for a few minutes while they wait for the line to move. They could probably take the time to discuss the case, but it's more fun to just talk about life. They have the rest of the day to talk about work. Right now, they want to talk about Charlie's new cat, Bubbles, who is apparently a pain in the fucking ass.
"Oh, I don't know," CastieI says. He lived there for years, and off the top of his head, he ca’t think of a single thing to say about it. It was just a place. What more is there to it? "It's… well, it's nicer than here. I can promise you that much, at least."
accept this chocolate as a thank you,’ and then he just walked away.” He adds, more apologetically, “I didn’t think to follow him. I was too worried about Sarah to think straight. I have no idea where he went.”
"Ah, hell yeah," Gabriel whispers, and the first thing Castiel sees when he steps into the apartment is his brother pumping his fist.
"Oh, yeah, I totally forgot Dean said he was gonna check with you," Lucifer says, followed immediately by a quick, "Wait, are you calling about Jack?"
him." The first part is, admittedly, just to (hopefully) get Jody off his back, but he does mean the second part. That was not kidnapping. In no way was that fucking kidnapping.
Charlie makes a face at that last part — it's hard to appreciate lawyers when they seemingly exist only to help the criminals they track down walk free — but otherwise, they seem pretty understanding. "So
"It goes for all of them," Jack says. "You know that. I mean, if you weren't a cop, I'm sure you’d kill them, too."
Castiel snorts. “Oh, I’m sure.” The old man can play as dumb as he wants, but Castiel is sure he knew that his men attacked a Hunter, and he’s sure the old man didn’t give a damn about anything but the possible consequences. Castiel holds out a hand. “‘Til next time.”
Dean is less than thrilled at the question, and he responds with a sarcastic, “No, I’m just walking around here for the fun of it.”
But he was so casual about it. His flippant "come or not; I don't care" attitude almost makes it sound like he'd be doing Castiel a favor if he came, not the other way around. It's intriguing in the worst way and he can't help but wonder…
They lapse into a comfortable silence. Castiel doesn't think anything of it. Why would he? Morning drives are usually fairly quiet; they're both half-asleep and they don't have the events of the day to discuss.
He uses his phone flashlight to guide himself up the rickety old stairs. Floor three, right where Dean wanted to meet. Castiel pulls out the envelope and looks around for a good place to put it. The wall by the stairs is probably good enough, right? He rips off a strip of duct tape off the roll and tapes the letter up.
," Charlie repeats skeptically. "He threatened to shoot you at the bank, and now he wants to be your friend?"
“Mm…” Castiel hums. He looks up at Dean, who seems jokingly reluctant to agree. They exchange a series of facial expressions that really don’t mean anything except that they’re having fun (which is something he really didn’t expect to happen today), and finally, Castiel says, “Yeah, sure.”
Lucifer furrows his brows. "I'm no lawyer, but I'm pretty sure 'innocent until proven guilty' still extends to… well, whatever the fuck Dean's in trouble for. I'm sure there's a long list."
When Dean speaks next, it’s entirely of his own volition. They’re nearing the agreed-upon spot to drop the two men off, and in their last minute or two in the car, Dean asks, “Hey, redhead, if we get shot or whatever, you’re the one telling Jack, right?”
Castiel puts the roll of duct tape and the three envelopes in his left hand so he can hold his gun in his right. He keeps it down by his side and he climbs the rest of the stairs. He doesn’t want to come off as a threat, but he doesn’t want to walk into this unarmed, either. He finishes climbing the stairs and…
It's been a while since he's taken time to admire all that nature has to offer. Admittedly, much of the blame rests on his time in Purgatory, but he's realizing now that his year of fighting like hell to survive didn't make the natural world any less beautiful; it just stopped him from noticing.
Castiel doesn't know any of the lyrics, but he will admit that seeing Charlie living their best life brightens his day. He doesn't even care who's in that limo. He knows for a fact that they aren't as cool as Charlie (unless it
Castiel shrugs. "I kinda over-exaggerated how likely it was that the Vamps would let us talk,” he says. “
Dean doesn’t wait for him to finish, instead darting away from the house and down to the street. He’s careful not the make the same mistake he made twice before; he watches Cas the whole way. The closer he gets, the more certain he is that it
"No, really, help me understand." Dean reaches over and wipes a tear from the other man's eye. "What do you have here that I wasn't giving you?"
Castiel throws his head back as though this was an exasperatingly stupid question. "You know there are other Hunters besides Dean and Jack, right? Like, not everything is going to be Dean." Granted, this time it
Charlie moves aside so the young girl and the two men can all see each other clearly. The girl is still seated, though now seemingly of her own free will. The restraints that had held her limbs down are gone, though the marks they left on her dark skin remain. In Charlie's hand is a towel stained in dirt and blood, and it appears it be the one that had been used as a gag. Now, it's serving its real purpose: cleaning.
"And the rest of the Hunters?" they ask. "Are you still hanging out with them? Do I even want to know that answer?"
Admittedly, it's probably not Heaven's fault. He has a nice bed in a quiet house, and it's arguably even more comfortable than his room at the bunker was. This is about as much of a favor Heaven could offer short of a button specifically for the task.
“You can do that now, if you would like,” the old man says politely. “We will leave your boy alone. I presume that’s all you came for. While it has been
Jody looks between the two of them skeptically, but she ultimately seems to believe it. "If there's anything else I should know —
They sit around the table together, food in hand, and Dean is reminded once again of their last dinner, if only because this one is so much nicer. There's no existential dread overshadowing their every move. They can just
"I've been doing a lot of thinking lately," Dean continues. "And I don't think I've given you enough credit. You've always been there for me. You have, and I'm starting to realize that I haven't always returned the favor and I'm so, so sorry. I can't fix the past, but I can promise to do better if you let me. I mean, Cas, man, you're family. Of course you're family, and if I've never told you before, I'm telling you now: I love you for it. I love you for that and for so much more.
Castiel nods. "He was looking for Jack and the guys on the Target case — I'm assuming you know about Target?"
," she says, "but then I'd have to go at it alone and I don't really feel like picking up dead-you's slack."
"Facts and logic will not stop me from making fun of you, thank you very much," Dean says. "But for real, you ready to go?"
sketchy part of town and he’s not taking any chances. He’s wary enough just leaving his car here. He doesn’t want to make it more of a target.
"Glad to hear it," Randy says. "I'll let you get back to whatever you were doing. Sorry about this.".
“Hmm…” Ben looks down at the display for a few moments, then back up at Charlie and Castiel. “What type of thing are you looking for? Chocolate? Frosting? Cupcakes, muffins, pies…?”
"Bringing him to the hospital would cause a whole slew of problems," CastieI says. "A minor with no identification whose name is in no system anywhere walking into a hospital looking like
Dean looks at him like he’s crazy, and Castiel makes a point of ignoring that. He knows what he’s doing. Granted, it won’t prove Dean wrong -- it
Castiel gives him a small, sympathetic smile. He doesn't want to drag Jack into his fight, even if it
cliche, even for his taste. Charlie tries to talk to him a few times, but, as he’s done all day, he doesn’t give them much of a response.
"And if we couldn't?" Dean asks. "I know I'm mad at you, but I'm not mad enough to gamble with your life."
With Cas’s gaze still on him, still studying him so intently, it’s hard for Dean to form a coherent sentence. The best he can muster is, “I don’t -- I don’t know.”
. I mean…" He scoffs. "Cas, buddy, you're my best friend. If I fucked up somewhere, I want to know how. I want to fix it. I want to have you back in my life — or, you know, as much of a life as I have now that I'm dead. I'll even settle for a two-minute conversation, an explanation for why you seem to be avoiding me. Just talk to me. Please."
"Well, those are your options," Jody says. "I'm sure as hell not letting you go alone, so you either take one of my guys or you can hang out in prison for a week or two until trial."
"It's about… a lot of things…" Castiel frowns. Where does he even start? And how does he start without pissing Lucifer off too much at once?
"Mm-hmm," Sam hums, clearly unconvinced -- which makes sense, because it’s not like Dean has been very convincing.
"I know," Dean says, and it's true. Cas has always seemed to like watching Dean eat his beloved pie. Dean can still picture that little smile he would always wear, showing both his adoration and his amusement. "I'm just not feeling it today. I'll see you later, though, okay? Don't have too much fun without me."
It's not Charlie in the doorway, though Dean has no doubt anymore that this is the right house. It takes Dean a second to figure out where he's seen the woman in the doorway before — he blames that on the fact that her hair is down — but she's unmistakably Dorothy from Oz.
“I’m sure Bill Hickock thought the same thing,” Dean remarks. “‘Those who don’t know history’ and all that.”
The curtain in a nearby window moves, but as soon as Castiel looks at it, it moves back. After a pause, the door opens just a crack. “Who’re your shadows?”
calling about Jack, but when he hears the panic in his brother's voice, he decides that can't wait any longer. "Jack is fine, but that's really all I can tell you right now." He can't get into it all now. It's just too much.
"Well, that's stupid," Jack pouts. "There's no reason the human body should be this fragile. It's stupid."
"If I ignore her, she'll probably just walk right in," Castiel says. He gave her a key to his place years ago, which speaks volumes about their friendship.
of people — people who have filled a lot of different roles. Sometimes it was easy. He found Jack, for instance — the kid he never knew he wanted. He had Jody on standby whenever he needed her, the mom he hadn't had for most of his life. Then there was Charlie, who filled the role of his little sister like it was meant for her.
The Winchesters turn around to see Claire walking towards them, and seeing her load a bag with nothing but candy is the biggest 'proud father's moment Dean has ever felt.
"Then we don't have sex," Dean says. "That's okay with me. I just…" He gives the other man a small smile. "It's been a long time since I've been able to spend the night with someone I love — someone I
"She's been in full business mode," Charlie says apologetically. "But, I mean, you guys did what you promised and no one got — well,
The old man chuckles. “Yes, you’ve caught us at a bad time, I’m afraid. If I’d known you were visiting today, I would have cleaned up.”
Castiel puts his phone down and looks over at Charlie. He has a feeling they won't be leaving any time soon. She's going to want some answers first — a
A small smile grows on his lips. He feels bad — it must look like a strange reaction to Jack — but he can't help it. Jack has absolutely no idea how wrong he is.
"I think we could pull it off," CastieI says. They're both pretty good liars; he'd like to think that would make them good actors, too. They could probably fool the Vamps into thinking he’s still a Hunter, at least of the unofficial variety -- assuming he doesn’t get shot before he can get a word out.
Though it was obvious a joke, Castiel and Benny both respond with a very emphatic, "No!" after which Castiel adds, "No offense, Mick," as an afterthought.
Castiel glances around, and it takes him a minute to zero in on who called his name. There's a man standing at the front desk, presumably having been arguing with the secretary as people tend to do, but now his attention is on Castiel. He runs a hand though his shoulder-length brown hair, a relieved smile on his face.
have much on him -- that they can prove, anyway. It's not something he can celebrate in front of the chief, though, so instead, his only answer is, "I wouldn't even know what to say. Something tells me that asking for a list of his crimes isn't going to work."
The old man chuckles. “I will admit, I was surprised when I heard you became a cop. It’s comforting to see that you’re as friendly as ever -- though it doesn’t help me understand in the slightest.”
"I just wanna go home, man," Dean says. "It's been bad enough since Jack disappeared. I don't want everyone to think I have, too."
The “here” in question is a shoddy apartment complex, and it makes Castiel feel better about his own apartment. Dean mentioned that the Hunters have an apartment now. This must be what he was referring to. Dean hasn’t been very secretive about trying to keep Castiel away from the Hunters’ territory, and showing up at their apartment probably won’t go over well. It’s too late to do anything about it now; he might as well try to do some semblance of damage control.
Castiel scans his car briefly. No valuables in sight. That’s what he likes to hear. He steps out of the car, then looks inside again just in case he missed something. Again, there’s nothing. He locks the doors, then tries opening the driver’s side door just to make sure it worked. This is a
“What?” she says defensively. “It’s not like he didn’t deserve it. Jody said the dead dude’s the one that tried to rob the store, right? Fuck that bitch.”
He aims his gun at the girl, only a few inches from her head. Just as Nathan had said, he runs back into the frame and straight for the register, which is definitely for the best: Sarah is crying much too hard to do anything about this on her own. Castiel has to feel sorry for the girl. All she wanted to do was make some money.
Dean doesn’t seem to know what to do with that information. After a pause, he resorts back to his default mood over the last 24 hours: annoyed. "Well, I still want to go home, so can we hurry this up anyway?"
Apparently it didn't matter how prepared Charlie and Castiel were for their court case. The defense's lawyer is absolute
, Jack folded this so many times -- and puts it down in his lap. His eyes jump to the bottom of the letter first; it seems this side is from Gabriel.
Sam raises an eyebrow. "Wow, you're very charitable today." He folds the bill up and slips it in his pocket. "See you tonight." To Charlie, he adds an awkward and probably-not-sincere, "It was nice to meet you," and then he's gone.
Dean looks around, confused, but all he sees in the trees is his brother running towards him. As glad as he is to have his brother around, right now, he just wants to see Cas again.
"I don't know," Jack admits. "They didn't mention her, but if they know about me, they probably know about her."
he saw something out here, but there’s nothing tan out here -- nothing that could even be mistaken for tan. Something or someone was out here, and now it’s gone.
excuse as long as he doesn't flat-out admit it was Dean's. It shouldn't be this hard. "I found it in a drawer over the weekend, thought it looked cool."
"'Tis just a flesh wound," Dean says in an obnoxious British accent, and Castiel gives him a gentle shove.
"I'm not giving up my people," he snaps. "I know loyalty is a bit of a foreign concept to you, but for some of us, loyalty is
" If Dean wants to mouth off at the cops, power to him. He doesn't owe it to them to be on his best behavior.
With the three envelopes in one hand and a roll of duct tape in the other, he climbs the stairs in the darkness. At least there’s still a
He only hesitates for a moment, so briefly that he's sure no one notices, before he spits out the first story he can think of. "You've got the right place, but I think you wasted a visit. He's actually a… good friend of mine… who got in a bike accident." It's no secret around the station that Castiel likes guys, so Randy doubtlessly assumes he means a fuckbuddy, which is exactly what he was hoping for. "I'd let you talk to him, but he's passed out on my bed right now."
CastieI swallows hard and forces himself to meet her eye. He thought it was hard to talk to Dean, but that's nothing compared to facing the chief.
"Families are few and far between in that line of work," Bobby remarks. "I'm glad you both found yours."
Dean pushes him away by the shoulders — fortunately less harshly this time. "You're shitting me. I'm gonna kill them. I'm going to kill every single —"
“At this point, it’s out of my hands,” Castiel says. Odds are, they’ll either shoot him on sight (or within the first minute or two of talking to him, which is about the same thing), or he’ll make it out without a scratch. What he does doesn’t matter too much as long as the Vamps give him a chance.
"... a Hunter again and he turned it down every time," Jack is saying. "I don't think he's talked to any of us in months."
. CastieI knew this was his plan. He knew Dean was trying to convince him to come back — trying to convince him that he
CastieI shrugs apologetically. At least it seems Dean feels the same way; he'd rather be with the Hunters than with Castiel. He's known that all along. He'd held out hope for a short while, but he's long since given up.
the same thing," Castiel says. "In fact, I think shooting the guy standing right in front of her probably scarred her more than it would have if you'd just left things as they were." He can't really say he blames Dean for wanting to help, but that doesn't change the fact that he really
, you gotta tell me this one thing. Did you like them or not? Because I feel like this is something I should really know if we’re going to be fighting crime in a city populated by your ex-gang-members.”
Charlie crosses their arms. "Fine, be that way. I'm content in my knowledge that I'm enjoying my life more than you are." They pause. "You know, it would actually be hilarious if that
"It's great, actually," Castiel tells him, just a little bit defensive. "I get paid to hang out with my friend, and then I get to go home and watch TV or read a book or whatever."
"The kidnapped one," Castiel substitutes, because clearly words are not Dean’s forte. "Yeah, actually, that's probably a good idea. I don't know if anyone else…?" He'd like to think that someone would have stopped if they saw her, but he can't know that for certain. There’s also a chance no one noticed her at all. Castiel himself wouldn't have if Dean hadn't pointed her out.
Gordon leads them to what appears to be an abandoned neighborhood -- one Castiel didn’t even know existed. Some of the houses have broken windows; others have been spray painted all over. But there’s one house that looks to be in pristine condition, and Castiel knows immediately that this is the one they’re going to. Even when their leader was just a kid, he was all about fancy stuff. He would never live in some rundown shack.
mad enough to gamble with my life," CastieI says. After what they did to Alex and Jack, he would like nothing more than to watch each and every one of them escorted into the station in handcuffs. "Someone's gotta take care of the Vamps, and this is the best shot we've ever had."
Dean chuckles. "Oh, Cas. Always a flirt." He cups the man's cheek with his hand and presses a brief kiss to his lips. Castiel shudders, but he forces himself not to do anything more. Dean's just trying to get a reaction out of him.
Castiel glances in the mirror for Dean’s reaction, but he doesn’t even acknowledge that. He’d probably rather not listen to Charlie’s music, but he must not care too much; he doesn’t even make a face. Castiel gives his friend the go-ahead, and they awkwardly fiddle around with their phone, trying to plug it in without taking their eyes off the road for too long. Castiel takes it from them and plugs it in himself. iTunes is still open up her lock screen, so he just hits the play button.
It takes all his self-control not to respond with a very emphatic, "No!" Instead, all he says is, "I'm just gonna go back to sleep. I'll see you tomorrow."
Gordon knocks on the door, then takes a step back. Dean and Castiel step back as well, and Castiel nearly falls on his butt. He didn’t realize the stair ended right there. Fortunately, between his own recovery and Dean’s assistance, it’s barely a stumble. Dean gives him an amused look, and Castiel just ignores it.
careful what you say. They're a cop, and unlike me, they don't think kindly of Hunters. I don't want you to get in trouble just because you came to me for help."
“Dean.” Sam puts a hand on his shoulder. “He’ll be here. Just give him time. Who knows what else he’s got on his plate right now?”
“Of course,” the old man says. “I apologize for what happened to your boy -- your nephew, if what Gordon tells me is true.”
Was this Dean’s plan? He’s been somewhat subtle about wanting Castiel to come back to the fold, but it’s still so
to them. Dean’s not sure if that includes Sam -- it probably does -- but first, Dean wants to talk to him alone. They have a conversation to finish, and it’s one that Sam has no part in.
helping, just a little bit. At least he can lighten the mood where she's concerned, because Castiel sure as hell doesn't have the people skills for it.
God, this fucking kid. He shows up covered in blood and his first priority is to talk about pronouns? It would be frustrating if it wasn't so goddamn cute.
"Then it wasn't your fault," Castiel says. "You just wanted some fro-yo. You had no idea anything else was going to happen and there was nothing you could have done. Don't be too hard on yourself. It's hard enough to mourn a friend without feeling guilty about it."
Castiel rolls his eyes. “It’s a blessing in disguise, Gordon. Call it…” He clicks his tongue. “Manipulating the system.”
"And that's just gonna make it worse," Castiel says. "I'm gonna see if they sell crutches on Amazon — unless you want something else. A wheelchair, a knee scooter, whatever you think will work best."
, Cas," Dean says. "We have a good thing going — even better than it was when you left. We're raking in so much money from drug sales, we don't even need to steal anymore—"
Sam raises an eyebrow. "I don't know if I believe that, but you know what? You're not dead. I'll take it."
"We are!" Charlie says, beaming. "I don't even know how it happened. One minute I was reliving an old family Christmas, and the next we were both here."
independent, no matter how hard he tries to be. It's hard to carry things with crutches, for one; if he tries too hard to act like a fully-functioning human being, he's doubtlessly going to drop something.
Dean closes Castiel's hand around the note to stop him. "If you really wanted to throw it out, you would've done it by now."
. He knows weapons aren’t allowed on Target property, but god damn, that guy deserves a pat on the back for that.
Who else will he find here? Charlie? She's gotta be around here somewhere, and after how she went out — and the fact that it wasn't supposed to be her fight to begin with — Dean feels like he owes her an apology.  And, as nice as it was to see the other-dimension Charlie, it only served as a reminder of how much he missed his little sister.
After a few tense moments, Jack breaks in with a tentative, “But did you like seeing Benny again? We were trying our hand at bringing ‘monsters’ to Heaven and Cas said he thought you’d like to see Benny again, so I took him out of Purgatory and brought him here.”
Jody purses her lips, clearly annoyed at that. "You two just… stay here, okay? I'll deal with you in a minute." She gestures to the old man with her head. "I gotta get him out of here."
"Great," CastieI mutters. That opens up a whole new set of problems. If the Vamps use it and the cops trace it back to a Hunter, they'll be at the center of yet
day." He exits that movie and gets the first one set up (without moving — thank god for Disney Plus; changing DVDs is a lot of work). Maybe they can finish the first two before Charlie wakes up and their
“Do you want my phone number or my address or something in case you need to reach me?” he asks. “Not, like, every day, but if there’s an emergency or you have another day like today or…?”
Dean chuckles. "Alright, alright, I get it." He drops the man's wrist and reaches into his trench coat pocket, finding his cellphone with ease. He makes a show of studying it. "Not even the latest model." He shakes his head. "Cas, babe, what happened to you?"
"Or Elizabeth Olsen," they add. "It's probably Lizzie." They give a wistful sigh. "Love of my life."
This time when they lapse into silence, it's much less comfortable. Castiel drums his fingers on the steering wheel absentmindedly as he drives. Logically he knows it isn't filling the space, but at least it
he hasn't showered since he walked six miles because he was too busy fucking his ex, a known criminal, but he likes her explanation for it better.
"Of course I know that," Dean says with an amused smile. "But he's also the only lawyer I know, and I
a grocery store in that they can just walk in and take whatever they want whenever they want it, but it gives off the same vibes as a grocery store and it has pie, so Dean's not too concerned about the terminology.
"It's pretty fucked up that you're even allowed to go on a mission or whatever where there's this much of a chance that you're gonna die," Lucifer adds. "Like, you should not be actively planning for your own state-sponsored demise right now. You shouldn’t be
portrayed himself as the God people would come to expect; most of the time, he was just weird (and, especially in the last year, he was a dick, too).
“I guess,” Dean says reluctantly. Logically, he knows Sam is right. Cas can’t be everywhere at once; he’s probably just busy. They haven’t been dead very long, after all. Cas may not even know they’re here. He just hopes Cas shows up soon.
Charlie, meanwhile, completely ignores the whole "ordinary person" aspect of that and asks eagerly, "Who do you think it is?"
Everyone puts a chip in the middle of the table, then Dean deals out the next round. Castiel takes a look at his cards. A king and a jack of spades. That could be promising if the rest of the cards are in his favor.
"Then let me show you," Castiel says. He cups Dean's cheek in his hand. "I can help you get out. I've already had to figure it out; I can show you how." With a small smile, he adds, "You know, my apartment is big enough for two."
He runs back inside and grabs his holster, sliding his gun inside. He carefully covers it with his hoodie. It's probably best that no one see that he's armed. That's just asking for trouble.
"And you were absolutely right about that," Charlie says, not the least bit suspicious. Crisis averted. "Now c'mon, let's go do work and shit."
Castiel rolls his eyes. Well, that about sums it up: Dean's not going to spill anything and Jody knows it. He has a feeling she'll be at the door any minute now to thank him for giving it a try. He just has to keep the conversation going until then.
"Oh, thank god," they mutter. "I can't believe it took you this long to figure out, but better late than never."
"Oh, smart move," Lucifer says. "Is Sam gonna come all the way here for the trial? That sounds like a lot of work."
Castiel chuckles. "Well, that's what I'm here for now." He knows what Jack is feeling, at least in regards to wishing he had someone to talk to. CastieI was in the same boat when he was 16, and though he knew that he could always talk to his brothers, sometimes he just knew it wouldn't help. There
Castiel heads to the bathroom to get changed. He carefully folds his work clothes up and slips them into his duffel bag. He spends a little longer than he cares to admit looking in the mirror. He wishes he could say he’s admiring himself, but he's really just noting how much he's changed over the years. What looked good on him at 22 doesn't necessarily look the same at 36. He'd like to think he still passes as a Hunter, but he's not the same man he used to be, that's for sure.
"I didn't know you were coming up," Castiel tells him. "You know Dean doesn't have a trial, right? There's not much for you to do here."
Cas is just looking at Dean, his head tilted and his eyes squinted like he used to do all those years ago when he was trying to figure the boy out. Dean waits for him to say something --
He's just dropped his shirt back down when the bathroom door opens. He grabs his bulletproof vest and prepares to make a hasty exit before he's forced to socialize when he realizes it's only Dean. That's a type of socialization he can handle.
"Maybe not, but you need fluids," he says. He has a feeling the hospital would be pumping fluids intravenously, but this is the best he can do now. He just hopes that's the right thing to do.
"I wanted to apologize," Charlie says. "I don't like when we fight. It's weird. When you didn't pick up the phone, I figured you were asleep so I was just gonna leave some apology cupcakes on the table, but..." She shrugs awkwardly. “You’re not asleep. You’re here. As am I.”
Charlie elbows him in the ribs, which is probably a fair response. Sassing the police chief is never a good idea, but given the situation, this is probably the worst time to do it.
Jack pulls out a folded-up piece of paper and holds it out to him. "One side's from my dad and one side's from Uncle Gabe."
"Dean didn't say he's proud of you because he thinks that's how you should be acting and how you should be coping," Castiel says. "He said it because he's surprised that you are because he knows damn well that he wouldn't be doing as well as you're pretending you are. There's no shame in admitting that you're mourning. He'll understand."
"No, no, I know," Castiel assures him. "It was great while it lasted, but, I mean, I was 22, Dean. I was a whole ass adult and I was spending my days smoking weed and having sex. I knew there had to be something more for me out there, and I was never gonna get the chance to grow up until I found it."
"And probably do more to lower this city's crime rate than the cops ever have in the process," CastieI says. The Hunters are bigger and more well-known than the Vamps, but it's no secret to anyone who pays attention that the Vamps commit the more violent crimes. They kidnap and murder people just for kicks. There's been an unofficial truce between them and the Hunters that they won't just outright murder each other, but it might be time for Dean to call that off for the greater good.
Mary puts a hand on his back and he flinches involuntarily. She looks up at him, concerned. "Dean, honey, are you okay?"
Despite Castiel's insistence, Charlie pays for the entire purchase. "It's a gift," she kept saying, "and you don't pay for gifts." CastieI leaves ten dollars in the tip jar anyway. It's the least he could do.
"Oh, hell no," Gabriel says immediately. "If Dean's gonna steal anyone's spot, it's gonna be yours."
get dangerously close to falling asleep at work, but he makes it through the day without any mental breakdowns, so he supposes it could be worse. Finally, it's time to head home, where he can take a nice, long nap.
"Doesn't matter," Dean replies. "I have my crew and they know that. Doesn't matter how well your cop thinks he passes for a Hunter; if he's not one of my guys, they won't buy it."
"I saw you today. In the woods — I saw you. I think you know that, though. I think you know I wanted to talk to you, too; that's why you left. And, I mean, if you don't want to talk to me, that's okay, but at least tell me
Dean decides against arguing. He’s still not too eager to see how tonight’s family dinner goes, but at least it should get his mind off Cas for a while. That’s what he needs right now: a distraction.
Sleep clearly isn't going to happen, so, like the idiot he is, he gives up on it. He crawls out of bed  and flicks the light on. How is it possible to be so fucking tired and completely incapable of sleeping? The human body works in mysterious ways.
The faint sound of sirens can be heard in the distance, growing just a little louder with every passing second. That must be the ambulance. It's about time; Patience should really be getting to the hospital. She can contact her father from there. If all goes well, she'll be home in no time.
"No, I know, it's just — no one else ever sees him," Dean says. “I thought I was goin’ Looney Tunes for a while there, but if you see them...”
“Bye, Benny.” She looks up at the other man and adds a less enthusiastic, though by no means hostile, “Bye, Dean.”
to me — just before I saw you last time that he was worried about you because you weren't talking about it. He would like nothing more than to help you deal with this."
Sam knocks on the front door of what Dean really hopes is her house. A minute or so passes, and both brothers wait silently on the doorsteps, growing a little less certain by the moment. Dean glances around awkwardly, partially because staring at a closed door for too long is weird and partially because he hopes he'll see Cas off in the distance somewhere. It doesn't work, but just as Sam starts to suggest they come back later, the door opens.
CastieI waits a few moments until Jack confirms that he found them. He gives the kid another minute or two to raise any complaints, but he seems pretty content — or as content as he can be, given the circumstances.
"Because," Jack says, "he told me a few days ago that he was proud of me for dealing so well. I can't just tell him that he's
"Oh, you son of a bitch." Dean grabs the man's arms, so hard that it's doubtlessly going to leave two very painful bruises, and pulls him off the table. "I thought he was dead, Cas! I thought I lost another one of my people —"
Charlie brings the car to a slow stop and unlocks the door. Castiel hops out, ready to grab the door for Dean, but he opens it himself, sliding out the other side. Okay, so maybe he doesn’t need any help.
always one person he could always count on to make him feel better, though. "Any wisdom I have, Dean probably has too. You can always talk to him, too." They're a lot more alike than Castiel cares to admit.
"You should just sit between Mick and Benny so no one wins," the boy CastieI doesn't recognize says.
"But there were two Vamps outside when we left and Alex tried to stop us — she recognized them 'cause that kidnapped her a few years after you left but she made it back eventually — but Claire and I were already outside and the Vamps saw us and the Vamps saw
CastieI glances at Charlie, but they look just as confused as he is. After a pause, he asks a tentative, "I'm sorry, who is this?"
“Hi, welcome to Braedon’s Bakery!” the boy greets them. “My name’s Ben, and that’s my mom, Lisa.” He points at the woman in the back with his thumb, and she gives a small wave before turning her attention back to her work. “What can I help you with?”
That doesn’t matter now, though. Whatever Dean decides to do (and whatever his brothers decide to do) is out of his hands now. He'll just have to hope for the best.
“Yeah, well, surprise, your death didn’t stick,” Dean deadpans. “It never does. That’s never stopped you from coming back before.”
is exactly why he’s so miserable. It was easy when it was just Dean to pretend that he didn’t care, that this was just a reminder of a fucked-up childhood that he’s fortunate to have escaped. It’s harder to do that when his family is involved. He can’t even
sorry I didn’t know that,” Castiel says sarcastically. Oh, how he hasn’t missed Dean’s obsessive love of cowboys. At least Dean can’t force him into a cowboy hat to watch
, he would have pulled her into a hug and whispered quiet reassurances until she felt better. He's not sure that's a good idea with Jack. Castiel may feel like he knows the kid, but he has to remember that the feeling isn't mutual. He doesn't want to be that weird great-aunt-twice-removed at the family reunion that you haven't seen since you were three weeks old but she insists you're basically best friends.
“No, I’m definitely worrying about it,” Sam says. “What’s going on with you? That’s the third time you’ve gone running off in two days. What’s going on with you, Dean?”
Castiel stands up and crosses his arms, shooting him a glare. "You're a pain in the ass. You know that, right?"
Dean doesn't get that memo. "No, they don't. I only got the one phone call, and Sam didn't summon himself here." Dean pauses. "I mean, I guess he
Castiel risks a glance at the door. God, what the fuck is taking the cops so long? He knows they were waiting pretty far away, but even so, shouldn’t they be here by now? He’s sure they
"I'd rather you didn't, actually," CastieI says. It's probably easier than telling him that Dean is in jail. That's part of a much bigger mess that he'd rather unravel for him in person. "Are you free right now? I just really think this is something we should get out of the way sooner rather than later."
Castiel winces at that, glancing down at Charlie almost instinctively. That was a little too much information, venturing into territory that Charlie was never supposed to see. She's masking her emotions surprisingly well, which would be fine if it didn't leave him in the dark about how she feels about him now. He's sure she has a
The officer turns around, and he can confirm that it is, in fact, Charlie. She smiles when she sees him, but her face falls almost immediately when she notices the flannel wrapped around his arm. "You okay?"
Eventually, they pull apart, and Lucifer leans against the wall. "So, what's up? This is about Jack, right?"
"Right…" Charlie looks down at her game tiles, but not before he catches the disheartened look on her face.
"Well, 13 years tends to do that to a person," Jack says, but there's no malice in his voice. "I've heard so much about you, I almost feel like I know you. When Dean asked if I wanted to meet you — or, you know,
Castiel frantically throws his sweatpants on. There's no time for boxers; hell, there's not even enough time for a shirt. There's a soft knock on his bedroom door, and he kicks Dean's clothes under his bed. It's one thing to have his own clothes on the floor, but if she saw flannel here, she might have some questions.
"Thanks, Cas!" Lucifer says cheerfully. "I think I'll raise just 'cause I want Dean to suffer." He slips a few chips into the pot.
“And I literally do not care,” Castiel says. “I’ve made my decision, so unless Jody or Dean change their minds, I’m in this now.”
"I know you would say that," she says, "which is why I wasn't actually gonna mention it. I was just gonna force-feed you from my new favorite bakery and hope you just thought it was me being me. Apparently that did not work."
He takes a seat on Dean's side of the table. With anyone else, he'd be a lot more formal about this, but Jody wants him to act like a friend. This seems friendly to him.
"I'm not doing it to help Dean," Castiel says. "Hell, if I'm being totally honest, I'm not doing it for the good of the city or whatever, either. I have a personal vendetta against the Vamps, and now I have a legal way to get revenge." He gives an exaggeratedly sweet smile.
this long. His entire facial structure changed, too, now more angular with more prominent features. He looks like a completely different man.
"I know!" She hands Jack his cup of juice. "Drink up, kid. You can't die before you've tasted freedom."
And she’s not the only one here. She’s sitting at the bar with Bobby on one side and Jo on the other, each with a drink in front of them. God, it’s good to see their faces again. It’s been a decade since he last saw them, and so much has changed since then. There’s so much he wants to fill them in on -- and hopefully they come with stories of their own; he’d hate for him and Sam to do
“Oh, I’m sorry about that, by the way,” Jack says. “I didn’t know you’d died until after it happened or I would’ve stepped in to help.”
He shakes his head. "Just long enough for her to tell Dean and me to stay put -- which we didn’t do."
CastieI cocks his head to the side. He wasn't exactly expecting a response of "Pinky promise?" like he would have given as a toddler, but this is arguably just as surprising. The Hunters are — or
Charlie cracks a smile. "Well, as long as we're on the same page, I don't care that neither of us know what page it is." She eyes his outfit briefly. "You should dress like that more often. It's a look."
He's not sure he wants to know how Charlie would react to that. It's probably easier to just let her think Dean was incredibly unreasonable.
go. He'll be in court trying to get a murderer off the streets; he can't miss that to attend a meeting he knows nothing about with a guy he can't trust.
As Sam and Dean sit down at the bar, Jo heads to the other side, pulling out a couple of beer bottles and dropping one in front of each of the Winchesters. With every passing moment, this place feels more like home. Even something as simple as Jo serving drinks reminds him of old times, though he has to admit that he does feel a little bad having Jo wait on them in Heaven. At least on Earth it was her job, but he’s pretty sure there
"Go 'head, I'll grab a chair." He claps Castiel on the back once before walking away. He's barely out of sight when he calls back, "Jack, you wanna play
CastieI takes a deep breath. This might be the hardest thing he's had to do in years. It’s almost harder than it was the first time. At least the first time, he didn’t have to say it aloud. He forces himself to meet Dean's eye. "I'm not coming back."
arguing with the receptionist. Castiel gestures for him to follow. "C'mon, I got you." He glances at the reception, who just waves them off. If Castiel wants him to come in, he's coming in.
"Yep!" They run out of the room, and he has to appreciate how quickly they agree to do everything he asks (except, of course, leaving).
There comes a point when Dean stops mentioning Cas entirely. He knows he’ll just get the same response, a little more exasperated each time, and it never makes him feel any better. That doesn’t stop him from thinking about Cas, though, as much as he wishes he could. There's one thing in particular that's been bugging him over the past couple of days, and, finally, he decides he has to ask.
suspicious after he just tried (and failed) to be secretive about it. It must look like talking to the Hunters is a common occurrence. He's not sure if he'd like to be asked to explain or if he'd rather she just pretend this never happened. Both feel like a losing situation for him.
