“You’ve found yourself an amusing one, John, bravo,” the man said.  “George Weasley.  I’m that idiot’s older brother, or one of them at least.”
Instead, he decided now might be as good a time as any to go down to the dungeons and see what new potions Slughorn might suggest he try.  Particularly now that he had a proper teacher, rather than simply trying to work through possible problems on his own, his potion making skills had grown.  Out of all of the professors, Sherlock never expected to get on best with the man who sought out famous wizards to make himself feel better about his own lack of success, but surprisingly Slughorn was a patient yet persistent teacher and a decent companion.  It always shocked Sherlock when someone admired his skills, whether it be at observation or potions, so when the two combined, they made an unexpectedly strong friendship.
John nodded his forehead against Cecelia’s, causing her to giggle as his blonde-gray hair brushed over her skin.  “I know, really.  I’ve just never been much for helping myself when there are others who need it more.”
“Oh John.”  Jones chuckled and lifted Cecelia back into John’s direct line of sight.  “Where’s the fun in harming you personally when there are so many others close to you that I can use to make things even worse?  Particularly when your little girl is so good at what she does.  I haven’t organised this extensive plan just to take you off on your own and kill you.”
At the end of the table facing them, Neville Longbottom’s head lifted as he spoke to Filius Flitwick and he instantly spotted them.  He broke out in a grin and shot to his feet to jump down and meet them.
John woke early the next morning despite his late night text, which he had chosen to ignore for the time being when he realized it was from Sherlock and nothing of immediate importance.  He, Mary, and the baby were staying with a few friends for the weekend, both as a way to introduce their daughter to them and have willing babysitters for the visit they would be making later that day.  John climbed nearly silently from the bed in the guest room, leaving Mary to continue sleeping while he checked on their child.  She too lay content and fast asleep in her crib, her eyes darting about underneath her eyelids with enthusiasm as she dreamt.  John left her with a quick kiss on her forehead and padded into the bathroom to take a quick shower.  As he tousled a burgundy towel through his grey-blonde hair, the memory of Sherlock’s message came to him and led him back to the bedside table.  He scrubbed at his jaw as he picked the phone up and scrolled through the texts, thoughts more focused on considering whether he ought to bother shaving that morning than whatever Sherlock had sent.  Any contemplation of his daily routine, however, instantly fell away once he read the words Sherlock had sent a few hours before.
“Where are we going next, Papa?” Cecelia asked once they reached the front doors where they began.  Sherlock thought for a moment before starting up the stairs, slowing his pace once he heard Cecelia’s footsteps following.  Eventually they ended up at the door to the Charms classroom.  The door was open just enough for them to peer inside, the image of their faces one above the other inevitably comical.  They caught the attention of a few of the students across the room, who instantly had to try and contain their laughter.  Flitwick turned to them with a huff.
Sherlock followed her in and knelt at her side.  “It is.  I modeled the ceiling of your bedroom after this exact room.  But as the original, this one is even more special – watch.”
“You’re not a dick,” Sherlock muttered into his hair.  “You’re a good doctor-daddy who is helping someone out during an emergency.  We don’t need some commercial holiday as an excuse to spend the day spoiling Rosie with love – we’ll just do it another day, she understands.  She’s bright that way.”  Shifting around so he could hold John’s face in his hands, Sherlock kissed him.  “Now go help people, we’ll be fine.”
“Course you will.”  He knocked into Sherlock’s shoulder, causing him to smile down at John.  Ron chuckled and when they looked over at him, he was watching them with his arms crossed over his chest and an amused expression.
Sherlock sighed and nodded.  “Thank you.  I should have known you would, but…”
Sherlock glared down at the powder and threw it into the fire without a word.  Squaring his shoulders, he stepped inside and soon followed in Mycroft’s wake.  John watched the flames die down and return to their normal shade.  He patted the mantle and shrunk it down before tucking his wand away and going in search of James and Cecelia.
“Osiria roses,” he gasped when he pulled away, Sherlock gulping in air.  “You put out osiria roses.  You utter romantic.”
Reading John’s demands on his face silently, Sherlock reached down for the hem of his camisole. Slower than John thought possible, he dragged it up his body, the fabric just caressing his skin as it lifted up and over his head. Without his consent, John felt his hands following the fabric’s path up to Sherlock’s nipples. Gripping his pecs gently, John rubbed rough circles around both of his nipples, causing Sherlock’s head to fall back on a gasp.
“Outside the Three Broomsticks sound okay?” he asked, grabbing another of their bags and slinging it over his shoulder.  “It shouldn’t be too busy this time of night, and we can walk up to the school from there.  Are you sure you’ll be okay taking Sherlock as well?”
Abruptly Sherlock swerved to dart down a small alleyway.  As soon as they were far enough down it to hide from the street in the shadows, Sherlock knocked the kickstand down and threw off his helmet, turning on the seat to do the same to John.  The moment both of their mouths were free, they were kissing, tongues instantly fighting to get closer.  As they kissed, John shuffled back enough to rest his bum against the topmost rounded bar, dragging Sherlock down until he was laid out on his back over the majority of the bike.  Pulling away briefly to undo the buttons on his jacket, John took the opportunity to survey his work.  Sherlock’s legs were spread wide to accommodate John, one of his feet pushing against the ground and the other bent at the knee to rest on the exhaust pipe.  His head pushed back against fuel tank, his curls splayed and mahogany along the black, and a flush curled up along his neck to his face.  John dove down to suck a kiss into that rosy neck, pulling a high whine out of Sherlock.
“I’ll go let Niall know what happened,” he said, leaving the room without waiting for a response. Niall was in the main dressing room finishing up the nightly cleanup and his head shot up in surprise at John’s entrance.
Footsteps carried across the stone room and a chair scraped across the stones.  At the same level as his eyes, the view of shifting robes and simple black shoes settled and McGonagall’s stoic face peered down at him.  Despite his discomfort and unease, John couldn’t help but grin up at her.  He hadn’t been the best at Transfiguration back at school, but he found the subject fascinating and worked at it diligently until he gained the required proficiency.  Though not typically one to be overly blunt in her praise, John sensed her pride and pleasure at his work throughout his years.
John attempted to broach the subject one night close to Valentine’s Day.  Sherlock sat in the armchair he had unofficially declared his own, a book sprawled open on his lap.  One of his hands absentmindedly toyed with his hair, his fingers wrapping around curls to form them into tight spirals before letting them spring free, while the other turned the book’s pages as needed.  John sat across from him and watched him carefully, his mouth twisted in a frown.  He took a sip from the mug of tea beside him and cleared his throat to get Sherlock’s attention.  Sherlock glanced up at him, moving nothing more than a raised eyebrow in the process.  He waited silently for John to speak, his eyes darting down to where John’s fist clenched and released.
“You haven’t mucked anything up, John.”  Sherlock’s voice came from the stairwell and jolted John to attention.  He lurked in the doorway, one arm of his dressing gown hanging down off his shoulder.  He came to loom fully at the entrance, his hands behind his back and his gaze focused on Cecelia.  “I hope you didn’t change Cecelia before you brought her down.  I’d already done it not long ago so she should be fine.”
They decided to head back to the exhibition space early like the day before to give themselves time to prepare. John was surprised to see Sherlock with a large black paper bag in his hand as they headed out the door. Once they were on their way, he nodded down at it on the floor between them.
“Hogsmeade village,” Sherlock muttered under his breath to no one in particular.  “The only all wizarding community in Great Britain.  This is a legendary moment, John, the fact that a Muggle has managed to be Apparated here, of all places.  Not even the parents of Muggleborns usually make it to the village, even though they are often on the Hogwarts grounds for the yearly graduation ceremony.  Apparently they have records of all of the Muggles who have ever set foot in the town and it doesn’t even number in the dozens.  I must find the opportunity to come back during the day and observe the happenings.”
“I never had a chance…”  John dug around his pocket and pulled it out.  In his texts from Sherlock, he had nearly two hundred messages, all of them containing either pictures or videos of Sherlock and Rosie at the zoo.  He caught a glimpse of something that must have been a Snapchat filter, the two of them decorated with deer ears and freckles making faces in front of the flamingo exhibit.  John’s grin widened as he opened a video and watched Rosie squeal at the penguins, Sherlock’s deep voice booming over the speakers as he told her about them while she ran back and forth in front of the glass to chase them as they swam.  He found a picture that Rosie had obviously taken while they were in the butterfly enclosure where Sherlock had an enormous blue butterfly sitting balanced on his curls and forehead.  Though the edges were slightly blurry, Sherlock’s surprised expression and wide eyes were clear.
“It’s not Doyle.”  When John remained silent, Sherlock lifted his head just enough for John to see him roll his eyes.  “It’s not
James chuckled and Mycroft’s head shot back up at the sound.  “That may be true, but the guilt remains regardless.  There is more I could have done, perhaps given myself to save my men or done more to help the families that were left behind rather than hiding myself away.  I am attempting to make up for it now, but there are many times when my guilt is far worse than any threats made against me.”
“This is tedious,” he grumbled as the piece of paper he attempted to levitate simply flopped over in place.  “I thought getting my wand would make this easier, not keep it exactly the same.”
in his hands.
Sherlock squirmed in his grip, his head and arse pushing back into John’s shoulder and groin while his cock pushed forward into John’s hand.  He groaned, the noise almost indiscernible from how deep it was, and rolled his head back and forth.
“You live to wound me.”  Doyle sighed, his breath rustling Sherlock’s hair.  Guiding him forward with a hand clenched bruisingly tight on Sherlock’s hip and the wand still at the base of his neck, Doyle forced Sherlock against the stone wall.  With the combination of the darkened spot of the hall and Doyle’s black robes shielding their bodies, they were almost completely camouflaged.  Using his hips, Doyle shoved Sherlock fully against the wall until his entire front was forced to either push against it or Doyle.  Choosing the lesser of two evils, Sherlock plastered himself against the rough stone, feeling it rub uncomfortably against the skin below his shirt.
“Sherlock Holmes, you are far too pretty and brilliant for a broken old man like John Watson,” Doyle purred as he nudged his nose along Sherlock’s jaw.  His mustache and beard were rough against Sherlock’s face and he shuddered in disgust.  “You and that beautiful child deserve so much better, if only you would let me show you.”  He made the mistake of releasing Sherlock’s arm to trace his hand down his hip.  Sherlock took his chance and slid out of Doyle’s grasp, darting around so that he stood at his back.  Before Doyle could even realise what was happening, Sherlock grabbed Doyle by the back of his neck and slammed him face down against the table.  The movement rattled the plates still sitting on it, but rather than scaring Doyle off, Sherlock both felt and heard him chuckle.
When he emerged, Cecelia held her bottle and Sherlock was placing his empty cup in the sink.  “Company?  Is there a case?”
“Apparently you can, though the work and sacrifices involved means that very few wizards have tried and succeeded.”  John rubbed a hand across his face as though he were scrubbing away the memories.  “I don’t know how it’s done or care to know, but Voldemort managed it, back when Harry was in his fourth year.  Dumbledore, the head of Hogwarts at the time, worked at building up the resistance to try and fight him off again.  I was offered a place in the Order of the Phoenix, their group, but I didn’t actually join until after my parents died.”
Scooping her up so that she was tucked into his elbow, John carried her up the stairs to get her ready to go out.  When he set her back down in her pillow fort in the sitting room ten minutes later, the notification light on his mobile was blinking.  For the moment, he ignored it and dug around in the remaining bags in the room, mentally reminding himself to finish unpacking that night as he pulled out a fresh set of clothes.  He dressed quickly right there in the sitting room, popping into the bedroom long enough to throw his pajamas on the bed, and ruffled a hand through his hair, judging it good enough for the time being.  He finally picked up the mobile when he scooped up Cecelia, settling her into her wrap at the same time as he stepped into his shoes.
“Not at all,” he said as they headed toward the door.  Shifting his attention to Mycroft, he asked, “Is your car on its way?”
Sherlock blinked down at him in shock.  “John.  He has our daughter.  He has
As John rubbed his clean hand against Sherlock’s side soothingly, Sherlock loosened his grip on John’s shirt and snuck it downward without John noticing. John’s nails scraped against bare skin as Sherlock suddenly rubbed the flat of his palm against the front of John’s still closed trousers. His climax snuck up on him as he groaned and pushed into Sherlock’s touch, his nails scratching Sherlock’s waist as it burst from him and soiled both his pants and trousers. He gasped, catching his breath as he assessed their situation, and eventually lifted his head up to meet Sherlock’s wide eyes.
The next morning, John had woken up with a warm body tucked carefully across him.  John blinked awake to find Sherlock’s bottom half wedged between his sprawled open legs, John’s groin level with Sherlock’s hips.  His arms were wrapped tightly around John’s chest, his hands resting flat at John’s back and shoulder.  Meanwhile, Sherlock’s head was tucked in directly under John’s chin with his curls just brushing his face and neck.  At some point during the night, John had wrapped an arm around Sherlock’s waist and rested a hand on the spot where his lower back met the top of his bum.  John hummed low in his throat as he slowly woke, causing Sherlock to rub his face into John’s chest in his sleep.
The sandwich shop on the ground floor sat dark with its awning tucked away for the evening and its entrance shut to the night.  Though the outdoor light that sat between it and the flat next door was off, the glossy 221 lettering shone lightly from a street lamp a few feet down the pavement.  Upstairs, a soft glow the shade of a tempered fire lit the pair of windows that looked down on the street.  Movement shifted across one of them, a long arm reaching out to something unseen, and broke the light for the briefest moment.  A second arm joined it to pull it from view, and within minutes the light tapered down until the flat was dark.  The figure watching across the way remained.
“Moriarty, really?”  John frowned down at the table, considering Sherlock’s words.  “In a way, yeah, I get that.  His voice is definitely similar, now that I think about it.  But love…Moriarty’s gone.  You got rid of him years ago.  You’ve got nothing to worry about, particularly not with some random bloke teaching a magical class.”
“Just make sure you get some sleep before tomorrow night!” John yelled as Sherlock raced from the room. John sighed at the lack of response from Sherlock and did a once over of the room, trying to find anything missing or out of place. Surprisingly, it was something new he found, laying under where the note had been. Pinned to a note card was a small brooch in the shape of the RAMC shield, the colours worn down until it was only a dull copper. Written by hand on the card were the words WEAR IT FOR ME.
murder someone.  If you weren’t so bloody useful, the force probably would have made me kick you out on your arse years ago.  You’re just going to have to let this one go, mate.”
As fast as Sherlock’s blush had gone, it came back to the forefront with a vengeance at John’s suggestion.  One of his hands held a death grip on the edge of his door, the other clutching desperately at the collar of his dressing gown.  His eyes darted to the floor where his feet shuffled a bit in place, but he didn’t actually make a move to close or open the door further.  “I.  You mean.  Um.”
John shifted them around until he sat cross-legged with Sherlock curled up in his lap. Eventually Sherlock let out a contented sigh and nuzzled against John’s neck, causing John to let out a shiver he attempted to hide. “How do you feel?” John asked him quietly, running a hand up and down Sherlock’s thigh in a comforting manner. Sherlock hummed and ran his hand over the come on his stomach, effectively mixing both of them together.
He heard a soft ping and looked up.  Rather than eating her snack, Cecelia had taken to throwing the pieces as hard as she could toward the front of the car, some of them even making it into the front seat.  The noise that had pulled his attention away from Sherlock was one of them bouncing off the centre console.
was a huuuuuge part in helping me figure out this idea.  Mycroft is my absolute favorite (this man is my child and I will protect him with my life) so I wanted to incorporate him a bit more in this story than I was able to with FI.  Hence, ANGST AND DRAMA.  (Don't worry though, I love him too much not to give him a happy ending)
“What happened the other day?” James asked, his eyes on Mycroft.  John explained as easily as he could, keeping out the fact that magic was involved.  James’ brow furrowed as he listened, Mycroft remaining silent but tapping a finger on the top of his umbrella in anxious agitation.  Once John was finished, James reached a hand out and surprised all of them by placing it over Mycroft’s.  Mycroft blinked down at their hands and raised his face to James’, his expression curious but emotionless.
“Just the date, I suppose,” John replied with a tired smile.  “It’s always been one of the harder ones, among others.”
“So what’s the other thing you were worried about?  Did any of that cover it?”
“Never had a problem in my life,” John said and Ollivander gave him a brisk nod.  With delicate hands, he snatched up the wand from the box, eyes narrowing on it before passing it handle side first to Sherlock.
“Just nervous, I suppose.”  John turned enough to look up at the house.  “I’m not worried about them meeting you – the Weasleys will love you, I know that – but I’m still not sure if I’m ready for all of this.  I’m concerned it’ll be awkward or that they’ll be disappointed in me for running away from the wizarding world.”
Ashlee wins for betaing as always
“Interesting theory, but I suspect it’s merely silk,” Sherlock replied, lazily opening an eye to look up at John.  “Regardless, this bed is
Rising to her feet, she replied, “Very well.  I’ll call Longbottom up from his post and be with you momentarily.”  As she left the office, John pulled himself back through the fire, blinking blue gaze instantly gravitating to where he left Cecelia.  She sat peacefully in the same spot, her head cricked to the side as she watched him with a curious expression.  He smiled and scooped her into his arms, listening to her babbling up at him as he set about in pulling out the things for tea and setting water in the kettle.  He swayed on the floor of the kitchen, speaking quietly to her, when he heard the flames in the fireplace roar slightly and footsteps step into the living room.
He felt Sherlock move his head down and mouth over the nipple, and John knew he had finally woken up.  John’s free hand moved to tangle in Sherlock’s hair and he huffed in reply, pushing back into the palm on his bum.  John spent a moment rotating between squeezing the arse he held with one hand and scraping his nails against the skull in his other.  When he shifted his leg to move it into a more comfortable position, he felt his thigh brush up against Sherlock’s cock.  Sherlock yelped and his head shot up, his eyes wide and the pupils blown.
“You both are,” Hermione declared, shutting them both up effectively.  She turned back to Sherlock and continued.  “Harry’s right, that case would have gone on far longer and most likely would have only gotten worse if you hadn’t been involved.  If you’re ever interested in a job with the Aurors, I’m sure you wouldn’t be rejected.”
Doyle’s grinning face looked down at him.  He rested one of his hips against the table, his opposite hand loosely clasping a small tumbler of amber liquid.  Once he was certain he had Sherlock’s full attention, he lazily raised the glass to take a long and deliberate sip.  When his eyes slowly pushed back open, he narrowed them down at Sherlock, taking the opportunity of his for once taller position to survey his entire body.  While Sherlock managed to contain an uncomfortable shift in his chair, he allowed his disdainful sneer to be obvious.
Cecelia hopped down and brought the chalk up to Flitwick.  Sherlock sent him a grimace of apology and began to lead Cecelia from the room.  Just as they were at the door, Sherlock turned back to face the class.  “If you’d like any help with wordless summoning, let us know!”  Sending the students a wink, he pulled the door closed and followed Cecelia back down the corridor.
“The only times it was unlocked was while one of us was in there, and we’re the only ones who had access to it,” she explained. “We found the note on the table, completely on the other side of the room from the door, so there’s no way it was slipped in without someone actually going in. We’ve found a note in there every night after our performances this week, but this one is just disgusting. None of the others were this vulgar or crude.”
“Lestr…no.”  John shot to his feet, acting as though he was about to start pacing.  Instead, he shook his head, muttered, “No,” again, and walked from the room.  They heard his footsteps hurry across the kitchen floor before fading behind the firm snap of the closed bedroom door.  Greg held his head in his hands, Molly worriedly rubbing his back, and Sherlock approached him.
“Be back in a mo, yeah?  I just have to make sure – “  John turned to the man, waiting patiently for him to tell John his name.  He blinked a few times before he shook himself and replied.
John spent the entire ride shooting looks at Sherlock, attempting to see what sort of costume he came up with for himself. Unfortunately, his coat covered everything except his trousers, which appeared to be a weathered, dark brown leather that clung close to his legs. Swallowing thickly, John drummed his fingers on his own brown trousers, a thick pair he’d found amongst Niall’s creations that reminded him a bit of his old fatigues. At least for the first evening, John strove for comfort first, pairing the trousers with an olive green button up with a pair of breast pockets flanking each other, the sleeves rolled up to his elbows to show off his forearms. He paired it with matching black leather braces and a thick belt to hold a pair of empty holsters on his hips. He hoped to find some appropriate accessories in the dressing room, but when he glanced over himself quickly before following Sherlock out of the flat, he had to admit that what he had put together was flattering.
John broke out in a smile, pulling Sherlock in for a kiss.  He lingered for a moment, barely pulling away far enough to speak his words against Sherlock’s mouth.  “Thank you, love.  This means a lot.  It’s been years since I’ve been able to use my magic to heal.”
Neville laughed and nodded.  “Good memory.  If you’d like, I can show you what happened to those seeds sometime.”
“Not…”  John glanced at the room a second time before turning to grab Sherlock’s face.  His gloved hands cradled Sherlock by his jaw, one of his thumbs rubbing across his bottom lip and causing him to shiver.  “You got me out here just for this?”
“Oh Sherlock,” he breathed, instantly shooting up to move to the other side of the bed.  He settled in close and lifted his arm, opening himself up to encourage Sherlock if he wanted the comfort.  Sherlock shuffled forward instantly, clenching his hands in John’s shirt and tucking his face into the crook of his neck.  John wrapped his arms tightly around Sherlock’s back, tangling their legs together so that they could be as close as possible.  He felt Sherlock sniffle into his collar and held him firmly.  “I’m so sorry, love.  Do you want to talk about it?”
*whispers* I actually really like this chapter a lot and I think a solid part of that is because I really enjoy steampunk circus themes
(See the end of the chapter for
,” John said while leaning in to kiss her forehead.  She grumbled and fussed away from John’s lips, causing John to cluck his tongue at her.  “Someone’s grumpy.  Maybe a snack and we’ll see if your papa’s ready to give his wand work another try?”  John grinned up at Sherlock to see his reaction to the new title.  He wasn’t disappointed when he spotted Sherlock’s softened expression, a small smile at the corner of his mouth as he looked down at Cecelia.  John snagged a banana and knife from the kitchen and dragged the highchair out to the sitting room.  Once Cecelia was settled in and happily being fed small pieces of fruit, John raised a brow at Sherlock.
“That’s what we have you for, John,” Sherlock replied, letting the waffle ball fly towards the lower cupboards.  Cecelia shrieked and clapped her amusement while Sherlock turned a grinning face on John.  “You’re the responsible one, remember?”
“I’m John,” he finally said, wondering whether the creature would understand him.  His gaze shot up from where he had been watching their hands to John’s face.  “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to disturb you, I was just looking for – “
“You underestimate me, Sherlock Holmes,” she chided, taking another sedate sip of tea.  “I must admit that your prejudice toward the elderly surprises me.”
Sherlock ducked down to rub his face into the junction where John’s neck met his shoulder.  “I’m sorry.  That was my fault as well.”
And needing one another
Niall had sat across from him and began to speak before John even noticed. It was only when he waved a hand in front of John’s face, chuckling as John shook himself out of his thoughts, that he actually joined the conversation. “God, John, if you really don’t want to do the exhibit, just say so. I’m sure Sherlock’s got other friends who could stand in for you.”
“Damn straight he is!” John called down the steps before heading into the flat.  Sherlock rolled his eyes, but a smile forced itself out regardless.
Rather than respond, John started on his shirt.  Sherlock set one of the bags on the chair and approached the tub with the other, unwrapping a large violet and white bath bomb.  He delicately lowered it into the water and it began to fizz, swirls of purple, pink, and blue bubbling up around it.  The room quickly filled with a sweet yet floral scent, dominated by a curl of fresh strawberries.  Sherlock guided it across the water’s surface, observing the swirls it created and coaxing it to melt.  By the time John finished undressing and brought the other bag to the tub’s opposite side, the bomb itself had dissolved, leaving behind colours the shade of a winter sunset and the smell of flowers and chocolates meant for a lover.
.  You ruined everything, John Watson, from the moment you walked onto that crime scene.  And you have to pay for that in whatever way possible.”
Of meetings and greetings
They followed him into the flat proper, Sherlock heading for the bedroom while Molly brought Cecelia with her over to the sofa.  “There’s formula in the cupboard for when it’s time for her to eat dinner,” John explained, pointing a thumb over his shoulder into the kitchen.  “If she’s interested in more than just that, there are a couple of different fruits in there as well or you can warm up some waffles or porridge for her.  A few seconds in the microwave for the waffles and they should be fine.  She’ll need a bath and usually ends up in bed around seven, although I doubt she’ll sleep right away, particularly with us gone.  Make sure she’s got her stuffed bee in the crib with her or she’ll never even try to sleep, and there’s a bookcase up there with a bunch of options that should help.  Sherlock and I have been working through the Winnie the Pooh books with her, but if something else strikes your fancy, feel free to go for it.  I’m not sure what time we’ll be back, but it shouldn’t be too late.”
Greg nodded and attempted to compose himself.  Once he’d found his voice, he finally turned to fully face John.  “I know your parents were killed by a group of death eaters.  Were any of them…”
And we’ll finally have the chance
(See the end of the chapter for
Literally the first and only time two chapters will be posted one day after the other.
Sherlock glared at the floor, his arms tight at his sides visibly shaking.  “Leave, Mycroft.  Before we both do something we regret.”  His head snapped up to narrow his eyes at him.  “More than the hell you’ve already created.”  Nodding a final time, Mycroft descended the stairs.  The click of the front door closing resounded like a gunshot in the flat.
“We can’t go back far enough into it to check on the spells it cast, beside it being nearly impossible to figure out accurate times and places for when specific spells were cast,” Harry explained.  “Given everything that Travers and Jones told us before they died, however, we know that at least five people were involved in the Watsons’ deaths – the two of them, a woman named Abby Avery, Yaxley, and one of the Rosiers.  Besides these two and Avery, the others have been in Azkaban since the Battle.”
John knew it snowed during the night long before he managed to actually see it.  Rather than waking up to his alarm like he expected, he jolted awake that morning to his roommate letting out an excited whoop and throwing himself over the side of his upper bunk.  Rubbing away the sleep from his eyes and blinking down at the books and papers still in the bed with him from the night before, he scratched the back of his neck and turned to watch his roommate.  Greg, wearing nothing but a pair of dark blue briefs, stood at the window, flapping his hand enthusiastically at John while bouncing on his toes.
She nodded against his chest and looked up at him with large eyes.  “I’ll stay away from him for you, Papa.”
“Valentine’s Day,” Sherlock snorted, flopping himself around until he was facing the ceiling.  “While Valentine himself was an exceptional human being – were you aware he is not only considered the patron saint of love, but additionally bee keepers and the plague? – the holiday itself has taken on the frivolity and mayhem of corporate force and undue pressure placed on the overly emotional masses.  Why aren’t you in bed?”
John rubbed the back of his head and grimaced.  “Ah, yeah, probably.  Force of habit.  I did it all through our time in the Order as well.  I’ll have to work on that.”
“Oh God, what have I done?” John muttered to himself, stifling his comment with a groan.  Sherlock launched to his feet with a wicked smile, causing John to shoot Lestrade a farewell as he jogged after.
“I’ll see what else I can find on my own first,” Sherlock insisted, but John could tell from his expression that he was dissatisfied.  “But you’re likely right, Mycroft will be the only one who has the rest of the story.  I doubt I’ll have much choice if I want to figure it all out.”
“What?” he asked, attempting to sound as casual as possible.  Clearly Sherlock wasn’t falling for it as his mouth pinched into a tight line.
When they entered the sitting room, the sight they stumbled upon was more domestic than they expected.  Molly sat cross-legged on the floor, Lestrade laying on his stomach across from her, and Cecelia crawled between them.  Lestrade held his hands out toward Cecelia, snatching her up and rolling around to his back in order to hold her high over him.  She giggled and kicked her legs in the air, looking down at him as she tried to grab at his face.  He lowered her enough to blow raspberries on her stomach, turning her giggles into shrieks.  Molly watched them, her face bright with happiness, and didn’t notice John and Sherlock’s approach.
“Right. Good.” John swallowed down the sudden jab of jealousy at this new knowledge and brought the lubes and a single box of condoms just in case over to the bed. “Well, I suppose I should learn a bit about these people we’ll be questioning.” With a nod, Sherlock turned on his heel and led John to their dressing room.
“AGRA,” John replied hurriedly, gesturing wildly down at the book.  As his excitement grew, Sherlock folded himself down on the floor as well, until they sat mirroring each other with their knees touching.  Sherlock’s interest furthered John’s excitement until he was speaking almost as fast as Sherlock did during a deduction.  “We know the initials from the flash drive, right, and that they stood for the name she gave us in all the shit she put on it.  But what if she didn’t change them from her wizarding name?  I saw a name on that page that reminded me – I went up against a bloke named Avery in the battle at Hogwarts and I know his father was a Death Eater as well.  What if there were others in the family who decided to get into the business too?”
He returned to Sherlock’s back to finish the pattern, both to give their audience a better show and for his own ease. Each time John had tried the rope dress design with a partner, he always found it most enjoyable for them both when he was at his partner’s back. The need to excessively touch and caress various parts of the body to make it work tended to heighten his partner’s pleasure, leaving them more than ready to continue once the bondage was complete. Once he tied and tucked away the loose ends, John knelt back slightly to survey his work. He abruptly yanked the bonds on Sherlock’s hips upwards into a better position, grinning to himself when he heard Sherlock’s surprised gasp.
Sherlock hummed his agreement, only half paying attention to Slughorn as he continued to speak.  Cecelia remained dedicatedly focused on her potion, her forehead creased in concentration.  Despite several attempts to bring the conversation back towards Slughorn’s past with Voldemort, by the time they had several completed bottles of potion, Sherlock knew nothing more than when he began.  He piled them up with additional empty bottles to take to John and an invitation to return any time before Slughorn shooed them off to prepare for his next class.  Resigned to his temporary failure, Sherlock followed Cecelia back to their flat to show John their hard work.
John grinned and took up the man’s food.  “I’d love to.”
“I agree,” Sherlock grumbled, and his voice made John shiver. He bit his bottom lip and looked down at John’s chest, and John felt himself falling impossibly more in love with him. “Do you think…we might be able to continue our arrangement beyond this week?”
John slowly drew the length of rope from his jacket pocket before tossing the whole garment aside, rolling up the sleeves on his shirt once it was exposed. He knelt on the edge of the bed in front of Sherlock and went to work on the buckles of his corset, caressing Sherlock’s shoulders as he slid the whole thing off. As John tossed it away to join his jacket, Sherlock raised his arms to reach for John’s hat, freezing before touching it to wait for John’s approval. At John’s nod, the hat joined the pile and John shifted slightly closer to wrap his hands around Sherlock’s waist and give him a reassuring squeeze.
“I said fucking
The holiday grew ever closer, Cecelia’s excitement increasing with each day that passed.  She managed to trick both John and Sherlock into helping with her presents to them without either of them knowing.  John was caught one afternoon when Cecelia was forced to remain in the hospital wing while Sherlock returned to London for a day to help Lestrade with an emergency case.  Sherlock, meanwhile, spent an afternoon working on the present with her rather than their usual potion experiments in Slughorn’s classroom.  Satisfied with her work, she hid them side by side under her mattress and waited anxiously for Christmas to arrive.
“We’re not going to London, then,” Sherlock said thoughtfully as they made their way down the snowy path.  A few flakes drifted down around them, landing artfully in his hair.  He ignored them as he continued.  “Obviously this is a trip down to Hogsmeade instead.  There are only three places to go to eat there, and you mentioned dinner, so clearly we’ll be going to one of them.  I’d never set foot in that atrocious tea shop, as you are well aware, and while the Hog’s Head is a quiet establishment, you’re not particularly fond of the food there.  We must be on our way to the Three Broomsticks.”
“There’s no mention of the pin from yesterday,” John said as he scanned through it. Sherlock hummed and straightened, pushing aside the items randomly scattered around the table in search of something.
The man raised a single bushy brow at him.  “Mr. Holmes, there has never been a witch or wizard to walk through those doors who did not leave in possession of a wand.  Garrick Ollivander, at your service.”  Ollivander eyed John, fingering the box while inspecting him.  “John Watson.  Cedar, phoenix feather core, nine and a quarter inches.  Firm.  Does it treat you well?”
“Don’t worry, with you looking like that, I don’t think it’ll take much.” John licked his lips and stared down at the floor. “How should we go about the scene?”
“I…actually brought you out here to ask you something.”  John shoved the knife back into his pocket to trade it for the velvet pouch he’d been carrying around for what felt like ages.  Sherlock cradled the rose in his hand and blinked down at John with enormous eyes.  “It’s been something I’ve been hoping to ask for a while now, but it just hasn’t seemed to be the right time.  Maybe this, here, is.”  John swallowed and stared down at the bag, running a thumb along the fabric.  “I know you’ve mentioned that you weren’t much for marrying, but we’ve been together romantically for nearly seven years now and – “
“Got my message, then?” he asked, his voice gruff with sleep.  Sherlock ignored the shiver the voice sent down his back in favour of shifting through the tomb open on his lap.  “Still believe it was a dream?”
Swallowing down his surprise at the direction of their conversation, John shrugged a shoulder and hooked his free thumb into one of his belt loops. “Difficult times mean making ends meet in whatever way you can. Besides, this provides a bit more stability than wandering around out there where I could be shot at any moment, or worse. Not to mention the situation is much more…enjoyable here than it is out there.”
He and Cecelia made a stop to the flat to grab a few toys for her to bring with her down to the Slytherin common room.  She skipped down the corridors excitedly, swinging her rainbow backpack on her elbow, and John couldn’t find it in him to tell her to slow down.  When they reached the common room, both Albus and Scorpius stood waiting outside for them, their bags still over their shoulders.  Cecelia sped up and threw herself at Albus, nearly knocking him over.  The smile on Scorpius’ face reminded John so strongly of how Sherlock looked at him when he was feeling particularly fond that John felt a new wave of resolve settle into his chest.  The boys wished John good luck as they led Cecelia into their common room and John straightened his shoulders in determination as he went in search of Sherlock.
“Not a word,” Harry replied.  He set Cecelia down and she automatically dashed over to her play corner, sensing intuitively that the adults needed to talk on their own.  “I didn’t even have to ask what happened.  I barely got the chance to sit down before he was listing all these times where he found you alone and purposefully harassed you.”
“Ah yes, Mycroft Holmes.  He was assistant to our Muggle liaison back then, so I’m not surprised to hear he’s risen to take on the post.  You, then, must be Sherlock.”
“I heard you’ve invited John Watson to your house for the holidays.”
“That is, decidedly, not my problem.” And with that, Sherlock swept away into the classroom, leaving a frustrated Lestrade standing dumbly in the hallway.
“I don’t reckon I need to tell you this, but make sure you don’t tell anyone what’s happened here today. I don’t think the school would be particularly keen to keep me on if they knew I was shagging one of the students.” The man winked and Sherlock chuckled.
House of the cleverest hearts!
Sherlock blushed and turned to hide his face from Irene. He hated when she was able to get to him like this. He’d successfully convinced everyone else in the school that he was an unfeeling machine—a ‘high-functioning sociopath,’ he would say—but Irene hadn’t been so easily tricked, and she loved getting a rise out of him in whatever way she could.
It appeared as though a full-blown catfight was about to break out…
“Only in a biological sense,” Sherlock answered, and Lestrade’s eyebrows knitted together for a moment in confusion before deciding to let Sherlock’s peculiar answer go.
John’s eyebrows shot up. “Ten seems a bit early to be doing…
Just then, the professor arrived at their table and handed them a syllabus of what they’d be covering in class for the next fifteen weeks. Sherlock snatched it up and scanned it over before tossing it aside and groaning.
“Who was that you were talking to?” Molly asked as John rejoined her at the Hufflepuff table.
Sherlock couldn’t help but smile at this. “Yes, sir.”
“As for the rest, her robes are clearly covered in the fur of a calico cat. I can assume it’s only one cat since that is all she is allowed to own here, and I can assume that it’s hers because of the few bits of white fur that I can see tangled in her hair, which leads me to believe that she has slept in the same bed with the cat, which would only usually happen if the cat belonged to her. Of course I could be incorrect.
Brilliant.
Sherlock stopped writing mid-letter. “Sorry?”
“Excellent. Follow me, then.”
And with that he was gone, and John was left standing there, bemused and incredibly uncertain about what had just happened.
enjoying spending time with him. I don’t need your money for that.”
“I-I don’t really know,” John answered honestly, still rather confused about what he was doing here. He went to glance at the woman who had led him in, but found that she was no longer at his side. In fact, she wasn’t even in the room anymore. She had left, and closed the door behind her, so that it was only John and the mystery man now. He fingered his wand in his robe pocket, still trying to think of any spell that could help him get out of this situation, but nothing was coming to him.
“Why are you fixing your hair for your detention with Professor Watson?”
“Isn’t this great?” John shouted over the roar of the crowd around them. He was waving a small yellow-and-black-striped flag in the air as if his life depended upon it. He’d given a green-and-silver flag to Sherlock to wave, too, but Sherlock had simply stuck it in the pocket of his robes and was now standing stiffly, wincing every time some Hufflepuff accidentally bumped into him.
“No, not the dog. Harry. She’s my sister.”
“I told you before, I don’t talk to my brother, and even if I did, I wouldn’t be able to change his mind.”
“No. I think it makes perfect sense. Believe it or not, I actually like you. You challenge me academically, which is nice, because nobody else in our year does. So it doesn’t actually astound me that someone else might want to be your friend, too.”
It was getting dangerously close to the Christmas holiday, and John still hadn’t heard anything from his parents. If it wasn’t for Harry sending him a letter every other week, he might have started to worry that his family had somehow died while he was away. He still refused to answer any of his sister’s letters, still bitter at her about what had happened the week before he’d left for school, but he had to admit that it was nice to have some link to the outside world. Her letters didn’t soothe his worries about where he’d be spending the holidays, however.
“Well, we’d best let the police do their jobs, as inadequate as they are,” Sherlock shot out loudly, his cheeks faintly turning pink. “Terribly sorry, Niall. I do hope you manage to continue the exhibition. It really is very well done.” With a nod, he spun and headed towards the door.
Sherlock slowly felt himself returning to consciousness, a bit fuzzy and uncertain of where he was and how he got there.  After a few moments, he blinked his eyes open to meet John’s, concern etched across his expression.  From the angle where he lay, it appeared that he was spread out on the couch, though the last thing he remembered was being out in the park.  With John.  And the suspects.  Shooting dazzling sparks of light at each other.  With…sticks of wood?
The trail of shells he decided to follow led him closer to the water’s edge.  He squatted down on his toes to untangle a particularly knotted group of seaweed, his tongue sticking out of the corner of his mouth in concentration.  Letting out a cry of triumph, he managed to break through and uncover a dark rock underneath it.  He lifted it to eyelevel to study it closer and instantly became distracted by a large shape staring back at him.  Yelping and tumbling to fall with a wet squelch into the sand, he gaped at the creature in disbelief.
“I’m sure it’ll be fine, Neville,” John replied, shooting Sherlock a sharp look.  “Sherlock, take Cecelia for a mo?  I need to talk with Harry for a bit before he goes.”
John and Sherlock prepare to tell their friends and family about who they really are.  Greg, meanwhile, has a secret of his own that could cause even more problems.
“Probably for good reason,” John muttered with a shake of his head.  “Mind stopping out with us to see if you recognize the victims, Tom?”
She frowned as a pair of matching rings clattered out.
Sherlock caught on quickly, his eyes shooting open as he frantically nodded. John chuckled out a breathless laugh as he worked down the front of Sherlock’s pants enough to free his cock, settling the band just below the base of it and keeping his balls trapped. Forcing himself to keep his eyes locked on Sherlock’s face this first time, he wrapped his fingers around the heft of his cock, griping it loosely as he pulled up on it slowly. Sherlock’s eyes shuttered closed the moment John touched his cock, his head falling back again as a high whine rumbled out of his throat. His hands flew up to grip both sides of John’s shirts, the threads threatening to break from his fierce hold. John couldn’t resist leaning forward and licking at Sherlock’s open mouth, the taste of his gasps and saliva sweet on his tongue. His hand tightened instinctively as he sped up his movements, Sherlock’s cock leaking enough that thoughts of pausing to get the lube flew from his mind.
Following his gaze, Sherlock shrugged. “It was a conscious choice. Just make sure you don’t take off the stockings in the scene; I’d prefer not to walk around here barefoot.”
“Morning, Papa!” she responded with a large smile, her bright blue eyes that matched Mary’s exactly shining brightly.  She waved behind her at the owl that was slowly making its way over to the discarded bag of treats that sat by the door.  “Do you know what kind of owl this is?”
“That good, was I?”  Sherlock rolled his eyes and John grinned widely.  “As for Mycroft, I didn’t want this to be the thing to break you apart.  Despite his flaws, he cares about you and I could tell he regretted what he did.  He’s a good brother, even with what he’s done in the past, and despite some of the shit he’s pulled, he does genuinely love you.  I hated for this to be the thing to turn your relationship into something like I’ve had with Harry since my letter came.”  John twirled the rose and tapped Sherlock in the chest with it.  “And the rose?  I didn’t see you stop off anywhere to get it.”
Amidst their drama with Mycroft, Sherlock and John attempt to further their relationship.  When discussions of magic leads to an argument, a revelation pushes Sherlock closer to accepting his magic.
“There’s just something about Doyle…I don’t have enough information yet, but he doesn’t seem entirely right.  He acted perfectly normal and more than pleasant, but I couldn’t help feeling uncomfortable around him, as though he’s hiding something that not even I can see.”
She ducked under his arm to look up at him with enormous eyes.  “It’s okay, Daddy.  You hav’ta go doctor because people get sick and you fixes them.  You’re a good doctor-daddy.”
“Is he okay?”  She stared down at Doyle as she stepped around him and seemed to notice Sherlock for the first time.  He must have looked worse than he thought because the moment she spotted him, her eyes grew even wider.  “Merlin, is Uncle Sherlock okay?”
“It’s always amusing watching you scold her about tidiness.  As though you have any right.”
John swallowed and clenched his left hand into a fist, glancing down at the floor.  “Ah, no, not that, not yet, sorry.  It’s actually…well, there’s something…Sherlock and I…are…”
John finally gets the chance to call on Minerva McGonagall.
Teddy gave her a gentle rub across her back.  “Has she started showing any magical ability yet?”
“You’d be surprised what catches his attention,” John said dryly, though he shot Sherlock a raised brow. While John held a strong amount of concern than usual since the client was a friend, the case itself didn’t seem like one that would normally catch Sherlock’s attention. If he was willing to give it a chance, however, John wouldn’t comment on the unusual choice. “When does your exhibition take place?”
“Excellent, John, just in time.  Though I do wish you’d kept the cab, despite how dull the streets are tonight.  We’ve no time to lose.”
Sherlock’s eyes lit up when they turned to John.  “That’s a fantastic idea, John!  The cognitive skills that could be enhanced by working on both verbal and visual language in an infant are sure to be expansive!  We can begin right away, simply start incorporating it into everyday activities with verbs and nouns that are most common for her, and as soon as she’s ready to use them she’ll hopefully begin to simply follow our leads.”
Teddy was in the middle of shrugging when he gave a jolt.  Sherlock reached over his head and snatched up Cecelia, shooting him a dark scowl for holding captive his tiny inspiration.  Cecelia squealed happily in reply, babbling up at Sherlock as he carried her with him back into the kitchen.  Once the pair was settled, Sherlock balanced on the edge of his seat to lean over his notes on the table and Cecelia curled into his elbow to curiously watch.  Teddy turned to shoot John a half grin.  “It’s strange to see him…I dunno, so
“Ah, the princess awakes,” Mary said with a chuckle, drawing away from John to draw on her dressing gown and approach the crib’s side.  “Morning, Cecelia Watson.  Are you ready for another day of being spoiled rotten?”
"Mm, unfortunately yes.  A side effect to caring for and loving someone, I suppose.”
When she hopped down, John nodded over to the sink.  “You wanna help me organise some supplies?”
John pulled out his wand and wrapped his free arm around Sherlock’s middle.  “Apparation?” Sherlock asked, moving his arms so that they held John around his neck.  His hands, bare due to the unusually warm autumn air, rubbed light circles on the skin under John’s scarf.
John shot to his feet with the rope clenched in both hands. “Right! Yeah. Good idea. I’ll just…see what sort of theme we might be able to use for tonight.” Before Sherlock could respond, John was out the door and up the stairs to his room.
"We need to work on your teaching methods, John,” he muttered while John chuckled at him.  “While the majority of the time they are perfectly adequate, at others you could do well with better encouragement.”
She was interrupted by a whimpering mewl from the baby monitor on her bedside.  Groaning slightly, she made to rise before a hand slowly shot out to stop her.  “No, wait,” John said as he sat up and blinked his eyes in an attempt to rouse his mind.  “You got her three times last night, let me.”
“How bloody difficult would it be to put all of this into a ruddy database?” Sherlock eventually snarled, running a hand through his curls with a growl.  “I fail to understand how Muggles have come up with the Internet while wizardkind remains in the 1500s or earlier.”
"Putting aside the fact that you stole a guard's wand while we were in ruddy
“You’re doing fine.  Now try it together, saying the word and waving the wand at the same time.”
“I had everything under control – “
“What?  What happened?” Harry asked.
only to snatch it back before I’ve even had the chance to grasp at it?”
“A wizard.”  Sherlock could practically feel Sherlock’s doubt fluttering in the air between them.  “As in magic and fairy tales.  That’s not possible, John.”
In a fierce whirlwind
For the anniversary of their first meeting, John attempts once more to propose to Sherlock.  An emergency back at Hogwarts calls him back to the castle, however, and instead Sherlock is forced to deal with another unfortunate meeting with Doyle.
Sherlock rubbed at one of the spots and shrugged.  “I suspected this would happen.  Besides, I haven’t tried my only pair of leather trousers on in ages; I expect that after years of being fed by you, they’ll be even tighter than they were before.”
Sherlock slowly stood once more and placed a hesitant hand on his shoulder.  “Go talk to him.”
“I am,” Dumbledore replied with a nod and a smile.  “But I’m afraid I do not recognize you, young man.  You remind me of someone, however – you’ll have to excuse me for my lack of memory.  I’m afraid I know only as much as my living persona did upon death, and even I was known to make mistakes, being a human still at my core.”
“Is that the plural then?  Hmm.”  Sherlock’s eyes remained locked on Cecelia, watching her mouth and throat work at taking the milk down.  “But yes, metamorphmagi.  You said McGonagall told you that they suspect a metamorphmagus may be behind the deaths.”
“I think you should tell Mrs. Hudson first,” Sherlock said suddenly as he squinted across the street at Foyle’s.  John knew he wanted to go in and investigate what sorts of older books they might have on display that day, but the time in the afternoon in the summer meant the shop was filled with tourists.  He sniffed and went back to watching their path forward instead, clearly deciding it wouldn’t be worth the effort.  John guided them towards Denmark Street, hoping to avoid the madness of Oxford Street.
“I told you, Sherlock, magic and technology screw with each other,” John called back, squinting at barely legible titles.  “But you’re probably right, honestly.  There has to be an easier way of doing this.”  He paused for a moment to think before saying, “Keep at it, Sherlock, I’ll be right back!”  Sherlock muttered his displeasure as John dashed off to the nearest fireplace.  He’d started carrying a small phial of Floo Powder with him at all times just in case, and he quickly tossed a bit into the flames and shoved his face inside.  “Minerva McGonagall’s office!” he shouted, and before he’d had much more time than a flash of green pass across his vision he was yelling out to her.
for the beta!
“The counterspell is Nox.  Give it a try.”
The house tables were set up as usual, although they were empty and had been since the end of term in June.  The staff table had been shortened slightly, chairs set up along both sides like the house tables rather than all of them facing out toward the room at large as usual.  Many of the seats were already filled with professors chatting cheerfully with one another.  Cecelia stopped at the bottom of the steps leading up to the table, uncertain if she was allowed to continue.  When John and Sherlock approached, John placed his free hand on her shoulder.
“Ah.  Well, good.  I’m sure that between you and them, you’ll get everything worked out eventually.  Who knows, maybe someday Hogwarts will be hooked up with WiFi.”
John let out a watery chuckle and nodded.  “Yeah, I was in a bad spot back then, what with the friends I’d lost, both wizard and Muggle.  The curse in my leg and shot in my shoulder didn’t help.”
They both realised what John said at the same moment and it was John’s turn to go red. Sherlock carefully moved to hold the hand by his mouth, pressing a light kiss to the back of it before clasping it tightly. He cradled it up against his cheek and looked at John with shining eyes. “You…did you mean to say that?”
Before we even had the chance
"My hometown, yeah. Lovely, isn't it? I haven't been back here since the day my parents died, but somehow I still remembered the way, even in the dark." John's voice was hollow, taking on the analytical tone Sherlock recognized from when he reverted into doctor mode to shut off his emotions. Neither spoke as they approached the cottage, but John shot out an arm to bring Sherlock to a halt. "You aren't going in there."
“You also were pretty obviously upset so I was concerned, but thanks.”  John grinned.  “So where’d you go instead?”
“I have to hold on very tight to Papa and make sure I keep my eyes and mouth closed until he says it’s okay,” she recited dutifully.  Sherlock secured her bag over his shoulder as John tossed a handful of powder into the dying fire.  It shot up in the enlarged grate, the green light dancing across the brick.  John kissed both of their cheeks as they walked to stand in front of it.
“Look, Sherlock, it’s done,” John finally said in a coaxing voice.  “I’m sure something interesting will come along soon and you’ll have forgotten this one had even been taken away.”
“That depends entirely on how the next part of the show goes, don’t you think?” Sherlock winked and John’s grin turned hungry as they headed up the stairs, the two of them moving into their appropriate positions easily.
“I found the rose out on the grounds about two months ago,” Sherlock replied as he snuggled against John’s side.  “I brought Neville out and he showed me how to harvest it without ruining it and gave me a recipe for a solution to preserve and suspend it.  He’s been holding on to it in his office for me so you wouldn’t find it.”
The frown knitting Sherlock’s forehead smoothed into surprise.  He sat back in his chair and folded his hands together, waiting for James to continue.  John decided to leave them to it and returned to the kitchen to see after Cecelia.  He found her pounding her waffle remains into her tray and babbling to herself.  John rolled his eyes and grabbed a tea towel to clean her up before starting on his own breakfast.
Sherlock’s face had softened gradually as John spoke, his grip on John slowly tightening.  When he finished, Sherlock dropped his head onto John’s shoulder, his free hand shifting around to rest on John’s stomach.  He felt John sigh and turn his head to breathe in the clean scent of Sherlock’s hair.  They sat in silence together in this way until the sound of someone clearing their throat caused both of their heads to shoot up.
“It’s Professor Longbottom in class, Cecelia,” he muttered when he managed to get her off.  “Or always when it comes to the students.”
If John had expected their day at Diagon Alley to end with the two of them in Sherlock’s bed, he found himself sadly disappointed.  Once all of their purchases were collected, they stopped in the Leaky Cauldron for a late lunch on the way out before heading back to Baker Street.  Sherlock spent the rest of the day cross-legged and leaning against the bottom edge of the sofa, his new collection of wizarding items spread out on the floor before him.  John plopped Cecelia into his lap when it was time to start dinner, and by the time he returned to bring them both in once it was done, he found Cecelia seated happily exactly where John left her as Sherlock showed her a drawing in one of his books.
“Avoiding is such a weak term for what I’ve been attempting to do with you, Doyle.”  Sherlock clenched his fists and found himself hoping that anyone would show up in the corridor and force Doyle to step away.  “Cursing your existence is far more accurate.”
“Nah, mate, this is the real shit!  That is legit fucking
Determination set in place, Sherlock rose to his feet and turned back to John.  “When can we go?”
While Mrs. Hudson returned downstairs to her flat after a smile at her boys, Teddy reached out a hand to grab hold of John’s arm.  John’s brows rose as he allowed Teddy to pull him aside and deeper into the living room.  He could see him shaking almost imperceptibly and reached out a reassuring hand on his shoulder.  “Ted…lad, what is it?  Are you feeling okay?  Jesus, you’re pale…what happened?”
She squeezed his bicep and nodded.  “You always do, lovely.  That’s all we’ve ever asked of you.  You’ll figure it out, just like you always have.  It can’t be any more complicated than when you first started to learn chemistry, right?”
One of my favorite favorite FAVORITE bits of this story is in this chapter, aka John's I love you speech.  Hopefully y'all enjoy it as much as I do.  FYI if I magically have premonitions and that bit about Cecelia ends up happening with Rosie...I apologize.
With a sigh, Greg nodded and slowly made his way to the bedroom.  Sherlock stood watching him silently as he went.  Cecelia pushed herself to her feet and came to stand at his side, glancing between Sherlock and Greg with enormous eyes.  Without breaking his gaze, Sherlock knelt to pick her up and hold her close, stroking her back reassuringly.  She wrapped her arms around his neck and held him tightly, her own small sign of reassurance to him.
“Just let me grab some things for Cecelia and we’ll be off in a flash.”  He passed Cecelia to him and headed upstairs.  Before he had gone very far, Sherlock leaned in close to Cecelia to mutter in her ear.
“Yes, I’m fine, Cecelia,” he said equally quietly.  “Are you getting tired?  We’ve had a long day.”  When she nodded, Sherlock caught John’s attention by stroking his hand.  “I’m taking Cecelia back to our rooms,” he whispered into John’s ear.  Understanding instantly, John smiled and kissed them both.
John found the key first.  A single one, attached to a key ring with nothing more than a circular Union Jack keychain to join it.  He knew from the distinguishing cuts along its side that it wasn’t a spare for the flat, but the slightly rounded triangle design that made up its head was faintly familiar.  At the time he frowned down at it and shoved it into his pocket to continue searching the drawer for the scissors, but later that night as he got ready for bed it jangled back to his attention when his jeans hit the floor.
John couldn’t stop the small smile that crept onto his lips at Sherlock’s response. “Good. Same. It’s…it was for me too. Just wanted to make sure. If we’re going to have to do this, we might as well make sure it’s decent for both of us, right?”
“Hold still,” Sherlock declared and John did as he was told.  Using the hand supported by the coffee table, Sherlock gingerly managed to shift himself into a sitting position up on the sofa.  Once stable, he reached down and hauled John up as well.  As soon as John settled, Sherlock jumped to his feet.
“What happened?” he asked gently, tentatively wrapping an arm around Niall’s shoulders. He slumped even lower, resting his elbows on his knees and burying his hands in his hair.
The afternoon light continued to fade gradually into a brightly painted evening with only the sounds of rustling paper and occasional mutterings of interesting findings interrupting the quiet.  Eventually John pushed away from the table to rub at his tired eyes.  The sky had turned from faintly cloudy that morning to bright, the sunlight peering out from its cover with just enough time to cause a dazzling sunset.  He took a few minutes to watch the giant squid lazily propel itself across the sun dappled surface of the lake, attempting to point it out to Cecelia.  She didn’t seem to mind it, however, having found a more interesting target for her attention in a trio of owls flying up to the owlery.  The pair watched silently for another few minutes, John absentmindedly stroking a thumb down Cecelia’s arm, when muttered grumbling from Sherlock caught his attention.
Sherlock toyed with the bottom edge of his jacket, avoiding looking at John.  “No one has ever shown interest in it before.  Most of the people know consider it frivolous, so I simply decided it was best to keep it to myself.  I don’t indulge often, but it’s useful, particularly when certain…other cravings show themselves.”
“Thanks Da!” she called back without looking up from her colouring.  “Papa helped me with the zip up the back and we made sure my shoes were nice and shiny.  He showed me the wand movements and let me try it and everything!”
Blinking, John cocked his head to the side. “Are you sure? You remember that tonight is – “
That night’s suspects were a pair of women and four men, all fairly innocuous from what John could tell. He did his best to memorise their names and faces as Sherlock designated three of them for him to focus on. Michael Clark, a middle aged banker and recent widower, had been attending every week that involved a gay couple, specifically younger men. Elizabeth Booth, early thirties and from a wealthy family, had paid in advance for tickets for every week, but only showed up for less than half of the actual performances. Finally, Alexander Fitz, a fellow artist who had been producing work throughout London for the last forty years, was a reluctant participant during their first week open but had been so surprised by how much he enjoyed it that he tried to attend as many as he could. By the time John did a quick browse of each of his suspects, one of the guards they met on their first trip there knocked on their door to bring them to the meeting area. Once there, John turned to Sherlock to speak with him before they were no longer allowed.
John ordered his drink, asking for the largest size and extra shots, and attempted to pay, but the barista waved him off.  She nodded at his fatigues and made some comment about thanking him for his service, saying it was on the house.  Nodding and thanking her, John shuffled down to the opposite end of the counter to wait for his drink and pulled out his phone.  He never bothered trying to change it over while he was away, knowing it would be practically pointless when he wouldn’t have the time to use it anyway, and switched it over from airplane mode for the first time in months.  He stared mindlessly down at it as it attempted to revert to its natural state, loading up a few missed calls and texts but nothing he cared about too deeply.  While he waited, however, he was suddenly distracted by a heated argument occurring at the till.
“John?” Sherlock finally spoke, his confusion radiating out in waves just through the single word.  “What is this?”
Dad Holmes' name is a subtle nod to curly dad Steven Moffat.  ;)  Since I don't have access to any magical texts, everything I learned about runes came from
John placed a hand on Sherlock’s cheek, wiping away the remnants of his visible pain and watching as he blinked his eyes back open.  “I don’t know.  I really don’t know, love.  But I genuinely think that your brother regrets what he did and will until the day he dies.  Mycroft’s a dick sometimes, but he really is a good brother.  Coming from someone whose sister has never supported him or done as much for her brother as Mycroft has for you, believe me when I say that I truly believe that.”
The conductor lifted his baton, the older orchestra immediately following his lead.  Sherlock copied them automatically, although Ms. Ingram would be telling their group when it would be time for them to play.  She shot him a grin and nod and he straightened, refusing to lower his violin as the sitting students began the piece.  After a few bars, she motioned for the violinists to get into position for their parts.  Just as the song hit a crescendo, they set their bows to the small bit of string between the bridge and the fine tuners where playing was normally forbidden.  Ms. Ingram waved her hands frantically and the group scrubbed their bows as loud and fast as they could across the strings, the noise they made eerie and obnoxious at the same time.  Their audience shifted in their seats, murmuring at the sudden noise, and Ms. Ingram cut her arm through the air to bring them to a stop.  A few students continued a second too long, but the song continued without any major hitches, their violins jumping in with the appropriate screeching when prompted.  When the conductor brought the piece to an end, their audience reluctantly clapped their appreciation, Sherlock agreeing with the slight frowns and raised eyebrows at the annoying excuses for music their group had added.
On the next Saturday, John texted Lestrade to make sure he didn’t pull Sherlock away on a case and miss their dinner at the Burrow.  He didn’t have any idea exactly who would be there, but he expected the crowd would be fairly large.  Even just with the most immediate family and their spouses, it was likely to be close to twenty people in attendance.
“Niall’s selection is adequate, but I have something a bit more specific in mind,” Sherlock responded quietly. Setting it to the side for the moment, Sherlock knelt on the bed and began to efficiently strip off his trousers. He leaned over John to balance as he shuffled out of each leg individually and, to John’s surprise, the group of onlookers made small noises of surprise. Despite what they were watching, their audience remained fairly silent for the most part every other night and John raised an eyebrow at Sherlock as he straightened. Sherlock’s only response was a broad grin as he swung himself over John, arse in John’s face, and started to work on his trousers as well. John quickly realised what caused their surprise and openly groaned.
“Drink this and then I’ll see after those scratches on your face.  I don’t know if you’re up to it yet, but I’d like to look over your front to make sure you haven’t been hurt too badly.”
James shifted them aside with an encouraging hand on John’s shoulder, getting past to approach Mycroft.  As he stepped closer, Mycroft straightened his shoulders and smiled up at him.  James didn’t move to touch him, but he settled himself close to Mycroft’s side.  His hands dug deep into his trouser pockets and he returned Mycroft’s smile.
John jerked his head in the direction of the Leaky, stuffing his hands down deep into his trouser pockets.  “Not now, no.  I figure I ought to stop in for a bit, give Tom a proper hello since it’s been so long.  I’ll be round later to see if I can help.  I imagine you’ve mostly got a few hours of mind palace thinking on now anyway.”
“But how?  Why?  It’s signed with a completely different initial, it can’t possibly be him.”
Slumping back onto the bed, John tried to catch his breath. As he ran a hand through the mess on his stomach, he blinked his eyes open to stare up at Sherlock. His eyes were blown to the point where he couldn’t even see the colour in them and the subdued lighting turned his flushed skin almost golden. He was panting just as hard as John, though his cock hung tall and heavy between his legs. John made to wrap a hand around it, but Sherlock reached down to grab his hand before he reached it.
John flinched when he said the word, all of the confirmation on the men’s identities solidified more than enough for him.  He pulled at Sherlock’s collar to bring his ear close to John’s lips, allowing him to hardly even breathe to be heard.  “Out.  Now.  The both of us.  We’ve seen enough.”  Sherlock pulled out of John’s hold and waved him away, eagerly moving forward to continue listening.  As he did, a few curls snagged in the branch directly in front of his face, causing an echoing crack that sounded like a bomb in the near quiet.  The three men in the clearing jumped to their feet in a rush, the unmistakable shape of wands pointing in their direction.
“Okay?” he asked quietly, stroking one of his cheekbones to reassure him.  Sherlock’s eyes darted into the hall before meeting John’s again.  He gave him a small nod and John grinned before sliding his hand back down to hold Sherlock’s and guide him inside.
“Keep me posted on absolutely everything that happens, Harry,
The fake Doyle pulled Cecelia roughly to her feet, pulling her along in a tight grip by her arm as he began to march toward them.  He made sure to keep her angled toward the steep edge, stopping either John or Sherlock from making any abrupt movements to snatch her back.  Doyle stopped a few feet in front of Sherlock, closer than made John comfortable, and grinned up at him ferociously.  “Don’t you recognise me, boys?  I suppose you can’t be expected to recall everyone you’ve ever come up against, but I so hoped I had made a mark on you, however small.  We were part of your first magical case, after all.”
“Did you think I’d be enough of an idiot not to disguise myself?”  Jones laughed, his expression quickly growing more maddened.  “Aren’t you the one who said there was no such thing as coincidences?  I’ve always been particularly adept at transfiguration…it was simple work for me to move on from boring inanimate objects and animals to my own appearance.  You may have seen me lurking about often enough, Sherlock, but never in the same disguise.  And not even you are skilled enough to see through a transfigured man who has been working at it for years.”
“Lestrade has already been sending me cases by post, if that’s what you were thinking,” Sherlock replied without opening his eyes.  John smiled and kissed his nose and both eyelids before moving to his lips.
“Not at all.  The password is highland pride.  Take as long as you need.”
Sherlock nodded and cradled the warm mug in both hands when John passed it over.  He remained silent until he was halfway through his drink, setting it aside and knocking the blanket off his shoulders.  “We need to take pictures of everything before you heal it.  Harry will need them if he’s doing an investigation.”
“And what could possibly make you think I would listen to your advice now given all of your previously unsuccessful attempts?”
John nodded.  “Can I see it?”
“We don’t know how it could have happened, sir…there were five of us on him, no windows, the only door guarded and locked.  He didn’t have his wand since Rhodes still has it – there’s no way he could have gotten out, not without someone seeing, but the room’s completely empty.”
“Of course, I’ll have Havens and Faulkner take you themselves.”  Williams waved over a pair of men a touch older than Sherlock and John.  The two came over as quick as they could through the crowd of Aurors, but the expressions of perplexity and slight fear on their faces were obvious to all of them.  The fear only increased when they saw their Head of Department accompanying the three other visitors.
The man’s eyes narrowed, but he sent John a tight nod.  John replied with a nod of his own before glancing at the empty seat behind him.  Before he could think better of it, John hopped out of his row and into the one across the aisle from the man, settling himself on the very edge of the seat with most of his body leaning out in the walkway.  The man frowned but uncurled himself from the tight ball he’d mashed himself into in the corner and turned himself slightly toward John.  Taking it as a good sign, John waved a hand at the pocket where the man’s mobile lay.
John approached him as he spoke and sat gingerly on the arm of his chair.  Reaching out a hand, he ran it through Sherlock’s curls.  “You should have said something right away.  I’ve already put up enough shields and safeguards around the entire building to make the Ministry jealous.  If anything were to happen to her, or you, my wand would let me know in an instant.  Even when I’m not here, the shields are connected directly to it so that if there was ever a problem, I’d know right away.”  Sherlock leaned into John’s touch and he felt the tension in his scalp ease.  “Now that you’ve got a wand too, I can connect it to the network I’ve set up.  No way is anything going to happen without either of us knowing instantly.”
“Could it have gotten lost?” Sherlock asked John, turning bright eyes on him.  “Maybe I was supposed to go to Hogwarts and something stopped the letter from reaching me.”
John's home on leave and all he's really looking forward to is a cup of coffee.  Too bad some strange bloke in Costa's going to make it more complicated.
Sherlock lay on the bed with his back to the door, still in his suit jacket and shoes.  Cecelia’s monitor, which John had returned to the side table closest to the door before they left, was gone.  When John stepped further into the room, he realized Sherlock had it on the bed in front of him, fiddling with it while listening to the noises of Cecelia sleeping.  He stroked the side of it as she mumbled, the noise crackling over the monitor, and let out a sigh as his mobile buzzed again.
“I’m fully aware of how busy you both are, particularly now with this development between you two and your magic, but don’t you dare take that as an excuse not to come by more often,” she scolded as she pulled back.  “I’ll not have you both living only a few hours away and never stopping around!  And for goodness’ sake, bring Cecelia next time.  We haven’t seen that darling child nearly enough since she’s been born and that is simply unacceptable.”
“Long story.  You set here?”
“Tonks?”  Sherlock’s forehead crinkled as he cringed.  “That’s not a name I’ve come across in the books, at least not yet.”
“I prefer him to Doyle,” Sherlock muttered only loud enough for John to hear.  They situated Cecelia between them and John pulled out Sherlock’s chair so he could whisper in his ear as he sat.
“I, ah, use them to help me get to sleep sometimes,” Sherlock hurried to explain. “They help me fall asleep when I can’t stop thinking, and since my brain gets bored easily, I have to use a variety – “
Sherlock glanced down the street to where the wand shop sat.  “Yes.  Just Ollivanders now.”
Having come to his decision, he shot John a small smile and squeezed his hand.  Their conversation turned to lighter topics until Rosmerta brought over their food.  John dug into his pie while Sherlock picked at his fish, taking tiny bites in between tearing it into smaller pieces.  Sherlock felt John trying to meet his eyes but focused on his food, unwilling to continue their previous discussion despite how much he could tell John wanted to pry further.  He felt a fissure of guilt settle in his stomach at having apparently ruined their pleasant evening and sought something to lift the atmosphere.  Just as he decided to give it a shot, John jumped and dug around in his pocket.
“Not even I can see everything, as my darling older brother loves to point out,” Sherlock scowled, impatience rising.  “What are you refusing to tell me, Professor McGonagall?”
Sherlock hummed his agreement and pushed into John’s touch.  “Was it also your intention to set my brother and the major up when you concocted your scheme or merely a happy happenstance?”
John nodded once gruffly. "May I see it? The Mark?"
“I’m well aware of your skills, as is Harry, but he knows you have a life outside of our world now, one with friends and a family.  He simply doesn’t wish for you to become a victim to these individuals a second time if he can help it.”
"Where in the ever living fuck…Sherlock! Did you snitch that in Azkaban? I swear to God if that is Harry bloody Potter's wand – "
“Looks like Dracula, or a vampire,” John said with a shrug.  “So you didn’t come in fancy dress?”
Sherlock pulled away and beamed, sliding his wand out of his sleeve.  “I didn’t get it anywhere, I made it.  Orchideous osiria!”  Rather than the usual bouquet the spell produced, a single rose sprang from the tip of his wand.  He offered it to John with a shrug.  “I haven’t been able to do it exactly right yet, but I’ve been working on it.  I wanted to learn it since it was one of the first spells you ever showed me, right after you told me about being a wizard.”
Sherlock chuckled as they untangled themselves. His face twisted into a grimace as he took in John’s sticky front. “That will be uncomfortable. Sorry.”
John barked out a laugh and placed a peck on his lips.  “I’d love nothing better, but we’ve got an incredibly active baby who’d love nothing better than to interrupt whatever we might get up to.  Don’t think she needs to be traumatized by her dads going at it quite this early in her life.”
“Something feels off here,” John said with a huff.  “How’d they even find Mycroft in the first place if he’s not got any immediate connection to the world?  I mean, sure, if his name was chosen by the quill with a question mark it would make sense, but all this?  It’d be more reasonable to ask you if they asked any Holmes, since you’ve at least got magic.”
Her face lit up and she scrambled to her feet.  Instead of searching under the tree, she ran back into her room, coming back with two packages in her hand.  She handed one to each of them and returned to the tree to find their presents for each other.
Inside were various necessities for a night of pleasure, all of it still in the original packaging. “Normally we encourage our couples to bring whatever personal items they’d like to use in order to make the experience as natural and comfortable for them as possible, but seeing as you two aren’t actually together, I just bought some of the usual for now. Anything in particular you’d like, just let me know beforehand, or if you find something you want you can bring it in and we’ll refund you whatever it cost. Whatever’s left after the week’s out, you’re welcome to take.” Niall shot them both a glance, his eyebrow raised suggestively. John rolled his eyes before reaching inside to grab a container of lube to study it.
By the time John finished reading the final message, the mobile began buzzing in his hand with a call, Sherlock’s picture popping up in the middle of the screen.  Grinning to himself, John swiped to answer.
Sherlock’s eyes slowly opened as he smiled up at John.  “Happy Christmas, John.”
John ghosted a trio of kisses over Sherlock’s lips, barely letting their skin brush against each other, before ducking under his arm and snatching up Sherlock’s bag.  He tossed it on the bed and started to rummage through it, soon uncovering a familiar brown bag.  Chuckling, he turned back to face Sherlock and dangled the bag in front of him.
“So I just have to speak the name of where I’m going?” Sherlock said, leaning down to peer into the fireplace.
Sherlock slept better that night than he had in days.  He and John fell asleep wrapped around each other, the moon blocked out by the curtains of their four poster.  When Sherlock finally woke up, he knew instantly it was long past breakfast.  John’s side of the bed had grown cold hours ago, the small part in the curtain where he climbed out creating a small slice of high sun across the sheets.  Sherlock sprawled across the centre of the bed, groaning low in his throat as his back cracked.  Unwilling to fully wake up quite yet, he pulled the covers up around his head and snuggled into them with a grin.  Peaking an eye open, he noticed a shape on his side table.  He opened the other eye and snuck an arm out to push the curtain aside.
He wore a high collared black shirt that reminded John of the dresses Victorian women wore in mourning, the long sleeves pulling tight at his wrists with a slight ruffle. Once it reached his waist, it flowed out around his hips in larger layers of ruffles that hit him mid thigh before becoming one long swath of fabric down to the floor behind him. The parts below his waist were a vertical striped pattern of black and white that matched John’s waistcoat perfectly. What most surprised John was that the front of the shirt cinched in at his stomach before spreading open like a jacket, revealing a tight and tiny pair of shorts. Only a small portion of his ivory thighs was visible, however, as he wore a pair of tall thigh high socks in a shimmering black. The final piece, which almost made John moan openly when he noticed them, were a pair of short heeled boots in pearl white.
Swallowing thickly, Sherlock’s eyes fell closed again. “I can’t. I can’t trust myself. It’s to do with feelings and I can’t trust that I’m reading it all right.”
Sherlock led John to his desk, shuffling through the mess in search of something.  Hardly any part of the desk itself was visible through the notebooks, papers, and assignments that were scattered across it.  He soon found whatever it was he was looking for and turned to rest his bum against the desk’s edge as he looked it over.  John attempted not to stare at him too hard but given the sly little smirk Sherlock shot him over the top of the paper, he suspected he wasn’t entirely successful.
A book and a bit of singing later, Cecelia was fast asleep with her mobile spinning lazily above her.  John crept out in silence and shut the door with a noiseless click.  When he slipped down the stairs, he entered the main part of the flat through the kitchen door, intent on getting himself tea before rejoining Sherlock wherever he was.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sherlock, this may be exactly what we’re looking for.”  Flipping it around, he shoved it into Sherlock’s face.  He watched as Sherlock read the title and lower the book, his expression excited.
“Let’s solve the case first, then we’ll see how things go,” John replied with a wink. Niall fanned himself as he passed through into the dressing room and John laughed before turning back to address Sherlock properly. “Anyone in particular I should talk to tonight? You have permission to speak at any time; I won’t put that condition in this time since we can’t talk to each other during the mingling anyway.”
“Because this time it is for John’s sake.”  Sherlock’s head shot up for the first time since Mycroft entered, his eyes narrowing at the man with suspicion.  Mycroft held his gaze, his expression as serious and closed as ever.  “If you truly care for Dr. Watson, Sherlock, you’ll let him alone in this one thing.  If John had wished to disclose this information regarding his past with you, he would have by now.  Listen to me when I say that you are delving into information far beyond your current understanding.”
With a shrug, Sherlock plucked at one of the violin’s strings.  “Halloween’s silly.  I’m not going.”
John watched them both carefully when he was around, Sherlock in particular.  Sherlock knew it was out of worry, but that didn’t stop him from feeling as though he was an animal on display at a zoo.  Hoping it sprouted mostly from worry, he made sure to tell John where he was going any time they were apart to ease his uncertainty.  Gradually they both grew more comfortable in the castle again, until Sherlock was able to venture out into its corridors alone without his head shouting at him in panic at every noise.
“Not all Slytherins are evil.  Not all Sherlocks are psychopaths.  Or sociopaths, for that matter.”
at taking care of her.  I mean, obviously I only know what you’ve told me and what I’ve seen on your blog, but it just seems so out of character.  How’d he get so good with kids, anyway?  For Merlin’s sake, she adores him as much as she does you, and she’s not even a year old yet!”
“I apologise for what you saw,” Sherlock said quietly. “I normally film when I know you’re away but when you came back early – “
“Not off the top of my head, but I’ll let you know when I see what you’ve got. I’m sure whatever you’ll want to use will be fine.” Smiling, Sherlock nodded again and returned to his study of the knife.
Across the man’s forehead was a faint etching, hardly even distinguishable between the other more random scarring.  John knelt on the opposite side of the body, fingers desperately groping in his pockets for his own set of latex gloves.  His hands visibly shook as he took the man’s face out of Sherlock’s grasp, pushing up the scraggly brown hair on his forehead and leaning in closer.  Written in a jagged scrawl, John could just make out a word scratched into the man’s flesh.
As soon as Sherlock had something solid to push against, he planted his heels into the mattress and shoved John’s finger the rest of the way in.  John choked on a gasp and searched for his calf, finding and grasping it in a steadying grip.  After he had twisted and thrust it to loosen the muscles a bit, John slid a second in, his fingers leaving marks where he held Sherlock’s leg.  He soon managed three and glanced up at Sherlock’s face for confirmation he was doing well.  His mouth hung open, panting breaths sneaking out between licks to his lips, and his eyes were clenched closed in concentration.  John took the moment of Sherlock’s full focus to feel around and find his prostate, dancing each of his fingertips over it one at a time.
“I’m not sure.  There are only a few other classes that might be of interest and still follow Da’s requirements…”
They both pulled out their wands and lit the tips, creating an enormous circle of light in front of them.  Gradually, one petal after another, they made their way through the forest, the light overhead growing darker from both the thick trees and the approaching evening.  John felt more uneasy the deeper into the forest they went, fear for both them and Cecelia growing to clutch desperately at his chest.  He never was really sure what sorts of creatures lurked in the Forbidden Forest, but he, like most students, had been told enough stories to make him wary to find out.  As Sherlock forged ahead, John wondered if Sherlock’s lack of experience with what they could encounter there was an advantage or not.
“John,” he whined, his bottom half pushing into John’s while his top moved away to yank at clothing.  “John,
A shot of light lit up the sitting room, weaker than if John had done the same and flickering slightly but undeniably there. Sherlock’s focus was locked on the ray of light, but John chose to watch Sherlock. His face was a mixture of confusion and amazement, the excitement of a young child radiating off of him in waves. The expression made him look years younger, smoothing out the lines that had begun to form along his eyes and forehead and enhancing his natural beauty. John caught the line of thought his mind was wandering down and shook it off quickly. His focus returned to his wand in Sherlock’s hand.
He kept his plan simple this time, still planning with Albus and Scorpius to look after Cecelia for them.  Neither of them had classes after lunch on Thursdays, so on an afternoon in April John led Cecelia down to the Slytherin common room after lunch had finished.  He met them outside of the entrance, both of them too filled with the brightness of incoming spring to stay trapped in the underground rooms for an entire afternoon.  After warning them to stay away from the lake where he and Sherlock would be, he set off to find Sherlock and drag him outside.
True night had fallen when they landed down silently, obscuring any relevant details of where they might be. Sherlock held John's elbows as John held his, glancing around him in an attempt to take in the scenery. They were outdoors, about a mile or so away from the outline of what looked like a small town. The hilly landscape sloped down towards the coast, which could just be made out from the occasional blink of a lighthouse beacon. Though it was summer, the breeze that broke across from the water had a chill to it, bringing with it a crisp, salty tang that the Thames always lacked. Sherlock could faintly make out the sounds drifting up from the small town, people closing their shops for the night and saying their farewells. As he watched, streetlights began flickering into life, lining the twisting roads with faint dots of yellow.
Sherlock, meanwhile, made the decision the moment John left the pub to give him five minutes before following.  He didn’t know whether Doyle noticed John leaving and didn’t wish to find out.  The sooner he got back to the flat with John and Cecelia, comfortable and content in their pyjamas before the fire, the happier he would be.  Knowing John would be able to tell how little he ate by the noises of his hungry stomach, he resigned himself to eating as much as he could before the five minutes were up.  He was halfway through his pile of chips when Doyle sat across from him, pushing John’s plate away to make room for his refilled glass.
“I dreaded the arrival of the letter, understandably, but the lack of anything at all was even more alarming.  I knew it to be my fault and was selfishly grateful Sherlock had no idea what he had lost.  He hadn’t a clue what could have been, potentially halted due to my own childish foolishness, and I decided then that the best way I could make up for what I had done was to help him learn to defeat the same emotions that had defeated me five years before.”
!”  John laughed and began to properly fill all of their plates.
John gaped at Teddy, who stood part stunned and part amazed watching Sherlock as he strode over to situate himself in his armchair.  “Right, that’s creepy,” he remarked with a snort.  “Awesome, but mostly creepy.  Seriously, I haven’t even picked out the ring!”
With Cecelia’s nappy freshly changed, John skipped down the stairs with her just as Molly was walking up the main steps.  She turned around from her place at the door at the sound of John approaching and Cecelia squealed at her, her arms waving in John’s face in excitement.  Molly smiled warmly at her, completely ignoring John, and reached out a hand to her.
“Has it even occurred to you to inquire from me about what you’re looking for?” Mycroft asked with an air of doting frustration he often found himself using around his brother.  “I am, as you do so love to point out, a minor figure of the British government.”
, but we’ll manage it somehow.  We need to get out there and find out what this is about.”
“Precisely!  The only thing stopping me from making the magic work is my own head!  If I can get over my own fear and belief that it won’t work, I think I can allow it to do what it’s already trying to accomplish rather than blocking it.”
Greg and Molly smiled at each other and John left them to their happy glow as he went to pour drinks for everyone.  By the time he got back, they were situated on the sofa, and Mycroft and James were just walking in.  Instantly Cecelia rushed to the door and stood before Thor, who waited patiently at James’ feet for the appropriate command.  The second James unhooked the leash, the two were playing together on the floor.  Within minutes, everyone was settled comfortably throughout the room, chatting amicably together.
“Get anywhere with the sample on the note?” John asked, coming to sit across from him in his own chair. Sherlock’s face twisted in annoyance and he shook his head.
“While typically that is the case, concessions have been made due to the circumstances.  It’s useful this all came about while school wasn’t in session so that the professors could take the time to alter the charms around the grounds.  Obviously once you arrive, certain rules will be set in place to ensure that you…don’t inflict too much mayhem on the property or towards the professors.  You’ll be expected to be on your absolute best behavior, Sherlock; though the thought is nightmare inducing, I am not afraid to take you away if you cause too much mischief and secure you in one of my own personal bunkers.”
John’s brows furrowed as he moved his hand down to rub Sherlock’s shoulders lightly. “How did they usually help you down from your drop?”
Raising a brow, John looked down at Sherlock.  “Did he now.  How d’you mean?”
“I just…haven’t been inclined to leave much recently.  I behave like this sometimes, John, you know that.  I’m simply inclined more towards solitude at the moment.”
John stared at him open mouthed for a long moment before a corner of his mouth turned up in a grin. He let out a disbelieving laugh as he pushed himself up and over to his desk. Sherlock peered at him through his fringe, his stomach dropping as he waited for John to inevitably run out of the room in disgust. Instead, John grabbed his laptop and returned to Sherlock’s side, shuffling close to him as he pulled up his own page. Once it loaded, he shoved it at Sherlock, nodding in encouragement when Sherlock furrowed his brow.
Sherlock hummed in pleasure at the word and rubbed his hand down to push his palm against one of John’s nipples. “Perhaps we can…collaborate, then. On our individual platforms. I know my followers would be intrigued by something new.”
A touch of pink appeared high across Sherlock’s forehead and he pulled away to look down at his feet.  “Ah…about that.  There’s not actually a case.”
“Hmm, yes, a shame.”  He stalked up to Sherlock, forcing himself into his space so that they stood chest to chest.  “How about you go get all of that set up for us while I unpack?  I’d like to take advantage of that particular amenity as soon as humanly possible.”
She clapped excitedly as Neville straightened.  “Come on, let me introduce you to everyone,” he said as he guided them up the steps.  Their arrival had been subtly watched by those at the table, who gave them their full attention by the time they stood before everyone.  “This is John Watson, for those of you who haven’t met him before, our new Healer.  He’s just arrived with his partner, Sherlock Holmes, and their daughter, Cecelia.”
“Check.”
Sherlock fluffed his hair in frustration, his wand comically sticking up into the air as he did.  “I can feel it, as odd as it sounds, and it wants to work, I just can’t seem to get it to do what I say.  It’s as though we’re trying to scream at each other through a solid wall; we want it to work and it’s just not happening.”
"They knew they could use your particular skill set," Sherlock added. He wasn't even sure if she knew he was there, but her vacant persona didn't falter at his statement.
That damn, piece of shit dressing gown.
John studied his face with a small frown, reading him in a way only he seemed able.  Nodding sharply, he released Sherlock’s shoulders to take his hand instead.  “Okay.  I trust you, and your instincts.  Let’s go.”
Teddy interrupted John’s thoughts with a prod at his good shoulder.  “So all this metamorphmagus discussion is about that case Harry’s on, right?  The one that they think is connected to your mum and dad’s deaths?”
“Not just me, Papa,” Cecelia piped in.  “Both of us.”
“I’m sorry,” Sherlock eventually mumbled into John’s chest.  “Today was…difficult.”
“You’re a strong man, Gregory Lestrade.”  Greg grinned weakly at the comment.  “I’m sorry I walked away, it just was too much.  First getting contacted by Hogwarts, then finding out Mrs. Hudson already knew about us, and everyone else…”
John shook his head, but his cheek pushed into Sherlock’s touch.  “I can’t…if I hadn’t married her…”  Sherlock stopped his words by pulling him into a sweet kiss, resting their foreheads together to breathe each other’s air in.  John’s forehead furrowed against Sherlock’s and he sighed.  He pulled away and his eyes were shimmering as he looked into Sherlock’s.  “Let me help make the memories better?”
John rolled away from where he had been hovering over Sherlock to sink into the mattress instead.  He let out a second groan, this one in contented comfort, as he settled further down into the sheets.  “Oh hell, you weren’t kidding.  I never thought I’d experience a bed better than the one you picked out back home.”
“I would’ve loved to see his face when that happened.”  Greg stared down at his lap for a moment before shooting John a frown of indecision.  “Are…they alive?  Rodolphus or…anyone else?”
Cecelia let out a disgruntled squeak and pounded a fist on the plastic arm of her car seat, demanding John’s attention.  From his other pocket, he grabbed a plastic container of her favourite cereal, snapping the lid off and setting it on the seat beside him.  With one eye on Cecelia and one on his mobile, he held the snack out close enough for her to reach it while simultaneously typing out a slow response.
to find out you’re encouraging her to ask for the things that she’s not intended to have.  All that Santa does is encourage children to get their hopes up only to have them destroyed on Christmas morning.”
Almost a month after classes first began, Sherlock once again meandered into the library in search of something to engage him.  He had discovered a new area of the library that he hadn’t known about during his first visit to Hogwarts years before that seemed to be predominantly ignored by most of the students and staff.  Much of the information was long outdated, but Sherlock was pleased to see at least some wizards had attempted to combine Muggle technology with magic and write books about it.  He holed himself up in the small corner of the library, hoping it would give him some insight on a project he had to bring the internet to Hogwarts.
They set off to the studio in silence, John with the rolled up rope they would be using in a discrete bag. Sherlock looked calm, but John suspected that his indifferent expression hid a touch of anxiety. His fingers drummed on the seat between them while his knee jittered constantly, his face set forward to stare out the front window through the partition. Hoping to calm him slightly, John reached his hand out to place it over Sherlock’s, stopping the unconscious movement. His knee halted in its restless tapping as he turned to look at John in surprise. John didn’t turn to meet his eyes, but he gave his fingers a reassuring squeeze. Neither of them spoke, but Sherlock seemed to calm under John’s touch and didn’t pull away.
“What?”  John struggled to fight past his increasing fear to try and make sense of Sherlock’s line of thought.  “The first time I brought you any roses was at the flat years ago.”
“What do you mean, moved it on to someone higher?  You’re one of the only halfway decent DIs in this city, a fact they are more than aware of – there isn’t anyone bloody higher to pass it off to!  How can they possibly dangle such a fascinating case
“At least the audience will be getting their money’s worth.” Sherlock coughed and waved towards the stairs. “We’d best go down.”
"Evil he might have been, John, but you have to admit his power was impressive," Mary pressed on. Sherlock suspected he may soon have to physically hold John back from attacking her. "He was evil, true, but his power was great. I may not know how I felt on his beliefs, but that much at least is hard to deny."
“Awful, honestly.  You said Cecelia’s with Slughorn?”
“This is about more than just the magic, isn’t it?” John asked.  Sherlock winced and looked away, shame flushing his cheeks.  John squeezed his wrist and guided his face back up with a gentle hand.  “What is it, love?  What’s going on in there?”
Sunday found Sherlock in his mind palace for most of the day and John attempting to distract himself from his nerves. Niall’s selection of costumes was vast and all beautifully made, confirming John’s suspicion that he made most if not all of them himself. He didn’t know much about steampunk style, but a quick internet search and a browse of their available items helped him come up with a few ideas he thought might be decent. He left the bag of goods in the sitting room for Sherlock to choose what he’d like to use, but as far as John could tell, he’d ignored it. Mentally shrugging it off in the expectation that he’d get to it eventually, John took what he wanted from it and left the rest for Sherlock.
“I should have known you’d be starting me off right away with questions.”  John stretched, a tiny sliver of skin showing at his midriff as he reached up to release a crick in his shoulder.  He tossed his blanket aside and strolled into the kitchen to set the kettle to boil.  “Yes, there are four Houses – Gryffindor, Ravenclaw, Hufflepuff, and Slytherin.  They’re named after the founders.”
“Of course we will,” John replied, glancing up at Sherlock.  “Cecelia ought to see the place where Sherlock grew up.”
“You’ve always been more inclined toward that particular flower,” Sherlock noted as he came forward to stand at John’s side and stroke one of the petals.
As John and Sherlock followed Cecelia, Albus, and Scorpius into the Hogsmeade Weasley joke shop, John wondered if he should take advantage of the two boys and their longstanding offer to look after Cecelia when they needed it.  He knew their unofficial anniversary, the day they first met in Barts and really became Sherlock and John, was approaching, and despite the fact that the students would long since have returned by then, surely he could spare an afternoon to propose to his boyfriend.  The students couldn’t get in too much trouble on a Wednesday in late January, so John pulled Scorpius aside while Sherlock was distracted showing Cecelia a new potion George had developed and asked what he thought about an afternoon of Cecelia watching.  Scorpius excitedly agreed and John made plans to drop her off at the Slytherin common room after their last class on the 29
“Ghosts are unable to experience any form of physical pleasure,” Adler cut in, having turned completely around in her seat to stare Sherlock down, “except the ability to somewhat taste rotten food. And they are also able to fly and go through walls.”
John had put two and two together by now. This was Mycroft. It had to be. The family resemblance was there, and the shiny Head Boy pin attached to his green-lined robes was easy to spot. Knowing the identity of the mystery man made him somewhat less intimidating, and John tried to muster up his courage, thinking of how disappointed his dad would be if he found out that John had been pushed around by someone like this.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Leave me alone.”
“It’s fine. No need to be sorry.” The professor gave him a kind smile, the one that always made Sherlock melt. The man was head of Gryffindor house, which was known to be Slytherin’s fiercest competition when it came to the house cup. And yet he was always so nice to Sherlock, even today, when Sherlock was meant to be being punished.
Sherlock stopped his copying and looked to the professor, whose eyes were studying him from head to foot. It felt like his gaze was searing Sherlock’s flesh, and a pleasurable shiver ran up Sherlock’s spine.
“Alright?” Professor Watson asked, and Sherlock gasped, “Yes.”
And he watched as Sherlock bit back a smile, lifting his textbook to hide his face.
“One with a bit more cursing, to be frank.” The two boys looked at each other for a moment, and then they both began laughing loudly, enough that they earned a disgruntled “shoosh” from the Ravenclaw girl. The boys quieted their laughing to snickers.
“I’m a high-functioning sociopath.”
“Don’t insult me. I’m far more intelligent than a genius.”
Sherlock’s surprise gave way, becoming indignant as his deductive skills were called into question. “Of course I did!”
“Not really, no. Really, I had expected to be sorted into Ravenclaw, but I’d never put any importance into which house I was sorted into. Really, it doesn’t particularly matter which house you’re sorted into. Or at least that’s how I felt about it. It isn’t as though the sorting hat believing me to be Slytherin changes my enjoyment of knowledge and learning.”
“But where do I find a tutor this late into the year?”
“Bloody hell. That was amazing.”
“I never said that.” The words came quick to John’s lips, before he’d even known that he was going to say it. He felt his cheeks flush hot, but he wasn’t sure if it was from embarrassment or the way it looked as though the professor was undressing him with his eyes.
The smile dropped from John’s face, and he blinked twice in shock. Sherlock wondered if perhaps that was not the correct question to ask, but he figured there was no turning back now.
“Right. Well, I didn’t quite catch your name. What was it, again?”
“Do you think so?”
“Well, I’ve another class coming in soon, and I’m sure you’ve got other commitments as well. So…”
“Right…” Professor Holmes watched John carefully for a few more moments before nodding slowly. “Well, I’m very busy. As I’m sure you’ve heard, I work as a consulting Auror for the Ministry. They come to me whenever they’re out of their depth, which is always. The only reason I took this teaching position is because my brother is the Headmaster here—I trust that even you figured that out.”
“He threw it right over my head. That’s what’ll lose us the cup.”
, did he want it—but he was afraid that his inexperience would be too obvious.
“Anything from the trolley, dears?” asked the kindly old woman pushing the sweets cart as she slid open their compartment door. Sherlock shook his head, but John jumped up excitedly, pulling a small bag of money out of his pocket. He ended up ordering two pumpkin pasties, cauldron cakes, boxes of Bertie Bott’s Every Flavor Beans, and chocolate frogs. He then gave one of each to Sherlock, who looked up at John with surprise, unused to any type of kindness.
Lestrade sighed, scratching the back of his neck as he thought about this. “I just… This is OWL year for me, you know? I’ve got to be able to study with people if I want a chance in hell to pass my tests.”
“Where were you shot?”
The anatomy course was split into two sections: lecture and lab. On Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays they met in a large lecture hall, where it was nearly impossible to single a person out. That must have been why Sherlock hadn’t noticed the boy on their first day of class. But on Tuesdays and Thursdays they had labs, and each student was assigned a specific lab time (because the class was so large and the lab could not accommodate that many people at once). With the drastically smaller number of people, Sherlock spotted the boy almost as soon as he had walked in.
“It’s big gossip in the Hogwarts rumor mill. Sherlock Holmes actually has a
Sherlock grimaced. “
“God, Janine, can you keep it in your pants for one bloody day?”
John hesitated, shifting his gaze to Sherlock as well. “He’s, uh… I actually don’t know.”
“Very good—”
“What do you mean you don’t know? How can you not know?”
“Boyfriend?”
. John couldn’t fathom what the boy could be frightened
When it was finally time for everybody to turn in for the night, John made to follow his house prefect. However, a hand grabbed hold of his shoulder, stopping him in his tracks.
“Congratulations, you are able to observe,” Sherlock snapped.
Sherlock tensed. Perhaps he had been wrong in believing that the boy’s grip had no malicious intent. After all, whenever anybody stopped Sherlock to talk about his brother, it usually ended up in Sherlock being punched or hexed in some way.
John sniffed and tried to discretely wipe the tears from his eyes. “Nothing. Just sitting here.”
“Power connection. There’s scuff marks around the edge of it, which indicates that his hands were shaking every time he went to plug it in. You never see a sober man’s phone with it, never see a drunk’s without it.
know that?”
John snickered beside Sherlock, and the corner of Sherlock’s mouth twitched upward, pleased that he’d been able to make John laugh. Even Lestrade was fighting back a smile at the affronted look on Anderson’s face.
“It’s funny. My dear brother seems to have taken a liking to you.” The man stood up now, and he absolutely towered over John’s eleven-year-old self. John couldn’t keep himself from taking a hesitant step back. “The thing is, in his twelve years on this earth, I’ve never seen him even try to make friends with someone. I watched as mummy arranged playdate after playdate with other children throughout his early childhood, and none stuck. So what is it about you that caught and held his attention?”
If you find you’re full of wit
The smile returned, and Sherlock’s knees felt weak. “In that case, can you transfer these notes over to the blackboard while I work on tomorrow’s lesson plan?” The man held up a piece of parchment, and Sherlock stepped forward and grabbed it, his long, slender fingers barely brushing against the professor’s stouter ones. A jolt ran up Sherlock’s arm at the contact.
“No, John earned an invitation by being significantly less of an idiot than you or anyone else in this school.”
When the train arrived at the Hogsmead station, John’s fear made a reappearance. He nervously straightened his robes as Sherlock led him off the train and onto the platform.
“What’s your family like? What do you want to be?”
“I think it’s best if we don’t discuss this anymore.”
The professor stared at John for a moment, and then shook his head. “No, no, that can’t be right.”
“I suppose.”
Sherlock finally looked up at John through his long, dark eyelashes. John had been amazed at the color of his lab partner’s eyes the second he’d seen them. They were blue and green and grey all at once.
This turned John on more than anything else up until this point, and he quickly pulled Professor Holmes back to him with a force that surprised even himself. Their lips met again, and now John let himself go completely, rocking his hips up against the professor’s leg, sending jolts of pleasure down his cock each time he did so. This went on for about a minute, and then suddenly he was shocked to find his arms empty and his lips moving against air. His eyes shot open, and he stared around the empty dungeon, confused for a moment, before he felt the tug at his belt.
“Why not?”
Professor’s orders.
Sherlock was startled from his daydream, and felt heat rising up his neck and to his cheeks. Awkwardly, he cleared his throat.
John’s curiosity about this mystery brother was satiated one day, though, when he was cornered by two rather pretty sixth year Slytherin girls. He had been on his way to the library to meet up with Sherlock when they had stepped out from either end of the otherwise—and oddly—empty corridor. John had originally thought nothing of it, until one of the girls blocked his way and the other came up uncomfortably close behind him. Nervously, he’d grabbed his wand and tried to remember any spell that he’d learned in the past few months here at Hogwarts that could help him, but in the moment every single spell left his head save for “Alohamora,” and that wouldn’t do him much good unless the girls were cornering him in order to ask him to unlock a door for them.
John decided that it wasn’t worth it to argue any further. So, instead, he asked, “When’s your next class?”
“Sherlock? That’s an interesting name.”
“Your… Your what?”
“I’m Sherlock Holmes.”
He wondered how long it would last.
“For a genius, you are a bit daft, aren’t you?”
Though if you consider yourself
“Your brother. He…” John didn’t even know what to say. How could he even explain what had just happened to him? He felt like he’d just taken part in some muggle spy movie.
“It’s alright. But anyway, I don’t actually know if I’m supposed to be sitting here,” John said, casting a nervous glance at all of the glares he was receiving from Sherlock’s fellow Slytherins. “I just wanted to say hi is all.”
“I’ll be your friend,” John offered shyly, sitting down once more across from Sherlock.
“Not remotely. I can tell that she has a form of anxiety since her fingernails are bitten down to the quick. Nail biting is a nervous habit, and to chew them to the point of bleeding (which I can tell they recently have by the flecks of blood on the nails themselves) signals a severe nervous disorder, most likely anxiety of some kind.
“Piss off.”
“Out of the way, freak,” a fifth year Slytherin growled as he shoved past Sherlock, who was working on lifting his rather heavy trunk onto the Hogwarts Express. The shove caused Sherlock to lose his grip on the trunk, and it fell very painfully onto his foot. Sherlock winced and yanked his foot out from under the weight, cursing under his breath. It was 10:57, and since the train always left precisely at 11:00 Sherlock put all of his effort into getting his trunk onto the train. After a few more minutes of struggling he succeeded, right as the train whistle blew and the train began to move.
And just so that you will know too
And really rather smart,
“What?”
“He told me about my parent’s divorce before I even knew about it,” Greg chuckled, but Sally glared at him.
“Well why not? Don’t you want all of the ladies fawning over you?” Lestrade asked in what Sherlock assumed was a teasing manner, although he could never quite tell when someone was joking with him.
John nodded. “Yeah, it’s really great here so far. I’m excited to start classes.”
“With all due respect, sir,” John interrupted, and the professor looked no less than floored that he was being cut off, “I have a fairly decent comprehension of the text, and my attention span is… well, I think it’s above average. Today was just an unusual circumstance.”
When the name Mike Stamford was called, the overweight boy that the blond boy had been talking to made his way to a table, and Sherlock observed as the blond boy’s lips twitched downward ever so slightly. Obviously he’d been hoping to be paired with his friend, which Sherlock thought was somewhat absurd. The odds hadn’t been in his favor with a group this large. It was already statistically impressive that they’d even ended up in the same lab hour.
“’Ello there. What’s yer name, then?” Hagrid asked.
John nodded, as if this were all perfectly normal to him. “It was Afghanistan, for the record. Do you know anything else about me, then?”
Once the professor was satisfied that Sherlock would be able to take him without much issue, his three fingers slid out of Sherlock’s arse and his dick was lined up with the hole. Sherlock sucked in a deep breath, holding it and trying his best to keep himself as loose and relaxed as possible…
“So… So thanks, but no thanks,” John said, pushing the pouch across the desk toward Mycroft, feeling as though the action was necessary to prove his point. Mycroft slowly, deliberately picked up the pouch and dropped it back into the drawer, his eyes never leaving John, who was feeling quite proud of himself for standing up against Mycroft.
“What class do you have next?”
John was trembling by the time the girl had finished pacing, and he watched with wide, terrified eyes as an ornate door materialized on the wall opposite the tapestry. The girl who had been pacing walked over and opened the door, and the other led him into the mysterious room beyond.
The bruising kiss gave way to light, sweet pecks, which gave way to the two of them on the ground, Sherlock on his back and the professor hovering over him, with their foreheads pressed together and neither moving. They stayed like this for a while, but then, finally, the professor sighed and stood up, shattering the serenity. Sherlock opened his eyes and sat up, watching as the professor pulled on his pants and trousers. Then, the man grabbed his wand and said, “Accio rag,” which summoned a cloth of some kind from the professor’s office. He then cast the aguamenti spell on it and tossed the now damp rag to Sherlock, who used it to wipe the professor’s cum from his stomach.
And if you still are not quite sure
Timidly, the first year drug his own trunk into the compartment and then sat down across from Sherlock. The boy’s feet didn’t even touch the floor.
This tripped the professor up a bit. “What do you mean?”
But, in reality, it was the boy’s eyes.
That made Sherlock’s laughter stop short. “What?”
“Indeed.”
To be cunning and quite clever
Sherlock’s eyes peered up at him over the edge of his book. “Where are you going?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock ended his speech abruptly, and John sat shell-shocked for a few moments before saying, “You only got one thing wrong.”
“John?” a voice asked from the entrance of the corridor, and John looked up to see Sherlock standing there, his head slightly cocked in curiosity. “What are you doing?”
Molly looked a bit hurt by this, and John gave Sherlock a scolding look. “Because I’ve been wanting to introduce you in person but just haven’t had the chance.”
“I, uh…” The man licked his lips nervously and cast his eyes to the blackboard, as if he was afraid to look at Sherlock now. “I don’t suppose you’d be interested in doing that again, would you?”
John slowly reached out and picked up the pouch, glancing inside and blanching at the amount of galleons filling it. Then he placed it back on the desk and said, “You don’t have to pay me to be friends with him.”
“P… Professor, I…” Sherlock breathed. He was about to cum, he knew it, and apparently so did Professor Watson, who pulled away with a shake of his head.
“What are you doing?” Sherlock asked, glancing around as if expecting someone to wrestle the Hufflepuff boy from the Slytherin table. Indeed, a few Slytherins appeared to be disgruntled by the fact that someone with a yellow tie was sullying their sea of green.
Sherlock sighed. “What was it? Was it the dog? I knew that one was a wild guess, but I had hoped—”
That seemed to be all of the invitation the professor needed.
“You wouldn’t happen to be the son of Reginald Watson, would you?” Professor McGonagall asked, and John nodded excitedly. “I remember him well. Very bright young boy, top of his class. He was a bit arrogant sometimes, and had a knack for getting into trouble, but all in all he was a good student. Married Valerie Turner if I’m not mistaken?”
“Professor Holmes, am I doing this right?” a high, flirtatious voice asked from across the room. John looked up to see Janine Hawkins, a Ravenclaw and a fellow seventh year, practically batting her eyelashes at the young potions master. The man, as usual, seemed impervious—and possibly somewhat ignorant—to her advances as he walked over and looked into her simmering cauldron, a single eyebrow arched.
“Trying to make yourself look good for Professor Watson?”
Donovan snorted and grabbed Anderson’s arm, saying, “We don’t need to deal with this. Let’s go sit with the Gryffindors, Phil.” Then, to Lestrade, she asked, “Greg, you coming?”
“Your comprehension of the text is abysmal at best and you don’t seem to have the attention span necessary to—”
. Then his mind emptied as the professor’s lips worked John’s open and his tongue slid into John’s mouth. John gave an involuntary gasp, and the professor took advantage of this, pushing in ever farther. He then backed John up into the edge of the desk and slid a knee between John’s thighs.
“Do what?” Sherlock looked over the blackboard, wondering if he’d done something wrong.
“Don’t worry, I’ll walk with you and we can tell Professor Snape that you were lost. I’m his best student, so he’ll forgive you as long as I’m there to excuse you.”
“Oh,” John said, blushing. “Right. Of course. Yes. Sorry.”
John watched as Professor Holmes paced around the dungeon slowly, his hands clasped behind his back, long black robe flowing. His mop of curly brown hair hung down over his thick brown eyebrows, which were, in turn, furrowed over his ever-changing eyes. Just as John was about to shout at the man to stop torturing him and just get on with it, the man turned startlingly fast and marched over to stand in front of where John sat. John stared up at the professor with wide, blue eyes, leaning back a bit on his stool so that he wasn’t craning his neck to look meet the professor’s gaze. Well, he would have met the professor’s gaze, if his gaze had stood still. Instead, it flickered all over the place at lightning speed, from John’s right shoulder to his tie to his pants to his shoes back up to his hand that was clutching his wand and then finally lingering on his lips for a fraction of a second longer than everywhere else before coming up to meet his eyes.
“Hey, hey, calm down,” Greg said, throwing an arm around John’s shoulders. “Sally just likes to throw around accusations. I’ve talked to Sherlock, and he seems like a decent guy. Odd, but nice enough. Don’t let her get to you.”
There it was. The one thing John had known would happen since that blasted sorting hat had shouted the word ‘Hufflepuff.’ ‘Oh, I never expected Reginald Watson’s boy to be in Hufflepuff.’ He’d pictured how many people would say it to him, all of the different emotions they would have while they said it—from shock to pity—and worst of all, he’d pictured his father’s embarrassment when these things were said in front of him.
Sherlock pushed away the urge to smile. Although he was sure that, at any moment, this boy would prove himself to be just as trite and dull as any other university student, in this instant he was actually quite charming. Sherlock wasn’t used to being charmed, and he decided that he didn’t like it one bit.
“No, no, I… Yes. Food would be good.”
Once the class was over, Sherlock made to get out of the room as quickly as possible, but of course Adler managed to catch up with him before he was even two steps out the door. She always liked to gloat over her self-appointed victory after their debates, even though she didn’t even hold a match to Sherlock’s intellect. He always made a point to ignore her as he walked to his next class, eyes trained straight ahead, refusing to even glance at her light blue eyes.
John stared at Sherlock for a second before asking, “How do you know those things about her? Do you know her?”
“Funny, you haven’t mentioned her before now. Why is that?”
“I’m aware. The professor just said your name.”
Then Slytherin is your true house
Sherlock rolled his eyes and finally looked up from his textbook, beginning to say “I’m Sherl—” but stuttering as he realized exactly how blue his lab partner’s eyes really were. And how they crinkled up at the corners when he smiled. And how soft his blond hair looked. He then forced himself to snap out of the hypnosis, clearing his throat and trying once again, a look of disinterest plastered onto his face. “I’m Sherlock.”
Sherlock accepted her handshake simply as an excuse to shut her up. “Yes, hello.”
“That… was…” John searched for the right word. “Amazing.”
He was only startled out of his reading trance when his class schedule was placed in front of him. Somewhat disinterested, he read over it before turning his attention back to his textbook. However, he was shocked to notice someone sitting almost uncomfortably close to him, resting their elbow on his open book. Sherlock looked up in surprise to see John sitting there, grinning widely at him.
John nodded, and tried the name on his tongue. “Sherlock…”
They smiled at each other for a moment longer, and then John turned, grabbed his bag and cauldron off of his desk (which still had a large hole melted through it), and walked out the door, casting one last glance over his shoulder at the professor.
“Then what do you think I am?”
“I mean that they’re a distraction to you,” Sherlock sighed.
The thing was, Sherlock had never had anal sex before. Well, he’d never had oral sex before, either. Or any sex, unless you considered sex with one’s own hand to be sex. But anal sex was way different from all of those other kinds of sex. It wasn’t that he didn’t want it—because,
Finally, the professor came, his ejaculate spraying out onto John’s right leg, which was splayed ungracefully between himself and the professor. It was hot and sticky, and John felt his cock twitch in arousal. Once the professor had successfully pleasured himself, he leaned forward and gave John a bruising kiss, pressing their lips together so hard that John was sure his would be swollen tomorrow.
And suddenly the rage evaporated, and John was left with nothing except for those three words.
“You’ll be rather bored, I’m sure,” Sherlock retorted, and Irene gave a snort.
“Digesting slows me down.”
“There’s no need for that. It’s a simple quiz, if you’ve done your homework.” The professor glanced around the room, making sure that everyone’s attention was on him. Sherlock observed the dark circles beneath the man’s eyes and the newest claw mark etched into his throat before quickly flipping through his mental calendar. Of course. There had been a full moon only two days ago. The man must still be recovering from his transformation into a werewolf.
“I’m pleased to have made your acquaintance, Mr. Watson,” Mycroft said after a moment. “It was interesting to witness the depth of your loyalty to my brother. A true Hufflepuff, though and through, I suppose.” John’s stomach sunk at these words.
Hesitantly, John shuffled his way over to the large man, who looked down at him with twinkling black eyes nearly hidden in the bushy brown hair covering his face.
Sherlock detested Quidditch.
“Is that so?” the professor asked drily. “And what, exactly, made it such an unusual circumstance? Two pretty girls getting in a spat? You wish to become a Healer for St. Mungo’s, correct? Are you implying that this will happen every time two women choose to have it out in front of you?”
John, in fact, hadn’t the faintest clue what Mycroft was talking about.
“Now, if we match all of the pieces of the puzzle up, we come to my final conclusion. Why would you, somebody who clearly wishes to become a doctor and most likely has dreamed of it since he was young, delay your schooling in order to join the army? After all, most young men who join the army tend to want to make a career out of it. Well, it’s not much of a leap to assume that your brother’s drinking has had some negative affect in your family life, and generally speaking it’s usually the man of the household that has some sort of military background. Doctors—or those who aspire to become doctors—have a habit of wanting to fix things that are broken. So you decided to put aside your own desires in order to appease your father, and what better way to do so than to put on a uniform like he did and march out into battle?”
“Yeah, right…” John said, scuffing the toe of his shoe on the stone floor.
“So, I think that we should plan our tutoring sessions for Saturdays at ten in the morning, if that works with you,” the professor said briskly, not meeting John’s eye.
“Brains don’t work like that,” John argued. “You can’t just categorize your thoughts and memories.”
“You are absolutely terrible at potion brewing, Mr. Watson.”
“Red? I figured a proud Hufflepuff would avoid Gryffindor colors at all costs?”
“What year are you?” the younger boy asked, becoming more confident.
“Not yet, you don’t.”
“What? She’s got a point. If the psychopath doesn’t want to be here, then why impose him on all of us?” Anderson argued.
Then you belong in Ravenclaw
Sherlock was finally able to find his voice, and he whispered. “Girlfriend? No. Not really my area.”
A third finger now, scissoring him wider, preparing his hole for entry… Although, based on what Sherlock had felt pressed against him earlier, nothing would be able to prepare him for what was coming.
Sherlock thought for a moment, and then nodded. “I suppose that would be alright.”
Sherlock’s grey-blue eyes searched John’s for any trace of insincerity, but all he saw was an honest eagerness to be Sherlock’s friend. And so Sherlock smiled and said, “I’d like that very much.”
The speaker was an older Gryffindor boy, and he offered his hand out to the incredibly dazed John. After a moment, John accepted the boy’s outstretched hand, and he was pulled to his feet easily. John then made sure that he was steady before saying, “Yeah, I’m fine.”
Sherlock froze, causing two Slytherin fourth years walking behind him to collide with his back. They shoved past him, muttering angrily under their breath, but Sherlock couldn’t care less. He simply stared at Adler, who was smirking at him, arms crossed in self-satisfaction.
Donovan’s lip turned up into a sneer, and she guided Anderson away, casting one last disgusted look over her shoulder before merging with the sea of scarlet and gold. As they disappeared, a small, mousy girl sporting numerous pieces of Hufflepuff apparel appeared at Sherlock’s shoulder, her eyes wide with admiration. He glanced down at her curiously before turning to John and saying, “Who is this and why is she staring at me?”
“How did
“Slytherin.”
“Isn’t it?” Sherlock made sure to make his displeasure in the conversation continuing perfectly clear to the Gryffindor boy.
In any case, Sherlock got no help in getting his trunk onto the train and he most definitely wasn’t getting any help in lugging it to an empty compartment.
“Very,” Sherlock replied, trying to get his own façade back in place. God. So much for the ‘high-functioning sociopath.’ Sociopaths didn’t sigh and whimper like he had.
Sherlock should have known that it was too good to last.
A stern looking woman came into the room after a couple of minutes and introduced herself as Professor McGonagall. She gave a short speech about how houses at Hogwarts were like families, and explained about the point system. Then, finally, she led them into the Great Hall.
As Sherlock moved to get dressed, the bliss started to wear off, and he started to wonder what this had all meant. Had it been a one-time thing? The professor’s way of getting the temptation out of his system? The thought of that made Sherlock’s heart sink a little. He wanted more than a fling. He wanted Professor Watson to be
“About… About what?” John asked.
“Oh?”
“Did he offer you monetary compensation to be my friend?”
John simply stared at Sherlock, who shifted uncomfortably. He shouldn’t have done that. The last time he’d deduced someone to their face they had ended up putting the body bind on him and leaving him in a hidden corridor overnight. Of course, he didn’t believe that John was capable of that—in fact, the odds of John even knowing how to perform the body bind curse were slim—but this was probably a good way to lose his one and only friend.
He had about fifteen minutes before his next class, and so he quickly ducked into a narrow, dark corridor that many people were passing without notice as they walked and chatted with each other. John sank to the floor, pulling his knees to his chest and staring dejectedly at the stone wall across from him, tears leaking one by one from the corners of his eyes. He had tried to be okay with his house placement, but at the moment he hated everything about Hufflepuff and about himself.
“Right. Good.” The professor nodded curtly, gave Sherlock a small smile, and then turned to the blackboard, where he began to finish up the notes he’d been having Sherlock copy. Sherlock turned and left the room, casting one final glance over his shoulder at the professor before stepping out into the corridor, which now felt like a whole new world.
“Excuse me? Did the Whore of Babylon just tell me to ‘keep it in my pants’?” Janine had stood up and was glaring at Irene, who wasn’t even bothering to glower back. Instead, she remained focused on her own potion, which, John noted, looked almost as good as Janine’s.
“Oi, you’re Sherlock, right? Mycroft Holmes’s brother?”
It was becoming harder and harder for Sherlock to keep his impending orgasm at bay, which he tried to relay to the professor, but all he could get out between thrusts and gasps was, “Prof… I’m… Oh… GOD…”
“Oh, yeah, right. Of course.” Satisfied, Sherlock opened the dog-eared textbook and continued reading, but no more than two sentences in John asked, “Are we supposed to have our textbooks read?”
Sherlock stopped abruptly, causing John to stumble. He quickly righted himself and cleared his throat, looking his lab partner over. Sherlock was still avoiding eye contact with him, opting to stare instead at his loafers. The boy was posh, there was no denying that. Everything he wore was clearly designer, from the black slacks to the purple, silky button-up that fit him so well John assumed that it must have been custom-made. It made John feel a bit frumpy, dressed in his own plaid button-down and wool jumper.
, sir.”
“Well, you observed wrong. I’m fine. But thanks for your concern. I’ll see you tomorrow.” And with that, John turned and walked away, hoping he had done so before Sherlock had been able to ‘observe’ the tears glistening in his eyes.
Ah! Greg! That was it.
“Yes, I know what a girlfriend is,” John snapped irritably. “I just don’t understand what that has to do with anything.”
“You’ll see,” said the girl behind him. Her voice was deeper, but equally smooth.
“Oh, Mr. Holmes. I didn’t hear you come in.”
“To be frank, Mr. Watson, I only let you into this class because Geoffrey was quite insistent that you would be an asset, but so far I’ve found you to be subpar at your most impressive.”
“I suppose, though, that I cannot imagine myself in any other house,” Sherlock admitted after a moment. John looked up at him, eyes wide.
“I know it is.” Sherlock didn’t dare to believe that this was happening. He knew that his eyes must be bugging out of his head in disbelief, and he hoped that he didn’t look too much like a deer in the headlights.
The professor shrugged, quirking his mouth into an incredibly sexy crooked grin. “I’ve fantasized about this moment. A lot.”
“What’s that?”
Then a second finger slid in, and the pleasure and pain grew. Once again, he bit his lip to keep from crying out, breathing in and out heavily through his nose.
The room grew quiet, and everybody looked to the hat expectantly. When it opened its mouth and began to sing, it took everything in John to keep from shouting out in surprise and fright. Indeed, a few first years around him jumped and let out a little embarrassed giggle.
“Geoffrey. Geoffrey Lestrade.” Professor Holmes waved his hand dismissively.
That earned an outright laugh from the boy—John—and once again Sherlock had to fight the urge to smile. This wasn’t something that he normally did. He didn’t chat up his lab partners. He always made a point to belittle them to the point of tears within the first five minutes, in order to assert the fact that he would be in charge of any and all assignments and that their input was not only unnecessary, but also unwelcome.
“Because—”
“Alright, very good, you two,” Professor Lupin cut in. “Let’s move on.”
“You’re twelve, how do you know about… that?”
“…quite good.”
“I’m a high-functioning sociopath, Anderson, do your research. And stop talking, you lower the I.Q. of the whole castle.”
“I guess I don’t know my own strength,” the boy laughed, and his companion, a slender girl with curly brown hair, rolled her eyes.
“Nah, have you seen the other teams? Even if they manage to get a few good players at tryouts they’ve got nothing on us.” The boy seemed confident as he spoke, but then seemed to notice that John wasn’t a Gryffindor like them. “Sorry. I mean, everybody has a shot. Gryffindor just seems to have a better one this year. Anyway, I’m Greg.”
“H-Hullo…” the small blond boy stuttered, looking quite terrified. Sherlock simply stared at him, unsure of how to handle this particular situation. The boy continued, “Do you mind if I sit with you?
“Yes. It was…”
“I’ve seen you ignore a kid running around with a book magically clamped onto their nose. You’ll have to come up with a better excuse than that.” This was true. A third year Gryffindor had managed to sneak into the forbidden section of the library when Madam Pince was away from her desk helping someone look for a book. He had emerged screaming at the top of his lungs, the book firmly pinching his nose, running around the library like a chicken with its head cut off. It had taken Madam Pince fifteen minutes to catch the boy, and another five to persuade the book to let him go. All the while, Sherlock had sat with his own nose stuck in a book, albeit much more willingly, and hadn’t even glanced up once to see what the commotion was about. When John had asked him about it later he had seemed genuinely shocked to learn that anything out of the ordinary had been happening around him.
he can be at times. This is simply reassurance that you won’t be deterred by him or his rather unsavory attitude.”
Sherlock had made it perfectly clear that the only reason he was going home for the holiday was because it would upset his mother if he remained at Hogwarts. Otherwise, he insisted, he would be avoiding any interaction with his brother Mycroft at all costs. A brother which John had somehow never met, even after knowing Sherlock for well over two months now. All John knew about this mysterious older brother was that he was a seventh year, Head Boy, and, according to Sherlock, insufferable. John wasn’t completely sure if he believed that last fact, however. Sherlock was known to be strongly opinionated about things, usually to an unreasonable degree.
“Ghosts are sentient beings whose souls remained on the earth after their death either because they feared death—a sentiment I don’t quite understand—or else because they had a strong connection to the location that they haunt. Ghouls are also sentient, but they are living creatures as opposed to apparitions, and they tend to make a frankly obscene amount of noise. They are somewhat dimwitted, and live off of bugs and other household pests, while ghosts do not need sustenance at all. Ghosts—”
“I like your handwriting,” Sherlock said honestly. “It suits you.”
“The way that you hold yourself implies military training. Most uni students don’t stand with such impeccable posture, and the fact that you’re noticeably older than most of us implies that you’ve been away for a while, unable to continue your schooling until now. So, army. Obvious. And your tan. It stops at your wrists, so you’ve obviously been abroad, but not sunbathing. Your limp is quite telling, as well. It’s bad when you walk but you stand like you’ve forgotten about it, which implies that it’s at least party psychosomatic. Psychosomatic limp implies that the circumstances of the injury were traumatic, which then implies that you were wounded in action. Wounded in action plus tan, Afghanistan or Iraq.”
“W-What? But can’t I go with you?” John asked fearfully, gripping Sherlock’s sleeve. Sherlock shook him off, and then gently pushed his new friend towards the giant.
“So what house are you in? I hope to be in Gryffindor like my dad, but my mum was in Ravenclaw, which wouldn’t be too bad, I think. I just don’t want to disappoint either of them. So what house are you?”
“Oh, no, I’m perfectly content to stay right here.” The professor slid one hand onto the back of Sherlock’s neck and pulled him down for one final, sweet kiss. When they broke apart, he said, “I’ll see you in class, Sherlock.”
“Professor,” Sherlock whispered one more time, eyes closed. He felt the man shift above him, and then their lips were pressed together in one more bruising kiss, ensuring that Sherlock’s lips would be puffy and swollen tomorrow. If he’d had any hope of keeping all of this a secret from Irene, it was gone now.
“I can’t say that I understand the appeal, no,” Sherlock replied.
Sherlock shrugged and continued his copying. “Plenty of people have said those things to my face. You’re right—well, almost. I
Now Sherlock looked up, if only so that John could see him roll his eyes. “No, I didn’t look in your phone. I didn’t have to. It was all in plain sight.”
There were four long tables, with tons of students sitting at them, all watching the first years enter. John felt his face growing hot, and was sure that blush was slowly creeping across his cheeks. His eyes skimmed over the faces watching him, but he couldn’t find Sherlock’s face anywhere. Feeling nauseous, he focused his eyes straight ahead at a stool and hat that Professor McGonagall was setting out, wondering what on earth it was for.
“A—” The word came out as a wheeze, and John cleared his throat before continuing. “A small price?”
“No! No, of course not.”
“Really? What year are you?”
“His name’s Sherlock. He’s my friend,” John replied, picking up his class schedule and examining it. He was most excited for Defense Against the Dark Arts, but he didn’t have that until Wednesday afternoon. First thing today, however, he had Transfiguration, which he was also pretty excited for. It would be interesting at the very least.
Most Slytherins tended to sit together in compartments toward the back of the train. However, since Sherlock was not generally accepted amongst them, he simply looked for an empty compartment anywhere. Halfway down the train Sherlock finally found a compartment all to himself. Happily, he settled in and pulled one of his textbooks out for this year that he hadn’t completed reading yet. He was prepared for a peaceful ride when the compartment door slid open. Sherlock looked up from his book, startled, into the brown eyes of what seemed to be a first year student.
“I thought we already established that I’m as new to this as you are.”
“Any minute now,” Lestrade assured him. “Once things kick off, you’ll see just how great Quidditch really is. You’ll be addicted in no time.”
“I’ve never given sexual orientation much thought,” Sherlock replied evenly. Lestrade blanched.
“Will it be starting soon?” Sherlock asked impatiently, eyeing the teams' locker rooms. “I have other things that require my attention today.”
The professor trailed his fingers under John’s layers of shirts and up his torso before slowly sliding back down. “Sherlock. Call me Sherlock. Please.”
“Well… No… I mean, that’s not what I…” John really didn’t like what the professor was implying. Did he really think that John was shallow enough to only have been distracted because the two having a row were women? “It had nothing to do with—”
At first, he tried to convince himself that what caught his attention was the fact that the boy was quite obviously a few years older than most of the students in this class. Not by an incredibly wide margin—at most he was 24 years old. He then told himself that he had noticed the cane, something that most twenty-something uni students didn’t normally possess. Then he silently insisted that it must have been the boy’s obvious army background that made him stare quite unabashedly.
“So you don’t wish that you were in Ravenclaw? Or some other house?”
Professor Watson cocked his head to the side, and his brilliant blue eyes met Sherlock’s. “I haven’t the faintest idea what you are.” Then he gave a small smile and said, “Posh, genius boy with gorgeous eyes and amazing cheekbones, I suppose.”
“No. Maybe a Ravenclaw, but not a Slytherin.”
I know just where to put you,
“Do you like being a Slytherin?”
And then he came, a flash of white blinding him while his cum squirted from him, splattering on the stone floor. It was, by far, the strongest and best orgasm he’d ever had in his life, and as he came he found himself repeating, over and over like a prayer, “Professor… Professor… Professor…”
“Right. And I was just in the boy’s loo because I like the ambiance of the urinals.”
Professor Holmes was by his side in a flash, wand at the ready, and in a matter of moments the foam was gone, the smoke had cleared, and everything was back to normal—aside from the lingering scent of burnt asparagus and the hole in the desk. Everyone was staring at John with wide eyes, the catfight all but forgotten, and John felt his face flush red in embarrassment. Of course this would happen to him. That just seemed to be how this year was going. If he kept this up, there was no way he’d be accepted into St. Mungo’s apprentice program once he graduated (
Sherlock looked up from his book. “I’m impartial to the whole experience.”
“I’m not much for talking about myself,” Sherlock replied, looking out the window at the countryside passing by.
Professor Watson licked his lips, slowly, and then asked, “Do you have a girlfriend, Sherlock?”
Sally rolled her eyes and mounted her broom. “Whatever. Hurry up, we need to get in another hour’s worth of practice before the sun goes down.” As she flew away into the sky, Greg removed his arm from John’s shoulders and gave him a kind smile.
John had always suspected that they weren’t far apart in age, but that didn’t change the taboo of what the man was implying.
John laughed, holding his hands up in surrender. “Alright, alright. I was just making sure that Mike hadn’t put you up to this or something. He thinks he’s funny like that.”
“I…” Sherlock seemed unsure, and John quickly backtracked.
“Yeah!”
“I can’t not help them, Sherlock.”
John then noticed the erection still straining against the professor’s trousers. He nodded to it and asked, “Do you need me to take care of that?” He wasn’t entirely sure if he was ready to give another man a blowjob, but it felt rude to be sucked off and then not offer the same.
And with that, Sherlock led John out of the dark corridor and into the better lit main corridor. John was thankful now that he had befriended Sherlock. Perhaps there was a reason that people didn’t like the boy, but he was nice to John, and that was really all that mattered.
“Girlfriend, Watson, surely you’ve head of them. Humans of the female variety who—”
“Do you have a girlfriend, Mr. Watson?”
He didn’t know what he’d been expecting, but it certainly hadn’t been an office space made completely of grey marble. As he allowed himself to be drug up to the modernist wooden desk, he stared around the room in amazement. It looked to be a very expensive room belonging to a very important person, with eerie orange lights—electric, John noted—mounted to the walls, along with a set of mirrors across from each other. Overhead, what appeared to be sunlight was filtering through a series of square holes cut into the ceiling, forming a checkerboard pattern of sorts. Behind the desk hung the portrait of some woman, who was regally pacing from one side of the frame to the other, watching John with cool, calculating eyes. And she wasn’t the only one. Sitting at the desk was a boy—though, possibly
“Not likely. I’ve seen the way the professor looks at you. You may be hot for teacher, but teacher is even hotter for you.”
to help you in your studies for a small price.”
The professor—it felt a little weird to call him Sherlock now that they weren’t in the throes of passion—studied John’s face for a moment before shaking his head. He then reached down, unbuckled his own belt, and then tugged his trousers and pants down just enough to set his erection free. Then, without breaking eye contact with John, he began wanking himself off, slowly at first, and then picking up speed and rhythm. It was, by far, the hottest thing John had ever seen—and he’d just watched this same man give him a blowie.
“Sherlock.”  They watched Jane colour and hum to herself for a few minutes before Sherlock huffed out a breath.  He shoved his glasses back up his face and waved a hand at his trolley.  “I should probably get back to work.  I’m sorry again for all of that.”
“What did you do, Mycroft?”  Sherlock’s voice shook in his anger and he flexed his fingers on his wand.  Mycroft ignored the offensive position he had taken and took a step closer to Sherlock.  His face, the most open John had ever seen it, was contorted in pain.
“Mudblood,” John whispered, voice quieter than a release of breath.  He scrambled over the body and dove at the next one, ignoring Sherlock’s inquiries as he sought out the scarring on the other victims.  The other two, another man and a woman, each bore the same word as the first man, the insult burned deep into their skin.  John sat back on his ankles, hands shaking slightly while Sherlock fought to bring him back to reality.
“Yes, I’m fine.  I’ve probably just been stuck in here too long.”
If not for the spilled drinks in the doorway, Sherlock might have thought the sight of John staring at him open mouthed and red faced was only a part of the fantasy he created in his head. His eyes darted from the door to his camera, the blinking red RECORD light reassuring him that it was all too real. He caught his breath and let out a shaky sigh, gingerly climbing off his dildo. He went through his usual process of cleaning up in numb silence, stopping his camera and wiping down the toy before storing it all in the locked box under his bed. As he wrapped a dressing gown around his still nude body, he glanced at the mess on the floor. His mouth twisted in disappointment as he grabbed a towel to clean it up.
“Do you have a wand?” Violet asked abruptly.  “Can you actually perform magic?”
daughter.”
“Merlin…all right, take me there.  He can’t have gone far.”  Harry turned back to John and Sherlock, glancing at them each individually with a thin lipped frown.  “I promise you both that we’ll find him.  I don’t know how this could have happened – “
Mary's shoulders lowered as she finally stopped pacing. She turned back toward the water, gaze facing down at the sand below. "You're right, of course you're right. What they were, or rather what they weren't, shouldn't matter. Doesn't matter. But it was done and there isn't anything more I can tell you besides I'm sorry.  Destroying the last of those who did you harm was the best I could do."
“Bellatrix isn’t, but I think Rodolphus is in Azkaban.  I’m sorry, I don’t know anything about your other brother.”
The young man suddenly standing in the sitting room was tall, perhaps a bit shorter than Sherlock, with shoulder length hair pulled back into a casual ponytail.  Sherlock swore when he first saw him that his hair was dark, but as he examined him closer, he began to realize it was a light brownish blonde, similar to John’s but without the gray streaked throughout.  As the two pulled away from each other, Sherlock caught a flash of navy eyes identical to John’s, and if he didn’t know enough about Harry Watson, he would have sworn the man was John’s nephew.
Finally Niall brought their audience upstairs and they had a brief moment to themselves. John stepped up close to Sherlock and instinctively took his hands, craning his head back to look up at him.
“Oh, you are done for now, Watson.  Luckily for you, the cold never bothered me anyway.”  Greg deserted his snowman to make his own snowball.  To John’s surprise, he saw Molly copy his motion, her hands quicker than Greg’s.  Before he even had the chance to finish his, Molly’s was looping through the air and landing with a wet smack on Greg’s forehead.  John burst into laughter, doubling over at the waist as he wheezed over his giggles, and Greg turned a stunned face to Molly.
John’s forehead fell onto Sherlock’s chest and he chuckled, nodding.  “Right, okay, good.”  Without another word, he sank completely into Sherlock until he was flush against him.  He froze in place, letting out a slow breath across Sherlock’s chest and running his hand up to rest on his thigh.  Below him, Sherlock was equally still, his own breath caught in his throat.  His hands remained on John’s arse, simply keeping a steady hold to the cheeks and rubbing his thumb along the skin soothingly.  Eventually John raised his head and looked up at Sherlock.  He was staring down at him already and nodded for John to continue without saying a word.
John sighed and rose to his feet.  “Right, yeah, okay.  Anyway, I’ve been offered a temp job at my old wizarding school and I’m going to take it.  We’ll make arrangements for Mycroft to make sure the rent’s taken care of while we’re gone.  I’m due there in a little less than a month, but we’re planning on having a small do before we leave as a farewell and to explain to the others.  Sherlock and I both thought you ought to be told first.”
As he adjusted his collar against the increasing cold, John resigned himself to another failed attempt to propose.  Something about Doyle seemed to set Sherlock off, although John couldn’t fathom what, despite the knowledge of Sherlock’s connection between him and Moriarty.  Although he hadn’t personally interacted with him very often, each time Doyle seemed friendly enough, and nothing like the criminal they once fought and destroyed.  Yet since the moment they met, Sherlock seemed determined to be antagonistic toward him for no real reason, as far as John could tell.  The knowledge of Sherlock’s uncertainty about Doyle’s similarities to Moriarty went far towards explaining the issue, but John still felt that there was something more he was missing.  He wouldn’t get anything more out of Sherlock until he chose to reveal it, however, so John decided to wait for him to be ready to talk and hope for the best.
The sun attempted to peer around the cliffs behind him to illuminate his way as he ran across the sand, his feet half in and half out of the water.  Goosebumps appeared along his arms and legs as soon as the water splashed up against him.  Although he barely trudged into the ocean itself, his clothes and hair clung to him when he finally came to a stop at his chosen spot.  Dark seaweed collected in enormous, twisted piles that tangled together and nearly stretched from the water’s edge to the rocks.  Amongst them lay pebbles and shells practically begging to be investigated.  Determined to make the most of his adventure, John rolled up the bottoms of his jeans and ventured into the pile.
John started rubbing his thumb along the bottom part of Sherlock’s corset that he could reach, a reminder to him that he was there without speaking. “Oh, he whinges and moans all right, but I can get him to listen to me fairly easily. He knows I’m always doing what’s best for him.” He felt Sherlock shake with silent laughter and couldn’t help but smile.
“My dad tried to teach me Quidditch when I was a kid,” Scorpius said with a grimace.  “It was a disaster.  Physical activity’s never been much of a thing for me.”
The sky had just started to turn cloudy as they left, so John headed back towards home, stopping briefly at Tesco again to pick up necessities.  By the time they’d finished, the sky had opened up to release an enormous fall rainstorm, the water so thick it was nearly impossible to see through it.  John glanced down at Cecelia in her normal jacket without a proper hood and made a quick decision.  Pulling the pram’s short covering over her to protect her as much as he could, he pulled up the collar on his jacket and made a run for the alley right next to the shop.
Sherlock leaned in to hug and kiss her cheek back, the motion one John recognised he did with Mrs. Hudson when he couldn’t find a proper reply.  John wrapped his arm around Sherlock and they waved their farewells before John Apparated them away.
