John stomped down the stairs and out the front door of 221. He knew this was ridiculous. It's just sex! He's had loads of sex in his life, it cant be that complicated to switch up the anatomy. If he were being totally honest with himself, something he almost never was, he knew exactly how to have sex with a man. It was anal. He'd done that. But he didn't know how to go about taking Sherlock's virginity. Sherlock wasn't like other people. One wrong move could send him spiraling into a heroin induced coma, or he could simply not enjoy it and decide to never touch John again. How would that end? Could they ever go back to just being flatmates? Obviously not. He'd absolutely love it if he and Sherlock could just snog eachother to death every day. They were very good at it. But they kept getting turned on. When John was young, and the girls he was with were the same, he had plenty of snoggings that never went anywhere. As he's gotten older, he's acutely aware that if you're gonna shag someone, it usually happens in the first two weeks. As much as he tells Sherlock they should take it slowly, sex was inevitable. They already decided they were in love.
John raised his eyebrows at the comment and tucked it away in his mental checklist of things he needed to poke at later with Sherlock, maybe bring Ella in on it.
“Molly, dear, are you even surprised?” Irene said before bursting back into laughter. “I’m guessing between the eating and the older gentleman, it is a touch bit unusual for you to see Sherlock like that. But tell me , does Sherlock look like he is enjoying himself?”
One day during group at the Trans Youth Program, one of his peers were crying. Willow’s parents still didn’t approve of her doing hormone blockers and she was quickly approaching the tanner stages that meant her only option was cross hormone therapy. Everyone in the group all agreed that was terrible. Ryver suggested that maybe one of them could forge her parent’s signatures, but Dylan, the therapist in charge of the group said, that even if they did that route, there was still the digital record and things like that would make it harder for Willow to access care as she got older. That made William even more interested in records.
“Irene just explained what the peach and eggplant mean, you really should of found one that had both egg plants and peaches, we tend to switch it up quite often,” said Sherlock.
“That will do,” said John as he did his best to start drying Sherlock off. He tried to toss the underwear into the garbage but sherlock insisted on keeping it. “Okay fine Sherlock go around smelling like piss, I am going to feel a little bad for anyone stuck on the train with you.”
John smirked, he unclipped his harness and unbuttoned his trousers, he grabbed Sherlock again by his hair and guided sherlock’s face to his cock. “Go on, you asked permission to suck my cock, and I granted permission. You better snap to it before I make you gag on it.”
John smiled as Sherlock pulled back for breath, “yours.” He moaned as Sherlock kissed him again before rolling off, and standing up. John took Sherlock’s offered hand to help get off his chair. And he place the chair back in proper order. John let himself be steered by Sherlock, into Sherlock’s bedroom.
“Maybe we can make things easier and just get Mycroft back into the car, that way he can meet Ella in person. Save yourself the paperwork,” joked Danny.
“Okay what was it?” Asked John, curious about what Sherlock has to say on the matter because the two of them were still digesting the fact that Ro came out to them. And despite them being happy to find out that their initial fears weren’t what was happening. They were concerned about the fact that Ro was miserable for so long and they didn’t see it.
Sherlock was again lost in thought he wasn’t sure what exactly wanted and things weren’t really about him unless things were going wrong and he couldn’t for the life of him think what was wrong. He didn’t know why John pushed him off. Maybe John thought the punishment wasn’t enough. Maybe he didn’t actually want Sherlock and was having second thoughts on what he wanted and maybe Sherlock wasn’t what he wanted. Maybe...
Papa smiled at William, “that is fine, it’s all fine, but we are going to need to clean this all up first.” Sherlock was able to salvage the pan and cleaned off all the marks caused by the smoke, while William opened all the windows to air out the flat. “William, so who are you making this stuff for?” Sherlock already knew full well it was for Phineas, because the only reason William knew how to make all those things was because of Phineas. Sherlock still was annoyed about the slime explosion in William’s uniform trousers from earlier this year. Sherlock also knew that Phineas’ parents couldn’t stand the stuff becuase Phineas always forgot to close the containers of slime, which alway made a mess. Also it was pink, despite Phineas being a trans boy, Phineas’ favorite color was still pink which he knew was a bit of a point of contention amongst the boys in their trans youth group. He always saw Phineas pulling out the small containers of squish when he was antsy or feeling some strong emotions, Phineas would always barely open the lids and just poke at it a few times and immediately shoved it back into where ever he pulled it from, often times forgetting to close the lid. He had an idea in how William could really knock if out of the park. Sherlock also knew full well that John and him agreed on letting William come to his own conclusions and decide when he wanted to tell them himself. “William do you already have containers to store these little items?”
“Yeah Crystal is fucking great! I mean she rough around the edges and super fucking angry about everything, and can be an ass to some very important people but she’s great,” added Blaze. “I mean she is also a good advocate for her clients. I am sure if she had some formal education we’d have a real formidable force in public health, but she is real good... I mean they are really good at getting shit done but also calling out bullshit. They got a good read on people and whether or not they fit the program.”
She heard a burst of laughter. In that moment Molly said that last sentence with a little bit too much emotion.
“I’d look that up but I think I’d probably just delete that info. Between me not knowing i was a middle child for the past couple decades and the fact that there is no seriously accepted academic articles proving that birth order has an effect on personality and behavior. I am simply not going to waste more of my time and energy looking into that reference” said Sherlock as he brought the tea pot over and placed it on a table out of Rosie’s reach and John placed the tray of food on the center table.
Sherlock shrugged his shoulders, "go ahead John, I keep records of observations of you and Rosie, so i appreciate the reciprocation."
Mycroft sat at his desk, and looked at this appointment book, he wasn't looking forward to his next appointment, it was his parents. He wasn't sure what they wanted because they rarely talk to him since they found out his sister Eurus was still alive. He understood why they were upset but he was only doing what he thought was best, he was sure some day they would understand.  He got up from his desk fixed himself a tea, momentarily thinking of just pouring himself a scotch, but choosing against it. It would probably be the best to be sober for this conversation, he could always drink later.  Instead he dumped an obscene amount of sugar into his tea.
"But for real though, as absurd as it is that you want to visit Eurus, I get it, you didn't really like anyone when you were a kid, and I really don't think you'll be able to put up boundaries with her that would be conducive to her getting out of a program and living a life amongst society. But you feel obligated to at least visit her, will you have company because I can always tag along. I mean I do have to check on our investments in the U.K., so it really wouldn't be hard for me to tag along," said blaze with a smile on his face, that really didn't quite reach his eyes.
Crystal tilted her head to the side, "no, I mean folie au deux is rather serious. Also he isn't in an institution anymore, you made sure of that. And I mean the court order does have it required that we are not allowed in the same state. Why? Did you get a case with one of the kids you stayed with at the Farm? Wait... you said you hated all the other kids except one."
John let out a gasp... he definitely wasn’t planning to do that so soon. He was definitely going to use lube and he wasn’t going to go so fast. Shit, this boy’s ass was tight, he thought. He fought the urge to start pounding away at Sherlock, even though he could feel Sherlock trying to bear down so as to get used to the full feeling. He stroked at Sherlock’s hair, “hey Sherlock, that was a bit fast, I am just going to pull out and we can start all over again if you want.”
Sherlock only laughed harder, and he crawled over to the pile of his clothes and tossed John his underwear.
“Sherlock if you can’t do it, you can either have the really dry hand job and hope things work out or I can help but take away five of your strokes,” said John taking a step forward spreading Sherlock's legs, he leaned in trapping Sherlock’s erection between the two of them.
"We would be paying full price, but there are quite a few private trusts invested in the program, so they said that no matter what cuts happen, they would be able to keep it funded," said Violet.
“I love you, John,” said Sherlock with a smile. He picked up Rosie and carried her to her toddler bed. “And I absolutely love you too Rosie, I hope you don’t ever find yourself doubting that." He gave her a tight hug before putting her into her bed. Sherlock went over to the bookshelf and pulled out a few books and held them up to Rosie.
“Well I wouldn’t care as long as you take whatever you get prescribed,” replied Aithne. “But three meds for managing what you have is actually quite amazing.”
"Okay meet you on the roof, our neighbors already have a strip set up because the kids all have dreams of olympics in fencing or rowing, basically the noise starts early, so the agreement is they let us borrow their equipment sometimes and sometimes we play with the kids. Also do you want foil or sabre?" Asked Ella, as she ascended the stairs leaving Mycroft.
over his arse again and Sherlock squirmed, his heart starting to pound when John continued whacking him, giving him a mild little stingy spanking. Again Sherlock felt his cock start to twitch and he slipped deeper into his head, feeling the welcome stirrings of subspace at the fringes of his consciousness. Over and over the crop hit his bottom and then John stood up,
“Oh—oh God, John.” Sherlock humped his hips forward as well as he could while bound and tied. “That’s, that’s…”
"Ah-ha, lights!" John grabbed the plug poking out of a plastic bag and pulled. It didn't budge. He tugged again, this time peeling the plastic bag away. He pulled the large, tangled lump of fairy lights free and eyed it, biting his lip. How on earth had it gotten so hopelessly tangled? Certainly it wasn't like that when they put it away last year? "This is a mess." He said.
Sherlock watched John leave, opening up the kitchen door and thumping down the steps. He blinked and looked back at the steaming mug on the table. An absurd thought popped unbidden out of a window in his palace:
Once the meal was finished, Sherlock brought his plate to the kitchen and reached for his coat by the door.
John didn’t need anymore urging. He gripped Sherlock’s waist and slid inside, both men groaning as he rocked closer and seated himself, thrusting in and out. “You’re my cheeky boy.” John grunted. He reached down and fondled Sherlock’s cock and the detective shuddered.
John was quiet for a moment. “Fine. But we’re keeping it really simple.” He looked his sub in the eye. “I need this.” He swallowed. “No experiments. No jokes or anything.”
“Mike.” John extended his hand to shake, recognition bouncing through his brain. “Yes, sorry, hello.”
John let out a breath, unsure of what to say. Her soft fingers touched his cheek. She smelled of hand cream and vanilla he looked into her eyes. “He’s tough to live with and can be a stubborn pig headed mule.” She said.
John stood outside the door and watched her retreat into her kitchen and open a drawer, grabbing out a bag of wooden ones. “How many?”
” The Headmaster grabbed his arm and turned him, landing a few more swats on his bum. Sherlock shivered and his cock tingled. “Lines, Mister Holmes.” He pointed at the stool. Sherlock made a face and watched him grab a pencil and a piece of lined paper, setting them down in front of the stool. “Fifty times in your best penmanship: I will not smoke.”
John Watson held the lantern over the map scrawled on the parchment. It was crude, drawn in charcoal and soot and purchased for a pittance. It wasn’t very accurate. Already they’d discovered a river that wasn’t on the map. The lantern's glow sputtered and spit in the breeze from outside the cave they were huddled in.
"Hardly." She smiled. "I've known for weeks he was leaving. Didn’t know 'til this morning you were going with." She picked a severely wrinkled shirt up off the floor. "Oh! What happened to this? Where’s your valet? That lad, what was his name…”
It was an adult roleplay site that sold costumes, props, lingerie and the like. The link was specific to school roleplay and featured tight-abbed models in Headmaster and professor wear. John grinned at the stern looking men and women wearing glasses and bearing canes. He opened up his bookmarks. He’d saved a similar site a couple weeks ago (specific to student outfits, of course) and had wondered if Sherlock would be even remotely interested. It was his wardrobe full of costume pieces that had inspired John’s search for role play (even though the wardrobe items were for cases), and he hadn’t been brave enough to bring it up yet. John sent him the link to his own bookmarked site and heard Sherlock click a couple times. They stared at each other over the tops of their screens.
Sherlock lifted his head as if coming out of a daze. "Mm? Oh. Wash my hair." He leaned back, dipping his hair in the water, his face close to John's. They stared at each other. Sherlock's eyes were stunning up close, all green and blue and silver ice. His lips were plump and dark pink from the heat of the water and steam. John looked away. Certainly Sherlock would take him to bed after this bath. He was clearly aroused.
John sat and Sherlock dropped beside him. “Do you want the leash?” John held up the clip and Sherlock nodded. It was odd to hear him not speak, especially after the manic buzz of the case. The quiet was unusually nice and John knew his soon to be husband was just mellow now that the case was solved and done with. He clipped the leash to the little silver ring on his collar and gulped. This was what he’d fantasized about three months prior when he was alone in his little dark bedsit and imagining the brilliant detective in a collar and leash. He hadn’t thought for a second that Sherlock would be his fiance by now though. He looked even better than John had imagined and his dominance roared happily. He leaned down for a kiss. “You’re amazing, Sherlock. I,” he swallowed. “Thank you.”
“I don’t care.” John put his hands up. “You’re off the case, end of discussion.” He went into the kitchen.
They walked around the park, Sherlock making more deductions about the people and even the vendor selling ice cream (immigrant. Sends money back home to his family. Plays Pinochle every Friday and enjoys cigars). He was halfway through deducing a young couple and their child when he interrupted himself with a delighted laugh. He pushed his coffee into John’s free hand and the dom watched him scurry over to a bush a yank a dead pigeon out into the light.
” He yelled automatically to his sub for help even though Sherlock obviously wouldn’t hear him. His question went, unsurprisingly, unanswered by the suited men and he was manhandled into the back of the black car. The door was slammed and the vehicle instantly sped off. John tore at the door, ripping at the handle so hard it almost came off in his hand. He scrabbled for the lock and found nothing.
"Both of you take my bed." Greg shrugged. "I'll take the sofa." He glanced at the sofa, currently occupied by unwashed clothes. One shove and it'd be clear.
to be information out there about that. He had never really looked into tools or methods that would allow him to better satisfy a lover. He was still exploring his own submission, in a way, and a sort of pleasing warmth filled his chest when he realized that John inspired him to explore these concepts. It wasn’t just about sex and getting off. Being with John was, in a way, calming. The games they played, the crop and the kneeling and the intimate groping were certainly nice and and welcomed, but the simple domestic pleasure of having someone else in his flat was pleasing in a different way. Sherlock would bring the paper in for John and the doctor would make him tea or coffee. John borrowed his card to go to the shops and would then pay cab fare from his own pocket. It was domestic and mundane and all the things he scoffed, but he was quietly realizing that despite the familiarity of it all, it was still highly agreeable. More than he ever would have thought.
“The bin is filled with used tissues—clearly she’s been crying. The sink is filled to the rafters with mugs and dishes, but no pots or pans. She’s having lots of company over but not cooking meals. Given the take away menus strewn about and the whole general mess of the place, she’s ordering food to be delivered—of course she is, she’s mourning. She doesn’t want to cook. People she’s close to and comfortable with have been coming over with meals too and acting as moral support in her time of loss. And she’s wearing one of Dixon’s shirts.”
Sherlock had the best signature that day. Despite the sourdough being just a basic loaf, he wowed the judges with the fact that he'd managed to create a starter and bake it in only a matter of hours.
He realized this was hardly going to be the last time he came back to his bed shaking and suffering. Christ. His future stretched out before him, drab and grey. Meals and sleep were punctuated only by sporadic bouts of doctoring the other concubines, forced sex with strangers, and periodic vicious assaults by Moriarty. There would be no joy or love, only desperation, anxiety, and brutal monotony. Tears that had nothing to do with his current pain sprang to his eyes. That wasn't a life and he was horrified to think of it as his own.
Dixon’s limbs had been found, badly hacked. No traces of any kind of toxin were found and his dom, Alicia, had been distraught. Owen Allsopp had a couple of wealthy dominants who liked to spoil him. Soil from The Broads was found in his pockets, suggesting that the killer may have dumped the body in the river. The murderer had used way too much Flunitrazepam on Owen, so much so that it may have killed him. Vincent Coel, Owen’s dominant, hadn’t been too upset by his sub’s death. He was also a horny bastard. Jenkins remembered the strange clothes, the garlic and onion scents. He’d been found wandering along the side of the road in Ferndale. Searches of the area hadn’t yielded anything since Jenkins didn’t know where he’d escaped from. He’d lost a great deal of blood and had been nearly hacked to bits, given all the bandages on his body in hospital. His fast metabolism likely saved him.
John took one more fortifying breath and Sherlock gulped, trying not to tremble. Seeing John get so…so,
“No.” John mumbled. “Not yet. Do you have any idea where he could have gone? You’ve known him longer than I have.”
“Go to my box.” John said. He knew if he got on the floor himself, his muscles would seize and he’d never make it back up. Sherlock pulled out the wooden box and opened it up.
"Johnny." He said. His tone was warm and welcoming. He shifted his gaze to the guard and his tone hardened. "Go."
John looked pleasantly surprised, as did Greg. "Yeah, sure." He said. "No problem at all. Feel better. Thanks for the breakfast, John."
in sand. The flowers were dried and when mixed with water would make a slick soap. Jars of fine sand were available for scrubbing. There were never enough towels and John quickly grabbed two, passing one to Molly. They each grabbed a bucket and waited their turn at the pump.
Lovely, he was yelling at people who weren’t even here. John sighed and stepped around him to the kitchen to make some tea. One more shrill growl and John heard him collapse on the sofa. He then immediately set on kicking his feet against the sofa arm in a rhythmic
“Oh God.” John let Sherlock go as if he’d been scalded. His sub was breathing hard, eyes wide, and John felt his own heart beating like a bass drum. “Sherlock.” He breathed, glancing him over. “I, oh God…I hurt you.”
The detective sat up and pulled his laptop onto his thighs and clacked away, his hand coming back and now and then to stroke John or rub his shoulder or simply rest in his hair as he read a webpage. After half an hour of comfortable silence, Sherlock wondered if he should have John do something else. He wasn’t in the mood for tea or coffee. Would John want to be hit? He frowned and looked down at the man at his knee. A few marks always helped him nudge further into subspace, but John seemed to be doing fine on his own. He wasn’t sure how hard to hit. His dom wasn’t one of the corpses in the morgue that could unlimited blows. How many hits could John take? He didn’t want to hurt him. How did John know how many times to whip him with the crop or smack his bottom? He supposed that’s what the safeword was for. If John’s judgment was incorrect and Sherlock wanted the activity to stop, then he could stop it. He, the submissive, had the control.
“Advice?” She offered. “Take each day as it comes. Also? Don’t get attached to anyone or anything here. Not to the concubines and definitely do not get attached to the guests.”
"I'll be right back." She jogged out of the bedroom, her hard leather armor creaking and jangling. Sherlock moaned into his pillows. It must have been a bad batch of opium. Dealers and growers laced their wares with inferior matter or chemical compounds. The high would come on faster but the crash,
“And I have a problem with big idiots like you who try to start shit for no reason.” John said. He anticipated the punch but he didn’t anticipate Buck’s mates appearing out of the ether to back him up. After that John’s memory of the ensuing fight was blurry. He remembered punching Buck before getting slammed in the solar plexus. John kneed a groin and a fist pummeled across his eye. Huge armor-clad arms yanking him away from the fray, shouting, swearing A thwack to the left bicep with a club made him yelp.
“Look at this.” John added quietly, earnestly. “Look how we’re both acting. You clearly want to kneel, and I…well.”
Sherlock read through the results and pulled out his phone to double check data. Two texts. He ignored them for the moment and thumbed into his soil sample catalog.
“—having sex, dear. I apologize for that. In the future,” she lowered her voice as if anyone would overhear and be scandalized, “you can just tell me to bugger off while you, well, get buggered.” She laughed at her own joke and squeezed his hand and Sherlock’s mouth dropped open. “Say hello to John for me and don’t be a stranger.” She kissed his cheek and went down the steps. Sherlock stood there for a few moments and pushed the door closed with his foot.
“Good. Jefferey’s dom is called Alicia Dunn. They were engaged to be married. She works at the same car dealer ship Jeff did.”
John got his first good look at the Prince and his brows rose. Holmes was handsome. He hadn't been expecting that at all. Some monarchs were blessed with a lucky birth and and not much else. Sherlock though had been blessed with this plus the physical gifts of high cheekbones, a svelte body, lovely hair, a gorgeous deep voice, and frankly breathtaking eyes. John wondered if he was married and following that, wondered how many lovers he cycled through on the side. Loads probably.
Fabric rustled as Sherlock moved slowly behind him and got out of the bed. John listened to him walk across the bedroom and down the hall to the kitchen. The faucet ran for a moment and Sherlock returned with a glass of water. He handed it to John and the doctor gratefully accepted. He drank the whole thing and tried not to shake too badly. That was the second time he’d dreamt about Sherlock dead in his dreams. What did it mean? Anything? Did his subconscious think his sub was going to die? Sherlock took the empty cup and put it aside, then briskly tugged the pillowcase off John’s pillow. John wondered why for a second, then he realized his face was wet. Christ, he’d been crying in his sleep. He wiped his eyes as Sherlock dropped the case in the clothes hamper and found a new dry one. He slipped it over John’s pillow and got back on his side of the bed, laying down with his hand outstretched in invitation.
“Fine.” John clenched his fist. “Just trying to be friendly. It can be rough, I know, getting out of
"It's still in the air, John!" Sherlock got up and stepped out of the tub. He sniffed his forearm. "Now
“Faster.” John prompted. Sherlock leaned up a bit and thrust in and out of his dom, finding the rhythm and just enjoying himself. He liked this, but he was still pretty sure that he preferred being on the bottom, so to speak. He looked down at John’s head.
He finished his bath and put a heavy robe on. He went bare footed to the other room and stood by the fire, examining the arrow again. It was almost certainly poisoned. Any common resin could be mixed with a deadly plant extract or snake venom. He knew of exotic poisons as well from the tropical climes. Frogs that seeped poison from their skin and massive insects with deadly stingers, not to mention the myriad things in the oceans that could end a life. There was no shortage of poisons and Sherlock was certain that someone really determined could get their hands on anything. Given the commonality of the rest of the arrow he was going to reasonably assume that the poison was local as well. Something from a plant maybe. He didn't know of any venomous creatures in Hibern (but if they did exist he was going to take a pair home and breed them). Sherlock was plenty familiar with Britannia's flora. He knew what poisons could be made from what and which things were safe, but Hibern's plants were unfamiliar territory. He needed to ask someone who was a Hibern native. Someone who knew about plants and herbs. He didn't trust anyone Moriarty employed here any further than he could throw them. There was, however, someone who came to mind.
"Well, well." Jim's smile grew. "Do my eyes deceive me or do I have John Watson, the highwaymen Captain extraordinaire, in my cells?"
“Hey.” He stroked his fingers through Sherlock’s curls. “There’s food if you’re hungry. I ordered you Angelo’s. His sub hostess delivered your favorites. They’re in the fridge.”
This was becoming the longest entry he’d ever typed and he was barely halfway through. He found that he genuinely
"Is that still a thing?" Said John laughing, "I mean have these folks found out that Apps are a thing."
And John did put up a fairly admirable resistance to their more painful aspects of sexual encounters, but eventually with a little help from Irene... who surprisingly was a trained psychologist who specialty in sexual dysfunction before she delved into the world of blackmail. So she actually was a very helpful person on all fronts of mediating between John and him. A sudden jolt of pain brought him back into the moment.
John scan the room, taking in the general temperament of the room. He got up and walked to the desk and pulled out his laptop. "Okay how about we write a contract about how we are going to move on for say the next three months. After the three months we can meet again and see what worked and what didn't and re-write the terms using the new info."
Sherlock was at his point gasping with every slap because it only drove him further into John’s lap and his cock received more of that wonderful friction with every slap. He was relieved when he yelled out, “Twenty-Two, Thank you Captain!” He slumped fully into John’s lap and enjoyed John’s gentle caresses to his ass.
“We might as well try it out,” said John, he got up and pulled Sherlock up and out of his seat. They both ran into the bed room for round two.
John looked at Sherlock, unsure of what Sherlock was planning, “Depends on what you want to try,” he said with a small laugh.
Sherlock eventually managed to get stable enough to reach out one handed and picked up the dildo. John’s hand shifted from Sherlock’s mouth to his chest, Sherlock moaned as he was pulled into a kneeling position where he ended up flush against John’s body. John was still pounding into Sherlock with a punishing pace, Sherlock was a bit amused at the slapping of John’s balls against his, the little love taps was almost relaxing in a way.
Eurus stood in the middle of her cell staring at her favorite spot in the ceiling when she heard a familiar set of foot steps. “Hello Mycroft.” She looked forward, the door didn't open yet, “hello Mycroft,” she said again. The door still didn’t open yet, she sighed greeting a person before they came in tend to throw them off, but when this kept happening, now just seemed silly. The door opened, “hello Mycroft,” said Eurus.
“Why would he put up a fight? I mean I enjoy a bit of rough treatment but if he genuinely wanted to fight me, I’d just have to walk away.” Replied Sherlock. “And how is a car relevant in this situation.” He did look a bit confused when, “I don’t know he was different, He wasn’t dull, and he is aesthetically pleasing in my opinion, I had quite the series of orgasms. Never had the urge to see people I have liaisons with again, but we ate breakfast and he is coming over to look at the flat. I mean I am assuming this is what people mean when they like a person and enjoy their company who knows maybe something interesting will come of this.”
“You know loneliness can contribute to relapse right?” Said John rather matter of factly, “why are you so invested because you are sounding like a big brother giving the ‘your break his heart, I break your neck’ speech.” He crossed his arms and smirked.
Sherlock caught up with John, and stepped into his way. Sherlock smiled and looked at John, “Hey sexy, leaving so soon?” Sherlock complemented the statement with a wink.
“They aren’t dangerous people, they are just people who went through trauma and they get fucking locked up because society isn’t willing to deal with the aftermaths of most of the trauma out there. Also I’m not going to lie, I already agreed to meet with Eurus to see if she is a candidate for the program," said Aithne.
John smirked at how easily he made Sherlock make all sorts of sounds, almost like he was as playable as a piano. John looked at Sherlock’s hands and thought maybe Sherlock played it himself. He chuckled when Sherlock bucked when he covered his mouth and nose. “Okay Sherlock, be a good boy and breath when I tell you to.”
Sherlock found the sensation of John cumming in him to be rather interesting, and he found his mind wondering about the potential rates of absorption in the rectal lining and if it is possible in some way that with enough regularity he could have a bit of John in him for ever... or would oral digestion of John’s cum would be a more efficient route. He also wondered why John picked coconut oil as lube when there was clearly packets of surgical lube in his drawer. Maybe it reminded him too much of work, yes maybe that was why. He stopped himself from wondering any further because obviously this was a profound moment for them and John might start to panic over loosing some of his last vestiges of heterosexuality by actually kissing a man at a Pride festival and following it up with fucking that same man. He just realized his eyes were closed, he opened them and looked up at John who was still leaning over him with a look of curiosity, he could feel John softening up inside of him and the slow trickle of John’s cum coming out of him.
Mrs. Hudson laughed, because she knew that a few years back, Sherlock and John got in trouble at two different Tesco's for breaking self check out kiosks. And Mrs. Hudson had to buy milk for Rosie because neither of them was welcome in the markets until they paid for the damages. Sherlock was not too pleased when it went viral on Facebook. They had been ordering groceries online ever since. But Mrs. Hudson didn't mind because going out for groceries was her special time with Rosie.
“Yeah, I may not have dated him, but we both know he tried to ‘accidentally’ confuse me for you back then. We were still using the red:blue system back then too, so the ass should've known,” said Francis while glaring at his brother.
Did you see another roofie being dropped? Is it one of the douchebags with frosted tips? Also my name is Jeanine!” Called out Jeanine as Sherlock started running after John. She strained to see who Sherlock was chasing and was amused to see it was the person who just got the drink to the face. “Oh g-d everything is a fucking emergency to that boy when he is giving a shit.”
“John, the patch that you managed to get stuck to the side of your head is one of my anti-nausea patches, it has an unusual side effect for those who don’t need it,” answer Sherlock as he measured John around the chest. He tried to even out his breathing despite this being the first time in a long time that he was touching John, and despite his best efforts, he did miss this. The casual touches between friends.
“I don’t know John are you planning to be a total cock?” Replied Mike, “But the crossbow harness obscure the logos well enough. You know people would appreciate the chest harnesses a lot more if you don’t wear a shirt.”
Aithne groaned and buried her face in her hands, Blaze was never really good at keeping secrets, but she felt like obligated to her brother to know that she was going to see Eurus because she felt like the info was relevant to him.
Sherlock closed the distance between them, he started with a light touch to the man’s shoulder and the man smirked and pulled Sherlock closer to him, and matched Sherlock in the rocking and gyrating of his hips. Sherlock emboldened ground his ass against the man’s groin and oh boy did he like what he was feeling. It was huge, long and thick, he smirked. Suddenly Sherlock felt a sharp tug, his head snapped back and suddenly their bodies certainly left no room for Jesus. He moaned.
“Okay so you don’t see us as friends, as your former drug dealer/ merchandise fence, with her girlfriend and the bartender who is always looking out for you. We do genuinely care about you,” Said Irene with a smile. “Also at this point we are a little too emotionally invested in seeing you happy.”
"Well if you aren't willing to stop spying on your brother, we would like to bring an outside resource for Eurus. Her name is Dr. Aithne Hunter, she is from University of California, San Francisco, she is a research psychiatrist who is head of a re-entry program for forensic and conserved patients leaving institutions. She would probably be a good person to see Eurus, I am sure you remember the Hunter family," said Violet.
John glared, "sugar, honey, and baking soda are all in the next aisle." He started to push Rosie and the cart over to the baking aisle.
Mycroft was usually very guarded when it came to their parents, almost to the point of walking on egg shells. Not out of fear of physical endangerment, he just didn’t like feeling like he disappointed someone. He always felt weird about the fact that they always treated him like a small adult, when Sherlock and to some extent Eurus had a bit more ability to do things kids do. Maybe it was the age gap, but he felt like he was a third parent and at times the only parent. It wasn’t even like they were gone, it was just they were fairly hands off about parenting in the first place. Sometimes he found himself wondering if he would be the person he is today if it wasn’t for the fact that he felt such a heavy responsibility over his siblings. He took a deep breath, and stared at his parents. “Also dear mother and father, you are a bit slow to act, I mean really what changed that you both have decided to take a more active role in our lives. I mean I thought we were only a holidays family, but here we are on just some random Friday evening, as if we were really truly interested in each other business."
Mike smirked, “yup.” He was mildly pleased with himself over how keen  John seemed to be about Sherlock. Yes, he thought, this could be interesting.
Sherlock handed Rosie to John and smiled at the two of them, “you have to admit it wouldn’t be a bad idea, I mean we have been together longer than a lot of married couples, and we have a relationship that is built on a really solid and battle tested foundation. We are already raising a kid and we did just get a dog. And someone has to use the trust fund my parents set up for any potential grand kids. And it would make things a lot easier if one of us got injured and went to the hospit… I’ll just stop now.”
Violet laughed, "oh you'll see, we can call it an experiment."  Siger smiled and nodded, not being quite sure of what she was thinking of, the combo of "experiment" and laughter was a bit of a worrisome combo, especially when a Holmes was involved.
Violet looked at her son again, no longer concerned, but with an edge of anger. "Okay Mycroft what about when the hyper surveillance and extreme hovering is aimed at one person?"
Sherlock nodded, “Well I am alive, and I need to clean up a bit because he needs to move out of that bed sit, it’s quite miserable and er... maybe he is going to be asked to leave for violating the no overnight visit rule.”
"You wear your coat all the time no matter the weather and you insist on having an absurd amount of comforters on the blanket, I am pretty sure you found a way to squeeze it into your life," said John, "even if you didn't notice." John smiled at Sherlock who was giving him a mildly perplexed look.
It was a couple where they engaged in Pup Play, both husband and wife were research scientists and he actually found himself liking the couple quite well which was a rarity for him, he actually found them to insightful and observant people and some of their published works was ones he enjoyed reading and found useful in the chemical analysis he occasionally found himself doing in pursuit of The Work.
“I cannot let that happen, and you really should consider the offer,” hissed Mycroft lunging for John.
Mycroft sighed, "I don't know but I am sure another thing will swoop by at any moment, that's just how things go."
“Yes sir,” said Sherlock who immediately dropped to his knees, he was looking at John in absolute awe. His pupils were dilated, and he was panting and his cock was straining against his fly.
"I can do that, I'll have to leave him a bit tied up if you know what I mean," said Crystal with a smile.
John smiled at the fact that Sherlock was concerned about Rosie’s well being and looked down at his phone, it was blowing up with messages of congratulations from everyone he knew. His attention turned to Sherlock shouting.
William stared at his Papa, a bit confused, but liked having something to connect him to Papa’s family. “But, Papa, your name is Sherlock, and uncle Mycroft. Do you have a brother named William, you don’t see that much?”
John pulled back and grabbed Sherlock roughly by the shoulders. “When I say all fours I mean it. Center of the bed now and stay on all fours or else this stops. Do you understand?” He waited for Sherlock to comply, and when Sherlock was in position, he grabbed a condom, some lube, and got up on the bed, which was a bit too plus to be standing on, but it would certainly make for good sleep, just a little soft for rough sex. He couldn’t wait any longer. he stroked himself to full hardness and rolled on the condom himself, drizzled some lube on his cock and slathered the excess lube between Sherlock’s ass cheeks and with a great grunt he roughly shoved his cock into Sherlock’s warm hole. He didn’t take his time like he did the night before, he could tell that Sherlock liked it rough and he was willing to give it to him that way as long as no lasting damage was going to happen. John kept still to allow Sherlock some time to adjust.
“Sherlock why would I do that?” asked John as he raised his arms. “Okay Sherlock how are you doing that?”
John offered his hand to Sherlock he took it, and they walked up to the door of the shelter and rang the bell.
“See I told you, just make sure your brother keeps up on his half of the rent,” Said Uncle Rudy, there is a slightly chaotic back ground sounds.
He really didn't like the idea. He looked at her approach to care and scoffed, "trauma informed care with emphasis on harm reduction."  He thought that just meant she was going to be an especially easy target for Eurus to turn. And the thought of having her in a facility full of people who could be just as easy to turn, really didn't feel right. He really didn't like going to deal with a program in a city where he didn't exactly have great access to surveillance. Also he just didn't like the idea of harm reduction, he didn't like it mainly because sure Sherlock took all the precautions to minimize the personal damage the drugs would do to him, but he felt that Sherlock was a little too confident in what her thought he could manage. He never liked showing the list to medical providers when Sherlock needed further care than just a couple shots of Narcan. He really didn't like that Sherlock was the kind of user who was self aware enough to administer Narcan on himself. So he at times didn't even call for help when he needed it. Also there wasn't any Narcan for stimulants, so there wasn't even an easy to administer aid when he was ODing on his drug of choice.
Sherlock smirked at the look of astonishment John had on his face and yelled, “hurry up, so I can suck your cock!”
Terribly sorry, but let me just remind everyone that the consent model John and Sherlock follow is Risk Aware Consensual Kink and the navigate things in the “yes until no” kind of way. Trust me it isn’t for everyone and it is fairly unrealistic for many people to double back flip into this from being a virgin, but yeah this is my imagination... my filthy, terrible, some what questionable imagination
"You're why Moriarty had the info needed to ruin your brother and was implicit on continuing the isolation of your sister in a secret high security jail, one that I am pretty sure shouldn’t exist! Especially when it comes to a ten year old!” Snapped Violet, she looked like she was about to jump out of her seat.
“I’m your dad, that’s why!” said John, still laughing. “And guess what, there’s more; but I am going the stretch them out and use it at just the right moment.”
John glared at Sherlock, "Rosie, don't pick up the habit okay. Biscuits are a sometimes treat and it is not nice to continue doing something after a person tells you to stop."
John smiled, and using the same voice, "good, and if you at up for it I want you to unzip you trousers and to start feeling yourself through you underwear."
John didn’t want to cum by a blow job that only covered the tip; so he pulled Sherlock’s hair roughly to tug him off his cock and slapped him across the face. Sherlock seemed to focus properly after that. “While this was certainly a lovely way to wake up from a nap, I am going to want more than tip getting sucked okay. But before I decide what hole I am going to need to do an inspection, so get on all fours, slut.”
John started laughing, “I must’ve missed it, but at the same time, I feel like the coconut oil would tast better.”
“Yes, John, they were okay, but it can be better,” said Sherlock as he waved his hand towards the giant mood and inspiration board currently splashed all over the sitting room.  “It is so close to being perfect, it just needs just one tweak.” Sherlock knew it was more than a little tweak, he was going to have to start completely from scratch. Sure bless John for trying to be budget conscious, but it truly wasn’t the time, after all you only get married once, well it wasn’t ideal, but it made John happy, and Sherlock would do anything to make John happy.
He decided do just overwhelm all his senses at once, and who knows maybe would be willing to share some party favors when he got there. He needed to go dancing, where every sense was just overpowered by all that lights, sounds, and exchanging of touch. Usually he didn’t like being touched but in that setting he just didn’t care. In the club he found that he couldn’t deduce every single body in the room and with a few drinks and maybe some E, it was almost like he could just be like everyone in the crowded warehouse he rarely wanted to be like them but sometimes it was nice to pass. It was a Saturday, he knew he wasn’t going to have a hard time finding a party, the problem was just finding the right one. He slipped into a pair of leather pants, and a crushed velvet shirt, he knew it was a slightly preposterous combo but he knew it would be one folks would find inviting to touch, he paired it with a belt full of all sorts of interesting textures.
John pulled Sherlock down for a kiss, “well as long as it is Safe, Sane, And Consensual, we are good.”
John suddenly didn’t feel tired anymore, in fact he was the exact opposite of tired. He walked up behind Sherlock and roughly shoved a finger along side Sherlock’s. He pressed down on Sherlock’s prostate a few times to draw out some rather delightful moans from him, which just made it oh so much easier to achieve a hard on. He moved his hands
Toby runs off and finds Mrs. Hudson who is holding onto Rosie, Toby starts running in circles around Mrs. Hudson also guiding her towards Sherlock. Toby leaps up and paws at Sherlock's chest he starts licking at Sherlock's hand again, occasionally barking.
John and Kayla sighed. John remembered that selective memory is indeed a symptom of C-PTSD but sometimes he really wish he knew what caused him to delete stuff because sure he says it frees up space in his mind, but sometimes John wondered if there was more to the stuff that went into what he forgot. Like after the whole Eurus thing, it made sense that Sherlock forgot about how airplanes work. "Okay let's just get a box of tea, some milk, a cake, maybe some sandwiches, ginger nuts, and definitely some sugar because you burnt it all when you wanted to show Rosie ash snakes and she couldn't get enough of them."
Sherlock’s visits pretty much reduced any urges she had kill any of the orderlies or care providers, the boredom was a bit manageable when she was able to know that there was something to look forward to. She really did only kill to remind people that she was still there. She knew that every person she killed meant a cover up had to be done, and people would be missed and others would feel guilty, they left huge craters on the earth when she killed, there was no ignoring her when she killed. She felt that her middle brother was absolutely singular in his attention, that and he liked puzzles so as long as you had his attention you were interesting and she wanted ever so much to be interesting. Weird is only okay when you are infesting and she didn’t just want to be weird... well weirder than she was no, there was no going back at this point. She read the books, she didn't even get a chance, she wasn’t even at the age of reason when they put her away with no hope of returning.
Sherlock strutted down the block following the map on the to warehouse. As he got closer he could feel the strong beats coming through the walls, good he thought, this is loud enough to scrabble his mind for a little bit. Sherlock pushes his way to the make shift bar. “Two corpse revivers with brandy.” He knew the warehouse pretty well, but it always felt different, maybe because the people and music was what made the place remarkable rather than the building itself.
John laughed, “yes, I agree that all goes in the green column.” He pressed a kiss into the back of Sherlock’s laugh as Sherlock joined in on the laughter.
“I am completely yours,” John smiled and pulled Sherlock in for another kiss. He reached out to hold his hand, they proceeded to walk back the 221b Baker St. John couldn’t actually believe this was happening, but it made him immensely happy how fast things changed, and to do it without the awkward conversation made it even better. He was also amused because they
Aithne smiled at her dad, “thanks dad.” She turned to Athina, Joey, Josephine, and Wolf and paused to try and think of a way to explain who Eurus was to them that was simple and not likely to talk about Eurus in a way that made them feel safe about her attempt to take Eurus to her program. “Okay as kids all five of us were sheltered or isolated depending on who you asked, we were raised on the family estate and given that mom’s concern that we weren’t going to get a decent education at the local school because of how dismissive they were of Francis’s need for additional help for dyslexia and Scott’s issues with ADHD and general disinterests in most subjects outside of math, science, and literature, she went with home schooling. Well she wasn't the only family who did the same thing, there was the Holmes family, our moms both worked at the same university and took leave around the same time to raise kids. So there was a chance meeting at the university library when they were both coming in to get books for teaching us. So they arranged a play date. Because they had three kids who rarely had contact with other children and there was the four of us at the time,” Aithne, she shrugged her shoulders and took a sip from her wine glass.
Hiram laughed, “Yes, I do, and for the holidays where their mother comes over, we make a whole day of it. Working with a game plan goes a long way, in divvying up the emotional labor.”
John took a moment to get back into his head and turned to Mike, “is that Sherlock?” He stared at the man in the suit who was no in a bit of an argument with two men, also in line with him.
Andrea took a bite of chow mein, "he wants his brother's case notes and the case notes of his boy friend." She looked at Ella, hoping that she would have a solution.
John and Sherlock shrugged. "Well she's still the dog we want, also Toby’s barking might be with in what she was trained to do,” said John.
Sherlock knew he was pushing it when he asked John to not just cut him but actually stab him, he knew John was hesitant... since after all he was a doctor, and “do no harm” is what most doctors do strive for. When John carefully strapped him down he wasn’t sure what John was going to do with him, and he allowed himself to fully engage in the lack of senses, his skin was absolutely lit with the urge to get something anything to touch him. And his vision was filled with rainbow tinged static. The first swipe of something cold and damp surprised him and the cold air drying his skin could be felt it was almost like he could feel each and every single individual skin cell reacting. But when he felt then cold metal slice into him and the feeling of the warm liquid that followed he practically orgasmed on the spot. He felt himself tense up in his binds and he even felt the slap of his cock against his stomach. He has gotten hard, incredibly fast and he felt a buzzing in his head from the sudden diversion of blood. But suddenly nothing, and with just a taste, he found himself wanting more
John was slightly amused at the turn of events,but he could sense a level of nervousness radiating from Sherlock. He gently pushed Sherlock back, “sherlock, please be honest with me, but are you nervous, because we can easily just take our time, if you want. Being with you is enough.” He smiled at Sherlock as he stared at John with a look of confusion.
Sherlock was curled up on the foot of his bed sleeping with a hood he recently came across in a case and that was the only thing he was wearing beside his boxer briefs. The case that lead to him finding about the hood was essentially a standard blackmail case where someone was taking photos of folks in the BDSM scene of London, in particular parents, and threatening to expose their proclivities to the school’s boards of some of the kids who attending schools that had strict moral codes for the families attending, the perpetrator of the crime was actually a set of parents who was upset that their child was expelled from multiple schools and rather than face the issue that was their own child they decided to target the other families they thought unworthy of attending the schools that their child was expelled from. One family in particular stuck out to him.
He wasn’t sure what he had expected of Kendal’s performance. Nothing impressive, certainly. But there was something about seeing that little girl, his little girl, up on that stage, giving everything she had to the audience, that made his heart swell with fondness and pride.
Kendal was still angry the next morning when she got dressed and went to school. That anger carried her through her classes and her callback and all the way home to Baker Street.
Kendal’s costume was itchy, and there was a full can of hairspray in her hair. Familiar pre-show butterflies were fluttering in her stomach.
“I came home and there was someone in our flat.” She said, each word spilling out, one after another, with almost no pauses in between.
“Happy birthday, Kendal.” He said. He saw her lips twitch, like she was trying to smile. When she couldn’t, she rested her head against his shoulder, leaning against him.
Soon enough, she was making her way through the crowd, wearing a black skirt and Chuck Taylors with a tee shirt bearing the show’s name and showtimes. Victor was behind her, as were two adults he assumed were his parents.
“I mean that Kendal is only a child. I mean that she needs to feel safe here, like she can have a normal life.”
So here they were. Riding in a cab to the late William Evans’ home, which he had shared with his daughter until very recently.
“Don’t lie to me, you know it won’t work. I’m sure nothing about your arrangement with John will change because of your new addition.”
“We’re ordering Chinese tonight from that place you like, the one that also has sushi?” John said. “Why don’t you come out and- well, we’ll all get acquainted?”
He furrowed his brow. He and Kendal talked. He and Kendal talked every day. They had talked that morning. Kendal had said “good morning” and he had said “good morning” then she had eaten a bowl of cereal and said she had slept “just fine, really,” and then said goodbye...
She resisted the urge to bury her face in the soft blue material and inhale as much of the past as she could. Eventually, everything in this room would smell like something completely new. Maybe by that time, she would hurt less.
“I know,” he said, shaking his head. “I know. And now he’s- God rest his soul, there’s no more loose ends.”
Kendal wanted to laugh, but didn’t. She could show minimal respect for the dead, even if they were terrible flatmates.
And she had left her guitar at the home that wasn’t hers anymore. John knew that everyone had their favorite places to take refuge. Harry liked booze, he liked danger, and Kendal obviously favored music, just like her father had.
The flat was dark and seemingly empty when she came home (it still felt wrong to call it that). She left her bag on one of the armchairs and went to the bathroom. She heard it fall on the floor, but didn’t go back to pick it up. Maybe she could stand in a hot shower and wash everything away. Wash herself away.
“Just checking to see if you were still with me. I’ll steer clear of that spot for the rest of your punishment, okay,” Said John as he ran his fingers through Sherlock’s hair, while his other hand wiped away some of Sherlock’s tears. He gave a sharp tug to Sherlock’s hair, Sherlock yelped again, “Okay, Boy, we are going to continue, is that okay? Are you ready?”
"I was considering letting you live here for free at first, but look what charging you rent got you," said Mrs Hudson. She smiled at John.
Sherlock smiled, "hello Mrs. Hudson and Rosie, where did you come from?" He accepts a hug  from Rosie and picks her up. Toby paws at Sherlock, both him and Rosie pets Toby.
"Well that's worrisome, I'll get her info if it really bothers you, but know anything you do with that info is going to be on you," responded Anthea. "Ella treats not just your brother and John, she sees many of our agents as well, so you won't be crossing the boundaries of your brother, you'll be crossing the line with many of the people who have served us and suffered for doing so. You have to at least give them a shred of some respect for their privacy."
Sherlock nodded and started walking with Toby down the aisle. He found the tea with relative little problem and placed it in the cart. "Okay what's next?"
John was exclaiming a litany of praise for Sherlock, and he found the look on Sherlock’s face when he praised him to be rather endearing. He came with a rather spectacular roar and much to both of their surprise, John’s chair decided was now the time to fail them. Both John and Sherlock started to fall back and while John landed with a rather large thud. Sherlock managed to land rather elegantly straddling John’s chest. They both started laughing. John was rather uncomfortable with the chair digging into his back at weird spots, but he was rather liking this closeness with Sherlock. He let out a little laugh but that was quickly interrupted by Sherlock.
"Oh hello John, how are things going on up there? It was sounding a bit intense, are things doing better? I actually heard some laughter, and not the awkward kind either," said Mrs. Hudson, the smell of biscuits baking coming through the open door.
Sherlock smirked as he manage to get the whole thing in his mouth, he grazed the tip of John’s fingers with his tongue. He chewed and swallowed the meat stick and opened his mouth to show John that he ate it all.
“Boy, we really can’t have you wearing this too long,” said John as he reached around and snapped the fasteners that held the cock ring in place, Sherlock moaned as he felt the rush of blood flowing through his vessels in many different directions, it was also a relief because he suddenly felt that restrictive hold on the base of his cock release. He let go of Sherlock’s hips and budged him to continue, “I want you to ride until you cum Boy, and after that I want you to show me what your pretty little mouth and nice long fingers can do.” John moaned as Sherlock
John noticed Sherlock drifting into his head as he watched Sherlock in the mirror, and he slapped his ass with the hand holding Sherlock against him to get his focus back. He also started fuck Sherlock’s throat with a bit more force, he noticed all the spit just dripping out of Sherlock’s mouth. . Sherlock instantly locked eyes with him in the mirror after the initial slap, or at least Sherlock tried, the long, girth bit of silicone stopped him from facing forward, he had to keep his head facing upward to make room for the dildo. John leaned into Sherlock’s ear, “Sherlock touch yourself.”
Sherlock replied, "we get everything online, I am not even sure if we are allowed back in this Tesco yet."
Mycroft laughed, "as if that would've made a difference, listening to us was never your strong point."
Sherlock smirked, and tilted his head to try reaching for the condom so that he could roll it over John’s considerable length but given that Sherlock was pinned by John weight he struggled to get more than just 2 inches rolled on.
Solomon laughed, "that isn't going to stop them from trying. So how tall is your bed? Mainly because the dog is going to need to get up on it to wake you up." John and Sherlock gestured a similar height. Solomon nodded, "okay Bosch, the beagi, would need a stool to get that height, so don't let that be a deterrent for you." "Toby" he gestured at the lurcher/ Collier mix. "And Bopper" he gestured at the mastador, "those two should clear it no problem." He pulled out a clicker and clicked it four times. The three dogs all walked away from Rosie and stood in a straight line. "Hey John can you lie down one the table? Just going to check if their method of waking up folks is compatible with you."  John got up on the table and lied down. Solomon rolled up to John, "here's Bosco!" Solomon whistled and pressed the clicker once. Bosco leaped up on the table and jumped on top of John while licking his face.
Siger and Violet looked at each other and turned to Mycroft, "we're sorry, and we should've been more attentive and you are right we should've gotten Eurus help. And we understand where you are coming from, but I think the time for such acts have passed. Maybe you can give us all the benefit of the doubt and hope we are responsible enough to come to you rather than watching us all the time and sending help when you see it is needed."
“You know bloody well it was more than okay,” said John, “also I won’t be opposed to doing that again, if you want to do it again in the future.”
“Oh good, maybe that means he will pay his bills on time,” Replied Mrs, Hudson still not making herself visually seen, this just confirmed with everyone that the sound proofing was terrible for 221 Baker.
Sherlock stopped and turned around, "check the group text, Mrs. Hudson is taking Rosie to the center so that we can all get a look at a dog that we can all get along with."
Josephine looked at her husband, “hope he doesn't pull that at the wedding.” She leaned back with a smirk.
“Ooh do you think it was that guy from last night,” Said Irene with a slight squeal of delight. “And hopefully that kills off her little crush on Sherlock.”
“Sherlock you can always tell me when you don’t want to do something okay,” Said John. He stroked his fingers through Sherlock’s hair. “You don’t have to do anything you don’t want to do.” He leaned down and kissed Sherlock. “Was there anything else you didn’t like?”
Solomon replied, "yeah initially we named her Tabitha, and called her Tabby, but she didn't respond to that, one of the volunteers accidentally called her Toby. And that was what worked, so it stuck."
"Okay you have until Wednesday to get rid of all the surveillance tools from the inside of Sherlock and John's home, otherwise I will report you to the higher ups for unauthorized surveillance on your parents, because the approval was only for Sherlock," said Andrea. "Also you are going to tell Sherlock that you are removing the surveillance, I think that could make a difference for him."
“Okay but did you test it on blond hair?” replied John as he pointed to Rosie’s head which was now covered in the bath tub paint. “As a kid, Harry dyed my hair with food coloring for an experiment, and all those mummy blogs you have been reading seems to use food coloring for the pigments for their recipes.”
Sherlock let out a little groan of disappointment, only to be roughly turned on to his stomach and having his tight pants getting torn down. He felt himself getting pulled up by his shirt tails, he was intrigued in where this was going.
John laughed as Sherlock’s cock slapped against his stomach leaving a trail of precum, “well aren’t you eager?  John ran a finger through the trail and delivered a sharp pinch to Sherlock’s nipple. John smiled at the Sherlock’s gasp, “Private you better spit or this going to be one rather dry hand job.” John held Sherlock’s cock so that he had a more stable target to aim at.
“I’m going to need you to clean that all up,” said Molly standing in the door way. “I’m glad you didn’t pull that at the table, I would loathe to ban Sherlock from here; he is one of the few people who makes the early morning shifts tolerable. Also he is a good tipper, I mean this one was a bit excessive, £150, that’s why I didn’t just turn the hose on you when you were fucking madly against the wall. But seriously save that stuff for a place with more privacy.”
"Well that sounds all good Sherlock but I don't really see why you need to keep up with that now, you both seem fine," said Violet, not realizing the implications of her words.
John chuckled, and unzipped Sherlock’s trousers, and pulled out his cock. He spat on it and started to roughly tug at his cock.
John moaned as Sherlock swallowed him down, he found himself wondering if Sherlock even had a gag reflex because he didn’t feel any resistance as Sherlock bobbed his head up and down his cock. He smirked as he held down Sherlock’s head and gave a few rough thrusts. He let some rather undignified grunts out as he felt Sherlock choke on his cock. He grabbed Sherlock by the hair and pulled him off his cock. He moved his hand to Sherlock’s cheek as Sherlock looked at him slightly confused, “boy as good as your cock sucking skills are, I have something else in mind for your mouth.” He delivered a couple of sharp taps to Sherlock’s cheek before pushing Sherlock back. John rolled over onto his stomach and spread his legs.
"Oh wait Dr Thompson, I am no longer suicidal and have no plans for such, but you have to admit if someone needed to have a gun, we would be a reasonable candidate for such," said John.
“He got sent for rehab because he got caught bartering meth for cocaine,” replied Irene, “what was the good intention there?” She broke out into a fairly inappropriate laugh.
John and Sherlock were in the kitchen fidgeting with the final details of things to prepare for afternoon tea with Sherlock’s parent and brother.
He already observed John enough that he was pretty sure he could deduce what John likes. He was already enjoying this kissing business.
Wiggins laughed, “oh no he was kicked out because he accidentally deduced everyone during introductions and isn’t welcome to group because of that.”
John got up, and grabbed Sherlock a bottle of water from the night table. “I’m rubbish at this,” said John rather sadly.
John moaned and tried his best to stay still even though he wanted to thrust further but he knew that he had to play on Sherlock’s terms, because he could just feel it. John yelped when Sherlock pressed behind John’s balls to externally massage his prostate, he slumped down feeling absolutely boneless. He wanted to bury his hand into Sherlock’s hair but stopped himself. Instead he threw his hands to the chair arms, gripping the chair hard enough that his knuckles were turning white.
John laughed, but like a switch he was back into the Captain voice. “Boy, I’ll tell you when we can start. Now I want you to go back to sucking my cock.”
Sherlock knew this was a bad idea, but decided an opportunity like this would never present it  self again. He also knew it was probably a bit desperate, but he would take what ever John was willing to give. So he bent over and started grinding himself against John’s leg, it felt a little bit awful and a bit degrading, he was pretty much acting like an ill trained dog against John’s leg, but it felt so good. But it was John, and he said it was okay, and John was just threading his hand through his hair, with a sad look across his face, but his eyes were dilated. Sherlock didn’t want to read into it, because there could be a number of reasons why this was happening, and as ideal as it would be for John, to want Sherlock, it could also just be the drugs. Sherlock continued to thrust against John’s leg because John said it was okay, and he was going to do this as long as he could stand. He wasn’t really experienced in this matter, and despite only having minimal friction going on he was really close to cumming, so he picked up the speed at which he was grinding himself against John’s leg. He held himself still against John’s leg when his orgasm finally hit him, but he felt a sharp tug at his hair and suddenly John’s lips where on his. John was kissing Sherlock, and Sherlock didn’t ask for that, he wasn’t quite sure what to make of the situation, but he copied the motions John did with his tongue, it was almost like a weird waltz, for some odd reason he thought of a waltz, maybe he could convince John into learning how to dance a waltz.
The door bell rang, Rosie stirred a little bit, John and Sherlock slightly hovered to see whether or not they should pick her up or not. Rosie went back to sleep.
The girls were just flocking Sherlock with all sorts of questions and he answered them. Eventually he brought out his supplies for disguise making, and all the teens gave it a go on the various techniques Sherlock had for making a disguise. William laughed as Asa tried to apply some facial hair only for it fall off as he took a picture.
Eventually the time came for all his friends to go, and Sherlock gave them all money to take taxis instead of the underground. The teens all said that they had a great time, and his parents made themselves disappear when it Phineas kissed him good night.
“William, we don’t really do valentines, it is a little too sentimental for my taste,”said Sherlock still hugging William.
Francis looked at Joey, “well for me, Johnny W And Jamie S would be the definite guys for me since Johnny is why I am still alive and Jamie did provide a lot of support for me in spots of trouble. Ma...ma... Many of the men I served with didn’t make it back and the ones who came back really don’t approve of our relationship, be it because we’re a gay couple or he’s uhh... err... oh fuck.”
Sherlock swallowed and nodded his head, “yes John, that would be nice.” He closed his eyes and groaned when John started running his fingers through Sherlock’s dark wavy hair.
Kayla nodded, "okay, this is where Toby can help. Toby can help you stay focused even when overstimulated, think of Toby as a grounding point. And given Toby's nature not only as a herder but also a sight dog. She is going to be able to help you keep track of things. I was told that today when you had some sort of episodic Toby ran off to grab John and Mrs. Hudson. Was that helpful?"
Siger shifted uncomfortably, "but what if we didn't? Why did we trust Ruddy, none of us knew what the hell he was doing, and Mycroft was 18 when Ruddy had him inform us that Eurus was supposedly dead. I mean Mycroft seems to have sucked into whatever secret world Ruddy had at a pretty young age. Like why did we put so much on Mycroft? And like Sherlock was always going on about how Mycroft was always watching him and interfering with his social life when he left for school, I mean if it wasn't for Mycroft being so set on making sure Sherlock met the right people to the point that he blew up and started to spend time with only the worst of people. I mean do you think he would've had that rough spot? I know you have found just as many hidden cameras as I have. I think that changes how people act, and as much as I have tried to think that this is how every family experiences CCTV, I am starting to think it isn't. I mean I am sure if Mycroft left his post the government would fall and it is a rather precarious time to fall apart. But what if we just gave Sherlock or John an incentive to just leave for a place with a lot less surveillance especially surveillance run by his literal big brother. Do you think he would be different?"
But who knew making up for lost time would mean an absolutely absurd amount of fucking. Some nights it was “the spirit is willing, but flesh is spongy and bruised.” He even thought of maybe taking up daily Cialis just so that he could keep up with Sherlock. But fortunately they found activities they liked that didn’t require both of them sporting an erection and it just worked. He stroked Sherlock’s hair even more. And Sherlock just nuzzled even further. He was trying his best to not start thrusting against Sherlock’s face. Which was so hard because Sherlock’s open mouth was just there letting out little puffs of air that only seemed to entice him more.
And Sherlock leant in the older man’s thrusts, “Fuck it, let’s go find a place to have some fun, and really spend our time because I have really don’t want to get interrupted when it comes to a man like you,” and with that Sherlock reached back and stroked the older man’s inner thigh before gripping the man’s cock.  Sherlock smiled at the light gasp the man let loose, he looked around for the closest exit. Sherlock turned his head to whisper in the ear of the older man. “I know a place, it could be a little dangerous, but we will be alone.”   Sherlock felt the man smile against his skin.
John noticed Sherlock coming his way, he couldn’t help but take in the vision that was Sherlock. He noticed the familiar envelope in Sherlock’s hand, sure it was the £20 but the fact that he had it now meant all his tests came up negative on the spot. He smirked when he saw Sherlock grab a fist full of safer sex kits as he exited the testing area.
Sherlock fidgeted, “Well I’ll try anything once, I might as well seize the popportunity.” He held back a chuckle, he rarely made jokes.
He sighed, and noticed the passing of time, and how he was in the restroom for a suspiciously long time. He got up, washed his hands and exited the bathroom. He looked around to see if the coast was clear before swiftly turning the corner. When suddenly he was covered in confetti, and a rather rude song started playing on a speaker being held up by a testing volunteer. It was a rather large group of them.
Ella nodded, "thank you John, hopefully you'll have some observations for next week. Okay so we only have 10 minutes left, and I would hate for us to delve into something new at the moment, but I think we are at a good spot to leave. I do have a suggestion, for the intimacy issues. I have a colleague named Daniel Rothman, he has a clinic called "the body collective" they specialize in sex therapy but they have had a lot of success with people with contact aversion become comfortable with physical contact of all kinds when it is something they desire to work on. I'll give you a referral."
“That’s new, makes sense cocaine seems to drop off the street since you came back. But like a lot of the plugs have seemed to going away lately. I mean Irene and Kate will be on their way to San Francisco in a few days. Irene somehow at the last minute got a summer intensive at SF Opera and she is probably going to stay there for grad school because she suddenly has the choice of CREGS at San Francisco State or the Kinsey Institute in Bloomington, Indiana, and won’t have to pay for a thing. So it looks like we won’t be seeing that couple for quite some time, but yeah they should be around here tonight. Irene might be holding but who knows,” said Janine with a shrug as she poured heavy handed splashed of liquor into a cocktail glass. There was barely any space for cola by the time she was done with the liquor, she tossed a bunch of cherries. “Oh and speak of the devil.”
"Your driver, you pretty much push him into role of body guard at least once a week, I mean do you know how much skills goes into being a tactical driver. That stuff goes well into body guard territory. Also what have you been calling Danny?" Replied Andrea.
John shifted his hand to Sherlock’s and interlocked their fingers together, “yours.” And with that they both drifted off into sleep.
"I am doing well and even more so now that I know where you are," Sherlock said as he leaned forward to gently kiss John's cheek. "I had a bit of a talk with my parents, a lot of things are no longer a secret it was fascinating. I hope you don't mind if they start making a bit more regular visits. Maybe we can finally get down to finishing those terms as a group, maybe Mycroft could regain his composure with in the next week and join us." Sherlock laughed.
Kayla clapped her hands, "that is the first time I've ever seen a pup go on command in front of a new owner."
John laughed, “well I guess you are right, but we definitely had our rough spots, but we are working on it. I mean we’ve both been tackling our individual issues in therapy. I mean the only reason I even learned about Sherlock returning my feelings was because Rosie wrecked our room two weeks ago and in the cleaning of it I found his letters which he wrote as an exercise from his therapist. And I have been working on my anger and grief issues. We are even doing a bit of couple’s therapy to start off this relationship in the healthiest way possible, because at this point Sherlock is practically a second parent for Rosie, and I don’t have any family outside of my sister, and Mary didn’t have any family either. So I want to make sure Rosie has that support system.”
When he was fully seated inside his dear, beloved John, he just waited, clutching him in his arms as John panted. Then John reached back and wrapped his arm around Sherlock, pulled him in tighter, and gave an experimental roll of his hips. Sherlock gasped. "John. God, John!" John rolled his hips again and Sherlock snapped. He put one foot up on the bed to use for leverage and very minutely pulled himself out of John and pressed himself back in, deeper this time. John moaned. They set up a slow rhythm, just rocking against eachother. John was tighter than Sherlock ever could have imagined, and so hot he felt his skin might burn inside him. He grabbed some more lube and pulled out an inch or so, applied it to his cock and some more to John's rim and pressed inside him again, smearing the lube.
In the room upstairs, John had just finally fallen asleep.  His own realization...that he was indeed feeling something far more than friendship for this strange brilliant man...was weighing heavily on him.  Why? Why did this have to happen to him? John had never been homophobic, not ever. But he had always felt a sense of pity for gay men and women. He knew the way a lot of people looked at them. He felt sad for them that every time they left their house with their loved one,a certain percentage of people in the outside world would stare, would mock, would say or think hurtful, cruel things. He didn't think he could bear that sort of scrutiny.  He knew Sherlock wouldn't be up for it, anyway. The man may be starting to feel something for John but what in God's name can a machine really feel? No. It was better to move past it. And they would.
A couple weeks later, Sherlock was hanging around Baker Street waiting for John to come home from the surgery. They had had a row the day before about Sherlock smoking while still wearing the nicotine patches John had bought him and John had gone around paying everyone in the neighborhood if they agreed not to sell Sherlock any cigarettes. His concern over Sherlock was really very maddening sometimes. Especially since he basically refused to touch him ever since John' little episode last week. They had been lying in Sherlock's bed, snogging, which is as far as they had gotten and had really only done a few times. John seemed to understand immediately that if Sherlock was working, the last thing he would be interested in was anything physical. But when they did have these little sessions, they went at it rather hard. John was learning that Sherlock liked him to be a bit aggressive. He would bite and nip and suck at Sherlock's lips and Sherlock would take it, basically in shock, while moaning and trying to grow accustomed to the tightening in his groin. During one of these such nights, Sherlock gained what could only be described as a raging hard-on and thrust it against John's leg. John instinctively reached down and when he did, he suddenly jerked his hand back and pulled away from Sherlock. "I'm sorry!" Sherlock said, though he wasn't sure exactly why. Did he do something wrong? "Its okay..its just, umm...your...shit. I'm sorry." John got up and went upstairs to take a shower. As he jogged up the stairs he ran a hand through his hair and muttered a curse or two. He hadn't meant to freak out like that. He'd been so caught up in the moment, when he reached down and felt Sherlock's dick it startled him. He didn't think he'd been expecting a twat but he wasn't entirely expecting a cock. John Watson what the hell is wrong with you? he thought.
John headed back to 221B Baker Street with a sense of purpose. He and Sherlock were going to discuss last night, and they were going to discuss what happened this morning. But when John walked in, Mycroft Holmes was standing over a very annoyed looking Sherlock. "Doctor Watson," Mycroft said snottily. "I presume you know why I am here." "Can't say that I do, Mycroft." "Really? So you weren't aware Little Brother was back on the sauce?" John froze. That was another thing he had wanted to discuss a little more that afternoon. Now he was worried that Sherlock may not be around to discuss it. "Mycroft, I am not back on the sauce. I had a slip. It is over. I have figured out the cause of my distress, I will handle it from here." "What was the cause of your distress?" Sherlock looked at John who looked at the floor. Mycroft noticed. "John? What did he do?" John heard a hint of the brotherly concern in Mycroft's voice. "Nothing. He did nothing. It was my fault, I missed something." "I'm confused." "You should be used to that" Mycroft sighed and straightened up a bit. "Fine, Sherlock. Whatever you say. I will go. I can see I am not wanted. But I have my eye on you. Buying heroin on the street like a bum? Tsk, tsk. I know everything that happens in this city, Sherlock. Doctor Watson, please do as I have asked and look after this one." And with that, Mycroft Holmes left the building.
blanket." "Passed out?" Sherlock asked as John came into the room with a tray of tea and biscuits. "Yes. I went to check on you after you had been in the bath for quite a while and found you with only your nose above water. I certainly hope you have learned not to drink on a low red blood cell count."
He withdrew his fingers, grabbed Sherlock's thigh and threw it over his hip, and plunged back inside, perhaps a bit roughly. Sherlock didn't seem to mind at all. He groaned as John sped up the thrusting of his hand and the thrusting of his hips. Then John crooked his fingers and Sherlock bit down on his neck. "Jesus, what the fuck is that?!" John almost, almost, fell out of his trance at that. He had never heard Sherlock say fuck. Leave it to the guy who didn't know Pluto wasn't a planet to not know he had a prostate, or what it can do.
"Do you like that?" John knew better than to give the honest answer too quickly. But he didn't really know how to say it properly so he went with "Sometimes." Sherlock looked like he was deeply disappointed in John as a person and tried to push away from him but John held on, wrapping his ankle around Sherlock's foot for a stronger hold. "Now wait just a minute, let me explain." "You don't have to. Its fine. You can't help what you like. I just don't think I can have a part in it." "Sherlock, Jesus, will you listen? Its not like that. Look, sometimes...sometimes people get horny. For no reason whatsoever, they just get horny. And they don't always have someone to help them with that. So they watch porn and they masturbate. But...but its not always easy to get hard, or to get off, without another human being. So...porn tends to be a bit more intense. And, I don't much like admitting it, but sometimes, yeah, seeing a girl get slapped with a cock or hearing her talk about how his cock is so big it hurts but she loves it...it helps intensify things so that you can cum. Don't give me that look just because you're such a a bloody genius you don't need to drain the sack every once in a while. I don't want anything of the sort with you and most people never do anything like that in real life. I have no desire to cockslap you, degrade you, and I certainly never want to hurt you. Do you believe me?" "I was under the impression pain was inevitable." "I don't know if that's true. But, if it worries you, I'll go first. Do you believe that I'll never do those things to you?" "Your heart rate says you're telling the truth." "I'm gonna accept that, because I want to snog you again, but next time I ask you to believe me, I want you to do it because you trust me."
At this, Sherlock's lungs seemed to give out. Where had that come from? One second they were talking about feelings and the next, John was talking about Sherlock's cock. He stared at John, unable to respond. He did, however, feel something he hadn't felt since he was about 14. A very definite tightening in his groin. Well, that was a strange sensation. He looked down, without an ounce of subtelty, and back up to John, who also looked straight to Sherlock's lap. Their eyes met. "I don't think I can fight this anymore," Sherlock said. Then he leaned over and hovered about an inch from John's mouth. "May I?" he asked. John knew that if he did this, there may be no going back. He moved his head further from Sherlock's, closed his eyes, and took a deep, shuddering breath. "Sherlock," he said, and Sherlock stood. "No need, John. I'm sorry. I shouldn't have done that I just...I don't know what I was thinking. Go back to bed. I'm okay now."
John blinked. "Show you how to...?" "Touch you. There. Make it feel good? I mean, on me. I don't know what to do, maybe you can demonstrate?" Oh yeah, he could definitely demonstrate. John couldn't believe what he was hearing. He was dying to touch Sherlock there, to feel how tight and hot he must be. While he'd never been with a man, he's done this with two different women, so at least THIS part was something not entirely new to him. "If you're  sure," he said, and Sherlock nodded before kissing him, licking his tongue into his mouth so gently it felt like a feather, then it was gone. John reached across Sherlock to open the bedside table drawer. I guess we needed this after all, he thought, and congratulated himself on his skills of preparation. Sherlock lay watching him with wide eyes and a set mouth. John leaned back on the bed. "We do not have to anything at all that you don't want." "I want this, John." "Then take off your pants, Detective."
John watched Sherlock go through all of this in his head. He counted to sixty, deciding he wouldn't allow him to get lost in there. At exactly sixty-one seconds, he said "Sherlock? Are you ready to come back out?" "Will you show me how?"
"Perhaps you could allow me, just once, to finish a sentence?" John said, his voice dripping with fury. "As I was going to say...I am not gay.  But I think I finally get what has been going on around here.  Irene Adler, she called it. She said that you and I were a couple and that my sexuality had nothing to do with it. Just as she was a gay woman in love with you, I think I am a straight man in the same predicament." Sherlock's jaw dropped.  "Yes, Sherlock, I said it. I think I'm in love with you. And so does everyone else.  You've heard them all, snickering at us, making jokes. Although I don't think its funny. Because I dont know how to handle this feeling any more than you do. Its not something I ever anticipated and I'm sure one hundred percent you never did either."
How many times had he imagined Sherlock being alive? Being alive and alright and right here? How many times had he imagined welcoming him back with opened arms?
Then he looked closer. At the bags under her eyes and the hollowness of her face and her frown. Kendal loved to smile and now she almost never did.
Kendal murmured something about leaving something backstage and left right after. Victor, after exchanging a meaningful look with his parents, followed her.
“I...I, uh...” Kendal tried to answer. All of the moisture that was supposed to be in her mouth was gone. “This is my dad’s guitar.”
“London’s pretty at night,” Kendal said, looking around at the bustling street and the lights of the buildings.
A few hours later, Kendal bade him goodnight and went to her new room for the first time. John was sure that she would cry herself to sleep.
Kendal raised her hand, hailing a cab. John would be home from the clinic soon, but she needed him now.
John took out his cell phone and scrolled through his contacts, looking for a number he hadn’t called in almost two years.
The sun was setting. The shadows it cast made it difficult to examine Kendal’s expression, but John was almost sure that he saw tears shining in her eyes.
She pulled back the shower curtain (still completely clothed. The shower was already starting to feel pointless) and stopped.
2. Move in with Amy, her best female friend. Amy’s situation was almost similar to Victor’s. Amy had an older sister who probably didn’t want a mopey, probably crying babydoll hanging around. And Mrs. Lake, in all of her recently-divorced youth and beauty, was too wrapped up in her career to even give Amy very much attention. Not to mention what it would do to her friendship with Amy. Also, they had not offered to take her in.
Instead, he looked at his songbird, lovely in her blue plumage, surrounded by the rest of her flock, using her sweet voice to serenade the room.
It’s not like anything can get any worse. She figured as she found jeans and a shirt and pulled them on.
“No, don’t worry about that.” Kendal said with a very forced smile. “You’ve got that train to catch.”
An hour later, John figured that he had plenty of explaining to do for his Kendal. She was sitting cross-legged on her bed when he knocked on her bedroom door.
She had made a list in her head of reasons why she had made this decision, why she wasn’t just staying with someone who knew her and loved her, already. Why make this lonely army doctor love her enough to keep her around?
“I know you’re both still hurting. You should still be hurting, and you probably will for a very long time.”
“Well, you love me. Shouldn’t two people in love be in a romantic relationship? Isn’t that how these things work?”
Sherlock nodded his head and watched John leave with Kendal. It wasn’t until they left when he saw them leave that he remembered what Kendal said.
Kendal summoned her bravery and looked inside. Three framed pictures, a bouquet of dried roses, and her jewelry box stared back at her.
Then he remembered how he had pushed his friends away when Sherlock died, how he had more or less died himself.
“You know, you really didn’t have to do that,” She said, untying the ribbon and opening the box. “I thought that I made that- oh. This is- this is lovely.”
And really, was she so interesting? She was your typical thirteen-year-old girl, with eyes that rolled whenever she thought no one noticed and an apparent desire for the stage. Why couldn’t John have inherited a child with personality? Maybe a chemistry prodigy or a kleptomaniac?
John was very familiar with devastation. He had been to war and come home to one. Devastation haunted his dreams at night. Devastation looked like short glasses littering the kitchen counter and unopened letters and a violin on the mantle and too many tears to count and no please don’t be dead Sherlock please don’t be dead don’t go don’t leave me please
Then there was a knock at the door, and Kendal’s friends, entered 221B for the first time. John got to meet Oliver and Amy for the first time and Victor for the second time. In an instant, it became clear how closely-knit the four were, how much they loved each other.
So naturally, once Kendal, who had only been in a citizen of 221B for an hour, came to him in a panic about the loss of her guitar, he was willing to do anything to reunite her with her instrument.
“She told me yesterday when we had tea, and then she showed me her audition song for the Spring musical-”
Kendal did look very pretty, John noticed, in a short blue dress that brought out her eyes. She smiled.
“I think we left my guitar at-” Kendal stopped herself from saying home. That wasn’t home anymore. “at the old house.”
Kendal was asleep on the sofa when Sherlock came home. John was sitting in the kitchen with a cup of tea.
John’s heart sunk to the bottom of his stomach. How could Sherlock Holmes be in his living room? As many times as he had imagined it, had begged for it, had wished and hoped to wake up and for Sherlock to be in his armchair like nothing had ever gone wrong-
“I know,” Her friend said softly. “I know it’s not okay. I just thought you might believe it if I told you.”
“Sherlock,” She breathed before someone else put a hand over her mouth. She took a breath and the world went dark.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. So it was Kendal who saved his John while he was away. He should feel grateful towards her.
Lestrade looked different, and the same. He had cut his hair, and he looked thinner, maybe a little older. John knew that he probably looked the same way, like a echo of the John Watson that Lestrade first met.
Eventually, Kendal hiccuped herself back to coherency and extracted herself from her godfather’s embrace. She let him ask how she was, let him tell her to breathe, let him help her feel a little more steady.
“…he had to be stopped, John.” Sherlock finally said, shaking his head. “And I regret any hurt that my absence may have caused you, but it truly was necessary.”
“I don’t bluff.” Sherlock walked closer. He was an arm’s length away; if Kendal died, she would fall towards him. “Now, scatter.”
“Then I’ll run faster.” Sherlock said, taking a step closer. “But if you’re going to start, I’d suggest doing so now. Kendal has been in this position for a while and I’m sure John would rather we keep her trauma to a minimum.”
Kendal busied herself by taking a long sip of tea. “I’ve told him about the show, yes. Not really about...you know, show times.”
“No,” John automatically said. “You aren’t going mad. Here,” he took off his cardigan and placed it around her shaking shoulders. “I’ll go back with you. We’ll see what this is about.”
Kendal herself was sitting beside him. Her hands were folded in her lap, her blue eyes stared straight ahead. Her red pea coat stood out against the black of her funeral dress. John looked down; he was still dressed for the funeral, too.
but between all the fucking and the drinking, I think we are both due for some food.” There is an all night diner nearby that I used to study at while my cohort mate Mike worked as a short order chef. I’m paying.”
John ran his fingers along the counters and felt a little bit of grease, he clicked his tongue. “Let’s add another spanking to count.”
I mean yeah it is an old article, but determining the ethics of this shit is still in court: https://www.forbes.com/sites/robertglatter/2018/02/11/former-aetna-medical-director-admits-to-never-reviewing-medical-records-before-denying-care/#33ee161135e5
Solomon, shrugged his shoulders, "well you said you wanted one that can help in cases as well? I mean currently we have a beagle/corgi mix, a collier/lurched mix, and a mastiff/Labrador mix. They are all rather sweet dogs with good work temperament but lately we have been getting a lot of folks who need smaller dogs, plus the beagle/corgi mix was returned when the owner kept finding food missing because the pup kept opening the fridge and eating the food. So basically he needs more training to overcome whatever started that behavior."  Solomon whistled, Golem got up and pulled him to the door. Sherlock got up to open the door, but golem gave him a look, that made Sherlock leave the door to be Golem's responsibility.
John smirked as he followed Sherlock out the door, he noticed that Sherlock definitely paid for the meal but also gave Molly an incredibly generous tip. John looked around and realized they were in an alley, it was lacking in light and beyond the ever present sight of cctv. John turned Sherlock, and smiled.
Sherlock peeked his head into the sitting room, and quickly withdrew. John and Sherlock shared a look, the kind you share wit another person when you are both sharing second hand embarrassment or anxiety for someone else. They weren't sure who they were feeling it for though.
Sherlock scowled, he wasn’t really one for eating ass, but he knew John had his tongue up his ass a few times at this point and he doesn’t have a problem with sucking cock.
“How Sherlock Holmes is alive!” He cried. “C’mon! If Amy and Oliver weren’t at orchestra practice right now, you know they’d be attacking you for answers.”
She had visited Baker Street before, just briefly, on the afternoon that she told Kyle that she wanted to stay with Dr. Watson.
He had missed this terribly, standing in his home and playing his instrument, awaiting John’s return from wherever the hell he went during the day.
“Here, let me.” John said, walking around the table. Kendal handed him the necklace and moved her hair to the side, allowing him to fasten it around her neck. The treble clef fell between her collarbones, halfway between her heart and her vocal chords.
Kendal wished she were braver. It shouldn’t take this much bravery to walk into a different room in her own home.
“Eat your toast,” He gently prompted. She complied. He watched her for a moment before he slid a silver box, tied with a purple ribbon, across the table to her.
“Emphasis on the ‘nearly.’” He said. “Mum’s making lasagna tonight. Do you want to come have dinner after auditions?”
Then again, he certainly didn’t expect her to ask him to fulfill his duties as a godfather. And he hadn’t expected himself to accept. 221B was far from the perfect home for a child, he was far from an ideal caretaker, but dammit, Kendal needed him.
“The Spring musical.” She announced, slamming an audition poster down on the lunch table. “I very nearly forgot.”
Sherlock looked up. A whole mess of deductions ran through his head once he fully looked at this girl.
That was why his death had broken him so badly, that was why he forgave him so quickly, why he ran to save his life without so much as missing a beat or blinking an eye.
“And you play the guitar, like Kendal? And you know the ukulele.” She added, looking at Amy and Oliver, who both nodded. “And Kendal, you could sing us a song.”
“Hi,” She said, offering her hand. Angelo, instead of shaking it, lifted It to his lips, as if she were a queen instead of a sweet little girl.
Kendal wondered if that were true. Did John even like music? Even more, did he like musicals? Did he like her enough to want to see her in a musical?
John’s attention snapped to the doorway. Kendal herself was standing there, her hair falling out of its curls, flyaways surrounding her pensive face.
Sherlock was dead, Kendal remembered, shaking her head. Sherlock was dead for two years and John had mourned for two years and had jumped back into this life with him-
The party dissolved a while after the modest applause died down. John and Kendal helped Mrs. Hudson clean up the flat before she went to bed. John descended the stairs with his landlady to take the garbage to the dumpster.
With a heavy heart, she looked at the last one. Of course it was of her father. Of course they were together, of course they were happy, of course it would never be like that again.
“I really don’t understand why you’re asking that question again, do try and keep up in the future. How old were you?”
The old table was right by the window; Angelo set a candle between them, handed them menus, then walked away.
Kendal was sitting in front the window, leaning on the back of his armchair. Her head was bowed, dark curls fell around her face, hiding her expression.
KENDAL: I came home after school today and he was playing the violin in the living room, so I ran to the clinic and got John and brought him back to Baker Street, and then they had a very loud conversation, I went to my room and now Sherlock is moved into the bedroom downstairs.
When Sherlock passed away, when he threw himself off of that building and took himself away, John had wept. He wept while he tried to make tea, only one cup of tea, in the morning. He wept when he walked past his detective’s empty bedroom. He wept whenever a tabloid featuring Sherlock’s picture was delivered to the flat. For the longest time, to live meant to weep. All that time, he kept thinking, hoping, praying, that Sherlock would walk in the door, would pull him into his arms, and hold him. He would forgive him. He would instantly forgive him without a second thought. He would welcome him back readily, he would make this feel like home again.
“Apparently,” John said. “Everyone else thought it was terribly funny, mostly because he was such a smart-ass, and something like a hat was enough to piss him right off.”
John Watson (who was her godfather, as she constantly had to remind herself) was sitting in one of the armchairs already.
“Good,” Kendal said absentmindedly, trying to forget that John was in the audience, that this was the first real time that he would ever see her do what she loved to do.
John stopped himself there. He couldn’t explain this to Kendal, he could barely explain it to himself. How could he say that he never saw himself stopping this- this arrangement with Sherlock? The world’s only Consulting Detective and the doctor. He only ever saw himself solving crimes with that inane adventure of a man. It was always Sherlock, even when their hair began to grey and thin and eventually fall, when the creases around their eyes grew into wrinkles around their mouths and on their cheeks. He couldn’t tell her that he always imagined spending the rest of his life with Sherlock. There was no settling down, just lessening the caseload. But it always came back to Sherlock.
She watched John haggle with Angelo (who refused to let them pay their bill, something about ‘old times’ and ‘not charging friends’ and ‘you know you’re welcome here anytime) and walked back to Baker Street.
“There he was.” He said finally. “Bounding in like some kind of superhero, like something from a storybook.”
“He was-“ he shook his head again. Kendal immediately regretted asking. “He was a bloody awful flatmate.”
Then he looked across the table at Kendal, who was standing above her birthday cake, her face illuminated by the light of thirteen birthday candles.
After placing her makeup, curling irons, hair brush, and headbands (Kendal had been looking for ways to dress hair for years. It was a thankless task; there was no way to dress up hair that was both brown and straight) on the vanity, there was only one box left.
The perp snaked his arm around her waist and lifted her upwards, throwing her over his shoulder like a sack of potatoes.
Kendal leaned back in her chair and looked up at the sky. Every day of the Spring, she and her three friends had lunch on balcony by the science classroom. They hadn’t really asked last year, but Kendal felt like they wouldn’t have told her “no” this year. No one was in the mood to deny her anything.
1. Move in with Victor and his family. His parents, especially his mother, already loved her. But the Jacobs had an eleven-year-old daughter who needed a proper upbringing, and the thirteen-year-old who happened to be sitting beside her would suffer, though bravely and silently, if she were a constant in that house. Not to mention what it would do to their friendship. Also, they had not offered to take her in, not directly, anyway. She was sure that if she had asked, if anyone had asked, they would have in a heartbeat.
And how Sherlock would have loved tonight, how he would have griped about having to spend an evening socializing, but how he would have helped Mrs. Hudson decorate and helped pick out Kendal’s present.
At the beginning of September, just as it was starting to get colder outside, John handed her something before she left for school, just after he put a container of red grapes in her backpack.
“You know,” he said, grabbing two mugs and two bags of tea from the cupboard, “we were after some smugglers, once. They were in London, disguised as Chinese circus performers. I was there on a date with- have you met Sarah from the clinic?”
“Down the hall.” Kendal informed him. He and Victor followed her down the hallway to her new bedroom where they sat down her luggage. Packing up her life had been one of the hardest things she had ever had to do. She hoped unpacking would be easier.
He went to the bathroom he and John shared. It was cleaner, too. He almost didn’t recognize it with the counters cleared off.
“Okay, you conspiracists.” Kendal said. “Maybe. But he’s still gone, John is still broken, and we’re still having a party.”
The cab stopped. He noticed Kendal taking a deep breath beside him. He knew that this short journey from the cab to her old doorstep would be a difficult one. An overpowering urge to hold her, to let her know that she wasn’t alone and that they could fix the devastation together, nearly overtook him, but he stopped himself. It was too soon.
However, that didn’t stop him from eventually throwing Kendal off of his back and grabbing her, holding the gun to her temple.
“You’re right, he isn’t.” Victor agreed. “I’m sorry mum said that, but I don’t think she meant anything by it-”
“Well, I was with Sarah, and Sherlock somehow managed to tag along, and they were under the impression that I was Sherlock, because the tickets I used were under his name. They had poor Sarah with an arrow in front of her, I was tied to a chair, and just when a I thought all hope was lost, there-“
Something rose up in the back of her throat. She took a sharp, sudden breath and choked on the exhale. She knew that she was going to cry and that no one needed to see or hear that. All of the heads were turned forward now, looking at Kyle as he tried to preach words of comfort and strength.
Kendal screamed and kicked and struggled for the precious few seconds before he opened the door of a car and threw her inside.
“Because you may have destroyed Moriarity, Sherlock, but you still made a great many enemies along the way.”
His voice broke. He busied himself with the tea kettle and avoided looking at Kendal until he felt more steady.
“The circle has at least doubled in size, Miss Evans. It certainly sounds like a problem, doesn’t it?”
Kendal looked around this new room. She had to admit, it looked much better now, like she could live there-
“John,” Kendal said. There was mic tape residue on her right cheek. “You remember Victor, don’t you?”
“I love you, Sherlock Holmes.” He said. “And that’s both the long and short of it. I’ve loved you since I met you.”
He swallowed, knowing that Kendal had been thinking about her father the whole evening, just like he had been thinking about Sherlock.
He smiled. Sherlock used to leave severed limbs and chemical mishaps around the house. He knew that Kendal wasn’t meaning to, but she was leaving traces of her existence around the flat already.
Kendal nodded her head. That was when John noticed how pretty she looked, with her hair curled and wearing that blue dress that brought out her eyes.
“Alright, here you go,” she said, handing him the box, which easily fit into his coat pocket. “Tell your girl ‘happy birthday,’ won’t you?”
But somehow, all he could think of was Kendal saying that John loved him, about how his life would change if she were correct.
But John loved her. That was even more obvious. He helped her read lines for her auditions and asked her about her day because that mattered to him.
All of a sudden, she felt horrible about how her most recent interaction with John and ended. She had been so angry, she hadn’t tried to settle her anger or apologize…
John nodded and, acting completely on an instinctive whim, reached forward and brushed a soft strand of hair behind his goddaughter’s ear.
And then how Sherlock would have laughed if he heard Lestrade introducing himself to Kendal as such.
“I’m- no, I’m fine, but they- John, he was playing his violin and he looked- John, he looked just like him, he looked at me just once and he knew me, he knew that I played the guitar, that- that someone- someone of mine had died and-“
Mrs. Hudson nodded. “That advanced music class she’s been taking takes the whole thing very seriously. I hope she’s not too worried, her audition is today.”
And that’s how dinner went on; John told Kendal his stories, watching the light of the candle flicker, creating a soft light on her pretty, smiling face.
“You were wonderful.” He said. Kendal smiled. He reached forward and tucked a curl behind her ear, gently running his fingers through her tresses. “Go to bed, Kendal Elaine.”
“So will we.” Oliver said, speaking for both himself and Amy. “And we’ll introduce Dr. Watson to the daughter of his newest heartthrob.”
John laughed. “You are insufferable. You are insufferable and wonderful and brilliant and I am madly in love with you, Sherlock Holmes.”
William and Kendal had lived outside of London, closer to Kendal’s school. He had expressed concerns about her getting to class on time every day; she had assured him that finding a cab or taking a bus there and back would be fairly simple. John hadn’t thought to argue, possibly because he hadn’t had any better ideas.
The next morning, Kendal woke up, got dressed, curled her hair for her audition, and went into the kitchen for breakfast.
When Kendal woke, she was alone. It took a moment to take in her surroundings. Bare walls, a small vent at the top of the wall, a stool that she felt too woozy to sit in, and a large window that peered into the next room before her.
“I mean- I mean that if Kendal was right, if Kendal wasn’t delirious, that- that you can tell me. You can tell me yourself.”
“Mycroft,” He said. Kendal tried to ignore how rude he was acting. John had been right, he was an awful flatmate.
The summer went by. Kendal went to her friend’s houses and occasionally hosted movie nights. Sometimes John made them popcorn and sat down with them for a little bit when they invited him to watch the film with them.
Kendal had a lovely voice, he realized. It was strong and full of life and had no trouble staying perfectly on pitch. In a way, Kendal’s music was like Sherlock’s; beautiful and sad and unpredictable, not to mention present whether he wanted it or not.
“This is Kendal,” John said, placing his hand on the small of her back and bringing her forward. “My goddaughter.”
So that left her here, on this garden bench, feeling the cold of the rain seep through her funeral dress, knowing that she would be making a new home in 221B, Baker Street very, very soon.
John loved her, she realized that now. John loved her more than she deserved, and she hadn’t even tried to work with him when Sherlock came back. All she had cared about was wanting John to herself.
John scoured the shelves of the grocery store for nearly ten minutes before he found Kendal’s shampoo, glowing between less bright products. He took two bottles off of the shelf. For some reason, that made him feel better. Like he was actually acting like a godfather.
“It really couldn’t have,” John said. “Sherlock, things have to be- look, things have to be a little bit different now because of Kendal, alright?”
And then Kendal was on the ground, gasping for breath and making these racking, choking noises that didn’t even sound human, just dry, heaving, tearless sobs.
“The circle of people who knew that I am alive and no longer on the run used to consist of five people. That’s you, you, Mrs. Hudson, Mycroft, and Molly.” His eyes opened. “Now it’s you, you, Mrs. Hudson, Mycroft, Molly, Victor, Amy, Ollie, and whatever child overheard you while you were discussing my return from dismantling the biggest criminal web in the world.”
John looked at his goddaughter’s face. She was smiling and focusing on a faraway point out the window.
Kendal shook her head. “No, no, don’t be...don’t be sorry.” She looked up at at him. There were tears in her eyes, but she was smiling. “This is the sweetest thing anyone’s ever done for me. Thank you.”
But he would have understood this decision and probably would have supported her. When she was feeling vain, she dared to think that he would be proud of her.
In roughly an hour, Kendal Evans would be placed in the care and keeping of Dr. John Watson, her legal godfather, for the foreseeable future.
“Not to me,” Kendal said, shaking her head. “And there’s no explanation. People shouldn’t leave their people.”
“Who taught you how to put on a scarf?” John wondered, taking the ends out of her hands and wrapping it snuggly around her neck. “And- well, this was Sherlock’s.”
John had tried to do just that: fulfill his purely ceremonious duties, tell Kendal what a stand-up chap her father had been, possibly attend the funeral, and go on.
She kept crying. John kept holding her, kept making these soft, soothing noises that didn’t sound like words. Somehow, one of his hands found her hair and started stroking her soft, dark tresses.
“You don’t do normal, Sherlock. Kendal has to, alright? And we have to for her sake, alright? Things are different, now. That’s what happens over two years.”
She lifted the first picture out of the box and looked at it. It featured Victor and herself after last year’s school musical. They both had ensemble roles, but it had been all kinds of fun and had convinced Mrs. Granger and Mr. LePort to let them take AMT this year. They owed so much to that show. She smiled and put that one on the vanity, right next to her hairbrush.
And Oliver was all good-natured adolescent self-deprecation, and offered to teach Kendal ukulele chords when she unwrapped her gift (surprise, a ukulele) from Mrs. Hudson.
“Look, he loves you. And you love him, too. I’m not saying you have to like, call him dad or anything, but you might want to think about opening up a little. I know that that’s hard and I have no idea what I’m talking about and can’t even begin to understand what you’re going through, but it’s how I feel. That’s how I view the situation.”
But wasn’t until May 18th, the day before Kendal’s party, that John realized that he didn’t have a gift for her. He knew that Kendal, bless her, wouldn’t hold a lack of present against him, but still. Birthdays were important.
Victor’s parents had tried their best to act like everything was normal during dinner, but Kendal knew that nothing was normal.
He went on dates. He asked out women he saw on the tube or in cafes. Some of them went well, most of them didn’t lead to second interactions.
John wanted to laugh, but didn’t. He just walked up the front steps with his goddaughter and stopped at the door.
She couldn’t fit through the vent, and even then, she would probably just wind up lost in the ceiling, anyway.
“This is nice.” Victor said. Kendal knew that he was lying through his teeth and loved him all the more for trying.
“Did it occur to you that maybe he would want to be bothered by this? Maybe he wants to be a part of your life, Kendal. You’re his goddaughter, for God’s sake.”
“He g-got- he got away…” Kendal choked out, propping herself up so she was knelt in front of Sherlock.
She found a bench beneath a flowered arch far enough away from where her father was going to be buried. That was where she sat down and allowed herself to have her tears.
“Just through observation.” He said. “The first time we met, he asked me if I had served in Afghanistan or Iraq. He knew because of the tan on my wrist, he knew about Harry-“
He supposed that if Kendal were happy, her eyes would be just like her father’s. But Kendal wasn’t happy. Kendal was devastated, and he realized that from the first moment he saw her.
Two years of cheap vodka and sleepless nights and desperation. Two years of wondering what on earth he would be able to do with himself until God finally stopped his heart.
A few meters away, John Watson was trying to look away from Kendal Evans, but it was like trying to tear his eyes away from devastation.
The world started to clear. Kendal managed to get to her feet just as someone started walking towards Sherlock. He was a tall, scarily skinny gentleman with milky white skin and hollow eyes. Kendal shivered.
Kendal opened her mouth like she wanted to reply, but decided against it. Instead, she nodded her head.
“The scrapes we got into,” John said, shaking his head. “Very near misses, Kendal Elaine, very near.”
She and John had never embraced before this moment. That was probably weird, seeing as they had lived together for almost a month and a half.
“You could have died,” John said, louder, placing his hands on Kendal’s shoulders. “You can’t do that, Kendal. I can’t lose you, alright?”
“He was a silly man.” John said, mostly to himself. “I just-“ he looked at the newspaper, then at Kendal. “Why don’t you go get changed?”
Kendal arrived in Baker Street after her audition that evening, fretting over the callback list that would be posted in the morning.
Kyle himself was standing behind her now, still in his black suit from the funeral. He looked about as out of place as she felt in this shabby flat in the middle of London. He and Victor, holding her bags and boxes of things, would never look like they belonged here. The only thing that looked natural was Dr. Watson, who was behind them, looking lost in his natural habitat.
“I wouldn’t have let anything happen to her. I wouldn’t let anything hurt something so dear to you.”
John walked to the coffee table. Surely enough, notes about the industrial revolution, written in the twirly cursive only a twelve-year-old could produce, were sitting on the coffee table.
But that didn’t mean letting a complete stranger take her in. Especially one who used to run around with Sherlock Holmes.
“Not yet,” Kendal answered. John wasn’t surprised, he had barely mentioned Kendal at the clinic. Was that normal? Did people talk about their children?
John remembered Kendal mentioning Amy’s mother, something about how her new career had turned her into an entirely new woman. He remembered Kendal mentioning that she was, to use her words, “pretty like Amy.”
He wondered if he ever had friends like this, friends that could have helped him in his time of grief.
“It really is nothing, I just- well, sometimes I wonder if- maybe there was something more going on with them. Like, relationship-wise.”
It was a thin silver chain with a matching silver pendant, a treble clef with tiny rhinestones that caught the light and sparkled. He checked the price and saw that it was far from expensive, but he knew that he would have spent a fortune on it. This was practically made for Kendal; it was small and simple and musical, it was pretty to look at, it shone from far away and sparkled up close, much like the young lady herself.
“And you couldn’t-“ John stopped talking and turned to Kendal. “Kendal, could you give us a moment?”
Like blue shampoo and purple conditioner (the bottle was purple, anyway) and deep-pore acne cleanser and soap that smelled like lavender, all in a separate shelf in the shower.
She took a deep breath and sat down on the bare bed. It was a nice room, she realized as she glanced around. There were some windows and walls and some furniture. That was all she needed, after all.
“This,” He said, glancing at John. “Is one of the best men I’ve ever known. He and Sherlock- well…” He shook his head. “The stories they could tell you.” He looked up at John again. “I’ll get your old table ready, shall I?”
Victor laughed and sat beside her. “I didn’t mean to scare you, though it was funny to see you jump out and right back in to your skin.”
“...authorities, after a two-year investigation, have found that the late Sherlock Holmes was indeed innocent for his supposed crimes of kidnapping, murder, and fraud.” She read softly. “Oh, John-“
She knelt before one of the boxes and lifted the lid. All of her books stared back at her. Kendal loved books. She took them from the box by the handful and transported them to the bookshelf, arranging them by color. A select handful went to the bedside table.
Kendal laughed. They had a good enough view of the funeral party from their bench. Kyle appeared to be crying now, so did most of her father’s coworkers and his boss. So many people had shown up, even the lady who made her father’s coffee (and Kendal’s chai) every morning.
It wasn’t until they were halfway through cake, when the sun had disappeared behind the horizon, when Mrs. Hudson asked Kendal and her friends to play them a song.
Victor felt his stomach twist. Kendal looked up and saw him and motioned for him to sit beside her. He complied.
Next was her clothes. Kendal knew that she had more clothes than anyone would ever need, but a budding fashionista needed to be well-dressed.
Kendal blinked tears out of her eyes and set it on the bedside table. The roses and her jewelry box went on top of the dresser.
And he stayed invested until she took her bow alongside Victor (he was sure that was Victor, her best friend, she had mentioned him time and time again) and as he made his way into the foyer, surprised at how eager he as to collect his performer and congratulate her.
Victor shook his head. Kendal had been talking like this often in the last few weeks, sounding like she was all grown up instead of almost thirteen. He supposed she had had to do lots of growing up recently.
John nodded his head. He was almost smiling. Kendal slid it to the center of the room and knelt beside it, her gaze implying that it was her most treasured possession.
And, in a way, he didn’t expect his own grief to lessen, just the least little bit, as he talked to her more. He didn’t expect himself to eat more often when he gently, but unmistakably firmly, told Kendal to eat something. He didn’t expect to want to talk to her about anything but their dead loved ones.
John Watson hadn’t moved the violin on his mantle since Sherlock had died. Everything else had been donated or put away, but every time he tried to move his detective’s beloved instrument, his nerve failed him. He felt a connection to the violin, one he couldn’t quite explain.
“John?” Kendal was already outside, standing on the sidewalk, waiting for him. John stepped out of the cab and joined her.
Sherlock shrugged. “I can’t pinpoint an exact moment. It began to get annoying when Moriarity took me to the rooftop and threatened to kill you, but I think it began before then.”
Mrs. Hudson sent John and Kendal to the store with a list of party necessities two days before Kendal’s birthday.
“I’m sorry, Kendal. I really am. You’re not a bad person, but sometimes I don’t think you’re very fair to him.”
There was a cab parked outside of Baker Street. Kendal didn't think anything of it until someone got out of the car and walked towards her.
After what seemed like a long, winding journey, he reached the last step before the door, trying to focus on opening that and walking in, keeping his thoughts away from Afghanistan and Lestrade texting him about old times and pretty doctors who, on the off chance that they gave him a chance, would just wind up being as mundane as Sherlock wanted them to be-
“Of course I am,” John said. “She- she really is something, and of course. I am so proud of her. If you’d- if you’d excuse me. Kendal, you said you had a ride home?”
John nodded. “He thought that he was chasing after someone in a cab, but the murderer wound up being a cabbie…”
The next morning, it was business as usual. Kendal ate her cereal and drank her tea and bade him goodbye.
But one of her hands was at her throat, her fingers gently clasping the pendant on her new necklace.
Kendal tried to be more open with John. She spent time in the living room instead of holed up in her bedroom. She asked him for help with homework. She asked him to quiz her over test materials. She tried to eat without his prompting, and let him gently coax her into finishing the last few bites of her pasta or tacos. She asked him about work.
"Hullo, you two!" Molly greeted them at the morgue's swinging doors. "I've a fresh one, Sherlock. See if you can guess how he died."
Sherlock stayed still for a few moments, then glanced sheepishly over his shoulder with lust blown eyes.
His cock was…well, ‘massive’ was the only word that really encompassed it. It poked out of a nest of blonde-auburn curls, half hard and eager. Sherlock’s own cock jumped at the sight and he wondered if that torpedo could even fit in his arse.
Sherlock picked up the offending bottle, opened the loo's little window, and lobbed it into the alley.
He’d scared the servants off and they’d hasted away, leaving him alone with his bags of clothes and things he’d brought. The one thing these bags didn’t contain was opium and Sherlock wondered how hard it would be to locate some in this wretched castle. If ever he needed a high, it was now. Surely there was some nefarious person downstairs who could get him some. He reasoned that away from home turf it would be way too easy for Mycroft to find out and he pushed the idea aside. He growled under his breath and pushed the velvet window coverings. The room looked out over the Iron Sea. He could see the dark water frothing and churning. It stretched out into the fading horizon falling under a starry night sky. He closed the drapes and a knock sounded on his door.
"That'd be great!" He said with a grin. She took the dip into the other room and John grabbed a bacon-wrapped date before heading back upstairs. It was a bit disingenuous to join a book club mainly for the food, but as long as he paid his way in the form of reading and conversation, he saw no real harm. His trousers might not like the extra snacking but hell, it was Christmas. He'd walk home from work to make up for it. 'Tis the season and all. He hoped the next week's book was a good one.
"If you'd like." The female medic said. "Nothing felt broken when we palpated the area, but it's up to you."
Sherlock took a deep breath, inwardly grimacing as the drool flowed steadily out of his mouth and onto the carpet. He knew it looked painful and restrictive. The way he was crouched over and bound. If Mrs. Hudson walked in right now she would probably assume he was being punished. He wasn’t though, and honestly this all felt very nice. John’s subspace must have renewed his urge to dom, and Sherlock loved it. He was focused completely on John—on his breathing, on the subtle shifts of denim on green leather, on the fact that his cock was pulled back at a
