“Uh, thanks,” Kevin says, just as Charlie cuts in from her workstation with, “I thought you were going dancing?”
“Car,” Castiel agrees, and keeps his hand on Dean’s back the whole way down.
him, leaving Dean clinging desperately to his shoulders. “A waltz, at a bare minimum, needs to be in three fourths time and strongly accented on the first beat. It is neither.”
Sam twitches, but doesn’t respond, Dean taps him sharply on the leg, still looking out the window.
At the end of the workday, Dean’s a little slow wrapping up and Castiel comes looking for him. There’s no one else in the office when a hand lands on his shoulder and squeezes. Dean doesn’t jump, just leans back into Castiel’s stomach as he finishes typing, then looks up.
"So what's going to happen if the referendum is held?"
"Great," muttered Dean as he put them on, "just what I wanted to hear."
The shorter boy nodded. “Doing good. You?”
"Really? How's that going for you?"
The girl sighed, finally smiling. “I’m happy for you, Dean. I guess I just thought the three of us would be omegaist musketeers forever, you know? It’s weird that you’re moving on.”
The older man followed his gaze. “That,” he said, “is a present.”
“Let me just drain the green beans and toss them with a bit of pepper, and then we can eat. You wanna take the soup over to the table for me?” he asked, turning the heat off under the burner.
John's face took on an expression of pity. "But they do, Dean," he said quietly. "A man like Novak is never going to be interested in someone who spends eight hours a day covered in motor oil."
Dean rolled his eyes. “No, a puppy,” he muttered sarcastically. “Of course I mean a kid! There are a lot of children out there that aren’t lucky enough to have families and you’d be a wonderful father - if slightly tapped,” he tacked on, chuckling.
Dean managed not to snort. He didn't exactly talk about Bobby much - except for that time that he quoted him on the alpha welfare issue, which wasn't anything even Cas could deem 'nice'.
“I won’t,” he assured his father. “Why are you calling?”
Dean was shocked. "Never?"
Dean started walking again, no longer nervous. "Well, I'd love to wear them," he said with a grin, "so if you think you can spare them?"
“They sure managed to insinuate it.” Dean sighed heavily. “‘Abuse’ and ‘child nearly dies’ sure sound like attempted murder to me. I feel like I’m wearing a scarlet letter of some kind.”
"As far as I know, not one." Bobby shrugged.
cheese platters," the omega assured him with a laugh. He didn't think he had ever heard the words cheese and platters so many times in just a few-second conversation. "They are nothing like what you're used to, trust me. We have some French goat cheese with cranberries, some feta with avocado slices, then some other soft European cheese with grapes and mozzarella with tomatoes."
Dean baulked. “I don’t want to do that to my dad. Besides, it’d probably backfire; he’d get more stubborn and reluctant to help himself.”
Dean sat up before deeming it useless and standing up on his tip toes, trying to see the man behind the name. "He's the one with the new Voting Bill, right?" he asked, still craning his neck.
"You do that," agreed Castiel, rolling on top of Dean. "Not now though. Now we have better things to do."
That sounded... nice. Dean was sure he could do that. He loved kissing and he was sure that were Cas to caress him, he'd like that too. He could almost imagine them sitting on the comfortable couch Cas had in the living room, pressed against each other, hands running over backs and chests. Dean looked down as he felt a stirring in his groin. Nice, indeed.
Dean went through the back, telling Bobby he had a customer waiting to pay and that he would bring the car around.
Dean nodded, closing his eyes and nuzzling underneath Castiel’s chin. “Bobby also gave me an idea about what to do with Dad,” he broached the subject carefully.
And employment, thought Dean as he went back to the search bar and wrote
Cas, bless him, took a whole five seconds to process the sentence. "You want money," he said just as Dean opened his mouth to try and diffuse the situation. His voice was deadpan and Dean felt his heart leap into his throat. This was a nightmare.
Bobby shrugged. “He was an alpha, if it helps.”
“Dadada, I’s sowry.” Aaron’s lower lip trembled and his bright blue eyes swam with tears as he looked up at his father.
“That’s how it should be,” asserted John, respect in his voice, and Dean decided to enter the room.
Then Cas ended up in a meeting that ran over, and the following day, Dean was enmeshed in the guts of a Porsche 911, replacing the engine. That resulted in tonight being the first time they had the will to contemplate more - and the luxury of the house to themselves.
Dean scowled. "Don't ask."
Dean felt a bit taken aback by the conversation topic shifting over to him. That didn't happen much, people always wanted to talk mainly about themselves. Yet, he managed to talk mostly about himself for the rest of the evening and Castiel seemed to enjoy it.
Dean looked pointedly at Castiel. "You saw me struggle, Cas; couldn't you have helped me?"
Gabe looked at him in astonishment. "What do you mean? All those years of- oh screw it, I don't know what bullshit to make up. Can you lot just help me with my bags?"
Castiel smiled at him and slowly lifted the fabric. Dean helped him by raising his arms above his head.
"Take it off of me, Cas."
They decided to set up their party near the lake, some of the more resistant people diving straight into the water, while the rest sat down on blankets they had either brought from home or snatched from the hotel.
Dean made sure to look sheepish. "That was Senator Novak. He wanted to speak to me about some stuff."
Castiel added dryly, “Especially ones they aren’t sure are food or drink.” He’d presented the twins with a whole variety of things - household cleaners, juice, a sponge, a loaf of bread, makeup, a banana, a lead pencil - and made them identify whether each one was safe, or whether they needed to check with an adult first. He’d turned it into a game to keep both boys interested, but he’d also made sure they understood it was dead serious.
“Just us?” his husband repeated, looking pleased by the idea. “What about everyone else?”
The politician shut his mouth, staring at Dean in surprise. "What?"
He would see if he still had the courage tomorrow but he really felt like going to the party.
"Suit yourself, I just wanted-"
Dean nodded. Omegas tended to be third-class citizens no matter where they lived. As often happened when he thought about omega rights, he felt a surge of gratitude for Castiel. His alpha mate wasn’t at all hung up on typical expectations for alphas, betas and omegas.
“Then you need to stop blaming yourself. There’s nothing you could have done to prevent it. Loose cap or not - we all know how Aaron won’t quit when he’s determined to get into something-”
Castiel sipped on his water. "We want to lower them."
Bobby.
Dean raised his eyebrows in surprise. “You do?”
Once they were happily munching on their pasta, Dean explained, “There’s no way I can avoid the limelight now that I’m mated to Cas. What I do reflects on him, whether I want it to or not. So I want to learn to be an asset to him, not just some know-nothing omega.”
Dean shook his head. "Your explanation was fine; I just don't agree with you."
“Oh, puppy, of course it will happen again.” Meg chuckled. “You should watch some of the supposedly adult politicos have a tantrum; they outclass you any day.”
"Good job, boy," said the man who told him his name was Bobby Singer. "What's your name?"
"About omega rights and stuff," mumbled Dean, not wanting to lie to his brother but not really wanting to discuss it too much.
“Help yourself,” Dean told Charlie. “If I drink that all by myself, I’ll be spending the afternoon in the bathroom anyway.” He’d barely been drinking anything, never mind eating, so he figured the liquid was bound to flow right through him.
A couple minutes later, his breakfast was ready. The omega brought his plate over to the living room, so he could watch the telly while he ate, and turned on some sort of animal channel. He scarfed down his food to the sounds of mating tortoises - which were a lot louder that he could’ve possibly anticipated - before propping his feet up on the coffee table and leaning back in his seat to relax. He wasn’t even really tired but he found his eyelids growing heavy with boredom and soon he was snoring away, the sounds of mating animals still resonating in the room.
Gabe scowled playfully, huffing out a quiet, “Damn.”
Castiel watched in amazement as a small porbeagle shark swam above their heads. "I take my previous statement back," he said, eyes twinkling; "predators can be cute. Look at that, Dean."
"You're going to like
"At first they were just arguing quietly. The girl apparently wanted to wait with their mating until they were both of age but the guy was impatient and accused her of cheating on him. Said that since she didn't want to mate with him, she didn't really love him. She went angry, telling him she just wasn't sure if she wanted to be mated yet because she was so young, barely presented, but the guy was insistent."
"I am always going to be too young, Cas, and that's not going to change. There's always going to be twenty or so years between us."
The older man nodded, walking over to where his mate was sitting on their couch. “Well, it
Dean snapped out of his musings when he noticed the senator looking at him with his eyes narrowed in contemplation.
As simple as that.
Dean remembered Cas running his hands all over the lacy boy shirts and pressing kisses to his skin just above the waistband, but he wasn’t sure how they’d got to the bed or where their clothes disappeared to. He certainly wasn’t arguing with the results though, pleasure sparking everywhere as Cas kissed his way down the underside of his arm. He shivered, his toes curling as Castiel sucked his thumb and then his index finger, into his mouth. His response to having his fingers sucked mortified Dean a little, not just because of the way it made his body tremble and his toes curl but because he always worried about whether he’d really gotten his hands clean before he left the garage.
“Well, put that in the letter to Santa,” Dean says, double-checking the tag. Samuel Winchester, SFO to ORD to BOS. Gotcha.
“It's perfect,” Castiel says with real feeling, and kisses Dean while Dean’s laughing at him.
Dean is momentarily frozen in surprise, but feels almost like he should have expected this— old man Talbot’s getting on these days and doesn’t travel out of London that often, and his granddaughter has become something of a figurehead for him abroad. A Christmas party would be the perfect opportunity for her to press the flesh in the Boston offices. Yeah, he should have expected it. That doesn’t make it welcome.
The plan, as proposed by Ellen over Thanksgiving, is to spend the morning in the Queens Center to get the serious shopping out of the way, go back to the house to grab lunch, then head into the city to hit as many of the holiday landmarks and Christmas markets of Manhattan as possible. The timing part of the plan falls apart before they even get down to Elmhurst; Ellen floors it through a light Dean and Jody get caught at and then they can’t find parking spaces within three city blocks of each other, Ben dutifully holding Dean’s phone up like a Ham radio while Ellen swears then apologizes multiple times, Lisa keeping tabs on Jody through her own phone. Dean gives up on the lower levels of the garage and circles up, up, up to the top.
“Oh, fantastic,” Dean says cheerfully, compacting it into a nice little projectile.
“He’s here,” the man says with a slightly impatient edge. “He’s a part of the dance now, too. As long as he does not break our covenants, he will emerge unharmed when we welcome the day. If you want the same for yourself, you’ll put away the knife.”
“It’s early dismissal, honey,” she says, still typing away. “All one hour and forty-five minutes of it.”
“We’ve got plenty of stuffing and gravy, still, and the jello salad,” Ellen says, disappearing into the kitchen. “Oh, and the extra pie. Don’t need that around here.”
“Yipee ki yay,” Castiel says, surprising the hell out of Dean, and adds, “I’m not a complete recluse, you know,” when he asks where he’d seen it. “It plays on late night television quite frequently this time of year.”
“You’re eager to see him, I know,” Castiel says, sarcasm creeping in as he adds, “I would just note that getting into an accident would delay us significantly more than obeying traffic laws.”
“Sam—” His baby brother flips him off and Dean makes a face. “Fine then, bitch.”
“Noted,” Dean says, lying on his stomach in bed with his head propped on his hand. “You’re totally blameless here.”
“Would you look at that,” Dean says, spotting the sign two floors below them. “I think it’s cinnamon roll time.” And if Dean delivers him to Lisa with an incredibly sticky face and white frosting all up his sleeves, Ben’s more than earned it.
“Yes, you’ve said,” Castiel says, typing distractedly on his work phone. “That’s why I usually take a—”
Nabokov gets laboriously to her feet and steps all over her daughter on her way to the lap Dean’s just made. Dean stands back up before she gets there, but scoops her into his arms and letting her knead him with her sharp little claws while he makes another slow circuit of the upstairs rooms. “Cas?”
“Yeah, maybe,” Dean says, biting his lip against what he knows would be a godawfully dopey smile. He drops his chin on Castiel’s shoulder to ask, “Hey, Cas. Wanna head out?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Take— Dean, oh, Dean,” Castiel babbles, trying to draw his knees up. “Dean, if you don’t take these
things off I’ll—”
“We kept getting these emails from Dean about his
lose that.”
Boston MA 02118
Assistant Controller of Finance, Talbot Partners
“Or a big fucking hook,” Dean continues, because he doesn’t want to ruin the mood or anything here but looking at a job half-done is giving him hives. He’d run out of rungs about five feet shy of the top, and the final string of light waits forlornly draped over the paint tray.
“Knew you would,” Dean whispers back. “Now you just gotta meet Sam.”
“Help, oh help. I’m being robbed,” says a voice from behind them, and Dean grins.
His phone rings again on way back, and Dean has to pull a glove off to answer. “Hello?”
“Alrighty, then.”
“So sure,” Dean affirms. “All of it.”
Benny, who’d been looking over his shoulder, says,
Tuesday, December 06, 2016 2:22 PM
“We could do our own clothes?” he suggests breathlessly, still working on Castiel’s zipper. He’s wearing white boxers and straining obscenely against the fly, hips twitching into the mostly-accidental brushes of Dean’s fingers.
The sender is J. Mills, the postmark from New York two days ago. The paper feels cheap but that’s Jody all over, the kind of woman who has so many people on her list she buys a 50-pack at Walgreens and just signs her name below the generic greeting inside. Dean knows, he’s seen her do it.
Castiel pants. “Take them, ah—”
“Have fun with that,” Dean grunts, a little grumpy from the snow in his boots and resulting wet socks. He hangs up while Victor is still emoting at his television and Benny’s girls are protesting school. He doesn’t want to have to come back out here until tomorrow, so he makes himself trudge all the way down the drive to the road, clearing up the more egregious mistakes the snow removal service made on the way, before coming to the road and breaking down the ridge the municipal plow left too.
Why Naomi DeVille?
“Well, as long as everyone’s
There’s about a fifty-fifty chance he will, even if they drive straight home and never leave the car. Dean watches him wind it around his neck three times and sigh blissfully, and thinks it’s probably worth the risk.
The man’s hand drops slightly. “Why?” he asks, sounding puzzled.
“Ah! Yes,” Castiel says hurriedly. “Castiel Milton. I’m Castiel.”
Dean stoops down and comes up with a double handful of snow.
“We should do something that warrants the tux soon,” he says to the half-asleep lump he’s lying on. “You looked good in it.”
“You’ve got that look on your face,” Victor says. “It’s probably a sex thing.”
“My life was much more predictable before I met you,” he muses as Dean unlocks the car for him, slipping inside while Dean heaves the tote into the back seat.
“Well, it’s what you do when you’re mad at
ow! God, Cas,
she complains.
Whatever internal tempo Castiel’s keeping seems to slow at that, to more closely match the beat of Ella’s soulful question. Dean slowly lets his death grip on Castiel’s collar ease, and as Castiel turns them, again and again, he finds the thread of the lyrics again.
Then he puts it back on and goes and works on the car, because he’s late on her oil change and kind of wants to stay mad for a minute. Dad had a cynical little saying about that: the best time to work on the car was always in winter, at night, after driving it through snow and ice and chemical salts. If it wasn’t dripping nasty grey sludge on your face, it wasn’t real work.
“No,” Castiel says slowly. “This is likely from Gabriel.”
“I believe he’s asleep,” Castiel says in a low voice. He’s twisted in his seat, hand on the leather near Dean’s shoulder. “Should we wake him?”
Castiel calls from somewhere upstairs.
Castiel is scowling at their feet, now, his hand on Dean’s arm suddenly rising to grab Dean’s wrist. “That’s not how it goes,” he mutters, lifting the hand to his shoulder. “I think, like this—”
Re: Re: Re: Re: Re: Re: Re: Fw: Talbot Boston Holiday Party - Call for Support
“... mmhm.”
Tuesday, December 06, 2016 1:41 PM
“I’m taking them off,” Castiel says, and Dean pushes himself up on his knees, holding out a hand.
“Well?” Castiel says, but the tension has mostly drained from his body. Dean risks a quick kiss, and he sighs deeply but allows it.
Castiel fixes him with a red-cheeked glare, but slowly straightens and takes a step towards the bed. Dean snags him as soon as he’s within grabbing range, reeling him in so he can get out the worst of the chuckling with his head on his chest.
“Jesus,” Dean mutters, and slams the door closed. He pulls the beautiful black merino from his own neck and hands it to Castiel as he climbs into the driver’s seat. The Impala warms up slower than most. “
It isn’t, but Dean only has twenty more feet to go before he can get off the damn ladder and he hasn’t National Lampooned himself yet. He unclenches one hand from the top rung to wave in what he hopes is a carefree way, and says, “Look! Totally fine. You wanna pass me the last strand?”
Dean says, and pulls the top open.
“Yeah, and you can take first watch,” Sam says, pulling his coat up over his face.
“You, uh, want to stay with the car?”
“Put the cones out.”
” Castiel snaps, squeezing his fingers painfully tight. “That was incredibly irresponsible.”
“The last I heard, he was the lead singer in a Jimmy Buffet tribute band in Pensacola.”
“It’s a park, Cas,
The snow is tapering off a bit as the sun gets higher, but they’ve still got about two feet at the lowest points and Castiel’s pants are caked to the thigh. When he gets close enough, Dean can see he has snowflakes on his eyelashes and a hangdog expression.
“Tell her to stop!” Kevin says immediately, pointing an accusatory finger at Charlie.
“We led the dance most of the night,” Castiel says. His hand reaches the nape of Dean’s neck and squeezes gently. “I wouldn’t be surprised if we made several miles out of it, in the end.”
“Dean!”
“Yeah,” Dean says. “Okay. See you upstairs.”
“This song is not a waltz, Dean,” he says disapprovingly, and
“How friggin’ hard is it to just roll from the end?” Dean mutters, grabbing his own toothbrush. “C’mon, sweetheart, work with me here.”
Sam holds up the battered 1995 Rand MacNally they keep in the side pocket, turned to a page of uninterrupted green. “We’re going to die,” he announces.
Also, surprise! Creative’s in charge of baked goods. Again.
“Ooo, I do!” Charlie says, still prone.
Castiel exhales loudly. “I hope you’re satisfied,” he says, and steps out of the closet.
Front Office Manager, Talbot Partners
“Shhh,” Castiel stays, laying a hand on his chest. “Just look.”
“Do we?” Dean asks, which is a stupid question and earns him the world’s most excruciatingly methodical handjob, the space under the sheets going languorous and molten with heat. Castiel spends an inordinate amount of time sucking dark marks on his neck and chest, nipples plucked and pinched in his teeth while Dean moans and Castiel's palm goes slick, slicker with Dean’s precome until Dean finally makes a fist in his hair and growls, “Get your dick out or I swear to
The mail gets dumped next to Wednesday’s equally large stack, on top of Sunday’s scattered papers— more ad copy than news, the inversion getting more pronounced the closer they get to the holidays. Given a lazy morning, Dean tends to spend hours pulling the Times and Globe apart to check the placement of campaigns the company works on— a habit that leaves sections strewn over flat surfaces all over the rooms downstairs and does not endear him to the other reader in the house.
“I think…” Castiel stares at the piled logs, crumpled paper and the starters slotted between them. “I think it’s working.”
missouri.moseley@talbotpartners.com
Dean laughs and lies back, folding his arms behind his head and grinning up at Castiel when the man eases away to see his face. “Do your worst,” he says to those storm-dark eyes. “Do whatever you want.”
“Seriously,” Dean says, eyes on the maybe-glow through the trees. “Look behind you.”
She also has a tendency to pick the most eye-searing cards she can find, something Dean forgets until he rips the envelope open with a finger and is almost blinded by hot pink reindeer. “Jesus Christ,” he mutters. He flips it open in self-defense and glitter flakes off in droves.
Re: Re: Re: Re: Re: Re: Fw: Talbot Boston Holiday Party - Call for Support
Dean smiles against his lips. “Let’s go check.”
“Production is leaving,” Benny reports from around his computer screen, phone to his ear and mouth pulled away from the receiver. “Art and Design are leaving.
“Hello, Sam. I— it’s very good to finally meet you,” Castiel blurts, hand extending rigidly in front of him. His expression is as serious as a heart attack, and he might be close to having one if the slight tremor in his fingers is any indication.
Castiel says, though he sounds miffed about it.
“Call it,” Dean mutters, refreshing his email for the third time in as many minutes. “C’mon, you morons, call it,
“This
He steps onto the pale grass, unzipping his jacket as he goes. He reaches inside and registers the absence of the Colt’s comforting grip— left it in the car and God that’s stupid, so fucking stupid— right as something steps out of the shadows directly across from him, mirroring him through the fire.
This link no longer works (it's been THAT LONG, lol), but when first writing this in 2016 I found this geocities-era website with the
oh, God,” Dean chokes out, arm vise-tight around Castiel’s shoulder as fingers slip free to guide the head of his cock into place. They’ve been at this for what feels like hours, the world dark and far away outside the windows, and there’s so little resistance that Castiel bottoms out in one inexorable push, Dean’s head tipping back against the bed in a soundless shout.
“What’s in the box?” Benny asks, craning his head around the monitor.
, Dean, they’ve been awful and you know it— and that horrendous photo from the newsletter Charlie keeps forwarding.”
him and Dean needs to find an ass to kick.
“Dean?” he asks. “What are you—?”
“Come on, Cas, it’s a surprise,” Dean says to his husband, who on December 30 has only just thought to ask him. “I can’t tell you yet, that would ruin it.”
Downstairs, he gets out the chilling pizza dough and starts to work it pliable. He gets flour on the apron and all over the counter pretty much immediately, but by the time he hears the door upstairs open again it’s resting and he’s on to chopping vegetables.
Benny has made himself MC and is passing out numbers to be drawn randomly from a hat— “Remember, you can pick a new present to unwrap or steal someone else’s. The choice and the karmic consequences are up to you!”— and the ticket Dean gets is number thirty-six, Castiel nineteen. While they wait for their turns, Missouri picks a lumpy package that turns out to be a ceramic sad clown statue, Inias receives the gift of Yanni (the entire discography and poster), and Ambriel is the proud recipient of My Little Pony oven mitts.
Noticing this, Sammy unwittingly echoed Castiel, “I think that bill’s gonna pass, Dean. Lots of the other students say their parents support it, which means they’re keeping the pressure on their government representatives.”
marathon planned but if anyone opposes" - she gave them a spectacular bitchface - "I may be persuaded into a
Dean almost snickered at how aghast the brunette woman seemed, the increasing redness in her cheeks giving away that she was perturbed. Meg looked so horrified that you’d think
The waitress then smiled at Dean, her pen prepared above her notepad, which prompted him to blurt out, "I'll have the same," before frowning. "Wait, no. I don't want water, bring me a Coke or something," he told the waitress, making both her and Castiel chuckle.
"You're welcome," Dean muttered before quickly heading back inside the garage. Well, that was nothing if not awkward, thought Dean, hoping to hell he'd never see the man ever again in case he was forced to politely die of embarrassment.
Dean sighed, rolling out a clean leather rag next to the car, and lay underneath the four-by-four to begin dismantling the damaged parts. Soon it was clear that he would have to replace almost the whole thing as it was heavily damaged, and Dean didn't dare to leave even the smallest nut in place in case it was weakened. He brought over everything he needed, from the shaft itself to the U-bolts and oil seals, and began working.
Meg stepped in. “Get over it, oilcan,” she brusquely demanded. “Aaron’s okay, and everyone has learned a lesson - especially the imps.” Another fond smile stole over her face as she looked at the twins.
By lunchtime, Bobby and he had made significant progress with the Mercedes they were refurbishing, a major job which required both of them.
Castiel raised his hand in a halting gesture. "Excuse me for interrupting you, Dean, but no matter what sort of explanation you were given, it doesn't excuse this Crowley person's behaviour. It is no longer legal to refuse to employ someone based on their gender designation."
“Sammy.” Dean walked over and wrapped his arms around his brother. “Cas would never assume you’re like Dad. He judges people for who they are, not who their parents are. He wants you here with us just as much as I do.”
Dean nodded his assent. “That sounds great. I can’t wait to taste the whole thing; it smells wonderful.”
Dean nodded, stepping closer. "So," he began slowly, "what do you think of my workplace? Bobby was worried you would find it... dirty."
“Dean?” Megan prompted, her voice cracking like a whip as she poured the steaming coffee into her cup, filling it to the brim.
Dean almost whined. “That’s pretty late, Cas. I thought we could at least have dinner together.”
Charlie suddenly squealed, pointing somewhere ahead of her. "And that's Gabe right there!"
Dean shrugged as he slid into the passenger seat, looking around the otherwise empty car. "Where's everyone?"
Castiel cleared his throat, looking embarrassed for some reason. "No, I..." He paused. "I used to smoke, when I was younger. A lot. And no matter what anyone said, I didn't quit. Then my grandfather - who smoked four packs a day - died of lung cancer when I was twenty-two and I finally made myself quit, which despite my determination wasn't as easy as it sounds. I still feel like lighting a cigarette sometimes, especially when people around me are smoking."
He’d pleaded to be allowed to stay with Aaron - he knew from experience how terrified the little boy would be to wake up in the hospital without him or Castiel at his side - but the nurse who was handling the intake had started interrogating him as soon as he gave his son’s name, Aaron Novak. She hadn’t even needed to input the name into the computer system, immediately pursing her lips and eyeing him with distrust.
The omega felt his heartbeat drumming wildly. Was his dad serious? he wondered. He didn’t really trust the sudden turnabout. “What do you mean?” he asked hesitantly.
"What's for dinner?" asked his father instead.
"Oh God," moaned Dean again. He could literally feel his channel loosening in preparation for what was about to come. Cas started slowly thrusting his tongue inside and Dean bucked again. In fact, he started undulating underneath Castiel, forcing his opening at Castiel's face repeatedly, not able to control his movements.
It turned out that once again being an omega paid off as Benny let him have the bed along with Charlie, Jo and Gabriel, while he got settled on the floor.
But Dean wanted more than that; he wanted sex. It really was as simple as that; he wanted Castiel and he wanted him now. The only problem was that when it had come to it, he froze in place. Dean tried to approach the issue scientifically and identify what had made him hesitate but he wasn't very successful. He went back to his trustful article,
Cas opened his mouth, clearly intent on asking questions but something in Dean's face must've stopped him because he closed it again without making a sound.
With a last look around to be sure there were no stray toys lurking for anyone to trip over, Dean headed back to the kitchen. He just made a slight detour to the mudroom on the way, tossing the
Dean sighed, feeling a bit dejected. He had kind of hoped Bobby would tell him it was all right to consider mating with Cas. The hadn't really talked about it and Castiel might not even want to but Dean felt hopeful.
It turned out there were just enough rooms with closable doors to fulfil a person's need for privacy - such as the bathrooms, the bedrooms and Castiel's office - but the rest of the house was very open and some rooms, like the library, weren't really rooms at all because they had no walls whatsoever.
"What's wrong, Dean? Are you feeling ill?"
Dean swallowed a scathing response when Cas gave him a concerned look. This wasn't the time to argue. "Well, come on to the kitchen," he said instead; "we have some cheese platters on the counter."
Dean pulled out the vacuum cleaner and plugged it in, temporarily drowning the notes of the rhythmic  songs. He started singing along anyway, making up words when he couldn't remember the lyrics.
Dean felt righteous indignation rise inside him at his father's insinuations and he was so surprised by the unexpected fury that he immediately deflated. "Uh, right," he said after a beat.
Benny huffed playfully. "Fuck you too, Charlene."
Castiel chuckled.
"You know, 'it'," he said, "as in sex."
“Why do you need to know all that stuff anyway?” his brother asked. “I mean, you’re his mate, not one of his colleagues.”
“You think about Sammy!” John snarled. “What’s going to happen to him when I’m locked away? Huh? Who’s going to take care of him?”
"Because what they were saying is bullshit."
“Don’t you think John will try to drag him home?” Bobby asked sceptically. “He’s a right stubborn prick, that one.”
The senator smiled broadly as they entered the room, and Dean tried to see who Cas was looking at, without being obvious about it.
Dean ripped into the decorated wrapping excitedly, uncovering a flat black box with a picture of a tablet on it. He stared. “You bought me a tablet?” he breathed out. “I thought it would be a book or something, but you bought me a tablet. Wasn’t it too expensive?”
"So you just have to find a good mate and everything works itself out?"
, they’d got a lengthy, stern talking-to from their beloved Fava. Castiel was usually the easiest for the twins to manipulate, the normally commonsensical alpha turning into a puddle of goo in the boys’ hands. This time, though, with Dean overwhelmed by everything that had happened and John also mired in guilt, Cas had been the one to take them to task.
Castiel leaned closer, bringing their faces only about twenty centimetres apart. It felt intimate.
Dean woke up to the feeling of drool dripping down the side of his open mouth as his head was tilted to lean against the couch. He had apparently been so tired after cleaning the whole living room after one of John's binge drinking nights that he fell asleep in the middle of the afternoon. Dean stood up, wiping his mouth on the back of his hand and looked around. It was clean enough, he thought with a mental shrug of his shoulders; at least the suspicious stains on the coffee table were gone now.
The blonde then turned to Dean. "And you?"
“What?” Dean and Gabe asked in unison. It sounded vaguely familiar to the mechanic - like something that might’ve been mentioned in high school history - but it was no more interesting to him now than back then. Charlie must’ve paid better attention than he did, or maybe she just remembered because she was book smart, whereas Dean was a hands-on sort of person.
Dean changed the channel. Normally he would be interested in such a story but with the things that had just happened, he wasn't in the mood. He commended the girl for not wanting to change and he respected her right to want to be judged on her abilities, but with Dean's emotions as raw as they were, he felt disgusted by everything. Maybe she should just accept the fact that singers in this era had to fit a certain mould and that she just wasn't cut out for it. Just like Dean had to accept the fact that a freckled omega with a love of cars was nothing like what a senator would like in a mate.
Dean shrugged, not really sure how to react.
The rest of the evening passed quietly. The two younger men watched some adventure film on TV, while Castiel perused his notes for an upcoming vote on a long awaited change in the healthcare system.
Charlie smiled. "Nice as a person or nice as a sexual object?"
Dean immediately knew something was up. "It's okay, Dad. I'm sure Cas has somewhere to be and I've already taken up too much of his time and-"
John nodded. "Do you think he'll be able to go to school on Monday? He needs to keep up with his studies."
And now this. A baby. An honest to God, totally real baby. A cluster of cells cooking inside of his abdomen - half him, half Castiel. Castiel’s baby. Dean smiled despite his turmoil - he had a piece of Castiel inside him, which didn’t actually sound all that bad. Maybe he did want this. Maybe a sweet, innocent baby to cement their family was just the thing he needed.
Dean rolled his eyes. "I'm fine, just a bit overwhelmed."
He saw the other guy - who he now realized was the famous senator as well as Gabe's brother - look him up and down before smiling at him, a twinkle of interest in his blue eyes.
Dean smiled, feeling some of his distress ease, while gratitude and love took its place.
Dean shook his head again.
Castiel stopped and seemed to actually think about what Dean was saying to him - which made the omega feel a bit better about himself for standing up to the older man. "Explain it to me then," Cas finally said.
Quite pleased with himself for successfully completing his mission, the young omega idly browsed the store windows he passed by on his way to the taxi stand. He’d decided he didn’t feel like lugging everything on the bus; besides, it’d be just his luck to have someone nick his new togs.
We’re sorry for abandoning you lot for so long, we don't have a good reason other than that this chapter just wouldn't write itself. In the end, we just typed something up and hoped for the best, so it might not be up to the usual standard.
The omega stared at her. “Really?”
He would have to ask Castiel to explain it to him the next day because as much as the Conservative Party seemed pretentious, their political program actually seemed nicer.
Of course I was. I remember I was so nervous I hardly managed to take off her blouse and then she had to help me unclasp her bra. I had to help her unbutton my own trousers though, so I didn't feel too bad about fumbling. In the end, the sex itself wasn't even that wonderful. It wasn't bad, mind you, but I have experienced much better since then. Anna was a lovely girl though.
"You're my big brother, Dean; it doesn't matter that you're an omega."
The orange monstrosity pulled up next to him and a redheaded girl stuck her head out of the driver's side window.
Dean bit his lip, staring at Cas' contact number, Crowley's Autoshop staring back at him. It wasn't any use anymore to keep calling him that, so Dean tapped on the
Dean had to admit that the big-eyed shark did look a bit like he was giving them puppy eyes, so he smiled at his lover. "I knew you would see it my way, though I don't think anyone would believe that it was sharks that changed your mind about predator cuteness."
"I love our Chevy Impala. It's a '67 black and it's beautiful. I call her Baby."
“The police do that?” Gabe asked, his mouth hanging open.
A whole week later found Dean standing with his brother in front of the local school where the merit scholarship referendum ballot box was. Sammy had insisted on tagging along despite not being able to vote because he wanted to see what it was like.
Bobby raised his eyebrow. "Sure. How about your dad?"
Dean grinned. "Really? You mean that?
"Was that the first time you encountered such a blatant discrimination?"
Dean scoffed. Then maybe Castiel should've mated with this lovely girl.
Dean slumped down in worry as more taunts and insults were hurled at his mate. Castiel weathered them impassively, but the omega couldn’t help feeling guiltier - and more of a burden - than ever.
, honestly.
“Now you mix it in with the rest of the dry ingredients,” instructed the older man, pulling himself together, “while I start measuring out the wet stuff. First, 10 centilitres of oil, 25 centilitres of milk, a tablespoon of honey and - most importantly - a tablespoon of dark rum. Yummy. Then you can add the egg yolks.”
Benny chuckled next to him. "It's okay, brother. Stop grilling him, Charlie, and move it."
Batman pyjamas?"
Charlie chuckled for the front seat. "No need to be like that, Dean-cess; we're all equal here or did you forget?"
announced the fizzy-haired TV anchor with a pearly white smile.
The omega let Cas lead him away as he pressed the appropriate button to accept the call.
"I have just noticed how beautiful you are when you smile. I must not have seen it before."
John almost rolled his eyes. "Well, it's high time that man made it official. No one is going to believe me that we are an influential family if he doesn't take you as a mate."
"What's planned today?" he asked his boss.
“Sounds fun,” commented the older man, nodding along.
His brother chuckled wetly. "I already am... jerk."
Gabe rolled his eyes.
Castiel pressed his lips together. "Do you want me to come with you to talk to him?"
Dean’s brain halted at Gabriel’s words. “Gingerbread cake?” he asked excitedly. That sounded bloody wonderful.
Dean nodded wordlessly.
Sam lifted his head slowly. "Thirty-eight."
"Barton, the name's Barton. I brought my Ford here yesterday."
, but they’ll definitely teach you everything you need to know.”
"Eh, no?" Dean answered, thoroughly embarrassed.
happy for you.”
“We can post a copy on your front gate,” she continued. “It’ll be a lot more useful than those theses that buffoon Luther supposedly nailed to the church door in Wittenberg.”
Dean resolutely ignored the pang of guilt he felt at his father's pronouncement. "You have trouble making ends meet because you leave half your salary at the bars on your way home. Maybe if you didn't drink, you could afford to buy Sammy his books."
Dean turned off the computer, thoroughly disgusted, and went in search of his brother, figuring Sammy could use some meds again.
"What?"
Was she…
The alpha shrugged one of his shoulders. "I don't want to promise you something that won't happen but if he has any sense at all, he'll come."
Dean sat on the bed heavily, setting the glass of water down with a shaking hand. It couldn’t be, could it? He couldn’t be-
"What?" Dean questioned with outrage, "You can't be serious, Cas. He doesn't deserve it."
The blonde ran a hand through her hair. "It's not that. I suppose he's an all right guy and he does a lot for omega rights, but I just don't see what all the humbug's about. It's like every single omega wants his babies, I swear."
“What is with the glowering face this morning?” Cas asked gently. You’ve hardly touched your huevos rancheros, even though they’re very good.”
Dean reckoned that ‘not uncommon’ likely equated with ‘rarely’ so he threw out, “Like, what? One other kid in a million?”
The reporter's face appeared again. "The Liberal Colorado senator, Castiel Novak, known for his support of omegaist and betaist groups, also had some things to say."
Charlie looked at him like he was stupid. "I'm hungry, duh. Also, I want a beer."
The older man grinned. "Okay, okay. I'll tell you..."
"Come on in, Senator."
Dean was all of a sudden left so nervous he felt as if his stomach was making somersaults inside of him, occasionally bumping into some of his other internal organs and creating dark bruises on his insides. This was it, he thought; they were going to have sex and Dean was so not ready for it.
Dean smiled at his father hesitantly. “Hi, dad,” he greeted him.
If you liked this chapter, leave me a comment :)
Dean raised his eyebrows at him. "Something wrong?"
"Hello, Dean-o."
Giving the soup another stir, the omega turned down the heat under the pan a little. A bit at a loss - there wasn’t anything else to do in the kitchen since the table was already set - he decided to take a quick walk-through of the living room and make sure everything was neat and tidy. It wasn’t like that would last long once everyone returned tomorrow, but it would be nice for one night. He did straighten up regularly, but he didn’t mind if things were a little disordered.
It was at that point that the blonde waitress came back with their drinks, putting a pint of light beer in front of Cas and a pint of a dark, Coke-looking liquid in front of Dean. "What will you be having then?" she asked them after she pulled out her notepad.
Dean nodded. "Yeah, I guess."
Dean shot him a look. "Of course it matters. I read this article about having sex and it said we should both be satisfied with what we're doing."
Then there was the question about what he was good at. Dean thought about it carefully . He was good at repairing cars, he told himself proudly. He was also good at cooking, but not so much at cleaning. He wasn't very good at talking - he wasn't anywhere near as eloquent as Castiel - but he felt he did have a good head on his shoulders.
Crowley's professional smile dropped slightly, his patience thinning. "They all say that, kiddo. Look, I'm sorry but I can't offer you a job. That's final."
"Nineteen."
"Oh."
Dean smiled slightly. "All I ask of you is to respect my opinion, Cas. We don't always have to agree on everything."
"No, this douchebag- sorry, this Crowley person told me that he couldn't offer me a job since I was an omega."
Castiel looked taken aback. "That has nothing to do with it, Dean. There's no foresight in-"
“Do you have your laptop?” Dean inquired when Sammy came tumbling down the stairs not long after that, a large duffle bag slung over one shoulder.
Dean hesitated for a moment. Was he really ready to reveal all of himself to Castiel? He couldn't help but notice that the man was a lot more endowed than him, which might not have been surprising given their sexes, but it was still a bit unnerving. As Castiel's eyes softened and his hands moved to leave the waistband of Dean's pants, the omega decided.
"I'd rather have something sweet."
Gabriel nodded. "Yeah. Just because a forced mating bite is no longer recognized as legal doesn't mean that people think of it that way." He cleared his throat. "I haven't gone on the bus ever since."
bad for you, he mulishly thought to himself.
His friend must’ve plucked the question from his mind, Dean thought.
Dean rolled his eyes. "I'm not doing it again; this one's good enough."
“Erm, well.” His dad shuffled his feet, bouncing Noah in his arms a little and eliciting a giggle from the tyke. “Partly I was being selfish, wanting to keep myself supplied with bottles to neck,” he declared in the forthright, honest way he’d acquired in therapy - “and partly I genuinely wanted you to be happy, Dean. I didn’t realize until you showed me that an omega could actually function on their own. And uh,” he coughed, “as for the ‘result’ of you taking a mate, I never thought about that at all. I sure as fu- uh, heck, wasn’t thinking about becoming a grandfather.”
"Sex," he whispered to himself, feeling proud. Step one completed.
They walked in silence for a bit before Dean decided to talk about something that had nothing to do with the bad news. "I- uh," he started uncertainly, "I wanted to let you know that I understand what you're trying to do with the welfare benefits. I just still disagree."
Dean pursed his lips. "I'll try. Thanks for the lift, Cas," he said softly before exiting the car and slowly making his way up to the door. He pulled out his keys but before he could even stick them into the lock, the door opened violently to reveal the red face of John Winchester.
“Can I help you?” a young woman asked, glancing at the bags Dean was carrying and apparently deciding he could afford to shop in this store as he’d already been to Nordstrom.
The younger man was hardly able to believe the changes a couple of years had wrought in John. Since drying out at the detoxification facility, he’d been a different person, one the omega was still getting to know.
" and similar suggestions were glaring at him from the screen. Was that really what he was going to get every time he searched for something to do with omegaism? It was getting really old really fast.
The older man laughed. "And what do you think this was? A game of Twister?"
Castiel grinned. "Of course not. Bobby has been very fair and decent in his inquires. He merely wanted to make sure I was serious about a relationship with you."
Dean rolled his eyes. “No kidding, who for?”
A heat building in his blue eyes, Cas rose from his chair and stalked over to Dean. “Can’t that wait till later?” he asked, tipping his head at the dishes.
Dean turned around to come face to face with an ill-looking Sam.
The older man worried at his chapped lips. "You can invite him over, along with your brother, and show him where you'll be living. Present it as a peace offering and I'm sure he'll accept."
Dean looked out of the window, watching the countryside passing by. "I'm sorry to hear that," he said finally.
He made a mental note saying the Mercedes had to be taken apart before walking over to the next car. It was an old Škoda from the seventies and Dean grinned at the fact that the frame was still mostly intact. He looked at the chassis, inspected the brakes and the engine - well he tried to inspect the engine but after looking under the bonnet, he found it gone.
Dean rested his head on his mate’s shoulder. “I don’t know, Cas. That seems pretty soon - shouldn’t I have more lessons with Meg first?”
“More,” he urged again. “Please.”
Bobby shrugged. "That's what you have to find out for yourself. How do you feel when you're with that man of yours?"
Dean shrugged. "Then I will never be interested in him."
“No Santa, Gumpy?” Noah asked in a woebegone voice.
Castiel answered it with a moan of his own as he circled his tongue around Dean's opening. The omega couldn't help himself and bucked his bum upwards. "God, Cas."
“Dean?” came the senator’s voice from behind him.
They walked up to the register. "Two tickets, please," he said, his voice taking on a rasp that Dean found very attractive.
"You're so soft," whispered Castiel against his skin.
One was an omega girl called Jo, a pretty blonde thing, while the other was a beta man called Benny. Benny was slightly older than the three of them, already in his mid-thirties, while Jo wasn't eighteen yet.
Dean rolled his eyes. "Festivity? Really?"
Castiel nodded. "I agree that you might have been a bit rash in your actions, but I can assure you your feeling weren't unfounded. Your father has to grow up a little, in my opinion."
“No!” Noah yelled. “We’s good. Santa comes, right, Unca Gabby?” He looked up at Gabriel, his green eyes imploring his uncle to confirm that they were good from under a shock of dark brown hair.
Dean pouted. "But why? I told you I would be with my friends; nothing would happen to me."
It surprised Dean to have Meg ask that question. He’d have expected it from anyone else before her. Not that he’d ever heard the political coach say anything negative about children, but he’d thought she would be indifferent, at best. She just seemed so hard-boiled.
He wasn’t a
Dean could feel himself tensing up all over again. The young man wasn’t sure he could handle anything worse than what he was already dealing with.
The next day, after waking up in a sunlit room, freshening up in a huge shower and eating an egg-white omelette for breakfast, Dean accepted Cas' offered to take him home. He settled himself in the passenger seat of the other man's chick magnet and sighed in pleasure.
and Dean immediately clicked on it. It had a pleasant greenish layout - which was a lot easier on his eyes than most of the glittery sites he had visited until then - and seemed to be an official webpage of an omegaist group. He spent the rest of the evening browsing through the articles.
Castiel looked him in the eye. "Then trust me, Dean. Trust me that you are safe with me and come home with me."
It was completely accidental that he ended up only a few inches from the politician.
Dean gritted his teeth. "Move faster, Cas. I need more."
Dean grinned at his boss before hurrying into the locker room to text Cas. He asked him if he wanted to meet up and when he received an affirmative response, he asked for a lift. He got a yes to that as well.
He showed Cas around, pointing out vintage cars and original car parts, talking enthusiastically about what he was doing on each and every car he mentioned. By the time they were finished, it was time for Dean to actually start working and for Cas to leave. They said their goodbyes, exchanging a quick kiss and a smile.
Dean sighed. This wasn't helping him at all; maybe he shouldn't have skipped the question about what he thought of himself. That was another thing he wasn't very good at. Feelings.
"Yeah. He had a bad day at work, so he joined our movie night."
Dean took his hand away immediately, afraid he’d done something wrong. "Sorry," he muttered.
The older man tugged at the lace waistband slightly. “This is really hot,” he whispered.
“Jerk,” Sam whined, trying to fix up his hair.
"Doesn't it though?" asked Dean.
Dean blinked at his friend. What else could it be?
were you nervous your first time?
Megan went on, “Lieutenant Henriksen will have the detectives stop by this afternoon with a copy of the report.”
John didn't seem pleased at how their conversation went but he didn't say anything else as Dean went to sit on the couch as well, turning his attention to the TV.
"I'm sorry, what?"
Cas opened his mouth to answer, when a gruff voice from behind Dean interrupted, "Nice wheels."
"I told John that he won't get anything. I mean, he will for Sam but... you know?" Dean babbled.
The older man shrugged, completely unbothered. “Whatever. You can take it home with you once you finish working on it,” he promised Dean. “Keep in mind, though, that I won’t be paying you for fixing up this baby, so only after hours, okay?”
Dean raised his eyebrows. "He said that?"
Dean ran down the stairs as soon as he heard the knock on the door. He jumped from the second to last step, accelerating again after he turned into the hallway and barely managing to skid to a halt in front of the closed front door. He took a second, feeling relieved that he hadn’t smashed his face into the wood, before finally wrenching the door open.
“Think about it,” Bobby recommended as they discarded the remains of their lunch.
Charlie smiled at him a bit patronizingly. "No, Dean, it's not. It's dangerous, not forbidden. And it shouldn't even be dangerous; it's just those damned knotheads not being able to keep their alpha dick in their pants."
Dean would just have to wait till he heard it all from Cas.
that he couldn’t prevent the tears from escaping.
"You didn't, I'm sorry," Dean was quick to assure him.
"And don't you think that might be why it never worked out? They probably thought you didn't trust them," noted Dean.
Dean shrugged, not really feeling up to further discussion. "I don't think he would lie to me, saying there are really no funds for that if there were."
Castiel gave him a gummy smile as he turned to leave the bathroom. "You would
Unfortunately, going by all the booing and yelling, it seemed that Senator Novak’s opinion was in the minority in the senate.
He searched out the next best thing.
Castiel frowned, running his thumb over the back of Dean's hand. "That wasn't what you were worried about?"
Dean made a sound of understanding. "So you're not really concerned for anybody's health; you're just jealous," he said with a grin.
He’d decided to return home and tell John about the car. He hoped his dad would want to work together to overhaul the automobile and restore it to a pristine, like-new condition - just like they’d done with other vehicles when Dean was much younger, before alcohol had turned John into a belligerent, do-nothing wreck of a man.
“You what?” Dean asked quietly, disbelief on his face.
Communicate. Right. No chance of forgetting then; he might just have to tell Cas how he felt after all.
“For a few reasons,” the omega stated. “First and foremost, I want omegas - and betas - to be granted the same rights as alphas. None of us should be second- or third-class citizens. I can’t fight for our rights if I don’t know the issues.” After taking a swallow from his glass of milk, he continued, “Secondly, I want to support Cas. That’s what a mate should do.”
Suddenly, Sam frowned. "But aren't you then going to move? I mean, if you mate with him"
“Yeah,” Dean acknowledged. “He wouldn’t even eat that devil’s food cupcake Meg gave him until you said it was okay.”
Suddenly, Dean felt like all the oxygen left his lungs and his heart beat in his ears. There were soft and warm lips pressed against his own and Dean was stunned. Cas didn't even do anything, just rested his mouth against his, not moving, not nibbling, not anything... and it was the best feeling in the world.
Dean grinned, squeezing back. They walked in a comfortable silence after that, slowly making their way to Castiel's house. Dean was in a very good mood, throwing flirty glances at his companion and almost skipping next to him.
Cas grinned at him, chuckling quietly. "That's all right, Dean. You have all the time in the world to think about it."
Dean nodded and went on to start cracking the eggs. “You could always adopt?” he suggested quietly, not wanting to upset the older man but feeling like he should try and help him.
“Dammit,” Dean muttered in disgust as he tried to knot his tie for the fifth time, the annoying thing still ending up looking like a limp rag.
Dean was standing on the pavement in front of the local church. He had been standing there for the past ten minutes, and if his phone showed the correct time, he would still be standing there for just as long.
John got an eager look in his eyes. "And?"
Gilda nodded her head. "Charlie has told me a lot about all of you. I already feel like I know you."
Dean sighed. Now that he was thinking about it, John had been riding his ass a bit more recently and he figured the money issue for their family might be greater than he had thought. Yet again, Dean promised himself that he would get a job, no matter what anyone said, no matter how many pretentious betas decided an omega wasn't good enough for them.
"He's an alpha," deadpanned John, completely ignoring Dean's complaints, "I can smell him on you."
Dean watched Castiel come to a slight halt, his bright eyes flickering over Bobby's face in assessment. It didn't take more than two seconds but the pause was noticeable. Before anyone could comment on it, Castiel's polite smile changed into something more real, his professional front slipping off and giving way to the Cas Dean knew.
"It's okay, Sammy," Dean interrupted; "just go back to sleep. We'll talk when you're back on your feet, okay?"
Bobby squinted. "I know exactly what to think. I think it's bullshit to achieve equality by lowering standards of some to the level of others. We shouldn't all be equally poor and underappreciated; we should all be able to live equally well."
Meg must have the police station in her contacts, Dean realised.
It was at that point that Dean entered the room, his hands raised in a pretended surrender. "Is it safe to come in? No bloodshed yet?"
“There’s no sense in wasting my time on someone who can’t accept a bit of constructive criticism,” Meg sneered, gathering up the photos, shoving them back into her briefcase, and departing in a huff.
Dean started scrolling through his mental list of ingredients they had on hand before remembering Sam. "Sam would probably not appreciate that much; I'm gonna make some salad. But I might make you some version with mayonnaise."
it is for me, but perhaps you’d like some chamomile tea.”
Dean shrugged. "Well, I agree that we should have the same welfare as alphas but... I just don't know what to think."
Cas ruffled the lad’s hair as they passed by him, smiling reassuringly, before following Dean inside.
He fell asleep with the vision of better days coming.
"I looked like an imbecile, Cas. She's probably thinking that I'm retarded or something."
The next day, Dean barely managed to clean up and send everyone packing before John came back. He was in a right mood, growling at Dean something about breakfast before stumbling tiredly to his bedroom to sleep off the night shift.
Dean stared at him incredulously. “Yeah, but it’s Castiel’s money. I can’t exactly do whatever I want with it.”
Ten minutes into the ride, Dean's hands stopped trembling and he felt courageous enough to turn to Benny. "So, you're a beta."
Dean plated a buttered toast and a few slices of bacon on a plate, pouring his brother a juice. "Of course, eat your breakfast, Sammy."
Charlie just giggled evilly.
Not at all offended, his alpha mate huffed out a quiet laugh.
Charlie reached over and deftly swapped Dean’s plate out for another one, which now held three neatly cut wedges of scone - one each of the cranberry orange, blueberry and cinnamon apple. She passed a plate with more of the wedges over to Meg before plating some for herself.
“Sleepy,” Dean says, leaning over the bed to grab his pillow. Castiel had thrashed a bit at the end. “We were up until two last night with the oven, remember?”
“You think that’s going to work out well?” Benny drawls.
Shit. “I was just, you know. Thinking about how lucky I am to be here.”
“Celebrate all you like,” Castiel says, typing. “When you’re satisfied, I need something.”
victor.henriksen@talbotpartners.com; dean.winchester@talbotpartners.com; benoit.lafitte@talbotpartners.com; charlene.bradbury@talbotpartners.com
“I might be,” Dean says, smiling.
Dear Boston team,
Becky clutches it protectively to her chest. “It’s just a photo!”
“But it’s for the Accounting sweater party,” Castiel says, frowning at him. “Didn’t Charlie give you yours?”
They turn to stare blankly at him, as if they’d forgotten he was there again. “Ten,” Sam offers, after a second.
“What if we leave it at just this piece?” Castiel asks, leaning against the sink while Dean carefully dabs at his bleeding elbow. “Ow. We could prop it up, somehow.”
“Picked up on that, did you?” Dean says. “Why don’t you get up on the bed and find out.”
“What?” asks his husband, apparently unaware he’s wearing a preschooler’s Christmas card instead of a sweater.
Jody suggests, still lost somewhere in the levels below them.
In the last month? Because there have definitely been more pies than that
It’s not the thought of spicy goat wat drawing Dean in, though it sounds perfect for the weather. Parked next to the Ethiopian truck is Cookie Monstah, and standing with a noisy group of people clustered around the high window is a familiar figure in a baggy trenchcoat and steel blue scarf. Castiel isn’t facing Dean, head tilted back to study the menu while his coworkers— Dean recognizes Intern Alfie, that smug asshole Balthazar, and Hester—  take turns standing on tiptoe to order. He’s positioned just a little outside the fray, view unobscured from where Dean and Benny stand.
fall while I’m gone,” he orders.
Dean cranes his neck up and sees, in the shadows under the tree, Nabokov posed with all possible feline innocence just outside the first ring of boughs.
and Dean has to head this off right now or he’ll never have the high ground again.
“All right,” Castiel says, holding out Dean’s phone. “Let’s go.”
“We had a lake like this, at our lodge in New Hampshire,” Castiel says distractedly, leaning closer as Dean makes another shaky push. “Anna and I spent winter breaks there for years.”
The snow, powder over old, icy buildup, is up around Dean’s ankles on the roadbed and immediately to his knees as they ease off of it and into the transitional brush. Their Maglites are totally dead, another stroke of luck, but Dean has an LED crank light that gets brighter as he winds it, his bare knuckles already smarting with the new exposure. Sam follows a few feet behind with his own LED, trudging through Dean’s footprints. It’s slow going, the footing uncertain and the bushes and saplings dragging at their clothes— in Sam’s case, hair— until they break through into the true woods.
“Oh! You’re correct,” Castiel says, peering down at the newspaper in front of him. He picks up a pen and starts writing it into what Dean belatedly and with a titanic swell of relief realizes must be a crossword puzzle. The goddamn New York Times crossword puzzle.
The joints pop out and the tree, Dean, and Castiel go down in a heap.
“I hate your aunt,” he grunts, trying to force two metal joints together near the trunk of the monster tree while holding the top two tiers steady with one arm. “I hate her so much, fuck, what the fuck is this
“I made one of them,” Castiel says proudly. “It tastes very good.” Tastes very good, and looks like a pile of road apples. Dean lets him make the lie of omission, because he
“Nah,” Dean says, eyes on the road and smiling. “Don’t bother. The back seat always puts him right out.”
“Dean?” Castiel’s head appears in the doorway. He’s changed into sweatpants and a loose tee shirt. “Do you need help?”
Castiel insists, but sneaks one more kiss under Dean’s hood and then pulls away to walk up the narrow strip of cleared flagstone Dean’s made for him.  He disappears into the house, and Dean turns back to the snow with a sigh.
Nabokov obediently follows the rag and Sam dances out of the way, right into a puddle of melting slush, and all is right with the world.
actually worked worth a damn. He’s brushed everything out, used enough high-heat lubricant to slick a football field, and the fucking flue still acts like it’s welded in place. “I’ll brick you up and let Cas start with the sticks again, would that make you happy?”
“I promise to be as quick as possible,” Dean says. “I need a few things from the store before it closes.”
Tuesday, December 06, 2016 2:39 PM
In the next second, a small orange flame creeps over a middle log and starts to spread, but neither of them are looking.
Castiel’s eyes immediately go wide, and he stares over her shoulder at Dean in a mute plea for something— help, or interference. Dean just smiles at him; it might not have been the smoothest set of introductions from Castiel’s perspective, but Dean is pretty satisfied with the results.
“What is it?” he asks, eyeing the box. “When did it come in?”
Castiel says, voice brightening considerably.
Dean closes his eyes instead, stretching a little against ache in his back. They’d finally gotten the tree up around ten, which probably makes it near midnight now. They’d had to drag the unspeakably heavy assembly to a series of successively higher-ceilinged rooms when it became clear just how massive this thing was going to be, and ended up east wing hall. It’s a good room for this, or it will be: the long windows reflect the lights like bright constellations in the black, seamless sky-sea outside.
“Cas?” Dean asks, and then Castiel grabs him with both hands and drags him into a full-body kiss, fingers in his hair, mouth sealing over his with a lush kind of violence, wet and furling and full of teeth.
Castiel’s body goes taut like a bowstring and Dean encourages him along, keeping his mouth soft and slick and letting him stutter out the last few thrusts unpinned before he starts coming. Castiel watches Dean lap the orgasm out of him with wide eyes and an open mouth, and while he’s boneless and agreeable after the fact Dean wrestles him out of the boxers and tosses them off the bed. No doubt they’ll be vanished with prejudice before Dean even wakes up, if he hasn’t managed to exhaust Castiel completely.
“Well, yeah,” Dean says, turning his snatch into a controlled grab and immediately swiping up to the last messages from Sam as he starts walking. There’s a delay in the following footsteps, and Dean’s paying just enough attention to notice. Hee over his shoulder, though he keeps his feet moving. “Cas?”
The light in the trees grows more solid as they move forward, but what Dean thought was the wind moving branches might actually be a flicker. Echoing the thought, behind him Sam mutters, “Is it just me, or does that look like a fire?”
And then, “Are you sure you don't want that inflatable snowman?”
“Dean,” Castiel gasps, “Dean. Can I—?”
“This explains everything about the condition of that drive, you know,” he says to Castiel, who’s fully dressed and hovering anxiously behind him. Dean, who prides himself on being a realist, is still in his bathrobe.
Castiel says with an arch look, and gestures for Sam to follow. “This way, please.”
, we’re just going to ignore that happened and— car?” Dean asks Castiel, a little desperately.
Tuesday, December 06, 2016 1:12 PM
“Oh, absolutely,” she coos, eyes narrowed a fraction. “We have so much to catch up on.
Castiel doesn’t speak until they’ve emerged onto the damp street and turn north, and when he does it’s low and hesitant. “That was...”
There’s a Toyota with out of state plates driving a bit too slowly and Dean swings out and floors it, muscling back into the exit lane a hundred feet down the tunnel to honking and angry gestures from two rows of cars.
There are other touches, garlands for the outside railings, a small stone reindeer for the stoop that made Rosie hiss and arch her back. Dean found electric candles to put in the windows, but there’s one window in the northwest corner visible from the outside and completely unfindable from indoors. It seems to exist halfway between an upstairs bedroom and the outside wall of the house, and neither of them can find a way to get at it.
“And does he feed you, like, all the time? So much that it gets annoying?”
Dean’s sweater has nutcrackers and ballet dancers on it. Dangling in sturdy wooden parade rest from it. Sprouting from it in sparkling ruffled tulle.
The knife-edge of wind that slices across Dean’s face as he cracks open the door is almost enough to make him change his mind, but he was starting to shiver even inside the car— they need to get under something better than American steel on wheels. He hears Sam swear ripely from the windward side of the car, but it’s followed by a door slam and the crunch of his footsteps. There’s nothing to do but follow suit.
Dean thinks he might need to take a more analytical track with this, given Castiel’s marked preference for cerebral over social interactions. “Okay, first of all— Ellen hugs? Hard to come by unless you’ve broken a bone recently. Two: Jo’s a pretty suspicious character, too, and she, uh. Used to have a big crush on me. She’s hated pretty much everyone I’ve ever brought home, Lisa included. But you got a hug. Three: Bobby’s definitely going to make you do his taxes, thanks to that dinner speech.”
“Uh huh,” Sam adds.
Sam makes a show of looking from left to right and waves a hand with exaggerated confusion. “Well, I don’t know, Dean. Hard choice between conserving heat and staying visible versus freezing to death in an abandoned building.”
“Close the door, Dean,” Castiel says firmly.
“You’re looking well,” she says, scanning him from head to heel in a fairly blatant assessment. “As always. Also, I’ve heard congratulations are in order,” and her eyes stray to Dean’s left. “I apologize for offering them so late, of course. I’d heard it was a... whirlwind courtship?”
Dean cracks an eye open, and as soon as he sees the green Excel logo and Castiel’s fingers on the laptop keyboard he makes a complaining noise and throws an arm over Castiel’s chest in protest. “
It takes nearly as long to coax Castiel off the couch as it does the old hound dog, but eventually Dean has a leash in one hand and the other at the small of his husband’s back, pushing him towards the door. He’s trying to get his feet in his boots without letting go of either, so he misses Ellen coming up beside them until she’s saying, “It was great to finally meet you, kiddo,” and pulling Castiel into a tight hug.
Still no reaction, so he follows it up with a tap to the nose. Castiel immediately wrinkles it, and Dean laughs and wraps both arms around him, squeezing tight.
they’re not going to shut the firm down for two days,” Dean says distractedly, refreshing his inbox again.
Castiel’s face looks… grim. “Lead on,” he says with a stiff gesture, steps as lethargic as a glacier over Ithaca, and as Dean slows down to let him catch up he glances towards the elevator banks on the other side of the garage. Glances back.
MA-Creative-ArtDesign-DL@talbotpartners.com; MA-Creative-Directors-DL@talbotpartners.com
“Hold on a sec,” Dean says, and goes to get the cocoa.
“Hey,” Dean says, trying a smile when Castiel’s eyes lift grudgingly to his. “Hey, c’mere a second, would you?”
Tuesday, December 06, 2016 1:47 PM
“Yeah, thanks,” Sam says. He takes a sip of coffee.
“You are an
Sam’s little grin turns his whole face sly. “I want to see where the evil auntie’s husbands are buried.”
“Come up to the office. You can work next to me while I prepare some quarterly reporting, and Dean can go work on the car.”
Castiel doesn’t respond. Dean would have to pull away to see his face, but when he turns off the laptop their reflections in the black screen show him exactly what he expects: Castiel is out like a light.
(See the end of the chapter for
he sings,
“Is this the same guy who was talking my ear off about tax reform over the cranberry sauce?” Ellen wants to know. “You sound like a cranky toddler. Go home!”
“It was a thirty-second conversation!” Dean protests.
There’s a funky umbrella unwrapped early by one of the Production nerds Dean’s kind of hoping Castiel will go for. Umbrellas are one of the things he’s always forgetting, and something that eye-searingly orange will be tough to leave places. Dean tries to communicate this through gesture and elaborate use of eyebrows, but Castiel seems to think he’s being directed towards the motley pack of unopened presents under the twee little company tree. He ponders the stack, then grabs a small garment box from the middle of the pile. Next to Dean, Balthazar chokes on his mulled wine.
Castiel is quiet for a moment, hands coming to rest on top of Dean’s where they splay across his chest. “I don’t want to be any trouble,” he says, just as softly.
charlene.bradbury@talbotpartners.com
“You’re on, fucker.”
Castiel lifts his head with an impatient look. “
Rosie immediately makes a run for it, and Dean grabs her before she gets to the first tread. “Hold up. If I see a lamppost or a dude with goat legs, you and I are locking this door and barricading it shut,” he tells her as she wiggles in protest, and braves the first few steps. “Cas?”
, it’s fine, come on Cas—”
“Cas. Trust me. We’re making the day— the
charlene.bradbury@talbotpartners.com; victor.henriksen@talbotpartners.com
Castiel looks vaguely apologetic, and completely serious. “I think I’ll go go pack a bag for us,” he says. “Just in case.”
Stop! There are kids out here with snowballs all the—
Later, Dean sees Castiel’s undone bowtie on the floor next to the couch and picks it up, sliding it between his fingers. It’s a nice weight, might even be real silk. The dusty jacket is beautifully tailored, too, and crumpled on the seat of the armchair in the corner.
even a half-dead one. He’ll settle for buying out the whole holiday section at Walmart, if that’s what Castiel actually wants. “Look, Cas—”
There they are, in a jumble of knit and wool: all of Dean’s loaned scarves, hats, gloves— some of which Dean didn’t even know he was missing. Is that his old Burberry
“Forgot your gloves again?” Dean asks archly, tucking their hands deep into his pocket.
(See the end of the chapter for
the honest-to-God
with the moth-holes above the fringe? Oh God, it is. He doesn’t even remember the last time he wore it.
“I do,” Castiel confirms. “Are you going to help me with this?”
The shoveling wasn’t exactly thrilling before Dean knew Cas was inside waiting for him, but it gets significantly less fun after that. It isn’t warm enough for the snow to be wet and heavy, but there’s still a lot of it and it still has weight. The frigid air numbs his face and hands and his back aches fiercely before he’s halfway across the courtyard. He listens to music until Benny calls, and they have a long discussion on how deployment on the Pierson holiday jewelry campaign is working. They try to patch Victor in and drop the call two times before it sticks.
“It’s like this place never ends
“The lease expired last month,” Dean says, trying to gauge Castiel’s sincerity. “He’s not… he can’t be that bad. Really?”
“What the hell?” he says.
Tuesday, December 06, 2016 1:42 PM
“All right.”
The financial district is near-deserted at ten on a weekday, but Boston Logan is never empty and Dean’s easy cruising speed through the city hits a wall at New Chardon and drops like a rock. They creep into the 1A tunnels at five miles an hour, them and a hundred other poor schmucks going under the bay on their way to the airport: parents picking up their prodigal offspring, college kids going home for Christmas.
Dean remembers, with a sudden frisson of fear, the gift bags she’d slipped them both as the party wrapped up that are even now sitting on the end of the dresser, visible through the open door. “Oh, no. No, absolutely not—”
Before he pulls the Impala out into the snow, Dean has the presence of mind to fish around under the seats and grab an unwrapped boxed set of hat, gloves and scarf. They aren’t particularly expensive, but they are very warm and a specific shade of blue. Castiel pulls everything on with gratifying enthusiasm.
Hester informs me that Finance and Accounting has been selected to provide light snacks, and has specifically requested the finance team source cheese and crackers. If you don’t mind, I’d like to plan a trip to Shaw’s this weekend.
“Uh, well,” Dean says, “no, don’t stop walking, we’re almost there—”
It’s past nine and dark as pitch outside, rain and tiny hailstones breaking against the windows as Dean collects the shoe and continues down the hall. He finds the other shoe, leather saturated to the point of shapelessness, up against the baseboards in the kitchen like it was kicked off with vigor. He follows the trail of wet into the smaller butcher’s pantry and to pants, a shirt, an undershirt, and two socks draped over the huge copper sinks. The tie droops from a faucet; the trenchcoat, sodden and dripping sullenly, is on a big metal hook Dean sincerely hopes was reserved for cookware.
“I find catalogs quite interesting,” Castiel says, already sorting through pile with a jeweler’s eye. “Even that one. Besides, I’m still looking for your gift.”
Dean,” Castiel says, already scribbling. Sam leans over the island with his palm out for a high five, and Castiel absently reaches up and pats at the air around it while he writes the remaining letters; Sam grabs his wrist and shakes it instead.
Dean sighs, and it makes Castiel’s stomach twitch under his mouth. “You really do that every year?”
“Love you,” he breathes, “oh, Dean, thank you.”
“Yeah, that’s good. But— it can’t be on ice or over ice, there aren’t enough letters…”
sunrise—“
“Aww, Dean,” Sam says, pulling him sideways with an arm around his neck and squeezing. “I have a room?”
Charlie’s eyes go round. “There’s
It’s a banker’s box, with the characteristic button and string closure and a sheet taped to the short side labeled INTER-DEPARTMENT DELIVERY.  The last entry is in Castiel’s copperplate printing, DEAN WINCHESTER, 4TH FLOOR CREATIVE. Is it strange that seeing his name in Cas’ handwriting makes him smile?
,” she says, sarcasm tempered by a huge yawn. “The ice is bad. We nearly slid into the ocean twice on the way here.”
“You know it,” Dean yawns, leaning down to kiss his elbow.
“You do?” It's not that Dean doesn't trust him, it’s just that he knows the only two furnishings in the whole house Castiel had purchased himself are the terrible couch and the equally terrible cookie jar shaped like a bumblebee.
“Nonsense. What would we do with the room you’ve been agonizing over for three weeks, then?” his darling, backstabbing husband says, reaching down to pick up the duffel bag by its unripped handle. “
“Look, I’m driving,” Dean says, planting his hands at ten and two and glancing back at the road, back at the phone. “I’m driving, is it Sam? What’s he—?“
“And he… likes flamingos?”
Dean, they have things to do, he flops facedown onto the rumpled bedding and stays there. And because their bed has the same gravitation pull as some black holes, before Dean falls asleep again he’s been joined by both cats, coffee, the book Castiel’s reading about how bad finance is, the backup book explaining how good finance is, and Castiel himself.
Benny throws the phone at its cradle and grabs for his mouse. “Hell yes!”
“Not that,” Dean says, stepping off the path and into the snow-covered grass with a broadening grin. “There you are
Dean scowls. “You put the cones out!”
4. Okay, so, I realize that an actual ad agency of this caliber MOST LIKELY would have a fancy party A) outside of their own damn building and B) where their employees didn't have to bring their own food like goddamn; however C) my only real job has been with the government and everything is potluck with the government because TAXPAYERS, and therefore D) I can not be held responsible for my inaccuracies
Hoo boy, Dean thinks again.
“Aw, sweetheart,” Dean sighs, and sets it on the counter.
Thank you,
“... no?” he says.
les cabris
“Ah, yes. My number is twenty-two,” she says, holding it up. “I only hope I’ll be as lucky as dear Castiel.”
He isn’t going to pretend he doesn’t know the answer has been “yes, please, immediately” for most of the day, but Castiel is a stubborn bastard. “I’m fine,” he says, jaw set, wooden in the cradle of Dean’s body.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Please, truce,” Dean says with a laugh, pulling his lapels closed. “Jesus. If I buy you a cookie, will you forgive me?”
Seeing that, seeing her again... it makes Dean think of this same time last year, and the years before. He remembers spending the whole of December going from client party to client party and how easy it was to stay out at night, the drinking, the people. He’d consistently cratered the week after New Year’s— and if he’s honest, a few other times a year, because it wasn’t just a holiday problem— but even that was it’s own kind of tradition, a mild slap on the wrist from the universe that never lasted long enough to be a teaching moment.
“You love to make fun of me,” Castiel says on an aggrieved sigh. “Yes, I’m well aware.”
“Sam’s plane landed ten minutes ago,” Dean says restlessly, edging up towards the parking garages with an impatient growl from the Impala’s engine. “He’s been in transit for the last fifteen hours, I don’t want him waiting around in baggage claim like little orphan Annie on a streetcorner.”
“Maybe not, but if you think I’m coming in from New Milton while we’re digging out of
“Nah.” Dean smiles at him as he takes his foot off the break and starts to coast down the driveway. “It’s all good. Whatever you want to get me, even if it’s from Toys-R-Us.”
Benny squints at the truck. “What? The ice cream guy?”
Dean grabs the bowie knife at his hip instead, because he might be stupid but he’s not crazy enough to leave the car without any weapon on him, and the tall figure says, “Well met, traveler.”
“Yes, I do,” Castiel says. “Inias and Naomi are the only ones in the building downtown, and with no one else to bother they’ve been reviewing our future earnings projections. I’ve been running simulations for them all morning, and I refuse to run another if I can possibly avoid it.”
him, and Dean can just hug him like this and not say anything because Sam knows what he means— he always has— and the arms around Dean are choke-hold tight with the same.
Even though the size difference is yuge and they're not even the same archtectural type (chateau versus beach mansion), I'm mostly just picturing
Bobby’s put the two of them up in Dean’s old room, the one he shared with Sam until they hit those really rocky years and the kid moved into the basement. No word to Bobby or Dean about it, just, one day sleeping down there with the spiders, and somehow even angrier after Dean hauled all those old rugs and leftover paint down so it wasn’t so goddamn grim. Dean’s still not used to seeing a full queen-sized bed in here, when there’s still tape from his posters and scratches from Sam’s desk on the otherwise bare walls. He leans in the doorway, brushing his teeth, and Castiel, down to socks and boxers on the bed, looks up from frowning intently at the floor.
“Can’t wait to try it!” Charlie says gleefully.
Castiel suggests with some exasperation. “Your sense of humor is just as bad as your taste.”
“Yes, so did most people,” Castiel tells him, lending his bodyweight to the process. “Is this helping?”
“Of course it is,” Castiel says, sounding deeply disappointed in humanity. “Well, play away.”
“I can do this,” Dean says stubbornly, because goddamn it, he
“Seconded,” Castiel says, buried in branches next to him.
I’d even take Tschaikovsky!”
“So that’s a no to
Sam finds him out there a few hours later, inadvertently bringing along Nabokov to supervise; the garage is as far as she’s allowed these days, her days of wandering the coast and philandering with the local toms over for good.
“Will you dance?” says the man.
dean.winchester@talbotpartners.com
“Stop that,” Castiel says, frowning a little when Dean draws back to see his face. “We could switch in a few minutes?”
Although the suggestion, the
“Yes,” Castiel agrees quietly.
The flames twist between them, revealing few details— a narrow-muzzled skull with canines as long as Dean’s hand hangs where a face would be, eyesockets dark and empty.  Fur and leather gleam like they’ve been oiled and suggest the lines of arms and legs. Feathers fan out from around the naked bone like a mane, wound around its angles with braided cord.
Sam moves, a vague outline in the dark, and Dean thinks he’s squinting at him over the top of his coat. “Seriously?”
“Can’t, snow day,” Dean says, logging off with two keystrokes. “Official-effing-snow day.”
“I think I’d prefer an artificial tree,” Castiel says, and pulls his arm away to rub at the bandage himself. “It seems cruel to cut one down, just for this. And it’s less work to maintain, correct?”
“Think of how happy Charlie will be,” Castiel tries weakly.
“Wake the fuck up. I think I see something.”
“No,” Castiel says, squinting into the darkness. “Don’t even think about it.”
“Dean, take them
“Huh,” he says.
Eventually Castiel has to get dressed, and Dean sleepwalks through his own shower and shave and is finally starting to feel some of the lethargy slough off as he brushes his teeth. He sees motion at the door out of the corner of his eye and leans down to spit. “Sorry, almost—
Dean showboats, crossing the room, “
“I’m going to need a bigger ladder,” Dean says.
Bobby is up and has more coffee ready, and Ellen comes bearing McDonald’s breakfast sandwiches when she pulls in behind them a few minutes later. Jo and Ben enthuse over pocket monsters while they all wait for Jody and her new partner, a Minnesotan transplant who Jody’s told them is nearly as excited as Ben to see the Lord and Taylor Christmas window. Castiel seems easier around them, maybe because Ben is there to break the ice and Ellen immediately turns to Lisa, eyebrow raised over her coffee cup, and says, “So. A dentist?”
The way he says it, there are almost audible capital letters. Dean lets out a short laugh. “Yeah, funny how that happens when the sun goes down.”
It doesn’t phase him. There’s a slightly glassy look in her eye that Dean recognizes from the tumultuous few months they’d spent dating, on and off, and he knows better than to engage. “Hey, better pay attention. They’re going through numbers pretty quickly.”
Dean croons, loving every exasperated line in Castiel’s face as he scowls at him,
The streets in this part of Queens are narrow, lined with big trees and little houses. There’s no parking for miles, so they’ll walk the half-hour it takes to get from the Roadhouse to Bobby’s place. Ellen and Bobby prop up opposite ends of Murray Hill, fighting the gentrification creeping up from the south by keeping 5¢ wings on the menu at the bar and letting the junkyard’s landscaping get gnarlier every year, respectively. Jody’s in a neighborhood closer to Little Neck— Annie’s still in school and the public district there is better.
“We promised,” Castiel says firmly. “Now put your arms in the sleeves, please, I don’t want to be late.”
“Sounds great,” Dean says. He tips his face up as Castiel leans down, and there’s still a low drumbeat between them when they meet, in their mouths and on their tongues. Castiel smiles against his lips, and Dean laughs softly. “Sounds amazing.”
Castiel smiles at a display of toy trains, tracks spiraling up and around a castle made of candy canes. “I suppose it does.”
“I know,” Castiel whispers hoarsely. “Dean, you’re so beautiful.”
getting better at it. The first few attempts of last night were… memorable.
“You’re going to have to meet him eventually,” he tries. “Might as well be at the happiest time of the year, right?”
“Tell Kevin this is as close to classical music as he’s getting!” Charlie says, holding her stylus like a dagger.
“What, why me?” Balthazar cries, and then everyone wants to know what’s in the box and Castiel won’t show them and finally Balthazar shouts, “It’s just underwear, you numpty, don’t be such a godawful prude!” and the partygoers draw their own conclusions.
Dean points at the waiting pile of carrots and onions next to the cutting board on the kitchen island. “All yours.”
Hearing it is still a quiet, blooming thrill, and Dean has to tilt his head up and kiss him at least once for that. Twice for coming down to New York with Dean, even though he was so nervous. Three times for the tax talk, which Dean thinks might put the junkyard in the black for the first time in a decade.
“What?” Dean looks down at the crown of Castiel’s head, which along with one of Ellen’s throw pillows has migrated to about mid-chest on him. “Cas?”
“That’s a big fucking fire, then,” Dean says.
Jody adds.
“Not that one, brother,” Benny advises when Dean starts to veer towards a lime green Ethiopian truck. “Heard it took out the whole account services team last month.”
Dean stares at him, nonplussed. “What?”
“Don’t be strangers, you two!” Jody says from her chair. Castiel hesitantly brings his arms up to return the hug, and Ellen gives him a few hard thumps on the back.
“Big ass ladder,” Dean says unrepentantly. “Or you’re going to need wings.”
“My daughter is in college and still disappeared after dinner to go catch monsters on her game thing,” she replies tartly. “She gets no say if she can’t spend two minutes talking to family.”
“Of course not,” Castiel says easily, then pats his pockets. “Wait, did I leave my—?”
Fifteen minutes later, Dean gets back in the car with empty hands and ice in his fucking eyebrows. “Get the map out,” he says through chattering teeth, sticking numb fingers under his arms.
Castiel looks up. “Does that mean you’re done?”
MA-Office-Managers-DL@talbotpartners.com
, Charlie mouths behind them. Dean snorts and Castiel looks back over his shoulder at her, curious.
Dean holds up a hand from under the front bumper, then begins the slow and wiggly process of extracting himself from under the car on three stiff and one missing creeper wheel. It’s exactly the wrong time of year to be buying things for himself, but if Cas doesn’t take any of the hints dropped in the last few weeks Dean’s going out at 12am December 26 to get a new one.
“But before you drown me...?” Dean says, and Castiel glares fiercely but doesn’t resist Dean tugging him up towards the front door.
It makes him laugh out loud.
46 Waltham Street 4th Floor
Strangely, though, once his first reaction had worn off… it didn’t matter. He’d laughed, made a quip about settling down in his old age, and gone home barely ten minutes later to destroy his kitchen by teaching his husband how to make merengue. It was an ultimately fruitless but very enjoyable rest of his evening, and he did it without regret or a single second thought. It feels a little bit miraculous; he doesn’t care about any of it, least of all what Bela Talbot thinks. Bela only knows what he used to be. Bela doesn’t have Cas.
, dog?” as he does the necessaries. They make the rest of the walk home in tired but companionable silence, and the sleeting rain is kind enough to wait until they turn onto Bobby’s street.
muttered under his breath, but it’s almost two AM so Dean will give him a pass and a chance to do better in the morning. They pour him into bed in the most finished guest bedroom, the one Dean has been calling Sam’s in his head for months now: soft grey walls and white molding, built-in bookshelves with a windowseat and an incredible view of the sea. Dean collapses facedown on his own mattress and doesn’t move until Castiel gently rolls him to the side of the bed to get under the comforter. Utterly exhausted, Dean strongly considers just camping out on top for this one. The bed’s comfortable as-is, and his eyes feel sandpapered.
Castiel asks.
Re: Re: Re: Re: Re: Fw: Talbot Boston Holiday Party - Call for Support
Dean smiles sympathetically and hands her a granola bar. “Hell if I know. You brought the Yukon?”
“Thought you had things to do,” Dean mumbles, reaching for him.
“And yours,” Bela says sweetly. “Bela Talbot. I believe I know your sister as well.”
They’re on the street in minutes, and as they coast onto the highway winding north Dean thinks to ask, “Hey, Sam— we’ll drive by a Five Guys in a couple of exits. How about some good east coast burgers?”
Despite the fact that half of Suffolk County is still digging out after the storm, Charlie puts out an invitation for skating that weekend to anyone who wants to make the drive. The destination is advertised as a cute, rustic park upstate, and it draws an eclectic crowd— there’s Talbot people, and a crowd of Charlie’s theater kids, and a couple young artist types that she probably knows from school.
Tuesday, December 06, 2016 1:13 PM
Talbot Boston Holiday Party - Call for Support
They’re halfway through the second one— grenades tossed, hilariously green-screened ejector seat episode underway, McClane dying harder than ever—  when Dean gives in to drooping eyelids and rests his head against Castiel’s. “Hey. You still watching?”
“Morning,” Dean mumbles, settling next to him with a hip against the counter. He rubs his eyes, gritty from a late night spent catching up with Sam after the paper was finally submitted. “Man, I could use another few. Did you sleep okay?”
“You don’t have to stay,” Dean tells him as Castiel balances it across the foot of the tub, already grabbing for the spoon. “I can probably manage from here.”
“Oh! Leftovers,” Ellen says, and releases Castiel just as suddenly as she’d grabbed him. Castiel stands frozen where she leaves him, looking completely bewildered by the whole experience. It only adds to Dean’s private conviction that Castiel hasn’t encountered that much physical affection in his life, and the equally private decision to provide as much as Cas will let him to make up for it.
“Dean,” Castiel says with some exasperation, and as Dean follows him into the bedroom he turns away to start making the bed. “I have something in mind I think will work.”
"Remember, Ginger Rogers did everything Fred Astaire did, but backwards and in high heels." -- Bob Thaves, "Frank and Ernest", 1982
“Okay. Good. Can I, uh, get some breakfast orders in then?” Dean says in increasing desperation. “Pancakes? Bacon?”
“Is something the matter?” he asks quietly. He glances at Bela, effervescent and laughing, and looks back at Dean.
“Of course, I was a child at the time,” Castiel murmurs. His thumb brushes Dean’s collarbone, his throat. “I’m sure it’s smaller in reality.”
Dean can’t answer in words, can’t fucking speak, and when Castiel moves it’s too soon and jolts a horrible begging whine out of him, one he’s never heard himself make before. It feels too good, Castiel a warm, solid weight inside him, the deep stretch utterly sating in a visceral way. It’s almost too much.
Dean wakes up buried in flannel bedding so plaid even Bobby Singer would have winced. The fabric is soft and smells powerfully of woodsmoke, and he’s swaddled up to his nose; a good thing, since what little he can feel of the ambient air in the room seems as cold as the car was last night.
naomi.deville@talbotpartners.com
“Balthazar!” Castiel says accusingly, ears already a bright red and the rest of his face succumbing quickly.
The bed moves next to Dean, dipping and then rising as Castiel leaves it. Cas is always wandering away somewhere on mornings like this, and it’s just not fair.
It takes 24 hours with Sam on the ground for them to have their first fight, and two minutes after that for Sam and Castiel to start ganging up on him.
is leaving.”
Dean asks him, and feels the answer in Castiel’s face in his neck, a warm palm running up his spine.
“Hateful,” Castiel says with a dour look, and Dean laughs as he cuts the engine.
the asshole who—”
“Ugh, fine, I’m done,” Dean says, crawling out of the fireplace on his hands and knees. Castiel sets the laptop on the floor and pushes himself to his feet. He waits until Dean’s on his feet too, until he’s pulled off his gloves and dropped the disposable face mask on top of them, before he steps into Dean’s space.
“You know the full phrase is ‘yipee ki yay motherfucker,’ right?”
“Do you know what my mother’s house is like at this time of year?” Victor asks. “No, you do not, because I bet it’s all Frank Sinatra and Brenda fucking Lee uptown.”
“I don’t suppose you’ve seen my husband?” he asks her, tickling her chin. “About six feet, soaking wet, probably calling me all kinds of names?”
The master switch is not the one Dean thinks it is. He finds it eventually in the entryway coatroom, hidden by mothballed furs and a practically prehistoric vacuum cleaner.
“Cute,” Dean comments, and Castiel raises an eyebrow at him— probably because the card sitting right next to it is from Anna and pointedly addressed to Castiel only. Yeah, Dean’s not touching that one with a thirty nine and a half foot pole.
MA-Creative-ArtDesign-DL@talbotpartners.com; MA-Creative-Directors-DL@talbotpartners.com
As soon as the office emptied out, Dean had put his phone on shuffle and propped it up on a project binder next to his keyboard. The song it’s playing now is mellow and melancholy, something about bells and peace on earth.
“You like football that much?” Dean asks him, and that finally brings him around enough to stop and turn his head. He blinks hazily at Dean, forehead creasing.
“Cas?”
“Where is he?” he demands, flat.
, done by an amazing dude who did the NYT and Irish Times crosswords every morning in like eight minutes in memory of his dad, which made me cry then and made me cry harder when I realized it's no longer extant. Hope you're doing okay, Eight-Minute Crossword Guy!
s 2018 list of the best restaurants in Portland.
“Do you mean that?” Castiel asks guardedly. “Because I—”
“If you’re sure you want all that trouble,” Benny drawls.
Benny shakes his head. “I’ll be in line at the satay truck if you need medical attention.”
Dean is breathing hard and his pulse is throbbing in his ears, a primal kind of panic crawling through his system and willing him to run. There’s nowhere to run to— they’re surrounded, hemmed in on all sides. Where the heat of the fire is still overwhelming at his back, Dean swears he can feel the thing outside the trees on his face like the cold, rotting exhale of a dead man.
“Hey, we talked about this,” he says when Castiel comes to lurk worriedly in the creative offices around lunchtime, Charlie having showed up downstairs to dispense long-lasting makeup and wig adhesion tips. “Relax, okay? I know how to find the best parties, it’s going to be great.”
Ben’s not done. “An’ you have to make sure it’s the fifth edition, not the other ones. The fifth one’s got better graphs. Can I have a cinnabun yet?”
“Can’t talk, bailing,” he says brightly, swiping his coat and bag off the desk next to him. “See ya!”
Dean asks innocently, holding up his phone. “Because I’ve got it right here—”
“It’s Boston
When he turns to look behind him, at the way he and Sam had come, he nearly trips into the fire backing away. The not-fire looks more malevolent up close; something about the way it eddies at the border of the grass makes him think of hands, clawing, grasping, greedy.
“Goddamn it,” Dean sighs, and Castiel turns to glare at him. “No, no, it’s great. We should keep it there, and, uh.”
“Dean!” Castiel yells, indignant now. “Don’t you dare!”
“Special delivery,” she says, slapping down his mail on top of it. “Since this has been blocking my filing cabinet for hours.”
thank you. I found a unique gift, exactly as specified in the invitation,” Balthazar says, dabbing at the wine on his tie. “I’d only thought we all might be a bit more intoxicated by the time someone found it.”
dean.winchester@talbotpartners.com
Sam looks around the Impala, the thick crust of snow that’s built up around the windows. “Point.”
Victor throws a stapler, misses, and sends most of Benny’s color boards clattering to the floor. Benny swears at them both in paint-stripping Cajun and from the front of the room, Missouri turns up her music to drown him out. It’s gone from O’Jays to Otis Redding, and Victor groans and covers his ears.
“You could have stayed in California if all you needed was an outlet and some wifi,” Dean growls, squaring up, watching Sam do the same with that goddamn stubborn glint in his eye—
“No hiding, we shop like men,” Dean tells him sternly, and pulls him back into the fray.
Re: Re: Talbot Boston Holiday Party - Call for Support
Somewhere upstairs, a door opens and music pours out: the bad, moody kind Dean remembers very clearly from his own days in a Baba O’Riley-style teenage wasteland.
,” he hisses while Dean yelps and tries to squirm free. “We are
“Great, that’s… good,” Dean says, looking back and forth between them. “Sam, you find everything alright? Towels? Soap?”
,” Victor adds with a disgusted expression. “Pay up, asshole.”
There’s a brief break from walking while Rumsfeld strays into the grassy strip between the street and sidewalk and Dean has the occasion to ask, “What the hell have you been
Both of them jump, and Dean turns to face Becky Rosen, office paparazza, slowly lowering a chunky, professional-grade camera from her face.
The party gets going in earnest. Castiel’s accounting crew forcibly remove him from Dean’s side to socialize with them for a while, and he drags all of them with him back to Dean for the white elephant gift exchange. Dean has a secret weapon this year: a portrait of John Quincy Adams’ face made entirely out of jelly beans. It’s six feet tall and almost as wide; he’d gotten it from kids in a girls and boys’ home they’d done pro-bono work for in Braintree. Castiel had seen it, because he’d needed help and two rolls of wrapping paper to cover it, and he settles into a back corner next to Dean with a conspiratorial smile.
In the creative directors’ bullpen, Victor turns to give him a look that could eviscerate at twenty paces. Dean’s at about step twenty-two. “I will pay you money,” he says, “cash money, to not bring that shit back here.”
“No?”
“Yes,” Castiel says immediately, sitting up a little straighter.
“Like you wouldn’t believe,” he says.
“So,” Sam says grudgingly. “I’m almost done. And… I’m sorry.”
," Victor says, pointing, “you are out of your damn mind. Call me if it’s urgent, but a phonecall’s all you’re getting.”
Castiel’s eyes track back to Bela. “Yes, you are.”
“It really is a fire,” Sam says as they come close enough to see the wild shadows twisting across pristine snow, glimpses of red-gold flame through tangles of branches. Dean glances back at him; his brother looks pale and wary in the blue glow of the LED.
MA-Creative-ArtDesign-DL@talbotpartners.com; MA-Creative-Directors-DL@talbotpartners.com
“Dean and Cas are leaving! Come on!”
“Guessing this is not the same brother,” Dean says as Castiel stares at it. They’ve been married three months and he knows there are four siblings out there he hasn’t met, but that’s about it.
That gets him a wary stare from the counter by the coffee pot, and Castiel says, “So you are. Planning something, that is.”
Becky tries a laugh, but starts inching backwards. “Hi Dean! It’s, um, it’s just for the holiday newsletter! You know. I thought it’d be great to get a picture of office celebrities in—”
“None of your business,” Dean says, pushing the mail to the side so he can start unwinding the string.
Dean’s fingers get caught on some internal wiring when he tries, which is how they find out his sweater also comes with musical accompaniment.
Sam gives him a blink, and then, “Wait a sec,
They do eventually make a fire, after Castiel manages to drag the corduroy couch from the den into the library and down the east wing to the fireplace. Dean watches him use up most of their matches and all of their old newspaper from the cushions, feeling well-fucked and lazy with it.
and not a rag. “The mainstream papers either. I mean, that’s how they get people to read, right?”
"Is it serious? Are you going to mate with him?"
It was especially apparent in Sammy's behaviour. The younger boy used to look at Dean as if he hung the stars but after he presented, it mellowed down. Sam still adored him, but it had an air of such softness around it that it made Dean feel breakable. Like a precious piece of china. It had felt good at first but now Dean thought it wasn't really how one would be expected to treat an older brother.
“B- but there might be oil under my nails. And
“Well,
Dean felt a shiver run down his spine but Charlie chuckled. "Don't be so grumpy, Rufus; nothing bad ever happened at any of our gatherings. Sure there were some minor incidents, but we're all tight and have each other's backs. Right, Dean-cess?"
Castiel tilted his head. "I am satisfied," he assured the younger man; "seeing you come apart like that was truly breathtaking."
Castiel stopped walking again, tugging at Dean's arm to bring him into a tight embrace. "You are remarkably intelligent and self-sufficient for a man of your age, Dean," the politician murmured quietly into his ear, "and considering your upbringing, that is a commendable feat."
As his friends continued to avidly watch the television screen and tally every ‘yea’ vote, Dean felt dizzy with excitement and anticipation, his stomach all fluttery and jittery and bubbly and... Deciding he couldn’t wait any longer to take the pregnancy test, he stood up, stumbling slightly from eagerness. He had to know,
It was almost two hours later that Dean woke up to something tickling his nose. “Hrmpf,” he huffed, rubbing at his nose and burrowing deeper into the couch cushions. But a few seconds later, another feathery tickle disturbed his slumber again.
Returning her attention to Dean, the savvy coach warned, “Either way, you’ve got to stand up for yourself, pet, or you’ll get eaten alive.”
Bobby grunted something that sounded like 'bullshit' under his breath. "Well I can tell you that doesn't make any sense. Who is to say you won't earn more money than your mate one day? Why shouldn't you get to have the car?"
“We didn’t have an official mating ceremony,” Dean reminded his mentor.
Dean didn’t care.
“Thank you.”
Castiel's face fell. "That was my honest opinion, Dean."
“God, Dean. You feel just as good as the first time.”
Jo laughed. "I bet you'll be one of the people fawning over him."
Dean held his breath as he listened in.
“It is. But it’s not your fault that John is an assbutt,” Cas immediately replied.
Dean didn't know how to answer that, his breath stuttering in his lungs. "Uh, Cas?"
“Tell you what, though,” Gabe continued. “We’ll get out a calendar and we’ll mark off every day between now and Christmas with a big ‘X’, okay?”
John's shoulders sagged. "Maybe you should try harder, Dean. Did you even try flirting?"
"I'm also comfortable," were his words when he met Castiel's eyes again.
“Then you want menswear on the second floor,” the sales clerk informed him, pointing toward the centre of the store. “Take the escalator over there; turn right and you’ll see it.”
Benny shrugged. "Not many people do. There are not a great number of betaist activists. Being only slightly oppressed is better than being totally oppressed, I guess."
Castiel raised his eyebrows, motioning for Dean to continue.
“That’s not what the boys’ paediatrician said,” Castiel observed calmly and reasonably.
Dean was interrupted by Bobby's snort. "They all say that, Dean. In the end, the only thing any politician fights for is their own best interest."
He then turned to the politician, words of confidence on his tongue, but upon noticing the intent look Castiel was giving him, he swallowed them back down. "What?"
Sure enough, by that evening, Castiel was being lauded by news commentators as a great son-in-law who was helping out a poor man in need. One newscaster even reported from outside the capitol building, “
"Yes, actually, I have. It's a beautiful city, though there are a lot of pickpockets there. I had some money stolen off of me as I was watching the Old Town Astronomical Clock."
“Jerk.”
“So, how’s mated life treating you?” the older omega asked him in midst of all the baking. “I already told all of my friends that my big brother has finally tied the knot - if you know what I mean - but I haven’t really talked to him.”
Dean gave her a tense smile. "Yeah, just thinking I should take a break from all the... you know."
Dean shook his head. "Of course not."
, they were all stuffed with food and a bit woozy from vodka and rum shots - one more disgusting than the other. Dean was halfway asleep, his head resting on the side of the couch, his feet flung over Sammy's lap.
Dean shrugged. "You're the politician."
"I will abstain from voting and hope for the best. It's very likely that the referendum will be held and then it's up to you to vote. I do hope I can count on your vote at least."
Dean's mouth opened involuntarily. "Ah."
His only answer was a sleepy sigh.
John smiled. "Yeah? What were you thinking about? An alpha caught your eye?"
The redheaded beta pressed her lips into a tight line. “Not everyone is born a proper hausfrau,” she spat back. “You omegas have natural instincts when it comes to children; us betas are different.”
"Why did you turn it off?"
vote against it - we are pretty much doomed." Castiel paused. "Dean? Would you mind talking about something else, I really don't wish to discuss politics in my free time; it makes my head hurt."
Dean stared at her. "He didn't say that."
It's a good idea, I guess. I just hope you're not just bluffing.
The older man’s eyes glittered, pupils wide. “Well, seeing as you’ve made the effort to dress up,” he joked, before adding, “Or dress
What was only a slight stirring in his groin just a few minutes ago was now a full on erection, eager to be touched. "Come on, Cas," Dean whined, almost not recognizing his own voice.
“For you,” the alpha told him with a gummy smile. “I saw it in a shop window and thought you might find it useful.”
"Good," murmured Cas as he leaned in for a kiss. And it was wonderful.
Bobby nodded, also rising to his feet. “Come have a look,” he told him, “I got this beauty almost two years ago but I didn’t have the parts for it. Until yesterday.”
“Ehm,” Dean stammered, “no, I don’t think he would. Not without some incitement. But social services could send him there, willing or not. My first instinct when Bobby brought it up was, ‘Absolutely not.’ But when I mulled it over some more, it seemed like it might be the only solution.” He looked at his mate and professed, “It’s probably the only way John will ever get help.
Dean took a sip of his Kofola in order to stop laughing.
He had to wait another several minutes for the politician's response.
"Sure, but did you ever think of how the omega in that video felt? Ever wondered what sort of person he was?"
Dean turned around in his mate’s embrace, tilting his head up for a kiss. “Hmm,” he hmmed against Castiel’s lips. “That’s a lot of practise.”
"It is nice to see you again, Dean," said the politician with a polite incline of his head.
Dean stared at the laptop screen, his eyebrows bunching up in confusion. The advice blog looked professional but the article he was reading was all weird and he had no idea if he could actually find the courage to follow its advice.
Dean grinned, taking Cas' hand in his and tugging him in the direction of the backyard. "Well, I have a treat for you then."
Dean grinned.
He looked over at Charlie, who was sitting opposite him on his bed, a sympathetic look on her face.
He flipped the channels for a while before settling on some singing competition in hopes it would be the least likely to disturb him.
Castiel gave him a gummy smile, “I’ll miss you too,” he told him kindly, caressing the side of his face with the pad of his thumb. “Have a good day, Dean.”
Cas kissed him again. “As you wish,” he relented. “I can even help you if you want. I will hire you a political coach that can teach you everything you need to know.”
"Yeah," Dean admitted in a whisper, "I did talk to Sam and I told him we'll see each other soon but that was it. I wish I’d thought about it a bit more."
"Central Europe? Isn't the Czech Republic in Eastern Europe?"
he typed in the search engine he used and scowled at the screen as he scrolled through the results. The links were full of articles and rants written by arrogant alphas who claimed omegas couldn’t work for a toffee.
photo and Dean really should've realized that Sam would google omega rights as soon as he had the chance after their earlier talk.
"So, uh, what do you want to know?" he asked as soon as the senator sat down.
"Without saying goodbye?"
Castiel propped himself up on an elbow, Dean’s hand gripped in his. “You know that what happened with Aaron wasn’t your fault, right, sweetheart? That lieutenant who came around with Meg, Henriksen, flat out apologised for the way his men harassed you, suspecting you on that nurse’s say-so.”
Dean scowled on the inside. He had never seen anything bad happen on a bus but was suddenly apprehensive about riding it, which was not good news for him since he had no other way to get around his town.
Dean looked around. "Where am I supposed to put it?"
Dean gulped. "Yeah, I don't know how to do that either."
"Of course, Dean. I will even get you that car, you can't keep getting around by bus all the time; it's not safe. Especially after dark."
Bobby sighed, crouching down next to him and handing him the metal dish. "What's on your mind, son?"
So much so that she called in Charlie and Gabe for assistance? Dean’s brows shot up.
The alpha gave him a wry smile - an expression that Dean dubbed the 'sympathetic senator' smile. "You don't have to call me sir, Sam. Castiel is fine."
Dean replied, “Me neither. I didn’t know it right away, but now… I think maybe we were destined for each other.” He blushed, feeling a little embarrassed to have expressed such a notion.
The younger boy scrunched up his face. “Why? What did you do?”
I also send little tiny itty bitty hugs to those who liked the idea of a shooting range date. I have to say that it has been the best date I've been on so far.
(See the end of the chapter for
?” Dean spluttered, shocked out of his mood by the curious word. “An
Dean leaned over and gave Cas a quick kiss as they stopped in front of the salvage yard, then hopped out of the car and walked into the garage.
The omega looked around, noticing Cas had led him out on a balcony. “Um, I’m kinda busy at the moment,” he began but was halted by his mate shaking his head. He gave Cas a questioning look.
A little later, the green beans and garlic bread had been decimated and a sizeable dent made in the pot of soup. Dean had scarfed down two bowls of the Tuscan concoction, while Castiel had three. His husband only ever ate that much when it was one of his favourites, the omega thought fondly, smiling at Cas as he stood up and removed the empty bowl from in front of his husband.
Dean frowned, quickly skimming over the rest of the article. What a load of nonsense. It didn’t mention him by name, but the journalist made sure to paint him as a poor, down on his luck boy that got saved from a terrible life by a knight in shining armour. He was no damsel in distress, Dean thought in irritation, and while Castiel could be technically considered to be a ‘dashing hero’, the omega was of the opinion he shouldn’t be called that in serious press. The biggest joke, of course, came at the end of the article -
"I suppose I find myself not working for the first time in your presence and I allowed myself to look at you as a person rather than an omega activist. I'm sorry if my attention is unwelcome."
Cas was already pulling out the Chardonnay that had been purchased for a special occasion, Dean noticed. Shaking his head in an effort to clear the haze from his mind, he suggested uncertainly, “Uh, I thought… maybe sparkling cider?” When Cas shot him a surprised look, he added, “I thought it would complement the flavours in the soup?” Dammit. He hadn’t meant that to come out like a question.
Jo yells.
Now might be a good time to mention my extensive collection of spn/Christmas playlists
The walk— march, really— feels like it stretches on for a long, long time, though it shouldn’t have taken more than a few minutes even over bad terrain and one almost-slip into a hidden ravine. Their boots skid on roots and frozen streambeds and Dean scrapes his palms raw on trunks as he manages to catch himself, on wind-scoured ice like an open iron maiden when he doesn’t. It hurts, but his whole body hurts.
Yeah, you are, Dean thinks, swamped by unbearable affection.
“That was very fast,” he observes dryly. “I suppose you’ll want to leave as soon as possible.”
dean.winchester@talbotpartners.com
bah humbug
The partners plan to cover beverages, but we would appreciate your support in collecting decorations, baked goods, and other treats. One planned activity is a bake-off with prizes in multiple categories. Each office has a member on the planning committee and they have offered to track pledges up until close of business Tuesday, December 13. After this time, the committee will assess where we are and what more we will need to do.
“Mr. Winchester, not dancing on the tables yet?” one of oldtimers had asked, the joke a thin veneer over judgement. Dean has a reputation and he knows it, knows what they expected. He’d still felt taken aback, being confronted so directly by the incongruity of who he was and who he’s trying to be.
When he comes back to the room, pulling the door closed behind him, Castiel is still sitting ramrod-straight on the edge of the bed, anxiety in every line of his body. “Dean—”
dean.winchester@talbotpartners.com; victor.henriksen@talbotpartners.com; benoit.lafitte@talbotpartners.com
The figure turns his head to the side again, to the trees that surround them. “The coming dark.”
“Sounds like we’re right on time then,” Dean says, turning to help Castiel heft the rest of the containers and a cupcake carrier onto the table. “We’ll go get the rest from the car and skip ‘em.”
Cas, it’s working!”
” Dean says, gazing around him in amazement.
Dean’s in the broad hallway that connects the smaller bedrooms to the sitting room and main suite when he feels it, a subtle draft of colder air. He slowly turns in place, looking up and down, and sees Rosie crouched next to the door to what Dean thinks is a linen closet. She meows piteously when she sees him looking, reaching under the door to scratch at the floor inside.
Dean, Charlie, and Castiel all take a moment to roll their eyes, and then rejoin the party only after loading up with uneven hunks of Castiel’s semi-failed cake.
“Fine, fine,” Dean says, and pulls the blanket off the back of the couch before letting his head drop to Castiel’s chest. “February it is,” he says, tucking the fleece in around them, and snorts when Castiel pokes him in the side.
sunshine,” Dean bites out. “Anything else helpful?”
No answer.
“You said it
. Beyond the oak trees, the world disappears into something like the total absence of light, a negative reflection of the fire. There are things moving in its awful, red-edged blackness, or maybe the blackness itself is seething, testing the edges of the firelight. It’s all Dean can see outside of the oaks, no matter what direction he looks, and it hurts to look too long.
“A night without end,” the man says softly. “The end of all things. It is death.”
Two words: BANANA. BREAD.
“That or electrical problems,” Dean says, teeth grit tight against the chattering that wants to come again. He’s caked in snow to the crotch, now, and the wet spots on his jeans have frozen. Breaking through the snow crust with every step is winding him more quickly than he expected, too, and the exertion that should be making him warmer feels like it’s just leeching what little heat he has into the deep stillness of the forest. It’s not the coldest he’s ever been— not yet— but if the flickering light doesn’t belong to someone with central heating and clothes to spare, the Winchesters are going to be in serious trouble.
Dean swings the handle back a forth a few more times, getting the lever nice and loose. “Come on, let me celebrate a little here.”
Inside is a monster snowblower, four feet wide with heated hand grips and an electric start. “Oh my God, it’s fucking gorgeous,” Dean says, petting its bright yellow side, and does not stop saying it until Castiel threatens to walk to the bus stop again if they don’t leave soon— Dean’s cue to turn and kiss him breathless.
“Complaining?”
“What?” he asks peevishly.
“Why did I agree to this?” she says with a bleary look at Dean. “Why, Dean. Why.”
Calling it cold is a woeful understatement. The polar vortex that rippled across the Midwest in the middle of the week is blowing into Boston with dire results: high drifts, wind chills in the negative digits, and behind it the promise of an additional 3-5 inches of snow over the weekend. The Impala had given them a scare this morning by refusing to start for a few minutes. He doesn’t know if it’s the battery, oil, or fuel lines, and he’s not looking forward to crawling under the car tonight to find out. Winter outside the city is for the birds, especially for classic cars; Dean has a feeling he’s going to cave and take the old Jeep Bobby keeps trying to foist on them well before spring.
Castiel’s neighborhood, if a loose sprawl of coastal mansions can even be called that, is of course too highbrow to have teenagers cruising around with plows strapped to their shitty trucks, looking for quick cash.
They eventually end up in the Barnes and Noble anyway— and the Lego Store, and Hollister, Macy’s and J.C. Penny’s and everything in between. The two cops in the group are diverted by a fancy candy store and Lisa steers Annie into a Victoria’s Secret down on the first level, leaving Dean, Castiel and Ben take the higher ground at the L.L. Bean, where Ben takes a deep breath and relays verbatim everything on Lisa’s Christmas list. It’s mostly warm sweaters and good socks, which clearly baffles her son. It isn’t until the girls in blue have rejoined them and Castiel has been co-opted to go check out electronics with his mom that Ben delivers
when I think about the house
He starts to sit up, but Dean holds on and puts his lips to his ear. “Hey, it’s cool,” he says. “If you’re that tired, do you want to leave?”
not going to cut it,” Sam says with deliberate mildness, turning in his seat. “I want you to look me in the eyes and tell me I was right. Because we can’t run the heater without any gas, we had to throw away our sleeping bags and blankets after Shreveport, and my phone hasn’t had a signal in half an hour. And at least if you give me the satisfaction, I might not be stuck haunting some
He’d be flat on the floor if the hearth wasn’t there, so instead he’s sprawled across the fireplace’s eight foot shelf, one foot on the floor and his head brushing Castiel’s thigh. Castiel is sitting back on his hands and staring at the tree, their tree; he radiates quiet delight the way the tiny lights gleam in the otherwise dark room.
“I liked them too,” Castiel confesses, barely above a whisper. “I really did.”
“And yet, we’re dancing,” Dean says breathlessly as Castiel reels him in again, snug to his chest, and swings him into another twirl. It’s a miracle they haven’t hit any of the counters yet. “God. You’re fantastic.”
“You think we aren’t shit out of luck right now?”
“Dean, I know,” Castiel says with emphasis, and then drops his eyes to the eggnog in Dean’s hand. “I know.”
“Prioritizing two seconds of saved time over our safety and potentially our lives?”
“Cas dances?” Charlie says, looking intrigued.
“It’s not,” Castiel says with perfect surety, and Dean feels— a lot of things, right then. But mostly he feels weirdly soft and shy, like a candyfloss high school crush has just kissed him, like that time in the parking lot as the storm rolled in, when Sam said,
He checks in with the crew while he gets dressed— Benny, whose kids got a half-day, and Victor, cozily ensconced in New Milton. Charlie isn’t answering her cell, but the away message on her work address is a frowny face surrounded by unicode snowflakes; if she had enough time to put that up, she’s probably okay. He adds a headset to his flannel-lined jeans, heavy boots, and the bulky black parka the Queens crew had gotten him when he first moved to Massachusetts. It still looks new because it’s not exactly stylish, but it has a hood and it’s rated to negative twenty five degrees. He heads outside to begin clearing the front walk and a car-wide path from the garage to the gate.
Dean hasn’t actually heard a peep out of Cas since the pies were declared cool enough to eat, which in this house meant cool enough to provoke a small melee in the kitchen. He cranes his head forward to check, and sure enough, Castiel has his eyes closed and his face turned into the couch back. Dean can feel the slow, measured rhythm of his breathing through the pillow, the heat of his body through denim and cotton, and there’s no reaction when Dean runs a hand up his arm.
“Was I not supposed to tell you that?” Castiel asks, with a flyer for something called a kringle tucked under his chin.
“I’ll take wings,” Castiel says, and tilts Dean’s head back to kiss him, just warmth and breath.
“There’s no bus service to the Rockport line until further notice,” he relays grudgingly. “Which the local news neglected to mention.”
“It would. We’d make it work.” Dean smiles in the dark. “I love you. You’re stuck with me.”
“First quarter.
“The Wheel. I’ll make you one,” Castiel promises, setting the mug aside. “Next is Imbolc. Our observation of that feast day is considerably less strenuous, though it does focus more on… fertility.”
“No tauntauns, no sleeping.”
Dean already has a half-dozen things squirreled away in various places around the house— mostly stupid stuff, like a mug that made Cas smile at the gas station and a set of nice notebooks. He wonders a little guiltily if this is something they should have talked about.
Dean can’t really argue with that, but he wants to. “Cas, we can make it work. What about the greenhouse room? There’s nothing in there yet, and it's out of the way of the worst of it.”
“I don’t want a frigging penguin,” he mutters as Castiel lets him use his clothes to pull himself up, staying rock-steady on his skates throughout. “How are you
” Dean says, starting on the buttons of his jeans. “Really. They loved you. They think you’re great.” He dumps them on the chair, too, then hits the lights. He kneels on the mattress and crawls towards Castiel with a ridiculous amount of protest from the creaking springs. “Why aren’t you under the covers? It’s freezing.”
Which is when Bela Talbot comes around the corner and exclaims, “Dean Winchester?”
“Right, that’s fucking ridiculous,” he mutters, letting the bedskirt drop back down. “Cas!”
The crowd around the Christmas tree is all but hiccuping with laughter by the time they get to the teens, and then number fourteen says, “I want to see what’s in the big flat one,” and Jelly Belly Adams gets stolen three times in the next five numbers.
Sam pushes himself up in the seat and wiggles until he’s facing the window. He rubs at the glass where condensation has made a thin layer of frost, brings his face down to the cleared patch. “Where?”
Castiel says plaintively, and Dean muffles his laughter in his bare shoulder.
Dean sings to him,
Castiel finishes pulling the striped paper off and slides a finger under the tape on the lid. Dean asks, “And why would that matter?”
MA-Creative-ArtDesign-DL@talbotpartners.com; MA-Creative-Directors-DL@talbotpartners.com
“Wonderful,” Dean says. “Stick close.”
“Your lips are blue,” Castiel retorts, and abandons the steaming sink to push Dean up the stairs.
Storebought, and obviously a mistake I am never repeating
Baggage claim, when Dean can coax Castiel into the elevator, is a madhouse of bodies and endlessly turning carousels, overflow luggage arranged in long ragged lines beside them. Small children run shrieking through the crowds, and over the din of a thousand angry, tired people, Jingle Bells jangles on with relentless cheer. Dean still has a firm grip on Castiel’s hand, and the man lets himself be towed through the mess to the crowd milling aimlessly under the incoming flight board. Castiel is the one who spots that the luggage from Sam’s connecting flight is coming into carousel 12; of course, it’s on the opposite side of the concourse from where they’ve wandered, and the trek back wastes another ten minutes.
“Fascists!” Becky says tearfully, and scuttles off.
“Yeah,” Dean breathes. His pulse hasn’t slowed, and his heart is starting to beat a rhythm he can almost hear. “I’m Dean. What’s your name?”
list, which is mostly good books and warm socks. By the expression on his face, Ben has given up understanding the adults in his life.
“Yes,” Sam says with a significant stare that Dean ignores. “
Then they start to pull back, and Sam’s looking up, question forming in his eyes as he glances between Dean’s face to the man standing awkwardly beside him. He steps back from Sam, giving Castiel an encouraging smile and slipping a hand behind his back to nudge him closer.
“I think that’s unlikely,” Castiel says dryly. “But I assure you, it will be perfect.” He frowns at the junk mail in his lap like he’ll know what to blame if it isn’t.
“It should be easier once we get on the highway,” Dean says, just as Ben drags Castiel into the foyer carrying two thermoses of coffee and his coat still undone.
“What did you do,” Dean says flatly out of the corner of his mouth, watching as Castiel turns the box over, looking for a seam to rip from.
Dean shakes his head. “You’ll just have to stay inside and be warm. Tragedy!”
“Hell yes, go team!”
come find me once you’ve had the chance for a few drinks?”
The space between the gnarled trunks looks… wrong, somehow, like his eyes are playing tricks on him. The word is not
“But—”
” adds Bobby, who snored his way through the entire Cowboys game earlier in the afternoon.
“Sam, come on! You haven’t seen half this place, it’s a beautiful day outside—”
“I suppose I’ll have to,” Castiel sighs, shoulder pulling up like it tickles.
you, darling?”
Castiel repeats with more venom. “Don’t you dare.”
,” Sam says with relish. “Cas this, Cas that. Cas’ cat is so adorable, Cas’ house is so cool, I’m going to buy him a water heater.”
“Jus’ a seh!” Dean calls back, and mutters, “Oh mah Gah.”
“There’s a company,” Castiel says, looking confused when Dean asks how the long driveway gets cleared. “Everyone uses them. I’ll see if they’re available tomorrow.”
“I want you to know that I am doing this under duress,” Castiel says from just out of sight, through the open closet door. “I refuse to be held accountable.”
“Lookin’ good, sweetheart,” he says, and despite the glower he sees Castiel’s lips twitch.
His loving husband promises him the finest of Campbell’s tomato and more, though the grilled cheese takes a bit longer after the remnants of Castiel’s first attempt set off the smoke alarm. Dean is pulling his boots off in the mudroom when he hears it, and tracks a bunch of melting snow into the kitchen just in time to see Castiel submerge the smoking pan and all its contents in the sink.
“I’m not going to get into an accident,” Dean protests, and then stomps on the breaks as a hotel shuttle starts to lumber into their lane. “Jesus!”
“Super awake,” Dean says, yawning hugely. “Mm.”
charlene.bradbury@talbotpartners.com; victor.henriksen@talbotpartners.com; benoit.lafitte@talbotpartners.com
“You might consider an alternative to
Dean surfaces in the morning with the hazy feeling he’s forgotten something important, floats there for a while in the wan December sunlight, then sits bolt upright with a grin and says, “
Friday morning, there’s a tall, wrapped box on the stoop with a velvet bow Dean recognizes from the attic draped across it. Castiel lets him walk right into it, and stays poker-faced as Dean shoots him questioning looks and slowly tears off the paper.
“It’s good to make your acquaintance,” he says, offering a hand. “Castiel Milton.”
Dean can’t help it. He slaps a hand over his mouth, but it’s no use; the laugh escapes in a snorting burst through his fingers. “Sorry, sorry—”
f 617 555 5870
“Oh, the Mouse King is on the back,” Castiel says from behind him, tracing something large and heavily embroidered across his shoulder blades. Dean decides he does not want to see or know anything else about what’s back there— like encountering any Lovecraftian horror, that way lies madness. “These are very well done. Miss Bradbury is quite the artist.”
“I thought we’d drive down to New York, see the ball drop for our first New Years,” Dean says to Benny, coming out of the break room. He pretends not to notice the dubious look he gets back, adding breezily, “It’s gonna be incredible.”
“I feel like I ran a marathon,” Dean complains, rolling to bury his face in Castiel’s chest. “My legs are
The woods take and absorb the sound, not even an echo making it back to him. When he turns to face the figure, the knife is out and held at his side.
Sam doesn’t answer, because Sam isn’t there— not beside him or behind him, or anywhere in sight when Dean spins around and stares at the suddenly empty space. “Sam?
“Whoopsie doodle,” Dean says, taking a step closer. Smoke starts to sting his eyes, and heat bleeds through his clothes to his skin in a sluggish wave. The figure hesitates, then steps up to the edge of the burning logs— mirroring him again. Dean can tell by the way it moves there’s a man under all the fur and teeth. Something man-shaped, at least. “Totally my bad. Bring him back and I’ll tuck this thing away, promise.”
“Why have it in the first place?” Dean counters.
“How many letters?” Dean asks.
“You can’t laugh!” Castiel says, immediately hunching over and cupping himself in a vain attempt to hide the crotch of the boxers, the letters there that read KISS ME UNDER THE MISTLETOE, the plastic bit of greenery clipped to his waistband. “This was your idea, I would have thrown them away!”
Not it.
“Sickening,” Victor declares him in a grumble, crouched low over his keyboard.
“Bing Crosby,” he says to Castiel. “Classic. You’re ready to go?”
“— but yeah, sorry,” Dean says, tucking the phone between his ear and shoulder as he keeps typing. “I think today is going to be a late one. I’ve got a consultation out in Roxbury and a holiday cocktail hour to drop in on closer to the city. Do you want to wait up? It’s cold out there.”
“Here we go,” Dean says, tugging it out. He’s so tired of just credit offers and these damn catalogs, and the card looks hand-addressed.
Damp footprints cross the floor back into the kitchen, and there’s a canister of hot cocoa mix out, an empty mug and saucepan waiting. There wouldn’t have been any milk to make it, Dean knows, because he has a replacement gallon for the one he finished that morning in the grocery bag on his hip.
“I’m aware. I was waiting for you,” Castiel grumbles, and Dean throws an arm around his waist and drags him up the bed until he can maneuver them both under the worn-soft sheets and old comforter. Cas goes willingly, wiggling close until they’re facing each other with Dean’s head on his arm, the other arm curled around Dean’s shoulders. His fingers brush idly through Dean’s hair.
f 617 555 5464
Rumsfeld gets fed and watered, and Dean checks the rest of the house, locks the door to the garage and cranks up the thermostat a few degrees before heading upstairs. When he gets to the end of the hall, the bathroom light is on and the sink is wet. Castiel’s toothbrush is out on the counter, their toothpaste laid next to it, mangled like always.
snowfall, since there's no way the first snow would fall in Boston in December
An additional frustration: there’s no practical way to hang the whole house with lights. Castiel had proposed and Dean had agreed that the line of the first-floor roof, which ran around the perimeter of the courtyard from east wing to garage, was a good place to start. Dean had decided to go for the second-story dormers on his own while Castiel made disapproving noises from the dormant front beds, then reappeared minutes later on the roof above him.
“The next step is elastic in your sleeves, Ralphie,” Dean says as he shifts gears.
soon,” Castiel says, mumbling but adamant.
Rudolph and friends shout at him.
“What a pleasant surprise,” she purrs, slinking up to join their group. She’s scintillating and jaw-droppingly gorgeous in a satiny dress and diamonds, slim heels so sharp they could kill a man. “How
“Don’t die out there, brother,” Benny yells after him, and Dean heads straight for the stairs at the northeast corner of the building and trots all the way down to Castiel’s floor, where there are already people gathering in the corridors and chattering excitedly.
“Probably,” Dean admits, leaning in for another. His mouth is warm but the tip of his nose is like ice, and it makes Dean laugh softly and kiss that too.
“Hey, I work on the car when it needs work!” Dean says, helplessly bedecked with cats, pursuing them to the bottom of the stairs.
She smiles brightly and Dean hates her a little. He manages a wobbly push, then another, while Castiel skates backwards in front of him with slow, fluid shifts from foot to foot. His arms aren’t even out for balance— more hovering out in front of him like he’s ready to catch Dean the second he stumbles. Which, for the record, Dean hasn’t done yet; possibly because he hasn’t gotten five feet off the dock.
Although they carpool more often than not, especially in the evenings Dean sometimes has events and client calls that pull him away from the office and out of range for Castiel to get a ride home. The man got around perfectly well before Dean and the Impala rode into his life, as he often likes to remind him, but there are some days the T, a long bus ride, and an extended walk just aren’t the best option. Dean checks his phone, but there’s no missed call, even though he’d mentioned the forecast and offered to skip his last meeting. Stubborn ass.
The door is closed and the water running when he makes it upstairs, so Dean hangs up his suit and pulls on the rattiest pair of sweatpants he owns, plus a shirt that might have been Sam’s circa 2012. One of Bobby’s Christmas presents had been a sturdy leather-reinforced apron for grilling, one of Jody’s a frilly yellow number with a heart-shaped top and lace edging. Dean digs through the jumbled mess of gifts on the dresser until he finds the yellow one and ties it tight around his waist.
“Cas—”
Castiel ends up plastered against the headboard, clutching it in a white-knuckled grip while Dean sucks him slow and wet through the cheap cotton of the boxers, inappropriate laughter sparking every time his nose brushes the mistletoe.
“Hey,” he whispers to Sam. “Wake up.”
. I know this is very important to you, and I— I don’t need coddling. This won’t be any different from Thanksgiving.”
MA-Creative-ArtDesign-DL@talbotpartners.com; MA-Creative-Directors-DL@talbotpartners.com
I thought we told all you to keep it wholesome, here.
!” loud enough to spook the cats sleeping with him.
He tells Victor, “I got us a penthouse suite in the Harbor Hotel downtown,” followed by a cheesy lear just to watch the man’s eyes roll. “Their in-house restaurant is
A charismatic-looking alpha appeared on the screen, standing at a speaker's lectern. The video started mid-speech. "Look at the number of omegas that actually have jobs. Only about
Dean scowled. It all sounded very nice and all but he couldn't imagine it helping at all. For example, how was the fact that his mother died in a house fire going to help him understand himself more? Not like she could've influenced him at all since she hadn't been in his life since he was four.
Sam stared at his brother in amazement. “Would Dad agree to that?”
"I'm afraid not."
Bobby snorted. "There's never any money if a politician doesn't want to do something. It's just an excuse."
Dean's mind went back to a comment underneath one of the articles. It read:
Cas grinned back at him. “I take it, you’re interested.”
Castiel squeezed Dean’s shoulder. “We can still go, if you want? Perhaps the situation is salvageable?”
“I definitely will,” Dean answered, throwing a smile over his shoulder.
Bobby grunted. "Well, come on in then. Dean has to get changed into his overalls and you and I need to have a talk," he told Castiel, the very picture of a father concerned about his daughter's virginity. Dean didn't really feel like dwelling on that, so he ran inside in search of his locker. Let the two of them hash it out alone, he thought.
Dean smiled gratefully at the older man and started walking by Gabriel's side. They stopped to pick up their room key from Charlie before walking at a fast pace through the park and across the street in order to make it quickly back to the hotel.
smell like anything - you couldn’t tell if she was an alpha, beta or omega and it seriously unsettled Dean.
Sam just rolled his eyes, mouthing the word “jerk” at the omega.
“There must be something I can do to make it easier for you,” the younger man beseeched.
Dean got up from the bed because nature was calling, still thinking. He used to be good at sports; he was always popular at school and everyone looked up to him. People still liked him even after he presented but they didn't really admire him anymore. They were nice to him; they coddled him...
I had to cut it somewhere but don't worry, the sexy times are going to continue in the next chapter.
The gruff man almost - but not quite - rolled his eyes. “Bullshit,” he repeated. “You want to enable your old man in his addictions, be my guest. If you really want to help him though, put the money to better use and send him to treatment.”
Castiel leaned closer to his face, kissing the side of his mouth as not to obstruct his breathing. "Come for me then," he urged him before moving his head to the side and biting at the mating gland in Dean's shoulder.
“But Cas is the one helping make the laws, right? I still don’t get why you need to know that stuff,” Sam reiterated.
Bobby must have noticed Dean's face because his eyes softened. "Do what makes you happy, Dean; there will always be people to pick you up if it doesn't work out."
His gaze fell on the old grandfather clock that stood in the corner of their living room, just next to the door to the hallway, and he started. It was already half past five and Castiel was supposed to pick him up at six, so they could go to dinner. Damn.
“Just get up for a little bit,” Castiel encouraged him. “See me off to work.”
Soon enough they were both right on the brink of orgasm. Dean felt tears of frustration at the corners of his eyes as he did his best to continue contracting his muscles. "Cas, Cas," he chanted.
Dean frowned, sizing his mate up. “You’re awfully quiet for someone who should be excited for me,” he noted. “Did I do something wrong?”
Dean couldn’t help giggling when Cas blew out a breath in his armpit, stirring the fine hairs and making his flesh pebble. All amusement vanished though when his husband moved over a short distance and sucked an already erect nipple into his mouth, flicking at it with his tongue and then tugging gently.
Dean typed out
“Um, Dean.” The younger lad shifted uneasily from foot to foot. “You’re still kind of a dork - but I want you to know that I really like living here with you and Castiel, okay?”
The redhead froze. “Oh, that’s good,” she offered hesitantly. “Isn’t that a bit sudden?”
"What was that?" Dean asked with a nervous laugh.
"Did he?" came the gruff response as Bobby accepted the hand, the disbelief clear in his voice.
Charlie elbowed the blonde in her side. "Shush, Jo. I was enjoying the history lesson."
"And you are a part of an Omega Rights group."
He felt new tears sliding down his cheeks but he didn't brush at them. It was only appropriate he looked like shit when he felt like shit.
“-annually,” the senator continued, sounding like a talking encyclopaedia. “And gasoline is just
"Shut up, old man, you're not my father."
Castiel nodded and kissed him again. "Okay. Take care, Dean."
Dean grinned at his brother, pleased to see him at least partially restored to his usual cheeky self. “That’s because it’s delicious,” he told Sammy. “Now come on and help me.”
Dean nodded. "Yeah," he said softly.
"Mr Singer, is it?" said Cas as he exited his car, stepping around a frozen Dean and offering Bobby his hand to shake. "Dean has spoken very nicely about you."
"Financial reforms are almost always unpopular. People are usually able to understand them at a smaller scale - they know that they can't spend money they don't have unless they're willing to get into a large debt - when it comes to a whole country though, people don't think about the future. They don't plan ahead because they think that a whole state cannot go bankrupt. We need to keep our economy alive and well for future generations."
“Mmm, I think Lieutenant Henriksen made them. Meg probably just wanted to offload them on us.”
He flirted with the idea of joining the party the Omega Rights group had organized in celebration of the new voting bill draft. It was supposed to take place the next evening in Colorado Springs, which was about a hundred kilometres away from where Dean lived. He would have to contact someone from the page to give him a lift as his father would never let him take the Impala and he would have to spend the night in the Springs.
The omega bit his lip to stop himself from aggravating the situation even more. It wasn’t like John had ever really taken care of them; it had always been Dean who did everything, while his dad was somewhere getting mothered. “I’ll take care of him,” he finally murmured, not looking John in the eye.
He listened to some blonde's rendition of
"I told you to call me Bobby, boy."
What if he forgot to tell them something important? Warn them off of something potentially dangerous? Or what if he fell asleep while they were out at some party and didn't check on them? What if his baby started crying and he didn't understand what it wanted? He would screw them up for life.
"Yeah."
When Cas got home that evening, he looked absolutely done in, but he still found the energy to reassure Dean, “Sweetheart, there’s no way you could have either foreseen or prevented these rumors.”
The answering chuckle he received made Dean really happy.
Five hours later, he and Bobby were sitting at an outside table, eating sandwiches and discussing which cars were salvageable and which ones were lost cases, when the conversation turned to their favourite cars.
They did share their impressions after they left the Underwater World, heading along the main street, hands still clutched together.
After he finished, he made a cup of lemon and honey tea and brought it up to his brother.
The older man shrugged. "You don't really know but you have to try anyway. And if you have a good support system in your family and mate, it's all a bit easier. At least that's what I've been told."
" Dean scowled in not-entirely-pretend astonishment. "I bet she doesn't even have a name, does she?"
He felt Castiel's hands sliding down his arms before moving to his waist and grasping at his shirt, and his brain suddenly short-circuited. This was it.
Sam turned to their father. "Dean went to another job interview."
he also set down two plastic cups containing bits of the cookies softened in milk. “Want me to put them in their highchairs?” he asked.
Naturally enough, Dean hadn’t considered it from that perspective. After a moment’s thought, he stuttered, “N- no, I mean-” Becoming surer as he spoke, he finished, “Yeah, I would. I can see now why the nurse might have worried Aaron was abused. She was still a bitch though,” he muttered.
“You too, Cas,” the omega replied, closing the door behind his mate. He sighed heavily, leaning back against the wall and closing his eyes. He couldn’t help feeling a little put out that Castiel was leaving him alone for such a long time, but he wasn’t some whiney little omega, so he told himself to suck it up. Straightening up, Dean heaved himself off of the wall and headed back upstairs to their bedroom. He picked out his clothes for the day and then made the mistake of trying to simultaneously brush his teeth and pull on a T-shirt. His efforts resulted in a toothpaste-stained collar and a sore palate from where he’d jabbed it with the head of his toothbrush. Oh well, some you won, some you lost.
Dean actually really liked the article, finding it to have a realistic take on the problem. He didn't figure he would ever
"Think, Dean. Compare the welfare benefits and minimum wage for example."
The older man's hands suddenly pushed at him a bit more and Dean found himself tipping over onto the bed. He giggled as he bounced on the firm mattress and watched with hooded eyes as Castiel leaned over him, his hands straying downwards.
“No, it looks great,” Dean wheezes, actual tears squeezing out of his eyes. “Very— very Christmas-y, and—”
Half an hour or so later, while he’s waiting for the soup to thicken, Dean wanders over to the table and starts to pick through the mess. It’s things and places he’s never heard of, the Smithsonian and Edmund’s Scientifics, art supplies and homegoods and a Great Courses class listing that could double as a phone book. Down at the bottom is a fairly sizable Cabela’s mag, complete with Santa flyfishing on the cover, and slotted between the pages is a white envelope.
“Just follow my lead,” Castiel tells him, and moves.
“You hear that, you useless piece of shit? It would make him
“In the kitchen!” he calls back, nudging Rosie away from a fallen mushroom slice with his foot.
The dark look returns and Dean puts his hands up. “Sorry, sorry. How about lunch on me, too?”
“Jeez, kid, I hope they’re paying you a commission,” Dean says wryly.
haunted. Unbelievably haunted. So haunted the Travel Channel is trying to get the rights and Annabelle’s on her way with her hope chest.”
“No, I brought the
“Fuck,” Dean says shakily. “Yeah, I’ll fucking dance. You want the cha-cha slide or the hokey-pokey?”
Dean counts in his head. “On the rocks?”
No Cas in the bathroom, second through fifth bedrooms, other bathrooms, dumbwaiter, laundry chutes, sitting room, or the weird and dusty passage behind the sitting room that’s open to the formal dining room on the first floor. No Cas in the dining room. No Cas in the breakfast room. No Cas in the den, the library, the parlor, the billards room, the gun room, or the drafty hall where the cow-roasting fireplace lives.
“Not helpful,” Dean says, glaring down at his instrument panel like a healthy dose of fear is all the old girl needs to suddenly discover that no, she isn’t really out of gas in the middle of fucking nowhere, an hour after Dean had seen that last rundown gas station and thought,
“New rule, only two steals per item,” Benny yells above the noise, and gets shouted down by the media relations reps, Anna included, clutching the portrait like it’s a Rembrandt. “Fine! Keep it! But after this it’s only two! Number nineteen, you’re out of luck.”
“How about that,” Dean murmurs, looking down at their joined hands.
Come on, when did I become the patsy for this crap? It was one pie!
The company comes in the early blue dawn, while the snow is still falling, and scrapes half the gravel off the road surface and into the rounded drifts the sickle of the plow makes. They leave the courtyard untouched and Dean fuming from the top step when he comes to check on the job.
“Thanks for the tip,” Dean mumbles. Castiel’s fingers are carding through Dean’s hair, smoothing stray strands from Dean’s face. “Don’t suppose you got a schedule for those.”
“That’s one you should use,” Dean says, handing the camera back to her. “The
Hoo boy, Dean thinks. “This isn’t coddling,” he promises, squeezing his hand. Cas’ fingers are cold and his palm is faintly damp; it might be a insensitive of him, but it makes Dean smile. “I’m just getting a good grip to make sure you can’t run away. I’ve been telling you over and over what a nerdy little asshole Sam is, and now I’m going to stick you with him for
(See the end of the chapter for
3. I am informed by exactly one (1) source that pouyaille = good grief in Cajun creole
“Oh,” Castiel says with an answering smile that’s half grimace. He turns away to fill his thermos. “Alright. I suppose I’ll… look forward to that.”
“Uh… good morning,” Dean says to the dead air. “How did everyone sleep?”
my God, that’s good. The party started, like, fifteen minutes ago. It’s almost time for speeches.”
it’d be fine.”
“Yes, your terrible brother, the Stanford law student,” Castiel says sourly, going even more hunched in the shoulders. “One of the people you love best in the world, who only knows me through hideously awkward phonecalls—
Dean, very familiar with Charlie’s elastic sense of time, goes across the room to where Kevin sits hunched over a tablet with enormous industrial headphones perched on his head. He jumps like a startled cat when Dean touches his shoulder, then pulls one side away from his head. If he’s listening to his own music, Dean can’t hear it over squealing electric guitars.
“Or you could throw something back!”
The handle drops slightly, then slowly grinds down with a piercing shriek of metal on metal. Dean plants a foot on the blackened back wall of the fireplace and leans into it until he can feel the breeze of their nice warm inside air being pulled out the chimney and into the wintry evening.
castiel.milton@talbotpartners.com
“Becky,” Dean says in what he thinks is a reasonable tone.
“Oh, fine. Always wonderful to see you,” Dean lies, because he’s not an idiot and the woman has her grandfather wrapped around her little finger. He accepts the light hug and very continental air kisses she presses on him with the same superficial warmth, and when they part they smile knowingly at each other. They were always too alike to be friends, though they’d managed other things.
When he gets downstairs, though, Castiel and Sam are sitting in complete silence opposite ends of the kitchen island. There are mugs out and signs the coffeemaker’s been used, a dribble of cream on the counter next to the fridge. Sam has his phone out, and Castiel appears completely engrossed in the newspaper.
“You aren’t dressed,” the man observes, stepping closer.
I don't know if foodtrucks hanging out around Boston Commons is a thing, but
Naomi DeVille
MA-Creative-ArtDesign-DL@talbotpartners.com; MA-Creative-Directors-DL@talbotpartners.com
“Hey, it’s just as easy to drive from Queens to Boston as Boston to Queens,” Dean says to Jody. “
“It’s
“That’s the idea, yeah,” Dean says. A horrific thought strikes him. “You’re not going to try to stay until five? Cas, we’ll get trapped by traffic even if the snow doesn’t get us and trust me, that car does not sleep two full-grown men.”
“Uh, Sam?” Dean asks under his breath, angling his head back. “What’s the tricorder say, man?”
Dean says savagely, and pulls at the damper handle with his entire weight behind it.
“Not me,” Bobby mumbles, hat tipped low over his eyes. “I finally got this damn thing to recline all the way.”
“I’m plenty dressed,” Dean says, watching him come, “but if you think I’m leaving this house at any point in the next forty-eight hours, you’ve got another think coming.”
He props it up on the otherwise bare counter next to the refrigerator, because what few magnets they have are holding up the township recycling schedule and a notice from Dr. Fitzgerald that the cat is due for teeth-cleaning. It looks kind of lonely, sitting there by itself, but Dean knows he can probably count on a few people at work and some clients to send more. Not family, probably; Bobby doesn’t believe in polite gestures like greeting cards, and Sam wouldn’t know one if it bit him on the ass.
His husband hands him a cat.
“There is no possible way that thing is meant to be worn outside,” Dean protests. “How would you even get your coat on?”
those people would be
“Do you think we offended Ellen, leaving so early?” he asks.
“Hi there,” Dean says, and doesn’t care if his grin looks idiotic. They haven’t seen each other since that morning, and Castiel is wearing his glasses and a tired frown— marks of a rough day down in Finance. Still, the sight of him so incredibly good, like strong sun after days of rain, that Dean just drinks his fill while Castiel’s expression turns arch, then long-suffering.
Dear Dean,
1. Castiel's books (
"No," Dean pants. "It was not." He tries to roll over, finds himself mostly pinned by the base, and just gives in. "I’m... I'm going to lay here for a second."
— just to sit inside and write a paper?”
A little after seven thirty and a dismal three feet from the garage door, Dean sees a figure approaching from the road and stops to catch his breath, slumped over his brand-new shovel. The orange Home Depot sticker is still on the handle.
“Sam, this is—”
Re: Re: Fw: Talbot Boston Holiday Party - Call for Support
“It’ll be better once the sun sets, anyway,” Lisa says, ruffling Ben’s hair. “Let’s go see the tree, honey.”
“It’s tradition,” he says slowly. “It was my father’s.”
“I suppose not,” Castiel allows grudgingly, and Dean rewards him by smoothing on the biggest bandage in the box. “Is that really necessary?”
Dean moans, feeling bludgeoned by glitter.
“Shush,” Castiel tells him, and the first layer drops back over his naked body. It’s not nearly enough, but the second and third layer follow, until some of that drowsy warmth of just-waking-up has seeped back in and Dean can relax into it.
Dean wants to snap that the only one in danger here is this fucking freak, because the only dance Dean’s doing is right through the damn fire to aerate his lungs if he doesn’t cough up Sam in the next three seconds. But Dean’s eyes are drawn along the skull’s sightlines to the edges of clearing, where the oaks stand in silent watch.
, soft enough to explode into a million snowy fragments on impact. Castiel jumps and is already turning when a second snowball glances off his shoulder. His expression shifts from startled confusion to pure bewilderment when he sees Dean.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Tomorrow,” Dean says firmly, feeling for the blankets they’d kicked to the foot of the bed. “We can do whatever you want, tomorrow.”
,” Castiel confirms, and burrows deeper into Dean’s hold.
Sam kicks the tray again so it bumps Dean’s leg. “Dean, have you seen this place? You
Castiel flings a clumsy handful of new snow that barely gets any airtime, and Dean’s next throw splashes across his chest and face. Dean blames the man’s squawk of outrage for the utterly debilitating laughter that keeps him bent over and unable to react quickly enough when Castiel makes it to him and immediately stuffs his snow-covered gloves down Dean’s coat and shirtcollar.
“You really want to just sit here?”
“In the grove,” the figure says slowly. “As are you. Drawing a weapon inside the circle is forbidden.”
“What’s this?” he asks, reaching past Castiel to snag it and hold it out so they can both see.
What Castiel wants, Dean finds out too late, is him shaking, sweating, unable to keep his hands still and twisting them in the sheets instead. He wants Dean trying to stifle desperate moans and shocked noises before they leave his throat, and failing. He wants to watch Dean’s body arch while his heels drag restlessly, uselessly against the bedding. He wants to hear Dean’s voice go high and break in the middle of his name, wants him to keep his eyes open. He tells Dean what he wants, and Dean gives it to him, lets him have it, all of it.
When Castiel rounds the corner into the kitchen, he’s wearing a tux and his funeral shoes. He stands in the doorway and squints accusingly as Dean sets the knife down, leans against the counter and makes a show of admiring the scenery, from glossy black wingtips to the slightly dusty shoulders of the dinner jacket.
Castiel mumbles, arm thrown over his eyes.
p 617 555 5871
benoit.lafitte@talbotpartners.com
“Well, thank you,” Castiel murmurs.
Dean shrugs. “Couple cakes, some other stuff. We were up late.”
“I don’t understand that reference,” Castiel says, face buried in the scarf up to his nose.
“Absolutely,” Dean says, checking the edges. “There’s a farm on the drive in from Boston. Why don’t we stop by one night next week and pick up a tree?”
Castiel dutifully leans over the iron roof cresting, the bundle of lights dangling from his fingers for a moment before he lets go and they slide down the shingles into Dean’s waiting hands in a shower of ice and snow. There had been a few times in the beginning where one or both of them missed the handoff, but they’ve been at this for hours now: Dean breaking in his new tree-scaling ladder by planting it in the cold mud at all corners of the house, Castiel tossing him lights from the ground, various windows, and now the freaking belvedere. Dean didn’t even know what a belvedere was until tonight.
“A bit,” Castiel tells him, eyes soft. “What song is this?”
Castiel has been putting up wreaths, too, on what looks like every outdoor light fixture they own. The red ribbons flutter wildly in the chilly wind coming off the water, but the effect is festive and very New England. Dean’s a recent enough transplant to notice and appreciate it, the way they look against cedar shingles and dark shutters.
“Yeah, yeah, spend your money,” Victor mutters. “It’s all tourist lobster and bad wine anyway.”
Tuesday, December 06, 2016 1:29 PM
“Yes,” Castiel says immediately, brightening. Dean holds out the briefcase and he takes it, disappearing into the hallway towards the stairs. The cats appear like fat furry genies to thread their claws into the calf of Dean’s slacks while he’s trying to untie his shoes, and there’s a brief detour to feed them. Kibble dispensed, Dean heads for the butler’s pantry, which is bigger than some bedrooms he’s had over the years and smells persistently like ancient cinnamon. He grabs an apron on his way in.
just the upper half of the apparently enormous fake fucking Christmas tree, easily twelve feet tall and significantly wider than the door it just exited— looks back at the attic steps, and then at Dean. “I don’t know if I can,” he admits.
scarf?” Dean wants to know, hands cupped around his mouth, but then the wind reaches him in a rush of powder and he hurriedly closes the door.
“Go sit,” Castiel says firmly, never one to be deterred by small setbacks. Then he gets a better look at Dean and says, “Go
The soup is good, and reheats well over the next two or three miserably rainy days. Castiel doesn’t say anything about the card, though Dean still winces every time it catches his eye, and over the next week he’s able to add few more— a homemade card from Charlie, an overtly Christian monograph from Missouri, and a couple of mass-printed and virtually identical season’s greetings from companies around town.
Except that she never specified a floor, Ellen somehow heard J.C. Penny’s, and they never quite manage to meet up in the middle— too many people, too loud and frenzied. They do find Jody and her partner Donna mostly by chance, and together pry Annie kicking and screaming out of a nearby Hollister. Dean keeps Ben from running off in the direction of the Lego Store with both hands and the promise of a cinnabun, then almost loses his husband to the first bookstore they come across.
Tuesday, December 06, 2016 1:36 PM
Tuesday, December 06, 2016 1:27 PM
“Ditto,” Jody says, holding her own beer balanced on her stomach. “Time to get new chairs, Ellen.”
Please feel free to reach out to myself or Inias with any questions.
“Not oatmeal raisin?”
The first inkling Dean has that Castiel didn’t enjoy his Friday night commute is the single shoe in the middle of the hallway leading from the mudroom, all but afloat in a puddle of rainwater.
“Aw, were you watching?” Dean teases, resting the shovel on his shoulder. “Just finishing up out here.” And not a moment too soon— he’s exhausted and a little lightheaded, like no breakfast and a couple hours of hard labor is bad or something. “Listen, do we have any canned soup?”
they’ll have interesting insights into the particular challenges that come with advertising for septic tank services. Benny and Dean look at the cracked door, look at each other, and arrive at the mutual, wordless conclusion that it’s a lovely day to get lunch outside the building.
His demands get more frantic when Dean noses into the open fly and curls his tongue around the trapped head, pulling it into his mouth and free from the fabric. The hot weight of it feels good, the stretch in his jaw nothing compared to the silky rub of it against the insides of his cheeks, the roof of his mouth. Dean has his hands on Castiel’s thighs, holding him in place, but the push of his lips, his mouth working over tight, smooth skin makes Castiel squirm and jerk against Dean’s weight.
“Our instructor was a former Russian figure skater,” Anna adds, gliding along. “She had a house on the same lake.”
Castiel, miraculously bescarved and gloved for once, shakes his head mulishly. “I’ll come down.
He offers a hand, and Castiel takes it, lets him pull him closer until they’re bumping shoulders. Dean doesn’t say
Dean helps him lay it along the wall when it doesn’t quite clear the ceiling, and then pulls him back towards the bedroom and into the ensuite. Dean had still been blissfully half-asleep, only barely curious as to where Castiel had wandered off to this early on a Saturday morning, when the sound of a human being and a hundred pounds of ancestral mock fir falling out of the attic had brought him bolt upright and scared out of his mind. Castiel immediately yelling,
“Oh, yeah, talk accounting to me,” Dean says around half a gooey sandwich, and Castiel steals the other half in retaliation.
There’s also Anna, watching Castiel try to coax Dean onto the ice with a smile of honest enjoyment. Dean could be generous and assume she’s happy to see Cas and him outside of work, but thinks it’s probably at least partially because Dean’s making a complete ass of himself in public.
“What a— gendered slur,” Charlie says, staring after her. “I mean, she smells incredible, but that is deeply uncool.”
“We need to join the dance,” the man says, extending his hand again. He has clear, almost crystalline eyes and an angular face, a jawline to cut marble. His hair is short and he’s cleanshaven; somehow, Dean was expecting a beard. At least a ponytail. “Drop the knife.”
Castiel is still shaving when Dean wanders into the ensuite the next morning, barechested and damp from the shower.
Castiel’s body language, which had been showing minute signs of relaxation, locks up again. “Oh?”
“I know you can telework, I’ve seen you do it,” Dean says in counterpoint, but Castiel is already stepping through the crumbly snow blown up against the door in the night and wading out into the courtyard.  Fresh flakes scour across the dune-like surface and he hunches, pulling his lapels closed with one hand.
charlene.bradbury@talbotpartners.com; dean.winchester@talbotpartners.com
“Cas,” Dean manages not to squeak, led backwards and forwards and drawn in dizzying parabolas, the only things keeping him from stumbling Castiel’s firm grip at his waist and the hand he has fisted in Castiel’s shirt. “Holy shit, okay! I get it! You can waltz—”
“Speaking of,” Jody says, dragging herself out of the recliner. She gets to her feet and crosses the room to the stairway. “Girls! Dean and Castiel are leaving, are you going to say goodbye?”
“I’ll make a lazy ass out of you yet,” Dean says affectionately. He sets the laptop on the far side of the bed and grabs the comforter to pull up to their chins, sneaking a kiss to Castiel’s slack lips before he shuts his eyes again.
“Go team,” Dean says.
nerds,” Dean says, nearly boneless with relief. “You still want that breakfast?”
because even though it’s true it won’t ease that line between his eyebrows.
She’s just ribbing him, the same as she would Dean or Sam, but Castiel stiffens immediately. “I’m awake,” he says, eyes flicking around the room. “Apologies.”
Dean doesn’t land in a bush because Castiel grabs the ladder and throws himself in the opposite direction, trampling a section of ivy as he does. Dean submits meekly to the shouting once he’s on the ground again, Castiel’s blue eyes furious in a face flushed with cold. Once he seems to be winding down, Dean dares to take his hands in his.
He tells Bobby, “Cabin in Vermont.” He edits that slightly to “Bed and breakfast in Maine,” for Ellen and “Ski lodge in New Hampshire,” for Jody. Sam’s down in Queens with them for the turn of the year, and Dean gets a text from him later that day that just says,
“Hi, Castiel,” his brother says, and really, thank the baby Jesus for Sam: instead of looking confused or taken aback, there’s the dawn of real, obvious pleasure in his eyes, a growing smile as he takes the offered hand. “It’s Castiel, right?”
Fw: Talbot Boston Holiday Party - Call for Support
“Sorry. Must have lost my invite,” Dean says, keeping his hand under his coat. “Knew I was forgetting something.”
“Alright— bags? Any more bags?” he says loudly, wheeling around to look at the belt. “I’m here to pick up bags and chew gum, and I’m all out of gum.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“You look like Jack Nicholson at the end of
“My brother,” Castiel says when Dean points it out. They’re cooking together again, this time Dean’s fallback fill ‘er up meal of spaghetti and meatballs. Castiel is in charge of arranging frozen dinner rolls on a baking sheet to keep him away from the sauce, and leaves them next to the stove to come look. “The oldest. He has two daughters, though Hannah is the only one we keep in regular contact with. She’s the taller girl, there.”
Dean scans the clearing and the trees ringing it for any sign of life— parked cars, tire tracks, tackle, cooking utensils, tables, chairs. There’s nothing. Just a them and a big, big fire, in a perfect circle in the middle of the woods.
They are, at a rate that makes Dean laugh before asking, “Wait, are you serious?” He asks that question a few more times, then hangs up, does some searching online and in the yellow pages, and ends up calling them back and taking the smugly noted late reservation fee with gritted teeth.
“I see it,” Sam says, and doesn’t sound happy. “It’s not bright enough for a house. Could just be storage, or a barn, and we’d be shit out of luck.”
“What?
“We found your car, by the way,” Castiel says, raising the mug to his lips. He doesn’t seem at all bothered by the cold. “Sam told us where to look, and Inias towed it to the yard. In the future, you might consider carrying extra fuel when traveling through this part of the state. We’re careful, but distance can get a bit… unreliable during powerful workings.”
one. And if I see that thing again, whether it’s pointed at me or not, I’m confiscating it until spring.”
says a note on top of it all.
of every last person we meet today, Charlie included,” Dean says with a deep, deep sigh, and goes to steal a pair of socks.
Dean tries to get a one-two-three, one-two-three rhythm going but they’re both painfully bad at it, bad enough it has him laughing too hard to properly sing the next few lines.
“Not anymore,” Dean says, face mashed into Sam’s jacket sleeve. “It’s the cat litter room now.”
“I am very, very grateful,” Castiel says quickly. “So very grateful. In fact— would you like to open something early, Dean?”
“Would it kill you to listen to something less
/weeps into my hands
“Fire?” Dean asks hopefully. He’d brought in seven or eight split logs last night and picked up Duraflame starters at the grocery store for just this occasion, and he’s never been more in the mood to watch something burn.
He hummed as he rolled the foreign flavour in his mouth. "I dig that," he said finally.
"And was I?"
Dean felt a pang of annoyance. He couldn't help but feel offended at the implication that he was butt hurt about not getting more money from the state. "Well, that's easy for you to say, since you're rich."
"You saw Novak again?"
Dean waved his hands around in frustration. "Nothing's gone wrong, Dad. I'm just not ready for that; we've barely just kissed!"
hungry, or do you not want to be a
Castiel's smile tightened, though it still looked professional.
drank coffee. Well, almost never, he amended his thought. She’d downed cup after cup of black coffee when she was figuring out how best to deal with the alcoholism rumours about him. If there was ever another situation that required a high-octane petrol, the current mess was it.
Gabriel started laughing so hard that he almost fell off his chair.
“I still don’t get what that means,” Sam stated, a puzzled frown on his face.
The alpha grunted at the back of his throat, kissing the mating gland on Dean's left shoulder. "Are you sure? Have you thought about this before?"
Geesh, thought Dean, she’d somehow made that sound way worse than ‘fubsy’ or ‘snowflake.’
"Uh, yeah," he said hesitantly, "I just hope I'll be able to visit frequently. Someone needs to be there to wipe his nose," he added jokingly.
“Thanks for coming over,” Dean welcomed the political coach into the house early that morning.
Castiel took a considering sip of his own whiskey before looking at Dean. "Indeed. Do you want to get the fire burning or shall I?"
with a cringe - and started reading.
Dean opened and closed his mouth a few times. "Oh."
“It’s okay, sweetheart. You can let go,” Cas husked, peering up at him from under long, thick eyelashes..
He ended up on the other side of the room from his mate, chatting with some of the wives and husbands of the other politicians and throwing helpless looks across the room. Castiel just gave him his gummy smile whenever they caught eyes though.
"I can assure you, Dean, that I am not offended. It's fairly understandable why you wouldn't be interested in any-"
Dean sighed dreamily, stirring the pot. “He called it a mating present, even though we didn’t have a proper ceremony or anything,” he continued. “He had bought it off some clueless alpha for cheap - Bobby’s ballsy like that.”
“Castiel,” the senator from New York greeted them with a warm smile. “And this must be your mate,” he noted, turning to Dean with a friendly smile.
Part of the problem was that Meg didn’t look much older than Dean but behaved as if she were an all-knowing ancient goddess, on top of which she was dismayingly competent and professional. The omega knew he wasn’t being fair - Meg just had a brisk, no-nonsense approach - but it felt to him like she was just highlighting his lack of knowledge. The other thing was that she didn’t look
Noah, not to be outdone by his brother, chimed in, “I’s sowry too!”
"You shouldn't try to achieve equality by lowering yourself to our level, you should raise us to your level. You're not doing anyone any favours the way you're setting it up."
The older Winchester heaved himself out of his seat as quickly as he could managed and threw his arms in the air victoriously. "Dean!" he cried out, a big grin on his face, "I'm so proud of you, boy!"
Dean picked some chocolate-filled toffees and Gabriel gave him a pleased grin. "A man after my own heart, I see. A bit too young maybe," he admitted, "but cute."
Dean shuddered at the horrific story, but then shook his head. “It’s really sad that happened to your friend, but my dad doesn’t take drugs, Gabe; he just drinks a lot. That would never happen to him.”
Gabriel nodded, standing up and offering Dean a hand to help him up too. "Come on, Dean-o, I'll walk with you. I'm gonna hit the hay as well."
