Dean nodded, Castiel scooped a small amount and held it to Dean's lips, tentatively he reached out to take the bite.
“ which only made Dean freakout more” Garth continued “He had a panic attack, starting hitting himself, nearly took out his feeding tube and IV, it was a terrible man he was begging ,Bobby not to hurt him. We had to give him a really mild sedative”
Garth ushered him forward, He tried to remember what he learned in some of his foster classes when working with traumatized omegas, put your hands where they can see them, do not alpha posture no matter what, walking slowly, and speak softly.
Castiel nodded and looked around him he didn’t like hospitals didn’t like there overtly clean smells, that covered all the worse scents, the sadness and, grief and pain. Jody gave him an encouraging smile something she had been doing since they got here this morning. Cas was pretty sure Jody new he was a flight risk.
Castiel has volunteered in omega rehabilitation since he moved to Sioux Falls, he took all the classes a few years ago and become a fosterer. A foster was technically not an omega specialist. Their main job was to provide a home for a few weeks maybe a month after omega was released from a hospital or center. Or provide a safe house if an omega needed to hide out from an abusive situation. Fosters were of course trained in how to handle abused and traumatized omega, but they weren’t doctors.  A “fragile omega” going to a foster instead of a center or hospital was kind of seen as a last resort usually used for omega without families or income.
Castiel looked around his living with all the lights still on and a documentary about ancient plants on the tv. “No, you are…”
Dean felt pains in his stomach, he wasn’t sure, if it was from hunger or the heat. He tried to find a comfortable position on the cot, but as Alastair put it he had “just provided a service” and his bed was sticky and smelled like strange alpha and that made the whole thing worse. All he could do was close his eyes and hope he would fall asleep, the Alpha he was with was rough, and he was sure he was bleeding, he knew he should probably try to clean himself but he didn’t even have the energy to find the water bucket. In the corner, there was a new girl she couldn’t stop crying she was just brought in a month ago, and for that month that’s all she did, cry.
He hasn't really eaten since he went to the hospital,Dr.Singer told him he was on a feeding tube for now, cause he was having trouble keeping food down.  His stomach hurt, but not as bad as it did a few days ago.
“Dean had a rough morning” he heard Garth say “Bobby had to check a wound on a more sensitive area, and he went into a panic and kicked the good doctor”, Through squinted eyes he saw the man in the trench coat...no um... Castiel, nodding.
Castiel gave a small smile and promised Garth he would not do anything to hurt Dean. Garth then ran  through a list of what he called security questions
“Im s-sorry” Dean mumbled still not looking up “It doesn't hurt as much now, and you can ask Dr.Singer he said I was good all morning” He may have said the last part a little to desperately
Dean saw at least three new clients he has never seen before, he tried to sniff the air to see of they were alphas or betas but found he couldn’t pick up their scents. But they had guns. They’re gonna kill us Dena thought.
“Thank you sir” Dean replied, he tried to hide the smile that started to form, because of the compliment, but it was a hard task.  Dean once again turned his attention to the jello cup, he hoped Cas would see that ad proof of his good behavior this morning.
“Thank…” Dean tried to thank the man, but he was thrust into having a coughing fit. He had this cough for a few weeks, Garth told him he had a chest infection.    Dean tried to sit up to get the water on the bed side table, but between the coughing and the chills he couldn't make it. Cas must have seen the struggle, because he immediately sprang into action, pouring the water from the pink plastic pitcher into the cup close by.
“I know there’s nothing I can say to make you feel better right now, but you being the sheriff I know you are I have no doubt you saved their lives,” Castiel said
The old man introduced himself, said to call him Bobby, he told Dean, many words Dean didn't understand, and some he did.
“Dean I want you to have these things, I want nothing in return, do you think you understand?” Cas said
“Alright it came down a little” Garth gave a satisfied hum “Can you try to drink some water for me?”
“Fine” Bobby said “Im sorry if that was harsh, you would be a complete idjit to not want to keep that boy in the hospital longer, but without insurance, we can technically only keep him until he’s no longer a risk of dropping to the floor dead, which if I do my job right should hopefully be within the next week.
He did want to try, very much so, but he already got sick once, and while he didnt get beat for that time, he didn't think he would be so lucky twice.
Dean nodded a little more eagerly now. They went slow, It took about fifteen minutes to finish the small cup.
Boddy nodded “Your right, he ain’t gonna want anything to do with you, but I looked at your credentials,” he said tapping a manilla folder he had on his desk
Dean’s care team at the hospital as well as Jody decided that having Dean trust Castiel was the top priority.
Castiel made sure that the blanket was securely on him and Dean noticed that the man was trying his best to not directly touch him.
“Ellen’s right, it needs to be before he leaves the hospital, I want him to make his own choice whether to come home with me or not” Cas finally said
“ I know,” Jody said gently “So here’s the deal” She sat up straighter in her chair and let her voice go deeper or as her wife liked to call it Sherrif mode.
“Sir” Dean’s voice came out barley whisper wobbly and raspy  “Sir, I’m confused, I’m sorry, I’m sorry” Dean’s breathing starting to waver and his hands started to wring together he still refused to look at Castiel.
Dean tried to stand up. He had to at least try to fight, he thought of Sammy he would try to fight for Sammy like he always did. But as soon he tried he saw black spots, and the yelling of the unknown clients became fainter and fainter although he thought he heard the words” Triage” and “Omega protocol”
A better question would’ve been what wasn’t wrong with Dean. A leg infection, that almost cost him the limb, mild heatstroke cause also courtesy of the chip. Malnutrition, dehydration, slight withdrawal from whatever drugs they had him on in the compound.Bruised ribs two broken fingers and a case of Chylmadia that if left untreated a few more weeks would have killed him.  The list was long and depressing and Castiel was having a tough time hearing it as he sat in one of the hospital office rooms with Jody.
Castiel made the executive decision that he would have to feed Dean while the omega was staying awake for longer periods of time, he was still very weak. Castiel grabbed the jello off Dean's table and slid the chair closer to Dean's bed. He was caught off guard with what he smelled, Dean had such a lovely scent like pine and rain fall.He had to take a moment to breathe slowly so he didn't end up scenting the air. He had been visiting Dean for a few days now, and while able to determine some of the omegas emotion he was unable to detect any of the omegas naturall scent, it must have been because they started weaning Dean off several medicines that could interfere.
“Hey Bobby, Cas is doing everyone a big favor so why don’t we lose the sass,” She told the other beta
It's been six days  since Dean had been admitted, he was making progress, physically at least, slowly but surely. He walked a little and was able to go to the bathroom, with the assistance of Garth. Dean thought in another life, past him may have been embarrassed, but it took a lot more for him now. Bobby was so happy to see him walk. He allowed Dean to have jello.
“I know” Cas said smiling almost like he was proud of Dean “ Bobby told me you were able to walk for a little, that's excellent, you should be very proud”
“Today we got a tip, of a small sex trafficking circle, we rescued five omegas there were 7 in total, but..” She took her breath. Cas gave her a smile and an unfortunate knowing squeeze of the hand.
He didn't remember much after he blacked out, he remembered riding in a car, an ambulance, The woman from the compound was in there with him, she kept on talking, she was being very kind she was the only person that had talked kindly to Dean in years. He tried, tried so hard to thank her to show her that he was good, but he was spinning and words just couldn't form
Cas ran his fingers through his hair and followed Jody into the kitchen pulling out her chair and setting the tea down on a coaster. When he turned back around with his own cup he noticed that the older woman was starting to tear up and smelled all to the familiar smell of sadness in the air.
The next events all passed by in a blur, he now realized nurses and doctors were coming in. He couldn't smell any of them except for the omegas, no clue if they were alphas or betas. He was very well behaved. When they asked him to breathe in he did, turn over, hold out his arm.He was at a hospital, hospitals were good, he couldn't risk them sending him back cause he couldn't behave.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Well here is the thing, no family equals no insurance so the hospitals going to kick him out as soon as possible  and Clearview is full of pro bono cases, so the next option is a foster situation, I was kinda hoping that’s where you would come in,” Jody said
Castiel took a breath he knew what was in the folder, along with his volunteer work and his foster classes, he knew was the preliminary interview he took, the one where he talked about what made him want to help abused omegas, and judging by Bobby’s somber smile that was what Bobby thought made him qualified,
Castiel visited him everyday now, and sat with him, or sometimes read, if Dean was able to keep his eyes open for longer than thirty minutes. He figured Castiel must have been a beta to be so kind to him.
For either lack or words or just still shock from this situation just gestured to the door and then back to her.
“Well we got to five, it was so awful Castiel, they were so scared when we came in the smell of fear, they didn’t even believe we were police, they were underweight, barely wearing anything.”
Dean all of a sudden felt very hot and the world finally went dark, he didn’t hear the woman’s words, he just thought that maybe in heaven he would see his mom again.
Then he was in a white room, an older guy with a beard mentioned surgery, everyone seemed so nervous,  frantic..Why were they so worried?,
“Hi, Dean I’m Castiel Novack. The doctor said he told you about me. I just wanted to introduce myself.”
Yes Dean thought, it looked so soft and it was a midnight blue color that reminded him of one of his mothers favorite dresses.
“I, I uh I’m sorry miss, please don’t hurt...I can… good I’m good”. He couldn’t form words couldn’t even beg for mercy. He tried to bear his throat but he couldn’t move.
Cas knew he was a stereotypical alpha, he didn’t exude dominance, he rarely growled, he kept his scent and instincts under control, but Castiel knew enough about traumatized omega and  an alpha was an alpha.
“Well shit that a novel idea, keep the terribly sick abused omega in the hospital, you’re just as smart as they say you are” The older man huffed
Dean saw sunlight before he saw the men and women all in the same brown clothing come downstairs, he heard a man yell “clear, just victims”
The next day Dean saw the man by his room’s door, talking to Garth. He had just woken up, he was just always so tired, he still had chills and aches, Dr. Singer said he was going through mild withdrawals and the infection he had wasn't helping.
“ Hey Dean, oh good your awake, Cas is here is it okay if he stays with you for a bit while I go check on a few patients?. Garth asked
“Yeah I’m gonna send you to Garth, He is the nurse specifically assigned to Dean he will tell you what’s what, he knows what he’s talking about no matter how he says it,”  Bobby said” Jody can you show the way”
Garth pressed a few buttons and checked a few things before leaving and  reminded Dean that if he needed him for any reason all he had to do was click the call button.
He wasn’t expecting the loud banging, or the yelling, or how the normal smell of distress and scared omega increased tenfold. He didn’t know what happened but all of a sudden there was a lot of movement and a lot of screaming. Not just from the omegas who were with him but some of the Alphas at the compound he could hear them upstairs.
He must have not been following directions, he would have to be better, show the older man that he was good, he would follow orders, no one needed to drug him, needed to hurt him. He was very good.
“ Is there anything you need Dean? if there is you can tell me and I can get it” Castiel said speaking softly, treading as lightly as he could.
Outside? What did Jody mean? He took a look around the house making sure it was at least semi-presentable and did what any reasonable 30 something-year-old alpha male would when someone informs them they are coming over in the middle of the night...make tea. He had just starting seeping the tea bags when he heard the knock. “Hey, Cas it’s me” he heard the Sheriff say. He opened the door and surveyed the situation before him, Jody still in her uniform a layer of sweat clinging to her forehead, if Castiel hadn’t seen her car he would’ve assumed she ran here. He ushered her in and closed the door behind, starting to get a little bit nervous.
“I-, do you want me to try?” Dean hesitated, bawling the blue blanket in his fists, He learned from his many years with Alastair it was better to ask, best case scenario you found out what was expected worst-case scenario you got hurt which happened anyway.
“Now , we have a difference of opinion, I say we hear what Castiel has to say on accord, that he’s the one Dean’s been spending the most time with” Garth stated
The fourth floor was the omega wing, specifically decided to be as omega friendly as possible. A little on the nose if you asked Castiel, light shades of tan and pink mellow music wafting through the speakers. The poster on the wall spoke and pregnancy and heat control options. Castiel couldn’t help but think how Gabriel would’ve hated this.
“Alright Dean, you are under strict rest orders, so your only job is to go back to sleep is it okay of Castiel comes back tomorrow,” Garth  asked
Garth starting leading Castiel to his room, once again reminding him of the rules. No sudden movements, no sudden sounds.
“Not Sir, Just Cas or Castiel you're even allowed to call me Cassie, and trust me I only give that privilege to a very short list of people” The dark haired man said with a small smile.
“Good job man” Garth said “So listen you know how we talked about how somebody by becoming to visit you today”
“Castiel, great your up,” Jody said maybe a little too quickly and a little too bubbly “Ya know I was going to wait until morning but, I figured your insomniac butt would not let me down, I’m not interrupting anything am I?”
The man was not a doctor or a nurse, he wore a trench coat, and gave Dean things. Books and puzzles.
The older man told him to get some sleep, Dean could definitely do that, he had a blanket and a pillow. If he  wasn't so scared he would get beat, he could have cried.
He brought it to Dean’s lips. The omega tried to hold on to the cup on his own by his shaking was so bad, he couldn't grasp it. Cas quickly gestured for Dean to let go with a smile, he helped Dean take a sip.
“ Yes please to meet yo…” Castiel felt the cool spray of scent neutralizer hit his face before he even could shake the nurse’s hand. He hasn’t used a neutralizer in years, but he is pretty sure he doesn’t need this much. Wiping his face with his shirt sleeve he gave Garth a look that could only say one thing.
“One of the omegas a man, no family was found so as you know he was deemed a fragile omega, and will need rehabilitation”
“So what, your just gonna let it happen when he is already living with Cas” Ellen said crossing her arms and sitting back “ Just all of a sudden let him know the man he is living with is an alpha, the very designation that has been abusing him for seven years”
The next thing he remembers was that he was throwing up, and a tall omega was holding a bucket to him, screaming all around that he was awake, and Dr. Singer needed to “Haul ass here”
When Castiel came in that morning, Dean was still eyeing the jello. Castiel did what he always did, he took off his jacket, a brown trenchcoat, that Dean thought made him look like a detective from a black and white movie, then he talked to Garth in a whisper that Dean could barely pick up on. , and then finally he would turn to  Dean and ask  if it would be alright if he sat down for a little bit. Dean didn't understand why the man did this, he really didn't have a choice but to say yes.
“Sweetheart, I need you to stay with me, you are safe now. I promise you survived you gotta hold on a few minutes I have an ambulance on its way.
“I heard you're still feeling, quite poorly, I noticed you were cold yesterday, I brought you a blanket” Cas said, taking the fluffy blue blanket out of the bag he brought with him. “I know hospital blankets aren't always the softest, would you like this one.?”
“How are you feeling today Dean? Garth said the leg pain made you have some trouble sleeping?” Cas asked, leaning forward in the chair that always stayed next to Dean’s bed.
“I need back up In the south corridor I have an omega in severe distress, possible heatstroke, and possible infection.”
He mentioned that the heat chip Dean had had caused a leg infection, as well as several other complications.
He must have been out a while, because the next time he woke up it was nighttime and the older doctor was looking at his leg and doing what Dean assumed was changing his dressing.
“No way!  he is not ready to be introduced to any scents that don't belong to an omega” Bobby replied.
“I love you,” he whispers, the words like acid on his tongue. He meant them. He meant everything he said. It replays in his mind, slowly, sluggishly, like it’s pushing through cement to emerge in his consciousness.
He didn't even remember picking up the plate. It just. Appeared. He wanted his brain to shut up, wanted to make a noise louder than his head, and there it was, a white polished plate, right between his fingers.
Dean felt cold. There was something icy in his stomach now. He sat ram-rod straight, Jo shifted off of him.
He couldn’t figure out why he felt so, well off. Maybe it was that he’d been damned to hell before, that heaven couldn’t quite accept a tarnished soul. Maybe it was because Sam wasn't here yet, but Dean knew that wasn't it either. Knowing Sammy was alive was a comforting thought he held close late at night when shit hit the fan and sleep was impossible.
“Dean,” Cas breathed, and he knew he’d never said anything like he’d said that name. He knew he said it like a man on a ship far at sea, like he was kneeling in prayer, like he was grasping at something, anything.
She wasn't bitter or angry at Dean, or anyone else for that matter, which shocked him at first. “There’s no point crying over spilled milk,” she said, waving her hand nonchalantly after Dean tried to aologize profusely for her violent murder, “Now- wanna throw axes?” Dean did.
He sighed. “I have a lot to apologize for. But I want you to know that I,” he paused again. “I love you. And I’m sorry it took me so long.”
Everything here was like that- like a broken mirror or a spider web, entangled together and all connected to something else in no discernible pattern.
Dean realized he had not moved this entire time, his hand still hovering numbly over the paring knife. His shoulders were tense, almost up to his ears, he knew that he knew they could see his discomfort, they could see the shock in his eyes, his face, he wasn't hiding it he had to hide it. He moved his arm from the knife quickly and rubbed the back of his neck.
Dean laughed. “No, no I gotta admit I did not.” He took another swig. “I still can't believe this suits them.”
Bobby rolled his eyes again. “And to think I thought you were a functioning alcoholic.” His eyes caught the kitchen table, which was covered in books and song lyrics. “What’s all this?”
“It’s-” Dean tried to shake himself of the thought of a hero’s death as words formed unprepared on his lips- “It’s good to see you both again. I wasn't sure that was ever gonna happen.”
He looked around the table aggressively. Mary seemed to be vanishing into the wall. Jo looked ashamed. Mom was being so quiet it was wrong, everything about this was
He didn't wait for John to answer. His voice was too loud and he knew it. “Commiting suicide and bein’ a queer. And you know what, Dad? I did both and I’m still here, stuck in this fucking place, right here next to you.”
Just some TWs: Homophobia and Suicide are discussed in this chapter. If thats an issue, please take care of yourself.
Dean remembered when she died the first time. It really fucked Sam up, even though he didn't want to admit it.
Chuck spun around in fury. “That fucking ANGEL!” He threw an arm out in front of him, and the entire Impala vanished into thin air.
facing it and I knew it was there and-” His voice caught. “I didn't make the change. I don’t know why.”
and Dean would pretend to resist and half-heartedly protest until he’d pull into the BNB’s little parking lot instead. And Cas would smile, the flaps of his trench coat all messed up and sticking the wrong ways and Sammy would grumble about how Dean never stopped at the BNBs
“You said you loved me!” Dean almost shouted the words. “That's what you said. That was the reason.”
And it really was nice. Heaven was clearly curated almost perfectly. Dean could go between the bunker to a gentle wooden cabin tucked away in the woods, put there just for him. There was a beautiful kitchen with wide windows and a porch that overlooked a creek. The bed was soft and the wooden floors creaked in an impossibly familiar way. It did feel like home, like a home Dean never knew of, never would have exactly imagined, but fit just right. It was good. It really was.
John sucked his teeth. “Nasty fuckers. It wasn't that uh-” he tapped his fork on his plate loudly, clearly trying to capture a memory, the sound a reminder to those around him to not dare interrupt, “Ben. Benny! It wasn't him, right?”
The main crossed the living room and elbowed Dean slightly, his voice dropping to a stage whisper. “Besides, we both know she can’t cook without me.”
“Okay so, yesterday, we had drinks, right?” Bobby nodded. Dean’s brain felt foggy again but he pushed through it. “So after drinks I went on a drive, a long one.” Dean decided to skip over the part where he sobbed on a mountainside  while praying to an uninterested angel. “And on the way home I’m listening to music, right?”
The Impala’s radio started up again. The Night We Met by Lord Huron started drifting out across the bridge.
His throat was thick. He knew he should stop talking before he said something he’d regret. He’d done enough of that tonight.
Dean sat straight up. He didn't know this song. He hadn't put it on any tape, any playlist. He didn't even have speakers set up here yet.
Dean scoffed. “No. Not Benny.” He licked his upper lip anxiously. Dad had never approved of Benny, even before he became a vamp. It was a long running source of tension. Dean was usually careful not to bring him up around his father. “It was these weird clown vampires. Ohio. They were taking kids.”
“Honestly. You’d think you’d want to make friends with the most powerful celestial being in existence, but
Dean was still hanging by the doorway, trying to reach back into yesterday afternoon. “No I- I don’t think so. I-” he frowned. “I didn't even go straight home.”
He pulled baby into a parking space right by the entrance, and gave himself a moment before walking in.
Hhahaha sorry for the hiatus but I'm back and this fic is being extended because there is still so much I wanna do! Anyways enjoy this chapter and please forgive me for vanishing off the face of the earth for 5 months.
He didn't remember adding that one to the mix. A lot of Heaven worked like that- things happened because you wanted them to, not because you set them up to happen. If you fall asleep dreaming of banana bread, you’ll wake up to a loaf on the counter. If you were fixing up a car and needed a wrench you’d forgotten on the other side of the garage, it would suddenly appear right next to your hand.
Dean waved him off. “Can it. I’m going somewhere.” He tried to refocus. “I was driving on the way home, and my music was playing, and then it wasn't my music. You remember that British song- come on Eileen?”
He took a steadying breath. “And everyone knows. Everyone knows how I went out, everyone knows that I don’t fucking fit here. And I was just so sick of nobody addressing it. Of Bobby looking at me like I was some little kid to be pitied. They couldn't even say the
John grinned, stepping over to her, wrapping her in his army jacket-clad arms. “The burning bacon suggests otherwise.”
Dean spoke up again. “Shit. I should’ve written this down. Look, Cas, I’ve known you for more then ten years. You saved me as our form of first introduction. I couldn't let you go out saving me too.”
And the upbeat music seemed to strain, McDerrple’s voice stretched out and waived until Dean smelled sulfur. The entire tape deck was smoldering, smoke pouring out of the cassette player.
Mary slipped out from under his arms fluidly, scraping the bacon off the griddle at lightning speed. She found Dean's eyes again, and smiled. “Ahhh, Dean and I both like it a little crispier, anyways. Ain’t that right, hon?”
“What a fucking concept.” He placed the glass coldy on the table. “All of you are being ridiculous tonight. Walking on fucking eggshells.” He pointed at Ellen. “You
Cas sat in the silence for a moment. He cleared his throat. He leaned forward, reaching his hands out. His fingers found Dean’s, calloused and rough and entangled.
“Your father and Ellen have always been close. It’s the Harvelles. Family friends.” Her smile was saccharine.
The drive to the roadhouse was quiet. Dean didn't put on any music. He was a little afraid of what would play.
See, Cas had tried the causal relationship thing. He’d go to a bar, find that one person to pay attention to, make small talk, find a joke everyone always laughed at, initiate physical contact by bumping a knee or touching fingers in what could be construed as an accident. He’d done it, he’d built up to it, said all the right things, all of it, dozens of times. But he never followed through. Sure, he’d kissed a guy once or twice in a corner of the bar, feeling a strange mix of very human feelings.
Dean pulled back slightly. “No- no Ellen didn't want that.” He tried to interject. “She- she hated you for something, didn't she?” His brain felt foggy again. He was trying to remember what it was that John had done so wrong.
He loved family-run inns. He’d harass Dean for hours about the ethics of staying at a Motel 6 when there was a lovely BNB
It was from there that it started to get confusing. How, he imagined, would any two people make that choice? Was it a conscious decision, did you wake up and look at the person asleep next to you and think, yes. This is who I want to spend the rest of my life with. This is how I want it to be.
.” Chuck stage-whispered at Dean with Jack’s mouth. “It was exhausting, but I think you’ll find I’m running things again.” He glowed again for a moment and turned back into Chuck. “Ugh. All these forms, so
He’d known the truth when he made the deal with the Empty. He’d known the truth years ago, while he watched Dean and Amara spiral closer and closer. He’d known the truth last week, and the week before that, and the week before that, when Dean gave him the silent treatment.
Dean scoffed. “Oh but you can’t fucking say it.” His voice was cold and harsh. The last time he spoke like this, well, he regretted it beyond measure.
Dean bounded up the last stair with extra gusto. Bobby passed him a cold beer as Dean settled down in a chair next to the older hunter. “Well?” Bobby asked.
“Forgot- forgot what?” Dean asked, his brain scrambling to pick up some important detail. Was it a birthday? An anniversary? No, they didn't have those here. His brain felt foggy. He’d been feeling like that more and more, recently. He tried to focus.
But now, after that thirteenth sunset, he was sitting upright in bed, sheets sticking to his sweaty legs, back to the wall. He closed his eyes.
“All of you know it. You’ve been treading around it so fucking catiously, like its a minefield or eggshells or whatever the fuck. Every single one of you knows it. I can see it when you look at me.”
The song felt like Castiel, Dean decided. He debated searching the rest of the house for intruders, grabbing the paring knife from the counter and following every hunter’s instinct that he possessed.
He stood up from his seat. “I’m gonna go say hi to Ellen. You take your time.” He slapped the hunter on the shoulder fondly. “Pick up fencing. I’m tellin’ you, it’s pretty fun.” He moved towards the door.
It looked perfectly fine, skin smooth and bitten nails fully regrown. There was no ugly red blisters, no puffy skin, nothing swollen or the tiniest bit out of place.
. He smiled. This one he knew was on the tape from his own physical work. He passed over the now flattened asphalt cautiously.
He wiped his nose. “I still don't, honestly. This eternal life thing is starting to feel a bit like bullshit. But. I made that choice. And I know Bobby said the case thing was bullshit but. I don't know. For a moment I was real excited. Scared too, but. I just wanted to do something.”
Dean was owed a goddamn apology- he knew that more than he’d known anything. For leaving him with Sammy at age 10 in a motel room armed with a shotgun and two cans of spaghettios for four goddamn weeks, and still getting angry at Dean for having stolen food. For that time John grabbed Dean by the arm and shoved him to a wall for looking at a man funny. For that time when John took him on his first ever hunt and let him get snagged by a banshee to “put the fear of god into him.
“Dean!” The hunter found himself cut off by the booming voice of his father, who had just entered the bar. The doors swung wildly behind him.
“Your only job now,” Bobby told him, “Is to be content. Do all the shit you’ve ever wanted to try.” He elbowed the bowlegged hunter. “I’ve picked up fencing.” Dean scoffed. “Fencing? But that’s so-” He wrinkled his forehead, eyebrows drawing closer together. “Niche?” Bobby interrupted. “I know. That’s the point. You can do anything here, Dean. Whatever makes you happy.”
Bobby smiled. “Sure. But I know this place,” he slapped the chair he was sitting on, “All of it, this new heaven and the entire set up, is because of you boys. That gives me pride. I did what I set out to do. Now I get to rest.”
None of the landscapes here were exactly places on real earth, more like an amalgamation of the general Great American Outdoors. Dean imagined the view he got was most like the Rockies. The porch was perched on the slide of a sloping forest. At the bottom, a small creek carved its way through a sweet valley, and above it all stood the shapes of massive mountains, peaks lined with just the right amount of snow.
Dean crashes his lips, and everything else, into Cas knocking him to the floor. “I, love, you, Angel,” he says between kisses. The desperate kisses start out as a way to solidify that Cas is actually there, but quickly take a much more passionate turn. “Need you,” he kisses the soft lips until he can’t breathe. He quickly pulls back and inhales as much air as he can before attaching himself to Cas again.
Another week later Alexa figures out what they’ve been missing in the case and goes to make the call to the county clerk. When she closes the door Cas turns to Sam in complete seriousness, “Sam, I believe you should marry that girl.”
“Oh. Uh, yeah, I’m fine. You healed me up remember?” he pats him on the shoulder and moves around him. The entire interaction confusing Cas even more.
Dean’s eyebrow raises in apprehension. “What is it?” he asks, walking over with his coffee and donut.
She stills as it sinks in, “But I-, What? You said this was someone hunting angels. I never did that! Where did they get that idea? And when I had to kill, it was in self defense…” She spaces out and Dean jumps to her side.
“That’s not exactly what I was going to say. I meant,” he takes a deep breath, blinks, clears his throat, and licks his lips,
Dean runs his hand over his mouth and keeps his eyes on the road. The rest of the drive goes quickly with little conversation. When they get to the hotel and check in, Dean takes his time getting to the room because he knows Alexa is going to be on him about what they’ve been hiding. Entering the room, Alexa drops her bag on the bed, then sits at the foot, crossed-legged.
Dean sits a moment in silence than gets up and hugs her. She melts into the touch as he smoothes her hair, “my brother’s an idjit,” he suddenly feels like Bobby’s term of endearment is aptly fitting. “He wants to marry you, I don’t know what he’s thinking.”
“You said I was angry. You were right. I’ve been so so angry these past few years.” He took a breath. “And I took it out on you a lot of the time.”
Dean remembered a moment just like this, he was trying to summon the details. There was a gun and yellow eyes and-
He closed his eyes, tried to summon everything he’d felt for the last decade. He remembered sitting in the back of the impala, seeing the nape of Dean’s neck, the way he turned his head away from the road to smile at Cas, his eyes in the rearview mirror. He remembered how he felt when Dean congratulated him with his hand placed on his back, the heat in his face when he shoved Dean up against a wall in a fight. He remembered the warmth in his stomach when Dean ran to him in purgatory.
One of the first things Dean learned was that real God wasn't that different from his own father. Both were distant entities who left their children to search for meaning in his orders. Cas had practically said so when they first met.
Dean grinned as he remembered it, and victoriously, he slipped the paring knife into his hand and dug it into his palm.
“Now I’m ramblin’ and wasting your time. Sorry. Again. Uh.” He paused again, wetting his lips with the tip of his tongue. “I really am. Really fucking sorry. Talk to you later.”
Dean paused. “I mean. Not exactly. It’s just.” He sighed. “I used to dream about escaping the life. You know, lying down the guns and the blades and retiring. Hang up the coat and all that.”
He’d known everytime he watched Dean Winchester die, he’d known every time he and Sam searched for a remedy, and he’d known while he felt an all-consuming fear that this death might take.
He had lived for his brother’s safety, for years. It was always about protecting Sammy. That’s why he stayed a loyal guardian in motel rooms, clutching shotgun shells and praying for gas stations without anti-theft cameras. Shit, he’d sold his soul for his brother.
Come on Eileen was an unusual song to add to the list of “things Dean didn't know he was thinking about”, a registry heaven seemed to be constantly compiling. The upbeat opening bars still brought a small smile to his face as he took a wide turn along the scenic mountainside.
Maybe Bobby was right. Maybe he was making it all up. He had just said, outloud, that he wished the case was real and his to pursue. Maybe all of this really was emerging from his imagination.
The last beams of sunlight were pulled under the horizon. Sunset ws over. The sky was stained dark tones of orange and magenta.
John leaned back in his chair, smile slipping from his face. “Yeah. Missed us so much that you haven't been able to muster up the energy to visit once in two weeks.”
Part of it made sense. There was almost a script to follow in the art of one night stands and casual hook ups. There was an even larger beauty to long-term relationships, to Sam and Eileen’s constant connection, their inside jokes, the way they found each other across a room.
And now he had no choice but to take a pause because his throat was thick with emotion. “I’m so fucking sorry, Cas. I- I wish you hadn't done that. Sacrificed yourself, I mean. You can be a really stupid for a celestial.” He let out a breathy chuckle, eyes stinging just slightly.
He reached out for the eject tape button.  As soon as he touched the dash, a new tape instantly appeared in the slot, already playing.
The first thing he learned was that the song was called No Plan, by a tall Irish dude named Hozier. Dean knew the name vaguely- Kaia had brought him up before.
“Come on,” John said, laughing in that strange baritone again, “Did’ya think you’d never see us again? What? You thought I was hellbound or something?” He laughed again at the very notion.
“Fuck that, I do know why. I didn't want to be around anymore, Cas. It’s not like I exactly wanted to be dead or anything, but. I just. I didn't see a point anymore.”
Dean felt a shift from where John was sitting. He briefly debated slipping the steak knife from the table into his hand. He decided against it- he wasn't gonna stab his father and resisting usually made it worse- and he was bracing for impact and he felt the blood pumping in his veins and-
He loved meadows, Dean remembered that. He always thought the way that each of these unique wildflowers managed to coexist and thrive together was fascinating and endearing. He loved how the bumblebees crashed into the stalks over flowers. He loved watching butterflies flap by slowly.
It was a strange sight, everyone he’d lost gathered around a warmly lit table, happily drunk and laughing. Well.
“It’s tricky getting used to it all. I had a lot of explaining to do, to a lot of people, when I first got here.” He reached for Mary’s hand. “We had a lot of talking to do. A lot of things to say.”
Dean stopped spinning. He was only about eight inches from the side of the cliff now. He paused for a moment. He closed his eyes, took a deep breath.
“And then I was too late. So I couldn't stop. I had to find you.” He chuckled dryly. “It took years. Sam and Eileen got married, you know, while I looked. Charlie did too. Everyone else was moving on and creating lives and I couldn't do that without you, Cas.” He laughed again, his throat sore and voice chaotic. “I didn't want a future without you in it. I couldn't comprehend that.”
Dean’s eyes widened slightly as the lyrics sunk in. He wasn't sure if he was legally allowed to listen to this in Heaven.
“What?” came another voice from the left. Dean swiveled fast. He knew that voice. The graying man walked into the kitchen from the patio, shutting the door with his back foot. “Thought she’d leave me at home?”
She rolled her eyes. “Knee pain. You sound so old!” She started walking towards a table in the back, where Bobby already sat with a pint of something amber.
“Cas. Oh.” Chuck scrunched up his face. “Well, I could lie. But honestly at this point?” He made a pouty face. “I’m so sick of lying. Parents always tell their kids “don’t lie, it’s wrong,” but what they should really warn them about is how
Dean slammed his palm into the sigil, hands and shirt stained red. “CASTIEL!” He screamed it, voice almost giving out from the desperate shriek.
What mystery was there to solve here? The verse was vague enough already. There was nothing for him to fight, no battles to be won, no stalking of nightmarish beings or feats of heroism. There was nothing here he could conquer by beating the shit out of it. There was just Heaven trying to adapt for his brokenness.
Dean stood quietly, fingers tightening around the hidden blade, brain itching for a plan, a thought, anything.
“Your mother’s become quite the cook, eh?” The elder Winchester joked, mistaking Dean’s closed eyes for bliss. “She’s been intent on learning since we got here. Can't rely on microwave dinners forever.”
There was someone standing there. He looked identical to Sam in every way one should. He was even wearing the exact outfit he’d worn when Dean picked him up from Stanford all those years ago. Part of Dean wanted to run and hug him. He’d missed Sam, so fucking much, but that, that
His head felt sluggish. “W-” he scrunched up his forehead. “We?” He was wide awake now, he’d always been a light sleeper, but his brain was still trying to catch up with the world around him because there was
He turned back around, fully facing the setting sun, entire body lit up in the golden-orange light. “Well, I’m fucking calling!” He screamed, the sound tearing through his vocal chords.
But this was- this was strange. This was specific. The last glitch, that could have just been a map loading problem, if that's even how Heaven worked. But this? This was lyrics, on repeat, that played exactly until Dean didn't need them anymore. This felt purposeful.
Chuck smiled. “Yes, Dean. That’s how this works. I snap my fingers and you’ll forget it all. It’s a heavenly re-do.” He smirked. “Well. Heaven-adjacent.”
His head felt clear for the first time in days. Something was racing through his head at a million miles a minute.
Dean looked back up. His father hadn't moved, he was still leaning back in his chair, his feet up on the table. He was relaxed, not threatening.
There were very few faces he knew as well as Sam’s. He’d seen him scared and hungry and tired. He’d seen him happy and resentful and judgmental. He’d seen him wrecked with grief and incredibly euphoric.
John Winchester smiled too, the corners of his eyes folding in a way Dean had never seen before. “Come on,” he laughed, his voice deep and resounding and familiar, “She’s stuck with me forever.”
Maybe this is why relationships never quite made sense to him. Because to him, love was always sacrifice. Love was Sam hurling himself into the cage. Love was shattering an angel tablet. Love was coming back after Dean looked Castiel dead in the eyes and said, coldly, “you're dead to me.”
“Castiel!” He shouted, voice strong and loud and desperate and angry. “Where the FUCK are you?” He spun around wildly, almost tripping over his own feet as they dragged across the rockface. “Huh? You told me-” He wasn't crying silently anymore, this was a loud hiccuping sob now- “You fuckin’ told me you’d always come when I called.”
Jo was leaning into Dean, her arm around his shoulders. He didn't move her. “You’ve been holding out on us, Bobby!” She half-shouted with a grin. “We’ve been up here what? 10 years? And you’d never told that one.”
Bobby was standing on the porch, clearly disgruntled. He was wearing a green army vest over flannel and a fishing cap, exactly the same as he’d been dressed the day before. Dean tried to remember if he’d been dressed like that the entire time he’d been here.
In a few hours when the sun rises, or well, in theory it’s risen, it’s still raining just as hard. Cas stands by the window contemplating going out for coffee and breakfast, they’ll no doubt be hesitant to get it themselves in this weather. He starts type out a text to Dean about where he’ll be, when he hears shifting in the bed. Soon, footsteps pad up behind him and strong arms wrap around his waist, while soft lips press a kiss to the nape of his neck.
“Thanks Kid, but uh, wanna tell me why it seems we’ve time traveled back to when you first started living here? What’s going on?”
Alexa shakes her head, “He’ll be fine Dean.” She watches as he presses his lips into a thin line and nods before she gets serious, “As much as it sucks, Dean, you gotta get him out of your head on this one.” He throws her a skeptical look. “As much as possible anyway. We’re both already too close to this and we haven’t even gotten there yet.”
“No Dean. I know you’re willing to celebrate for Sam, but would rather not have the attention on yourself,” he answers calmly from behind his book.
“You heard of Lily Saunders, right?” she nods, “she was after Cas’s old battalion. But wasn’t the actual threat, believe it or not. It was his old commander, tricked him into using his grace to heal him, therefore weakening himself while Sam and I went after Lily,” he licks his lips and shakes his head, “when we figured out what was really going on I tried calling but he wouldn’t answer, so I went to check on him. We tried fighting but with Cas’s weakened state, he was beat up bad and I was no match, so I planned to banish them, but then I saw Cas,” he looks at his hands, “he wouldn’t have made it. Luckily Sam and Lily came in to finish things,” he ends the story, but is still lost in it.
When Cas and Alexa return Sam proudly holds up the notebook, “can we go over it later though? I’d rather apologize first.”
Dean chances a look to see that she’s still looking out the window, “Oh, Sammy just wanted to keep Cas company. Yeah, and get a jump on anything in the books that might be useful.”
“Yeah, that’s the thing, I think we may need to make him uncomfortable. And besides, you can go all Vulcan mindmeld on him,” he cocks his head with a grin.
Dean groans and scrubs his hand over his face, “what the hell happened? We were gone three days. You guys seemed fine when we left dinner.”
“Lex, just tell me something. Please. Cas said he talked to you about what helps Dean sometimes. Why can you talk to him but not me?”
A second later he hear wings and Cas is standing in front of him holding the slip of paper, “here you are Dean.”
“I thought you left, Cas,” he holds up his hand to stop Cas’s protest. “I thought you left, me,” he breaks eye contact and looks at the floor. He hears Cas shift and still can’t bring himself to see what he’s doing.
“Dean, I believe you’re being paranoid. Alexa and I have no secret plan for your birthday. Now go to sleep.” Dean squints but then turns facing away from Cas.
Sam stares in shock for a moment then looks to his brother who is about to bite through his lip to keep from laughing, “dammit Dean!”
before going to the bed and laying down. Being part of the Winchester’s family has proven to Cas one thing, running doesn’t solve these things, just causes more misunderstandings and wrong assumptions. So instead of leaving he waits for Dean to come out of the bathroom.
“Oh.” They both let the silence settle in the room for a beat before Alexa continues, “does it help? Talking about it I mean. Dean’s not exactly the talk it out kinda guy.”
Down the hall Dean has put their things in their room and is looking for Alexa. He knocks on their door, then when there’s no answer he slowly opens it to find it empty. “Huh,” he turns and keeps looking. He finds her in their training room, sitting on the floor. She looks like a teenage girl sulking in her room, and doesn’t even notice him leaning against the door frame until he knocks on it.
They look up when Dean clears his throat. Sam’s smile at seeing his brother falters when he steps aside and ushers Alexa in, “now here’s what’s going to happen, you,” he points at Sam who gapes at him like a fish, “are going to take the night and do what you know you need to, while Alexa does the same.”
In the room Sam’s almost dressed when he hears Baby pull away. He reaches for his phone and sees the text from Alexa. “Huh, guess I’ll see what Dean’s planning,” he pockets the device and grabs his jacket on his way to his brother’s room.
Dean slaps his ass as he continues walking and Cas enters the kitchen, earning him a glare which he just smiles at. It does get Sam’s attention though, “oh! Hey Cas! When did you guys get back? Where’s Dean?”
“Well there’s only one thing that makes this,” he gestures, “happen. I mean we appreciate you two being able to pull it together for cases but, dude it’s awkward as hell otherwise.”
Alexa gives him a long glare at his lying smile, “There’s nothing to look up Dean, we’re going after a human as far as I know. It’s the reason I was told to leave behind my blade, to ‘not raise suspicions’.” She gives him ample time to respond, and when he doesn’t, she just sadly shakes her head. “We’re talking about this later,” She resumes looking out the window.
Dean wakes up, a loose term, with a pounding headache and a vague memory of Alexa passing him shots. Then things get a bit blurry. And loud. REALLY loud. But it was also fun. There were smiles, and hand holding, and stolen kisses while Sam danced with Alexa. And damn, his brother got up and danced with a girl, willingly. Happily. Everyone was happy. Then they came home, somehow,
Dean nods and stands, “Ok, then.” As he passes, he pats Sam’s shoulder. Sam just rests his head in his hand and stares at the map up on his laptop, instead of watching as his brother leaves the room.
“Shower’s all yours,” he stops when he sees her blankly staring at the tv. “Lex?” He asks from beside the bed.
“Here, I’m trying to make a list and then write what I want. Kinda like word association but, more complex,” he shrugs after passing the notes.
In the room further down the row, Cas watches the heavy drops pelt the window. Beside him, Dean lightly snores into his pillow. When a loud crash causes Dean to jerk from his sleep Cas turns and lightly presses his the palm of his hand to the hunter’s back, “relax, Dean, it’s just a storm,” he feels the muscles release as he calms.
, she thinks to herself as she gradually parts her lashes. The task is a little harder with the added weight of tears.
Sam sighs, “I don’t know. It’s all hearsay, but it sounds like it could either be nothing, or a whole lot of something bad,” he admits.
“I know you won’t. But she’s also the next best angel expert after Cas, and a badass hunter that can handle herself too,” Clearly even being upset doesn’t stop his logic. Mostly.
Dean gets up and gets his brother a beer, “never stops man, you just have to figure out how to deal with it. Helps if you tell her she makes you a babbling fool.”
“Yep. So we good with the questioning?” It’s his turn to nod. “Ok cool, see you in a bit baby,” she continues to walk to the shower.
They’re both quiet for a moment before Dean speaks up again, “and you haven’t brought that up to her.”
Dean watches him fidget and takes another gulp before setting it on the table. He leans back and crosses his arms, “that’s not it. Remember Lily Saunders?
She looks up and her face instantly spreads in a wide smile, “Dean! Hey, how’d it go?” At his lack of words but crimson blush she squeezes him in a tight hug. “I’m so happy! You guys deserved it.”
“Yeah, but there’s this, thing, between us,” Dean decides now is a really good time for a beer. While he reaches for one, Sam and Cas share a look. When Dean turns back to them he’s met with a stern look from Cas and he knows he has to explain. With a sigh he starts, “we both don’t like talking about things,” he knows they’re about to interject something, “that doesn’t mean we shouldn’t,” he placates, “we just don’t like it. We’ve agreed to come to each other if need be, but for us that tipping point is way the fuck up there,” he takes a long pull from the bottle.
“Steaks, baked potatoes, corn on the cob, and salad, with pie for dessert that I’ll make later so it’s fresh from the oven after dinner,” she rattles off proudly.
Sam makes it a whole two nights before he’s done. He corners Dean and Cas in the kitchen while Alexa is out, somewhere.
“Ah, Sammy, wanna back it up a step or two? She’s not here, you don’t need to share our oxygen, man.”
Alexa sighs, “I just don’t get it. I know him so well, but then I don’t know what’s going on in his head.”
“Cas and I were fighting, but it wasn’t because I was mad at him. I was worried. What are you worried about?”
“Huh? Oh yeah, don’t need my phone, wasn’t much to it, just Red Rock, Oklahoma, crazy Hunter going after angels. See? All there is,” He flashes a fast smile and wink in her direction.
Alexa looks down at her flannel lounge pants and Henley, “nah I’m good. It’s gross out anyway. Let me just send a text to Sam.” She slides into shotgun and types.
“Well, I may have already starting buying things. Well one thing. But I started looking at others, like dress designs. And I have a ton of photos saved on my phone of random things I like,” she tries to hide her smile and fails, she leans in and fake whispers, “I’m turning into a big ole girl.”
His arms fall, shirt still on them, “nothing? I um, just thought we’d let him and Cas finally go on their trip.”
, she shrugs to herself. After paying their check, they head to the first name on the list making quick work of scratching it, and the next one, off the list after a short discussion. At the third address, their conversation doesn’t make the hunter a suspect, but instead, he gives them another lead.
“See, focused,” she kisses his chest as she rolls off his lap and to his side. “Now, you think the band shirt is really a good gift. What about something for Baby? Do you know where they’re going on their trip? Maybe we could get them something for that.” She notices Sam looking at her with an odd look. “What?”
The nightmares continue though. Ranging from various monsters, to freak accidents, to just hunts gone wrong like Sam getting trapped in the burning building, they all end one way; her feeling her heart being crushed as she realizes Sam was taken from her. The willingness to talk also leaves her each time she wakes up trembling. At the week mark they’re on their way home from a hunt and is able to play off the sudden jerking away as Baby hitting a bump. She thinks at least. A few more nights and Sam’s temper starts to come out.
“Yes, and I didn’t enjoy those times at all. I’m not enjoying this time either. I want to know what you’re not telling me about tonight, what scared you, and why you’re acting like this now.”
“Ooo! That’s an idea,” she reaches for her phone, but damn Sam and his longer arms, he easily takes it from her, “hey!”
While they eat, Alexa looks up addresses for the list, finding that three of the five are actually listed in the online white pages. At least assuming they’re the same ones.
“Not alone Dean, that’s just stupid.” Sam runs his hand through his hair, “Take Lex.” At Dean’s confusion he continues, “She’s the real A, Dean.”
“Dean had a nightmare as well,” he casually lets on he knows what’s wrong then continues, “about me. So I left him some space to sort out his thoughts before talking about them.”
Hearing the door slam Dean hates himself for making Cas leave. That was the whole problem wasn’t it? The reason he acted like an idiot and provoked the big bad? To keep from losing him and now he made him run out. He can’t help it, he saw it charging Cas and stopped thinking. He splashes more cold water on his face and hangs his head over the sink. He stands there a minute until a thought occurs to him and he stands at attention with wide eyes,
“I sent Cas to the store to get snacks and stuff for the day. We’re not going out in this, so I figured a day in would be, um,” he runs his hand over the back of his neck, “fun.”
Watching them walk down the hall Dean throws his arm around Cas’s shoulders, “so did you guys have fun wedding planning?”
“And yet you think I can lose you? Tonight,” he can’t finish either, despite his anger. “You are quite intelligent, Dean, you can’t possibly believe that. I gave up everything I knew for millennia after knowing you for mere months, because I love you. I didn’t understand it then but now, now I know. You were mine the moment I laid my hand on you in Hell,” Dean’s eyes snap to his in surprise as he continues, “and I was yours.”
“Because I’m not going anywhere. I’m right here. I have you Dean,” he wraps his arms around the hunter. “I love you.” Dean kisses him again, but this one’s allowed. Some how reassuring Dean he was there, he reassured himself that Dean was still there too. He needs this kiss just as much. He needs Dean just as much, and when Dean pulls back to whisper, ‘took too damn long to tell you,’ it’s followed by several more slow and tender kisses.
Dean tries to understand that but then shakes his head, “nope, I’m gonna need more than that. Should I sit too?”
“Wow. Sometimes I think you two are more solid than Sam and I,” her eyes go comically wide when she realizes what she said, “please don’t tell him I said that. I didn’t mean it the way it sounded exactly.”
“Because Cas is with Sam and they’ll look out for each other.” He says it as fact and no one would argue it otherwise.
She doesn’t laugh. “Really Cas, it’s nothing. Just a bad dream. Came to get water,” she finishes her glass, “and now I’m going back to bed. Speaking of which, why aren’t you in yours’?”
Dean raises his hand and gestures to his fidgety brother across from him. “Really? Dude, you’re already spinning out just from reading the email. No way can you handle it in person.”
Noticing the shift she has to admire in some respect how he’s able to control himself. “How are you able to handle this?”
“Oh yeah. You know I don’t easily forget sex promises,” he plucks at Cas’s shirt. “You should take this off.”
In the kitchen Alexa doesn’t even notice anyone else there until she leans against the counter, “oh, hi Cas.”
“Are you jealous? Listen man, I’ll come clean, it’s actually a big conspiracy. Come ‘ere,” he motions for his brother to come a little closer which he does. Wrapping an arm around him he lowers his voice, “they went to the store.” With a slap to the back he goes back to making the bed.
“Cas, how do you get him to talk? I can only get him to tell me when he reaches that point, and he’s right, it’s a long way there.”
“Yeah, and get this,” he scans the screen until he finds what he’s looking for, “Here, ‘they’re saying it’s ‘A’ again. Not sure if you ever heard of them.’ ” He doesn’t see his brother almost choke and widen his eyes as he continues reading. “ ‘Cruelest SOB you ever wanna meet according to the stories. Could be the reason it’s been quiet on the heavenly front lately.’ It continues too,” he finishes almost angrily.
“Since it started a few minutes ago. Seems to be getting worse though,” she yawns into his chest before snuggling a little closer to him, “we should go back to sleep.” Instead of answering he just kisses the top of her head and pulls the sheet back up over her shoulders.
“Lex, he loves you more than anything. I’ve never seen him so happy as he is with you, or more upset than when he’s not. I know something’s holding him back, but I’m not sure he even knows what that is. When we were talking that day, he seemed excited, but at the same time, he wasn’t getting some of it. I thought it was just because it was with me,” he shrugs and sits again.
“Lex, it was just a dream. I’m right here, we’re ok,” he pulls her to him and kisses the crown of her head, letting her broken sobs fall onto his shoulder. “It’s ok. I’m right here. I got you.” After a few minutes she feels utterly cried out. Sam runs his hand through her hair with one more press of his lips to her forehead, “what happened?”
“Obviously you’re not trying hard enough Alexa! Give me something so I can help you! That’s what I’m supposed to do.”
Sam watches before explaining, his voice still tight. “A hunter reached out, said there’s a rumor going around that there’s a rogue angel hunter back at it again,” he stops as his brother holds up his hand.
“This one time, Cas and I did the same thing, drove Sammy nuts until he finally told us to just talk.”
“Not in this,” before he can explain that it’s not going to stop anytime soon, Dean continues. “Besides you have an IOU to fulfill,” his hands slip under the hem of Cas’s shirt and press against his solid abs. Somehow the angel’s skin is always the perfect temperature, and sometimes Dean can get lost in the paths formed by the lean muscles under it. He smiles and presses his forehead against Cas’s shoulder, how did I get so damn lucky? “Then we’ll get coffee and grub.”
With a single nod, the matter is settled. “You’re right. And I promised Cas I’d look out for you. I just can’t help feeling that we should’ve given this to someone else. Why did we take it anyway?”
“This isn’t working for anyone, you need help over this hurdle, Cas and I will help. But you have to do the next step on your own. We have the rest of today to start talking again before we go back to work, so that’s what’s going to happen.”
“I’m hilarious,” he says against Cas’s neck. His body inches closer and stretches before relaxing back to sleep. The corner of Cas’s mouth quirks up as he returns his gaze to the outside storm.
“No, I told him I’m not saying because I don’t want it to influence his decisions. If/when we talk about it and there’s differences, then we’ll discuss it.”
“Sammy, calm down. It’s a rumor, we know it’s not her. And it wasn’t her back then. She never killed an angel out of malice.” Sam shrugs. “No. Don’t go there. That time with her boyfriend doesn’t count. They were gonna kill her too, and you know it.”
Dean walks through the aisles trying to remember everything that was on the list he forgot on the war table when he grabbed his keys. Sighing in defeat he texts Cas.
Her own tone hardens as she composes herself. “You’re right, Dean. We need to handle this ourselves. I’m sorry, I’m ok now. I just wish you hadn’t hid this from me.”
“I’m gonna get some water,” she mumbles as she leaves him alone in their room. With a groan Sam runs his hands over his face and through his hair before falling back onto his pillow.
“I’m trying. But I can’t run through it all in my head by myself. Just please, sit down,” he looks up with a pair of hardcore puppy eyes.
“While you guys got ready, he asked if I wanted to take the few days as well, to plan wedding things. He was hesitant, but I figured it was just because he wasn’t sure I was ready to plan so I brushed it off, again. As you said, dinner went fine, then we came back here and spent the night, uh,” she blushes.
Cas lifts his head but lets it tilt to one side, “I didn’t leave Dean. I started to, but stayed here until I felt your fear about something. Are you alright?”
Still not believing it, “yeah, like how we bicker, and fight, and have tried to kill each other all those times; Stuff of legends,” he scoffs.
“Yep,” her hands glide over his back and down his sides. When her nails gentle scratch at the hem of his pants he lifts his hips to let her slide them off.
Dean stops in his efforts to undress his angel, “really? Is it like a few hours or an all-day kind of thing?”
Sam calls over to his brother when he sees him enter the kitchen, “Got something.” There’s definitely something troublesome in his voice.
“Yes, it is. Because you two are acting like children when this should be the easiest thing you do. “
“I thought what you’re supposed to do is be supportive of me and be patient with whatever I’m trying to get through,” she screams back.
“Oh, right, here, take Baby,” he hands him the keys, “be extra careful though. I don’t trust those other asshats on the road.” Cas knows not to ask questions and instead nods and closes the door behind him.
He rests against the table, “You know how we told you there were a lot of rumors around the whole thing?” He waits ‘til she nods, “Yeah, well, the email Sammy got said they think it’s A.”
“Dean Winchester, this relationship will not work if you think so selfishly that you think I would be ok with that choice.”
Sam on the other hand is finding it less and less amusing, “Dean would you stop? It’s not funny anymore.”
Dean looks at his brother who’s staring at the screen worrying his bottom lip between his teeth. When he lets it go, Dean chances another sip of coffee. That is, until he sees his brother’s teeth trade his lip for his nail. Setting his cup down he speaks up, “Ok, you’re sitting this one out, too.”
Dean is running his hand up and down her back in steady strokes to help calm her breathing. “Hey, hey, Lex, we know it’s not you, calm down, I mean, just, whoever this is, isn’t and never was you.”
Giggling, she stretches her neck to give him more space to kiss, “you have something else on your mind then Winchester?”
, to a pair of eyes watching her from a face etched in deep concern. They sit there a moment just silently imploring the other to speak first.
Sam watches as she gets under the covers and pick up her phone. She starts typing and scrolling when he asks, “what are you planning?”
Dean voices his concern, “so wait, you got everything on the list,” she nods, “washed Baby,” nod, “and just invited Sam for shower sex before ‘marinating’ dinner?” Again she nods and smiles at his disbelief. “What’s for dinner?”
The two don’t notice Dean come up behind her until he clears his throat, “We should get going. Sammy, behave yourself. No keggers, got it?”
“Woah! Calm down, man, all I’m saying is you should think about it now,” he gets up and starts to walk out. “I’m gonna put our stuff away and shower.”
“She won’t talk to me. Can you guys try? As much as I hate it, she’ll tell you two more easily than she will me,” he huffs against the island.
Dean rubs her back, “I gotta admit that I noticed a pink bag in your haul that day, was that the one thing you bought already?”
Dean doesn’t fall back to sleep though, instead he turns his head towards his bedmate, “know what do when rains, Cas?”
It picks up on the second ring, “Hey mom, need your help on something.” He explains what’s going on and she agrees that it sounds like she needs girl time. They hang up when she says she’ll handle it.
Dean’s wall breaks, “I’m so sorry Cas, I acted like an idiot because I’d rather it eat me than you. The thought of losing you, I can’t. It gets worse each time. When it charged at you, I just,” he can’t finish.
“I’m fine, just tired, and I’ll shower in the morning. You want the remote? Think I’ll turn in after I hit the bathroom,” Without another word, or waiting for his answer, she gets up and drops the remote on his bed as she passes. Deciding it’s best to let her process the day on her own, Dean finds something on the tv and stretches out. When Alexa walks back out of the bathroom, she finds him texting with eyes at half mast and a soft smile on his lips. He must be talking to Cas and she lets it slide as she gets back into bed. No further discussion happens as they both fall asleep.
“And he will,” he stops to pull her into his arms. “Lex, I love that you want to give Dean a fun birthday, but trust me, let Cas take this one.”
“Right, well the next morning after breakfast I suggest we start actual planning instead of just the honeymoon. Again his mood shifts. Then after showing him everything, even some that were absolutely terrible just to get a reaction, he still couldn’t give me an answer, so I told him that was the deal; he had to figure out what he wanted before we talk about it again.”
Looking at the time, and getting a little tired of going in circles, they decide to start fresh in the morning. However, Dean decides it’s time for food again and Alexa thinks it’s also a good chance to dig up what they can on their suspect. After ordering, they head back to their room. Alexa reads through some articles as she sips at her milkshake distractedly. Apparently this new hunter just arrived and tried getting everyone else on his bandwagon to take out the angels. He’s convinced they’re trying to manipulate humans into saying yes, and then using them to make war and destroy humanity as a whole. Although Dean and Alexa have to admit there’s a small sliver of truth to that, it’s clear this guy is a bit too fanatical for his own good.
He can’t remember the last time he had a dream like that about someone he was actually with. Enjoying the memory before it fades, he hears the door open and close. There’s rustling of clothing hitting the floor and then the bed dips under the weight of his boyfriend.
“Um ok, but Sam, you don’t think this is overthinking it a bit,” he looks at the list, “and ok first thing on here, you don’t get to have an opinion on."
“Later, Angel,” Dean says, giving him one more quick peck as he comes around to the driver’s side. Sam and Cas stand there quietly until Baby is out of view.
“Come on Cas, I’ll make it up to you,” he winks. “Besides, wouldn’t coming back to a peaceful home be easier than, well, this,” he shrugs.
The hunter slowly wraps his limbs around the angel and nuzzles into his side. Finding his hand on pure instinct without opening his eyes, he places a gentle kiss to its palm, “make love,” he smiles proudly at his romancing. Or perhaps it’s a remnant of his dream slipping through.
Dean think as Sam quietly starts to speak again. “What I’m trying to say is, we could do all this, plan it all out, and then, never see it happen.”
“Dean,” the tone is so soft Dean finds himself looking up. “The fear I felt, was that you afraid I left you?”
That causes him to lift his head, “so you’re saying that the entire time we’d be having sex you’d be thinking about what band shirt to buy Dean?”
She opens and starts to fiddle with things uncomfortably. While doing so, she misses Dean recognizing that her bed has been slept in recently until he voices the question, “Lex, did you,” she looks up at him and sees him questioning the unmade bed, “last night?”
Sam wakes up as a loud crack of thunder echoes through the room. His first instinct is to reach for his gun, but realization dawns on him as he registers the sound of heavy rain hitting the window. He lets out his breath and relaxes back down behind Alexa. When he does she turns towards him, “just a storm,” she mumbles without opening her eyes, and wraps her left arm around his torso.
When he quickly knocks Dean opens the door with a, “forget the ke-,” before he realizes it’s his brother in front of him. “Oh, hey Sammy, what’s up?”
“If it were only that simple, he,” she purses her face, “he didn’t even actually DO anything. But THAT’S basically the problem.”
After a short time all four meet back up in the garage. “You guys have everything?” Sam asks restlessly, while watching Dean and Alexa load up Baby.
“Um, yeah, sure,” he takes a sip from his cup and promptly spits it back out. “Gah! Sorry. I guess I let it get cold. Want a cup too? I can make more.” He stands and walks to the pot to make another.
Dean laughs, “man, you really embraced the whole vacation thing. Complete with the lack of enthusiasm to get back to reality.”
Dean finally relaxes and stands back up again, “I won’t do it again, now, let’s get some grub and figure out what we’re walking into, huh?” She nods and with a few swipes to rid her cheeks of stray tears she stands as well and they head back out. They take their time and scope out the town. Walking into a bar for some lunch, they quickly figure out it's a hunter hang out. Word travels fast about the ‘newbies’ in town and they quickly have a list of accused to check out first.
“What about him? You heard Lex, he’s not coming near it either,” His tone is cold as ice, and there’s no arguing with it. “I can do this.”
She pretends to think about it a minute, “nahhh. I’m trying to figure out what to get your brother for a birthday gift. But I can multitask,” she winks.
He isn’t, well, not in the way of getting her to talk, but she admits that it’s too real talking to one of them. He suspects it’s not as serious as when she needed to go to Jody’s though and makes a call.
After the third night, Alexa can feel the exhaustion of avoiding Sam with every inch of her body. It’s not the actual avoiding that’s tiring, it’s the fighting everything in her that’s saying she should be next to him. She’s almost done with her second cup when he walks in. The hour would normally suggest he just got back from his run, but this is very much a just opened his eyes Sam Winchester.
“Apologies Dean,” he leaves again. Dean takes a few more steps when Cas appears again to say, “she said mint chocolate chip,” then leaves.
“It’s not like we sit there and share deep dark secrets, Sam. With you, I try, but then nothing happens.”
He thinks the last word with disdain and a huff, but then remembers the green eyes, the freckles, the lips, the blindingly bright soul, he sighs again and slams the door,
Cas smiles, “he’s not. But we sort of established long ago that I won’t leave him alone until he tells me something. I never ask for much, but just something. Usually he ends up telling me all of it though.”
When they’re finally open she feels a hand wrap around hers ever so slowly as to not scare her even more. Her gaze goes from the soft, warm, encompassing hand,
“They’re definitely coming home early. Cas texted me asking if everything was ok and if we needed them to stop for anything on their way home. I told him that things were great and just to enjoy their time. Don’t worry about us, the whole thing.”
“I guess,” she shrugs, “but see this,” she tosses the bag back in the closet, “doesn’t matter much to me, it’s for him. Yes, I made sure that it was something I felt comfortable in, but that was for him.”
“So you think Sam isn’t actually unwilling to plan, just that there’s something else going on?” She sits next to him.
“Riiight,” she drawls suspiciously. Then she turns to Dean, “Wanna elaborate on that?” She crosses her arms against her chest and cocks her hip.
But then Dean remembered slanted ceiling beams and particle-crowded light streaming through wooden slat walls and Sammy’s face and blood on his second favorite jacket and something wedged right next to his spine and
There’s a particular brand of tired that comes with fighting eldritch horrors and demonic entities for nearly forty goddamn years. It’s an ache that settles into your lungs and makes you wake up in the middle of the night reaching for a blade, ready to combat what's not there.
His brain felt fuzzy again, all of a sudden, like his thoughts were wrapped in mist. His chest was heaving and he still had things to say but he couldn't remember what.
Mary gasped from the stove, offended. “Can too!” She protested, tossing the spatula down with joyful mock-anger.
He sat there for a moment, tangled in his sheets, tee shirt sticking to his side uncomfortably. “Oh shit, right. Uh, over n’ out, signing off, amen, all that.”
“Maybe next time, I’ll have a fake Cas running around too. You can see him. Hmm? Wouldn't that be nice?”
Dean settled back into his seat, trying to dig through his head again. He took a swig of beer while Ellen told a long story involving a rattlesnake and a wendigo.
The Roadhouse was emptier than he expected. Ellen was behind the bar and gave a friendly wave as he walked in. Dean stretched his face into a smile, like he’d done hundreds of times before. It was dark in here, too.
And so he did what he always did- he dried his tears, got up, walked back over to baby, pushed a cassette player into the deck, and started the long drive home. Come on Eileen started blasting as he pulled out of park.
was so disgustingly obvious in his voice. He closed his eyes again, resting the back of his head against the cool wall. He tried to imagine a shift in the air, the familiar sound of angel’s wings, the flap of a trenchcoat.
Did he do that? Everything was so foggy, he vaguely remembered it. Yes. The doctor touched there, so Dean just  thought...he was just scared .
The smile that Dean gave after was a picture Cas could have lived in his whole life. Castiel figured whatever they fed him at the compound which wasn't much couldn't compare to actual food, no matter if it was just jello.
He smelled fire all of a sudden and heard gun power. He saw some of the other Omegas try to press their ears to the vents, some starting pacing and or curling up on the floor clearly terrified of what was going on.
The hand that came to Dean’s back did not feel like the hands he was used to touching him, but that didn’t make it any less frightening. Dean let out a yelp and then automatically begin to panic, he was never supposed to reject a client.
Before he and Jody even announced themselves a tall scrawny omega in light pink scrubs was already pushing his way through the crowd of hospital staff, slightly tripping over himself in the process
He managed a few sips, before the familiar feeling of exhaustion crept in. He couldn't remember a time in his life when he was ever so sick, when a few sips of water was too much for him. He laid his head back down on the pillow and pulled the blue blanket up to his chin, slightly nuzzling against it. He wanted to sleep but he didn't want to be rude, he wasn't even sure if he was allowed to sleep right now.
Heat, Dean hadn't even realized as terrible as he felt for the first time in years he wasn't in Heat.
Cas looked over at Garth who looked prepared to spring into action if Deans’ vitals seemed to take too drastic of a turn.
The older man stuck something in his arm, of course he thought, drugs,. Whenever Dean wouldn't follow  Alastair willingly he just drugged him.
Castiel was not the kind of person who received calls at three in the morning. So it came as a surprise when he saw Jody Mills the town Sherriff’s contact information pop up.
Castiel didn’t mean to but at the mention of that, he was sure that his anger was already seeping into the air. Heat chips were known as one of the most barbaric instruments, unfortunately, they were often found in sex trafficking circles. The chip kept the omega in a constant state of heat, but unlike natural heats that had waves and ways of soothing. A chip kept an omega in a disorienting fever with no ends of relief and was typically very painful. Long term use, caused many health problems including death.  It was suddenly becoming very clear to Castiel that Jody’s thoughts were probably also being impacted by having two omega daughters at home.
Reported missing at age 20, no known family, no known contacts. Believed to be part of Alastair’s sex trafficking circle for seven years. The details of what Dean had been through the pictures,It was all horrifying.
He stared at the red jello on his bedside table, At Alastair's food was few and far between, just what they needed to keep alive and keep moving, and it was all plain tasting things, stale bread or mushy plain rice. Once in a while a client would bring Dean something, a treat, like a household dog. This used to fill Dean with such anger, But after a while maybe the 3rd year an apple or a piece of chocolate became the highlight of Dean’s month.
