“Let me heal you.” Castiel groans. He doesn’t let the hunter the time to react and pushes his hand out of the way, putting his on the wound instead. The grace is weak, but steady, and it’s just a matter of seconds before the bleeding stops. Dean squeezes his shoulder, silently thanking him while the angel takes a second to catch his breath after using his grace left him panting.
“Is that…” Dean can’t finish his question but moves closer to Castiel in a protective way.
So he’s managed to avoid that room for five whole days, but now he feels like he can’t stay away. He’s been waiting for Sam to go to bed to leave his own room, and now that he’s been gone for almost an hour, hopefully asleep by now, Dean feels like it’s time.
“You definitely deserve some sleep.” Castiel nods before letting go of him, and looking like he’s heading for the door. However, Dean catches his hand and makes him turn around.
All of a sudden, the house becomes eerily quiet, contrasting with the screams and fight sounds from a minute before. Castiel looks around him to see Dean slowly crawling towards his brother, who is on the floor, regaining consciousness, half-groaning, half-whimpering. As Cas approaches them, he realizes that Sam is heavily bleeding. He tries to use his grace, but it’s barely glowing since he’s used so much of it to get rid of the vampires. Dean sends him a worried look.
“I’m better now. Everybody’s fine.” Sam replies with a reassuring smile, patting Jack's shoulder.
Now, they’re in the library, Castiel going through a few books while Dean browses the internet for anything on the Empty. He’s been showing websites with old texts to Cas a few times so they’re sitting side by side, so close that their shoulders are brushing every once in a while.
“No, thank you. I’m pretty tired, and I forgot what it felt like. I think I’ll go shower and head to bed. Goodnight Dean.” Castiel replies with a sad smile.
- “Night Cas.” He replies, face flushed. He closes his eyes, feeling relaxed for the first time in days and falls asleep within minutes. It looks like the angel won’t have to use his grace to keep the nightmares at bay after all.
“Hello Dean.” The angel replies softly, avoiding his eyes, and that’s all Dean needs to hear before he can move again, heading straight into Castiel’s personal space, slowly raising a trembling hand to touch his cheek. He slowly tilts the angel’s chin up and their eyes finally meet.
- “You should get some sleep as well.” Castiel finally says, after sitting with his friend for a solid hour, both quiet and reflecting on their day.
The let go of each other’s hand as soon as they were on the other side of the rift, exchanging shy smiles while watching it slowly close down behind them. They had barely made it.
A little comment or kudo before you go?
“Jack, it’s not your fault. You rescued me from the Empty when I thought I would never get out. You offered me to work with you, rebuild a better Heaven. You did everything right. Of course I miss them, especially Dean. But they’ll arrive eventually.” The angel said with a sad but peaceful smile.
“You bored yet?”
- "Sam didn't tell you?" Dean was surprised. Sam wasn't used to keeping his mouth shut. When something was wrong, he never hesitated to talk about it. Was he so ashamed of working with the British that he couldn't tell Cas? Dean felt some relief at that thought. Maybe his brother realized he had made the wrong decision.
He’s lying still, on his back, but can’t help but turn his head towards Dean’s side of the bed. Castiel can’t really see him in the dark, but guesses the shapes of his body and realizes that Dean is lying on his side, facing him. He sheepishly asks:
Dean opens his mouth to protest, but realizes that they didn’t really have any other options, or the time to look for one. He reluctantly nods. Just before the angel slices his hand to add his blood to the spell, and even though he already knew the answer, he can’t help but ask one last time:
“How are you Dean?” he asks, tilting his head in that special Cas way that the hunter could online describe as adorable.
The Yellow-Eyed Demon, Lucifer, the Leviathans… wasn’t that enough for her?
- "Yes, that mission was way more dangerous than we expected…but Ramiel..." started the angel.
‘Why won’t you just touch it man?” The hunter gets angry as he sees his brother getting weaker.
Dean stops him with a hand on his wrist.
"Should we check up on him?" Dean asks.
“Everything?”
“You say that like you wouldn’t do anything to protect me. Like you wouldn’t die for me. Again. It’s okay when you’re the one doing it, but I can’t?” Dean says, his voice getting louder.
The hunter takes a couple of deep breaths but doesn’t let go. Much to the angel’s surprise though, he starts talking, mumbling against Castiel’s neck who can feel his lips moving against his skin and can’t help but shiver.
The first time it happened, neither of them actually said those words. Castiel was being brainwashed by the other angels, his “family” and he was obviously struggling between what he was ordered to do and what he actually wanted to do. Dean realized that even though the angel had been tortured for weeks, which definitely explained his weird behavior of the past days, he was still fighting for his free will, and most of all, he was still trying to protect Dean.
- “I’ll make sure the nightmares don’t come back.”
“Then you’re an idiot because I love you too. And I’m also dumbass for not saying anything earlier.” Dean finally confesses, his thumbs still stroking Castiel’s face, now wiping the tears of joy that have started to fall from his closed eyes.
loves burgers, he’s immediately rewarded by a proud pat on the shoulder from Dean, and the way the hunter beams at him makes his heart skip a beat.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean’s voice sounded unusually weaker and desperate and made Castiel want to yell, to call the hunter, but feared it would only give out his location to the Leviathans.
As soon as she arrives at the bunker, the atmosphere gets even lighter, full of smiles and laughter as they can finally all just enjoy spending time together. They decide to head out for dinner, because being free and reunited is definitely worth celebrating, and the three hunters agree on letting Castiel choose what he’d like to eat as it’s been a long time since he’s been able to enjoy food. When he declares that he
Dean feels his heart slightly breaking as he tries not to think about how the Mark will affect Cas, and the fact that he might have to stop him. He’d give anything for the angel not to go ahead with the spell, but that would mean giving up on his brother, and that can’t happen either. He nods, defeated as he’s once again faced with an impossible choice and watches the angel finishing the spell.
So this is definitely my best work, but I wanted to finish it today and I'll probably never be satisfied with it anyway, so I figured I might as well just post is as it is.
It's already way past midnight by the time they make it back to the bunker and Jack heads straight for his room after saying goodnight. Like each time his brother gets hurt, Dean becomes even more overprotective and actually walks Sam to his room, closely followed by Cas.
- "Dean… you have to understand…" started Cas, cringing at the hunter's obvious anger.
“You son of a bitch. Damn right we’re gonna cuddle.” He says as he plops down on the bed.
“Long story short, the nest was big, Sam got pretty banged up, Cas managed to fix him, and now I’m starving.” Dean says with his usual cocky grin. Sam and Castiel knew that he was probably still beating himself up over the fact that his brother had gotten hurt and wanted to avoid the subject. Deflecting was just a second nature for him.
It’s short and sweet, and yet, when he pulls back, Dean’s heart his hammering and he feels like his legs would be shaking if Cas wasn’t holding him up so firmly against the door with his whole body. He opens his mouth to talk, but no sound comes out, so Cas starts talking.
“You’re really here.” He says, his fingers softly brushing the angel’s skin.
“What’s wrong with you kid?” Dean asks as soon as they enter the kitchen.
“I just… I always knew you were an angel, hell your entrance the night we met in that barn is hard to forget, but then you became my best friend, you became more human and I guess I started seeing that in you, more than who you actually are.” Dean tries to explain.
He knows he shouldn’t, but he’s so shaken up that he can’t resist heading towards Dean’s bedroom and softly knocks on the door before he can stop himself. He doesn’t have time to regret his decision, or think about the fact that Dean probably decided to spend the night in a separate bed for a reason because the hunter’s gruff voice says right away:
He still wasn't okay, but he was better. Cas was there with him, for him, and right now, it was everything he needed. Everything was going to be just fine.
“So we’re back to being a couple of dumbasses then?” Cas says after a while as he opens his eyes and releases a shaky breath.
“Don’t be. I first died when I was 26 and many times after that, never thought I’d make it to 42. I’ve had many chances, YOU saved me many times, it wasn’t fair of me to ask you again. I don’t think I was even asking, I think I was just pissed to die so quickly and so stupidly after you had sacrificed yourself for me. I thought you were still in the Empty and I didn’t know if you could hear me, but I wanted to try and say goodbye.  I wish I could have enjoyed the post-Chuck life a bit longer, sure, but I get Jack’s point. The world is finally right, so we had to stop with the deals, the changing destiny and the resurrections and mess things up again. And you both did a great job up here.” Dean says with a smile.
They cheered, showing their adoration in whistles and screams. The crowd’s passion was palpable. Once Jody started the riff of their song, everyone jumped up and down to the rhythm of Claire’s steady backbeat, and Donna’s echoing bass. Dean did an air guitar along with the lead guitarist, intermittently pulling Castiel to dance and drape his arms around him while swaying. Even Sam bobbed his head with the drums.
There was a smile on her lips. It was so very
Castiel tilted his head in confusion before finally realizing Gabriel still had a hand in this. As much as Castiel feared this moment, he was thankful for Gabriel’s interference for once. Castiel wouldn’t have come otherwise. Now that he’s with Dean, Castiel realized he’s forgotten
. This also falls under research of the transliteration of
—Dorothea SaDiablo's systematic purge of strong Queens (by breaking them in their Virgin Night, so they couldn't retain their full Jewel strength or outright killing them) that could challenge her rise to power and Black Widows who could prophesize the future. This spurred the need for control of darker Jeweled males by the Ring of Obedience since there were no more darker Jeweled Queens in Terreille. (see Ring of Obedience)
. I do not mourn because that would invalidate my belief in him. Whatever
It was still all kinds of awesome that the Tree gave in to most of Dean's wishes. The Garden molded itself to a beach with high surf and big waves, when Dean asked for it. It was impressive as hell, but Dean usually settled on the botanical gardens. It was called a garden for a reason.
“That’s where you’re wrong. You’ve always given me the courage to continue when I thought I would fail.” Castiel folded Dean’s fingers over the vial, muting the blue light. “I’ve always taken from you. Let me give you something back.”
It isn’t a picture of adoration, it was one of subjugation. Jack brings his wings around himself before looking at Dean. He slides from the arm to the ground gracefully, his wings helping him balance once he lands.
Sam rolled his eyes, but Manny favored Dean with a soft look before turning away. Dean wished he could have some alone time with Manny, but wiped that notion from his mind.
Castiel doesn't look impressed with their caller, but he acknowledges him with a nod, "Gabriel."
which seemed like a better reflection of his current mood than
the English Translation of which is:
Gabriel hesitated before handing back the glowing vial. "You realize that you're never going to taste peanut butter and jelly the same way? Being an angel, all of these emotions that you have inside you right now that's clear and strong, you'll feel it too, but it's going to be muted. Grace wasn't meant to co-exist with a soul."
When Dean looks at Cas, he finds the mage—the prince—has been staring at him. Dean quirks an eyebrow in question, and though the blue-eyed man is still pink from embarrassment, he holds Dean's gaze. Dean is sure there is an answer there somewhere that he isn't willing to parse yet.
"Just because you have the Throne, you're so full of it aren't you?" Metatron jeered against Castiel, his hands on the bars of his prison.
Castiel was older than the dirt made on Earth's shores. He had accumulated more than enough memories to fill the axis mundi for him to be living through them for quite a while. Though he might have liked to do that once he was dead and buried, he had a mission, and all these memories were in the way of the ending.
"Kevin, I told you I had faith. It is enough for me that Dean is trying, and that I believe in the stubbornness of the Winchester mold, that he will succeed."
“They’re not going to wake up if Jack leached their Jewels. Not soon.” Castiel rasps.
He forgot about the tape, just as he covered Baby in a tarp to protect her in Lisa's garage. Covering in it, as well, his shoebox of memories.
They'd talk about the tape while taking care of Dean, and the subsequent month, John would follow up with the next mix based on what they'd discussed. He would record old songs, but he'd bring in something new as well. It was something to look forward to as the month drew to a close. "You know, you should tell Dean which of the songs in the tape you liked best," Mary suggests.
Sam cleared his throat, and Mary’s expression was fond. “I love you both very, very much.”
“Isn’t he a charmer?” Luke tutted, wagging his finger; but on his lips was a secret smile of his when he knew something coming would blindside Castiel. Dread enveloped Castiel as Luke gestured towards the front of the ballroom.
Sometimes, he itched for a whiteboard to tack in all the pieces of their cases together, like he'd seen in the police procedurals that Dean sorely hated, but working it out between newspaper clippings, ancient texts, and books were still the mainstay. He had wanted to buy one, but buying things that weren't strictly necessary seemed like a waste when earning money by the usual hunter methods was difficult. Hunting did not a stable job make.
me too, your fiancé, in Caelum. So you don’t get the right to ask me if it’s real. Because you should know, Dean. You shouldn’t have to ask.”
Lucifer snorted before standing up and walking towards the Cage’s bars eyeing Raphael. Lucifer stopped when he was abreast of Michael, hand snaking around their eldest’s waist. “Dear sweet Raphael, you’ve forgotten, he’s protective of all of us.”
What went through Dean’s meticulous thought process was: two pies? That was awesome! Two pies are better than one pie, even if both of them had blackberries. But Gabriel!  But two pies! To which end he muttered, “I still think angel douches that tried to kill me more than a hundred times don’t deserve pie.”
—meets at the Black Mountain, Ebon Askavi. They contain both tether and radial lines and have a Web for each rank of the Blood Jewels. The darker the Web, the more tether and radial lines, the faster the Wind. Blood could ride Winds or drive a Coach their Jewel rank or lighter.
Do you understand?"
Dean's entire Zepp is 67 minutes... XD the tape could only accommodate 60 min or 90min XD Creative license guys. Robin's made it to 60 tho.
Dean gave a soundless sigh before catching up. The gravel was sharp through the bottoms of his work boots, mental note to have them resoled before they were beyond repair. The last thing he needed was to break into their savings for new ones.
That elicited a laugh from Sam, and they both looked at Cas, but his attention was caught up with whatever the motel's crappy TV was offering. Dean finished recording with a soft click then took the keys to the Impala to put away the tape, but said, "beer run," to Sam in explanation before he hustled off to do just that. He gave one last look at his small family before closing the door to the motel room.
Castiel beams at Dean, who’d already straightened, removing the overcoat and frowning. “I didn’t think the garage could smell anything other than grease.”
"The griffin? Cassie, Cassie, Cassie, why haven't you—"
"Not enough juice for that, kiddo. I have just enough to bind the Tree of Life for one to go through," Gabriel answered mournfully. Murmurs rose after that; the Song was quite deafening in the clamor of everyone to volunteer to pass through the Tree to access Heaven. Gabriel waited for them to quiet down before he slapped Castiel's shoulder painfully. "Cassie here needs to be the one."
Mary told herself it was unbecoming to gape, so she doesn't. She
Redemption felt like a long way off, but this was a start. Castiel wished he'd heard that prayer when Dean had uttered it, because in essence it had been a plea for help, but that time was over now. He could only do what could affect the future. "I need a spell to find my grace."
Sam followed him wearily.
“I’ve never had to cook in my entire life, Dean.” Castiel pointed out as he took a couple of mittens from the cupboard, looked at the entire pot that he just burnt, grimaced at the smell, and threw it away.
Dean huffed out a breath. What could he substitute as a purification for that? He dropped his head on top of the book thinking,
SIOUX FALLS, SOUTH DAKOTA 2009
Caught up in examining the tools in front of her, Mary completely missed John’s look of frank longing. The Winchester patriarch was a gruff man of few words but was eloquent in his silence. Dean hadn’t been looking at Dad all the time in Mary’s Ark, but he was a straightforward man. There was nothing straightforward in how he looked at Mary now, but the brusque way he talked didn’t gel with the soft, fond smile that he was giving.
The Prince kisses
The Winchesters sat together on a booth meant for six, the well-scratched tabletop between them. John leaned close to Mary, one hand clasped with hers on top of the table while they ordered. Sam was gaping at the display. Their parents hadn’t shown this much easy affection in front of the brothers before.
in opere, ó pere et omissióne: mea culpa
Katja stalks over to Dean. She picks the knife she'd been using for the vegetables brandishing it in front of her. Benny, finally free from the bindings due to Dean's spell, jumps on her back. It causes her to lose her grip on the weapon.
seemed like a greeting to me," Ash huffed out, hands propped on his thighs after the short jog. He watched Dean and the Tree's interaction. "Try asking it for a map."
“Birthright Ceremony, huh?” Dean asks his mind whirling. That could be their ticket out of here. With a District Queen’s son, the ceremony should be grand with plenty of guests. It’d be easier to slip away amid all the confusion. “When’s the big day?”
This is my first Destiel fic, my first Supernatural fic and my first m/m (sorta) fic. Comments and criticisms are always welcome. Have pity with the rotten tomatoes. English is not my first language. Castiel and I share that in some ways, which is why I write Castiel better than I do all-American Dean.
"Deep thoughts there, dude. I was worried I was going to have to fish you out," Ash said lightly, looking at Dean sideways as he nodded towards the side. There was a green street sign declaring
When the song ended, he wasn't sure about the addition. This song was about devotion, but also it has words like:
He tweaked a cog until the faint light of a hologram appeared. Spreading his fingers, the projection expanded. Castiel scanned it for shipping schedules. A familiar name, the Novak Istana Shipping Company, had a ship loading at Caelum today: the NISC Twelve.
Benny hummed as he rubbed his beard. “Your brother? Your ma wrote about both of you being crew. I
Once they were strapped into their seats, Dean turned to Manny. “Um, I’m a little afraid of heights. Do you mind if I hold your hand?”
“You sold it under a different brand.” Castiel traced the silver lines. The packaging was black and sterling. NovaTech was in classic white, blue, and red. He turned over the box in his hands. “NovaTech owns all the patents to Nova. How did you do that?”
—a Territory existing in all three Realms. Governed by Warlord Prince Saetan SaDiablo.
The three take turns admiring the night sky through its lens, and Sam immediately takes out the few books the bunker has on stars and constellations.
mean Novak Online Virtual Assistant for a reason.”
“The way you found purpose when Dad saddled me to you as punishment?” Mary challenged.
Ass o'clock in the morning. Perfect for brooding and generally sleeping in if Dean wasn't already forcing the days in his heaven to go slowly so that he could come up with answers for Cas faster.
Kevin had a fire plan, a damage control plan, an evacuation plan, and a dangerous goods plan, copies of which were on the bridge. He showed them their muster station and how to use the steam-escape boats as well as the emergency GRACE powered radios. He demonstrated how to fire the rockets when they needed to in case of an emergency.
Dean can already feel the impending headache. He turns his head towards the griffin. "I was gonna thank you, but was tripping me necessary?"
If Michael had been the type to be easily goaded, there might have been more of a fight, but Michael just gave Lucifer a small push, eyes still on Dean. "Ignore my brother. He finds what makes people uncomfortable and worries it over and over again."
"What she said!" Gabriel shouted, although by now, Castiel was mainly ignoring the archangel for observing this little girl: his grace brought to life.
“Oh, wow, it smells overwhelmingly like bacon in here,” Sam says, rubbing his nose against his knuckle. “It’s like you cooked breakfast for six months and didn’t come up to breathe.”
Dean curses up a storm as he struggles, not knowing if dying by plunging into the abyss is a better fate than being slashed to death by talons before being picked clean.
**When making the Offering to the Darkness, a person can descend a maximum of three ranks from his/her Birthright Jewel
Finally, one of the things that had me rolling over
But Hannah, an expert in precocious, winged children by this time, captures his leg and hauls him back. “My lord! You’re going to catch your death! You are not used to this climate, and you need a cup of warm chocolate and a change out of that damp coat.”
“When do you think you’ll forgive me for loving you, Mary?”
Castiel pauses, tilting his head towards Dean. “Do you want us to announce it?”
in it, which was a happy in-between of their tastes. He finished that in an hour, and while it was faster, it left him unfulfilled.
“Now, many of you are here to celebrate my baby brother Castiel’s 30th birthday,” Michael announced.
, which he played in the empty garage. He leaned on the Impala, just listening to the album, the familiar melodies soothing his jangling nerves. His throat constricted when he heard the opening lyrics of the next song:
“Wasn’t my type, Sam,” Dean protested, although he’d apparently known what Sam was talking about. Castiel continued to pretend to sleep through the conversation, sure that it was going to be awkward if he woke up now.
His time had rapidly devolved into trying to fashion a makeshift shovel, cursing Metatron out loud, and then
He reached over to one of the books scattered on the table, left after a frustrating day of research and opened it to one of the marked pages.
Sam texts helpfully before he throws his phone back towards his sideboard. So it begins.
“I may not know a lot about cooking, but I do know well enough not to drop things inside a meal,” Castiel protested peering over the napkin waiting until Dean examined what it had been.
Spells in Supernatural have invocation, ingredients and a circle (or whatever sigils drawn in chalk). (Summoning spells usually, or location spells Season 1 spells). The circle (with regard to spell use) is needed to keep demons/evil spirits out, but in supernatural it seems to be the base of the spell, the ingredients are mixed on top of a circle/written word and then you invoke it with chants.
After walking through the animal barns, Sam spouted out random facts with Manny about animals. Dean walked behind them, enjoying their company even if they were a pair of nerds.
"I have not been granted the memory of him," the girl answered, her head bowing. "I have not been granted much of memory but the Scribe."
“That’ll be 105.48,” Cole said as he bagged the assortment.
Dean tapped the open books in front of him, all of which look like it had been read through a couple of times over and marked with pages pertaining to Metatron and Aravoth. "Yeah, well, that ritual that we came up with didn't work."
“Cassie doesn’t know you’re here.” Balthazar leaned in conversationally as if they were old friends. As if Dean wasn’t feeling the urge to blacken one of his eyes. “Gabriel didn’t want to give you the opportunity to let him down. It
Stava Istana is actually Bermuda. Bermuda accent does sound American to the British and British to Americans. Bermudans can actually study in the USA without a visa, but need a visa to work unless they’re studying. The islands are made up, just making everything steampunkish and needed an island location.
Amusement danced in Michael's eyes. "Still running errands for your charge, Castiel?"
Gabriel blew his bangs from his face. “The system was distinctive enough that with a few tweaks and dubbing the lens a unique name, it pushed through. Plus, I know Mother will never fight out a lawsuit against us in public. Wouldn’t want to drag the Novak name through the mud.”
For the first time, Dean notices a bench behind the statue, also covered in inches of snow. Jack flaps his wings and sends a bit of Craft to help it along and clear the space. The act reveals chains in the icy cold.
Before Dean could flirt more, Sam elbowed him in the ribs. Dean glared at his brother but caught sight of Manny, who had turned away, arms crossed, frowning.
So Sam was worried that he had invited a virtual stranger to spend the cramped road trip with them, but couldn’t he see that Manny needed their help? That maybe Manny’s situation wasn’t so different from theirs? The opportunity to find out if this was a real connection or just a few stolen glances with an awkward guy trying to get to the other side of the US, was an added bonus.
"Yeah, and I told you to get out of my fucking car," Dean repeated, this time swerving towards the side of the road and hitting his breaks suddenly.
3. Thrones
Castiel was never going to get used to Gabriel's ability to be both the avenging archangel and the cheerful Trickster in one persona. Castiel shook his head. "Do you know where we are going to get an appropriate tree?"
Visiting the victims was always grounding to Castiel. Now that he had human emotions, he could empathize, could feel the sorrow and the ashes of hope.
Kevin and Castiel restocked the Men of Letter's library, fortified it, and then called it home. On weekends, they drove up to Sam's and had picnics. In one of those intervening years, they found out Linda Tran had been kept alive by Crowley and saved her from a warehouse. The reunion was both bittersweet and painful.
"You never learn, do you? How many times do I have to knife you for it to stick?" Metatron whined, his short sword clean despite it having poked a few holes on Dean's damned chest.
or Requiem Æternam which requests for God to grant eternal rest to souls, let perpetual light shine upon them, and let the souls rest in peace. It asks God to bring souls in Purgatory to Heaven.
—an extraordinary child who makes friends across the three Realms. Was Jack's friend before she was forbidden to travel around Terreille for her safety.
I'm not a native English language speaker. I do learn it in class in gradeschool(elementary) and it is used in legal languages in my country but the vernacular in my country is Filipino. That being said, I always viewed Cas as an ESL (English as a second language) speaker.  For me, Cas is an awkward ESL speaker and I always think that ENOCHIAN is his first language and English is like his gazillion and one so that's what makes him socially awkward for Americans. Cas and I have more similarities in turns of phrase than Dean and I, which is why I write Cas-speak better.
Well, at least it seems like Castiel was correct in his assumption that they weren’t going to get smote anytime soon. When he turned to look for the angel, Castiel was engaged in his own conversation with Raphael. The archangel had materialized astride Cas and was atop a silver buckskin horse donning a bright green cloak of her own. Turning back to Gabriel, Dean asked, “So what’s this Mikulmas all about?”
,” Castiel murmurs to the shell of Dean’s ear, Dean rocking on Castiel’s cock. The rhythm starts slow but builds momentum as it devolves into erratic, fast, and rough thrusts. Castiel could do nothing else but lose himself in Dean’s warm heat. Dean’s cock is red, leaking, and bouncing against his stomach with every thrust, leaving trails of wetness on Castiel, marking him. “Desperately. Endlessly. Tirelessly.”
"Well, I can't believe you used zacar before you planned to go hunting, but surprises go all around."
Beside Dean, Gabriel popped in suddenly, riding his own horse without a saddle letting the golden horse do all the steering. “Aww, heya, Sleipnir. Choosing a Winchester to ride you?” The grey horse nickered in greeting its master as the archangel cooed.
“Have I—” Dean cut himself off, shaking his head. He’d always been careful of his relationships. They were rare, and he didn’t deserve them, so he hoarded them and protected them. “Stop using Cas to get what you want.”
Angels, on the other hand, were not made to be corporeal because their Father had created them before God made man. They had been made with light and will, imbued with His voice and strengthened by grace. As such, if they came into this world of man, if they wanted to interact with it without breaking it irrevocably, the angels had to find vessels to hold what they were. Without humans, they would be stuck between the Veil and Heaven, unable to interact safely with humans and unable to use the full range of their abilities.
She closed her eyes as if bracing for the world of hurt before she said, "Is she yours?" Castiel looked around, but there was no one else in the lobby. So that could only mean the woman was addressing him. He frowned in consternation until she opened her eyes, looking straight at him. "The baby, is she yours?"
"Don't wait up!" Gabriel says cheerfully.
"Oh, I knew that from the stillbirths," she assured him, "I want to show you something."
Working on a low hanging pole, his haunches in a squat, he unknowingly gave Castiel a perfect view of his muscular thighs as they tried to burst free of his pants. Surely clothing that tight was not regulation.
The aroma of smoked mozzarella heralded the appetizers’ arrival and made Castiel’s stomach rumble. His eyes widened at the portions, which easily covered the entire table that fit four. The cook loaded it with fresh arugula, tomatoes, and undoubtedly, more than a pound of cured ham. It boggled Castiel. In Stava, no one served the food in such quantities. Not to mention, the price of the dish was equal to the much smaller portions back home.
Dean wanted to break something. His knuckles were white around the phone, the hard material biting his palm. He kicked the tire of the Chevrolet before he crumpled to the floor, burying his head on his knees. A mountain was on his chest, crushing him with his weight. Goddamnit, Cas. Goddamnit.
Castiel closed his eyes against the sight. They were still far enough, across the street, blocked by the steam engine. Dean was lavishing the woman with one of his gentlest smiles, the one Castiel had become accustomed to seeing while they talked on long stretches of road. “I just wanted to see if he was doing okay. If he was happy.”
“Pie is always worth it!” Dean exclaimed. Taking a forkful of the filling, he offered it to Castiel.
He had watched the falls many a time during the in-between moments, but it was the first time he'd actually sat down with company. It felt like a Sunday afternoon at the park. It was as close to picnic Sundays as they were going to get.
*Jhinka attack!* Dean sends out in a general spear thread, hoping that someone is close enough in the compound that could hear his sending.
!” Dean snarls.
“We have that school dance vibe going.” Sam laughs, low and fond, slouching in place. “If the dance only had four people and had a massive telescope viewing.”
Instead he found a semblance of that in Dean. Dean had taken his hand and lead him from the maze of his family’s neglect. Castiel had been cared for in those few moments, probably even loved, if he gave in to wishful thinking. And now, he felt he would never find his way again.
If Castiel were truly honest with himself, in the past millennia or so, he had never really had true happy moments, because he'd merely existed. He had been content with that existence until he realized that his happy memories were made up of Hell, his creation, and talks over a beer with Dean. Maybe Castiel would build better memories once he was through with this mission, enough to fill his axis mundi with stories.
"Wolf's breath," A grin finds its way to Dean while he looks at Cas. He recognizes the adoration buried between the sarcasm and sass. "You're sappy."
He popped in the cassette for
Castiel meandered over to the shop next door, an advert for used books in big, bold letters pinned high in the window. The green sign hanging over the entrance had calligraphy that read:
drinks. Gabriel rescued him by draping an arm over his shoulder. He forcefully planted himself between the girl and Castiel, sending her away in a huff.
This does cut off the end of the prayer that goes: therefore I ask, the Blessed ever-Virgin, all the angels and saints(sometimes they're named), and to you my brothers and sisters, to pray for me, to the Lord, our God. I promise to confess my sins, to do penance and to amend my life.
Dean doesn’t wait for Castiel to help with disrobing. The Prince steps into the waters with a groan of contentment. It prompts Castiel to vanish the feathers immediately while preparing for Dean's clothes and oils that he would use.
Dean almost coughed out his beer through his nose, as it was, he still looked like he was choking on the liquid. "And
“Want me to read to you?” Castiel asks as he calls in a book from the shared library. Michaela isn’t one for old tomes, not like the aristos of Hayll. She’s an Eryien and values fighting more than she does words, but despite the small selection, there is a library. The book Castiel chose is filled with prurient material. As with most books of the class, it is unobtrusive and simply bound in unadorned leather. “I have a pleasant reading voice, I’m told.”
"Mother, I'm not marrying
The fact that a doctor was monitoring her when she wasn't in active labor spoke volumes about the way that the patients were being triaged. The doctors were starting to take notice of the deaths and they were increasing their monitoring to make sure that the baby was fine up to the time that the mother was going to deliver.
By the time that he’s moved on to harvesting, the rumble of the Impala breaks the relative quiet of the surrounding woodland. Predictably, Dean comes shuffling up the pathway instead of the discreet doorway that connects the garden to the bunker’s corridors. He presses a can of cold beer onto Castiel’s forehead while he is crouched over the onions.
“We gotta meet Bobby in Sioux Falls,” Dean said, trying to spot the city. Distractedly, he clarified to Castiel, “He’s the one who set us up with the car. He’s an old friend of mom and dad’s.”
The weight of those eyes boring into him felt like a beginning. It was a possibility if he was only brave enough to take it.
not me."
When Castiel trained to become a pleasure slave, he’d been in his 500th year. A time when he could pick up the scent of moon’s blood and the ability to give off sexual heat. He already had all his adult plumage by then and was developed sexually.  Castiel has probably tried to repress the memory, but Balthazar keeps it to honor the sacrifice.
There was a telling silence, and Dean wanted to curse because he had just spent all of his time trying to think of a way to bring the angels back when the more important thing should have been keeping Castiel alive. It was just that… Castiel had always been meant for Heaven. Dean had never imagined a time when Cas and Heaven weren't linked.
“Jack is going to get a Jewel, Dean.” Emotion chokes the words. Castiel is partly terrified, partly proud, but wholly determined. Castiel would die before Lucian uses or even rings Jack. Even without a Jewel strength, any Blood child is a precious commodity among them. And with his unique ability? “Lucian will never give him to me.”
Castiel let out a laugh that surprised even him. Was this what Dean meant when he complained about Sam's propensity to talk about feelings? He had thought that he'd be on the receiving end of a full-blown lecture on taking care of himself, but this seemed off on a tangent in more ways than one. "Sam, I assure you, I do not have a bloated sense of self-worth. I do not count myself alone in this venture, and I do not belittle your concern over my well-being."
The English Translation of:
Ash didn't protest the manhandling and took the passenger seat when they got to the car. The rumble of the Impala soothed nerves that Dean hadn't even known were frayed. It had been a mistake to hide away in the bunker, and he had seen it too late. The first beats of the drums of Zeppelin's
the tree trunk.
“Yes, Dean. I don’t think anybody could have forgotten your fierce attraction to pie.” Castiel laughed as he pointed towards the mounds of blackberries and apples.
Frequent on the docks as Castiel might be, going on board the boats hadn’t been a necessity. And he hadn’t enjoyed sailing as much as looking through the containers and seeing the ships pass by. “Yes. I’m sorry for the trouble.”
LEBANON, KANSAS 2014
"If you count the fact that Raphael blew your guts to oblivion, you've kinda collected all four archangels," Gabriel realized. He furrowed his brow that Castiel used to associate with Gabriel thinking up of ways to torment angels in the garrison.
say pineapple!” Dean pipes up as he brings out pre-made pizza dough from the pantry, dusting flour over the kitchen counter. “We’re loading this with meat.”
“Mom must be looking at this now,” Sam whispered.
The water that bubbled from the Tree of Life helped the healing process, but the Garden in itself was built at the beginning of time for humans as Paradise: no wounds or harm could befall mortals while in it. Fortunately for Castiel, he had taken good enough care of Jimmy Novak's body that his grace wasn't the "glue that's keeping him together" as Bobby had inferred. Extracting the vestiges of his grace hadn't debilitated him, and the pain due to the procedure was present but bearable.
How had Ash missed that clusterfuck? Seriously. Dean was going to get nightmares for weeks. And they were in Heaven. Nightmares should be banned on principle. Dean took a deep breath to steady his nerves before jerking his head towards the Impala. "Let's roll."
"That still looks like a whole lot of walking, Cas," Dean noted squinting at the Throne, which was always visible at any point in Aravoth.
stories!"
Castiel tilted his head. “I’m not bribing Gabriel with pie.”
"You are his song and his wings," Gabriel informed her gently, stepping back from her so that she could turn in the direction of the dark-haired man. "He has come to welcome you home."
Being forced to fall out of Heaven had forced angels to use their wings as a buffer in the rip between worlds. Not all angels had enough grace within themselves to travel between this reality and Heaven's. In effect, it burned some of them out. But all of the survivors had charred remains of wings, and all of them had exhausted the ability of grace to make pure creation because the cut off from the airways of Heaven had depleted them. No wonder humans thought they had looked like meteor showers. The truth was, they had just been trying to survive.
"No, this was you forgetting that you have
A horse that identified its gender when their weird ass owners don’t really identify gender pronouns at all. Huh. “So where—“ He’d been interrupted by the swift shift of realities after he’d mounted and finished his sentence, “—to?” in what Dean had already identified was the path towards the Cage.
OR from Matthew: Your Kingdom Come
The Cage's lights flared when they moved closer, warning them away from its boundaries. From their higher viewpoint, they could see the lines that covered the Cage, which, to Dean, looked like a larger than life Devil's trap: a standard circle with a pentagon, the corners of which were filled with points of a star.
“Aww, come on, not the point.” Dean rolls his eyes before he leans in and elbows Castiel playfully. “Say it with me: Snuggle pillow. I know you wanna say it.”
(I largely believe kaphtziel's blogspot because a) it's not fandom related, b) it was posted in December 2004, where Supernatural could not have colored it at all and c) they cite reference... if you really want that meta and are fond of research go and peruse it.)
Castiel didn't even want to dwell on his penitence, the deep whisper of his mind that told him that he had never been the hero of this story. What he was, was a former angel and a Judas who had never been brought to trial. It seemed that he could never atone
"I dunno," Dean said uncertainly. "I ain't much of a victim."
That earned a howl of laughter from Dean.
Letting Cas go so that Dean could protect the angel and his brother was difficult, but ultimately something that he did not allow himself to second guess. Their safety was the most important thing. He'd given Cas all the cash he had in his wallet, a change of clothes, and their cellphone number for contact.
Gabriel groaned. “Cassie, that boy you have there is the densest block of wood I’ve ever encountered in more than a millennia.”
an adult, but he had to watch out for his brother. It’s not a choice that Sam should have to make because Dean has already borne it. Sam’s role was to go to college, Dean’s was to support him. There was nothing to
Castiel’s eyes swept the area. From the small station, you could peek into the bridge and the controls, where Captain Lafitte sat on a pilot’s chair and drank his coffee. The whistle of the steam engine intermittently pierced the relative quiet. “Am I allowed on here?”
They camped at Kaw Point and learned about roasting marshmallows. Castiel never knew the sweet could become nutty and buttery, and the additional crisp outside was a bonus. Once they’d stuffed themselves, they slept on the dirt floor. It wasn’t one of their best ideas.
Once Castiel reached the heavenly body, he knew immediately where his road in the axis mundi had led him: Hell. Hell is one of those places that had an unforgettable feel to it.
outward representation of the Blood's power. It acts as a reservoir and a focus for the Blood's power. Not all Blood have enough psychic strength for a Jewel.
to return to the warnings at the
. Check out the rest of the accompanying art! :D
just come off a three-day trip. He would rather sleep, be it in a car seat or a motel bed, than wait in the midst of the city for transportation he might miss if he dropped dead from exhaustion.
"So get this," Sam starts, opening the heavy tome he'd brought, laying it in front of Dean. "I've been thinking over your encounter with the witch, and I went back to the area, to the flowers you smelled? Crushed yarrow."
With a last glance at his visage, Castiel ran a hand through his hair, trying to fix it but knowing it would be hopelessly disheveled anyway. He steeled his breath and walked out of his room to hurry towards the ballroom through the servants’ passages. The Novak Mansion was old but had been well-maintained to retain the original structure. The rest of the islands, on the other hand, had modernized into minimalist buildings attached to the cog-and-wheel steam-powered engines that ran most of what went on inside.
Dean's heart was pounding because maybe Dean did figure it out a little, even if he vehemently denied it. It was just that it was difficult to acknowledge, and he did not know what to do with the information. They were friends, and he knew the boundaries of that, but whatever Gabriel was showing him, it was too large for him, too immense. "I can't, I just can't."
,” Castiel protested as he ducked under Gabriel’s arm, smelling the sweet cocktails on his brother’s breath. “And they were certainly not
“What books do you like?” he asked after a moment.
Dean looked incredulous, but Sam took it for what it was and dragged an eager Jack along. There’s still nervous energy around Dean when Castiel takes a spray bottle and wets the tips of Dean’s hair, not trusting himself to wash it with their equipment.
One of the offensive spells his father taught him is in his Birthright Green pendant. He triggers it by pointing to the nearest Jhinka. The spell hurls an invisible spear of power, skewering the Jhinka in its wake. The instant one Jhinka falls, others take their place. They step over the dead bodies of their comrades and attack the invisible walls brutally.
Amid the heat, Castiel opened the arched French doors of his balcony to let the lazy winds of the summer into his room. It did little for the temperature, but at least he felt a little less closed-in.
What he finds there would forever be etched in Dean’s mind. His father, shielded, protecting Sam, battling against a Warlord Prince unleashing the Red. His dad won’t win against that much power.
With a groan, Dean gives in. Castiel swallows Dean’s soft noises as he licks into the Prince’s mouth and demands more, slotting his thigh against Dean’s. He tastes like spring that is always far off in the wintry mountains. Dean’s hands find purchase in Castiel’s hip bones, and Castiel is certain he’ll come upon fingertip-shaped bruises in the morning.
Dean immediately scratched his chin, confused. “Manny? Why?” He paused for a moment. “You’ve been quiet ever since I asked him to join us.”
"I will grant the Morning Star audience," Charis allowed. Dean didn't think it was a good idea, regardless of what he thought of Charis. Lucifer's lips twitched, seemingly amused at the thought of being
“Those pies have been there for days,” she whispered harshly, although Dean didn’t know why she had to. Her voice was still loud enough for him to hear. “In this heat? You just don’t eat that.”
“You are tolerated here Lightbringer, not welcomed,” Raphael said coldly.
He didn’t know how long it was before Gabriel was in front of him, his brother’s lollipop brandished as a sword in Castiel’s office in the Novak Tower. “Sometimes, brother, you make me so mad!”
Queen Michaela opens her eyrie in the Hayllian fashion to the aristos and other lesser Queens. It makes for the busiest season for both servants and slaves.
Despite being a slave now, and possibly being wrestled away from his son, Castiel is grateful that he has this one shining moment.
“Are you really going to stay mad at me? We have a ways to go before we reach Stanford,“ Sam said softly. “It was just an idea, Dean. You don’t have to follow my suggestion, but you do need to think of future plans. You can’t just wait for a path to be carved for you.”
. Dean shrugged, it was a perfect reflection of his mood since he'd just had his last-night-on-Earth-speech rejected. Seriously, who does that?
Naomi's eyes sharpen as she observes her son. Resigned, she focuses on the Winchesters. "Magic. Something valuable to your people. Some grimoire."
The First Circle went out with both Queen Michaela and Queen Lucian into the forest. They hunt for the traditional wild boar that they’d all eat tonight and for Winsol. It creates the perfect time for the Angelus slaves to prepare their own rituals.
There was something there, in that bundle of life resting in the body of his best friend. Something there that Castiel dared to call familiar.
"Cas, I'm fine, it's just these damn hormones. I didn't think they would be this bad, but," he said, pulling away. "I straight up almost cried over blueberries the other day. There is literally nothing to stop them, they just happen whenever the hell they want to."
"A urine sample, actually."
He's still cold, the only difference is that his hand is right inside of a burning flame.
Dean shifts, he's got to pee, but Cas' hand is grounding on his hip, tightening ever so slightly with every move he makes.
If Sam went, that would mean he'd actually go to the doctor and the doctor would most likely find some crazy shit. And then he'd die. Because that was how unlucky he was.
"Father," he starts, lost as the day when he first fell. Whether it was from heaven, or for Dean Winchester, he isn't entirely sure. But he hasn't prayed to any being, especially not to his father in
One of his knees was hiked up close to his stomach, and his arms were wrapped around the pillow, hugging it loosely.
The doctor's hands were cold, gently probing the growing bruise against Dean's side. It wasn't the most severe injury he's walked away from a hunt with, but it was the worst.
He was almost as worried as Dean was. He wasn't going to say it, but he wanted to sit right on that examination table with him. He's certain they both wouldn't fit, but he doesn't think Dean would mind right now.
"Go back to him."
But he had a feeling Castiel wasn't looking at that. His shirt was loose enough not to show anything. Cas was an angel, he could probably see the baby's soul or shine or whatever.
"This looks like a chameleon."
on Dean's face. There's sweat matting his hair to his forehead, his eyes are clenched shut and he's rocking back and forth as subtly as possible.
When Cas finally pulled away, he was looking up at Dean with an odd type of adoration. It was a little unnerving, being the sole receiver of an angel's gaze usually was, but now it was like he had a sign taped to his forehead.
good for the baby. The bump was small, no bigger than a handful, but it was still evidence that Dean definitely had something in there that wasn't gas or food.
He fucked up. He shouldn't have come on this stupid hunt.
and he'd be damned if Sam thought that wasn't enough.
"Dean, I'm okay its-
*      *      *
Sitting at the table, surrounded by half empty tubs of ice cream and three different bags of chips, looking at his phone like it killed his puppy.
With that, Amara is gone, leaving Castiel still sitting on his rock to compose himself.
"Would you just sit still?" He hissed.
"We haven't had the chance yet." Dean said.
Dean opened his mouth to reply but his eyes turned to the ambulance opening, in which one blue-eyed, suit-less angel stood.
It's been happening on and off for the better part of three weeks now. He was so sure that it had just been a small bug or the flu, but let it be said that nothing was ever easy for Dean Winchester. With his luck he probably had the bubonic plague.
Claire had taken to scouting out every room for possible dangers, going so far as to move all of the knives in the kitchen. She won't even let him microwave his own stuff. She was convinced (by both Alex
Dean stopped talking, his hand (the traitorous bastard) somehow made it to his stomach, but he doesn't really care that they all see it.
Both Sam and the Doctor had said exercising was important. Running away from his problems sounded like a great idea then.
Sam had been holding the doors open, fighting Lucifer like he did when they were together in the cage. Cas made an attempt and managed to distract him long enough for Dean to clasp the handcuff around his wrist. He was hopeful and confident for the briefest of seconds.
Dean's eyes nearly popped out of his head. He was sputtering out an insult, or maybe a question, his tongue couldn't figure it out. But he was mad either way.
Dean sighed. He and Sam haven't said much, but Jody knew Lucifer was still in the wind. Until he found another vessel, they were shit out of luck in catching him.
But one stupid phrase from the kid had him all jumbled up in the head and he let it show how fucked up he really was.
He begs. "Help us help you."
"Oh my god Sammy, I think you just got promoted to favorite uncle."
The thought makes him smile, and Sam is thankfully too busy rinsing out toothpaste to notice. Dean makes quick work of rinsing out his mouth, his knees practically going weak at the thought of being clean. He almost makes it out scott-free, but Sam's already finished getting ready for the day, and he's still there.
They were in the store, trying to stock up on anything they could possibly think of right now. Sam had written down a list of all the healthy food crap that Dean was going to need to start eating and he didn't like half of the shit on there.
"I'll be all right angel, I'll see you on the other side. Me and fruitcake." Dean says, gently patting his belly.
Sam calls out after him, "Doctor says you can't have coffee anymore!" And Dean's day just gets all the more difficult.
And he had literally been afraid of everything then. Barely a moment's rest between bouts of panic and fear.
is one of the things I'd have to figure out in our battle with the supernatural. Are you shitting me? A kid? Oh god-
Dean is just so...
Dean closes his eyes, slowly hanging his head.
The closer he gets, the fire takes shape. As he stands within reaching distance, he knows now that the fire is a bonfire. Contained within the confines of the wood underneath it.
"Dean," Sam says, probably for the four-hundredth time. Dean only turns to look at Sam because he's got his phone out and apparently has a text from their angel saying that he's just landed.
He hadn't even noticed the board had changed. But Dean did recognize that dark crazy head of hair coming down the terminal.
"De, you gotta snap out of it man, whatever you're thinking isn't true, dad's not here to tell you what to do. You make your own choices, remember?"
The expression he's wearing right now is a mask. A curtain that hides what he's truly feeling and Sam is worried.
The phone is already up against his head before he can ignore the message. He'd never blatantly ignore Jody like that, not after all that she's done for them.
Dean was so caught up in baby paraphernalia that he almost didn't hear his phone ringing.
But he can't because he's not.
"He won't be," A voice says, startling Castiel from his rapidly descending thoughts.
Sam has a genuine smile on his face now and he's nodding in agreement before they can say anything else.
It still said the same shit.
He's long since closed his eyes to feign sleep, but he's probably doing a poor job of it because he keeps moving every few minutes. How do both his back and ass hurt? He was just fucking sitting. Sitting shouldn't be this painful.
*      *      *
Sam was talking, getting Lucifer to drag on, always about his life.
Dean took hold of his hand, shaking it once and shrugging his shoulders.
He went through hell and more for this, he deserved to have this just as much as the next person. He did his share.
They didn't need to live in the same house or be conjoined at the hip anymore, but they had done their part for the world. They deserved to go spend the rest of their lives like
Dean managed not to snort out a laugh. He had a feeling that telling the doctor that God's sister knocked him up wasn't a better answer.
Thankfully, this stupid store was in the mall. Maybe if he put up with Sam
Sam looks at him with wide eyes, its then that he realizes he's still in the night shirt. But with the pretzel and the softness from the shirt, Dean could surprisingly care less.
(2:34 pm) : a big cookie with sprinkles
"Do you think that..." He starts, but something is holding him back. Either fear or the trepidation to dream so big. Either way, Sammy is reading him like a book and catches onto what Dean is saying.
Dean turns back to the paramedic, a young man, probably in his late twenties with a pinch in his brow directed at Dean.
Dean sent a sympathetic, and perhaps slightly mocking look at his brother over his shoulder.
"You aren't allowed to cook. We've been over this. You burn things and my nose is all kinds of sensitive to that shit."
Sam was still sitting in the waiting area, pretending like he wasn't eavesdropping. Dean rolled his eyes, but he was happy nonetheless. It was nice to have someone in his corner. Even if he was a pain in the ass.
"We'll talk about it at home. I know who did this, and it isn't exactly something we can talk to the doctor about."
She held her hands together in front of her, slowly opening them and revealing what he already knew was there. A glowing blue shone in her hands and Castiel couldn't deny how happy he was to see it.
"Dean, his name is Dean and I have to get back to him. He's pregnant." Cas says and everyone in the nearby area stops. The nurse looks at him, not exactly thrown, but it wasn't something she had been expecting today. He won't be the first trans man to fall pregnant, but he was certainly the first to show up in the emergency room.
He looked up at Dean with his curious head tilt and suddenly Dean couldn't hold in his carrots anymore.
Dean's mouth opened and closed but nothing came out.
Half of his pillow is wrapped around his front, slithering up his side, and the rest is tucked under his head and against the window. Sam is probably having a hard time seeing out of the side mirror, but Dean just found a position that relieves the pain in his tailbone.
A door closed in the distance, effectively bursting their bubble and righting Dean's stance until he and Castiel separated.
Dean barked out a single laugh and then jumped off of the table.
that Dean saw in the airport, right before he passed out.
He would have to find God.
"It's okay."
that's bothering him. Three months is a long time and Dean doesn't want to wait that long.
It was hard just getting himself to respond to her check-in texts, let alone schedule an in-person meeting. If she even wanted to see him again.
Sitting upright, Dean doesn't hesitate to use all of the pent up air trapped in his lungs to let out one of the loudest and most uncensored screams he's ever made. He doesn't even know if he's really awake.
He hugs back just as fiercely. Carrying Dean's weight as it sags into the footwell. The two don't part for what seems like years, but when they do, Dean makes the first move.
"No. I didn't hit my gut on the way down, just my head."
Sam stops packing for a moment and even though he isn't facing him, Dean knows he's rolling his eyes.
He takes them one step at a time.
The hamster running on its wheel in his mind just tripped and smashed into the metaphorical ground up there.
Dean reaches up to act like he's pulling Castiel in for a tighter embrace, replying quickly, "Dean Bonham."
The examination room suddenly tilted and Dean's vision went black.
Dean and Claire have a talk.
An hour later has them sitting in the waiting room of the nearest doctor. A private practice, small, but this was rural Kansas he wasn't expecting Vegas. Anything bigger than a shoe box worked for him.
"You can't help us or you won't?" Sam asks at his side.
Jody is the first to recover, ever the faithful adapter that she is, Jody can recover next to anything.
He doesn't even bother with the keys and moves toward the door in two quick steps.
He isn't willing to drive himself, or the baby, crazy with worry. Castiel was a big boy, he could take care of himself. Plus, he wasn't taken, he had willingly left the bunker, leaving Dean in the dead of night.
Dean stops for awhile, long enough that Sam thinks he'll make it all the way to Jody's.
Grabbing the box with both hands, he dropped it into the cart without thinking.
it. Blood pours out of him, drenching his lower body faster than he can comprehend.
But those words don't do anything to calm Dean down and Castiel has to lean back to evade Dean's flailing arm.
Clearing his throat, his little sasquatch of a brother leaned forward. Opening his mouth, Sam tried to speak, but nothing came out. When he closed his mouth, Dean heard his teeth click.
He said it was like a case, and on any case, they had to do research.
God. All of this for a hot pocket.
Hunting was bigger than Dean's needs. They were saving people and Dean had grown accustomed to ignoring his needs. Maybe that's why it's so hard to have everyone waiting on him hand and foot. It doesn't feel right.
When she falls into him, she doesn't really think. But her brain tells her arms to move and hug him back.
Logically, he knew his mom was going to find out. He had decided after the accident that he was going to keep the baby. It wasn't like he could just hide his growing belly the next time his mother came to the bunker. She was eventually going to notice.
With armfulls of ice cream, potato chips, and jalapeno poppers (that need to be put in the oven...like stat) Dean was prepared to stuff his face full until he couldn't move.
Dean blinked, suddenly bewildered. He was quick to snatch the package out of the cart, holding it close to his chest.
"You gave me what I needed most..." She had said.
*      *      *
It took almost two days to get home. His side had a large bruise on it, but from Sam's medical (not licensed, obviously) point of view,
"I was fixing up the back seat. Even if it's been two weeks and your stitches have dissolved, you still got to take it easy Dean."
Shaking his head, Dean sits upright. The garage lights aren't as blinding as they were when he first parked. He doesn't know if that means Sammy was in here or if the frustrating anxiousness that he was suffering from disappeared.
Before he could even try to come up with a possible answer, a man in a white lab coat called out his name.
Ambling after his brother, Sam made it to the clinic's waiting room to find Dean already at the front desk, checking in.
"Okay, now we're getting somewhere."
Sam was so worried that he nearly ran to the examination room, shoving Dean down the hallway after Dr. Mercury.
"What the hell does that have to do with the results of that test? Did you find out what was wrong with me or not Doc?"
Dean doesn't reply because he's too busy watching Sam argue with Claire about who is riding in the ambulance with him and who is taking Cas back to Jody's.
He was barely sitting in the waiting room for three minutes before Dr. Mercury was rushing out to greet him and Sam. Initially, Sam had been worried out of his freaking mind, chattering almost non-stop the entire ride over. It was like talking to a five year old. Dean would answer one question and Sam would have three more to ask after that.
And that was confusing, but he didn't care. If he acted softer it's because he wanted to. If he held on to hugs longer than he would have before, it's because he wanted to.
"Wait, so all that folding time that Nathaniel told us, it was a lie?" Castiel asked in mild disbelief, mainly because it had been a plausible story, and because Leilah had been the one to tell it.
The older Novak had gone on drinking and was now dancing with his on-again-off-again partner Kali. All the while, Castiel hid in one corner fending off interested parties. So far, the most perplexing had been a woman who’d asked if Castiel was short for anything.
do my magic and sell this, and you can go get your boy toy.”
He hadn’t expected this betrayal though. It had blown through the foundations of the wall he’d laid and exposed the deepest parts of Dean that had wanted to be seen by this man.
is always better, I always say, and you have enough for a second batch."
The ceiling is covered in witch-fire and burns its perpetual flames. It’s a direct contrast to the biting cold fury in the hallways. But soon, it would blaze through the entire house and overcome the ice.
“Dean, by the same virtue of Gabriel not smiting you, please don’t unleash holy wrath upon Sam,” Castiel reminded him, not letting go of the sleeve and nodding towards an amused Gabriel.
Cas returned his mix.
, but the Novak freight ship was elegant in ways that
I wanted to write an entire arc for chapter 14 but simply didn't have time for it *sigh*
Bobby looked at him critically before clarifying, "With humanity. He was the one who got the Spell's ingredients together, wasn't he?" Dean nodded in response before Bobby continued, "Makes sense that the Spell was all about tainting an angel's love for humans. For the counterspell, you'd probably need the inverse: an angel who hated humankind so much, that hate caused his fall."
Castiel would have preferred to go to a mall and check out television displays there instead of spending money in a motel just so they could watch TV, but Kevin had informed him that those retail stores didn't always have cable, and apparently, some type of connection was needed for Leilah's purposes. Neither he nor Kevin was comfortable with any other angel knowing about the bunker, so the motel had won out.
He was in charge of what was a heavenly equivalent of Santa's good and bad list. Because of that, to enter Aravoth after passing by the now absent guardians Dumiel and Kaspiel, (which Ash also helpfully informed Dean, could also be transliterated to Castiel) all souls wishing to stand before the Throne of Glory had to pass by Metatron.
“I don’t know about you, but I’m dead on my feet. I’m gonna go crash,” Dean said accompanied by a jaw-cracking yawn. He grabbed the key from Sam, intent on getting his bags from the Chevrolet. Sam and Manny trailed tiredly behind him.
Near the cauldron, there is a space that resembles the Men of Letters' spell workstation, complete with various jars filled with ingredients useful for spell casting. On a shelf, he spots an old brown cloak.
The opening strains of
All this bullshit about
Once the entire base for the spell-work was written down on the massive stones, he fashioned a large bowl made of iron. The hunter set the iron bowl on the stonework before lighting candles, all conjured out of nowhere and all working just fine.
“What? No!” Jack’s wings spread in denial, as he tries to intimidate by making himself larger.
The more Castiel walked, the more he was convinced that he chose the right path. Being in a relationship allowed people to manipulate you—his parents and brothers had taught him that. Dean was just another person who would have expectations that he couldn’t hope to reach. Just another opportunity for him to be a disappointment. He’d just gotten out of the inner roads from the salvage yard and onto the busier streets leading to the highway.
he emphasizes the last with barely leashed anguish.
Castiel pondered the words Michael had given him while staring out into the ripening souls clinging to the Tree. The only being that Castiel could think of that had been 'cast the lowest', was Lucifer, and despite their Father's forgiving nature, Castiel couldn't reconcile the Angel of the Bottomless Pit to be the Caretaker of God's Throne as well.
His fingers twitched, catching Dean’s attention.
Once at Bobby's, a woman, whom Castiel presumed to be Bobby's wife, opened the door for him and stared at him in confusion. No one expected strangers visiting in Heaven.
Castiel suddenly saw this fight for what it was: Gabriel’s concern. But it also showed the inability of the entire family to realize that Castiel wasn’t nine-years-old and getting hoodwinked by some classmate to trade in his state-of-the-art watch for a regular glow-in-the-dark one that didn’t even truly glow. “Are you going to judge me for something you did yourself? Do you not want me there?”
“You’re giving pie to Gabriel?” Dean sat up straighter and looked at Cas in disbelief. The angel just nodded in affirmation. Dean did not just toil hours in baking pies and roasting geese just to give it to the douchebag. “Pie. To Gabriel?”
She snaps her fingers when she thinks of a suitable punishment for the slave. “And tell Castiel only the coven is allowed to preen his feathers.”
"So Michael said the Tree of Life, not the Tree of Knowledge?" Ash asked.
"I can't believe you didn't tell me you were a giant bird-cat thing," Dean mutters, head flopping back down on the forest floor.
Dean’s life in America was no different from the life he’d had in Stava. When he wasn’t working, he came home he cooked and cleaned (in other words he took care of Sam) until Dean went to sleep. When he woke up the next day, he did the same thing all over again. He drifted through the monotonous days.
this deal.
Castiel lips curled upward in a small smile. "He is not real."
Sam, who had been standing to the side of the counter and browsing tourist leaflets, grabbed the keys.
Yeah, no. Not even if the world wanted to end again. "I have some news for you."
As with most offices in Heaven, Nathaniel had decked his sparsely with Heaven's propensity for blinding white light, glass doors, and barely-there furniture. Kevin was taking the waiting well, but the mention of Nathaniel's name had Castiel's jaw clenching so hard that Kevin took notice.
While Cas and John's first meeting was guarded, Cas and Sam take to each other well. One moment they are talking about grimoires and the next moment, Sam is interrogating Cas about his knowledge on the Men of Letters' magic.
“You’re being overdramatic,” Castiel dismissed.
Jack grins and leans towards Dean. “The oak is a symbol of the Light, and we burn it to say goodbye for the past year, Prince.”
Castiel must swallow his pride and return home. It was inevitable. What had he truly wanted to accomplish? Gain a few months of peace from Michael? Prove that he can do something without the shadow of his family’s empire? Escape from an unwanted marriage? How ironic that was the one thing he managed to do.
The griffin lets out a small huff before it flaps its wings a few more times, finally able to clear some of the smoke. It produces a soft trill while Dean is still suffering on the floor. Impatient, the creature crouches, moving silently against the underbrush until it strikes its head behind a shrub. Once it straightens, it has a boy dangling by his upper shirt, hooked through its beak.
"Be reasonable," Lucifer snapped, standing up from the couch. "My grace cannot
- known angels under this hierarchy: Castiel, Ion, Rachel, Samandiriel
“I understand that the news came as a shock, Dean,” Mary whispered as she squeezed his hand. “It’s not right.”
“Ahh, the slave knows me very well,” Lady Lucian compliments, a vicious glint in her eyes. Her hands travel to the Angelus’ face and cup it while he continues on with the laces. She rubs her thumb possessively on the apple of his cheek. “Do you know Prince Winchester that it took me several decades to get Castiel to be this docile?”
Dean sullenly went to the tape deck and stopped the recording just as the song was ending. He could still feel the bruises where Cas'd thrown him against the chain-link fence, and the split lip was aching like a bitch, all the more seeking attention now that the person responsible for it was standing in front of him.
"Well fat lot of good that did me," Dean muttered, eyeing her warily. "I'm in the third heaven, four circles away from Aravoth."
Mary’s face crumpled, and she pulled away from him to take a seat on the bed’s edge. She waved towards the chair at the vanity.
Castiel cleared his throat to censor that thought and said instead, “The British call my accent American. I’m from Stava Istana?”
He heaved a sigh of relief as he covered it with his hands. He ran his hand along the case before he popped the cassette out, rediscovering the project he'd left behind by touch before he played it. He spooled the tape forward and backward because it'd been a while since he took it out, straightening the ribbon by carefully winding the hubs. He proceeded to listen to what he'd made previously, dragging a chair into the garage and using his newly bought cassette player.
"You're incorrigible."
Life was the same until the Righteous Man decided to get reincarnated… and that was when shit hit the fan.
Castiel tilted his head to the side, because yes, he had a phone, but that did not seem to be relevant to both of them being at the bunker and eyeing him like he'd forgotten something extremely important. "I am well aware of my possessions, meager as they are, Kevin."
"And the world is flat, brother," Benny chimes in.
Jared and Misha also talk about this particular brand in twitter, with Jared tweeting
Driving around little pockets of Heaven wasn't like driving around Earth. While Earth was defined by rules that were mapped out, like gravity and time,
and Misha replying with
too." There were loud whispers. Angels hadn't heard or needed a standard bearer in a while, but their wars rarely needed entire armies, nor did they need standard bearers because they had the Song. Despite Castiel holding that position, he had had very little interaction with Gabriel during their wars. He had reported to Anna and she, in turn, had been under Gabriel.
With one last look at this moment of respite, aching to unfurl wings he did not have anymore, Castiel closed his eyes and nodded his assent. The former angel did not want to experience moving across space with eyes wide open as a human. He missed flight, and Castiel had learned that the ache of being empty was less felt when he was not reminded.
Castiel stills, cutting his eyes to Lucian, and Michaela takes note of it. He’s been her slave for centuries and knows most of his tells.
"Did he just snap to access grace?" Castiel asked incredulously as he stared at the screen. It was a rather unique knack that Gabriel had for grace and creation. Although other archangels probably could do it the way Gabriel did, archangels were creatures of habit. Michael managed it with less pomp and Raphael accomplished it with fire; Castiel had little knowledge of how Lucifer curbed creation. "How did he ever survive in something as pervasive as television?"
They drove on for two hours to be sure they were clear of the state line and outside Ohio. Dean pulled the Chevrolet to the side of the road beside a vacant field in the middle of nowhere. The dusty turn, past the last bus stop on the interstate, led into a remote backward clearing that was just a little too creepy if you asked Castiel. Who would choose to alight from the bus on an empty highway?
The store was crammed full of shelves, floor to ceiling and from wall to wall with a break at the center aisle. Castiel wandered around but ended up in the science section. He picked up the first book that caught his eye, leather-bound with the edges gilded. There were areas where the metallic sheen had dulled into a faint gray, but the front cover still had an impressive debossing of the night sky.
If he had retained his wings or even his grace, Castiel would not have needed something as physical as a gravestone to remember Dean. But here he was now, mortal and barred from Heaven so he would take what he could get.
“Why are you so damned eager for me to go to this thing, anyway?” Dean asked earlier. He was exasperated when he was trying on Sam’s clothes (they were two sizes too big, the gigantor) to see which would make him seem less like a boy playing with his dad’s clothing.
On Earth in the likeness of Heaven
live without his wings. They were the only form of freedom he had left. So he took the safframate, a sexual stimulant causing the desire to have sex to obliterate everything else. Balthazar usually blacked out during the sessions. But nothing could erase the drug-fueled want, need, and desperation.
now, and suddenly, I feel like I've taken you for granted."
Sam was fiddling with a mechanical arm that had been with the spare tire, fitting it to his size. When he was satisfied, he used the contraption to augment his strength and lift the car, freeing the wheel. Once done, the mechanism detached from Sam’s shoulder and converted as a jack that propped the vehicle.
for the Enochian.
and you are going to
“Oh?” Castiel smiles, slapping Jack’s back forcefully. “You likely ate too much pizza, Jack.”
—a general term for the Blood; also refers to any female/male who doesn’t wear Jewels but can use Craft.
“I’m not going back,” Castiel protested, holding the seats as the car turned a corner.
Novaks, Michael said, did nothing by halves.
Is that what my brother has been telling everyone? No wonder the Angelus accepted the imprisonment of a powerful Black Widow. We Black Widow sisters are witches who heal the mind, but they fear us because of the tangled web we weave. They fear the web of dreams and visions and kill the messenger for it.
"Okay, there's your map." Ash stepped back and tried to take in all the lines as a whole. The other spheres dimmed as one of them across the tree trunk intensified, and the lines from Dean's part of the Tree that connected it to the other side radiated an intense, burning light. "And I guess you're standing on what corresponds to the third heaven."
Castiel stood rigidly, took in Balthazar’s appearance, turned to Hannah before he quietly left the room.
At Becky’s blank look, Castiel explained, “You might be more familiar with Bermuda?”
. Castiel, Sam, and Dean's individual pizzas are based on toppings from Misha Collin's interview with
in the room?”
In another attempt, Castiel lounges on Dean’s bed, his wings artfully framing his well-toned body. His psychic scent steeps into the sheets. Dean graciously led him out, yet Castiel is sure Dean could not have had peaceful rest with the heady spice of Castiel’s preening oils and psychic scent so thickly pervading the sheets.
"Aww, when am I getting a collar?"
Castiel gave a full body shudder. "I lost the ability to dreamwalk when I lost my grace. I can't be in one of yours."
"Shame on you; you're in the company of a lady," Metatron admonished, a smile plastered on his face, his hand holding Charis's. "Charis has been wonderful company. Heaven without angels is—rather empty."
Ysa closed her eyes and leaned on her headboard. "I was running from something. I can't really remember, it's been so long and this place is one big—" she waved her hand, unable to find the right words, so Ysa just shrugged and gave a small smile. "I got strapped down and taken, and the next thing I knew, I was here. I was a teenager."
- known angels under this hierarchy: Zachariah, The archangels excepting Lucifer, Castiel after his second death
It dawned on Castiel that she was not a construct to find his grace, she
Later that night, when John had left for the inn he was lodged at (as if he hadn’t upended Dean’s world), Dean borrowed Sam’s phone. Sam seemed like he wanted to protest, but he saw the expression on Dean’s eyes. He must have decided that it wouldn’t be worth the argument because he’d given it to Dean.
“Together.”
They both need to be formally dressed. Winsol Eve would require Dean to wine and dine all evening. Tomorrow on the bristles of the boar they hunted, the Circles would pledge loyalty to Michaela.
Dean frowns while using the scope, twisting the knobs here and there, focusing on some faraway star. “I thought this’d be brighter.”
“Your mother changed me. I got off my ass, learned all I could at the Campbell’s engine factory. Read trade publications and news.” John had been obsessed, his mom had recounted that much. “When I picked up enough, I separated from the Campbells, experimented with their incendiary aquacasite, and realized I could do better.”
Lady Lucian hums then leans forward to tap Dean’s Birthright Green Jewel. “Surely a dark-Jeweled Warlord Prince like you would have found a court suitable enough. Especially in Hayll.”
"Holly." She smiled in remembrance, and although there was pain there, there was also an amazing capacity for strength. "I wasn't able to hold her in my arms. I—"
After that, it had taken just a few minutes to imagine and then build up a small, demolish-able part of Heaven. Dean put together a sort of Stonehenge in the middle of a beaten path, just off the main road to stir up the ingredients. Once he finished making his sandbox, Dean left the Impala out on the interstate, which was doubling as Dean's axis mundi, and entered the cleared out space. The space was built with stone, sand, open air, and a small, stone workbench. He set down some of the things he whipped up and began to work on his little magic formula.
Dean hastily handed the items he bought to Castiel, who turned over the messenger bag, to examine the bright bee clasp. “So you don’t have to lug your heavy suitcase around. You could just keep all the important things in there.”
When he found Dean, he had been sidetracked. Dean, whose soul shone like the sun and showed Castiel what it was to be free.
From there, the conversation devolved to more things that Castiel couldn't follow, and it stilled something in Castiel. It reminded him of the day before they had summoned Raphael, and in that, it was a comfort.
May he rest in peace. Amen.
CICERO, INDIANA 2010
two going?” Manny asked as he slowly moved towards Dean while carrying his suitcase.
Castiel looked at the woman who’d taken him unawares. A redhead, hair scraped into a high ponytail, wearing the same protective gear as her crewmates minus the hat and goggles, smirked at him. The uneven tilt of her lips said she knew precisely what Castiel has been up to. Castiel had met most of the crew members at lunch, and she had been at the officer’s table. Chief engineer, if he remembered right.
, but they still needed to learn about its inner workings so that they could ferry the souls from the repository to Earth.
felt like the theme song of his life. And because you can't have
He stood up, walking rigidly to the door. "Thank you—uh—" he realized belatedly that he'd never gotten down to asking this man's name.
." Dean shrugged out of one of his many flannel shirts and tried to wipe the blood off the angel's face. "What kind of fucked nightmare is this?"
When she was on her own four wheels, Rufus ushered them forward, and Dean immediately touched her with reverence.
All at once, the stillness in the air is interrupted by hundreds of vicious Jhinka appearing out of nowhere. Their battlecries are rendered in screeches and hisses as they attack. Dean pulls up a shield as close as he can while including Jack as the wild swarm surrounds them.
Castiel chuckled and pecked a kiss onto Dean’s cheek. “Why do you always look to the heavens?” Castiel asked softly.
Blade in hand, Castiel slashed through the last demon within their reach then alighted on one of the few trees that had no soul nailed onto it. A river of blood fed its roots and off to the side, Castiel could see the river churning and boiling. Castiel sounded out a call through the Song, listening to the survivors.
Sometimes death memories were difficult to mesh with moving on and coping. So souls forgot, just so they could have their temporary sanity. So that they could be happy.
became too young. I can't work properly as a child."
"You've heard of me?" Ash asked startled, pulling off the mask, his lips in a wide grin.
Dean tucked the cassette in his dad’s shoebox before Dad drove off. Bobby had a disgruntled air of half an argument when his eyes settled on the Winchesters. But the tightness evened out into the gruff sour look they often associated with him.
"I was planning on searching for my grace," Castiel said immediately. It had seemed impossible earlier, but talking to Bobby had given him a bit of hope. "I could be of more help to Dean if I retrieved it. I am in Heaven already, it seems like the logical next step."
Only after he interrogated Sam and went through the Impala for another round did Dean remember the fate of the mixtape. The next time they had quiet time in between cases Dean re-recorded everything, from
Dad’s eyes alight on Dean and greet him good morning like two strangers meeting for the first time. “You got a light?” His dad shows a pipe which he taps onto the table. Dean has never seen John smoke in his life, but it’s useful code.
There are a couple of shouts, mostly from other slaves. Balthazar’s inquiring thread passes through and is concerned, but no response about Jack. The guards didn’t even bother with a slave’s call.
printed in the script above it.
"Sorry, man, didn't want to intrude on your memory, but you've been pinging and blasting on my angel radio the entire day," the masked figure explained when Castiel approached.
Dean could only imagine how painful it must have been to be forced into an arranged marriage, despite John and Mary learning to tolerate each other later on. Dean didn’t want to be part of another.
Castiel very much doubts that but lets the comment pass. “You shouldn’t be eating this before dinner, princeling,” Castiel admonishes Jack instead, laying his eyes on Dean, who has a helpless look on his face. A common occurrence when dealing with Jack and Lucien.
Castiel fidgets uncomfortably and rearranges himself under the scrutiny. Dean squeezes his shoulder firmly.
There were more than a dozen workers on the deck. Cadets and engineers scrambled with pneumatic tubes while they built the Winchester engines. The clanging of metal against metal drowned out Dean’s thoughts as the daily grind of building another steam engine for Gehenna continued. Standing high on the bridge wing allowed him to keep an eye on the construction.
Cas tracks them down because of the red hood. He looks at both Benny and Dean covered in soot and snaps out, "LOHOLO," which instantly cleans them. They still look like they just got out of their mother's apron strings, but at least they are cleaner.
"I'm not sure
The night air was heavy with humidity. Steam engines that were steadily chugging to supply energy for the cities did not help. Their constant thrumming noise in the background and the thick white steam that hung around their islands acted as a mark of civilization.
Dean’s smile dimmed, but he made shooing motions as he sat up. “It’s food poisoning, man. It’s gonna pass soon, and I’m feeling better already. Take care of yourself, we can’t have you getting sick. How d’you know how to do this?”
“Oh, sweetheart, we could be selfish together,” Dean confessed against his ear, dropping a chaste kiss on its shell. His hand had found its way down Castiel’s back, smoothing small circles, leaving heat wherever it touched. Castiel allowed Dean’s kisses and touches to seduce him. He swayed towards Dean as he eased Castiel into each caress.
(See the end of the chapter for
And I think it's just perfect for this fic right? Give shoutitdown a holler. :D
The chapter titles are taken from the mysteries of the rosary. In LJ, the music are all songs with stars or heavenly bodies. If you want to listen to
Dean startles at the voice, whirling around. He winces in pain when he jolts. His left shoulder, he realizes, is wrapped and immobilized by a makeshift sling. It is the man he saw in the meadow, sans the cloak, with a bowl of liquid.
? The tree that
"I ended you, Dean Winchester," Metatron pronounced, proud and vile and self-satisfied. "I can end you
Bobby stopped working to give him a questioning look. Dean touched the feather on the fletching, his eyebrows furrowed. "This ain't ever been here before."
Dean’s grip slackened. There was the beginning of hope in his eyes. It’s something that Castiel dared not wish for.
"You're awake."
Dean forgot about the tape, because of the apocalypse. Lucifer fell back into the cage, taking Sam along with him. Castiel left for Heaven, and Dean stopped recording songs.
Kevin looked at him for a moment, apparently unsure on how to react to a decidedly chipper Castiel. To give Kevin credit, Castiel was somewhat uncertain on how to respond to the way he had woken up, either.
Dean strokes Castiel’s shoulder to the base of his wing, and Castiel jerks in surprise. Other than Lucian and Michaela, no one has dared touch Castiel’s wings for fear of Michaela’s wrath. Dean either has no sense or doesn’t know about the mandate. The Prince trails his fingers along the marginal coverts soothingly, and Castiel relaxes.
"How is that coming along?" Dean asked with a bit of impatience. "We still know diddly-squat about the Caretaker, and Michael says that's the only way the Gates are opening up. Especially since Michael is doing an entire rendition of
Castiel brushes two fingers on Dean’s forehead. Thankfully, the hunter is virus-free. When he pulls his hand, Sam crowds against them to put his own plates on the sink. Castiel takes one careful step back, saying, “Don’t forget to wear a mask.” He searches his pocket and offers one of his homemade ones.
While he had seen a couple of birds—their cries sharp amidst the crackling song of the bow against the water—Castiel had yet to get a glimpse of any mammal. Except for Dean, of course.
He could almost hear another eye roll from Ash. "We'll go talk to the Elders. You did manage to remember
“Aww, man, you’re no trouble!” Dean assured him, giving a heavy thump on his back before he opened the doors to the Chevrolet. “I’m good to go. Besides, driving ‘til early morning will beat driving during the day with all the traffic.”
- contains the Throne if Glory, underneath the Throne is the Repository of Souls.
Castiel thought Gabriel might not have noticed that. He should have known better. It wasn't in Gabriel's interest to be circumspect. "I might have closed the Gates of Heaven by mistake."
Dean choked on the dust they’d kicked up during the walk. Not far away? Sam just doesn’t get it. It’s not the geography that’s the problem. He couldn’t do it. Losing Cas a second time? Walking away the first time had already been unbearable, like trying to move against the tide. And Sam wanted him to do that again?
Gabriel blinked upon hearing Metatron's priorities. "I always knew that guy was a nerd. Candy and porn I understand, but a
then per chapter going down the line the songs can be found in this
“I’ll talk to the Hunter’s Guild, my Lord,” John says.
"That idjit is off and trying to one-up that angel douchebag and open
“Are you happy?” If Castiel was truly happy with this Balthazar dude, then he could swallow his pride. Their time had come and gone. It was a brief shooting star that burned once then disappeared over the horizon. He had plenty of memories of Castiel.
And all right, maybe it was too big a favor to ask when Dean had denied Michael's own. "They're his brothers."
“Bitch,” was the immediate reply from Dean.
The Warlord Prince reaches over and pins the Gray, simply set on a silver backing, against the lapel of Castiel’s ebony dress coat. His fingertips linger on the pins as he fixes it before he smooths out the cloth and slowly draws his hand away. “Hey, Cas, I—”
He took a burrito from his food cache, snagged a couple of beers from the cooler, and wrenched open his walk-in closet while trying to juggle his armload of food.
He was appalled. Novak men did not
“Hey, Cas,” Dean’s voice is soft and coming from a distance. It takes a couple of tries before Castiel resurfaces. Dean has turned in the pool, his head resting on his folded arms, nose almost touching Castiel’s. “There you are.”
Castiel resisted the urge to roll his eyes – it was the human influence in him. Michael
"There is a soul, waiting to be born, Castiel."
Castiel thought that Michael would ignore his question about the Caretaker, but he was proven wrong when Michael's eyes glowed the deep angelic blue of grace and his voice rumbled on the prophecy that Castiel had been looking for:
- location of the Treasury of Merits, where God observes and credits suffering and hardship in preparation for the seventh doorway.
Dean couldn't get out of there fast enough.
“Ain’t smart enough to make plans. I’ll support you through school. Get odd jobs around the area.”
The room still reeked of musk and sex, the bed haphazardly made. It left Castiel cold, his chest aching at a loss he should have prepared for the moment he laid eyes on Dean Winchester. It was imperative to get away from this emotional implosion.
“I don’t think I’ve read those before,” Sam said with interest.
“The best!” Jack grins as they make their way to an empty patch where previous demon’s circles haven’t marked yet.
Castiel curls his hand around Dean’s erection, thumbing the slit before sliding against its length, rubbing the sensitive underside, the pre-come making the glide effortless. His cock lurches and splutters more of the fluid.
There was no future for Dean and Castiel together. Michael would eventually catch up with Castiel regardless of how smart he hides, and once that happens, his brother would force him to move back to Stava. Despite everything, Castiel would always end up in NovaCorp, the only other place that Castiel could be something of value. If Michael found Castiel with Dean, they would make Dean return to a country he’d already fled. It would ruin Dean’s life, and Castiel didn’t want to be a part of that.
Dean used it because, with the hood up, it hid his chestnut brown hair when he was out hunting and the red was so deep, it was almost black, which afforded him some concealment under the night sky. Plus, all the runes of protection were great, too. It helped that it hid all sorts of weapons effectively: a bone knife at Dean's hip and a crossbow at his back.
The eyrie goes on as usual, though Castiel misses Jack since the nestling isn’t allowed in the sick room. It is quiet. The Healers ignore Castiel, and Castiel ignores them.
Castiel welcomes the chill after staying out in the sun, accepting the peace offering and straightening to his full height. No matter how long Dean has gone from Castiel’s sight, it always surprises Castiel how brilliantly Dean’s soul shines when they meet. It pulses in welcome and a soft hello. Some people may wax poetic about Dean’s eyes, of their shade of green, but it’s overshadowed by the radiance of his soul.
Sam was diligently studying for his entrance exams now that he had space, time, and resources to study.
After a change of clothes, Castiel meandered over to the mess hall. It smelled like someone had already brewed coffee despite the lack of people about. He had a quick breakfast of cereal, rinsed his bowl, and bounded up to the wings. It was dark out, with the lights from the mast still on. There was an officer that Castiel hadn’t yet been introduced to operating the bridge.
- inspires mankind, equal in power to the principalities
"If you're sure, boy. Go lie down on that couch." Bobby pointed, gathering the things that the angel asked for.
Dean hesitated briefly before falling back into the couch heavily.
He'd cycled from pissed to upset to angry so quickly that he was getting whiplash and Dean couldn't stay for any more of that conversation because he'd end up doing things he would regret. He curbed the need to slam the door to his room but took out his frustration by forcefully opening his laptop and belligerently hacking into the Missouri public records for anything on Kelly and Dagon.
It was worse than the answer Dean had been hoping to get. If Dean could have strangled her, he would have. This was what he got for trusting wide-blue-eyed
It was Heaven's eidolon of the past, but it was also happening in the present. Somehow, the archangels were seeing Castiel when he had been freshly created and malakhim
The next morning, Dean woke up with a yawn. A quick check through the porthole showed that it was still dark out. It was the perfect time for a sleepy sunrise.
Just like his dad, he kept his tapes in a shoebox, labeled with a black sharpie. He used it when his dad let him pick a tape for their drives, or between classes when he had time. He smiled proudly at himself when Dad ordered, “turn up the volume, son,” while one of his mixtapes was on. Once the recording ended, Dad grinned and nodded. “Go ahead and choose another one.”
Castiel summarily ignored him. Something else might take up Gabriel's attention. He was flighty like that. True to form, Gabriel indeed could not tolerate working in silence, and he did not like being disregarded. "Ever wonder why you keep coming back again and again?"
Charles Novak’s aggressive expansion of NovaTel is also based on entrepreneur
Kevin, dressed down in his jeans, a round neck shirt thrown on under a grey hoodie, shifted beside him as they looked at the office building that housed the angel garrison in Lebanon. "You would think that for an angel garrison, it'd look more like a military encampment," Kevin commented as they took in the glass doors and the steel frames.
right? It's not just about the fics. :D
Jack squeezes the soft offering and inhales all the psychic scents mingled in it. “Thank you, Father.  I don’t know how to tuck it away in my own space,” Jack confesses, hugging the pillow tighter.
Dean curses as he runs towards the tree. It’s three times the boy’s width, and even Dean couldn’t put his arms around its diameter. It looks like one of the oldest trees in the mountain, and the communal eyrie was built outside the shade of its branches.
“He’s a Warlord Prince named Azazel from the court I stole Prince Daniel away from,” John explains, defeated. Dean remembers Prince Daniel as the last mission his dad brought back from the other realm. There’s a long span of silence where they disappear from Dean’s line of sight. “He probably followed me through the Gates from Terreille. Mother Night! I told Mary this was too dangerous!”
“This makes me very happy,” Castiel rumbles after he finishes a slice.
Dean had barely oriented himself to run towards the Throne, disregarding the burning churning rivers of fires surrounding the Throne, when Metatron appeared in front of him, sword raised high above his head, both threatening and surreal.
Have you found belonging? Have you found home? Have you found absolution?
Castiel’s expression was a mix of horrified disbelief and unadulterated longing. Dean couldn’t read between the mixed signals. Then Castiel blinked, and he’d masked whatever it was in polite indifference. “Hello, Dean.”
I just posted the continuation of this fic in appreciation of the fact that Supernatural just ended and this is a Heaven fic, and that was largely...a Heaven ending. I hope you enjoy!
Jack didn’t even hesitate. He flings his arms around Castiel and nods, his wings following. “All right, darling. All right.” He turns to Dean with hope in his eyes.
Dean didn’t know how advanced Jack’s lessons in Craft are. The boy could get stuck in the middle! At his age, he should still be passing inanimate objects through other objects instead of this panic-inducing clusterfuck.
“Dean!” they heard John from the loudspeakers, which spurred all three of them into action.
Gabriel had snapped them into existence in the bunker, because apparently infiltrating secret societies was not just Abaddon's thing; it had been a passing interest of Gabriel's as well.
Castiel hesitates for a moment before he answers, "The shirdal carried you here."
Lucifer gave a tutting sound. "Now, now, Dean. I've never been
—a witch who cares for altars, Sanctuaries, and Dark Altars; witnesses handfasts and marriages; performs offerings; equal in status to a Healer and a Prince
Some of his feathers rustle at the insult, and the sour taste of contempt lingers on his lips. It’s too late to wish for nestmates to tend to his wings. They are long gone. Even if he finds someone he would willingly ask for the intimacy, Michaela has forbidden it anyway.
"All right," Castiel acquiesced. He'd had more than enough.
before it drove away. He took out his phone to dial Castiel's number before Dean realized that he didn’t know it and he left said number with the plastic bag in customer service. He turned around abruptly to get the bag when he found Becky unnaturally close and holding his bag out to him. “Fu—“
Momentarily stunned at the angel's appearance Bobby blurted out, "What got you dead, boy?"
Motioning to the table to distract Dean, Castiel busies himself with the Dean's after training rituals. The Prince is wholly enthralled by the feathers. Castiel knows it would be a problem if Michaela gets wind of the stash. Castiel runs the bath, warming the water while putting in the herbs that the Prince likes. Then he adds medicine to soothe his aches.
"Dean!" came Karen's warning tone, and Dean rose up to pick the kernels from the front of the screen.
"You have big hands," Dean blurts out, once the man prods a particularly nasty looking bruise.
Distantly, Castiel feels that Balthazar cast a Purple Dusk shield around the perimeter. It would prevent Jack from flying too far out but allowed him the illusion of freedom.
left?”
“No, I’m not to your taste?” Castiel asks, deliberately obtuse.
Castiel blinks as if the entire thought of healing Dean with his magic hasn't crossed his mind. Castiel looks at the bed that Dean is also using as a chair and a table, seeing as Castiel's house barely has any functional furniture. Even the bed is two bundles of hay covered with down feathers, which Castiel admits came from the griffin. "Vgeg means 'to grow.' The bales of hay were living things once, try to make them grow."
Sam was silent, mouth agape at Bobby and his dog.
“Don’t let the kid see,” Dean mutters before casually strolling back towards his brother and Jack. The complete nonchalance is more suspicious than if he’d just palmed it to him in the kitchen.
“I messed up, Balthazar. And he’s never taking me back again.”
Dean shifts in his chair and scratches the back of his neck unconsciously. It mortifies Dean. He hadn't realized he took the liberty. They've been avoiding each other for days, and he suddenly goes about shortening the other man's name.
It was Cas’ turn to give Dean an irritated huff. “It’s been more than a thousand years already, Dean. Really, you hold a grudge.”
(See the end of the chapter for
