“Instead of the usual hymns, the family and friend...s have selected a few songs during which we can reflect upon the life of Sherlock Holmes. The first one shall be played while I… gather the coffin.”
like Michelle - keep up,” She-lock tells him, before continuing loudly. “It’s obvious, really. We were told, but did we listen? BenDeLa was featured in the ‘Buy me on iTunes’ lyrics not once, but twice. Also, she’s been speaking in BenDeLa catchphrases during her judging sessions. Barf! Not only that. She’s been badly lit throughout the season, so we wouldn’t catch on. But her New Jersey accent is worse than her British one. On top of that, the order of eliminations was leaked not before airing but before shooting… by an ex of BenDeLaCreme! What do you have to say for yourself?”
“Why did you kill yourself in front of me, Sherlock?” John repeats the question slowly. If he didn’t know any better, it would seem like Sherlock flinched with each word.
She pouts. “They’re calling you the Sherlock whisperer.”
John’s eyes open at once. She-lock gasps - in this light, they are the dark blue of quiet oceans, disturbed only by a devastating splash of green in the middle. All the best parts of the Nyx Ultimate Shadow Palette, distilled into two eyes.
“And Sherlock doesn’t feel things that way,” John adds.
John. John is all he sees.
Jonathan looks at Sherlock, whose bottom lip drops.
“You’re… Not in love with Gary?”
“Look, we know this can be all a bit overwhelming, but we’re here to take good care of John,” Tan says, putting his arm around John. “John, you’re a gorgeous man. But why do you dress like you’re Sherlock’s dad instead of Rosie’s dad?”
The red-haired guy throws his hands in the air and does a little dance, while the others give her the stink-eye. She-lock, John notices, rolls his eyes almost out of their sockets.
(See the end of the chapter for
“When does our flight leave?” John asks.
“Let me examine her body!” John nearly yells at Ru.
He’s even closer now - and Sherlock leans in, opens John’s arms, wraps them around to his back. Sherlock closes John’s eyes, and allows their bodies to merge. He can feel himself melting away. This feels - wonderful, glorious, amazing, fantastic.
“Sherlock?” John hisses.
Sherlock stands frozen, pale as a sheet.
- of John definitely not being fine? Where was Mycroft’s note to
In the corner, sat spread-eagle on a chair, is nurse Mary.
“You’re right,” Tan says, putting a bunch of suits in John’s arms. Sherlock’s mouth snaps shut.
-Violet Chachki: drag queen who, according to gossip, stole Sharon's crown during a night out (long before appearing on Drag Race herself)
Sherlock looks surprised. “But your reputation… I’ve been getting calls all day. Surely, you must have, too?”
“You do know I’m not actually the Quartermaster, right?” Q says. “I’ve only just started this government internship and they asked me to handle this bloody job. It would be fun, they said!”
him. Don’t people want their loved ones to feel safe and happy after death?
Sherlock beams at him. John’s clearly so happy. This will be the best birthday ever: guns, explosions, chases, only minor life endangerment. Perfect.
“Yassss queen,” Jonathan yells.
“Patience, patience,” Moriarty says, grinning. “Sherlock.”
It reminds John of last night, when it covered his naked body, tickled his bare legs. His penis grows half hard just remembering its rugged feeling.
“For me
Dimmock pushes the loudspeaker button. They’re now connected straight to Vanjie’s room.
particular shock, it turns out it was not your grand coming-out party after all, it was all
“You… No.” Sherlock shakes his head. “It can’t be.”
He pauses.
“What?” John says, but Sherlock turns his head away from them, to stare out the window.
John presses on. They can both make it through this together. Just because they slept together, and John has feelings, doesn’t mean Sherlock should give up on his best chance at a happy relationship.
Sherlock swallows. John watches his Adam’s apple bob. “It’s fine, John,” Sherlock says. “I’ll give my middle f…”
and I want you to be
Iain makes a gagging noise and looks to Stephen for support. He’s not disappointed. Stephen is already rolling his eyes.
Soon, the tremors turned to full-body shaking, and Sherlock grew tired. The rosy blush of fever painted itself over his cheeks, and John helped him into his clean pajamas. He gripped Sherlock by the elbow and half-carried him to the sitting room.
“How long?”
The photograph showed the charred, twisted remains of what was likely a life preserver, a paddle, and a VHF radio. Amidst the ash and rubble, John could make out splintered fragments of bone: femur, ulna, patella, femur, tibia, radius, mandible…
With his other hand, he traces Stephen’s mouth and slides his middle finger inside.
Rosie nodded hard as Sherlock dropped a kiss on her cheek.
John had hoped to make Sherlock smile, but the man’s face twisted with sadness instead.
After shaking out the pins and needles in his legs, Sherlock flopped onto the sofa and curled his knees in so that they were covered by the loose edges of his robe. So, one tile or two? There were rational arguments to be made on both sides. For starters, it began as one solid tile. It can’t possibly now be two, right? How can a tile be greater than the sum of its parts?
“Don’t be cute, John. You don’t own a three piece, although…”
The last comes out as more of a question, which John is quick to answer.
“But I thought everything was going well. What happened? Did I do something wrong? Just tell me what it is and we can work something out, Sherlock. Please just don’t do this. Not now. I can’t lose you again.”
“Sherlock used Moriarty’s obsession against him. He knew the man valued Sherlock above all his possessions.”
Sherlock goes completely still. That’s wrong. Mary didn’t like classical music. She teased him about it all the time. But that would mean that John is not talking about Mary, which is equally impossible. His mind goes utterly blank and all Sherlock can do is stare at the television with a desperation he has kept locked away for so long that it pours out of him. He’s no longer in control.
"Why gardening?"
John felt a lurch of pity for the DI, he looked utterly worn out. “Sherlock identified the perp last week. Have you gotten anything out of him?”
"John," he gasps. "Please? I...I-I need...oh god...please?"
It's not a question. John still knows him better than anyone. He is still taking pains to keep Sherlock in his comfort zone, not talking as much as possible.
Rosie whined, knowing her Dad had very little patience for whining. John had turned toward Sherlock with pleading eyes.
, but she sure as hell is just as much Sherlock’s daughter as she is John’s.
John nodded but seemed frustrated. It hadn’t been enough of an answer.
Sherlock nodded, and John was encouraged.
.” Sherlock’s voice was barely anything at all by the end of the statement.
After a while, the sobs lessen and Sherlock's breathing comes a little more evenly. His body still trembles, and Mycroft runs his arms, trying to warm him. Footsteps echo down the hallway, alerting them a few seconds before Lestrade's concerned face appears around the corner. The D.I. huffs his astonishment at the tender tableau and looks away. Sherlock pulls his head off of his brother's shoulder and swipes his eyes with the heels of his hands. He draws himself up as much as possible while sitting.
John sighed from across the room. Sherlock was surprised to find that he looked apprehensive. They’d spent a reasonably quiet evening together. John had been reading a reprehensible action novel, but it seems he’d finished it while Sherlock was thinking. It had taken Sherlock only a few seconds to deduce that the story was a trashy romance masquerading as a thriller, and that it would culminate in the realization that the main spy duo were soulmates.
Sherlock stumbles on his 134th trip across the room. It suddenly occurs to him that he doesn't even know which hospital he is in.
“Forgive me, John,” he asked in a voice so deep it sent a bolt of arousal down John’s spine.
Sherlock’s mouth opens, but John beats him to it. The words pour out of him in a long stream that he couldn’t stop even if he so desired.
He checked his watch.
you. I want the flat to be
Sherlock chuckles and runs his fingers through John’s hair.
Sherlock clattered down and wrenched the door open. He turned back to make sure that John was following and caught the tail-end of a small resigned sigh before John was schooling his face with a nod and a smile so stretched that it hurt Sherlock’s cheeks just looking at it.
“But…” John prompted, sensing there was more to the story.
“Well you didn’t! I seem to remember you liking my description of your ethereal body and extraordinary cheekbones...”
John agreed and walked over to Sherlock’s side after Greg left. He waited patiently for Sherlock to come to a natural stopping point, and when he finally looked up, John felt an affectionate smile steal across his face. Sherlock’s hair was a frizzled mess from being tugged this way and that as the genius thought.
Mary is quite sure. She hasn't left his side in five days. Supposedly, John will come home soon. Sherlock has tortured his violin, performed explosive experiments, and generally made all matter of noise until Mrs. Hudson gave in and came to see what all the fuss was about. She may not be Sherlock's housekeeper, but she can be surprisingly insightful at times.
John turns to Sherlock, suddenly eager to know everything now that Mycroft has formulated a plan.
furrows his brow as he trims the edges of the article to a precise 1/8” margin and pastes it into the scrapbook.
The man really does look like him, with a few notable differences. He may go in for a good disguise every now and then, but he would never be caught dead in the ridiculous robes the man is wearing. The goatee is also distracting. He hadn’t been lying when he told John he likes his doctors clean-shaven.
[TEXT] I will know if you bring him. – M
"The days we chased criminals and the days you shot up the walls."
Given the highly sophisticated nature of the technology in the room and the fact that the entire chamber had been secreted behind a wall, John felt reasonably safe in assuming that he’d just discovered the home office of Mycroft Holmes.
John’s heart broke to hear Sherlock talk that way, but he needed to understand where the man was coming from.
“Why, hello, John. What a pleasant surprise. To what do I owe this pleasure?”
Mercifully, Mycroft cut him off. “He’s told you more than I expected. That’s good - gives us a place to start.” He withdrew a page from the file and turned it to John. It was a grainy image, probably taken by surveillance of some sort, but John failed to see anything of significance in the frame. It showed a crowd of people waiting on the platform at Piccadilly station. Mycroft, sensing his incomprehension, pointed to the man walking out of the right side of the image.
John looks confused for a moment before his face straightens out into fond amusement.
“It’s fine, John,” he said with a laconic flick of his wrist.
“John.”
All giggles once again, Rosie donned her bag and flew down the stairs.
“You’re angry with him?”
John nearly chokes on his scone. He might need the Heimlich after all.
Sherlock is
John startles. Why does Karamo bring Sherlock up? He feels a sudden need to defend him. Just because he didn’t join them at the zoo today, and keeps a few eyeballs in the fridge sometimes, doesn’t mean John should cut him out of Rosie’s life.
She looks up. “Do you think so?”
“Typically Sherlock”, John says.
John breathes out shakily. They’re standing very close. This is unfair.
“Naturally,” Sherlock mumbles, his voice restrained.
“You’ll be fine, we’ve practised,” She-lock says, more to herself than to him.
The door slams shut. One of his business cards falls off a nearby shelf and slides up to Sherlock’s shoe.
Also, John had only done it to transfer part of his own lipstick to She-lock’s bare lips. Helping out a mate, as one does.
“Like what?” Jonathan asks.
I’ve seen a lot of musicals,” Jonathan says. “Enough for a lifetime. Yet, I always want to see more.”
On the bed, David hurriedly removes himself from her and covers himself with a bedsheet, leaving Mary exposed. She covers herself with her hands, mortified.
“Yasss, queen!” Mrs Hudson shouts from the window.
It’s clear: Sherlock deserves a better man than John.
Also a huge thank you to all you lovely people who've been commenting, kudos'ing, messaging, reblogging, or just silently reading. I cannot express enough how much that means to me. You guys are the best.
John clears his throat.
And Jonathan seems like a good man. As far as celebrity doctors go, John supposes. Who then, is John, to stand in the way of their happiness?
“Don’t worry,” Ru says, hesitantly for his doing. “What other people think of you is none of your business.”
“Straight not being the correct word”, Sherlock mumbles next to him.
“The Commonwealth needs your help,” Mycroft says.
“But bad for your reputation.”
A small noise leaves the back of Sherlock’s throat.
John wants to nod, but he can’t.
“This particular challenge I got inspired by a more recent criminal case in London, where a cab driver turned serial killer. They looked like serial suicides, but it turned out he made them swallow poison pills in a sickening game.”
Yes, yes, another Lorde title ;) Because why not?
“Who decides who gets assigned to the bottom two?”
“You can call him John,” John says.
“It’s literally my business.”
Is he being seduced?
“Mycroft sent you there right after Serbia, right?”
“Jinkx Monsoon!”
Sherlock turns to him and steps closer.
“I think I might kill
“Oh no,” She-lock says when the man appears, keeping one eye open, one eye blissfully closed.
But Sherlock waves at him dismissively. “We're old friends, John, it's fine.” The man looks at Victor, intensely. “We go way back.”
The mattress is shaking a little. Sherlock ignores it and checks his phone.
So now John is going to follow those Alices through Wonderland to hell and back. He feels like a tit for not fighting those Alices. However, if he had, then he’d be captured too, and what good would that do them?
“That’s it, though, isn’t it?” John says. “She-lock doesn’t really make an effort to come across nice…”
“I object,” Latrice says.
Wankfully they're back at 221B.
“What do you mean?”
“The church is full!” Sherlock interrupts, panting. The journalists struggle to get their microphones closer to his face. “I’m afraid there’s no more room for you.”
-AlAndChuckTravel: LGBT travel agency; used to sponsor the cruises won on Drag Race
And it’s unfair. Sherlock doesn’t get to cry. He doesn’t, he really doesn’t. He’s the one who left John alone, to mourn. Who told an unspeakable lie. Who abandoned. He’s the one who didn’t care how John would feel - would fare, without him. Those first months were the blackest of John’s life. And now, after he has finally pieced himself together - of sorts - Sherlock comes in here, and even worse,
“Sorry?”
What’s
“He was, you know...”, Penelope/Mrs. Thames whispers to the others, bowing her head toward them a little. “An invert.”
“Shouldn’t have put a vicar in a wine cellar, Sherlock.”
John turns his chair toward him. Sherlock stops breathing all at once, and stands straight. Like a soldier, saluting.
The Apollo Victoria is the biggest London theatre, and carries its past and current glory like a mythical beast. John fondly remembers coming here with his schoolmates during the 18 year run of Starlight Express, the epic skating musical for which tracks were built inside the auditorium, through the stalls and even in the balcony. Since 2002 the tracks have disappeared to make room for more seats, and its new success musical: Wicked.
Nothing. Sherlock looks to his side, and sees that John has pulled the plug from the speakers angrily. He walks back to his seat, without as much as a look at the vicar, or anyone else.
“You haven’t realised,” She-lock says. Suddenly she jumps off the bed and heads toward the window. She turns around, before John can ask again - “What?” - and lets her satin dressing gown fall open, revealing her bare chest and tight pants. “That you’re bi.”
John steps forward. His shadow follows.
He’s in six inch glitter heels. So rather, he stumbles over to Miss Vanjie.
John must have fallen asleep briefly, exhausted, because when he opens his eyes again, Sherlock is gone. Sleepily, he goes into the bathroom to pee, then steps into the kitchen. He hasn't even put on any clothes yet, walking around completely naked. There, in the middle of the night, he finds Sherlock at the table, wearing his blue dressing gown, peering into a microscope.
Near John’s left shoulder, the bullet wound scar has healed rather clumsily - clearly treated in a battlefield hospital setting with limited resources. From what Sherlock read in John’s military file - Mycroft has his uses sometimes - a wounded John had carried a soldier over his other shoulder, to safety, before collapsing from blood loss and sheer agony.
“John, as I have told you many times before, please steer clear of Wikipedia”, Sherlock says without even looking up once. He turns a page, and even from this distance John can distinguish every shadow of his long, lean fingers. God, he would be an amazing pianist. Or a very wearisome Gretel to fatten up. The fairy tale of Hansel and Gretel would have been three times longer if the witch had had to start
“Oh,” Sherlock says, surprised. “Yes, of course. I haven’t clocked out yet. Though the afternoon has been… calm.”
Shoutout to my gal Weavetree for her Through the Looking Glass reference in the comment section of chapter 1. I screamed when I read that. Now you know why, my tree friend.
“I owe you…” he says.
,” Sherlock hisses.
“That’s how most psychopaths make you feel,” Dimmock says. “They copy behaviour, know how to come across nice.”
Next to him, Sherlock raises an eyebrow.
“You would care if it was exposed, wouldn’t you? Don’t speak, hold still, just nod.”
“Look, I unexpectedly became a dad too, so I know what it’s like to make room for children in a busy life, and I can help you,” Karamo says, before turning to Molly. “Ready?”
Attached to one very angry Sebastian Moran’s neck.
“Be sure to fully... take in your enemy surroundings,” Sholto instructs.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Right, take a seat. There’s no mirror, but I’ll be your eyes and hands,” Wiggins says.
“Did you read my note?”
Sherlock’s mouth twitches. “I wasn’t supposed to move out.”
“And this requires your specific skillset. Ex-military. Doctor. You’d be fine getting shot at, as well as tending to bullet wounds,” Mycroft says.
“Speaking of sex,” David says, suddenly appearing behind Sherlock’s back and using his body to swirl between John and Sherlock. “There’s only four of us left, now, babes. We’re close to the prize.”
“I thought I felt something familiar.”
John rubs his eyes. Concentrate. He needs to concentrate. Deep down inside, a voice is screaming
“It's more than that, John.” Sherlock stretches his knees now. He's all legs and arms. “Our would-be victim is not just any around-the-corner gay bachelor. He's a celebrity doctor, a famous surgeon, apparently, named Jonathan Wilson.”
She-lock folds her hands in front of her face. As if she’s thinking. But really, her mind is blank, while her thumbs softly touch her lips.
John turns the doorknob. It’s unlocked. And then he slowly opens the door, and it’s just like in the movies. Only, from two different sides it’s two different movies. John opens the door and this is pure horror: he sees his dead friend, pale as a ghost, standing next to the sitting room table. Sherlock, completely unaware that he’s in a horror film, has dressed up in a tight black suit and has filled the place with flowers. What did Sherlock think this was? Some sort of romantic Victorian drama? Everywhere, there are bright, white roses, cornflowers and Baby’s Breath.
Sherlock has turned his back on him now, bending over to pick up his fake beard. But when John puts a hand between his shoulder blades to encourage him to hurry up, Sherlock welps a little.
“Don’t worry,” Miley addresses the queens. “We have it all under control.”
“Oh, right. Sociopath Sherlock, unfeeling, never interested in anyone,” John snaps.
Bainbridge, meanwhile, has grown almost pale, staring at the photos in front of him.
However, they never wore them the way She-lock wears heels. It elevates her, it emphasises her grace, it makes her legs look… John swallows.
“However, we can’t afford to lose any more suitors at this point in the game,” Jonathan says.
“Finally some guest judges I’ve heard of,” Dimmock mutters next to John. “But too bad Santino isn’t here. He does a really good Tim Gunn impression.”
He remembers the kiss. One of deep, passionate betrayal. What an idiot he was, thinking that out of the blue, like magic, Sherlock suddenly loved him. Allowing the kiss of Judas.
“She’s obviously very upset. So please, John. Can you secretly search through She-lock’s things and look for water colourings? Or a lost duckie? I’ll do the same with my Alaskan person. He…
He winks at Sherlock.
Yes. Transport sputtering to an unexpected sticky halt at times. John’s mind flashes back to last night, to Sherlock gripping his arms tightly, nails digging in, moaning, coming hard in his pants.
“We shouldn’t, Sherlock,” John says, softly.
“Why don’t you keep your orange little mouth shut for once,” She-lock hisses. “You’re lowering the IQ of the whole hallway. And we’ve got
“Only… for… a bit? You insane… machine…. If I could strangle my own body, I would!”
He looks up.
John almost drops the bags at 221B's front door. He grabs his keys.
“Literally,” the real John mumbles somewhere in the background.
Irene motions to two empty syringes lying on the table. “And that’s how you were planning to take me out? One drug for Wilson, one for me?”
Yes, those song lyrics took me wayyyyy too long to write, hahaha.
It surprises John that Wilson picked up on his unease. Maybe it’s because they’re standing so close. Maybe it’s because they already have created an intimacy in a short amount of time.
“You wanted me to figure it out,” Sherlock says. “You were leaving me clues.”
But it’s not - it’s not
you can do. Check. Bloody. Mate.”
“I’ve never thought of cricket in my life!”
Perhaps he’s trying to get on Sherlock’s good side, to get an exclusive interview for his newspapers? By sending away John, who might snatch away Jonathan?
Ugh. She just won’t shut up about Canada, where she’s from. Brooklyn, Canada? She-lock rolls her eyes.
When they arrive at the hospital where John works as a general practitioner, a blonde women steps up to greet them.
It makes John’s heart contract. Nobody talks to Sherlock like that. Nobody.
“Well, after he came back… You know. He was acting way too nice, wasn’t he?”
And Jonathan, frightened but smiling, wraps his arms around him tighter.
. If that makes sense.”
John hesitates. He should probably respect Sherlock’s wishes.
“John… Would you… I’d like it if you turned around.”
It feels like he’s outvoted. But it’s not a democracy, his brain decides.
Sherlock looks up, and freezes.
, for christ’s sake.
The train brakes immediately.
John invites him to lie next to him, on top of the covers. “It’s not too cold in here,” he says.
“No giggling at a potential crime scene,” John scolds.
The doorbell rings, once, twice, and by the third ring it starts to feel like a very angry client. Sherlock doesn't move, but holds John's gaze. John would be all too happy to go answer the door, but he seems cemented to the floor. Downstairs, Mrs Hudson lets the guest inside. Cheerful noises. Footsteps on the stairway. Neither John nor Sherlock breaks eye contact.
She-lock just turns around and walks back to her work station. John tries to follow, but finds that without the adrenalin, walking in heels is a lot harder. A. Bloody. Lot. It seems like his ankle is constantly threatening to kill itself, while his toes scream for sweet release. He must look like a right tit, jiggling all over the work room floor.
“Ah,” John says. “Kitty Riley.”
, John had clarified. But dead men don't need books, Sherlock argued, and moreover: perhaps he could learn something from them for a next case.
“Is this... Okay?”, he asks.
“Why would you buy that?” Sherlock asks.
Sherlock averts his eyes. He’ll explain everything to John later, he’ll - he’ll understand. When Sherlock is back in a few months, and the initial pain has settled, they will surely laugh about it. Drinking tea in Baker Street. Everything will be fine.
“Sherlock! What’s the hell’s got into you?” he says angrily.
supply of Anastasia Beverly Hills Cosmetics, a coveted spot in the Drag Race Hall of Fame, and a cash prize of one hundred thousand dollars.”
John wants to protest.
It’s empty apart from Katya, who’s smoking for three people.
Sherlock decides to... relieve John’s body in St. Bart’s top floor toilets.
“I’ve heard that word before but… really, I have no clue what you’re talking about. Is it like French tucking? I’ve seen a few episodes of Queer Eye… while I was unemployed.”
Sherlock bends over him.
After the dance class, the queens are instructed to get back to their hotel for the night. But She-lock quickly scribbles a note for John, and presses it into his hand as they shake goodbye.
John stares at the screen, mouth agape. Sherlock really believes it - what David told him at the club. That he’s unloveable. That’s why he didn’t defend himself. John’s leg is jumping up and down. Like it’s in a hurry to run.
Wiggins fell out of the closet. Sherlock and John are still in one. There will be some thrusting. But who can they trust?
“Anyway, She-lock. You’ve been receiving some harsh critiques on your aesthetic from the judges...” Ru continues.
Seven people are already in the room, most of them standing around the green table. John surveys them quickly. There are three heavy-set men, probably bodyguards of sorts. Two women in short dresses, one blonde and grumpy-looking, and one with short, curly black hair. Two men are playing Texas Hold ‘em.
Then, the atmosphere shifts.
Sherlock moves the piece for him. They’re sitting in 221B, and Mycroft has agreed to play chess with him, blindfolded. “To level the playing field,” he’d said. Smug bastard. Having to actually look at his brother - that’s the true player’s handicap.
Christ. Drag queens bragging about dicks? John manages the final few inches to the workstation. She-lock helps him take off the shoes, like a reverse Cinderella. It definitely did not fit.
Nothing.
“Wasn’t hungry, bitch.” She laughs. “Now go to bed, you’re gonna need your beauty sleep if you wanna defeat me. This is my time, my destiny, I’ve come to collect my crown. Jinkx and Alaska can polish their old ass crown back at home, Sharon can collect hers from Violet Chachki. I’m
God no.
“I think I may have misunderst…”
Head's up: this week I'm on vacation so it might take me a little longer to reply to your comments.
“I didn’t,” John says, politely.
-Death drop: Dance move where someone dramatically falls backwards into a pose on the ground
John rips the water bottles from Sherlock's hands and dumps them into the cart.
It’s unfair, and John knows it. But he still snorts bitterly. “How would you know?”
That’s not enough. That’s never going to be enough,” he says, voice rising.
Behind John, Magnussen has taken a tight grip on the reins and keeps up with Sherlock’s horse expertly, all while pushing into the horse’s sides with the tips of his shoes, in complete control.
“I thought, to hell with him. I walked out the door, greeted your family, who were bloody
Then, Sherlock’s hot tongue slightly breaches John’s hole.
He takes two steps back and looks at that gorgeous sight: Sherlock Holmes, world-famous consulting detective, completely exposed, on his belly, legs slightly parted. Barely moving – almost unnoticeably trembling.
John bites his upper lip.
“Girl. There are no accidents in Drag Race,” She-lock whispers.
Mycroft steps up to the pulpit, holding a piece of paper. Oh, Sherlock notes while he takes a seat. Seems rather short. Disappointing.
It’s only when Sherlock’s chest releases one short, intense shiver, that John realises he hadn’t been breathing.
“I don’t.”
“Whore,” Sherlock mumbles, more to himself than to anyone. Yet just loud enough.
“Thank you for helping me with this, John,” Sherlock says, now abruptly pushing his entire finger inside John.
John brings his nose up to the collar. His stomach contracts. It smells of Sherlock, still.
-Boob queen: a queen who uses fake boobs; not all do
John and She-lock bow to each other as the first notes start. Formally, almost. Then, they approach, each one hand raised at the other but not quite yet touching fingers. Twirling, though, that they do.
Jinkx giggles at this, which seems to offend She-lock greatly.
John steps around so he can look him in the eye.
For Johnlockers who haven't seen the show, here's a quick vocabulary list you might need for this chapter:
They laugh, though. It’s friendly bickering.
He didn’t need to investigate that deep.” Sherlock sighs in frustration, throwing the notes on the bed. “I’m lost. I will not be able to save Jonathan Wilson.”
When they reach the ground, Sherlock unlocks himself with shaky hands. They look up, and on the balcony, two men from the Gold room are looking down at them, guns in their hands.
Sherlock lies in complete submission on top of the covers, still wearing his pajama pants and a loose tshirt. His arms are outstretched above his head, and he doesn't move.
The next morning, getting out of bed, John feels like a dead man rising from the grave. He shouldn’t have gone, shouldn’t have opened that wound. It’s clear Sherlock has no answers. Because the lies, the abandonment, the two year ruse is... unforgivable.
.” Mycroft seems out of breath. “And look at you now, brother mine.”
“Perks of the job. Anyway, close that door, the light is giving me a headache and a tan. Bad for my reputation.”
“The Queen of the North is back!” Brooke Lynn announces.
Moriarty pulls into the underground parking lot of a large, darkened building. An abandoned children’s hospital; closed after funding was pulled. Its benefactor, apparently, turned out to be a serial killer a few years ago. Sherlock had read about it with interest, in the papers.
This man keeps surprising her.
and John? Sherlock’s not getting a makeover, is he? But before he can comment, they’re already moving inside the large London zoo. Rosie cackles as Molly leads her straight to Butterfly Paradise.
“I take it everyone has had a chance to read their cue cards?”, Sebastian asks. He takes the folded cloth napkin off his plate and puts it in his lap. “The butler will bring our starters soon. Let's take this opportunity to talk to each other in character.”
“Lestrade passed you the case, didn't he?”
“There’s a keypad for the door that leads into a basement called La Tanière Du Dragon. I need you to break into the system so I can enter into the mountain.”
hanging in the air. It is, of course, the result of living with someone for more than a year and knowing their breathing patterns intimately. Of having felt the mattress shift, perhaps; of feeling the outliers of the dip of an elbow that a head might lean on.
Oh god.
, he chastises himself.
“Lube”, Sherlock answers, and points to the little bedside table. John reaches inside and finds, to his surprise, a half empty bottle. So he
, the banker had told him.
”Yes, give me a minute, please, I’ll ready myself to accommodate Jonathan.”
Then, soft, fast pulling sounds behind him. Tiny huffs. It’s unmistakable. Sherlock is masturbating.
That’s one erogenous zone down, then. Best leave the more obvious ones out of it, John thinks. Sherlock sure won’t be needing
She-lock is sitting in the workroom, removing her makeup carefully, when a shadow appears in the doorway.
“Do you understand now, Doctor Watson? During the next rose ceremony, when Jonathan is about to boot Bainbridge, you’re going to step up and tell them you’re quitting the competition. Then you’ll go home, back to Baker Street. Just leave Sherlock here, alone.”
Sherlock, apparently, deems it an appropriate time to reach into the back of his trousers, and uncover a banana.
“You weren’t answering your door,” Sherlock says, as if that’s a perfectly reasonable explanation.
Not that there’s anything wrong with being gay. John just isn’t, that’s all. Definitely definitely not.
John’s cock is standing even more erect, if at all possible. Sherlock can feel it trembling, wanting, aching for touch. Yet, John doesn’t touch it anymore. Instead, he reaches out and runs his hands softly down his chest, then upwards again.
“How am I supposed to believe my best friend gives a rat’s ass about me, if you never TELL ME ANYTHING?” John yells, the words ricocheting around them.
“Just like before you jumped off St Barts. You didn’t tell me your plan so I didn’t follow it.” He lies down under the sheets. “You’ve got to start letting me in.”
John shrugs it off, and follows Bobby to his room.
- awkwardly, desperately clasping at John’s backside, Sherlock’s fingers move a bit more inwards, just barely touching the edges of his asshole -
“I’ll be assisting him today,” John unhelpfully adds. “As a detective, I might learn something.”
He uses one arm to reach deeper down. He brushes his thumb over his anus, lightly breaches himself - thinking of Sherlock, lying on a dorm bed, being overwhelmed with want, being ravaged - and John comes immediately, dirty, hard, squirting cum all over the flushed glass of the shower cabin.
“How can you’ve been in here all this time? I follow your Insta!” Dimmock says. “You’re traveling all over the world.”
She pulls back, bewildered. Before her tape rips all the way off.
She-lock sighs and turns to the judges, making sure her face catches the good light.
Jonathan looks up in surprise. Nearby, there’s the unmistakable sound of a camera lens zooming.
This is… this is in unaroused state? Already… this big?
Sherlock moves his hands under the sheets. John’s throat runs dry as dust. His jaw drops. Sherlock is wriggling. Is he - is he removing his pants?
Sherlock swallows. Whoops.
“You never eat breakfast,” John says, startled.
“So”, that Victor guy has the audacity to add. “John. How long have you been Sherlock's colleague?”
Sherlock groans. No. Not ‘Tears in Heaven’, please.
undercover. Do they?
“Am I a snorer?” Sherlock asks.
exclusive event, I’m
Not that it matters, as he is not gay.
frame someone else for doing it. “
“It’s really quite simple… Father,” John says.
“No I won’t,” Sherlock says, pointing. “Look! Cotton balls in my cheeks!”
“Then”, John raises his voice. Sherlock stares at his hands. Sandy laughs nervously. Everyone else's eyes are fixed on him. “Then you invite him here, supposedly to say thanks. You invite me, and a date, to humiliate him.”
Next to her, she can sense a strange quiet coming over John.
No time. High up on St Bart’s hospital, he can see his own body, the silhouette of a suicide.
Sherlock exits the booth and faces him shakily.
“Hear me out,” Sherlock’s voice bursts from behind his back. John turns around, annoyed. Of course he’d come through the balcony.
Jonathan Wilson is trying to go a bit further than Sherlock is really ready for. Maybe John can help? Time to talk about the elephant in the room.
you, is really just listening,” John says.
“Was it Mycroft?” Sherlock asks.
“I can’t protect you from this, Sherlock,” Mycroft says.
“Oh, please don't tell me the butler did it”, Sherlock rolls his eyes. Victor chuckles.
People usually don’t disprove their homophobia by bottoming, of course.
slot!
John better appreciate this breakfast from
Lestrade and Dimmock look up, surprised. “Well done, mate!” Lestrade says.
He pours a bit of lube in the palm of his hand and heats it by rubbing his hands together. Then he adds some more and rubs it softly between Sherlock's ass cheeks, not quite breaching, but merely suggesting. Sherlock grunts and pushes harder into the bedsheets, trying to get some friction for his penis.
As Sherlock pounds into him more erratically, kisses his neck softly, bites into his shoulder - John’s face crumples. He wraps his arms around Sherlock more tightly, whispering in his ear, urging him to go harder, go deeper. He feels his whole body fill with warmth, with lust and tenderness all at once.
“I brought your biology textbook.”
“You were worried about me.”
“Oh John. You didn’t really think we had something, did you?”
Problem?”
He couldn’t understand the world’s obsession with soul bonds. People insisted on bringing it up at the most inconvenient times, and it was almost as popular a topic as which football team would win the cup this year or which idiot was currently prime minister. Useless.
"Tea. Yeah. Tea is...uh…good."
Once they’re in the bedroom, John snaps back fast. He strips them both quickly and yanks his own clothing off before sliding between the two men. He knows exactly what he wants. He has been fantasizing about this for a while now, if he’s being honest. He runs his palm appreciatively over Sherlock’s thigh, inching toward his unflagging erection. As he runs his fingers over Sherlock’s balls, he looks him in the eye.
Mycroft's hand slips off Sherlock's back as he stands.
"You're still ill."
Sherlock nods, grateful that he doesn’t have to explain it all again. Molly sets down her tea and clasps her hands in her lap. Her posture is stiff and her face serious.
John turned to the detective with a pleading look. “Explain,” he said simply. He knew Sherlock would read all the needy plaintive questions he could not bring himself to ask. More than anything, John wanted this not to be drugs. He knew Sherlock had been restless all evening, but he hadn’t thought the man had been anywhere close to this. And if he had been, why had he gone to Wiggins? Didn’t he trust John?
“My apologies, John, but my time is up.  I won’t be gone longer than three days. You’ll have direct access to my private line via any phone in this house.”
John tried not to think too hard about the contents of the folder on his way back to the flat. It had been heinous enough to think of someone like Monahan using hypno-rophenol to get Waterman into bed against her will, but the suggestion that this was happening on a large scale resulting in murders? John shuddered.
John wallows in the heartbreak and guilt for a minute before locking it up tight. He shrinks it all, folds it over and over until it is just a tiny fleck in his mind. He’ll mourn later. Now, there’s work to do.
John wasn’t home yet.
Sherlock concedes the point with a slight inclination of the head. He watches John with a fond gaze, but John can see the edge of wariness that creeps in despite Sherlock’s best efforts. John goes to stand in front of him, not touching.
“Perfect,” M breathed when Sherlock folded his hands. His eyes glinted with carnal appreciation at the submissive nature of the gesture.
Sherlock’s fingers twitched to the right of his head, but he didn’t move away. John thought that he should feel awkward. He was only wearing his briefs and his sheet had slipped down in the night so that it was draped low across his hips. His chest was bare, and his scar was on prominent display in a way that John never allowed. It wasn’t that he was embarrassed by it anymore. It was just another broken part of himself that he had learned to live with. No. John kept it covered because it made him feel too exposed.
I tug him forward to stand closer to the fire, heedless of the way his trousers and hair are still dripping onto the rug, and dash to my bedroom – the closest – to pull a blanket off my bed.  Swiftly, I undo the buttons on his waistcoat and pull it off.  His shirt is nearly as sodden as his outer layers, so driving was the rain; the wet material clings to his slim body, the outline of every muscle and ripple of skin visible beneath the nearly transparent fabric.  I undo those buttons, remove the cuffs and tug the shirt off, too, immediately wrapping the dry blanket around his now-bare shoulders.
I stare into the expanse of blanket-covered chest in front of me.  “Holmes, don’t,” I whisper.  “I … I can’t.”
“Not entirely surprising,” Holmes continues.  “He runs no medical practice that I am aware of.”
Spring has arrived by the time I insist Holmes see a doctor or, rather, be seen
Turning my head a little, I can just make out the words across the table:
Sherlock is ensconced in his favourite armchair by the fire, engrossed in a book, when I enter into the sitting room.  “Ah, Watson,” he says, his eyes brightening.  “I trust you are well-rested?”
“Don’t apologize, Watson.  Not for this,” he murmurs.  He reaches across with his hand and strokes my hip, fingers trailing from the top of my buttock forward toward my groin, back and forth, back and forth, and I cannot help the sharp breath I suck in at the surge of feeling that zings through me.
. “Goodness!” I exclaim, feeling heat rise to my cheeks.  “You might warn a man.  What a thing to be reading about over breakfast.”
“No,” he says, finally shifting onto his own side to face me.  His cock brushes against mine and I choke back a groan.  “I don’t think I shall.”  And with that, he crushes his lips to mine, and my entire world narrows to the feel of my dearest friend, my secret object of desire, kissing me within an inch of his life.
Other than that, however, Holmes and I are entirely on our own, which, to my mind, can only be beneficial in helping my friend rest his body and spirit.  In fact, Holmes withdraws to still more restful pursuits, taking long solitary walks along the clean, wind-swept moors and spending time in quiet contemplation when he is at home.  We have our conversations, of course, but the silences between us have always been comfortable, and with a surfeit of reading material to catch up on, I am not dissatisfied with how the days pass.
The haze of fatigue is beginning to reclaim me, else I would protest more.  As it is, I simply nod my acquiescence, raise his hand to my lips for a gentle kiss, and allow my eyes to slip closed.
in your care” in a low voice.
“I see,” I reply, thoughts whirling. After a long moment, I add, “I hope that this does not change our friendship in any way.”
“Really, Watson,” Holmes replies in some impatience.  “You have a club.  You frequent the Turkish baths.  You see patients.  Surely you’ve seen a few green carnations in your many encounters.”
I blink in surprise.  “Green carnation?”
At the first puff of air just above the straining tip, however, I cannot help the “Please,” that escapes me.  I am consumed by the need for him to touch me.  His teasing breath continues down one side, then up the other, and I am about to beg again when he finally closes his lips over me.
I take a sip of tea, ordering my thoughts.  “I suppose I have seen a few.  It’s not precisely a colour one normally sees in carnations.”
a doctor.  I know Holmes will simply brush off my own concerns, no matter that I, too, am a doctor, but also know he will likely pay more attention to some other physician.  I therefore ask a colleague of mine, one Dr. Moore Agar, to make a house call.  Sure enough, although he initially protests, Holmes eventually capitulates to Dr. Agar’s insistence that he take an immediately holiday, lest he suffer a nervous breakdown.  He suggests taking in the peaceful surroundings and fresh air of Cornwall, to maximize the contrast from our hectic and smoggy surroundings in London.  There is no question of me staying behind while Holmes goes, which is how I come to find myself in a modest cottage, edged by Poldhu Bay on one side and lonely Cornish moors on the other.  There are a number of tiny villages scattered across the moor, the nearest of which Tredannick Wollas, from whence comes the girl who cleans the cottage every few days and handles our laundering needs once a week.
And I remember his earlier statement: “My needs are not the same as yours.”
But Holmes uses his one free hand – the other is holding the blanket closed around his shoulders – to tug up on my elbow and draw me back to a standing position.  “You know what will warm me much more efficiently than bricks or tea, don’t you, Dr. Watson?”  he says in that same low voice, so unlike his usual brisk tones and which is also doing strange things to my stomach.
Unbeknownst to Holmes, his recent choice of reading has struck a nerve.
And as we leave the cottage, if my hand itches to twine with his, that is nobody’s business but my own.
“In a manner,” Holmes replies, taking an absentminded sip of tea as he continues to read.  “New publication by one of your colleagues, one Henry Havelock Ellis.”   His gaze flicks up to mine.  “Have you heard of him?”
“What?”
But John only picks up Sherlock’s business card, and straightens. He politely holds it out.
“Hell to the N.O., I use conditioner,” Jonathan says. “But we could frame a The Ring movie poster if you really insist.”
“That’s right, I can do my own fancy deductions,” David says. “And I deduce you’re a virgin. Want to know how I know?”
He demonstrates the movement, and thrusts against Sherlock. Sherlock’s curls bounce up and down with each thrust. He grunts.
John snorts bitterly. Since when is Mycroft the detective type?
John freezes.
He runs inside the hospital and pushes the lift buttons. Too slow, too slow. His body could be falling right now. He’d be stuck inside John forever. And not in the way he’s always dreamed of.
,” John says, angrily. “And now Sherlock might die. In a… beautiful magical place,” he mumbles as his eyes land on the Alices dragging the cart into the iconic Sleeping Beauty Castle, on top of a small mountain. They’re sweaty from the effort, causing parents to look at them disapprovingly and ushering their children away.
A thunder rolls. The song starts playing. She-lock doesn’t only remember every word, she remembers every damn beat, from lying next to John half the night and listening to it on repeat.
“I used to work with him, but that’s over now.”
Fair point.
He looks at Magnussen, who pulls a face close to sympathetic, but not quite.
John starts crawling toward her. She mustn’t get away.
Ah, there it is.
John can’t help but move a little closer, touch a hesitant finger to Sherlock’s most outspoken scar, the one that curls around his neck. A wound that cut just a little deeper, a little closer to the heart. His fingertips lightly braze it, and Sherlock gasps, tenses for a moment, but doesn’t move away.
“I know we’re supposed to be competing today,” he says. “But I want you to know… I want you to be happy, and when you marry, you’ll have your best man standing right next to you.”
“Stop quarrelling, ladies,” Lestrade instructs. “The library is closed.”
“He was fascinating, and so handsome, but now I can’t see him anymore.”
Also: the end. Hope you enjoyed it :)
He’s exhausted from the long run upstairs, yet thrilled. Happy. He solved the case. He’s going to save everyone. They can go home, perhaps.
John swallows. It’s weird to watch them standing there, actually. To any outsider, they’d look like mother and child. Like a normal family.
Almost immediately, Sherlock slips next to John, hands folded behind his back as if he’s working. He’s not looking at him, but at Mary, a few feet further, getting powdered once again. John wonders if he’s ever seen her real face.
Sherlock looks up, almost business-like, as if they’re talking about a deal. John stares for a few seconds.
John swallows hard. “They’d wired your room. But not… not the balcony. That was me, not a policeman. And I hid the Bible, where the recording device was. I…”
“That’s against the rules,” Jonathan Smalls says.
Not quite abandoned, however.
“What in gay hell is going on here?” Miss Vanjie says. “What’s the police doing here? That parking ticket was paid for; you have no jurisdiction here, bitch!”
“It's just different”, Sherlock says.
Sherlock can’t even hold his gaze. Coward.
John stares at him. Then he fumbles in his right trouser pocket, takes out his wallet and slips out a small folded envelope. He opens it and a lock of brown hair falls on the table, between them.
“H - hard,” Sherlock says. “Use me like your little fuck toy.”
John relaxes. Barely.
“I won’t,” Sherlock’s voice sounds raspy. He puts his hands underneath his buttocks and stares at John for a long time.
“... get outta here, Sherlock”, he hears Victor say. Does Sherlock need his help? And are they standing very close?
John scrapes his - Sherlock’s - throat.
Moriarty smiles like the Cheshire Cat and caresses the laser. “I really wanted to try this new toy. It’s not personal. It’s the future. And you’re… not.”
John looks down, feeling heat rush to his cheeks. But before he can fix it, Sherlock takes a few steps towards him, standing suddenly uncomfortably close, and, while maintaining eye contact with Tan, Sherlock zips up John slowly.
“Why does winning mean so much to you?” the veteran asks suddenly.
is the villain of the season.
Sherlock breathes out rather erratically.
Mycroft sighs. “It’s getting late, you’ve had enough… excitement for one day. And you’re actually quite near Paris. I’m booking you a hotel, and sending a car to pick you up. Don’t bother sending me your coordinates - Eurostar already called those in to the French police.”
Sherlock walks up to Mycroft and grabs his violin case from under his chair. Mycroft shoots him a meaningful look. Next to him, Harry leans over and whispers something in his ear. What on earth are those two bonding over? Mycroft shakes his head. John sure hopes she didn’t bring her weed stash.
“Can’t we just pull a Kim Chi on him?” She-lock suggests, trying to mold John into a dancing shape. “Just put her in a large gown, make an immobile head out of her and let the background dancers do the work. Oh Pit Crew...?”
“Fifty.”
“Your walking cane, your whale spear, your gun, your fire extinguisher, your sword, your flashlight, your crossbow bolt, your graduated cylinder…”
Well.
“You look as related as Aquaria and Miz Cracker,” Brooke Lynn says.
That catches John’s attention.
Jonathan holds John’s chin. “How much time do you spend on yourself in the morning, on an average day? I know you have a baby to take care of, but just give yourself five minutes to take care of this beautiful skin, darling. Some simple creams will do. And also, it’s important to give yourself a nice shave. Put that finger on that Adam’s apple.”
She-lock is not taking her queerbait. “I never came for you, Michelle.”
“Well. Eurostar might have… banned us.”
“Someone wants to kill you?” John asks.
“I suppose this is it,” John says, getting up.
“Next thing you know we’re going to be finding Dita Von Teese’s body in the Gold Bar,” She-lock mumbles.
“You have to face reality, sis,” Latrice says.
Previously on RuPaul's Drag Race... All the outfits were judged. Ru asked which of the queens should be eliminated. Lestrade said: She-lock. *gasps*
“Of course,” Sherlock says, and he pulls out his cellphone and starts typing.
Or no, better still: Sherlock is no longer allowed to accompany him, anywhere.
beautiful, Sherlock”, John says, and in that moment he's not Victor at all, but John Watson, wondering if they'd better stop, if this is too unhealthy. “I thought so from the moment I met you, when I saw you at Saint Bart's”, he says, to make sure Sherlock knows it's him, not Victor, who likes him, who might even –
a comeback. I need my story rewritten just like Daenerys was robbed of her dragons and character development. That’s right, I’m Shangela Stormborn, the Mad Queen. I need a petition by all the viewers to demand justice from Logo TV or Netflix or wherever we are right now. Baby. I’ve been living off some snacks I brought...”
“You’re going to do wonders for ratings, and whatever it is you’re doing, keep at it.”
-Rolaskatox: a season 5 ‘mean girl’ alliance between drag queens Roxxy, Alaska and Detox
No, he should stop thinking about his first love.
Sherlock winces. He doesn’t take his eyes off his book, though he is clearly only pretending to read. But John is not going to insist. If the man wants to sit at the desk all night, who is he? The Reading Police?
-Sprepper: unattractive
“I’m just here to check up on your progress, ladies,” Ru says.
“You’ve never experimented?”
Sherlock drags the man a bit further out of sight while John stands up on shaky legs.
As he slowly lowers her limp body to the floor, he looks at Sherlock disapprovingly. “This was a terrible strategy,” he says.
Carefully, Sherlock looks at him through half-closed eyelashes. “Please John. It was…. interesting. What you did.”
“Why did you kill yourself
John Watson will not betray his trust.
Sherlock stops in his tracks. “Yes, of course. Did he seem gay to you, John?”
Jonathan Wilson simply stares at him for ten seconds. Then he turns to Janine. “Leave, I’d like to speak with him alone.”
“They’re not,” Sherlock grumbles - John smiles. Not yet in enough mortal danger to not be a dick about it.
Then Mycroft had hung up. And John had gone back to the note. He is not good. He’s not good. Not. good.
“Shall we, then?” Sherlock asks, motioning inside.
“You’ve… shaved your legs?” She-lock asks. She hasn’t felt this shocked since Roxxxy Andrews landed in the top four.
“You’ve been in the army,” Sherlock says. “Stop, I’m deducing.”
The four remaining suitors are standing in a row while Mary explains the day’s activity. They’re in Chessington, a theme park just outside London that houses various rides and zoo animals.
John, slightly surprised, parts his mouth. Jonathan’s tongue laps at him. Their tongues feel each other out, graze lips, find each other again. It’s wet, dirty, a little wild. Jonathan is skilled, there’s no denying. And John kisses back. But it feels like a performance, empty, a television show.
John touches the edges of the suitcase with shaking hands, then quickly hides them in his pockets. He breathes out unsteadily.
I hope so much you guys enjoyed this chapter.
Speaking of. He never thought men would look good with mascara, but he must reconsider.
panicked when she found a pair of drag queen boobs under her hotel room pillow, stabbed to deflation.
“So?” John asks. “They’re not dead.”
There’s a brief pause before they both snort and have a giggle. Their chests shake. John wipes a some moisture from his eyes.
Thanks for following along this crazy story with me, it makes me SO happy to see it resonate with you guys.
“No”, Sherlock says out loud, shaking his head as if it will force his earpiece to fall out.
When he arrives, John startles. It’s so beautiful. Bobby’s really outdone himself and created an amazing room for Rosie. The wallpaper is light blue with pink, blooming flowers, there are open shelves with toys on them, there’s a little desk she can use as she grows older. Her white, neat bed is adaptable as she grows, the sheets are colorful and happy. A perfect girls’ room.
Sherlock looks up from the desk where he’s been staring into his microscope. He’s wearing his blue dressing gown - over a suit, at least. John has been urging him all day to put on some proper clothes, and this is their compromise.
John.
It’s John Watson, who’s jumped down from the work table, and is now standing perfectly still and incredibly… threatening. He’s not taking his eyes off Phi Phi.
But she’s not going to play their game.
Phi Phi rolls her eyes at her. “Ugh, I can’t believe I won’t get the villain edit because there’s a literal murderer present,” she complains.
“Don't be absurd, John.” Sherlock scoffs. “I'll have found the killer by the first commercial break.”
“I - I don’t.”
Now only he and Bainbridge remain. Bainbridge is holding back sobs already, silently shaking with humiliation. Janine has threatened him with about three lawsuits to stay for this charade.
“The Bible?”
Frodo, no.
They’re awfully quiet in the cab ride.
It’s…  the keys to the handcuffs.
,” Lestrade holds up a memory stick. “It contains footage of your future boyfriend, Sherlock.”
short, so…”
“Um, yes. How can I help you? You didn’t eat the baguette, did you?”
Sherlock looks surprised. “I couldn’t involve you, Moriarty would know.”
But no. His parents are not attending. He’s still feeling slightly injured about it as he walks up to the church. But there, to his pleasant surprise, a large crowd has started to gather.
“Too firm?”
“Oh?”
The cameramen don’t know whether to stay or to follow. Whether to be scared or to be excited.
“So”, he says to break the ice. He puts his arm awkwardly around Sarah again, even though he's still holding the sticky spoon as well. “What kind of student was Sherlock?”
“A producer Irene hired,” Sherlock says. “Janine really was just making reality television. Sadly, we can’t arrest her for that.”
Suddenly, John feels alarm bells going off. They’re not trying to fix him up with Molly, are they? She did sign him up for this show, after all. Not to… Not to craft him into the perfect husband, he hopes?
Something dark crosses Phi Phi’s face. She steps closer. She-lock can feel her breath almost on her upper lip. “Speaking of international reputations…” Phi Phi says. “How does it feel to be the only unfuckable drag queen in the world?”
John feels his eyes prickling. “But I thought you might want this.”
“Yes?” Sherlock leans forward, almost crossing the small space between them over the wonky wooden table. If there was ever an inner voice telling him to hide his enthusiasm about murder, it is now long silenced.
Sherlock stands dead still. “What things?” His voice trembles.
The sound guy conveniently lowers his stick over their heads.
“Right. This’ll do.”
-Snatch Game: a RuPaul challenge where queens impersonate celebrities during a parody of The Match Game
(See the end of the chapter for
“Now go find your man,” Irene orders. “And wipe him out.”
“Disneyland Paris… does this mean we’re in Paris?”
John awkwardly glances at the woman. She blinks back owlishly, then manages a flirty wink.
Clearly Secret Service.
Sherlock enters and takes in his surroundings. Smelly mattresses, empty syringes, stains - most likely pee - and small cracks that let in a bit of sunlight. He points to one, weirdly festive candle. “Squat goals!”
allowed to drink.”
press his lips against the scar in Sherlock’s neck. He dares not remove them. If he removes his lips, it becomes a kiss. Now it is just this - a connection. Sealed.
What kind of question is that?
John’s breathing hitches. “It
“I couldn’t not tell them.”
I realise this was a key chapter. You're either gonna love it or hate it. If you hate it, that's okay. But remember: you don't have to comment, and if you do, please be nice/respectful. I am a real person with feelings, just living my life giving up almost all my free time to write this story for you.
“What?” Antoni frowns.
“I hope you’re ready for a lip-syncing eleganza extravaganza,” Todrick says. “We’re going to be doing one long, uninterrupted…”
Sherlock zips up the suitcase - forgetting about all essentials, including the facial cream Jonathan would want him to pack - and moves past John, out the door.
“Well…,” John fills the silence, weighing his words carefully. “What do you usually do with an erection?”
All over the front page of
“Oh, it’s you. Sherlock’s PA.”
“What should I do?”
But perhaps Sherlock had indeed softened during his exile. Maybe the beatings during captivity had failed to harden him. On the contrary.
Sherlock cleared his throat and met John’s gaze head-on.
“So…case then?” he asked, and Sherlock could detect a hint of genuine interest underneath whatever burden was currently bowing John’s shoulders. He hummed in agreement, seizing on the safe topic. He scrolled back through his text messages to read the information Lestrade had sent over after he hung up.
“I’m sorry.”
John.
He is pretty sure the paramedics were discussing John's condition on the ride here, but Sherlock hadn't absorbed anything.
The two men sit with each other as the afternoon sun turns to an evening glow. Sherlock's tremors eventually subside. He blinks his eyes open and fixes his gaze on his lap. He squeezes John's wrist in thanks and withdraws the hand to wrap his arms around his drawn-up knees. John stays sitting by his side, not moving or speaking.
Sherlock’s face performed a complicated contortion that Sherlock’s half-turned position mostly concealed from John. “A while,” he hedged, clearly not wanting to elaborate.
Sherlock’s feet shuffle. He stands next to the bed looking anywhere but at John.
“Where were you?"
Stephen whimpers at the loss of contact as well and moves around the bed to stand at John’s head. John strokes Stephen’s cock twice before Sherlock thrusts into his ready hole. John’s chest hitches for a moment before his entire body relaxes into the soothing pleasure of Sherlock fucking him.
She is surprisingly gentle, understanding that Sherlock wants to help but can't reclaim his place at John's side. Not anymore. John has a wife now. A wife who is already at his side. No room for best friend consulting detectives. She pats his cheek and presses a small silver key into his palm. The sight of the inoffensive object makes his chest burn. John had given Mrs. Hudson a spare key. Sherlock has never even seen the house.
The city is busy this time of day and it takes him thirty-five minutes to reach the school. It takes another 12 minutes to check in through the school’s security protocols. By the time Rosie is paged to the headmaster’s office, it’s gone one. Sherlock wishes he had paid better attention to Rosie’s schedule. Maybe she’s not got bio until this afternoon. He doesn’t hold out much hope.
“Excuse me?”
“Why would that be confidential?”
Sherlock raised his glass and took a sip without looking at it. “Earthy,” he commented dryly. He knew M would expect gratitude for granting him the indulgence of a sip of wine, and he had no intention of complying. The single word answer would anger him as well.
“Dull,” Sherlock muttered before steepling his hands under his chin and gazing resolutely at the ceiling. John smiled to himself. The prat really could be an enormous child sometimes. He finished rinsing off the sauce pan, gave it a wipe, and left it on the side to dry off.
He feels John’s pulse quickening in his grip. Has he been holding his hand too long? Sherlock quickly releases it.
“It's a murder mystery. Sounds right up our alley, doesn't it?” John takes his cellphone and searches for Sarah's number. How do you phrase something like that?
As Latrice’s cackle thunders through the loudspeakers, John checks the queen’s file. 47 years old, currently residing in Hollywood. Placed fourth in season four. Served time in prison for drug possession.
John nearly comes right then and there. He removes his fingers and wipes them on the bedsheets, then moves his body upward. John wants to encompass this whole man, make him feel safe and protected, yet ravage him at the same time. He puts the tip of his cock against his hole, and rubs it up and down, until he enters the stretched anus a little bit, and then he retracts, making Sherlock moan and beg and rut against the bed. He then repeats the same motion, entering shortly, then retracting again, and it's almost too bloody much for him to handle.
“But you—” I trail off, unsure exactly what it is I want to say.
I pause in the act of buttering a piece of toast. “You don’t mean to tell me your client actually came straight out and said he was an invert!”
spent with him, but it is not forced upon me as military service was.  I wonder if my experiences in the military have somehow tainted me, led me to have continued desires for my own sex.  Do my former comrades now suffer I do?  Or, as Ellis suggests, is this some innate fault?  There is, of course, nobody I can consult about this.  Holmes frequently has hitherto hidden stores of knowledge, and he has always displayed a dispassionate interest in details, seldom making biased judgments of his own, but I still do not dare share my thoughts on this matter.    However, I admit to being surprised at how readily he involved himself with a case for a pair of sodomites, and, far from dismissing the invert who had approached him, is now going so far as to learn more about that hidden culture.
“I could see you had a need that required fulfillment,” he says simply.  “Since you had kindly gone beyond the bounds of our usual friendship in order to tend to my needs, there was no question but that I do the same for you.”
For long moments I am aware only of the aftershocks of pleasure, and then I am drawing in long, gasping breaths, sated and exhausted, although it was Sherlock who expended most of the effort.  He has collapsed back to the pillows and his face is inches from mine as I finally open my eyes again.
“Only to warm you,” I protest.  “Not to–”  I feel a blush heating my cheeks.  “Not to … offer you pleasure.  Please,” I add, seeing him shake his head.  “It is only fair.”
“I hope my performance was satisfactory?” he asks, and I nod languidly.  My hand reaches out, gently strokes his face, then down the side of his body, but when I reach for his cock, he gently pushes my hand away.  “You have already seen to my needs today,” he says.
Holmes takes an absent bite of his egg, then sets his spoon down again.  “It remains to be seen,” he says once he’s swallowed.  He tosses his napkin back onto the table.  “I have other leads to pursue in the meantime.  Have you patients to see to-day?”
He hums in acknowledgment but does not cease or even pause in his ministrations.  Indeed, the vibrations of his hum only serve to increase the pleasurable sensations even further, and moments later the climax is upon me.  My muscles contract and I cry out in wordless bliss as I spend myself into his mouth.
Holmes is, of course, supremely unconcerned with the appropriateness of his reading material.  “I had a gentleman in here yesterday while you were off seeing patients; he is trying to locate his lover.  This book,” he indicates with a nod, “may give me some insight on the missing man’s psyche.”
Sherlock sets his book down on a small side table, looking suddenly serious.  “John,” he begins, and I again note the use of my name.  “I’m afraid I must make myself plain.”
I confess I have never sought to learn more, myself, despite my growing feelings.  To do so would have been to admit that there was something different, something wrong with me, which I have not, until recently, had the courage to admit even to myself.  I read Dr. Ellis’ publication once Holmes is finished with it, claiming professional interest; it is clear that Dr. Ellis’ maintains the common view that such attractions are undesirable, but he also takes the unusual position in believing that they are innate rather than a choice and, as such, should not be treated as a criminal activity.  Ellis makes several other notable observations as well.  I therefore begin to pay more attention to my surroundings, noticing the green carnations and, occasionally, a brilliant peacock feather bedecking otherwise ordinary-looking gentlemen I pass and realizing that, although such cases are still fairly rare, there are more than I have previously realized.  Although I refrain from involving myself in their society, it makes me feel slightly less alone.
“Me? Good god, he’ll need to be resuscitated just from the sight of your chiseled chest.”
Sherlock's eyes go wide with arousal and anticipation, but John takes his time nipping and sucking his way up Sherlock's other, heretofore ignored, thigh. By the time John's mouth is sucking a bruise into Sherlock's iliac crest, the detective is begging and dripping pre-come onto John's chest.
Sherlock pulls his hair in exasperation before settling a disproving glare at John.
“Oi. Enough of your snark. You were so lovely when you got home. Cuddles and secret plans. Have you used up your store of civility for the night?”
“I should have realized what was happening before I downed the spiked drink, but I was already high.” He felt shame well up inside of him, and he deliberately did not look in John’s direction. “Everything was bright and fast, and I didn’t care because it was all such a relief. I was an idiot.”
Sherlock whines and dives down to suck John’s cock into his eager mouth. He pants around John’s throbbing erection and slides a second finger in alongside the first. He stretches John carefully and adds a delicious twist of his fingers on each out stroke. John is thrusting steadily back on each stroke and pumping up into his mouth. Stephen’s moans are growing high and needy as he lowers his own hand beneath Sherlock’s to fondle his balls. With a final flick of his wrist, Sherlock withdraws and watches John’s hole spasm greedily at the sudden emptiness. The man himself growls and bends at the waist, to pull Sherlock down on top of him.
John flushed with indignation. “Sherlock is much more capable than you give him credit for, Mycroft. He’ll tell me what I need to know. Anything else is his to do with what he likes.”
"Milk. Two sugars. I'll be in the sitting room."
