For the rest of Dean’s lunch break, they chatted. They found out they liked the same servers and had similar tastes in races although Dean tended to play melee and WaywardAngel preferred to play healers. Dean eventually had to go back to work but they agreed to connect later on World of Warcraft.
Castiel quickly obliged. After a moment he crooked his fingers and pressed against Dean’s prostate and the bigger man cried out and bucked back. Castiel hit that spot a few more times until Dean was an incoherent mess. “Are you ready for me Dean?”
Castiel snorted and pinched Dean’s thigh. “Asshole. Yea, then too I guess.”
WaywardAngel: yess. He was im our bed dee
WaywardAngel: Me too.
He should have brought Dean with him. As soon as he thought that, he got angry. He was a grown man. He shouldn’t have to take a chaperone to the doctor’s office with him. Fuming, he pulled out his phone and wrote a scathing Google review of the clinic. Feeling mildly better, he vowed to never let someone speak to him that way again and went back to work.
Ellen came in with aspirin and water. He thanked her and took the pills before putting his head back on the pillow. This was ridiculous. He didn’t have dementia. Remembering his husband’s advice to not panic until he knew anything for sure, Castiel did his best to relax and try to sleep. He and Dean were going to have a long talk when he got home.
“Alfie stepped in. Said he agreed with Hannah. And then Jo started in on him and Ellen came in too. Sam said they got pretty loud. Jo was about to punch your cousins and Meg wasn’t far behind.”
“Exactly.”
“I’ll ask around. Cas, right?”
Oh shit. How the hell was he gonna explain this? “H-hey Cas. Um… I was just… well…” any second now he was going to burst into flames. He was blushing so fiercely, he could see the color creeping down his chest in the mirror. He sifted his weight, but that caused his dick to pop out of the side of the panties since he was still a little hard. Cas’s eyes zeroed in on it and Dean watched the beautiful blue disappearing as they dilated.
Bright blue eyes studied him and for a moment, Dean thought he wouldn’t return the greeting. It only took a few more seconds for him to offer his own hand. “Hello, Dean. I’m Castiel.”
Dean reached over and laced their fingers together. “Because you’re my best friend Cas. And… I- I care about you.”
“If you mock Star Wars, I can’t be friends with you guys,” she said sternly.
Dean stared at the floor and rubbed the back of his neck. “Something kinda happened after we left yesterday…”
“Yes. The cardiologist couldn’t see me until next month but the neurologist has a spot open next week. I’m glad it’s during lunch. Adler was irritated enough I had to leave early for the appointment today.”
Bi-weekly visits with Mr. Rocha and Ms. Aranda turned into weekly visits midway through their stay. The visits were quick, just a simple check to make sure everyone was adjusting well. The fact that they’d recently had their last appointment with them was a relief. Whatever progress Max had made seemed to vanish the second the two walked through the door. He became nervous and clingy and didn’t recover for several hours after they left. Castiel was glad they never tried to separate the children for private interviews. Poor Max would probably have had a panic attack.
Balthazar threw his head back and laughed. “Anything for you, my friend. Now, let’s go day drinking!”
They walked towards the exit together. “Don’t worry, I won’t out ya. No one would mind though. You know that, right?”
Right?
“Oui, books.”
Castiel let out a shuddering breath. He hadn’t been that angry in a long time. He had all but forgotten the other man when he felt a hand on his shoulder. “Hey man. You ok?” Dean had settled next to him on the bench and was looking at him in concern.
Refusing to be cowed, Castiel straightened his shoulders and stood to his full height. He quirked a brow and kept his face in a mask of polite confusion. “Did you lose something Dean? Maybe a kind Samaritan found whatever you lost and mailed it back to you. Have you checked your mail recently?”
How long had those been there?!
They settled into bed with their laptop and pulled the e-mail back up. Castiel was a little nervous about the children they may have matched them with. Although it wasn’t said outright by the agency, he knew from his research that same sex couples were rarely matched with young, healthy children right away. Getting a little baby with no health issues was considered a pipe dream unless you wanted to wait several years. They were more likely to get matched with older children, groups of siblings, or children with health conditions. Castiel would be lying if he said he was completely fine with taking on a sick child. He knew he would love whatever child they took into their home, but he was a natural worrier. He felt like he’d drive himself crazy thinking about everything that could go wrong. However, he also knew that he was about to fall in love with each and every little face he was about to see.
Gabriel stopped as Ellen shouted from behind them. Castiel finally wiggled free of his brother’s grasp and turned to face the older woman. She stood slack-jawed, holding a large bag which he assumed contained their dinner. Her eyes teared up and she swallowed thickly before speaking. “Were you two finally approved?”
Dicks. More fucking dicks.
“So, he’s gay? That’s all?” What the hell?
His other doctor came back to tell him his results. He said he had mild hearing loss in the low tones which was unusual because hearing loss starts with the high tones first. He also said his wife (who was apparently the audiologist) reported that he seemed to be missing things on purpose. He scolded him for trying to fake a hearing loss, told him to stop being so dramatic, and said he should probably see a psychiatrist. Castiel left the office mortified and cried for twenty minutes in his car.
Castiel met Dean in their Junior year of college. He was working on his Accounting degree while Dean was getting his in Engineering. They had the same Greek Lit class as an elective. The minute Dean swaggered into that lecture hall for the first time with his leather jacket and his bowed legs, Castiel was lost. He pined over him for two weeks until Dean sat next to him in class one day. With a boyish grin he leaned over and said, “Hey, blue eyes. Wanna see a movie later?” Castiel froze and Dean chuckled and threw him a wink. Four years later, they were married.
roll his ‘r’s) and vocabulary limited, but Castiel was impressed with his determination.
Castiel internally bristled. Naomi was a shark and it was an unspoken agreement on the block to never reveal more to her than was strictly necessary. The woman lived to try and twist the bylaws whenever possible so she could fine her fellow neighbors. “He’s good. I met him properly yesterday. He’s very nice and I think he fits in well here.”
Maybe he didn’t read too much. Maybe—
“I know right? When we review this place, we’re gonna have to mention this book.”
Sam bit his lip as he tried to keep a straight face. “Hi Alicia.” He side whispered to Castiel, “Oh my God that was too cute.”
Dean smiled tightly as he tried to hide his displeasure. “Thank you so much for meeting us today Ms. Montes. We’ll see you soon.”
“Mom cheated on you?”
Dean blushed and let out a cough. “Wow Cas…”
He managed to ignore Cas for the next two hours. With thirty minutes until the market closed, Dean started to pack up. He wanted to be able to leave the second he could. Cas had been trying harder and harder to get his attention but had been unable to leave his booth unattended to physically come over. He’d even called Dean’s cell a few times which Dean pretended not to notice. With five minutes to go, Dean was about to leave anyway when Cas appeared in front of him.
Ellen nodded. “Of course. You better get outta here then. Oh, I’m so excited! You better call me later with more details.”
A knock on the door interrupted her. They turned to see his mother and Sam coming in the door. Behind Sam, standing a little too close, was Becky. “Hi Dean! It’s so sweet you’re getting Castiel a puppy! Could you guys get any more adorable?!” Dean was glad the puppy couldn’t hear her, or he knew that the pitch of Becky’s voice would have startled her.
Then the gifts started. Many of Castiel’s cousins couldn’t make it but sent gift cards in the mail. Gabriel got the kids a large wooden play kitchen and an Easy Bake oven. Sam got them books, CDs, and DVDs, all with English and French versions. Bobby and Ellen got a jungle gym for the backyard and Jo got the matching sandbox. Benny and Andrea got them play food for the new kitchen. Garth brought a large pack of hot wheels and a racetrack. Jesse and Cesar gifted them an art station complete with supplies. Meg brought two big boxes of Legos. Alfie got a variety of costumes and props for playing dress-up.
Castiel made a noise of distress and held his arms open to his eldest. She accepted the hug and tucked her head under his chin. “It’s alright sweetheart. Daddy and I aren’t mad at you. Nobody else is either. They know you’re learning. You’re doing so well meeting all these new people. Just try your best and if you don’t feel like using English, that’s ok. Papa understands you and Daddy is getting better. Even uncle Sam is learning and uncle Gabe speaks some too remember?”
“Love you too.”
Claire shot him a disbelieving look. “You really should mind your own business.”
“How about I show you tonight? After we have dinner?” The man’s eyes travelled up and down Dean’s body.
*WaywardAngel has unfriended you*
Dean hauled another basket of apples out of the bed of his pickup to place on the table situated under a banner that read ‘Winchester Farm’. It was just after six AM; less than an hour until the market was due to open. The sun was just peeking over the horizon, but Dean had already worked up a good sweat unloading his truck. He normally had Sam or Eileen helping him, but the baby had colic and had kept them up most of the night. He pulled out a handkerchief to wipe his brow and noticed Castiel pulling up to his space.
Dean huffs in relief. He can hardly believe this is happening. Then again, maybe he’s still dreaming. Better enjoy it while he can. “You know me. Just bursting with self-esteem.”
“Hello Dean.”  His husband’s voice had deepened further in arousal and Dean had to repress a shiver. “I see you opened your gift without me.”
Alicia finally seemed to recognize him and gave a little wave. “Bonjour Gunckle Sam.”
“I can do that.” He felt a kiss on the top of his head. They sat in silence for a few minutes. “Hey, Cas?”
Dean grinned. “Like the cloud?”
“Hey Dean.” He about jumped out of his skin when Jo spoke behind him. “Have a nice chat with Castiel?” She smirked at him.
Jack was a quiet child and he got along well with Max. His mother Kelly had moved them in with her parents a few months ago. Her parents were older and Castiel and Dean had started helping them out several years back. They took turns cutting the grass or shoveling snow if needed. They’d gotten to know the couple pretty well and that came to include Kelly and Jack. Castiel wasn’t sure, but he suspected she came from a bad relationship. She didn’t talk much and acted nervous around him and Dean the first few times they met. She’d warmed up some but still tended to shrink in on herself if she was alone with either of them. Since Jo or Ellen were there every day, she’d gotten closer to them as well and it was plain to see how much more confident she felt around the other women.
“True. I can see the appeal though. This is very satisfying.”
What the hell?
“Well, I have a few other things going on with me. One of them is POTS.” At his confused look, she explained. “Postural Orthostatic Tachycardia Syndrome. Normally, when you stand up from a seated position, your body compensates so your blood doesn’t pool in your legs. That little system is kinda screwed up for me. If I stand too quickly or for too long, the blood pools in my legs and not enough gets to my brain. My body tries to fix it by raising my heart rate. Causes me to almost pass out. Falcon here can tell when my heart rate climbs too high. He alerts me and helps keep me upright if I feel faint.”
Was this guy for real? Did he just send an eco-friendly insult? Dean wasn’t sure if he should be annoyed or impressed.
Max, of course, was very apprehensive around all the new people and spent the entire time in either Castiel or Dean’s arms with his face buried in their chests. Alicia was quieter than usual but quickly got used to everyone and was soon roping a variety of her new relatives into playing with her. Patience was very outgoing and it was obvious she was doing her best to make a good impression. Unfortunately, the more people she met and the harder she tried, the more her English slipped back into French, which then caused her to become irritated with herself.
Castiel could never ask for a better father for their kids than Dean. He was attentive, involved, and never hesitated to volunteer for school activities or extracurriculars. Dean always made himself available to their kids in a way his father never did for him and Sam.
“You don’t have to look so happy about someone threatening me Cas.”
sometimes. That’s it. Just let me be mad every now and then. You’re right, you can’t fix it. I don’t need you to. Just help me up after I fall.”
Dean sagged and sat on the edge of the bed staring at his hands. “Then tell me what to do. I don’t know what to do for you Cas. I’ve been trying to hold us together. Trying to stay positive for you. These last few months have been hell.” His husband looked up at him, eyes shining with tears. “I love you so much, and I can’t… I see you suffering and I can’t
“So I guess I gotta get used to you huh?”
“Course not.” Castiel missed the worried look he shared with Gabriel in the rearview mirror. “It’s probably just the flu. Docs will get some fluids in you and you’ll be good as new.”
“Of course she does. You’re her dad. Divorce is hard and kids get angry. Your ex isn’t helping matters, but she won’t be a kid forever. She’ll figure it out and come around.”
After he placed a kiss on Castiel’s neck, Dean nudged him back under the spray to wash the suds away. Castiel closed his eyes and just enjoyed the sensations of his husband’s fingers moving across his skin. The previous arousal that had flagged as he became more relaxed quickly started to come back at the first brush against his cock. Dean took hold of his dick and gave it a few gentle pumps. His eyes shot open and Castiel moaned as he leaned closer into Dean’s space. His cock continued to harden and he gripped Dean’s shoulder as one particular twist of the wrist sent a bolt of pleasure through his body. He tried to bring the other man closer, but Dean brushed him off and dropped to his knees before wrapping his lips around Castiel’s length.
Dean went numb. He would never have that with Cas. He may not know what Cas wanted in a partner, but he knew that he loved his bees more than anything. Dean tried to listen when he spoke about them. He loved that Cas loved the insects but he just couldn’t muster the same enthusiasm and participation in the conversation that Cain could. He felt his eyes water and blinked away tears just as Castiel looked up at him. He smiled warmly, but Dean ducked his head and busied himself with straightening his produce. He could feel Cas’s stare on him, but he refused to look up.
Dean blushed a little and stared out the still-open front door. “Well, yea. I know you like to keep the pranks as eco-friendly as possible or whatever,” he finished with a mumble.
Dean shifted to his side and pulled Castiel into his arms while being careful of the IV. He sniffed and grabbed a tissue from the table near the bed. “You uh, what do you remember?”
Holy. Shit. The man bent and twisted and jumped and undulated so sinuously, Dean couldn’t help but imagine how he would move in the bedroom. The muscles of his legs were clearly visible through the thin fabric of his tights and Dean watched as they bunched and stretched. How someone as sculpted as this specimen before him could make such delicate movements look effortless, he would never be able to understand. Dean had seen plenty of male performers, but none like Castiel. The man danced with such passion; his face set in an expression of pure rapture. He was stunning to behold.
Cas is looking at his computer.
Claire looked confused. “But… mom told me you only liked men. That’s why you left isn’t it?”
For several minutes, the two men couldn’t stop laughing. Every now and then a word would slip out related to one prank or another and the laughter would start all over again. By the time they were able to calm down, they’d both collapsed to the floor and Castiel’s stomach was actually in a bit of pain.
Castiel nodded. “She’s militant, Dean. Most of us try to avoid her at all costs. Whatever you say, she’ll find a way to twist it.”
Castiel tried to recall the past few days. “We had the party and I wasn’t feeling well… Dean! Where are the kids?”
He was almost afraid to ask, “Um, will this impair me in any way?”
Castiel smiled widely. “Only if I’m with good company.”
The original file on the children had contained some details on the kids’ birth parents, but Jaqueline had additional information for them. The father, Nicholas, had immigrated to the north of Brazil in his late teens. He then worked as a customs agent at the port in Belém. He had no siblings and his parents had never left French Guiana. All attempts to locate them had been unsuccessful. Their mother, Rosine, had been a nurse. She had immigrated to Brazil with her brother and when contacted, he had declined to take the children and informed the agency that they had no other relatives. At some point after Nicholas’s death, Rosine was diagnosed with cancer and moved to Recife for better treatment options. Unfortunately, her cancer was very aggressive and there was not much they could do for her.
“But it’s her first birthday with us…”
She smiled serenely at him. “Ok, dear.”
“Bloody bastard.”
Dean looked down at the floor. “Not since you talked to her last weekend. Kinda worried about her actually.”
Dammit. “Right. Um… that was kind of private.”
“What the--”
Underneath the note telling him to
“No Gabe. We’re not fighting. Everything is fine.”
“Nah. This is family stuff.”
“Yes, but I’d like to keep some macho points before I turn into a flaming queen.”
Castiel frowned and read over the form. He sucked in a breath as he caught the mistake. An errant decimal point had lowered the total of one of their accounts by almost thirty-two million dollars. “I am so sorry sir. These aren’t due just yet. I’ll go over everything again to confirm this is the only error.”
The man waved cheerfully before ducking back into his house. Castiel placed the box on the seat next to Max and the boy stared at the little creature all the way home.
“Will do. Later Jerk.”
“Why would your friend want to meet me?” She looked between the two of them before rolling her eyes. “Are you dating him?”
: Hey Castiel. You watch any of the movies yet?
Letting out a nervous chuckle, Dean explained, “Actually, I ordered a pair of underwear too. Same color and everything, except they didn’t have the lace. Thought this was them.”
Castiel shoulders slumped. Dean took over. “What causes this?”
“Can’t. I can’t go in that room.”
“Exactly what you’ve been doing. You can probably do without the diuretic long-term if you watch your diet. I’d like you to start vestibular rehab as soon as possible. It’s like physical therapy for your balance system. You’re not too unsteady right now, but that could change and the VR will help you manage that. I also want you to come in monthly for the next few months so we can see how your ear pressure is doing. We’ll redo your hearing test in six months. You do have mild hearing loss, but I don’t think hearing aids would be beneficial yet.”
“Yea, well. That’s what family’s for right?”
Dean’s eyes grew wide. He looked over his shoulder to check Cas was out of earshot. “We’re not. We’re just friends.”
Dean’s answering smile looked relieved. He gave Castiel’s hand a soft squeeze before letting go to unbuckle his seatbelt. “Let’s go. Don’t wanna be late.”
WaywardAngel: I know. Just enjoying the irony.
Impala67: is he still there?
He received a wide smile in return. “I know. You’re such a good man, Dean. So good to me.”
“Likewise.” They stood in awkward silence for a few moments before Castiel asked, “Are you settling in ok?”
“I assumed you were flirting.”
Castiel cleared his throat and pulled his hand back. “So, um, Claire mentions Ben often. They seem to get along well.”
They said their goodbyes and hung up. Dean made some quick calls to his mother and brother to meet him at the shelter and told his boss he needed to leave early. He was so excited, he could barely concentrate for the rest of the day.
Dean looked at his friend in disbelief. “Cas, didn’t you hear me say I had a crush on you too?”
WaywardAngel: Wow. Just… even I’m not that nerdy.
Their kids were just fine and currently climbing on a nearby row of seats without a care in the world. Castiel and Dean had the forethought to get them tablets loaded with cartoons and games, plus coloring books and toys for the flights. But being small children, that only kept them occupied for so long. It was rare that all three were calm at a time. Usually, the moment one of them settled, another started acting out. Castiel was convinced they had worked out a system to drive their parents (and everyone else on the plane) crazy. Logically, he didn’t blame them. Children got bored easily and even trying to wear them out during layovers didn’t seem to help much. But that was hard to remember after the twentieth time Patience whined that she was bored. Or the thirty-fifth time Alicia yelled to be let out of her seat. Or the eighty-sixth time Max kicked the seat in front of him. After the glare the man leveled at him (somewhere around kick number fifty-two), Castiel was convinced the other passenger was secretly plotting revenge and would only be mildly surprised if the man ambushed him in a back alley someday.
“Yea, I kno—” Wait… what?
He walked up to the other man just as he got out of his own truck with ‘Novak Honey’ and some cartoon bees painted on the sides. “Hey Cas.”
“Oh man,” she gasped out. “You should’ve seen your face.” Jo was bent over with her hands on her knees, shaking with laughter.
He sighed in annoyance as he glared at the scrap of fabric in his hand. His thumb gently rubbed along the front and he lost himself for a moment in how soft it felt. Oh, that would feel glorious against his crotch. He gazed wistfully at the model on his computer screen. Those briefs hugged so nicely and looked so comfortable…
“Only sometimes.” He murmured. “Just, don’t tell anyone yet ok?”
“Well, he did take me on the ride after all. Least I could do. He’s not so bad. You picked a good one, dad.” The teen grabbed Castiel in a quick hug before pulling back. She blushed a bit and mumbled, “I gotta go to the bathroom. Be right back.”
“Then they were idiots. You are sweet and funny. I may be biased though. You did rescue me last weekend. Maybe I’m still seeing you as my knight in shining armor.” He grabbed at his chest and batted his eyes.
Castiel sat stunned. He would have never guessed his cousins would turn on him like this. He wasn’t as close to Hannah as he used to be, but they had always gotten along. And Alfie? They were very close. They saw each other all the time and talked frequently. He was upset enough that his doctors weren’t taking him seriously, but his own family? If someone as close as Alfie could think that, what about everyone else? Who would turn on him next? Meg? Ellen? Sam? …Dean?
References to domestic violence and minor character death
“Well, your labs looked good; your iron levels are normal. Have you been under extreme stress or feeling anxious about anything?”
Raphael didn’t finish his sentence. A fist came flying out from the doorway of the office they’d stopped in front of and slammed into the other man’s jaw. He hit the floor like a sack of bricks and groaned. Balthazar stepped out rubbing his knuckles.
“Well, I think it’s adorable.”
“Love you too, babe. So, what should we do today? Our first meeting isn’t until tomorrow afternoon.”
pair. The whole time, his thumb never stopped stroking the smooth underwear in his hand. He lifted them up and examined them closely. They really were pretty. Maybe he could…
Those in the bar were
Castiel noticed Max watching him intently in his peripheral vision, but didn’t want to risk startling him and kept his attention on Patience. She looked like she was trying to solve a difficult puzzle. “But- where’s the mommy?”
Impala67: alright im leaving now. need ur address
Balthazar waved a hand dismissively. “Psh! You’re no fun Cassie. And I promise, there will be no damage to your property… probably.”
Impala67: shit
“It’s not work if it’s true.”
He let out a choked gasp and bucked a little into Dean’s mouth. Castiel leaned against the shower wall and concentrated on keeping still while enjoying the wonderful feeling of his husband’s tongue running across the underside of his dick. One hand reached down to card his fingers through Dean’s hair while the other fruitlessly sought purchase on the tile. The other man reached up to grab Castiel’s hand and repositioned it to the side of his face. Understanding the unspoken permission, Castiel moved his remaining hand to the other side of Dean’s face and gently started thrusting. His husband hummed after a few seconds and gripped Castiel’s ass to pull him in deeper. “Unh! Dean!” He quickened his pace as he felt Dean relax his throat. The sight alone had his orgasm approaching quicker than he would like, but then his husband looked up at him with such a blissed-out expression that he had to pull back before he lost his tenuous hold on his control.
Dean’s expression crumpled. “They’ve been separated?”
Impala67: what? what happened?
Meanwhile, the Superbowl was reportedly one of the least-watched in years and was the lowest-scoring of all time. Not surprising when half the stores in the city seemed to be selling NFL voodoo dolls.
“I know. Poor little Max. I don’t even care if he never talks again Cas. I just hated to see him so scared.”
The twins fell asleep on the way and Castiel and Dean tucked them into their beds for a nap once they got to the house. Dean dragged the boxes of Halloween decorations from the garage and set them on the front porch before seeking out Castiel and Patience in the backyard. “Hey Cas, I put the decorations on the porch. Wanna get started?”
“You’re no fun. Alright, go home to your gorgeous husband. I’ll just be here working on
“Well, I could stay here or you could come back with me. Just until you figure things out.”
“You ok? Need an aspirin?” His husband rubbed a hand over his back while he studied Castiel’s face.
“Cas, for all his crap, he cares about you. He’s a good friend and would probably get upset if you didn’t ask him. Right?”
the ballet. Ever since he went with an ex-girlfriend to a local production of “The Nutcracker”, he’d been sneaking off on his own to watch performances and downloading ballet videos in secret. Sam would never let him live it down if he found out.
“Yes, this is my service horse. His name is Falcon.”
Castiel returned to the waiting room with a scowl on his face. He was still a little unsteady from his first rehab session and just wanted to get back home. He looked around the room until he found Balthazar by the reception desk flirting with another nurse. Jo had classes that day, so Ellen had to stay with the kids. He rolled his eyes and walked over to his friend.
“Don’t ‘ma’am’ me. You make me feel old.”
Dean eventually realized he had developed a little crush on Cas. Although he would never do anything to come between her and Balthazar (he wasn’t a homewrecker), he was finding it more and more difficult to hear her talk about him. Ever time she complained about something he said or did, Dean had to fight the urge to tell her to leave him. Balthazar sounded like a dick, but truthfully, he didn’t know enough about her relationship to give unbiased advice. For all he knew, Balthazar could be a swell guy and Cas just needed a friend to bitch to when she got annoyed with him. Cas was awesome and if she just wanted Dean as a friend, he’d be that for her.
He pushed those thoughts aside and cleared his throat. “Hey man, I didn’t mean anything by it. Of course, they’re awesome. I was just tryin to give my sister a compliment.”
“She said tumor, Dean!” Castiel yanked his hand away and covered his eyes.
Impala67: Cas, are u ok?
Cas shrugged. “It’s true.” He sighed and looked around. “I don’t know how I can stay here. This is MY house, but I keep seeing him everywhere. We picked out half of the furniture in here together. Ugh, Dee… what am I going to do?”
Castiel hummed. “That might be for the best. So… what did you two talk about?”
The doctor nodded and left the room. Castiel and Dean looked over the paperwork Dr. Adamson had given them and Dean found some websites on his phone. They talked about what they’d learned for a few minutes before the nurse came back.
“Is this all? Do they have anything from their parents?”
“Becky seems like a nice girl.”
“Dean, people discover late stage cancer all the time-”
The more he thought about it, the angrier he got. He’d worked hard and saved for years to buy his dream house. And now he’d barely been there for a week and he was already in trouble with the HOA? What kind of ass would report him for a damn barbeque? Fine. If that’s how his neighbor wanted to be, then Dean would give him a piece of his mind.
Without looking away from his best friend moaning on the ground, Dean quickly rinsed his hands of the raw beef he had been forming into hamburger patties. “One bottle of what? Beer?”
looking forward to the flight back.” He opened the fridge to find the cream. He was glad they paid the extra fee to have some groceries delivered before their arrival. Trying to navigate the new city to find food while they recovered from their travels would have been a nightmare. Castiel joined Dean at the little table and leaned over to look at the laminated pages his husband was leafing through. “What are you looking at?”
Jaqueline waited just inside the doors next to a small pile of garbage bags and boxes. “Good afternoon! The children are in the playroom. Would you like to take their things out first?” She pointed towards the sad little pile and Castiel’s stomach soured.
“He does that every time I’m afraid. They only see each other every few weeks.”
Anger flared deep in Castiel’s core. He was just told he might never get better and now this guy was dangling false hope in front of him? He didn’t need platitudes. He didn’t need the tease of a possible cure just after being told there wasn’t one. He couldn’t exactly shout at his doctor though. Castiel bit the inside of his cheek and gave himself a mental shake. “Thank you, Dr. Adamson. I appreciate all you’ve done for me.”
“SON OF A BITCH!!!”
Sam and Eileen got married five years prior and had two children together. The older girl, Mary, was four years old and was hearing. Their second daughter, Maura, was only two. Sam had been promoted to junior partner at his law firm and Eileen was still teaching and was also assistant director at the deaf center.
Castiel sighed in relief when she was out of earshot. That was close. Now all he had to do was figure out a way to talk to Dean again without making an ass of himself.
Stepping in behind Dean, Castiel watched as the other man rinsed the shampoo from his hair. His husband moved slowly, obviously putting on a show that Castiel was all too happy to witness. He ran his fingers through his dirty blond hair before moving to the back of his neck and then down around to the front to circle his nipples. Castiel watched in a daze while lazily stroking his thickening cock. His eyes flicked up to find Dean watching him with a smug look on his face. “Like what you see babe?”
The postcard proclaimed in front of a picture of a bare butt. Castiel flipped it over.
Castiel never wanted to fly on an airplane again. If someone were to ask him about the worst day of his life thus far, there was no doubt in his mind that the last twenty-four hours were it. A glance at his husband as they waited at the carousel for their bags showed he wasn’t faring much better. Dean was petrified of flying, but the need to stay alert for the children meant he hadn’t been able to take his relaxant. His eyes were bloodshot from lack of sleep and he looked paler than usual.
Patience’s face brightened considerably. “Je m'appelle Patience.”
“Thank you very much.”
WaywardAngel: no!1! this iz mu fuking house. kickd im out
“He’s got a funny way of showing it. He left us and he won’t even tell me why.”
He promptly fell on his face.
. I am capable of responsible behavior.”
Dean grinned and signed back, “Meg. Everyone else at the shelter knew too.”
Their sex life also took a turn for the worse. Usually by the time the children went to sleep, they were too exhausted for anything more than the occasional hand job. The few times they had been able to get more intimate were rushed; at any moment they expected a knock on their door. They also had to suppress the sounds of their lovemaking. Dean was normally quite loud and having to stifle their noises was a new experience. Castiel was really starting to understand why someone wrote about childus interruptus in that book Balthazar had gifted them.
“Ha! I’ll be sure to tell him you said that. So, what now?”
Castiel interrupted whatever Dean was about to say. “Excuse me, Ash. This one’s shell looks different than the others…”
“It’s so nice to finally meet you, Castiel!” Colette pulled him into a one-armed hug, her other hand holding on to her cane. The older woman pulled back and smiled at him. His new friend wore a light blue dress covered with little yellow rose buds and the cane she leaned on was nearly the same shade of blue. She brushed a lock of her greying brown hair behind her ears and Castiel caught a glimpse of her hearing aid.
Dean laughed and reached over to tickle her belly, bringing out more peals of laughter. Castiel turned to Max, who was watching the display with a smile. It was barely there, but it was a start.
“What’s wrong Jo-Jo? Am I making you uncomfortable?”
“I know.”
And now he was staring at dozens of dicks dusted onto his grass with flour.
Max stopped moving as he considered the question. He glanced up at Castiel’s face and stood to go to the bookshelf. He pulled out one of his favorites and shyly handed it over before curling up in Castiel’s lap. “Oh, this is a good one.” Castiel adjusted his son to a better position, wincing as his dull headache spiked painfully. He did his best to ignore it and started reading.
Sam and Mary looked up in surprise. “Really?” Mary asked. “Of course she is. Leave it to you Dean to find a Castiel in dog form. She even has blue eyes.”
Castiel chewed on his lip. There was no point in lying now. He sighed heavily. “Yes. I got the e-mail this morning. Happy now?”
Until he tripped.
The man looked up. He instantly traded the scowl for a more open expression. “Hello.”
The party was wonderful. The new couples were of great interest as was Benny and Balthazar’s announcement that they were opening a restaurant together. Everyone was sad to see Benny leave the Roadhouse, but excited to visit him at his new place. Gabriel disappeared at some point and came back as Santa; clumping down the stairs and ringing a large bell. The girls screeched and all three children ran into the room. Gabriel slowed his walk so he wouldn’t trip over Alicia (who clung to his leg like a monkey) and made his way to a special chair that Bobby had set up for him to sit in.
“Ok angel. Lemme make us up a spot.”
“Mr. Winchester? I’m Tara and I’ll be taking you down for your MRI.”
Another indeterminable amount of time later, Dean was shaking him awake again. “Cas, wake up.”
“Dean!” Castiel shouted. He switched to signing as he scolded his fiancée, “Stop having them record me crying! It’s embarrassing!”
To say Dean was pissed was an understatement. The party wasn’t loud at all. Who would—
“She seems smart. She has my phone number. I just hope she uses it if she needs to.”
Max furrowed his brow in concentration. “Lettuce, carrot, and egg.”
“Hmm, I think we’ll be ok then.”
Everyone greeted each other and shook hands before settling in their seats. Jaqueline grabbed some paperwork and addressed the group. “Today we are going to be doing another routine interview and Mr. Rocha wanted to go over the visitation schedule and further discuss the issue with Max. After we are through here, it is time to meet your children.”
Dean waggled his eyebrows. “Yep. What about you, Cas?” Dean’s voice deepened the tinniest bit. “Do you like walks on the beach?”
“Yes, I suppose it is. I’m just glad my custody arrangement was far more amicable.”
Feeling his anger drain out of him only to be replaced by shame at what he’d almost done, Castiel clenched his jaw before managing a small smile. He could feel how fake it was and only hoped Dean would continue to think he was just nervous. “You’re right. It’s better to know.”
Meg laid a hand on his arm. “Don’t worry Clarence, I’ll keep an eye on him. Hey! Why don’t we turn this into a baby shower?”
With an audible squeak of the door’s hinges, one of the most gorgeous men Castiel had ever seen stepped out of the car. His ran a hand through his dirty blond hair and stretched his body out like one does after a long drive. Castiel caught a glimpse of his skin under the band tee he wore before the man dropped his arms and closed the door. He walked around to the front of his car and leaned back against the hood with his arms crossed and a proud smile directed towards his house. The man had a gorgeous smile- one than made him look young and carefree, and Castiel had the oddest urge to get closer to him just to soak in some of the sunshine that seemed to radiate from the stranger.
“I’m Cas by the way.”
Castiel’s eyes roamed over his body again and Dean felt himself flush. “Well, I’m still feeling a bit tired. I was going to stop for another coffee on my way home. Would you join me Dean?”
. He wasn’t expecting any packages. Maybe his mom had sent him something?
“Yes. Is that ok?”
Dean grabbed his hand. It was soft and warm and felt nice. He met Castiel’s and was caught off guard by how blue they were. He had never seen the ocean until the quick trip to the beach for the first time yesterday, and that’s exactly what the other boy’s eyes reminded him of. Bright, deep, strong, and full of secrets. Oh, he was in trouble. He swallowed before managing a weak, “Hey Castiel.”
Lilith pulled her arms away and looked at him like he was a cockroach. “Oh God. Are you a fudge-packer too?”
“Yes. These boxes contain some photos and other personal items that have been kept in storage for them. The bags are for clothes and toys. There is not much. They grow so quickly and clothing is usually given to the smaller children when they outgrow things.”
January passed in a blur and at the end of the month they celebrated Dean’s thirtieth birthday. Ellen closed down the Roadhouse for the party and Dean blushed and acted all embarrassed, but Castiel knew he secretly loved all the attention. A karaoke machine appeared at some point and the highlight of the evening was Dean and Sam singing some songs Patience had picked from the Frozen soundtrack. They didn’t even need to look at the screen to remember the lyrics.
“I’ll bet.” He held out for another few seconds before he burst into laughter.
Lisa chuckled and put her hand on him arm. “Typical daddy. Don’t worry so much. Kids get crushes. It’s nothing serious.” She glanced around and leaned in to whisper, “I’m just happy he’s interested in
He took a closer look at his friend and noticed how haggard he appeared. “Geez Cas. I know you’re not a morning person, but haven’t you gotten used to this schedule by now?”
Castiel wandered over to the table and picked some finger sandwiches and vegetables for his plate. He was turning around when another woman walked in. She looked to be around his age with bright blue streaks in her dark hair and her arms were covered in tattoos. He barely noticed any of that however. His attention was pulled to the horse at her side. An honest-to-God horse. Or was it a pony? It was tiny: he’d seen bigger dogs before. It was solid black with white feet and a single splash of white on its forehead. It was wearing a sparkly purple vest covered in patches and the woman was holding onto a rigid leather harness on its back. A look around the room showed a few people greeting her in acknowledgement, but nobody seems perturbed by the
Katie held up a hand. “Stop. Do me a favor Castiel, and stop comparing your health to other people’s. I’m going to let you in on a secret. There’s
“Really?” He elbowed Sam, who scowled. “Thought you weren’t interested.”
Three days later, their welcome home party was in full swing. Ellen and Bobby had arrived early to help cook. Ellen cooed over her new grandchildren and was delighted when Patience asked to help. Castiel stood in the corner snapping photos. While adorable, the image wasn’t nearly as memorable as Dean’s face when he came in from warming up the grill. His eyes almost bugged out of his head when he saw Bobby sitting in a little pink chair having a tea party with the twins.
Claire sputtered. “What?! What’s that supposed to mean?”
“Alicia has one too.”
competition. Well if he wanted to play dirty, Dean could too.
Claire narrowed her eyes. The look was so Cas-like it threw him off for a minute. “Why would I think badly of her?”
“Nobody
The doctor huffed. “Most people don’t. I’ve seen this plenty of times.”
Dean sat on the edge of the bed. “Hey, hey. It’s ok man. Everyone drinks to much every now and again.”
“What?” he squeaked.
Eileen was glowing and looking at Sam like he hung the moon. “He learned to sign for me so we could be on equal footing. Which is only fair, since he’s so tall.”
“I’m getting that. So, what happened to the store?”
“Yes. I must admit, I haven’t been in here much. I don’t watch a lot of television. My brother suggested I take this opportunity to expand my ‘pop culture knowledge’.”
Colette chuckled. “I know what you mean. Where’s that husband of yours?”
The new family had visited many places around Recife in the last month; beaches, an amusement park, boat tours, museums, and even a church service. In learning more about their new additions, Dean and Castiel discovered that Rosine and Nicholas had been very serious about their Catholic faith and Rosine continued to take the children to mass whenever she was able after Nicholas’s death. Castiel hadn’t attended services regularly in years and Dean had only attended a few Christmas services after moving in with Bobby and Ellen. While Castiel had let his attendance slide, he still considered himself quite spiritual and said his prayers regularly. He and Dean agreed that they should never try to erase the memory of their children’s birth parents from their lives, so they should have the option of going to Mass if they wished.
After lunch and a break at the playground, they went on a guided tour of the rainforest surrounding the zoo. The mosquitos were terrible and there was only enough bug spray for the children, so Dean and Castiel spent a large portion of the trip swatting at the little vampires. The foliage was beautiful and they spied several species of tropical birds through the trees. Max fell asleep in Dean’s arms before the tour was over and Alicia was barely buckled into her car seat before she passed out as well. Patience only held out for another ten minutes before her exhaustion caught up with her. Castiel spent the rest of the drive staring at their relaxed faces. By this time tomorrow, they would legally be a family.
Dean looked down at the puppy. Now he knew why Cas was so enamored with her. He looked at Meg. “You could’ve told me that on the phone.”
. Of course, I wish I hadn’t
Returning with a bottle of water and a wet towel, Dean huffed. “You weren’t human before buddy. Humans can’t drink as much as angels. Water, now.”
“Well damn. Huh… not sure if the world is ready for that pairing.”
So this is it. This is how their friendship ends. Cas is going to freak out about how Dean’s been perving on him for years and want nothing more to do with him.
Patience all but squealed as she threw herself into Dean’s arms. She pulled back and chattered in rapid French as she rifled through the other clothes and poor Dean was soon very confused. When she mentioned putting the skirt on, Castiel cleared his throat. “Patience, do you need help changing?” She shook her head. “Dean and I will go check on the twins.” Switching back to English he addressed Dean. “She wants to try on her clothes.”
Dean ambled over and settled in the chair next to him. His husband’s smile still made his heart race. “Hey babe. You good?”
Impala67: me too Cas. is there anybody u can call to come over?
Castiel hung his head. “We did. He passed away last year. Brain aneurism.”
“My other doctors told me to see you. What about the ringing I’m having?”
“Not what?”
WaywardAngel: I got it when I purchased a special WOW expansion.
Castiel wiped the tears from his eyes as he settled down. “You take Ben?”
Castiel narrowed his eyes and glared at his husband for as long as he could before laughing. “Asshole.”
“As I’ll ever be.”
“Je m’appelle Castiel. C’est Dean.”
He gave her what he hoped was a convincing smile, “Thanks Becky.”
After finishing with the house, they ordered pizzas for dinner and sat munching on a slice each as they set the bundle of fabric from Cas’s bed on fire along with the pictures.
“No sir.”
“Hmm that is not likely. I do not think I would forget such a handsome man so easily.”
After gently removing his fingers, Castiel lubed up his cock and lined himself up. He pushed into his husband slowly, relishing in his wet heat. By the time his hips met Dean’s ass, they were both panting. Castiel paused and placed more kisses on the man in front of him. “You feel so good Dean.”
Castiel thumbed away a tear. “You’re welcome baby. Do you want to stay here with me and Max for a while? I think your brother needs a break.”
Castiel stepped forward. “Yes ma’am. I’m Castiel and this is my husband, Dean.”
“Do you have any idea why I called you in here?”
Impala67: y would u knock it if u havent even tried it?
“Just to cover all our bases, I’d like you to try this migraine medication for the next two months. Sometimes, you can have a migraine without the pain, but still have the other symptoms. I don’t think that’s what wrong since the symptoms you have fit migraines less than Meniere’s, but you may have an atypical presentation. Is that ok?”
Castiel was a nice person. He carried in Mrs. Mosely’s garbage cans for her, volunteered at the youth center, donated to conservation groups. He always tried to see the best in people and give them the benefit of the doubt, but this? He’d lived here for years and suddenly this person comes in and sends him an insulting letter?
And Katie. I love her. I've used her in a few other fics and she's a fun character to write. The original inspiration for her in this fic is thanks to a dear friend who also suffers from these two disorders.
“Why?”
“You got it.”
WaywardAngel: I’m aware.
Dean made it to the bed before Castiel. While he brushed his teeth, he heard his husband’s deep groan from the bedroom. He poked his head out the door. “You ok Dean?”
Heading out to the garage, he dug around through the spare boxes until he found one from Amazon that was the perfect size. He then pulled the most important item from the bag in the trunk. After carefully removing the packing paper, he gave it one more fond look before rewrapping it in bubble wrap. He gently laid it in the bottom of the box and proceeded to stack the books on top. He finally filled in the empty space with more packing paper before carrying the box back into the house.
“I see. Oh, here’s Dean now.” He waved his husband over and introduced him to Colette.
“Ok. So, what do we do in the meantime?” Dean asked. Castiel stayed silent. He was still trying to wrap his brain around the fact that he might always be like this.
Ignoring him, Castiel answered Meg. “I’m not sure when we’re leaving. I have to talk to Dean and call the agency back to see what else we need to do before we can go.”
Dr. Adamson did a standard ear exam and then broke out honest-to-God tuning forks. He spoke out loud as he did each and every test; voicing what he was ruling out. He confirmed that Castiel seemed to have some hearing loss in the lower tones, but wanted another hearing test to be certain.
“Two reasons. One, I thought we were becoming friends and friends care about each other’s feelings. And two, I was under the impression we were going to try and enter a more intimate relationship as well. If we are to progress as a couple, this is the sort of thing I think I should know.”
Dean’s shoulders slumped and he held back a frown. “Yea? That’s great,” he said softly.
“Nice to meetcha, Dean.”
He followed the link to the item listing on the website. Maybe he didn’t read the description properly? Wouldn’t be the first time. Nope. Zero references to lace or the tiny bow on the front band. A quick check of the reviews didn’t mention them either. So, someone, somewhere screwed up. Awesome.
The New Year came and passed and life went on. Castiel stayed at home with the kids and put off job hunting until they had a better grasp of his health situation. He spent his days helping Patience with her schoolwork and playing with the twins. Ellen and Jo still came by nearly every day because they missed the kids after spending the last six months caring for them.
“No. Was going to tell him when he got home.”
He was on his third read through of the story when he noticed Max had fallen asleep. He picked the boy up and laid him in his bed. The change in position made the pain in his head rear back up. He rubbed his temples as he finally registered how terrible he felt. He was exhausted and his lower back ached - probably from carrying Max around for several hours. Lying in bed to join his son for a nap was a very appealing thought, so he did.
Castiel opened his eyes and quickly closed them. The room wasn’t overly bright, but the low light still hurt his head. While it wasn’t as painful as before, there was still a dull throbbing against his temples. He eased his eyes open slower this time and looked around the room. It was obvious he was in the hospital. He noticed Dean asleep in a nearby chair with his head on the bed near Castiel’s hand. His husband looked terrible. He had a few days’ worth of stubble on his face and dark circles under his eyes. How long had he been here? Castiel raised his hand to stroke his cheek. Dean’s eyes fluttered open and he jumped when he registered the touch on his skin. He looked up with wide eyes. “Cas?”
: Well good. Now that’s settled, have you watched any of the movies?
“My, my. Someone’s panties are in a twist. Oh wait, it’s Dean who wears the panties right?”
“Oh Meg, I could kiss you!”
“Well, I’ve just got the one thing…”
Sighing, Dean lowered himself to be more level with her. “Listen kiddo. I know you don’t want to hear this now, but your dad did have a good reason for leaving. He’s a good person. He’s a good father and he loves you. The reason he won’t tell you…” He rubbed the back of his neck and looked back at Castiel again. He hoped he wasn’t about the do something to mess this up. “He doesn’t want you to think badly of your mom.”
“I, uh… I
She wrote out a prescription and stood to shake his hand. “It was nice seeing you Castiel. I hope Dr. Adamson can give you some answers.”
Max still had not spoken a word. His behavior had improved much, though. He no longer hunched in on himself or hid in the corner of the room. At first, he only went wherever Alicia went. Now he would lead nearly half the time. His communication was better as well. During story time, he would point out animals or shapes when asked. He would also answer yes or no questions with a nod or a shake and was increasingly making eye contact (however fleetingly) with his fathers. He was still quite wary of strangers and would seldom play at the park with other children, but he started spending more time facing forward than with his eyes cast down at the ground.
Claire folded her arms and lifter her chin. She shot Castiel a sideways look. “This is who we were waiting for? Who is he?”
WaywardAngel: He slpt with anothr grl
“No. What happened?”
Castiel greeted everyone with a tired smile. The last few days had been draining with getting the children settled and trying to establish a routine. He woke up still exhausted and could feel a headache coming on. Today was important as their family members were eager to meet the new additions, so he took some ibuprofen and resolved to power through it.
The thought of losing Cas makes him feel sick. Maybe he can still salvage this. “’M sorry if readin all that made you feel uncomfortable. We can just keep being friends and nothin has to change, I promise.”
had been cut into the grass. The phrase spanned the entire length of his yard and was impossible to miss.
“I promise it’s nothing serious and has absolutely nothing to do with the two of us, ok?”
Cas just stared at him. His eyes slowly narrowed and his head tilted a bit. He chewed on his lip before speaking, “You want to be boyfriends?”
“Shut up Dean.” Cas practically snarled.
? I see.” She straightened her posture and glared down her nose at him. “It would have been nice of the school to inform us that the parents of one of the children were deviants.”
“No, really. That was one of the best dances I’ve ever seen.”
“Yes. I wasn’t in the mood to cook.” He swatted Dean’s hand as he reached out to snag a piece of bacon. “No. Wait until we sit down at the table like civilized people.”
“True.”
Dean grabbed his hand. “Because I like you Cas.”
Cas shook his head which made him groan and close his eyes. “No. Just want to sit with you.”
Dean was filling up the Impala at a gas station when an attractive woman passed by on her way into the store. Their eyes met and she changed course to walk closer.
Dean had to remember to breath. This was unacceptable. “Yes. There’s three, well four now. Plus, there was a TV show, but you really need to at least see the original three.”
Thanks to his calling ahead, Castiel’s little shopping spree had barely taken twenty minutes. It left him more than enough time to grab their dinner and get everything boxed up. He still had to make a conscious effort not to speed and impatiently tapped his fingers on the steering wheel throughout the entire drive to Ellen's.
Castiel leaned forward and nipped Dean’s neck. “I should punish you.” Dean whimpered. “But perhaps I’ll save that for another time. I don’t have the patience right now to delay having you.”
“A sudden fall to the ground. It can happen with Meniere’s patients.”
“Sure do. He loves it. He’s a squire to one of the knights. Carries his sword and shield.” At Castiel’s slight look of alarm, he clarified, “They’re foam. Totally harmless.”
“I heard the tail end of that conversation. I’m really sorry man. Lisa can be...”
Dean nodded. “Maybe a little. He may not have wanted to leave, but that doesn’t mean he doesn’t hate that he had to. You’re still his daughter. He loves you and he misses you.”
“Honestly? I’m not surprised. It seems like something he would do, but I just didn’t think he actually ever
Shit.
Dean realized he’d been gripping his fists and glaring at the bees. Making himself relax, he gave Cas a smile that he knew didn’t come off as genuine. “I think it’s great Cas.”
“That means one ear is more affected than the other.” Dr. Adamson typed some things into his computer. Castiel looked confusedly at Dean and sat down. He was a little scared; he hadn’t even felt himself move. It was an unsettling feeling to know he wasn’t entirely in control of his own body.
Like their first trip, Castiel and Dean were exhausted by the journey. Thankfully, in addition to watching their house during their stay in Brazil, Ellen had prepared several days’ worth of meals and stocked the kitchen with groceries. Sam had also agreed to stay the night and help them out while Castiel and Dean tried to catch up on sleep. After getting the bags in the door and feeding the kids, the husbands showed them their new rooms, bathed them, changed them for bed, and pawned them off on Sam.
“Head hurts.”
They spent the rest of the day together. They talked about a lot of things and Castiel couldn’t remember the last time he laughed so much. Dean was funny and sweet and he was good with Claire. Ben was a very polite child and Claire liked spending time with him. When the time came for them to leave at the end of the day, Castiel gladly gave Dean his phone number and was pleasantly surprised by the parting kiss Dean placed on his cheek.
“Anytime, Cas. Let me know if you need anything and I’ll see you guys next week.”
Castiel noticed everyone was almost seated so they could start. He turned back to Katie, “Sure.”
No. No way.
WaywardAngel: Figures. Probably best you don’t play.
“Anytime, babe. I love you.”
This was getting out of hand. Dean may have gone a little overboard after the glitter fiasco. Jo and Charlie assisted him into the wee hours of the morning in driving 1000 disposable forks (he willingly paid extra to get the compostable ones so Cas wouldn’t be too upset without stopping to think why) into Castiel’s yard.
“No. These last few months have been wonderful. If there was ever a time to get stressed, it was before the adoption. That process was not fun, but I handled that just fine. I feel like she said that just so she didn’t have to admit she had no idea what was wrong.”
Charlie had been appalled at the treatment plan that had been used with Max in Brazil. For their first appointment, she had them in for a family session so she could see how they interacted with Max. She said they were doing everything exactly right. They included him, but didn’t push and she applauded them for it. She still wanted to see him more, but not one on one. She preferred they alternate between Castiel and Dean for smaller group sessions. She even had Alicia join on occasion.
“It’s Saturday…”
“Uh… I… um…” he wrung his hands as he scrambled for something to say.
Castiel rolled his eyes. “I didn’t steal them. They’re probably in your mailbox right now. What about vandalism for my grass?” he countered.
Cas’s other hand comes to rest gently on his cheek. “Yes. I’m going to have to help you work on that.”
Castiel sent a link to a Facebook event page. They were blocking off a whole city block and selling tickets. The page just went live a few hours ago and already had over ten thousand hits.
Castiel wrung his hands. “Are you sure?”
Then came the balance testing. The doctor had Castiel stand up and do a few things. At first, it felt like a field sobriety test and Dean chuckled until Castiel almost fell over once he closed his eyes. Dean caught him and looked up at Dr. Adamson. “What the hell?”
WaywardAngel: True. Thank you for the apology.
Castiel chuckled again, “I know Dean. Is ok. I think my sister is better dancer than everyone too.”
Castiel smiled at her and held out his hand. “It’s nice to meet you Lisa.”
The doctor looked up again. “Alright, I’m pretty confident in my diagnosis of hydrops. We still have to determine whether it’s primary or secondary. I’m going to set you up for more testing. This process may take a while, so I don’t want you getting discouraged. Even if this is MD, it can be managed. While certainly disruptive to your day-to-day activities, your symptoms are not too severe compared to other patients I’ve seen and not life-threatening. You could still get injured though like how you were a few months ago, so some lifestyle changes may need to be made if this progresses.”
“Dean-o!”
“Maybe.”
Dean laughed. “Yea. It sure is. Wow It’s so crazy seeing running into you. Could hardly wait for next week at it was.”
“Good idea.”
Dean leaned against the counter and crossed his arms. “Come on, Cas. You gotta go back. The doctor said it would help.”
“Just what’s causing this.”
After two hours and a final chorus of agreement from everyone in his department that they’d scour the tax code for ways to save the company some money, Castiel was at last free to get a much-needed cup of coffee.
“Mr. and Mr. Winchester?” They both turned at the heavily accented voice to find a shorter woman with dark hair and chocolate eyes wearing a skirt and blazer, looking at them expectantly.
Gabriel looked at his strangely. “I’ve been here for a few minutes Cassie.” He looked at Dean. “Let’s go Dean-o.”
“I—it’s just… the thought of joining feels so… final. Makes it real.” He sat up and looked at Dean with pleading eyes filled with tears. “I don’t want this to be real.” He whispered.
When they got to the biggest rides, most of the signs proclaimed passengers under fourteen had to be accompanied by an adult. Castiel looked dismayed until Dean offered to go with Claire. The young teen rolled her eyes and just suggested they lie about her age. Castiel seemed ready to agree before Dean shot him a look that finally got him to put his foot down. Claire groaned and stormed off to wait in line while Dean kissed Castiel’s forehead before joining her.
This had to be a mistake.
“Come on. Grab a snack and sit next to me.”
“Oh geez. Think the twins will skip that delightful little phase where they run around naked?”
Castiel and Dean arrived fifteen minutes early and signed in before being directed to the waiting room. Castiel looked around at the artwork adorning the walls while Dean examined the collage of children and their families that the agency had brought together.
Lisa jerked her hand back like she’d been burned. “Ex-
WaywardAngel: yes. im sure
“Ok.” Castiel knew that Dean made sense but it wasn’t really sinking in. He had to stay for the party. His little girl turned six. Her last birthday was spent at the group home. They needed this one to be special…
Dean was too angry to speak. He shrugged and glared at the TV. They all watched as the Saints were forced to make a field goal putting them three points ahead. The Rams were able to make a last-minute field goal themselves which tied the game and caused them to go into overtime. After an unfortunate interception, the Rams got control of the ball and kicked a last field goal to win the game.
going to the doctor. Well, you’re all set up for next week!” Her eyes cut to Balthazar and her smile widened. “Guess I’ll see you around…?” her sentence trailed off suggestively while she twirled a strand of her hair.
Dean opened his eyes and grinned. “Dean Winchester. I’m an Aquarius. I like long walks on the beach and frisky people.”
“Yes. But Dean doesn’t know yet, so please don’t say anything. I’m surprising him tonight and I know he’ll be upset if everyone else knows first.”
“Ok Castiel, now we know for sure that something is going on. Nystagmus isn’t something you can fake and there are only a handful of causes for it. Now, let’s check your ears out.”
“Thanks kiddo.”
“Pretty sure I just quit, Cassie.”
He threw the note into the trash and pulled out his phone. Two could play at this game.
After spending the last two hours of his workday reading online reviews and calling stores, he had his choices narrowed down and a to-do list made. He then called Ellen to order Dean’s favorite burgers since he wouldn’t be cooking, before calling Gabriel to ask his brother to drop off a pie at the Roadhouse.
“I like awkward and weird. You’re also funny and smart and sweet. Your nose does this adorable little thing when you laugh and you’re so cute when you’re confused.”
Dean tried his hardest with buckets of water and borrowed hoses, but of course he lost. He had no proof that that guy was the one who sabotaged his stuff, but he knew. Why did this guy have it out for him? He’d never met him before. This was supposed to be
And there went his good mood. “Honestly? It sucked. They have to make me dizzy on purpose for the exercises and it’s awful. I really don’t want to go back.”
Dean could barely remember how to speak as he nodded. “Ok.”
“I can relate.” Castiel punctuated his statement with a huge yawn. Dean heard his jaw pop.
Dean looked upset. “Oh crap Cas. I’m sorry man. I didn’t mean to put you on the spot like that. Shit, I never know when to shut up. Look, it’s ok. If you ever need anything, you can call
Dean watched Claire carefully. So many emotions flickered over her face, he couldn’t decipher them all. He saw a lot of anger and sadness. Some confusion too. Finally, she landed on pain. Her eyes welled with tears and she launched herself into Castiel’s arms. “I’m so sorry daddy. I didn’t know. I’ve been so mad at you. I’m sorry. I’m so sorry.”
Colette smirked in amusement. “That’s Katie. And the horse is Falcon, her service animal.”
After a quick weight check, Castiel collapsed on the bed in the exam room. He heard his husband talking to the nurse and mumbled out a few answers to her questions. All he wanted to do was sleep. His head and back were killing him. It hurt to move anything, especially his neck, and the room was far too bright.
Gabe snorted. “What’d you do to piss him off? Sleep with his girl? Is he straight and you hit on him? What?”
“Where will you sleep Dee? We can’t both fit…” Cas looked so dismayed at the thought.
Castiel rocked her and stroked her blonde hair. He made cooing noises and kissed her head. “It’s ok honey. I know. I know. I never blamed you. I love you so much.” His eyes landed on Dean and he looked so lost but so happy at the same time. Dean smiled at him and kissed his cheek.
“Feel weird. Wanna sleep.”
“True. Wanna get started while I make us a snack?”
“At least you’re finally getting answers. That’s what you’ve been fighting for right? Answers?”
“Everything… my back hurts a lot.” Castiel could tell he was slurring his words but he couldn’t muster the energy to speak any clearer.
“That’s what Dean told me!”
There was a new person in his face telling him to stay still as he felt a sharp pain in his back. He tried to flinch away but was held down. “Dean?” The stranger shushed him and said something he didn’t understand.
She got a mischievous gleam in her eye. “There is one major thing recommended for POTS patients.” She looked at Castiel and he gestured for her to continue. “Raising your sodium intake.” She giggled.
He walked into the store, giving the kid behind the register a nod. Wow… for a going out of business sale, there were not that many people in here. Dean could see a mom with two little kids by the children’s movies, some teenage girls by the romantic comedies, and a guy about his age near the 80’s movies. He grabbed a basket and headed in that direction.
“I know they flirt, but I thought it was always one sided and she was just humoring him.”
Castiel refused to look up and Dean answered for him. “Not yet. Wanted to know for sure.”
terrible. It framed his butt really well. And wow. Whenever he shifted, the satin rubbed so nicely over his cock. He watched his reflection as he stroked himself through the fabric. That felt fucking amazing. Oh, he was definitely ordering more of these.
“I think so. Whoever was on the card I got.”
Dean’s hand moved to his forehead. “Hmm, well you don’t have a fever. Maybe you just needed water. Could it be your anemia? You’ve been taking your iron pills, right?”
“Yep,” she popped her p.
obnoxious. He even had a fleur de lis tattoo on his right arm.
“Not cool, man. Not cool.”
“Well, I have to get back to work.” She turned to Sam, who had been trying to inch away from her, and laid a hand on his arm. Squeezing gently, she gave him what Dean assumed was supposed to be a flirty look, but to him just came off as manic. “I’ll be seeing you Sam.”
(See the end of the chapter for
What if he never got better? Would Dean leave him? He wasn’t even thirty yet. Dean was too young to be saddled with a sick husband. What about his kids? They’d already lost two parents; they didn’t deserve another sick one. Maybe they were right. His doctor suggested it was all in his head. What if he was just crazy? He should probably-
“I’m ok now. I’m hungry.”
Castiel went over the last few weeks while Dr. Reap did an exam. He pulled his phone out and showed her the notes he’d started taking about a week after the attacks began. “Mmm hmm. Any nausea, vomiting, shortness of breath, headaches?”
Castiel drained the glass and stretched back out. The spinning sensation had died down somewhat so he closed his eyes and tried to relax. Dean was probably right; he was just dehydrated.
“Why? What’s up?”
Meniere's disease and hydrops are not very well understood by most doctors and there are many theories on the exact mechanics of these illnesses. Dr. Adamson's description is exactly how it was explained to me by my neurotologist.
Balthazar cut another disbelieving glance at him before looking at Becky and turning on the charm. He reached for her hand and kissed the back of it. “I should hope so, beautiful Becky.”
This chapter contains mentions of childhood trauma and minor character death.
“No.”
“Just, be nice to him ok?”
“There may be mild side effects like any medication, but none that should make you drowsy or anything. If you do notice any odd side effects, call the office and we’ll try and find you something else.”
: Oh. I didn’t think you meant it. You don’t have to talk to me if you don’t want to.
“You fell asleep at the party. You kept getting worse, so Gabe and I took you to urgent care. You weren’t making a lot of sense. You kept saying your head and back hurt. They started an IV and then you had a seizure in the exam room.” Castiel gasped and stared wide-eyed at his husband. “They thought you had meningitis with the way you were acting. An ambulance brought you here. They ugh, they did a bunch of tests… your brain was swelling. You had encephalitis baby. They weren’t sure if you were gonna wake up.” Dean’s breath shuttered and his eyes filled with tears again. He pulled Castiel closer to his chest and sobs wracked his body.
“I don’t think so. I’m not in any pain, just… dizzy. Like I just got off a tilt-a-whirl or something.”
Claire was a snarky little thing. For thirteen years old, she had a hell of an attitude. She was quick and could make cutting remarks in such a way that it took a minute to realize she’d said something insulting. Dean quietly marveled on how Castiel could ever have thought she’d still want Barbie dolls. Then again, it was clear that the other man was a bit blind when it came to his daughter. Dean guessed it was the result of them having spent so little time together over the years and Castiel willfully ignoring her behavior; instead trying to indulge her every wish to gain her love.
Why the hell did he write all of that?! Stupid, stupid, stupid.
The three soon-to-be-Winchesters had changed a lot in the short time living with their new fathers. Patience had become far more outgoing. She was obsessed with anything sparkly and loved helping Dean make dinner every night. Her English was coming along well, even though most of her vocabulary was food related. She was also an amazing big sister. Whenever one of the twins needed anything or got upset, she slipped right into the role of caregiver and helped them out. Castiel was careful not to let her do too much on her own, but she got upset the first few times he tried to thwart her attempts at mother-henning. Dean told him to let her be. As an older sibling himself, he understood the need to help take care of the little ones. Tying their shoes or kissing a boo-boo was not the same as the responsibilities John had dumped on his eldest.
“Really? I’ve been dumped because of this before you know.”
“He’s dated a few before. Been a while though.” Sam leaned over to see the other two in the kitchen still working on dinner.
Castiel gently grabbed his husband behind his neck and pulled him closer. Dropping his voice, he rumbled in Dean’s ear, “Why don’t you be a good boy and go get the water started for me?” Dean sucked in a breath and nodded quickly. “I’ll be there in a few minutes.” Castiel released him and Dean stood to hurry out of the room. He smirked as he caught sight of the tent in the other man’s boxers.
His brother whooped before pulling him into a tight embrace. Castiel made a noise of protest as his brother lifted him off the ground and spun around. “I’m so happy for you little bro! I’m gonna be an uncle!”
Dean returned with Sam and the two of them helped Cas out to the car and loaded him in the back. Gabriel joined them with a pair of Cas’s shoes, a bucket, and extra rags for Castiel’s head and climbed in the back with his brother before they left for the ER.
Impala67: be nice
“I wish. We could certainly use the extra money.”
“The mind is a tricky thing. You may be more overwhelmed than you realize.”
“She’s deaf.”
“Castiel, while you know I would do anything for you, asking me to deliver a pie all the way across town on such short notice is a bit out of character. You’re also getting Dean’s favorite meal. Something is going on. Now if it’s not bad, then what is it? You get a promotion or something?”
Dean laughed. “You’re probably right. So, when did this start?”
Castiel watched his daughter run up to the water table and start to play. He sat on a nearby bench to watch. After a few minutes, a little boy about her age joined her. He looked familiar, but Castiel couldn’t place him.
Dean threw his head back and laughed. “Can’t escape me Jo. I’m your ride home. Hey, speaking of rides…”
party,” he said with feigned exasperation.
Meg blushed. Actually blushed. Dean felt like he was witnessing a rare phenomenon. It was right up there with spotting a double rainbow or maybe even finding a unicorn. “Well, Clarence deserves it.” She mumbled. She composed herself and put her trademark smirk on her face but her eyes seemed a bit softer than usual. “Come on Dean. Let’s get your paperwork done so you can take this little cutie home.”
“Thank you darling. Now, let’s figure out how you’re going to tell your man the good news.”
Patience studied the new room as she walked in. She looked at her own selection of toys and books before exploring the dresser. The little girl gasped as she pulled out a sparkly pink skirt. “It’s so pretty!”
!” His arms jerked as he gestured wildly.
“Ok!” His daughter climbed off the jungle gym and ran up to him.
“Castiel.” He covered his face with his hands and groaned. “Is she going to cause problems for me at the school?”
Since Castiel was all healed up from his concussion, he went to his appointment with Dr. Barnes. Dean insisted on accompanying him this time and Castiel didn’t argue. He didn’t think Dr. Barnes would treat him poorly, but he was tired of being bullied.
Dean turned around to see Cas frozen in the doorway. “H-hey Cas. How much of that did you hear?”
“I can’t- why would they- how could they think that? They didn’t shout in front of the kids, did they?”
“I see. What’s wrong with the last movie?”
She chuckled and shook her head. “Dean sure has rubbed off on you. I’ll go see if Benny is done with your dinner.” She patted his cheek before disappearing into the kitchen.
Dr. Barnes had tanned skin, curly dark hair, and a friendly smile. “Hello Castiel.” She opened the file and looked over her notes. “Well, I have good news. There was no evidence of structural abnormalities, tumors, or lesions. That excludes a lot of things that could cause the symptoms you’re describing. Would you mind going over everything again with me?”
With newfound determination, he pulled them on. They were a bit snug and his junk required some adjustments to fit properly, but he finally turned to check them out in the mirror on the back of the bedroom door.
“It was on the table when I came in. It’s a guide book the rental company put together. It’s got local shops, tours, beaches, family places, things like that. Somebody put a lot of work into this. Take a look.” He pushed the book over for Castiel to examine.
“Yes.”
“Fuck!” Dean canted his ass back even further trying to meet Castiel’s hips. His hands frantically scrambled over the wall in front of him as he tried to brace himself. His moans became louder and Castiel internally preened at how much of a mess he could turn his husband into.
“The nice ones are always animals in the sack. They’re sweet by day, but once you get them alone—”
“Really? Everyone here works hard. They train for hours. They bleed. They cry. Jo has talent, but so do they. What right do you have to call them ‘losers’?”
Following the meeting, Mr. Rocha excused himself while Jaqueline and Maria led them through the building to a play room where their children were waiting for them. Castiel gripped Dean’s hand as the door opened. He caught a brief glimpse of another woman sitting at a table in the corner and then got the first look at their children. All three were grouped around a kitchen set. Max held a baby doll and had a small smile on his face while Alicia offered the doll some play food. Patience stood at the little stove and Castiel heard her call out to her siblings that more food was coming up. Alicia responded but Castiel didn’t understand what she said as he was not used to hearing French in a toddler’s accent. He also suspected a few Portuguese words had been mixed in, but couldn’t be sure.
“Is that permanent?”
Dean chuckled and kissed the top of his head before sitting back down.
“I must have missed that.” He mused. “Where are the girls?”
“Psh! Netflix. I like to see a movie before I order it Sammy. All this virtual crap… They don’t even send the case when you use Netflix. Reading the box is half the fun.”
That earned him a chuckle before Cas became more serious. “Have you seen Claire?”
Meg smirked before raking her eyes up and down Dean’s body. “I preferred you better in those shorts.”
How could a foam nerf dart hurt so much?!?
Castiel got a soft look on his face. God, he was beautiful in the firelight. “Really?”
“Hangover. Wicked headache and maybe more puking.”
“I shut him up. Come on, let’s go talk.”
“No babe. Listen to me. I know how much you love our kids. You’re doing the best you can and you’re an amazing father. You’re not neglecting them. They love you and they worry about you and want to help. I know all this has been frustrating and scary. You’re not failing and you’re never gonna be alone and neither will they. We’re gonna figure this out. Ok?”
He let himself break and Dean was there to help put him back together when he was done.
“Did you tell Dean?”
“Horses can be service animals? I thought it was only dogs.”
Castiel leaned against the open doorway. His eyes were glassy and the wall didn’t even appear to offer much support as he wobbled and slowly slid down to the floor. “Just one bottle.”
“Night, Cas.”
He nodded his thanks and made his way to the phone. “This is Dean.”
difficult.”
A new voice came into the room asking the same questions. He felt a hand touch his arm and registered an IV being placed. He shivered and his husband asked for a blanket. The shivering became more violent and soon the table itself was vibrating. Dean was shouting and he felt several sets of hands on his body. Was there an earthquake? Why was everything so loud? He felt the pull of unconsciousness and let go.
“Dean Winchester. Jo’s honorary big brother. Hey look man I really didn’t mean to-“
Not surprisingly, Dean was one of the last to finish. He was met at the finish line by one of his frat brothers, Gabriel. “What’s goin on Dean-o? You’ve really been off your game today.”
Ellen still ran the Roadhouse, but left most of the day-to-day operations to her staff. She loved being a grandmother and wouldn’t hear of the kids going to daycare when she was more than happy to watch them. Bobby had cut back on his working hours as well. He said it was good for Dean to have more responsibility, but everyone knew he was enjoying being a grandparent as much as Ellen was.
The woman was just as cheerful as he remembered. She performed a few more balance and nerve tests that the other doctors hadn’t and spent a good thirty minutes going over his medical history and his new symptoms. When he told her what happened at the ENT, she was shocked but also… pleased?
: Absolutely.
Claire scoffed. “Mom told me you were gay.”
Dean pinched the bridge of his nose and took a deep breath. Feeling his anger dissipate, he scrubbed a hand down his face and looked up at the other two. “You’re lucky I don’t sock you both. You’re a dick Gabe.”
Just over a month later found him spending more and more hours playing WOW. How had he never tried this game before? He even found a few servers where the players were encouraged to role play. It was basically virtual LARPing. He only got to meet up with the rest of Moondoor every other month or so, so this version of the game was a nice substitute. He still played Hearthstone to at least complete his daily mission, but his main focus was on WOW these days.
Dean chuckled along with him. “Yea, yea. Get it out now. You should come one weekend. Claire would love it.”
“Ugh. What a dick.”
He turned his head, surprised to see his brother there. “Gabe… wh-where did you come from?”
Balthazar did end up booking a stripper. She came dressed as a naughty nanny and simply read a copy of ‘Go the Fuck to Sleep’ before adding it to the pile of gifts and leaving with all her clothing intact. He also got them ‘You Have to Fucking Eat’ and ‘Nobody Likes a Cockblocker’. Castiel wasn’t sure if he should be amused or annoyed.
Spending time with his children always helped center Castiel. It was hard to focus on how poorly he was feeling when he watched their little faces fill with joy. Laughter was the music of the day as they played together. By the time Dean got home, the living room had been transformed into a giant blanket fort. His husband lit up like the children and climbed right in. Diner ended up being sandwiches and cut up fruits and vegetables in an impromptu picnic. With a few adjustments, the TV was able to fit in the fort and with nearly every pillow and blanket in the house, everyone snuggled together to watch Tangled.
“Do you know how we met?”
“We’re going to have to let you go. Of course, you’ll be getting a severance package. Please make sure to wrap up any assignments you have by the end of today for Raphael and Balthazar to take over.” Mr. Adler stood and held out his hand. “Best of luck to you.”
“Dizzy. Almost feel drunk. Think I stood up too fast.”
Castiel clenched his jaw. “I’m sure. Just ready to get home.”
“Try me, Dean. It obviously matters to you. I would like to try and understand why.”
His friend turned his way and smiled at him. Dean loved the little crinkles that formed next to his eyes. “Good morning Dean. How are you?”
WaywardAngel: Horde or Alliance?
“I agree. Even with all of my research, I don’t think I’ve found half of this and I never even thought about looking for a doctor.”
“Thanks, Ellen.”
All three tried to fit onto his lap at once before Dean stepped in and made them take turns. Alicia listed about a dozen things in rapid succession and Castiel was happy they’d gotten some of the things she asked for. Max was nervous with everyone watching and shyly signed that he wanted a turtle. Castiel shot a panicked look to Dean. This was the first they’d heard of that and Castiel wondered if they should consider getting them a pet. Turtles were low maintenance after all. Patience asked for more coloring books and crayons. Gabriel promised them all that he’d do his best and then passed out little gifts from a bag and promised more would be delivered overnight. After reading The Night Before Christmas, he bid the children goodnight and went back upstairs.
Dean pushed the coffee table out of the way and stripped the loveseat of its cushions before moving Cas to a recliner to do the same to the couch. Once they were lined up, he went in search of spare blankets. He found some along with extra pillows in a linen closet. After getting their makeshift bed ready, he made Cas use the bathroom and drink another glass of water before tucking him in. Cas pulled him down and wiggled them around until Dean was the big spoon with his arm over the other man. Cas sniffled a few times and snuggled into Dean’s arm before falling asleep.
“I see you soon Dean.” With that, he turned and left the room. Dean barely suppressed a groan as he watched him walk away.
Dean turned to Cas. It registered after a few seconds just how inebriated the former angel looked. “How much did you drink buddy?”
He shifted to leave before he heard a sniffle. With slight alarm he noticed Castiel’s eyes were filling with tears. “I’m so sorry Dean.”
It was clear she had not been affectionate with him in a long time. He had noticed it on their previous dates; the man basically melted when he was touched. He knew it had been almost four years since the divorce and he hadn’t been in another relationship since then. He had no family besides a brother who lived on the other side of the country and the few friends that hadn’t sided with his wife, he wasn’t that close with anyway. Castiel was obviously touch-starved. He only had his daughter and Dean wasn’t sure if it was Amelia’s influence or if Claire was just that spoiled, but she definitely made him work his ass off trying to please her.
His first date with Dean took place about two weeks after they met. Dean had invited him out for coffee to a little place Castiel had only visited a few times but discovered Dean actually owned. It was not your usual coffee shop for sure. While it did have a vaguely hipster-type vibe that he got from most individually owned shops, this one was more focused on classic rock. Vintage guitars and records adorned the walls along with dozens of overlapping band posters. The décor also included some 80s action and cheesy horror movie items. None of the furniture matched in the traditional sense but somehow the items complimented each other. The coffee selection was pretty standard although the names of the drinks had been changed to match the theme. There was also pie and pastries instead of the usual cookies and cakes. Even though Castiel had only spent a few hours with the man, he could easily pick up that this place was very “Dean”.
“Yes. Not sure why. No other associated health problems as far as we can tell. She just can’t hear.”
Finished with his boots, Dean started to put on his coat. “Not the same. So, do you wanna come or not?”
Impala67: really. i could stay on the couch or at a hotel nearby. just until Gabe gets back. we could eat ice cream and burn balthadouche’s stuff
Dean was a bit nervous about learning yet another language as he was still very self-conscious over his French-speaking skills, but he felt better about the fact that the whole family would be learning together. Castiel was excited. He was willing to do anything to help Max and unlike the recommendations they’d gotten in Brazil, Charlie’s suggestions didn’t leave a bad taste in his mouth.
Yes, mini horses can be service animals. No, I don't have one... yet.
Besides, Dean hardly ever left his room without a shower first so there would be some warning before he came out.
“Castiel got West Nile a few months ago. Caused encephalitis.”
They stayed frozen for a few seconds. Dean scowling and Castiel stuck between anger and arousal. Even pissed as he was, Dean was still incredibly attractive. His brain caught up with the situation quickly though and anger won out. How dare Dean force his way into his home? He pushed the other man back roughly. “Is your Baby worth going to jail? Because the way I see it, this is trespassing. Maybe even battery.”
He noticed a tick in her jaw and a barely suppressed eye roll. She all but snatched the prescription from him and wrote a new one. “This won’t be nearly as effective but if you insist…” She ripped off the page and handed it to him. “My nurse will be back in with those other referrals.” She grabbed her paperwork and brusquely left the room.
He grabbed his chest in mock horror. “The hell did I get myself into?”
: Do you want to go?
Dean spoke up in broken French. “Papa will be ok. The doctor will make him better.”
Dean dropped his arm and shook his head. “Not following your logic here, Cas.”
Meg looked at him quizzically. “Aren’t you Pan?”
“Stop it. You’re mean.” Castiel pouted.
Naturally, most of their family and friends came to celebrate Patience’s first birthday as part of the family. Gabriel brought another monstrously-sized cake while Benny volunteered for grill duty again with Jesse’s help. Garth showed up with another bunch of balloons and his sock puppet, Mr. Fizzles. The puppet critiqued the elaborate pictures Cesar was drawing on the patio in chalk while the children watched on; laughing whenever Cesar snapped at Mr. Fizzles. Jo was simultaneously flirting with and scaring Alfie with info from her criminal justice classes. Sam and Andrea sat near the firepit, deep in conversation. Apparently, someone tried to pass off a pet as a service dog and there was damage in one of the rooms of the hotel she managed. The woman was threatening to sue since the hotel demanded she pay for the repairs and Sam was throwing in his legal opinion. Meg was chatting with Balthazar and Castiel noticed her checking out his brother more than once while he bent over the table arranging the deserts. He wished those two would stop dancing around each other. Claire and Kevin’s parents were chatting with Ellen and Kelly while Bobby was stuck between Hannah and Anna. Bobby had let it slip how much he cared for Tori Spelling and now there was no escape as his cousins were also fans. Castiel smiled as he watched everyone’s interactions. He was used to their familiar gatherings and thrilled that their children fit into them so seamlessly.
His husband dropped his head back and moaned, his hips grinding down a bit in a silent plea for more. “S-sorry Cas. Just w-want you so bad.”
When Dean answered his door a month later to Castiel on his doorstep holding a framed copy of the local paper which headline announced a possible movie about the no-call, Dean told him he loved him.
Their marriage was stronger than ever. Dean never got annoyed at Castiel for being too sick to do things and was infinitely patient with him. They’d just had a second honeymoon a few months prior. It was a two-week Alaskan cruise. The rocking of the boat threatened to be hell on Castiel’s balance, but Dr. Adamson had given him some stronger medication and they ended up having a wonderful time.
Sam blushed while Eileen tried to hold back her own laugh. “When Sam started coming in for private signing lessons.”
The only other girl, Ruby, spoke up. “That’s Castiel, Meg, and Garth.”
Castiel stared at their tangled fingers. “What if it’s not? What if it’s worse than he thought?” he said miserably.
Castiel didn’t look totally convinced, but he smiled back anyway. He and Dean discussed business a bit more. Dean getting a list of produce Cas needed and Cas marking down what honeys Dean was running low on. He also requested some of Castiel’s new products to see how they sold and bought a few little bees to decorate his booth. That last request had Cas practically glowing and seemed to dispel any lasting tension from Dean’s earlier behavior. By the time they finished, the market had opened and shoppers had started to trickle in. They parted ways and Dean went back to his own booth to greet his first customer.
“Hmm. I don’t want the twins to miss anything. We need to rake the yard first anyway.”
Dean mentally went through their schedules. “Cas gets off at four. I’ll try and see if I can get outta here early and meet you there around 4:15.”
“For the last time: I said I wasn’t sure. I just need to vent, Dean!” His voice had risen to nearly a shout and he lowered it so he wouldn’t wake the kids. “This whole situation sucks. I’m just trying to deal with the fact that I’m always going to have this stupid, fucking…
He cleared his throat to collect himself. “Thanks Cas. Same goes for you. I know all of this is hard on you, but I’m here for ya. Sammy too.”
The women led them down a short hallway into a meeting room. Another woman with a round face and a cheerful smile sat at the table along with an older man with glasses and a stern expression. “Please have a seat. This is Maria Aranda; she is our interpreter. And this is Phoenix Rocha; he is our psychologist. They are both going to be conducting your home visits.”
Damn, this guy had a gravelly voice. “This sale is great huh? Bummer about the store though.”
Dean entered the lobby of the dance studio and sighed in relief at the feeling of the air conditioning. It wasn’t too hot out yet, but he hadn’t been able to find a closer parking spot and had to park almost two blocks away. Shucking his overshirt, he looked around trying to find Jo. He was a little early, so he figured if she wasn’t done yet, he could watch the end of her practice. After speaking to the woman at the reception desk, he followed her directions to one of the larger studios and walked in.
Impala67: no way! what server?
He pointed to his jersey. “Watching the game. You?”
It was time for a face to face with Castiel Novak.
Castiel spoke slowly. “Dean. I’m not interested in
from us.”
Dean startled a bit and placed a hand over Castiel’s. “Sorry. We just thought it would be a few days. Yes, please. We’d like that very much.”
ordered these for you. That’s why I’m home early. I got the delivery notification and had
Dean shut his mouth immediately. He’d never heard Cas speak to anyone that way. If he wasn’t so shocked, he’d be able to admit he found it hot.
Dean watched the guy run off to find another victim while he lay in the grass. After getting over the initial sting, Dean picked up his guns and headed off of the playing field. As he walked, he plotted his revenge on this guy if he came across him during the next game.
“Stop, Cas! You’re getting all worked out over maybes and what ifs. This may be nothing or it may be something, but no matter what, I’m not going anywhere. I love you more than anything and I never want to be without you.” Dean gave him a sad smile and cupped his cheek. “Are you hearing me sweetheart?”
“Very much so.” Dean moved forward and pulled Castiel into a deep kiss that started off heated but turned more languid as Castiel pulled back. “Slow down, love. I really do need to wash up first.”
“I’ll put him down.”
“Don’t get used to it. It’s just ‘cause you’re hurt. Now, I’m going to get Dean. Hold this rag and
: Yes. I like it.
Oh no. This conversation was headed in a dangerous direction. “I’m not married anymore. But, yes. I do take Claire here often. They have great membership rates and it’s very educational. Did you know they have workshops on different topics during the week?”
Dean came in the back door just as he started on the second burger. As always, seeing his husband after a day of work sent a flood of what felt like relief through his system. They’d been married almost five years and he didn’t think he’d ever stop feeling like a giddy teen with a crush at the sight of him. Their eyes met and Dean gave him a warm smile. “Hey babe.” He stepped up behind Castiel and wrapped his arms around his waist. He sighed before kissing the back of his neck. “Missed you.” He let go to stand at Castiel’s side who looked up at the slightly taller man. “Did you go to the Roadhouse?” His green eyes swept hungrily over the food on the counter and he subconsciously licked his lips.
Castiel returned the smile. “Well, that’s a relief. It must be hard having to deal with her all the time. I wouldn’t have lasted much longer myself if you hadn’t interrupted.”
“Save it for your fiancée. So, how’re we doing this?”
: Hello Dean. I didn’t expect to hear from you.
The next day, Castiel was still kicking himself over his behavior around Dean. He’d never had the best people skills and Dean had caught him off guard with the sudden introduction. It was also the first time Castiel had seen the man up close and he’d been doubly stunned by his beautiful eyes and smattering of freckles. Add in a deep aversion to confrontation being triggered by his simple request to keep the noise down once it got late, and all that equaled one very stressed and deeply embarrassed Castiel Novak.
“Just a little.” Dean rubbed circles into his back. He didn’t seem to be able to keep himself from doing it. “Anything else?”
“What?”
Castiel was pleased so many of his cousins showed up. Growing up, his family had been deeply religious. When he came out in high school, his parents, Naomi and Chuck, were shocked. To their credit, they did try very hard to be supportive even if they struggled with it at times. His aunts, uncles, and several cousins were not so understanding. Many chose to cut ties when it became clear his parents were not going to cut him off. It caused a lot of strain and when his parents died in his freshman year of college, most of their siblings didn’t attend the funerals. Only a handful of cousins chose to stay in contact after that.
“I got fired.”
“I know, but what if-”
Gabriel and Meg were still going strong. They had a three-year-old son named Loki. Although the boy was gentle and sweet, he was already incredibly sneaky and could put up some pretty logical arguments for a toddler. Castiel remembered Gabriel acting the same way when they were younger and constantly wondered how his parents had put up with it. Apparently, good teeth were also genetic because logically the boy shouldn’t have any left after all the sugar Gabriel let him have. He and Meg spoiled him rotten, but had already declared one child was enough for them. They also swore they would never get married. Castiel knew it wasn’t because they were unsure of their relationship, they just preferred not conforming. He was a little sad that he’d never stand up at his brother’s wedding, but they had asked him to be Loki’s Godfather to make up for it.
Dean supported Castiel as they walked towards the front of the house. He shouted for Patience to follow them inside. “Couch or bed babe?”
“I won’t.” He was a mess. He couldn’t even stop himself from leaning slightly towards the dancer as he pulled away.
Impala67: dont think it would really be my thing. no offense, but i actually have a life. everyone ive met who plays wow either dont have lives or live with their parents
He brought Castiel out to dinner at one of their favorite burger places. As usual, his fiancée could not control himself around a good burger. Dean wondered, not for the first time, if he should tell Cas how loudly he moaned around a good bite. As always, he decided not to. The restaurant was noisy and nobody else seemed to notice so he just let it go. The noises he made were sexy as hell and reminded Dean of other times Castiel moaned that way. Maybe he
Castiel rose from his seat and walked to the door. “I’ll see you next month.” He turned and left without waiting for a reply.
“No, I didn’t.” The woman practically purred. “But maybe if I get to see you here more often, I should look into it.” She returned her hand to rest on his arm.
Castiel couldn’t answer her. His mouth froze in what felt like a manic grin before pointing at the phone. Meg lifted it and quickly scanned the e-mail. Castiel watched her brown eyes dart back and forth as she read. She looked up and smiled before pulling Castiel into a hug. “This is amazing, Clarence.” Her murmured voice actually sounded sincere for once. She pulled back and gripped his hand. “I’m so happy for you guys.”
“Yes. I don’t even think I’ll miss him that much. It’s more that… we’d just been together so long. Three years, you know. I don’t think we were really a couple at the end. Just roommates who ate together and occasionally fucked.”
“Where are they?” Dean growled out. He held his arms stiffly at his sides and his hands were squeezed into tight fists.
“Then we’ll deal with it. Remember when they thought you could have a tumor?”
“I don’t know if you’ve noticed, but your poor dad is just about killing himself trying to make you happy.”
“Alright. Someone will come by to get you soon.” With one last look at Gabriel, Dr. Kali left the room.
Dean stiffened a bit. Cain was a fellow beekeeper. He was more of a hobbyist these days and didn’t sell at the farmer’s market anymore. He helped Cas get started when he first got into apiculture. The man was always pleasant, but Dean didn’t like the way he looked at Cas. Castiel had never expressed any interest in the other man in
“Goodnight Dean.”
Castiel gave his husband a slow once-over. “Your whole body, hmm?”
Ugh, he needs to take a piss and drink about a gallon of water. A glance at the clock shows that it’s earlier than usual, but maybe a nice greasy breakfast will help him feel better. He can always shower after cooking.
“I think it’s time for you to leave.” Castiel growled out between clenched teeth.
“Right.”
She gave him a crooked smile and squeezed his shoulder. Castiel followed her into the house and headed to his room. He could hear the children playing in the twins’ room and grimaced. He shouldn’t have come home like this. What was he thinking?
Time passed strangely for Castiel. There were flashing lights and urgent voices. He could feel the bed below him moving and thought he may have been in a car at one point, but that didn’t make sense.
to get them before you did. Although… at the moment, I’m not complaining.” His heated gaze returned to Dean’s lower half and he tilted his head as he took in his ass. “Mmm. I’m glad my hunch was right. You look delicious in those.”
“Interesting name.”
“That’s why you’re my favorite brother.” Castiel said in a singsong voice before sitting down and shutting the door.
“Have you looked into those support groups?”
“That long?”
Twenty minutes later, only one third of the yard was done. Patience had fun with the rake for a little while but quickly switched to throwing handfuls of leaves into the bag. Dean came out with sandwiches and after taking a break to eat, they finished most of the yard. One large pile remained in the middle and Dean showed Patience how to jump into the leaves.
Following his humiliating defeat during the nerf gun battle, Dean had some lunch before moving on to a different event. This one was a car wash competition. The sorority girls had volunteered their vehicles for the challenge. It was simple; see who could wash and dry a car the fastest. Dean had this one in the bag. He’d been washing Baby since he was ten and he was damn good at it. The horn sounded and off they went. There were around twenty guys in the lot. Dean hardly spared anyone else a look as he furiously went over every inch of the little Toyota he was cleaning. Any time he did take a glance, he could see that he was well ahead of everyone else. When the time came to rinse, he lifted his hose and… nothing. No water was coming out. What the hell? It was fine when he started. He gave the hose a few tugs in case there was a kink, but nothing happened. Swearing, he ran to the end to try and find the problem when he noticed the hose had been
Even with all the junk food that kid had consumed, she skipped off the ride with no problem while Dean had to pause at the nearest trash can to wait for his stomach to settle. He was really regretting that second corn dog when Castiel appeared at his side looking concerned. He rubbed his back while Dean tried to focus on breathing. Before he could wonder where Claire went, the girl was on his other side holding up a small styrofoam cup.
Castiel’s eyes grew wide. “They all knew?”
“I didn’t think that was possible…”
Two hours later and Dr. Kali returned with another woman holding a file. “Castiel, this is Dr. Barnes. She’s the neurologist who looked over your MRI.”
Meg piped up, “Actually, you interrupted our conversation in the first place.”
“A mini Australian Shephard. Seriously Dean-o, I couldn’t have dreamed up a better puppy for you guys.” Dean rarely saw Meg smile, but at this moment he could practically feel her glee through the phone.
Well,
Dean leaned his head back against the wall trying to catch his breath and still letting out the occasional giggle. He closed his eyes and hummed. “So where do we go from here, man?”
Castiel sat stunned. What the hell was that? He was normally very healthy and didn’t have to visit his doctor very often, but she had always been nothing but polite. Was this because he questioned her? No. That couldn’t be it. Why would she react that way to basic questions? Perhaps she was just having an off day. Doctors could have those too, right? He went over the conversation a few more times trying to find out what had caused her behavior change before he realized it had been a while since she left.
“Is this why you’ve been so tired lately? You been stayin up makin all this stuff?”
He must have made some kind of noise because Cas turns to look at him.
“C’est bon. Je parle français.”
Castiel was surprised. “They were?”
“Look, you asked how it went and I’m being honest. I didn’t like it.” Castiel’s irritation was rising by the second.
Were those actual air quotes? “Yea man. Two bucks a movie is awesome.” He got a look at the case the stranger held. “Raiders? Nice.”
Castiel lifted his head and glanced at the other men. Pity. They both looked at him with pity. He wanted to scream. He wanted to rage. He didn’t want or need their pity! But he was so tired. So tired of fighting. Even now, he could feel it. It wasn’t an attack, but his head felt slightly foggy, like he’d just had a few shots and was starting to feel the alcohol hit his system. He just wanted to go home, ignore the world, shut down his muddled head, and sleep. “No.”
The date was perfect. Dean was just as funny and charming as Castiel remembered him being. He asked about Claire and how the gifts had gone over. Castiel was pleased to report that she was very excited about the items and had even given him a hug. He choked up a bit when he revealed that that was the first hug she’d initiated in almost two years and Dean moved to his side of the table to pull him into an embrace of his own. The contact was wonderful and Dean remained beside him for the rest of their date. Occasionally, they’d brush arms or legs and Castiel couldn’t help but lean into the small touches. They made plans to meet up again soon and departed with an extended hug which ended with Dean placing a chaste kiss on his cheek.
Max said his first words just before the one-year anniversary of their adoption. He still didn’t talk much and usually preferred to sign: generally only speaking at school or when around someone who couldn’t sign. Nobody minded. Most of the family had become fluent anyway since so many members were deaf or hard of hearing. If Max chose not to speak, no one was going to make him. He was also doing well in school: he had good grades and had joined the soccer team. Max even had a small group of friends who were learning to sign as well. He and Jack had grown thick as thieves over the years and the two would stay up late into the night signing with each other.
Aside from being woken up throughout the night, Castiel slept pretty well. Around mid-morning, Dean let Patience, Alicia, and Max into the room and they did another puppy pile around their Papa. When Ellen came to grab the kids for lunch, Castiel called Dean back before he could escape along with them.
WaywardAngel: I actually prefer RP PVP as well.
Castiel led Sam closer to where the children were playing. Max, who had been watching curiously, sat down and curled into himself when he noticed the larger man approaching. Patience studied him and then smiled. They’d seen pictures and had Skyped with some of their new family members a lot over the last month. “Hi, Uncle Sam. Merci- um, thank you pour DVDs et… Papa, comment tu dis livres?”
Now he was truly uncomfortable. He cleared his throat again and shifted his arm so she’d let go. “Yes well. Do, um, do you take Ben to the Children’s Museum often?” He silently prayed he wouldn’t be running into Lisa again outside of school.
“Oh, we goin’ public now?” He huffed a laugh. “Bring it!”
Castiel hummed. “Good. Bring Jo home and be back at six.”
“To be fair, I did threaten him with being on the receiving end of a prank if he didn’t help me. So, don’t be too mad ok?”
Dean stood up. “I’ll grab some pizzas. What do y’all want?”
Castiel grunted at the mispronunciation of his name. His husband helped him stand up and led him back. “I’ll be right out here.” He heard his brother call.
“I can do a hearing test. Would that make you feel better?”
“It’s about time. Who goes to Blockbuster anymore?”
Castiel studied his husband’s face. Dean never kept secrets if he could help it and he must have had a good reason to now. “Ok, but we’re talking about this tomorrow.”
Where was Dean? Fingers moved through his hair. Oh, there he was.
Dr. Barnes turned pitying eyes on him. “I’m afraid not. Some people go into remission and it never comes back, but it probably wasn’t true Meniere’s in that case. It can come and go for a few years but is eventually permanent. The vertigo spells usually become less severe.”
“That’s Lisa. Anyway, school shut her down pretty quick. I doubt they’d listen to anything she’d have to say about you.” Dean gave him a small smile. Castiel noticed the little crow’s feet next to his green eyes and the freckles sprinkled across his nose.
The music ended and Castiel stopped moving. Dean felt like he was waking up from a dream as the other man walked towards him with a smile on his face. He had a light sheen of sweat on his forehead and he was breathing heavily. Dean had never wanted anyone more. “Did you like?”
“Look Castiel, I’m not saying to ignore the advice of your doctor. I’m saying that sometimes you need to be your own advocate. Go to the specialists and see what they say. If you think stress may be the problem, talk to a mental health professional. General practitioners only have a surface knowledge of mental disorders. If you like, I could suggest a few people.”
have an early morning tomorrow and, well…” Castiel wouldn’t meet his eyes and his gaze darted around at nothing in particular as he struggled to get the words out. “It’s fine right now, but um… would you please try to keep the noise down after ten?” By the time he finished speaking, Castiel’s face was flushed a deep red and he was back to staring at his feet.
Balthazar leaned forward and covered one of Castiel’s hands with his own. “Don’t you worry that pretty little head. I’ve been thinking about this for a while. You know your friend Benny?”
Dean sniffled and wiped his hands on his cheeks as he tried to collect himself. Castiel used the edge of the blanket to finish drying his face. “They think you got West Nile Virus in Brazil. Remember all the mosquitos at the zoo?”
“Dean. Dean look at me please.” Dean turned and faced Castiel. He had narrowed his eyes again and thrown in a head tilt just to really twist the knife. God, Dean couldn’t do this. “Do you have a problem with Cain? Is that why you’re so upset?”
