Castiel chases after those sounds, biting his lip, riveted on Dean and the effect he is having on the man - what makes his head fall back against the mattress, what drags moans from his throat and makes his hips hitch. He can do more, he knows he can, but he wants to use his hands, he wants Dean to simply
But for the most part, the closet’s contents are mundane at best. Old tiles. A discarded chair. Electrical wiring in large spools stacked on top of one another, and buckets of dried plaster.
“...Okay.” Dean breathes out slowly, and it takes, somehow. He can feel it under his skin, spreading like warm molasses.
Dean’s still looking at him askance, and Castiel repeats himself, in case he was mistaken. He’s not often at the bunker for long, not lately; perhaps it’s come into use.
It’s been quiet for what feels like weeks, ever since God and the Darkness just… left. No Lucifer, no hunts, no world-ending catastrophe, and Dean has been hovering somewhere between tentative calm and just about ready to slice ‘n’ dice the first thing that looks at him sideways.
Dean blinks, like he’d been just starting a spiel and wasn’t expecting not to finish it—  likely because that was exactly the case. But Castiel doesn’t see the purpose in it; while he enjoys hearing Dean talk, even this sleep deprived ramble, he’s already made up his mind.
“Voice. Mouth,” she murmurs softly, and Dean can’t move as her hand drifts up, fingertip leaving a dark smudge up his forehead, “Mind…” He hears Castiel’s voice low in the back of his head, these same words, anointing with sweet rather than bitter-
The idea of his own room was a stupid one, a useless concept, yes, but— it was strangely interesting. Exciting, almost. He remembered his days as a human, that deep-seated yearning for a safe place to lie his head and leave his few possessions. A place to be still, when one wasn’t working or on the road or on the case, as it often was. It was an important place, symbolically and physically; he remembered the line of Dean’s shoulders, the first time Castiel had come to the bunker and been given the ‘tour’ as it were. The tentatively proud set to his jaw— the way he kept stealing glances at Castiel, looking for his reaction. His approval, perhaps, or just a shared pleasure, the same that he wore as they went through room after room. Theirs.
He comes closer, approaching the other side of the Impala. All the car’s doors are open, splayed out like stout geometric wings, and as he draws close he can hear the unpracticed timbre of Dean’s voice under the radio. It’s loud enough that he knows Dean isn’t aware of his presence, so he takes care to approach with a firmer step than usual.
. That was the problem, really, because he loved being wanted. He did. It made something light up in his belly, got his jeans a little too tight, and he’s done all kinds of stupid things for less.
we don’t know how all this works! It’s about soul connections. He could’ve fried your insides when you connected. You don’t know.”
Dean catches sight of half a dozen sigils he sort of recognizes, little patterns wending through a rat’s nest of colored lines, circuits and runes scribed into metal and old plastic-dipped wires.
. The faint concern just keeps orbiting around him, bumping up close every once in a while only to play ding-dong-ditch.
Another pause, and Dean shrugs. He hangs up succinctly and doesn’t bother putting his cell away, letting it fall from his lax fingers to clatter that last inch to the floor.
Dean grabs a shirt from where it was thrown over the end of the bed, presumably before he abandoned it for cooler terrain, and pulls it over his head. It sticks stubbornly until Dean yanks it down, but aside from a passing glance at a similarly discarded pair of worn pajama pants (and despite a tendency for covering himself head to foot), Dean doesn’t add anything else to his minimalist ensemble A cock of his head to the door, and Castiel finds himself following after him into the hallway.
He’s already feeling hazy, smoke curling in his lungs as he sinks into the spell, Castiel’s face disappearing into the gray as Dean falls back through the counter. It’s different than before, soft velvet wrapping around him rather than the rolling wave of black that hit him before and put him under.
He makes no sense of it. But, all things told, part of knowing Dean seemed to simply be knowing his limitations.
No. That isn’t Dean, not at all. Not willingly. There’s been something wrong with Dean for days, and what has Castiel done? Taken advantage. Crawled onto his lap and parted his lips and--
Castiel runs a hand over the smooth grooves of one of the sigils, shoving his thumb against it like he can erase it with sheer force of will — which, normally, would yield a very satisfactory result. This lack of response in any manner, heavenly or no, is rapidly turning into a burr in his skin. He even vaguely recognizes the language, which is bothersome enough.
Dean freezes midstep and almost just pinwheels back out of the room, but too late- Castiel’s already looking at him over his shoulder, and Dean is pinned in place about as surely as a dead bug in one of Sam’s seventh grade science projects.
he, seriously, but another glance at Castiel’s hands and he fumbles the pass. He settles for giving him a look as Sam’s stupid mouth curves.
In any matter, from outside this fixed point, he can let his mind wander; was Dean dreaming, right now? What of? Though he purposes not to “eavesdrop”, as Sam puts it, thanks to their oft-repeated stance on the matter, sometimes their minds were all but shouting to be heard-- and those shouts were rarely pleasant meanderings or daydreams. He is gratified, almost, to walk by Sam’s room and hear nothing, an emptiness that spoke of calm, rather than the young man’s usual well-buried turmoil.
Castiel frowns slightly, lifting a hand to brush a reddened cheek, “Dean... I can’t imagine anything you want right now is stupid.” He says, carefully. He doesn’t know what Dean’s talking about, but it certainly doesn’t seem stupid by the way he’s talking about it. Or the way he’s reacting to it.
Castiel watches Dean, sprawled out long at his feet. He has one leg up, an elbow resting on a bent knee. His head is tilted back against the stone, almost as if in supplication.
Scowling, Dean starts to go through the phones, grabbing them one by one and listening to each with narrowed eyes. Still,
“Cas, leave it alone already. You tried for hours, come on, you— here.” He gave a tug, and Castiel found himself sitting perched on the edge of the front bench. “Stay, alright? Do whatever it is you gotta do, but just… stay here, for a little while first. You gotta relax about all this, man. I mean, what’s the harm in a little agora-whatever now and then?” His tone is charmingly cajoling, but it’s the thread of actual want underneath that keeps Castiel’s feet in place. Dean alights onto this fact immediately.
“...So anyway, we’re Lucy in the sky with diamonds for now, though I figure what the hell, huh? And our resident angel doesn’t approve, but when’s the last time
He sees a curl in the haze like a thunderhead preaching a coming storm, and follows it to a fan that’s currently pointed at Dean Winchester’s unusually bare feet, swinging lazily in the low-slung haze — but how? He’d left Dean back at the stone only minutes before, hadn’t he?
And at Dean’s questioning look, Sam keeps going. “Doing the oracle ritual, you know? Reading the visions.”
“I have you,” Castiel repeats. Dean’s boot treads find balance on the metal steps like he’s testing them.
, fingers digging into the wood until it creaks. And when he finds Castiel’s eyes again, they’ve gone from lightning to thundercloud, a low simmer that catches right in his throat and sends heat coiling tight in his belly.
Dean’s mouth slopes into a lopsided smile, Castiel’s full attention snapping to his face as Dean’s hands slide onto his shoulders with a low, rough hum of, “W-wow. That’s… hm.” Dean’s temple is beaded with sweat, clinging to his scalp and darkening his hair.
"With- baking??" Dean’s pretty sure Sam’s never baked in his goddamn life. Come to think of it, he isn’t sure he has, either- “Why?”
He weaves his way down blending and blurring halls. He stops once or twice just to breathe, pressing his forehead against warm, dripping tile walls and squeezing his eyes shut before forging onward. His room is so damn close.
The state of his sleeves makes no difference to Castiel, but he finds himself appreciating the smirk. He appreciates many things about Dean’s face. He shifts a little closer, and--
He hears Sam before he sees him, water sloshing from his footsteps. Sam turns the corner, nearly obscured by a stack of dusty files he balances awkwardly. He startles.
“Good, your turn then. My throat’s dry as hell. Cas, make some room.” Dean gestures for Castiel to trade spots with Sam. He thumps where Castiel was sitting, giving Sam a grin as Sam frowns at him.
Another blink and the roar of rushing water fills his ears, roiling static. She’s disappearing down the black gash of the seam and he follows after. The falling water parts like curtains, and Dean sees stairs carved into the stone leading down into darkness. She descends like she /knows every step. Dean takes them slower, but he doesn’t stop.
But when he sinks down and leans back against it, all he can bring himself to care about is how blessedly cool it feels against his skin.
He steels himself as he wends closer, trying to keep loose, trying to ignore the need to stay on the path, the need to follow as it twinges at him.
He looks up at the open bathroom door as he hears a shuffling sound, a hitched breath that could only be Dean’s, and quiet again. He frowns faintly. “Dean?” He calls, and there’s another sound, so he turns to plant bare feet on the ground, “Dean, are you-”
That was it. Had to be. This was by far the longest dry spell he’d ever had, so of course he was getting it up for just about anybody who wasn’t his kid brother. It made sense, right?
Dean nods slowly, considering the ragged seam. “And now, maybe it’s running up against something hot. A pipe, maybe. Could be what’s causing all this steam…”
Castiel had hardly closed the door behind them before Dean’s gone straight for his duffel, digging out a flask and tilting it back. Even now, Dean’s pacing as Castiel tries to talk to him, doing anything but make eye contact with Castiel - though after last night, Castiel figures it’s probably for the best.
Dean flatlines for a second,  but he manages another “Sure?” at mostly the same pitch. His eyes flick to Castiel’s mouth, remembering lips glistening with honey and tasting it on his own.
The friction between them feels enormous, a summer thundercloud of static and heat sparking as their skin brushes, as Dean arches and sighs and curses against his mouth.
It was definitely just another dream then, he decides, just his subconscious mind - dick, more like- looking for an outlet while he was high as fuck. It wasn’t like there much time to get laid, these days. Lebanon was home now, which meant complicated, which meant Lebanon women were off limits. One night stands had lost their shine over the years.
Sam raises a brow, “Really? Mr. My-PB&J-Tastes-Like-Molecules? C’mon, he can’t taste it. But if you’re bent on sharing- I mean, I saw him go by my room a while ago.” He punctuates it with a shrug.
“Like... Delphi? 300-style hot virginal types with all the... the twisting and the see-through robes and all the future gibberish?”
The old plastic handle of the phone creaks in his hand. It’s got a hairline crack winding down the back, flexing and shifting in time with his grip. When he finally relaxes and sets it back down on the desk, the crack nearly disappears.
"Come on- come on, do it, Cas, you've gotta be close," Dean's voice is lazy-soft around the edges, slurred almost, softer than Castiel's maybe ever heard it, whispering a "fuck," when Castiel sinks into him and Dean's head falls back against the mattress as Castiel grips him tight.
Castiel picks up one of the electrical spools, studying it. It’s large, endless miles of thin coated wire. The one he holds is blue, but there are green and red spools as well. He cocks his head.
The three of them fumble down the garage stairwell together in an awkward tangle. It’s only a short set of steps, but the rushing water takes their feet out from under them a step down and sends them hurtling toward the hallway wall just outside the door.
Castiel had thought he wasn’t awake, but Dean’s voice, while coarse with sleep, is just pointed enough to be aimed right at him.
He keeps one hand on the wall as he walks-- and what the hell’s all the wire about, anyway? He plucks at a green cord, but he’s distracted by-- himself, drenched in red, running past with gritted teeth and paramilitary gear, rifle raised to shoot. He looks older, eyes lined and frown carved into his mouth, and fades by just as fast.
He flips the faucet cooler than he usually likes it, just to shake the last of the flush from his skin. So it’s just salt in the wound when the shower spits hot water onto his shoulders, jolting him awake even faster than the cold shower he’d been aiming for.
“Yeah, Cas.” Dean drawls. He has one arm flung out over the concrete, away from them, but the other is flat on his bare belly, a lazy curve of blunt fingers that were as easily turned to violence as any anything else. Castiel studies them, and the skin they touch; Dean’s torso is flushed, a bare sheen of sweat clinging to him.
Footsteps sound, and Castiel is on his feet before he realizes it. It isn’t Dean, he knows that instinctually from the rise and fall of them- but it must be Sam.
Dean slides back onto him and does it just so, Castiel biting off a groan as Dean finds a rolling pace, his hands leaving trails of heat behind where he touches him. Dean’s nothing but persistent when he has a goal in sight, a merciless bloodhound with a scent, and this is no different. Castiel can barely control himself, hands grasping at whatever skin he can find as Dean comes so, so close to overwhelming him, to ending this and Dean hasn’t even- he wants to see-
“You, uh, need a second to memorize that?” Dean jokes, but Castiel doesn’t answer, staring intently at the number on Dean’s door. He lifts a hand to his tie, loosening it, Dean’s eyes following the motion as his throat goes dry.
Sam looks between them as he waves the last embers of the bowl out in an absent, practiced motion. “The books? ...Yeah. Yeah, sorry, I had to sleep on a few things. I only need them a little while longer, but I’ll leave them in the library after, all right?”
“A tower of-- that doesn’t make any sense, Sam.” Sam should know this, but perhaps he’s more affected than Castiel has seen so far, and Castiel takes a step closer. “Are you sure you aren’t feeling ill? The leaves in that pie--”
He’s been trudging around puddles in the bunker for almost an hour, listening for it to start again, any clue as to where it’s actually coming from; he’s notched off all the possibilities, every phone and alarm- he’d even checked the carbon monoxide plugin one that someone (Sam) had put down in the garage.
It’s always work to get the fusebox pried open. The metal is warped somewhere vital — again, him— and the hinges are perpetually jammed.
“I think both of you should stay away from it.” Castiel says in response, nostrils flaring at their matching skeptical expressions. Castiel’s own tightens and sours, and they both take a few steps back placatingly, until the angel is between them and the shivering still stone.
After a moment of hedging, Dean dips his fingers into the oil. They drip. His finger slips slick down his face, leaving thin, wet strips. It feels ridiculous and a little gross- but it also feels like readying for war, like whatever the feeling of flowers opening to the sun is.
Dean adjusts himself with a perturbed huff, flipping restlessly onto his side and shoving his face into his pillow so he can open his eyes - who knew your eyelids could get sore just trying to stay shut, like some weird muscle? He’s busy telling himself that
“Yes, that is a succinct way to put it. Anyway, we’ll need to put out the burning waters below us before you’ll return to normal. And I can’t imagine this extended meditative state is all that good for you and Sam.”
“Sure. Sure, just— I’m gonna be pissed if a nine-foot drop is what kills me, alright? Hold it steady.”
But it’s his last chance to do it right, so when Sam gives him a puzzled smile, Dean swallows down the pain and gestures him over. He’s going to do this right. He has to.
It doesn’t take long for the three of them to canvasse the rest of the bunker—  and converge again in the kitchen with nothing new. It’s midafternoon by Dean’s internal clock, and his phone confirms it as much as the stifling warmth. It’s late summer in Lebanon, Kansas, and unseasonably warm, even underground and buffered by concrete and wards and who knew what else.
That same daylight — the idea of it, anyway— bothers Dean; the idea of more heat against his  skin, the low Kansas sun searing at his eyes, heatwave glistening over blistered prairies even at this godforsaken hour. The thought alone makes him want to curl back up in his bed and sleep, useless or not.
Circumstances- mainly the alarms going off, and the whole crazy haloing thing- have done an admirable job of letting him off the hook, sure. But when it’s just him? Lying
“What? Whiskey, come on, you old fuddy duddy. It was in my don’t-tell-Sam stash. Which you are now sworn to secrecy about, by the way.” Dean waves his glass at him pointedly, then gestures at Castiel’s. Waiting for him to join him.
Castiel manages to twist enough not to crush Dean between himself and the wall when they hit, but Dean’s no lightweight himself, slamming into him and Sam and sending all three of them crashing to the floor as the water roars around them. Sam struggles to his feet beside him. Castiel drags Dean up against his chest to keep his head above water- water that suddenly slows to a trickle, leaving them gasping. Dean is at once heavy and a feather in Castiel’s grasp, and he can hear the low moan of panicked murmurs, wet hands spasming weakly in Castiel’s half-buttoned shirt as the water level drops drastically around them, flooding down the hall in either direction.
Sam exhales a soft laugh, the lighter clicking as he lights the bowl. Dean waves at it with a scowl, “Sam, knock it off, we can do this tomorrow.”
The bunker sits, silent, still. It cannot predict earthquakes, but on this particular afternoon when a 5.6 ripples across the Kansas landscape, it at least knows how to lock down against them. The doors shut. The systems go on hold until the world’s gone still again, except for the rattle of books on the shelves. Inside, they wait for it to end, and when it finally does there’s very little damage.
Cas had healed it; he knows that he did. Dean knows that strange ripple of warmth down to the molecule. It looks normal at every angle he could find.
As they draw closer to the bottom, the staircase walls are dotted with jagged rock formations. Unlike the neatly hewn steps, the walls are still natural, thick stalactites -- stalagmites? He never got them straight-- sprouting in messy jumbles. There’s a good one just a few steps down, drawing ever closer. Sturdy-looking, blunt, and more than sharp enough for his purposes. Hopefully not too sharp, or the only plan he’s even halfway got will be over before it starts.
Sam walks in, and their conversation comes to a practiced lull smooth as anything. Still, Dean takes the opportunity to stand, sending a scowl Sam’s way. His brother returns it with raised brows and a questioning twitch of a frown in Cas’ direction, gesture reading ‘what’s got up his ass’ clear as day.
“...What is that?” Concern roughs the edges of Castiel’s tone, and something about that raises Dean’s hackles, like maybe Cas should just
That being said, having started this mess way back before knowing it would end so soon... I've always wanted to write an SPN fic for this fandom, having been in it so so very long (since s3... cries...), so this is me giving back to all the wonderful works other fanartists have dreamt up over the years. Can't not pay my own tithe, right? So here goes nothing.
He taps the handrail, only half-listening to Sam and Castiel’s muted voices. In his periphery, Castiel moves forward, and he turns to watch as the angel studies the runes.
” Dean breaks off, almost with a hiccup, and he’s horrified to find the corners of his eyes all wet as he swipes at them, and to further his horror he starts hearing the ringing start again, almost gentle at the edge of his senses, “Are you fuckin’ gonzo, Sam? Since when is
Still, and he thinks his voice is remarkably even, “How?” It had been so foggy, an island of their own; he remembers the haze only falling away as the Impala’s black gleam betrayed her at arm’s reach. Where could Sam have been, to see them?
He doesn’t seem to notice, not until Castiel is at the side door. Dean cranes his head back to pause and look at him mid-word, open mouth curving into a tilting grin after a moment.
“Yes, the great Dean Winchester, fallen by domestic accident while defunct angel watches. The headlines would disappoint many, I’m sure.”
“C’mon, Dean, we survived whole summers in the Impala. At least here, there’s room to stretch out. We even have a few fans around, don’t we?”
Castiel had been waiting patiently as Dean tinkered, but his attention draws away. Dean straightens as the angel strides to the door.
Castiel, while aware of many, many things, was not so specifically aware of that; of course, he knew he was welcome. That he was one of them. But this? It was
“I’m going to fix this,” Castiel repeats, stumbling as he turned toward the stairs. He has to fix this— before his own senses betray him.
Dean peers through his fingers at him, but the halos seem to have faded, so he tentatively lowers his hand. “If you get my sheets wet…” Dean threatens.
Castiel nods slowly, “...Good. I’ll have to ask your brother if he’s felt any adverse effects, as well. I found him walking in his sleep last night.”
She looks up with a smile, but she isn’t quite the girl he’s been imagining. Older, first off, with elegant lines to her face. And instead of cherry lipstick, she wears a quirked smile on her wet, passion-bruised lips—  and when she stands, he can’t take his eyes off her.
For now, at least, he has a new mystery to deduce, one that would keep him right here. He leans back, inhaling the soft, familiar scent, and sets himself to determining where he’d felt it before. The heat doesn’t bother him; he’s aware of the rising temperature, of course, and he could feel the way it clings to his vessel, but it doesn’t drag at him the way it does Sam and Dean.
Dean snorts over a sidelong look, both brows raised. “...Works on angels too, I’m guessing?” It’s almost a tease, the way he laughs. “...Well, you know what, Cas? I’m gonna enjoy it while it lasts.”
-It feels like nothing. He can still hear Sam, sure, but it’s like he’s underwater, drifting in and out of range, nothing but warm vibrations rolling over his skin.
“What- what is it? Where?” And like that, Dean flips from henning him to high alert, pulling Cas behind him (pulling an
Sam inhales deeply, but he doesn’t close his eyes this time, gaze fixed on Dean. Dean’s head slumps aside and he watches him right back, unerring.
moment in his head. He’s already told himself he’s done thinking about it, and usually that’s a pretty reliable trick of his— but still, Cas’ cheek is stubbled and warm under his hand, and his mouth under the pad of his thumb… Well, it has some unanticipated staying power.
Sam frowns, “Cas wants us to figure this out, right? So we’re doing it. You need him to hold your hand or something?”
He settles fully atop the other man. Dean shifts under him, their hips pressing - and Castiel knows the ambrosia is out of his system but it still feels like a high, the sudden shock of arousal in his blood.
Dean’s hands are all over him, touching and brushing and checking like he might be missing something, or like his hand might come away bloody even though Castiel’s clothes are only damp with water, and Dean looks too concerned for Castiel’s sense of urgency.
to try and figure this out. Dean tries to think, scraping for a foothold, but Sam’s falling away and the floor is falling away and the walls peel off in slow motion. The world blooms, kaleidoscoping out of focus.
He strokes Dean firmer, once, twice, eyes flicking between Dean’s arousal and his face as Dean bites off a groan. Dean doesn’t seem to mind his inexperience, leaning back and watching Castiel’s hand curve around him.
He’s taken a few more loops around the bunker, stepping over puddles and wading through haze to his ankles, and every time his mind drifts, that goddamn concern itching at his hindbrain drags him back.
The shower is running, and Castiel isn’t even certain he’s still supposed to be here when Dean emerges, rubbing himself as dry as the humid air will allow with an old towel, but Dean doesn’t comment on Castiel’s presence. He just throws himself down on the bed next to Castiel - there’s another hint of that overly confident stance from earlier, too cocksure to be sure, but Dean just mutters a noncommittal “Y’ know, you can stay if you want, shower’s open,” and that’s apparently that.
Dean racks his brain, trying to remember the evening before. They were in the library. He’d pulled out some of his stash, cheap whiskey he kept in the ritzy cut glass decanters he’d found around the bunker.
Next to him, his cell phone rings -- or has it been ringing this whole time? Sound is going in and out of his ears, pulsing around his perception. It rattles noisily on the bedside table, and without taking his eyes off of her, he reaches for it.
As he watches, it crumbles apart, leaving behind nothing but a powdery dust and the smell of burnt oleander.
Dean’s hands touch his cheeks, just fingertips. Castiel stills to look up at him. Dean himself doesn’t quite stay still- he rakes a hand down his flushed face, looking away and then back at Castiel, starting to say something once or twice before getting it out. “I- fuck, hey, we’re doing this, right?” It’s like the words are tumbling out before he can stop himself, “I want to do something stupid, Cas, it’s really stupid, I just-”
“Yeah?” Dean growls. He sounds worn through, and Castiel feels an instant twinge of sympathy despite his annoyance.
Hell, he feels energized, clearer than he has in days, like he could go on one of Sam’s daybreak runs- that was its own kinda sick, but.
He presses forward, following as Sam drifts through the halls. It is, he realizes after a few moments, the same exact route he himself takes. He pauses by the kitchen, that sacred gathering place, and the bottom of the garage stairwell, where the Impala soundly rests. The round line of rooms, empty and otherwise. Sam’s room itself, the door open and room dark. Dean’s, the fan wedged into the doorway, still on his covers in the shadows.
Steam wisps up around him, swirling heavy over his skin, making dewy points of his eyelashes where they twitch over blank, unseeing eyes. Future dissipates into memory into present into past, soaks into his eyeballs and his mouth and steeps in his chest. Sweeps out the air in searing lungs. Bands up his heart tight.
Dean rolls his eyes, leaning past him to run his fingers over each switch, finding several popped. He makes a small, satisfied sound, flipping them and listening for the cool rush of air.
Castiel’s already on his feet again, wary. His blade had gone through it like air, lodged in the last hall. His own powers had no effect, and hitting with fists already seems useless.
Castiel cracks a crooked grin back up at him unbidden, buries a hand in his hair and kisses the tease from Dean’s mouth until they’re both gasping against each other. They’ve gone from a teasing tempo to a marching beat that doesn’t quite sync, the snap of Castiel’s hips up against Dean’s shuddering pace, Dean’s thigh muscles strong but shaking where they meet Castiel’s.
He reaches up, twisting Castiel’s tie around his fist until he can’t tell if it’s backwards and forwards, and drags Castiel’s mouth up to his. He kisses him hard, teeth clicking as it sets off a tidal wave that crashes down over them. They pull on each other, Castiel’s hand clasping the back of Dean’s neck and Dean’s other hand grabbing at his side to close the distance between their hips.
Dean coughs, waving to clear his vision. He still has a hand on Castiel, blunt fingers digging in his shoulder. Trying to drag him back. But Castiel feels rooted to the spot, the steam holding him there, pouring into his lungs to blacken him from the inside. He’s molting again, the darkness dripping around him, closing in on him. He can feel wet feathers on his arms, slimy like mold.
Castiel leans into him, as joined as they will ever be, and meets him headon in a heated, messy kiss that feels like so much more than-- than what this is, or what it will inevitably be, a profound loss that streaks through him before he’s even let go of him.
Dean’s shirt is stuck to him again, and he fans himself with a hand as sweat rolls down his throat to soak into his crewneck.
Dean’s still talking as Castiel drifts; his voice has taken on that mellow drawl it gets when he’s gone but good with it. “Up from there, though, I-29, start towards the Dakotas…” His eyes crinkle a bit at the corners, and Castiel knows his mind is drifting through Sioux Falls.
A lion’s part of it is concern for his friend, yes - and he much prefers that motivation, because the rest is that Castiel doesn’t want to go into the endless halls alone again, afraid of where he’ll end up next.
...Well, at least Dean isn’t the only one going full froot loops. He kind of appreciates it, in a twisted way. He shrugs and rummages through his duffel bag restlessly, trying not to think about Cas under warmer lights than these. When? If it was the future, was that the first time? He snags his flask and straightens up, twisting the cap off with a nervous flick of his thumb.
And it was certainly warm. At this point, it was almost bothering Castiel himself. Steam coils and licks, rising sleepily up the steps around them, and he watches how it curls around his lowered forearm, studies how it embraces Dean and Sam’s reclining figures.
The entryway is blocked by a bone-white stone, a slab nearly as tall as Sam when he loses that slight tall guy hunch and lets himself fill a space. It has a hand-hewn roundness to it, and a strange texture that resolved upon study into hundreds, thousands of sigils, every inch of alabaster covered.
Yet, it feels familiar… He prods it with a discarded fork and it gives way like dry dust, crackling apart. He expects juice to spill out of it, to stick to the fork and make a mess of the tin, but nothing.
For a moment, he remembers Dean’s lips on his- Dean’s fingers bruising his hips to keep him close, closer, like if he pulled hard enough Castiel could just melt into him,
“I’m gonna go ahead and guess ‘not enough’ for five hundred, Alex.” Dean sighs. “...I’ll grab a ladder.”
So… it’s been a while… and we didn’t finish this before 15… but after lying on the floor for about a week, that finale has spurred us back to work. And this wasn’t a fix-it fic before... but by god it is now. Next chapter will be posted as soon as we edit it. <3 (Also, the rating is going up soon for Reasons, you’re welcome)
“...Not a word.” Sam frowns, “...Cas, you got anything here?” He watches Castiel come closer, the angel’s shoulders squaring as he looks between them.
Dean scowls up at the showerhead, and then, grudgingly, shuffles back under the hot spray. It would take a moment to get used to, several degrees too hot for comfort, but at least it was cleaner than he was, right? It even felt sorta nice, beating down onto muscles sore from hours of tossing and turning into frigging human origami. He presses his forehead against the warm tiles, his palms against the wall as he uses the water pressure to try and roll out the cricks in his shoulders and giving a soft groan as his back finally, finally cracks and god how pathetic was it that that was what sent a warm tingle all the way down to his toes?
The questions can be tricky, Dean knows, and so at the frown on Castiel’s face he adds, “...Is there any
, his father murmurs, because even a decade later his voice is still etched into the b-side of his brain).
It was clear they were going to continue to be unhelpful. Castiel could start the research on his own, and if Sam cared to join him later, then all the better. It isn’t as if they could come to harm simply resting… And in the larger barometer of things, if Dean weren’t worrying after Sam as he tended to at the slightest pindrop, could there really be anything to worry about?
It’s incessant. Random, persistent, like someone's calling over and over and over - he's tried to find the source, but it's like it comes from nowhere. Even when he hears it, it's like a tinny, nagging echo instead of a full-fledged sound.
“I intend to. But with everything happening lately…” And with how strangely Sam’s acting, “I think we all should stay together,” Castiel says carefully.
“Yeah, yeah. C’mon, light’er up.” Dean pushes the bowl back in front of Sam, glancing over at Cas as he hears the lighter click. Castiel still looks like something’s bugging him, head bowed and expression creased as he watches Sam --
“Good.” Cas presses a kiss to his forehead, then to his mouth, and it’s inexplicably pleasing when he lets go of Dean’s wrists and Dean, stubborn and ill-behaved Dean, leaves his arms over his head where Castiel had placed them, hands tightening on nothing. The position tightens the muscles of his arms and chest, lean and compact, muscle shifting under warm skin as Castiel simply looks at him, something warm and tight and too fond brimming dangerously in his ribs.
He holds out for a minute before he shifts uncomfortably, shuddering a bit at the feel of his cock bumping against his skin.
Castiel heads down the halls with purpose, skirting over the puddles that are beginning to form on the floors. The archives often had the answers they needed. He can fix this. Hopefully, the water in the air wasn’t harming the more fragile records.
The thing stalks forward to join him in the cross-section and Castiel spins back to slam a searing palm against its forehead.
“I’m lost.” Castiel says, and even turned away Dean can tell his brows are furrowing knots in his forehead.
“I haven’t,” Castiel agrees, crouching down if only to stop hovering. Dean twists to follow his motion, turning onto his side and propping his head up to watch him.
He gestures for Castiel to follow, and the angel looks puzzled but comes along obediently as Dean leads them to the kitchen Castiel apparently couldn’t locate.
Dean’s sitting on his ass in the puddle, right across from Sam. Both of them are sitting crosslegged, knees bumping. There’s a bowl between them that bristles with long green leaves. The water laps warmly at Dean's thighs, soaked denim and flannel sticking to his skin as the water leaches into it.
If Dean was in his right mind, he’d regret this. Would, once all of this is over. Castiel would. He’s already found his peace with the starkly drawn lines of their relationship. But there’s something about last night, about this moment, about the flush freckling Dean’s cheeks and the heat under Castiel’s skin that sings his desire to… experience Dean, wholly, somehow.
It’s deeper than he remembers, and much, much larger, with hairline cracks all around that he can sense will grow larger still, long spindling spider threads bleeding out into the concrete.
“And heart.” She whispers-- and cuts their connection. The gray caves in around Dean and takes him with it, dropping like a stone to slam back into himself.
This is a home, and many humans seemed to need them more than nearly anything else; Dean was no different. Something tangible had changed when he started expecting to
He fills Sam in with what little he’s got, though he leaves out Cas’ mouth or the broad fingers twined through his and… Really, he pretty much just leaves the car out of it, a neat little omission he doesn’t give a second thought to. Habit.
“...The stone. How do we…” He gestured for a moment, but it wasn’t like Sam was tracking that, “get rid of it or whatever? How do move it?”
There’s something anxious about Sam’s expression- or maybe it’s just the lean of his shoulders as he listens close to Dean. Either way, Dean tunes in, trying to decipher him. In the meantime, he keeps going.
Dean scowls, dragging his battered towel over his skin with a ferocious little twist, and leaves behind a shower’s worth of useless thoughts. It wasn’t as if it was any cooler
Sam drops the heavy stack on the desk unceremoniously- right atop the papers Castiel had been skimming. His fingers nearly get the same treatment. Sam doesn’t seem to notice.
No, that wasn’t quite accurate. He stands at a crossroads of two halls. He recognizes them. He’s been here before, many, many times. The open door to his left is has been declared a game room, where Dean has placed a old green-felted pool table. To his right, the storage archive. The library isn’t far from here. He knows this.
“So it’s not an emergency. We sweat it out and try to get some sleep. Then tomorrow, we can head into town, see if we can get it figured out.”
Castiel worries at his lower lip, before reaching out to gently touch the side of Dean’s face. He’s warm with sleep, stubble rough under Castiel’s fingertips. He expects Dean might wake at the touch, but he only furrows his brow and turns his head.
And maybe, maybe something in him had done it in a backwards, spiteful way, like if he’s gonna do it with a guy, he’s gonna go all the way. Maybe he’s tired of tiptoeing around himself. He had nobody to prove anything to
And with him and Castiel… Even if Cas did have a thing for him back then, he’s never said a word about it, so Dean figures it’s sorted. They’ve only gotten closer since then, and Castiel is too smart to carry a torch for Dean fucking Winchester. Dean’s even kind of relieved, because it means his best friend is unshakably his- and it’s just one less way that Dean can screw it up.
Castiel remembers showers; as a human, he’d rather enjoyed them. He’d even attempted a cold shower, once, at Dean’s suggestion. At least, he’d taken it as an actual suggestion, and thus given it a solid try.
He remembers archaic Enochian script, winding over his ribs on radiographic film. Remembers feeling weirdly overwhelmed that it lived under his skin. The strange ache of losing Castiel’s eye on him, even back then.
Castiel had at first tried to convince him to move away from the stone, but Dean has been thoroughly and perversely recalcitrant, and Sam has been no help.
Dean tugs his lower lip with his teeth, his eyes darting up to Castiel’s face, and suddenly it isn’t unreadable at all- it’s intent, it’s heat, it’s dilated pupils and a part to his lips that speaks indelibly of want, and it crashes over Castiel. Pulls him under.
And Dean doesn’t like that one fucking bit, because there’s a lot right at the surface of Dean’s brain that he really, really does not want to share with his little brother of all people, and that’s not even counting the stuff deep under the surface he doesn’t want to share with-- well, anyone.
Sam, who’s realized that Castiel was right, that they should stay together if they’re to have a chance. Sam could lead him somewhere safe, or at least have his back. They only ever failed apart, the three of them.
good, Dean sits on his haunches in front of it like it's magnetized, spacing out contentedly as he studies the way the dough crisps and slowly turns golden.
He hadn’t felt it the first time with Sam, he hardly remembers any of that, but the bowl with Cas... it clicks. Feels familiar.
Especially when Castiel parts his lips, and his tongue brushes delicately over the pad of Dean’s thumb. The contact sparks straight down to his cock like a lightning rod, and somehow he’s
Castiel takes his hand- it’s the first time he’s touched Dean since he’s had his hands all over him, he can feel the skip of Dean’s heart in his pulse-
“Isn’t that one for the lighting system?” Castiel points out over his shoulder, gravel against his ear, and Dean nearly swears, skin prickling from the bolt of his jaw to his gut.
Dean’s eyes rove over Castiel’s skin, the cut of his hips, the flushed jut of his arousal- his face is unreadable, and Castiel feels something uncertain build in his throat as Dean stills.
It’s all odd flashes of... moments. Moments he doesn't remember living- and ones he can't possibly have. There’s one that really keeps him up at night, though, the one the images always end and start their loop on...
“Dean,” Castiel rumbles like smoke and molten gravel behind him, and Dean starts to twist before those hands tighten concrete on his sides, “Dean, shh. Don’t turn around or it all ends, this daydream—” and his hand slid down, curving around Dean’s cock, “don’t ruin this,” he whispers against Dean’s neck as Dean bites off a moan. Haze clouds thick around them, sweetness that leaves a bitter tang on his lips, and after a moment he presses his palms against the tile wall and pushes his hips back against the angular plane of Castiel’s, melting hot like summer asphalt and he can
, tired and just as affected as any of them. For all his steadiness, he was human, too. Nothing drifts in his shadow, or behind his familiar face. Castiel forces his expression to smooth out, shaking it off, and steps forward to lay a light hand on Sam’s shoulder.
Dean breaks the charged silence first. His hips shift under Castiel. It feels purposeful. Testing. He wets his lips, a quick dart of his tongue that Castiel follows intently.
Dean doesn’t remember, which answers some of Castiel’s questions and raises so many others, and is somehow so much worse.
. If he somehow found another to desire, would it always be a shade duller than this? The thought aches but he’s too close to say this was a mistake- not when he’s still inside him, hands stroking over Dean’s skin, the last aftershocks of pleasure still bleeding out of his veins-
Dean looks up from where he’s found himself under the table when the shaking finally stops. The lights flick back on at half-power, flooding red light over Castiel’s features. The angel sits on the stool across from him, unmoving.
If it was getting overly warm before, wriggling around inside a cramped crawlspace is just plain stifling. He’d discarded his overshirt ages before, tying it around his waist. The hair on his neck prickles with sweat, caked in fine dust. At least it looks like he might finally be getting somewhere. There’d been several false starts, rabbit trails before he found something broken— and if it's broken and he can get his hands on it? Hell if he can’t fix it somehow.
He lays his hand on Dean’s stomach, soft over steel, still straddling Dean’s lap. Dean catches at Castiel’s hips, his hands fitting there like they belong. Castiel watches him intently. Dean’s eyes are brighter than usual, heat bringing out the gold and green in them as easily as it brings a lush, bitten red to his mouth.
“And me, yeah, yeah. You’ve said that before. I know you’re in this big hurry, Cas, but it’s fine. Really.”
Castiel could understand why Dean might dream of Lucifer, but he didn’t know of a Jack that might feature so prominently. Another hunter, perhaps, or a television actor - human dreams were illogical at best. Still, he tries a soft murmur.
He remembers Castiel’s eyes, darkening with heat. Broad, callused hands, not unlike his own. Castiel is nothing like Anna - no, more, she’s nothing like Castiel. If it had been real, anyway. He squeezes his eyes shut, trying to remember details that’ll prove it one way or the other and immediately regrets it as his traitorous dick jumps, skin heating at the memory of Castiel pushed up against him, frenetic rubbing off and--
His eyes flick to Castiel’s mouth, his own still smeared with honeyed ambrosia and a vivid sense-memory of Castiel’s fingerprints. Castiel’s hands are still on his chest, broad and warm, halted where he’d been trying to fix his mess but Dean can’t care about
Dean eyes him, but tugs his shirt back down into place anyway. “Cas, if I’m sucking up asbestos right now, you’re the one fixing it,” he grumbles, raking his hands through his hair. “Steam… so you think there’s a leaking pipe or some kinda, I don’t know, groundwater or something under there?”
. Fine as can be, anyway, when I’m stuck in here-- after all, I’m still working on this, alright? It’s not like you’ve been helping, just laying around with Dean in the Impala-”
In the kitchen, he nearly runs right into Sam. Sam, holding two cups of tea, looking less concerned and more like a heatstroke victim, skin flushed pink and hair sticking to his neck.
Dean’s breath is stuck in syrup-thick lungs. He doesn’t move, doesn’t blink, as Castiel’s tongue slides down the divide of his thumb and forefinger. The ambrosia in his blood beats louder with every lick, the world narrowing down to the heat in his belly and the mouth on his skin.
He digs deeper, brow furrowing, excavating now. All he finds is more and more soft, wrinkled petals, bruised and shriveled with heat. He picks one out, lifting it into the dim light.
Sam hands him a cup of tea. It’s not his thing, even if Sam’s been trying to get him in on his whole plant water kick, but he’s thirsty, and it’s cooler than he is. He doesn’t recognize the flavor-- it’s tart, earthy and sour on his tongue, and he pulls a face as he drinks it.
All over Dean, who’d left it balancing precariously on the arm of his chair. It spills down Dean’s torso, lush rivulets spreading down his shirt before Castiel can manage to grab the bottle.
Hand sliding south, he groans deep in his throat and leans back, shoulders against the wall as he idly flips through his well-worn fantasy rolodex. He settles on a simple thought; a cheerleader, with lush dark hair and a cherry-red mouth.
Castiel should simply enjoy what they’d done for what it had been. That’s what Dean had implied, hadn’t he?
Fresh out of the oven, the pie looks amazing. Perfectly toasted at the edges, steam rising from the middle... It crackles delicately when Sam cuts into it to get them each a slice.
Dean’s mouth leaves his but it doesn’t go far, his hand catching in Castiel’s hair, lips dragging down his jaw before teeth scrape lightly over stubble and Castiel shudders.
He’d only ever been fucked like that with Lisa and that one wildass bar chick in Tulsa, but he couldn’t have anticipated doing it with Cas going-- how it did. He shivers, willing his dick to go back to sleep.
“I hope somebody rescues you from your watch, one day.” Her voice stings at his ear, static and searing. “But mine is sure as hell over.”
Castiel swallows a strangled chuckle, shaking his head instead. This lull could easily crescendo into another argument, if they so wished. And maybe he does wish it.
is rising in his throat and even as heightened, as unraveled as he feels, he knows better than to let it out.
“See, I wasn’t entirely… me when the wardings broke. I sought comfort, and it was just… there, right in your head, in your image of your brother. Of Sam. It was… reflex. And once the image was there, the rest just came along naturally. You know him so well…”
The air conditioner rattles a few times overhead as they eat, drawing alarmed looks, but nothing comes of it.
“...You do look like you need another. You look… sticky.” Castiel leans in a little closer, studying, and Dean's eyes meet his for half a second before he lifts his hand to shoo at him.
like it worked fine. Better, maybe. He could see the rite with Castiel, unlike with Sam before, but- maybe that meant it wasn’t working right. Did he really need to lose himself in it to pull it off?
“...think Sam and me might, y’know, lack some of the job requirements— I mean, sure, I’m alright on the eyes, but the whole ‘virginal’ thing, we mighta missed the train there— maybe you can take up the mantle, huh, Steve? You fit the bill a helluva lot better-” he paused for a beat, lips pursing, “--heavenuva lot better? Eh, that doesn’t work-”
Dean isn’t listening. He rarely does when he doesn’t want to; it’s one of his more tiresome traits. But right now, it’s harder to look him in the eye and argue with him.
Sam’s eyes are already closed, but Dean can see them moving underneath paper-thin lids as Sam breathes in slowly, then exhales soft steam. His lips drip with it. Dean can’t look away as they start to move like they’re shaping foreign syllables.
“Okay? ...That’s good, right? Nerd probably took ‘em to bed with him. Bet he’ll have an answer for us by morning. Then we’ll be “free” or whatever, and you can relax- you’re wound up tighter than-- well, old you, Cas. Here...”
“Of course, I mean, hell yeah. You know what you’re looking for, so just…” he gestures at his head a little awkwardly, “Peel it out of here, or whatever. It’s fine. I trust you. I mean, I won’t remember, it’s all sorta foggy- you can catch me up after.”
“-All I know is that Sam doesn’t feel like himself. He knows things he shouldn’t about where we’ve been, what we’ve been doing,” Dean shoots him a strange look, but Castiel continues before he can interrupt, “And then there’s your bowl rituals. The mark of them is truth. What Sam said about the waters isn’t true. Pneuma can and have been extinguished. I know this. I simply don’t know
He should have thought this through before he dragged Dean here - he was prickly at best when it came to his brother, and Castiel was working with threads in a tapestry he couldn’t even see fully, not yet.
And if Castiel was running himself ragged over finding answers, well. He knew how they could get some.
“Dean’s not wrong, Cas.” Sam shrugs, unhelpfully. “We might as well save our energy. It’s pretty clear there’s no way past this right now—  so we’ll figure something out.”
Dean’s eyes flick up to him at the sound, almost startled, but there’s a pleased little twist to his mouth that makes Castiel’s skin prickle from head to toe, a “there you are,” in a tone Castiel won’t soon forget.
He doesn’t remember going to bed, or when, but he must have. He remembers sharing a drink with Cas- and then, nothing but weirdass dreams.
Nights were long without the Winchesters’ idle chatter and movement to fill the space. Often, Castiel would find need to leave; a mission, or a cause, coarse irritants to draw him away from this small, foreign haven. But even when he was here, it was still more like watching from behind glass; studying, instead of living.
“Sam took all the references on oracles…” He thumbs through the second set, only confirming his guess. “And on angels.”
Castiel pulls it off - Dean remembers the slide of it around his palm- and then he wraps it firmly around the doorknob. He enters without waiting for Dean, leaving Dean to follow. Castiel closes the door after them firmly.
Castiel lifts his head to peer at him, eyes narrowing. “I’m fine, Sam,” he repeats. He’s got his thinking-face on, staring at Sam like something will shake loose if he just looks hard enough. Despite that Dean’s still trying to dredge up the more pertinent facts of their argument about Sam, he figures Sam coming to the rescue when their bacon was cooked was a pretty damn Sam thing to do.
Dean was drunk, the weight of his eyelids giving him away. That, and the way he lingers on Castiel a little too long - and that’s what finally makes Castiel’s collar feel too tight on his neck, not the heat. And certainly not the way Dean’s shirt is sticking damply to his neck, overshirt abandoned.
“It all makes so much more sense, now. This bunker, it was placed here at the center of your United States for a reason. There are several naturally metaphysical places on this earth, and there’s no reason your country hasn’t nurtured its own
Castiel’s hand presses flat against his chest. He’s tensed up; Dean half-expects to be pushed away. But instead, his hand slides up his collarbone, over the round of Dean’s shoulder. It skims the edge of the handprint burned into his skin and cups the side of his neck. It’s stuttered, rushed, like Castiel isn’t quite sure where to touch him, or how.
Cas is in the lead, nearing the top of the steps when Dean feels that spine-deep ripple of tension in his system that means
“Wait, so what’ve you been reading for the past twenty minutes, then?” Sam asks with a confused frown, brows up.
Dean realizes Castiel is waiting for him to lead the way, and he turns on his heel toward the rooms. He hears Castiel muttering as they walk, a, “left. Forward. Left. Right,” until they reach his door, the angel half a step from him the whole time. They almost collide when Dean stops in front of his room, shoulders bumping.
He studies his glass, amber and gold. Dips a finger into it. Coating it in the whiskey, and when he lifts his hand it drips in languid, easy rolls over his knuckles. It’s thick like syrup, rose-tinted gold. Castiel’s spent enough time with Dean to know it wasn’t quite right.
“Hell,” Dean mutters, bending over to look at the broken floor. “I don’t think we have anything to fix this, either.” He fishes his phone out of his back pocket, “Maybe Sam’s still in town, we could have him pick up—”
Certain he’d rather take a punch than let Dean stay in whatever horrors his subconscious is concocting, he shakes Dean by the shoulder instead. “Dean. Wake up.”
Dean frowns, blinking as he realizes that it’s quiet again. Not silent like the air’s gone dead, but quiet like normal.
“...Wrong number?” Sam asks, raising a brow. Dean shrugs. The phone rings again. Dean swears as he jabs at it, swiping off the volume and flipping it face down with a perturbed scowl.
Dean shifts from foot to foot, turning to face the other man fully. He’s barefoot, sweaty and sticky in rumpled pajamas-- but not Cas, no. Castiel, as always, is dressed in full suit and tie, trenchcoat falling wrinkled over his shoulders. Not that Dean minds the look—  to the contrary, anything else unsettles him on Cas—  but when Dean’s not dressed, he doesn’t like the contrast. The balance is too pointedly off and the whole holy tax accountant thing feels all too real, leaving Dean a snotty immoral ape barefoot before a calculated wavelength of pure will.
Faded or not, though, he can still see them in his periphery. Ghostly chemtrails of other Castiels, other Sams, other Deans and more, all making their paces through the galley, overlaid and out of sync like an overdramatic high-schooler’s attempt at long-exposure photography . A weirdly familiar blond kid goes by with a box of cocoa puffs and Dean squints- Jack…? He swallows down a mutinous heave as the specter overlays with
“Oh, I don’t know, Sam, maybe because we’re not from a thousand years ago or Greek or even all that suited for filmy robes?”
Dean considers the tall ceilings without really looking at them, twirling his glass in his hand lazily. “You’d hit, ah, Des Moine, then. Then Omaha, because who
This, however, leaves them staring up at a latticework vent in the kitchen twelve feet over their heads.
Dean’s resorted to leaning back against the railing, drumming absently on the metal, a tattoo of dime-sized drumbeats that echo so, so softly in the rounded room.
Dean is scrunching his nose at him, brow knitted together. Castiel catches his expression and sighs, “A new well. We’re standing right on top of it, Dean. The oleander waters — oracular waters— they’re burning, all around us. Underneath. I don’t know how I missed it, before—”
“What the hell would he have to gain outta lying to us? He’s stuck too, remember? Maybe he’s just going loopy.”
Sam leans forward in the gray, taking Dean’s hands from a million miles away. His fingers are so cold.
He grimaces, peels off his damp jeans to slide on a pair of relatively dry boxer briefs, and climbs carefully onto the mattress. He drags himself to the center of his bed and curls up, squeezing his eyes shut to keep the images from superimposing. He’s exhausted; he’s been sleeping, sure, but it all feels like running in place, a constant low-level drain instead of recharging. If he could just
“OD’d a little on the oracle vape, got it.” He fumbles for his coffee, slugs it down. It’s black, bitter and cold. Hadn’t Sam just given it to him? He doesn’t dare look up across the kitchen at the clock, but he twists his wrist to find his watch, disoriented by the gap in time.
“...Around you, perhaps,” Castiel allows. “But with me, he’s been... Distracted. Short-tempered. Cold. He won’t tell me why he’s researching angels, when he could just ask me if he had something he’d like to know, correct? He’s hiding something.”
Cas is breathing hard in his ear but without a sound otherwise so Dean shows him how it’s done, letting his head fall back with a moan, hips rucking up against Castiel’s as he catches at Castiel’s hips, riding each other and how the fuck hadn’t they done this before?
But Sam is looking at him, eyes cold as Castiel has ever seen them, a frustrated snarl on his lips. He feels taller than Castiel knows he is, towering, edges melting into the damp shadows that stretched around them both. Air Castiel doesn’t need stills in his lungs anyway.
”It’s night. I know you don’t sleep, but don’t you ever just... relax? Where do you put your feet up?”
Castiel is above him, hands tight on Dean’s shoulders to keep him still, one slotted so perfectly where he’d first laid a hand on him-- and surprisingly enough, Dean stays.
Castiel lays a hand on his shoulder carefully, but Dean doesn’t even seem to hear him, lost in his own dreams. He’d been going to ask Dean what he meant, when he’d asked Sam about his dreams before; Sam’s response had been so strange, and Dean’s reaction doubly so. There had been so many things Castiel had been going to ask before he’d allowed their conversation to derail--
Dean cocks his head. Something convoluted is happening behind his eyes, gears turning. He doesn’t move from underneath Castiel, but Castiel can feel him tense.
, nothing but buzzing static fray, dial tones echoing like caves dripping. He even picks up the stupid joke phone, as if it’d be anything more than dead quiet.
Castiel is so distracted that he doesn’t realize at first that Dean is looking at him like he’s never seen him before. It’s lost, almost, and unlike him. Castiel lifts a hand to his cheek unbidden, cards it too gently through his hair-- and by then it’s gone, Dean surging upward to kiss him hard enough to bruise. Dean’s hands slide up Castiel’s sides, under his undone shirt to pull them together, rocking up into him.
“It’s”- he clears his too-tight throat, “Sam... they aren’t just dreams, alright? They’re-- it’s my future. I don’t know how to turn it off, and hell if I know the reason or order it all goes in but-- it’s all bad, Sam. All of it.”
God, if he can’t even enjoy being a little toasted, then sobering up it is, and the best way he knows how: coffee. Coffee, the mystical sober-up juice of the ages, seconded only by an ice-cold dunk he had no way of engineering.
Besides, he’d been ready for it to go sideways. He coulda called it, they could’ve just jerked each other off or something.
This small little tear, this jagged rip in concrete, is the source of all their problems. The reason Dean is so troubled, the reason Sam...
The hallway gleams a dull red, and the water is black up to his thighs where Castiel kneels. Dean is twitching deadweight in his grip.
Castiel paces faster. The room numbers drift by, counting up and down and out of order. Time unwinds gently around him, minutes spinning away into hours, as if he’s simply forgotten the way human seconds felt like eons.
He smirks and his cheek knocks against the tile when she shoves him, steam burning down his throat as he sucks in a breath. He can taste the faintest tinge of copper on his teeth, and it goes straight to his dick because of course it does, he’s fucked up like that, remember?
“Green-- what, immortal being but you’re colorblind? It’s blue. Quit with the backseat driving, Cas.”
He steps into the sprawling room; he was hoping for less steam here, thinned and spread out. Maybe if it were easier to see, he could find his way. As if it were his eyes that were truly the problem.
Faint speckles, in pale pink and white. Some sort of greenery, softening the edges of earth. He frowns and dips a hand into the vent. His fingers brush something soft and damp, and he withdraws a cluster of blossoms on a deep green stem.
Afterward, cooled down even if the water was somehow barely below body temperature, Dean returns to the kitchen relaxed. He drops the glass empties into the recycling bin Sam insisted they should try.
His eyes open with a gasp, the world silhouetted in sharp relief around him. He takes it in with the sweeping, spiked post-adrenaline of a fight. A farmhouse. Dead vamps on the floor, masks scattered, heads still rolling. Somewhere, he knows there are two kids, running but safe. Saved.
They’re suddenly, utterly alone, sitting crosslegged across from each other in the center of his bed. It’s a rumpled island of sheets, and the black water billows out slow around it like flat funereal flags.
Before Dean can ask what that has to do with anything, sour years of half-life and pain a different flavor than his own rattle through his system, soaking in decades of empty darkness below, waters her only company.
“Priorities any, Dean— also, what the hell is it?” Sam steps dubiously onto the landing, squinting at the pale sigils. Dean finds he much prefers Sam’s tone to Cas’, an almost placid curiosity more than anything else.
But what Castiel remembers specifically, oddly enough, is just Dean’s duffle— sitting unpacked in the corner of Dean’s room, instead of tossed in the trunk of the Impala or sitting open on a luggage rack in a dusty motel that spoke of nothing but transience.
‘So we need to get rid of it,” Castiel responds, and it almost sounds petulant to Dean’s ears. It’s nearly enough to make him laugh, mouth twitching at the thought. He lets their chatter roll off of him, smooth and silky as sailing. It doesn’t really matter, he figures.
The door to the electrical room is— well, there isn’t one, not since Dean had gone at it with black eyes and a claw hammer. He’d taken the scraps that were left off the hinges afterward, painstakingly sweeping up every splinter, the same meticulously hamfisted way he’s tried to clean up every other mess his fall had made.
Castiel comes to a crossroads, sitting down on his haunches. He rakes his hands through his hair. He looks left, right, forwards, back where he’d come - or was it? It’s all the same. The bunker was broken.
-” as Castiel’s grip slows their hectic pace, fingers digging into denim, into round, firm muscle with just enough give. Castiel’s face is buried in Dean’s neck, mouthing at his skin. He explores with his hands, fingers tracing the fabric seams until they dip between Dean’s thighs, testing, categorizing the different tenors of Dean’s breath as it rises, the way his throat works under Castiel’s lips, how ‘
He should tell someone. The Winchesters’ concerning behavior made a little more sense now, after all.
Castiel’s moving before he even realizes it, back the way he came. He rounds the corner— and there’s Dean, who doesn’t look even slightly alarmed as he gestures at the angel blade embedded in the wall. He plants a foot on the wall for leverage as he gives it a pull, but it doesn’t budge.
There was a time when Dean couldn’t begin to hide from him, no matter what obscure backroad town in whatever corner of the country he’d holed up in. But that ended the day Castiel had marked him, carved him away from his winged brothers - carved him oh so neatly away from
“I been— I can’t sleep. When I close my eyes it’s all these , weird, horrible—” All he is for a moment is the water filling his throat- “-like tying a sheet around Cas’ knees to burn him,
Sam. Sam, behind him, jeans soaking up warm water at the edge of their shallow lake. His hands are full, bowls and jars and little things.
Dean expects the prickling feeling of being watched to keep his eyelids light, but instead he’s the one keeping himself up. He just keeps staring at his hand.
“Dean.” He snaps, and Dean’s drifting hands stop. “It’s right behind me, my powers do nothing to it, we’ll need to—”
your questions, if not falsifying his testament entirely. Surely you noticed how exacting your questions had to be? You weren’t like that with me.”
“Pie? ...Oh-- you mean Dean’s thing? Wouldn’t leave me alone til I tried it. Gross, right? But mostly… really weird. I figured I’d look up those flowers and-- look, we should be concerned about him, right?”
“You both should…” He casts about for something useful, “...drink water.” Yes, that’d suffice. It’d have to.
Dean pauses, because he can tell Castiel’s lying- but he has no clue why. It’s the truth, technically. It hadn’t been anything useful. Dean really didn’t need to know exactly how
Dean scowls at him witheringly, brow knitting. But he takes a moment to answer, which is how Castiel knows he’s hit on something Dean can’t quite explain.
“N-nothing, I-” Castiel lets go and starts to rise, but Dean’s quicker- maybe he lets him be quicker- hand fisting tighter in Castiel’s shirt. There’s something to his expression, eyes a little too wide, and Castiel can’t read it but he doesn’t like it, either. Dean mulls it over out loud.
Dean growls, mostly to himself, and shakes off Castiel’s grip to keep striding forward, peering down dark hallways with a snarl on his lips as they hunt for a source.
“Only if you’ve got a white sand beach and a balmy breeze on hand. Oh, and maybe some friendly babes in seriously- and I mean
It’s hard to keep his mind to himself, her magnetic pull dragging his feet forward and filling his head with fog-- but as long he’s going the direction she wants him to go, his head isn’t entirely clouds, not yet.
Castiel raises his hand to his mouth, and licks the not-whiskey from his fingers curiously. Dean’s watching him again,
“Sleepwalking?? It’s been— years, probably,” Dean replies, startled out of his embarrassment. His brow furrows; probably since the trials. Or maybe even everything with Gadreel, that asshole. With Kevin.
“Castiel-- Cas, I’m just worried, okay? Dean’s… not right. Maybe you should go check in on him instead.”
Castiel is still naked as well, lying on his back, sheet folded neatly over his hips. He doesn't know what to do about that, either. Dressing while Dean was still naked felt improper, somehow. Uneven.
Castiel opens his mouth, then pauses carefully. “... Ask him if there’s someone in the bunker with us. A her.”
. He stays put, hand tight on Dean, the line of his arms taut all the way to the back of his neck, a frozen tension wire ready to snap. Dean’s watching him, shifting. Testing his grip. And then he chuckles, hardly more than an exhale.
Dean’s familiar voice breaks through the fog, his hand grabbing Castiel’s shoulder. Castiel turns to glance at Dean over his shoulder, but his eyes are blurry, steam clinging to his face and running down his cheeks like rain, just as it clings to the ceiling and cascades back down around them.
But if he must be alone, what he needs is a map. A way to mark every crossroad with arrows and signs. But would that even be good enough, or will those fade into the fog as quickly as his tie on Dean’s door?
“Brought you something to eat?” Sam holds a plate out like a peace offering, and Dean frowns at it before accepting it. His stomach growls instead of flips at the smell, so he drags himself up to sit and prods at the piece of richly buttered toast and eggs. “...Cool.”
Dean’s bed isn’t so large, not with both of their not inconsiderable frames laid out in it. Even without touching Dean, they’re close enough that he can feel the warmth radiating from the man’s bare skin. Besides, he knows Dean is a light sleeper, restless and jumpy (understandably so), and Castiel has no idea how Dean’s other... bedmates have fared waking him.
It’s silent, and Dean grabs Castiel’s shoulder to pull him back. He’s already got the neck of his own shirt pulled up, pressed over his mouth and nose just in case, and his voice is muffled but still annoyed.
It was a stupid, stubborn itch, and one he’s used to ignoring- mostly because he wasn’t sure if it was an itch or an IED, and he wasn’t about to find out.
For whiskey, it’s strange, he notices in a faraway sort of way. It hits him hard, curling and coiling warmly inside him. Thicker, sweeter than he anticipates, lush on his tongue. But Dean grins at him, and that’s sweeter still.
Castiel is still. And when he looks up at Dean, the smirk on his face isn’t so much lazy as languid. His hands are cooler than they have any right to be, a balm on too-hot skin.
She watches him intently as she strokes him. His hand slides down her skin, eagerly following the trails of water dripping down her sides, teasing down the slick vee of her sex as the water drenches them both.
And somehow, despite Dean’s lack of enthusiasm (or practical knowledge of any ventilation systems that weren’t directly connected to the Impala), he finds himself the one up on top of the ancient, tottering ladder he found in the back of the storage room.
Castiel hm’s softly, and Dean feels a hand lay on his forearm like fog clearing. The same hand that slid over his skin earlier, so intimately. It’s gentle, Castiel’s touch, but all Dean can think of is broad hands clutching at his hips, spreading him open, the way Dean had
They stalk down halls that wail even as yellow lights flicker back on, the whole bunker… clicking, like something’s jammed in its gears, grinding and grating in a way that even Castiel’s ears find unpleasant. A bulb pops to their left, sparks hissing into puddled water.
Dean is already moving, doing up his jeans with one hand and taking the knife with the other as he heads for the door. Castiel, slightly less practiced at diving into his clothes at a moment’s notice, stumbles into his slacks and follows, still buttoning up his shirt even if Dean had foregone his.
He relegates it to the table with a distracted curse, crossing the inches between them, “Dean, I’m sorry,” he says, expecting anger, clumsily trying to mop up the mess somehow with his hands, scraping over wet cotton even as it sinks in- but instead, Dean’s hands catch his cheeks.
Next to him, Dean is sprawled on his stomach, the sheet half-draped over his hips and covering almost nothing. Castiel glances over once or twice, but it feels wrong, somehow- Dean’s admonishments about leaving him alone while he slept are still evidently drilled deep in Castiel’s brain. And looking around Dean’s room, over Dean’s personal belongings, sparse as they were, only reminds him that this isn’t a place he’s meant to be. Dean hasn’t invited him to study his possessions, or to know the exact grooves Dean’s hand has worn into the handles of the weapons he has displayed with such pride.
Dean seems to take offense at that, “Hey! What, c’mon, just because I’m okay with life for five minutes—”
He stands, pulling himself out of the car and leaving Dean’s hand hanging midair before the man sets it down.
One problem at a time, right? And this is going to be the easiest. After, the cool air will let him get his head right, and then they can tackle the rest. That was the plan they’d cobbled together, anyway. Head to town, hit the Home Depot, and dig in. Hopefully before the unsettling quiet of the last couple weeks breaks open, and they’re hit with the usual hail of missing people and fishy coincidences and plain old monster hunts.
“...Okay. Okay, awesome, just- I need a minute, so… Stay?” Castiel’s heart tightens in his chest, though he doesn’t think Dean means it the way he wants him to- still, he nods.
Dean lowers the decanter, letting it rest on his stomach, and squints at it faintly. “...I mean, it’s not half bad. But- what’s it doing in my stash?” He looks up at Castiel like he knows the answer, a sideways frown pulling at his mouth.
Dean starts to come down soon enough, a flushed vision that Castiel can’t tear his eyes from as he mumbles Castiel’s name, shifting against him in a way that makes Castiel give a startled moan and realize he’s been utterly still, buried in Dean as Dean shudders to a finish.
Castiel looks troubled, truly troubled, and Dean can’t help but reach out. He lays a hand on Castiel’s shoulder. It’s wound tight under pressed layers of coat and shirt and he remembers muscle shifting under it and-- no.
answer. You’re just the conduit.” Sam’s murmur fills his head, and Dean tries to let it, biting his lip before just... letting go.
“At least me get some clothes on-” he stalls wildly because despite his best efforts he’s still moving forward without any input of his own. Talking seems to be the most he can manage. “My gun, or a knife, or-- Castiel, he can help-”
“Hey, Woodstock, you okay in there?” Dean’s saying, and it’s like it’s through water before the bubble breaks. A hand is on his cheek lightly, tapping with a forefinger lightly against his cheekbone, “Earth to Cas, come in spacecase-”
“...Perhaps we should go to the archives, and see if we can find a translation for this?” He offers after Sam remains quiet.
He looks… light. Unburdened, a look Castiel has never reconciled with him, and it took years off him as easy as his favorite pie or a real smile from Sam.
It’s still cool by the time he goes to sleep, so it seems like it’ll hold well enough. The air drifts over his skin before he drags his covers over himself, burrowing down into a pillow he’s had long enough to wear down to just the right shape instead of some bleach-sour motel pillow all lumpy with the weight of a hundred different heads.
And somehow, Dean believes him- he always believes Sam, even when he can’t. He licks his lips, thumbs rubbing his brow smooth.
- tiny bikinis, with long dark hair and curves that just don’t quit... A couple ice-cold cervezas with lime...” Dean sighs, brow knitting a little as he wets a soft pink lower lip with his tongue, like he can already taste the salt tang of ocean air— and then exhales noisily, letting his head thunk back against the floor. He stretches out, a sleepy, pleasant motion.
Dean wakes with a jolt, grabbing for the missing knife under his pillow as he’s scrambling out of bed and onto his feet, scanning the room. His gaze comes to a halt on Castiel, uncomprehending for a moment, eyes darting between him- his naked skin- and his unmade bed, and it clearly catches him off-guard. He’s a shade too pale, and Castiel can see the adrenaline thrumming under his skin.
Dean rocks up against him, and Castiel grinds back down hard, kiss breaking as the angel sucks in a shuddering breath, and Dean glances down between them dazedly, mouth watering reflexively as he watches how their hips stutter over eachother. He doesn’t know Castiel’s body like
The halls he passes are all beige and brick-like tile; he walks down one, and then another, and another still, and it begins to dawn on him that they all look... exactly the same. Of course, they’d always been like that—  the bunker had been built to precise and uniform specificity.
Castiel cocks his head, studying him steadily. “Is there cause for alarm? Do you require assistance?”
So Castiel meets his eyes- it’s far, far easier to pay attention to Dean than the decanter, or the alcohol in it- and raises his glass to his lips, and drinks.
It creaks open before he can answer, and he growls out an annoyed, “Why bother knocking, huh? Could give a guy a chance to, I don’t know, put some clothes on.”
Dean swallows and shifts. Castiel gasps his name, his ability to stay still threatened as the motion sends cataclysmic waves of heat up his spine. Then Dean rises carefully, lifting his hips to slide along Castiel’s cock before lowering back down, and Castiel’s knuckles go absolutely white on his hips as he bites his lip. Dean tries again. He must find something because he moans, and every hair on Castiel’s body prickles to life.
He sees walls breaking down, crumbling into nothing. His newly claimed room, the walls descending, crumbling into Dean’s— and when he wakes, as it were, he wakes with his heart pounding, his veins pulsing adrenaline fight-or-flight, and if that weren’t a dream, he doesn’t know what is.
He scrubs at his hair, molding the shampoo between his fingers, as he lets the water run over the line of his back, soap rivulets down bare skin. His hands skim his belly and he breathes out steam.
He shakes his head, shaking off the image that he knew, somehow, wasn't a nightmare. All it is is darkness, anyway- surrounded by water that fades into blackness, empty dark water that never ends no matter how hard he swims. Lungs constantly filling with water, straining for air, but never giving out.
and between them- almost nothing. Castiel squints at it. Dean comes up to look over his shoulder as Castiel notices another section in the A’s, similarly ransacked.
Afterwards, he stands at the side of the bed, Dean already dozing by some wonder despite everything, and Castiel already regretting his decision to stay by the time he’s lowered himself back onto Dean’s mattress.
, where he and Cas had been naked together just hours ago? When he couldn’t look around to distract himself, or sleep… Well. It was a lot fucking harder to ignore his own racing thoughts.
remind him of just how long it’s been since he’s been touched. He doesn’t censor himself, not alone like this; why should he start now? Hell’s a wreck, Heaven’s a ghost town— the way he figures it, good old human hedonism is the only game in town worth his time.
He’s in his own bed, dripping in sweat. His heart is too tight in his chest, and he rubs at it hard with the heel of his hand as he looks around his empty room, trying to blink away the afterimages.
It only gets louder, echoing like a thousand tinny cicadas as he winds through the halls, and this time he ends up at their de facto phone center.
“Better…?” Dean asks from behind Castiel’s shoulder. This time, he’s actually asking, voice pitched low in calculated comfort, soothing and placating both as he studies him. The line of Castiel’s shoulders smooths slightly.
Sam shakes his head on a sigh, and spiders up onto the counter. He’s a little too long for it, but he crosses his legs and settles into Castiel’s place with a muttered “fine. Castiel, why don’t you take a-”
Sam’s broad shoulders emerge from the stairwell, climbing up to frown at the crack and then, at them. Despite it, Dean can’t help the familiar frisson of relief at seeing him.
Dean lets his head fall back with a soft thunk, “And I gotta be honest with you, Cas, I’m… kinda enjoying the breather.” He huffs a little, “Figures it’d be some funky Harold and Kumar kinda thing, though. I haven’t felt this
He can still hear his dad’s gruff voice in the back of his skull, offhand cracks he’d soaked in as much as he’d soaked in everything else about his father growing up. The countless sideways comments- all the looks he’s gotten over decades of hustling and bar crawling, ‘face like his’ or shit about his mouth -- he’d taken all that, balled it up tight and turned it right back out onto everyone, because if he can’t control what he looks like he can control
know what’s going on, not yet.” He meets his eyes steadily. “But neither do you. We’re overlooking something vital, and if we don’t find it, it’ll be too late.” Castiel turns toward the door to leave, “If I have to, I’ll find it on my own.”
“Maybe he’s just pissed at you, because I could see where that’d happen here, buddy.” Dean scrapes a hand over his face, “Okay. Okay, are you trying to say he’s been
“--answers ‘em, yeah, yeah.” Dean licks dry lips, casting about. “I asked how, brainiac. Where’d you figure out all this?”
The beast- ‘beast’, because Castiel has no earthly idea what it is- has no place in here. It couldn’t, not with all of their wards and sigils.
https://satinsolace.tumblr.com/post/637578182445465600/satinsolace-american-oracle-soft-dreamy-horror#notes
“Give it up already, Cas, c’mon,” Dean says, and the tone of his voice is unlike him, low and drifting. He’s sitting on the steps and leisurely leaning up against the stone, soaking in the cool of the surface; it’s only lukewarm, but compared to the stifling heat growing around them, it’s like ice. He’s halfway to falling asleep, Castiel can read it in his low-leveled lethargy- something else he found peculiar. He’s found Dean quite used to running on empty— at times, it even seemed like he preferred it. Yet another self-destructive habit to keep the man busy, he supposes.
Dean resettles his maglite between his teeth, studying the layout. A fine film of dust lies pristinely over everything, nothing touched in ages. Stifling a sneeze as he starts to dig into the mess, he tries not to think about the miles of empty air between his feet and the floor.
Dean furrows his brow questioningly.  “Guest— oh, that one? Cas— I mean, you’re welcome to it, sure, but- you’re not a guest here. You know that, right?”
He swallows down the knot in his throat and locks it the fuck down. Castiel needed help, and he wasn’t going to leave the guy on a ledge because of his own hangups.
, Castiel gasping Dean’s name into his mouth like a prayer. Dean rests his weight on his heels to reach back, taking hold of the packet and Castiel’s cock and-
The lights come back to life with a muted flicker, and he gives the box another once-over before shoving the door shut with a creak. It still takes him jamming his shoulder against it to get it closed all the way, but it’s almost satisfying.
Castiel isn’t so naive as to think it will change anything, or that this would be part of them, now. They will free themselves of the bunker soon enough, they will fix whatever is affecting Dean, and they will blame it on the “cabin fever”, the heat and stress of the moment, at most. Pretend it never happened.
Castiel finds he’s been slowly and meticulously laying out the flowers and long leaves, one by one, a vibrant silhouette on worn leather that wreathes Dean’s pillowed head— and as soon as he realizes, he stops. Dean does not.
Castiel smiles again and takes another sip- his glass is full again, but when had Dean refilled it? Or had he? It’s like honey, coating him in warmth from the inside out.
Sam watches him patiently, and he moves forward, the water lapping at his heels. It's as dark as the shadows in the corners.
behind his stupid mortal self) with one hand as he looks down the hall Castiel had barrelled out of, and Castiel can’t see his face but the line of his shoulders is a hard, familiar one. Coiled. Ready.
He swears and slings himself out of bed, rubbing away the haze in his eyes. Stretching for the lampswitch floods the room with too-bright light—  and reveals nothing but clear air around himself, despite the pervasive heat. He blinks, scanning the room. In the top corner, the air vent, spits out the frailest curls of steam.
He meets his eyes, just for a moment, before a ghostly Sam sits in the same seat Castiel is in. Their forms overlap, and Dean has to look away before his stomach rolls again. Fading or not, the double-vision is getting to him.
Dean frowns, “You found them in a hole in the dirt? So…” He settles back onto his back, crossing his arms loosely over his chest and closing his eyes. “Definitely weeds, then.”
Dean’s tongue slides against his mouth, and Castiel drinks him in as Dean’s hand fumbles between them, popping open the button of Castiel’s slacks and sliding his hand inside. His hand curls around him, and Castiel can’t stop the gasp that leaves his throat.
Dean’s eyes narrow. There’s been something to his energy this whole time, something just a key under fevered. Cas can feel it, too; it’s almost like before, the tension taut between them but without ambrosia to dull the knife-edge of it.
“Fine. Just… dark around the edges,” Castiel mumbles from flat on the table. Dean’s eyes catch on Castiel’s undone shirt; Cas is still half-dressed, Dean in literally nothing but soaked jeans. They’ve dried just enough to stick and scrape against his thighs when he shifts, which is actually worse. Sam hasn’t outrightly questioned their state of undress yet, thank fuck.
Dean remembers, faintly, the ‘her’ from before, so there must be. Maybe it- she- wasn’t in here with them, maybe it was something outside, or around - there were ‘no lies in the telling’ as Sam put it, so there had to be something to it he didn’t understand yet.
The wall of phones is set up in a haphazard order, labeled much like Bobby’s had been. The handwritten labels are taped onto the handles; CDA, FBI, MIB (that one’s actually just broken. It’d been ‘Federal Agricultural Bureau’ or some shit before, and instead of trashing it Dean just relabeled it and waited for Sam to notice.)
A lit match falls into the tangle of leaves, and smoke billows up in graceless little tangles around them.
, you look like a fuckin’ nine-foot caveman who ain’t seen daylight in a year, so I guess the real takeaway is maybe remember that grooming is essential to the modern hunter Sam-” he almost giggles, burying his face in his hands and scraping them over his cheeks, “....fuuuck.”
It as still as a rock should be, sure, but it trembles with aura. Castiel hasn’t said a word, and neither of them have taken their eyes off of it.
“We shouldn’t have.” It’s clipped. Castiel braces himself to be pushed away, but Dean doesn’t push, or even let go. He just keeps him close. So Castiel continues instead, “You were under the ambrosia’s effects--”
He can hear it behind him, clacks and scrapes and huffs and tremors that reverberate down the hall. It sucks out the air like a massively silent roar, violently empty in a way that makes his teeth ache in his jaw and he nearly slams into a wall rounding a corner.
It’s immediate, the way it stirs up heat inside him and sends him for a loop, sinking into in a shallow rhythm that’s tight and sweet and perfectly hot and-- teasing, it has to be teasing, because it keeps bringing him right to the edge and
Dean frowns, waiting, but he keeps his eyes closed. Still, nothing seems to be coming up. Just a nagging little feeling, deep in his belly. The hell was
He closes his eyes against the water, now that he’s nearly adjusted to the temperature. Steam is slowly filling the room, curling in the air and coating the shower wall, licking at his skin and loosening the line of his shoulders even as the heat rises.
adult fantasy scene, M/F and M/M. Some layered consent issues. Yes, a bit vague, but feel free to dm myself @margotjanewrites or cami at @camillaboojay on twitter for (somewhat more spoilery) specifics, and we're happy to elaborate for you if needed.
Dean sleeps, and his dreams are full of strangeness, blurs of bayou fog and wet warmth, enough to* suffocate in, that drags down and condenses in his straining lungs. Somehow,  something about that bile blackness was familiar enough to feel like home, enough that he sinks instead of struggling—
“It should be. Oleander is highly toxic to humans; by all rights, Sam and you should both be incapacitated or dead already. But there’s something... mitigating it, somehow. Neutralizing the toxicity. Perhaps another herb...”
But the garage is somehow worse than the halls, thick clouds swirling up around Castiel’s midsection as he wades through nothing. The cars sit motionless in the fog, rows of them, silent glinting curves, metallic islands dotted in a sea of atmosphere. His steps echo wetly as he walks.
It’s pale, a silent, bone-white monolith. It doesn’t beckon, or shun, or repel— it just does the thing huge boulders do, namely ‘being hefty’ and ‘getting in the way’. Dean knows he should care that it’s there.
He wipes his hands down his face, sweat prickling at his temples less the humid heat of his room and more the image of Castiel leaning against him, their hands grabbing and pulling and grasping. It hit different, somehow, than the jumble of other dreams, but it made about as much sense.
“--perfect vessel,” Dean’s voice is strained, anguish and anger all wound up in one, “--have to-- Michael needs his sword-”
you. C’mon. Come sit. Stretch out. Lay down, take a break.” Dean thumps the spot next to him lazily, eyes half-closed.
The leaves are slowly shriveling and blackening between them, the sharp scent already filling Dean’s nose. It makes his eyes water and blur, a thin gossamer he has to blink away before he can gather himself again. He waves a hand hurriedly, smoke snapping after his fingertips, and grins at Castiel reassuringly.
He clinks the whole decanter against Castiel’s glass- Castiel doesn’t know where Dean’s went, but at some point Dean had traded it out for the bottle. Castiel looks down at his glass, and back to Dean’s face. He’s grinning in a way Castiel doesn’t see on him often. He softens.
Dean scowls at the dust smeared all the way up his elbows, like he can stare right through the flimsy ceiling tiles and light Sam on fire. Just a little. Just enough to singe off some of his dumb flippy hair.
Dean coughs smoke out of his lungs, vertigo churning the room sideways, upside down, inside out. He feels disconnected, singular in the coldest, emptiest sense. His breath is heaving, and he gapes at the-- not Sam, her, sitting on the bed in front of him, and feels naked.
It snuffs and turns away, and Castiel hears its footsteps fade. He doesn’t move for a long time after anyway.
But can he even trust his instincts right now? They told him he could still trust Dean, after all. They’d led him here, to right now, and Dean has been far from his usual self for days now.
What’s the point of any of this if nothing ever changes? If all he does is grapple and climb to stay in the same damn place?
The walls are deep navy, and aside from the made up bed, it’s barely more than furnished. A desk sits empty in one corner, chair tucked in neatly. The boxes Dean had mentioned are piled haphazardly on top of a side drawer.
Dean’s stomach does a gravity-defying flop that lands wedged up his throat. ‘Alone’ meant Cas either wanted to start up about Sam again-- or talk about what they’d just done, and that way laid so many things Dean had barely gotten a grip on for himself, let alone for public consumption. Let alone for Cas.
Her hand skims his chest, scraping a pink nail over his nipple and smiling sweet as it knots, as he jumps a little at the coil of heat.  Piercing eyes — not blue, not like the girl he thought he was dreaming, but ones that make his breath catch in his chest, and he reaches out to feel her in response.
The coffee starts to percolate, but Dean hardly notices. There’s something about baking that lends itself to the strange state he’s floating in; cutting butter into the dough, dusting a bowl of petals Sam had handed him with nutmeg-
Dean settles slowly, sinking down until they’re flush, skin to skin. Castiel looks up at him helplessly, then away. He breathes, short shallow breaths, trying to steady himself. He’s inside Dean, they’re one and the same, he’d never dreamed of it, not like this-
It’s a long way until dawn, so he lies back—  then pauses, sitting up to look down at his loafers. He toes them off pointedly and then lies down again on top of the bed, covers and all, and closes his eyes.
Sam studies him, and Dean expects questions, concern, anything-- but Sam just rubs a giant hand over the back of his neck.
“Yeah, that’s what he said. So— I’m assuming that’s not a deadly gas leak, judging by how you’re both just standing there, breathing it all in.”
or whatever had been in those godforsaken 'brownies' and Dean has a moral duty to protect it from that hideous fate. But mostly, because he hasn’t had homebaked pie in months and months and even then it was just picked from a glass case and nuked, but at least out of sight so he could
“Okay. Okay, I’m… Let’s do this. It’s like in your AMA’s, huh Sammy?” He laughs, and Sam looks at him questioningly, “C’mon, ‘I’m a hunter playin’ oracle in the basement of a midwest bunker, high off his ass, Ask Me Anything’. Imagine how that’d play out,” Dean laughs sorta nervously, and Sam laughs after a minute too, echoing him, and Dean lets him humor him even if Sam’s the giant nerd that goes off about internet forums.
The other man doesn’t acknowledge him, and Castiel frowns. Perhaps he's sleepwalking; Dean had spoken of it, several times. Sam’s subconscious uncertainties, anxieties, at times reach a fever pitch, one he would manifest through walking in his sleep, miles and miles of unfulfilled terrain without ever knowing, ever since he was a child. You weren’t to interrupt; it could do more harm than good. Best to let sleeping Sams lie.
Castiel watches, examining him until Dean lifted a brow at him quite directly, raising his voice though he knew that Castiel could hear him in the faintest whisper.
It takes Castiel too long to find either of the brothers, going down the same endless halls until he finally recognizes the archive room, and he sees someone’s been there. A lamp shines from the desk, a warm welcoming glow in the refracting haze. Folders are strewn everywhere, marooned in haphazard puddles, soaking up water and smearing their faded type.
Castiel’s jaw tightens, dry lips pressing flat for a long moment as he looks away. Sure sign of a troubled Cas, Dean notes.
“Well, let’s pace this out. There’s more than enough rooms, seriously, so you can have your pick. There’s this one further down the hall—  I mean, personally, it was my second choice— great layout, it’s got this nice little nook or whatever and— ”
Castiel nods, because why wouldn’t he be? Dean gives him one last look and returns to his room, stepping around the shin-high fan in the doorway. There was still something strangely out of place about seeing him flop down onto his bed through the doorframe, an angular painting composed in dim light and skin.
“Sam. I’ve been looking for you. Have you found anything?” Castiel pauses, “...Are you well? There was this pie, down in the kitchen--”
His starting and ending point being near the hallway meant that, if he chose, he could go and sit in the library, or the so-called “guest room”, insofar as the Winchesters housed visitors. He has no need for a room of his own, but these served well enough as places to wait.
The steam is thicker, pits on the far side of the cavern glowing with embers as the water drips over them, hissing and rising into gray clouds.
At nothing. His blade cracks uselessly against a tile in the wall, shattering a long line in the ceramic with a screech.
spiders they’re hanging tight with. What matters is that they’re stuck, and they’ll continue to be so until… what? ‘Til he’s a full-fledged loony that can’t tell waking life from dreams?
He rakes a hand through his hair, limbs loose, standing under the spray and letting it sear away the evidence (because Cas, it was
“--What, and you weren’t? Cas-” Dean is keyed up but he’s studying him now, Castiel realizes. He tries to pull back himself, but Dean’s grip only tightens, “...You didn’t do anything wrong, okay? We were four sheets to the wind. You think it’s the first time I’ve--”
Dean’s already working at Castiel’s coat, the buttons of his crisp shirt, quick needy hands as his tongue sticks out the side of his mouth in concentration. “So many goddamn layers,” he grumbles, and Castiel placates him by laying a hand over his jeans, feeling out the length of him before rolling his palm against it. Dean keens his want, deep in his throat, and Castiel’s never heard that noise from him before.
“The Grecian oracles. They breathe in the steam of the well, and would create altars, craft their own concoctions of herbs and flora, to help ease the way and channel their predictions. Oleander was a key component to their mixtures.”
Dean catches his eye and Castiel shifts, hands sliding over Dean’s torso; he doesn’t take the time he wants to explore his skin, to catalogue him with his fingertips the way he had in his soul when he remade him bit by broken bit. Instead, he takes Dean’s hips, his thighs, presses until he’s as deep as he can be and further. He fucks him until Dean is burning with it, cusses and groans and grinds up against him, heels digging into Castiel’s ass and and his skin gleaming with sweat. His hands clench on the bedspread in a surprisingly endearing effort to listen even as he arches up, and Castiel rewards him for it by curving a hand around his neglected arousal. It only takes a few clumsy but firm strokes before Dean comes with a choked off shout, streaking his belly hot and dripping down Castiel’s hand.
Not even the siren call of the open road tempts him more than a few moments, he realizes. It throws off his equilibrium, and recalibration is nothing but sluggish. He hesitates, then scowls and plucks the Impala’s keys from his pocket, swings the ring in his hand with a sharp rustle of metal on metal as he gestures for the other two to start moving.
“The archives,” Sam answers easily, “The Men of Letters never failed to stick their noses in just about everything, remember?”
Castiel looks around. Despite the glaring heat, everything still feels cold and dark. It feels wrong.
He looks over at Dean. The room is dripping with heat, and Dean’s right in the middle of it. He’s melted bonelessly in his chair, shirt sticking to skin sticking to worn leather as he stretches out. The decanter dangles from lax fingers. It’s easy to tell where it’d been last - the mouth of it glistens as wet as his.
Below, having been assigned to tool duty, Castiel lays out the contents of the rusty toolbox in neat rows by size.
Dean’s hand is slung over the bench, fingers draping over lovingly worn leather. He rubs a seam absently with his thumb, singing under his breath with the music- Castiel can just barely hear him. Songs drift by, lemons and blues, rambling on. Dean speaks up occasionally, just talking to talk, years and albums and dates and “stories, man, they’re all these stories”- and when his fingers brush up against Castiel’s on the same bench seat, it’s warm and exploratory and entirely without thought— overthought, more like. It’s honest, the way his fingertips scrape slowly over Castiel’s bare knuckles— and something more, the way his palm presses on top of his hand and presses down, rolling it against the leather almost curiously slow.
“Cas,” Dean groans as the last button comes undone, and he shoves Castiel’s shirt off his shoulders, hands skimming skin with the motion, fabric bunching at Castiel’s elbows. Castiel follows suit, hand sliding to ruck Dean’s shirt up and bare his skin. Dean pulls himself up to sit then, Castiel shifting to straddle his hips to pull his shirt off of him.
Another twist, a wincing scrape of wrench on metal, and he feels more than hears something start to churn. Sullen air whispers against his side from the vent he's pressed up against, and he whoops, knocking the wrench against the ceiling tile. He slides the panel closed before he’s scurrying down the ladder. He even jumps the last couple feet, now that the ground is solidly in sight.
Castiel can feel it beating hard, even through Dean’s shirt. He realizes abruptly the position they’re in and stills entirely, fingertips still pressed against Dean’s chest.
It looks ridiculous, and Dean almost snorts. Then Sam lifts the smoking bowl, breathing it in- and transforms, head falling back abruptly, lips parting. His eyes roll into his head. Dean’s pulse jumps.
It’s as if as soon as it left his periphery, its image had started to fade. He grapples with it, and it must show because Dean’s already back at his side.
read the angel- but to be real, it was a safe enough bet. Right now, though, Dean’s got no idea what’s going through the angel’s head.
in the middle of it all. There isn't any room for ringing phones, or lurking shadows. Castiel eclipses all of it, a glistening halo in low light, honey dripping hot and sticking between them.
. Something catches at the corner of his mind, arced like a question, maybe even a concern—  but it doesn’t find a foothold, and after a few moments it slides away as easy as water over stone.
About then, he realizes that all he can hear is his own footsteps, pounding in time with his heart. It’s quiet, and he hears a voice. Dean’s.
“... Simply… stressed. You may be enjoying yourself, but the steam seems to be more compatible with human physiology. I don’t think angels are meant to play oracle. Why are we on the counter, Dean?”
But angels, though? He remembers warming up the backseat with Anna, about as long ago, one of too many last-night-on-earth kinda nights. And sure, it’d been good enough, but- even after, there was still something alien in her eyes when she looked at him. He’d figured that maybe, for all the sex in the world, they didn’t have the right equipment for plain old lust.
Nothing answers him. Even his echoes have dampened down, as if the steam is eating his words as they escape his mouth. All he can hear is dripping water and his own breath.
“....While I am aware that you don’t believe everything you see on television, Dean, at times I have doubt.”
"And you, you’re there too, just you got all this—” Dean gestures a little manically at his chin, “all this
Castiel is waiting for one of them to come up with a plan as they always did, research, or action, but neither of them speak up. He frowns.
Castiel forgets about blinking, concern forgotten as he looks Dean up and down, lingering on every bared inch. His chest, his soft but smooth stomach, the defined indent of his hips, the compact muscle of his thighs and a perfect flushed-
A phone rings; Dean barely jumps. The fog spills around him messily as he groans in protest and fishes his phone out from his pocket.
- slip out of his mouth. It was like they had a life of their own, the idle thoughts at the back of his brain stealing the reins and driving straight off the nearest cliff.
They’re in the hall now, Dean in nothing but his underwear and a rapidly snowballing sense of apprehension. It’s not like he can’t string two words together, but it’s harder and harder as he follows the woman through halls strung with colored wire - and harder to care, as they draw to the garage stairwell and wade up the steps.
Brushing it even that much lefts a faint, earthen scent to the air, tart and sweet all at once, but the chugging fan blusters it away. The humid breeze ruffles his hair, catching at his collar, sweeping across the back of his bare neck. He has no idea how long it’s been; he remembers the soft click of the tape deck, but was that from before…? He worries at the thought, nagging at it, but the realization that he’s being watched distracts him almost as much as the hand over his.
Castiel’s eyes narrow and he rubs his temples, willing the ambrosia hangover away as Dean’s voice raises. He’s wearing thin, and already impossibly tired of Dean’s unwillingness to even consider what he’s trying to tell him.
Sam is nowhere, Sam is out of bounds- and Castiel. Cas couldn’t find his way out of a paper bag, not that he can remember why right now. Still, he knows that Cas is it. Castiel is the only one who’ll notice he’s gone.
Castiel looks at him unreadably and Dean cajoles him forward, squeezing his shoulder once and letting his hand fall, “Sammy showed me a cool trick. Maybe I can help you out. C’mon.”
“Domestic triumph always did suit you, huh?” Sam teases as Castiel perks. Dean’s already rifling through the fridge, good mood undaunted.
Sure, he’s looked a couple times, he’s done his fair share of eye fucking across packed bars but who doesn’t flirt? Flirting’s fun. Flirting’s great. He loves flirting almost as much as he loves women- more, sometimes. He doesn’t count his black-eyed days because that way lies madness and he’s drunk away all he can of that chapter of his life in true Winchester fashion, but demonic ardors aside, he’s never gone and done anything with a guy, so. De facto not gay.
Dean— and Sam, yes, because when Dean gave, it was of a deeper well than just his own means— had given it to him. He reaches up to the tie that Dean had loosened, tugging it further with a crooked finger, and sits on the bed. His bed. Dust doesn’t fly up under his weight, so that’s already a positive sign.
“Chill out, Cas, we’ve already done this. Sam showed me how it works. You trust his big old nerd brain, right? Anyway, I’ll, uh, go under. “Play oracle” for you. You can get some answers, maybe figure out why your map’s broke. Now hurry up, I don’t want to have to find more of this stuff.”
-and begrudgingly or not, Dean’s drifting way too comfortably to argue. He mixes them into the filling by hand. The petals bruise delicately against his fingers, spilling a familiar scent Dean can’t quite place, and by the time it’s through Sam’s next to him with a dough-lined pie tin.
He manages to make it to his room without losing his lunch, so that’s a point for him at least. Instead of brass, his hand closes around smooth fabric when he opens his door, and he realizes Castiel’s tie is still wrapped around it.
Castiel tries to keep up, but it’s complicated without the ambrosia easing the way, overthinking every shift and touch. Dean’s mouth is too warm on his, slower at first but now like second nature. Dean’s eyes are closed but only just, like nothing outside of arm’s reach concerns him and-- Dean opens his eyes, slowing for a second as they meet Castiel’s headon, uncharacteristic pink cresting his cheeks before his gaze flicks away.
He wades the ocean of beached cars. The tidal pull under the surface, rushing over bare feet, leads him to where the water drains into the seam. Over it, steam pours out in a funnel to the ceiling.
The world is all steam and soft and slippery around him, head bowed as he looks down at himself, something sparking startled as he recognizes the hands cupped around his ribcage, even if he’s never seen them like
Dean smirks as Sam’s broad frame lumbers out of the kitchen. He takes his half-empty mug to the sink, spinning on the tap to rinse it out, but yanks back just as quick as scalding hot water spills out, burning his fingers. He drops the mug and it clatters into the sink, spilling the loose pink and green leaves of the tea.
Dean’s stopped pacing but now Castiel has the urge to, the room too small with the both of them there. He speaks quieter instead, “With Sam, it felt more like he was answering
“Shut it, Al. You and ‘hidey-ho neighbor’ over here just keep on sitting on your thumbs and luxuriate in all the cool air, just make all the cracks you want— I am taking a shower.” Dean announces, making a detour to the fridge to snag a cold one, “and this? Is coming with me.”
But all it meant, he has to remind himself, if this step closer was so big - how big would Dean’s step away be?
“Close your eyes when you kiss, huh?” Dean murmurs against his jaw, and Castiel can feel the way his lips curve against his skin and then, against his mouth, husky and oddly flustered for a man with his hand tangled in Castiel’s hair, “I mean it, don’t be- don’t be weird, alright?” so Castiel obeys.
Everything else has felt like melted time, like - minutes or hours, he couldn’t care less. But this… he feels every second of it, lips sweet on his own as they throw themselves into this, nothing in the world except where his skin meets Cas’.
“Mhm. Yes, it’s a shame we haven’t had it before. It could be useful.” Castiel straightens, looking down at his glass. He tilts it back in one go, willing it to hit him in whatever angelic organ was in charge of his self-control, talking if only to cover the way he wants to fix his hair, his coat, smooth at his creaseless shirt- “Interesting, isn’t it, the things angels refuse themselves?”
“Unless the steam drowns us in our sleep, sure.” Sam retorts. It’s amused almost, eyes hooded. For a jarring moment, Dean doesn’t recognize him. “Come on, it’ll be easy. Lore says after a couple times with the same person, you don’t even need to ask out loud. It’s more like… syncing minds, and seeing what we see.”
There wasn’t anything for now, and that was okay, he tells himself, just like he tells himself all the time, as of late. No hunts, no Blade, no absentee gods or their amorous sisters.
It’s nearly a sane hour of the morning, and Dean’s sitting at the kitchen table, nursing a cup of steaming black coffee like his life depends on it when Castiel walks in.
But unlike most puzzles, there's way too much magic and mysticism tied up in all this shit to make heads or tails of. Give him a carburetor, a radiator- that, he could get it running in no time. This? It's bullshit. A bitch and a half all twisted up together— maybe if he wasn’t sweltering half to death he’d be seeing it clearer.
The air is steeped in heat, heavy with it, and the desk light bathes the room in soft, aged yellow. There are no shadows, and despite its size, the room feels small around them- like Castiel could reach out and touch everything in it if he tried to. Dean’s voice is a familiar, warm ramble that surrounds him as much as the haze pooling around his feet, and Castiel can think of nothing more pleasant than to keep listening.
“-Sam, I think I have some ideas, but I’ll need the research references you borrowed from the archives. Could you get them for me?” Castiel interrupts.
“It’s three in the morning, Cas. You’ve gotta loosen up a little. Get you some PJs, pajama pants,  just something other than salaryman on overtime, alright?”
The adrenaline is spilling out of him. The world is going as flat as his lungs feel, losing contrast and shadows. And Dean realizes that this? This fucking milk run? This is it.
He swallows, thumb running over worn silk. He’s tempted to take it off, take it with him, make Cas take it back later, but Castiel had wanted him to leave it be, so he does.
As he focuses on it, it cuts through the haze more and more, until he just can’t ignore it away. He looks at his half-eaten slice, sets down his fork mournfully, and gets up. “Don’t worry, baby. I won’t leave ya hanging,” he promises, and sets off to follow the stupid, shitty noise before it drives him mad.
It’s the storage closet, he realizes after a beat, the red glare painting it unfamiliar at first. He only looks long enough to ascertain a lack of threat.
Dean doesn’t look impressed, arms crossed over his chest with a surly look to his face. Castiel watches his hands, Dean’s finger tapping against his sleeve like a drumbeat.
Dean moans into his mouth and Castiel almost forgets to close his eyes, but as soon as he does the world flips on its axis. Castiel’s back hits the mattress with a whump and he reaches out to catch at Dean’s waist, if only to hold onto something.
Castiel… he isn’t beautiful, not the way Dean figures that kind of thing. He was striking, sure, the same way lightning is; blinding, static and the alien smell of ozone so parched it could be set off with a spark. His dour mouth is just as dry no matter how many chapsticks Dean pointedly tucks in the pockets of his trenchcoat, lips creased and pink like the line of his own hand and just as familiar—
Sam steps closer. The water trembles around his feet, soft circles of disturbance gently rolling outwards to lap against Dean’s bare feet. “Dean, did we talk about telling the oracles, yet?”
“...We, uh- we gonna do this or what?” Dean’s a little breathless, a little cocksure in the way he has when he isn’t, and he tilts his head back to look up at Castiel through his lashes in a way that-- he has to know what he looks like.
Turning to face up into the hissing spray, he lifts his hand to look at his fingers. The one Cas had healed up looked fine, the only pink fresh from the hot water, but the skin still felt dry, stretched taut. But hell, it doesn’t hurt, so he shrugs it off.
“How about you, Cas? How’re you feeling? The lore doesn’t have anything on how it could affect angels.” Sam asks.
The burning blue sky of his eyes, fixed on him like he could see right into him, like maybe Dean doesn’t need to find the right words if Cas can just
Dean stiffens, the hair on his arms standing right up as he turns slowly. The puddle sloshes softly around his feet. The soft, welcoming haze hides the corners of the room, and he squints against the dim, still as he is silent. Nothing shows itself. His entire frame is tense, wire-taut. And as soon as he turns, the ringing again slices through the air, but this time like every phone in the world is going off. It’s deafening.
He leans forward, and almost spills his glass. He cups it with both hands  instead, syrupy stuff warm on his tongue, but warmer still in his belly as he tips it back.
less clothes and a translucent purple strap-on that matched the mischievous curl of her lips but somehow even that hellaciously dirty night (or five) somehow doesn’t hold a candle to the way Castiel’s thumb presses up deliberately under the line of Dean’s jaw, pushing his head back, baring his neck as his throat works. Castiel dips down, and licks a line of sweet, syrupy heat up his neck, and Dean-- well, Dean is fucking done for.
He doesn’t notice passing through a pleasantly surprising buzz until he’s too deep to care, the library a hazy, comforting cocoon around him. Around them. Dean had been right: this was a good idea. He finally feels relaxed, for the first time in... days? He isn’t even sure, but it doesn’t seem so important, either. He lets his shoulders fall, rolling his neck slowly as he leans back against the side of the table, and realizes Dean’s worn boots aren’t up next to him anymore.
The oleander is everywhere, dripping over the crevices, growing upwards in search of an unreachable sun. It’s been centuries since he’d come across a well like this. And to find one in Lebanon, Kansas—   well. It wasn’t so illogical; he’d seen the wooden signs all around, Lebanon touting itself as the center of the country, and there is a certain and specific energy that gathers in those places. And here, in the middle of everything—
Castiel tilts his head at him as Dean hefts himself up off the floor with a sigh. His knees crack, and he stretches out his spine crookedly with a growling sigh. Then, he holds out a hand to Castiel.
Nothing happens. Dean blinks smoke-stung eyes, and then leans in closer. He breathes in again, deeper this time. The world wavers around him and he immediately closes his eyes, waiting in anticipation until Sam speaks.
Dean blinks slowly, because usually Sam was all about that Men of Letters bullshit, but- “Can’t argue with that, I guess.”
He lets go of his ears, grabbing at it so hard he knocks the receiver loose. He catches it, sure, but just barely. The ringing is all background noise now, fading to a hum, his world zeroing down to the phone he clutches against his ear. Dead quiet.
Sam makes a face at him, but it’s warm and familiar and he doesn’t stop, handing Dean a bowl and some butter, and Dean grins.
He frowns and gathers some of the mess as he wades toward the desk, lifting a page to examine it. Perhaps it had been a lead- Sam had mentioned research, hadn’t he? But this isn’t Sam’s sort of mess. Sam has a familiar, controlled clutter, stacks ordered up around him in reach. There was no method to this chaos.
It didn’t answer how he’d gotten back here, though. And despite all his rationalizing, he can’t kick the image of Castiel’s face so close to his, hand on his neck and-- but what, then? He’d just skipped on back to his room after coming in his jeans like a damn kid and passed out on his bed? Well-- yeah, maybe. Fuck.
don’t need to talk about it. Heat crawls up his very bare neck, and he wishes he'd taken ten seconds to throw a shirt or five on.
God, how long had it been? Something about what they’d done, it was like-- cracking his shell open and spilling his guts out. Hell if he could get’em back in. He wonders if it has more to do with Cas than with a shitty dry spell, but. That’s back to that no-man’s-land.
Dean cranes back to glare down at him, jerking instead as the ladder wobbles and his pulse jumpstarts.
“I don’t see how that would improve the experience of either the beer or the shower.” Castiel remarks.
Dean’s vision blurs here and there like rain on a windshield, but Sam isn’t wrong. Dean isn’t falling. Neither of them are. They’re not talking outloud, but Dean can see the connection between them, twining their consciousness together, and what Sam said about mind syncing makes sudden and perfect sense.
Still, he has to mute a vicious smile. His mind drifts, steam pouring into the spaces between his thoughts and filling him to the brim.
He wades into the water. The burn of it fades as it swallows him up to his thighs. Pale gray fabric swirls around him, already translucent with water, clinging and then billowing out around him as he steps deeper into the pool.
Castiel is confused, but Dean doesn’t sound like he’s in distress, despite the tightness of his voice and shallow rhythm of his breathing, so he tries as he’s told. It’s not near the same as Dean’s hand stroking him so desperately - though that thought does stir it, so it must be the right direction. Castiel lets out a breath and lets himself relax, bracing his palm on the mattress to lean back.
The emergency lights flick back on, flooding red with a low thrum. Everything else goes dead silent.
“Kinda looks like we can’t leave as long as it’s here,” he says, but the idea doesn’t seem to bother him. It’s weird, sure, but to be honest it isn’t as if Dean can bring himself to care either.
It also, circumspectly enough, gives him a chance to pause by Dean’s door, a fixed point in his small pilgrimage. Dean Winchester himself seems to be a fixed point in more than that— a measurement much too small to contain millennia, but somehow more than enough to mark it by. And if that isn’t concerning enough to mull over during his walks, it was only because he’s somehow come to accept it as fact enigmatic.
Dean purses his lips, trying to find that drifting calm again- it was never far out of reach, not lately. He can do this. Just get the answers- they’d fill Cas in later. And speaking of the angel… Cas had been so worked up about
“...Well? Why all the weeds?” His mouth purses, and he twists slightly further to study Castiel—  “These from outside?”
“Quit working yourself up, Cas, it’s just— an oversized rock.” Dean scoffs, because c’mon. It was true, right?
the frown in Castiel’s voice. “Dean, do you think we could speak alone?” Castiel shifts, lifting his head.
“...Look, Sam, I’m not liking either option all that much. Maybe we should hold off, you know, wait for Cas-”
Castiel shakes his head. “The stone is… unmoved.” He tilts his head at him. “No, these- I found them in the seam.”
And Dean nearly jumps out of his own damn skin, whirling around because that familiar voice isn’t on the phone, it’s—
Dean feels his cheeks color unbidden, and he shoves another bite in his mouth, brushing it off, and barely bothers to finish chewing before barrelling on, “
going to help us get out of here?” He shoves a book Castiel’s way. It slides through the pond at Castiel’s feet and stays, water leaching up the pages and leaving them dark.
He shudders as Dean rolls up against him again and he catches Dean’s wrists in response, pushing them against the bed above Dean’s head. “Be still.”
Castiel rolls over onto his side carefully, watching Dean for signs that he’s disturbing him, and then tilts his head to study the line of Dean’s profile. This, he could never lose the details of. The curve of his lips, the line of his jaw, every freckle smattered almost invisibly across his cheeks.
He’s in the laundry room, the one place Dean’s never actually seen him before. The angel’s back is to him, Castiel just staring at the wall as far as he can tell.
It shambles forward. Castiel’s blade is in his hand, and something unsteady builds up in his belly, something absurdly like panic.
Dean takes personal offense to this because 2am Dean has already reached his limit on blunt, but Sam’s already on the ball, waving a conciliatory hand in the air.
“Safe,” Sam echoes again with a firm nod, resonating, like he- they?- like he knows that’s the demand on Dean’s tongue.
“Here, I’ll go first, alright? Just remember- you’re going next, so that’s your warning fair and square.” Sam reaches down, dipping his fingers in a smaller bowl of oil Dean hadn’t even noticed until then. Droplets roll down his brother's palm, the back of his hand, leaving glistening streaks down his skin. Sam smears it in a straight line down his own face, the bridge of his nose, his lips.
Dean scrapes a hand through short-shorn hair, leaving it sticking up in a trail behind his fingers. His skin’s flushed, sweat prickling on him and glistening in the dim hall light.
Just waiting around the kitchen, washing dishes and messing around— is somehow the nicest moment Dean’s had in… a long time, really. He drinks his lukewarm coffee, he chats with his brother, and despite everything, all is somehow right with the world. And when the oven starts to smell
Dean gets up, grimacing as his bare feet hit a puddle instead of the floor, and shakes off the goosebumps rolling up his arms. He’ll clean himself up, then find Sam and pick his brain. He couldn’t be the only one this is happening to. He still isn’t feeling much of a need to leave the bunker, but the gonzo dreams… they’re starting to unsettle him enough to think that maybe Castiel isn’t wrong.
Castiel goes to his side, drawing the blade from the tile in one smooth motion. “Where is it? Did you see it?”
“I also saw that there’s not much to do about it. So why rake up a fuss where there ain’t one? It’s not like staying put is gonna kill anybody, right? What the hell’s better out there? It’s all just angels and monsters and petty gods who couldn’t be assed to find a family counselor rather’n rip up the whole damn world.” Something in the line of his mouth twists bitterly before smoothing. “Not like we’re gonna go all Cloverfield Lane if we all stay inside and enjoy not dealing with… all that, because for whatever goddamn creepy, messed-up reason it’s gonna inevitably be— it’s quiet here, Cas. Stone quiet. Not a damn case for
Castiel turns his head to the wall that he and Dean share— and at what point did the wall that was his become the wall that was Dean’s? Precisely in the middle, logically enough, but humans were illogical by nature and ownership was a tricky, imprecise concept at best. Curious to consider, however.
? I’m a psychic. An oracle. Or I used to be, a long time ago. Part of all this,” She gestures around them.
“Or. Maybe take a knee for a sec. Matter of fact, you know what? I? Am tired.” It isn’t exactly a lie. The bowl thing, the telling- it takes something out of him. Taps him right out, even though he’d just gotten up and he’d felt fucking great aside from the shit hero sandwich of his dreams-- wait.
, unblinking way he used to back when they first met, and Dean has his hands on the guy’s face, and fuck it, it’s too late to take it back now, right?
Dean reaches out. Pushes up Castiel’s sleeves until they’re bunched around his forearms- and then frowns and does them up again. Careful, this time. His tongue sticks out the corner of his mouth, until Castiel’s shirtsleeves are neatly rolled up to his forearms.
He throws his knife back onto his rumpled bed and pulls on his robe, immediately regretting it in the muggy warmth and yanking it back off. Fuck it.
“Just a little while. Here— siddown. It’s just getting to the good stuff,” Dean says as he turns the cassette tape over. It slides in with a soft plastic
Nothing in the stack looks like it’s about flowers, but perhaps Sam has another in the shelves waiting. He was a keen multitasker, after all.
Nothing about her says cheerleader; she’s draped in white robes, thin like silk and transparent where they cling to her skin, her curves as bare before him as the dark blush of her nipples where they bead against the spray. It’s not his usual daydream— but hell if he’s not willing to add it to the menu. He swallows hard, leaning back, grip tightening the slightest. His breath shallows out.
“You know, if tossing our beer bottles in a different trashcan is what saves the world, Sammy, either we aren’t working hard enough or we’ve been going about this entirely the wrong way.”
Castiel frowns, swinging his legs off the bed to stand. His navy socks are instantly soaked black, squelching in a distinctly unpleasant manner as he leans into the hallway. The floors are covered with water, reaching up to his ankles and soaking further up his leg as his socks gather up the water greedily. He misses his shoes.
Castiel's true form is broader than all of this; his wings could encircle the entirety of the bunker with ease. 'Lost' is an unforeseeable concept, and yet. And yet.
Dean sucks in a breath as Castiel pushes back inside, and then reaches up for him - palms sliding over Castiel’s skin, brushing over a beaded nipple in a way that makes Castiel’s body sing as his heels catch against the back of Castiel’s thighs. “Hate to break it to you, Cas, but patience isn’t always a virtue here-” He drawls, almost lazily if it weren’t for the banked embers in his eyes that flare as he slides up against Castiel.
sex-deprived hindbrain keeps circling back around to unexpectedly hot images that he isn’t sure he can face actual, real Castiel with and think about at the same time without frying some essential circuits. He figures maybe he can walk it off, grab some coffee, twist Sam’s arm until the guy talks. Sam would help. Sam always helps, even if only because being around Sam is probably the most surefire way to scrape his brain out of the gutter. This was all just stupid anyway, this shouldn’t bother him, wet dreams weren’t exactly unfamiliar territory and they’d never gotten in his way before, so why now, right?
That’s when he hears it. Familiar chords, slipping through the dense haze. A song, one he’s heard before— and he doesn’t know what the song is, but he knows the sense memory it draws: gleaming black paint, barely perceptible freckles, green eyes and an open road bleached noon-bright.
Except for the part where he’s thrown back, skidding through the water until he slams into the end of the corridor with a grunt. He swipes at his wet face, and takes another look at the beast.
“Hey, if that’s what it takes to get your head out of the gears and gets me back in bed? Fine, you big baby.”
Steam billows around it, filling in the last crevices of the space, bristling in thick, matted fur. When it steps forward, its two feet clack and scrape against the floor like hooves. How did he ever mistake that for Sam’s footsteps?
“An illusion, Dean.” Her lips don’t move, but he hears her, a murmur in his mind’s eye. “Sorry, it wasn’t really under my control.” She has a grassroots clip to her vowels that Dean faintly recognizes as familiar, a roll that reminds him of the gas station or the diner in town, oldtimers jawing over cheap coffee.
Castiel can’t help the way he sits up and reaches out, stroking his fingers along the length of him- all that want, it was for him. He did this.
Somehow, despite the whites of Sam’s eyes right in front of him, Dean feels watched, and not just by how Castiel’s attention swivels to him.
is details. And if we’re gonna start rounding people up for acting weird, I’m not sure you’re the poster kid for ‘normal’ here. He’s just stressed, same as us.” He spun the top back onto his flask with a violent flick of his thumb. “Besides, you still haven’t given me even one good god damn reason why he’d do it.”
When Dean awakes, it’s mostly in defeat. His bed is a warzone, sheets tangled and half-stripped from the corners to do that thing that fitted sheets do when they get free, the pillows crumpled, sad, punched things.
He stands, and the oleander takes dirt and roots with them, scattering on the floor and turning to mud beneath his shoes. He gathers the sharp edged leaves and soft blossoms to his chest.
“Ha, well— maybe, stick around more often, alright? Get some use out of it.” Dean swallows as Castiel’s hand falls back to his side, and he rubs the back of his neck, looking up and down the hallways.
Everything and nothing looks familiar, and irritation crawls glacially up his spine, gathering at the base of his skull. He’s been lost every hour on the hour lately, and this is the last place he should be lost. This is home. Hours and hours, researching beside the Winchesters. The kitchen should be two turns to the right.
This time though, when he walks past Dean’s door, he finds it propped open. A clunky fan drags in air from the hallway, and it sputters a little as it runs. Dean himself lays flat on his back on the floor by his bed, arms and legs splayed carelessly. He wears nothing but undergarments, boxers like Castiel’s own vessel had preferred, and he looks miserable.
“Cas,” he says, warm like a benediction, eyes flicking over the bundle of leaves and petals the angel held.
Dean flops onto his back, clasping his hands over his eyes and letting out a rough exhale. He was still sore, a nice warm well-fucked sore he still couldn’t quite believe he’d actually gone for. With
He keeps waiting for Dean to bring it up. He supposes there’s no surprise Dean hasn’t, though. Just being “too close” in Dean’s kneejerk estimations could make the man skittish and difficult for days, and they have done a great deal more than simply be “close”.
back into his still body, vertigo hitting almost instantly. His stomach is churning as he blinks his vision clear, eardrums popping like the pressure dropped. He sees Castiel first, looking past his shoulder, and he hears Sam’s annoyed tone before Sam’s in front of him, blowing out the rest of the bowl and waving the smoke away.
Instead of getting up, though, Castiel stares at the ceiling, and tries to piece himself back together.
“It’s stronger.” Castiel said. He starts pacing the kitchen, studying vents with pursed lips, wandering closer to Dean as he goes. Dean watches him from over his coffee cup, but when Castiel gets close enough, he pauses, cocks his head at Dean—  and leans in to smell him.
He searches for his angel blade but doesn’t know where his coat had landed-- but with Dean moving so quickly he has a stab of fear that he’ll lose him in the haze if he doesn’t keep up, so he forgoes it to race after him. He’s hardly a step behind, and together they pad barefoot across the wet floors, carving paths through rising steam.
It’s Sam’s ringtone, he realizes abruptly now that he’s paying attention to it, some shitty emo song he’d caught Sam moping to once. When he glances at it, the screen is crowded with missed calls and texts, Sam’s name over and over-
Gray spills down the stairs, twisting and coiling around Castiel’s ankles. He leaves a gash in the thin haze as he strides in, and Dean’s right on his heels only to find the angel staring down at the long, jaggy crack in the cement floor.
“Get away from the seam! It’s too much-” Sam is shouting, pulling them backwards. Castiel assists the best he can, stumbling back to his feet and dragging Dean up with him.
Castiel does move then, a hand jerking free from Dean’s shirt to grip the arm of the chair instead as if it's the only thing bracing him up (
He watches the liquid pour, and it feels like he loses an eternity watching it roll from decanter to glass. It doesn’t splash as much as pool, rosy golden honey rippling gently as their glasses fill.
The thought of racing to catch up to him, to do something about all this, seems absurd; as absurd as the break in pattern when Sam suddenly disappears back into his own room, door closing in a soft sweeping slosh of water, leaving nothing but an inch of wet that steamed, sending soft coils of unplaceable scent crawling up Castiel’s skin.
“...Sure, Cas. That’s a good idea.” Sam says. Then, he sits next to Dean, and closes his eyes as he relaxes back.
Dean’s gaze rakes over his skin. His throat. His loosened tie, the first button undone as his only concession to the heat.
Sam stands behind them both, watching quietly. His expression is furrowed, an unfamiliar purse to his lips that Castiel can’t read. Both of them are acting oddly, and Castiel can’t shake his unease, but he pushes forward. Something tells him that if they can just finish this one task, drag themselves out into the dead summer air— it would be enough.
That finally sparks it, the vague sense memory he’s been chasing since the earth trembled. The steam has a scent, because the water has a scent.
The way Dean misses the beat isn’t entirely his fault, to be fair; Castiel’s hands have slid down his back to cup what must be a perfect ass, fingers digging into warm skin hard enough to mark as Dean urges him on. Castiel’s rubbing and spreading, fingertips sliding against his own cock where they joined and dragging a wild moan from Dean’s throat and a groan from deep in his own. It only encourages Castiel to explore, fingering the slick stretched rim of skin with some wonder as he slid in and out of him-
He already knew the fumes were affecting him, too. Maybe he doesn’t have enough angel left in him to avoid it. Maybe even now he was just as high - as delusional - as Dean, and just too stubborn to admit it.
Castiel straightens, placing the bronze globe back on the shelf before he turns, considering the air.
It’s not like he remembers finishing off the bottle - and there was no way he’d drunk as much as in his dream and not ended up sick as a damn dog. He wasn’t much prone to blackouts, either, but he knew the hangover that followed’em a little too well, and this wasn’t it.
Dean rakes his hands through his hair and gives it a good hard tug, pulling his legs up to sit in the middle of his bed. His jeans are still sticky, and he grimaces. If he
It's when he heads into the kitchen, though, that he's greeted by an odd sight; Sam, standing at the counter, flour up to his elbows. He’s rolling dough out on the counter, and Dean stops short at the pure, foreign air of it all. Sam gives him a little shrug.
“Nah, Cas, don’t worry about it-  it’s not much worse than a summer heatwave. Just… hot. Two showers in today and I’m already angling for a third, so all I’m hoping for is that the tap runs colder than room temperature this time. God, I’d take an ice shower right about now.”
“Eh, spent a few months in southern California as a kid. Drills every five minutes— who’d think they’d stick? Earthquake, under desk. Stop drop ’n roll, tornado, doorframe, ‘this is your brain on drugs’, all that junk…” He pushes a lamp back into the center of the table from where it’d nearly rattled off.
“Cas, I got to-” He mumbles, and Castiel frowns and pulls his hand away. “Hm?” He says softly, but Dean’s already tensing, fingers digging at his pillow, “Lucifer-
Castiel looks down the hallway for the scraping claw marks. Dean follows his gaze, and even unarmed he stalks down the hall.
“I have it.” He hears Castiel’s voice instead, the ladder steadying almost instantly, “Sam left to go look at the electrical panel again and see if he’s missed anything.”
“Sorry,” Sam says, sitting heavily on the side of his bed, boots sloshing on the floor. Dean flips him off without looking and scoots preemptively to avoid sliding into Sam when the bed inevitably craters under his brother’s weight, but it barely dips.
Castiel hesitates before climbing up to sit across from him, leaving them properly face to face for the first time since Dean’s dream. Castiel rubs at his temples as he settles, and Dean could swear the lines around his eyes look deeper than even yesterday.
until the concrete cracks under his grip. Crumbles. He tears and he tears and he throws the broken pieces that don’t fall in aside until he can start to see darkness opening up below, water pouring in a ring past him and disappearing into the darkness with a wet roar.
Sam had been lagging behind, feet dragging on the steps as he came up behind, but he stops in turn with them.
Castiel tries to pull him closer, close the distance, but Dean resists. He splays his hand on Castiel’s stomach to pin him as he lifts himself up, sliding down to straddle Castiel’s thighs and hook his fingers in Castiel’s waistband. He slides both Castiel’s slacks and boxers down to his thighs in one movement, baring him.
This time, when Dean kisses him, he closes his eyes. It’s harder to predict, to sense the way Dean will move next without watching him, but there’s something satisfying in it. In gaining one sense by denying another, skin lighting up along the trail of Dean’s fingers.
Still, inaction has never sat right with him. So he chooses a direction that feels as correct as any other and starts walking, confidently enough, until he realizes it’s a stairwell up. The library is not up. But it allows Castiel re-orient himself, because there’s only one thing upstairs. He’s at the garage.
“The hell are you talking about?” Now, though, Dean is straightening up, looking up and down the hall- and over Castiel. He can feel the weight of his survey, even though it’s fleeting- as much as Dean’s hand, light against his arm. “I’ve been here a couple minutes, Cas, I haven’t seen anything. You sure it was this way?”
“-Just-- hold your horses, huh? Or your dick, just-- jack off for a second or something, alright? Just don’t cross the finish line or anything.”
Everything has been strange; something about this entire situation is like sandpaper on his skin. None of it feels right, but… He can’t say why.
on cold. Probably due to the whole not quite fixed thing. Either way, the hot water situation was even worse than yesterday’s lukewarm shower.
Dean pulls himself out from under the oak table with a shrug, dusting himself off- was that a cheeto? Gross.
Dean's hands slide over him, and he pushes himself up with a groan of effort, eyes still glassy and skin warm- "Sit up," and "c'mon, you're not gonna get anywhere like that, here-" and Castiel wants to stay but he obliges, sitting up, slipping free with a bitten-off sound.
And Dean surges forward, skipping over the broken glass in bare feet. Castiel races after him, “Dean-!”
...so hey, we're back! new goal: finishing this beastie before fifteen airs. (backup goal, lbr: finishing this beastie before it's all over)
Castiel looks over as Dean starts to rustle around, returning with an old glass decanter from somewhere in the cabinets, setting it between them. He rests a hand on Castiel’s shoulder. If it didn’t feel like it was burning through his white dress shirt, Castiel might not have said yes.
Dean swivels to watch Castiel out of the corner of his eye for his answer. The angel hasn’t moved, at least not that Dean’s heard, and Dean is very, very aware of the elbow almost touching his.
It’s like what Dean’s hearing isn’t quite lining up with what he’s saying, out of sync like an old Godzilla dub. Still, he swallows and pushes on.
His sheets still smell like Cas, he realizes. He tries to ignore it, push his face into his pillow and just zone out until the world’s rightside up again, but his brain won’t shut up.
Castiel is a winding coil of heat, but he moves slow, Dean's thighs lax around his hips, shallow half-thrusts that don’t so much bring him closer as keep him steady.
Their trail ends at the stairwell to the garage. Curls of pale smoke lick out from underneath the closed door in tenuous wisps.
“Something must’ve come loose, that’s all. We should just leave it for now. It’s warm, but the air’s still moving- so the ventilation’s working, at least enough that we won’t suffocate in our sleep.”
It doesn’t sound like a question. Somehow, though, the way Dean reaches up and curves a hand in Castiel’s collar does.
Deeper below, the air is liquid, humid and sweltering. Dean doesn’t know if the water dripping down his skin is sweat or condensation from the rocky ceiling, but he’s soaked through. He blinks water out of his eyes, step catching as he spots what’s got to be warding symbols, long glowing marks carved into the wall. Something in him claws for attention.
“Humans drink it during rites, or before battle. The anointing readies them. Their voice… mouth…” He traces Dean’s lips, leaving them wet as he speaks. “Preparing them, as a vessel. To open and receive.” He touches Dean’s forehead, “Mind.” Down, then, to circle around his heart.
The way Castiel’s hands had felt digging into his skin, the way their hips lined up just right… He hadn’t been able to help where his head went, let alone what he
Dean holds his glass up to the lamplight and rolls it to watch the thick liquid slide. He tilts his head.
He looks back up to Dean with furrowed brows and opens his mouth to ask, but then Dean’s swinging a leg over his and kissing him fervently, all teeth and tongue and Castiel is left clutching the packet in one hand and clinging to Dean with the other.
Dean tilts his head back, takes another drink, and Castiel cocks his head as the liquid drips slowly down the glass, disappearing between Dean’s lips. Too slow, thick as melting molasses, Dean’s bared throat shifting as he swallows it down. Castiel watches, entranced in a way he doesn’t usually allow himself. But this intoxication in him, it made him… weak.
Blue skies, tall trees, sunwarmed river rocks- and Jack, Baby’s keys in the kid’s pocket. He watches him cast off, copying the way Dean had done it with utter concentration. Dean pushes down the furious, helpless loss building like a storm behind his ribs and shows Jack what it's like to embrace the quiet calm of nothing much, their lines glinting in the sun.
Cas breaks his staring contest with the rock to glance at him, eyes flicking between Dean’s face and his lowered gun. His face does that wrinkling thing right around his eyes as they narrow in question.
But nothing’s going to get fixed until he fixes it, and when it comes to bothersome ideas, the idea of his home out of sorts makes his palms itch.
He turns to the door he’d just exited before he can lose it again, and ties the end of the red wire to the doorknob. When it’s knotted off good and tight, he starts to walk down the hall, unspooling the wire as he goes. He can’t lose what never leaves his sight- or his grip.
He remembers catching a glimpse of himself in the bathroom mirror, half-naked and flushed and wild-eyed in that sex kinda way, jeans caught around his thighs. He’d dripped slick, cold lube onto his hand, and saw it shake.
The heat really isn’t so terrible; it’s even starting to feel good, gentle like fingertips, and doesn’t
figured out a few things, if Sam would stop long enough to listen), but he falters. “...You saw that?” He thinks of Dean’s fingers on his; heat flushes through his veins, swelling to his cheeks.
He gets footing enough to turn and run, only sliding once through the water pooling at the crossroads. He needs ground- needs space to think, to plan, his gears grinding.
“You just want… that one. I mean. Okay. Well. That’s that, then. It’s yours. I- think there’s a couple boxes in there, books Sam was moving around, but just toss ‘em in the next room over. We’ll get them into the library eventually. You… sure you don’t even want to look at it first?”
Castiel frowns, and lays a hand on the stone. It’s quite cool to the touch; he doesn’t blame Dean for leaning against it, although he’d prefer if the man were at least a little more on alert. Now isn’t the time to relax- or to lie with Dean Winchester, though that’s certainly an offer he hasn’t received before.
A soft sound escapes his clenched throat, barely more than a thready gasp, and he feels Castiel shudder against him.
Behind him, the call wall is going mad. A tattered box of cell phones is threatening to rattle right off the table, strays clattering against the desktop, filling his ears til he’s drowning in it-
“So, I think maybe your fixes didn’t hold,” Sam suggests, and as far as a just-woken Sam went, it’s downright tactful.
Dean relaxes partway; that was something, at least. “Earthquakes in friggin’ Kansas,” he grouses. “I’d say end times, if we hadn’t run that horse into the ground ten times over.”
Dean stares at him, because by now the growing ringing is already gritting his teeth, scraping in his skull.
“What, no opinion on all this?” He raises a brow, a little sarcastic, a little prodding, and frowns because Sam’s got his thoughtful face on. Dean waits like he’s supposed to, and finally Sam sighs.
“Whoa, whoa, whoa. Wait. What happened to your whole omniscient renaissance rainman deal?” He cut in disbelievingly, gesturing at the stone, and his arm is pushed back down in response.
At some point in the last several minutes, the crack has stopped leaking entirely, silent and still. Now, it’s just a jagged split, barely big enough to jam your fingers in and shallow enough that if you did, your hand wouldn’t fit all the way-- especially if your hands were broad as Castiel’s, as he does just that.
“Whatever this is, all this goddamn phone business is gonna end or I’ll end it my own damn self and it ain’t gonna be any kind of pretty-”
Instead, he floats on his back, the tall, ragged ceiling obscured by viscous clouds. A thread of light bleeding in through a cracked ward refracts in the fog, particles dancing like dust motes, and he thinks distantly, that that was it. The earthquake. That insignificant, nothing crack is how she got out. How he got here.
His wrists twist against Castiel’s grip -- testing it more than trying to rip free, Castiel realizes, and Castiel has no interest in failing Dean’s tests. Something in Dean’s expression shifts, chin tilting up the slightest, and his skin has bloomed warm from his collar up his neck but there’s still something in his look, something that hooks the edge of his mouth into something challenging.
“‘As much as I’- you’re sayin’ it’s... that doesn’t make sense, you mean if I went up to it ‘n gave it a shove, it’d just tip on over? Bullshit.”
It’s hard to imagine warmth feeling great at the very moment--  but healing the way Cas does it, it’s a soft film, one that wells up and burns under his skin until the outside doesn’t, and Cas lets him wave him off when it’s through- even if waving him off just means the angel cedes a few inches to propriety.
“... I’ll be back with Dean. We can all three figure this out together, I’m sure of it. I think I have a lead.”
-and Sam blinks and lifts his head, waving at the thick smoke between them with a hand and coughing.
Alone, even as his skin vibrates at some molecular level, a languid hum sunken into him as he sinks forward against the wall and just
Sam bows his head, flipping open a folder, and it feels like the shadows snap back into place. His tone is brisk. “We’re not figuring out anything running around. If you want us all in the same room, you can go get Dean yourself, alright? I’m busy.” He doesn’t look up again; it’s an obvious dismissal.
Castiel is all too accustomed with their pattern by now; Dean steps closer, Dean pulls away, and they move together in a dance with no ending. Admittedly, this is a far bigger step than Dean usually offers, one Castiel would have scoffed as impossible not so long ago. Being in Dean’s bed - being inside him...
As fucking always, he’s entirely attuned to the angel ahead, the way his body goes alert and still. Dean is already taking the last steps two at a time, safety off and he doesn’t stop until he sees what stopped Cas in his tracks.
“Apologies for the deception, Dean.” Sam murmurs, and Sam’s mouth isn’t moving but Dean can see him speaking. His voice is lilting, shifting, familiar and unfamiliar all in one-- and he knows, suddenly that this isn’t Sam sitting on his bed in front of him. Sam is outside, Sam is safe, Sam is worried sick, and Dean hasn’t seen Sam in days and days, Sam is--
He stared down at it, the gleaming silver revealing nothing but ceiling tiles and the shadow of Dean’s jaw, and can’t remember how.
It’s gotten easier now that he’s older, at least. He doesn’t attract the same attention he had when he was a twenty-something that always had a couple shots in him and something to prove.
With a snarl, he throws it to the ground. It crashes, skipping on the puddle and sending ripples swaying around his feet.
Castiel isn’t ready to find out. He stays still, and prays Dean stays asleep, if only not to learn what will happen when he wakes.
Meanwhile, Castiel is already doing that forehead-wrinkling deep recall kind of look, and Dean shakes his head immediately to stave him off.
When he finally twitches awake, stomach in knots, it’s to Miracle’s insistent low whine, like he always does when Dean’s caught up in a nightmare. He reaches out for him on autopilot. His fingers brush fur and then lose it.
And if that isn't enough, the strange loop of half-dreams whenever he shuts his eyes would do it. They weren't nightmares, he's pretty sure- and if anybody's qualified to know a nightmare when they have one, it's kinda him.
There’s no need to spend another moment here. Maybe it’s being in Dean’s room that’s sharpening the air between them, putting Castiel on edge. This is Dean’s private sanctum, and Castiel doesn’t belong.
He makes it half a step before he feels Dean’s hand around his wrist, as tight as Dean’s expression when he looks back at the man.
Castiel sticks close, like if he lost sight of him he’d lose him forever. The proximity makes Dean’s neck itch and heat rise in his cheeks, but it’s not far and he tolerates it until they’re safely in the confines of the kitchen, and Castiel visibly relaxes.
But it hadn’t been like this. Dean hadn’t looked like this, before. Even last night. Perhaps it was a matter of perspective, seeing him from
Another bulb pops, and another, all the way down the hall as they go, leaving Dean and Cas in darkness except for the sparks raining down on them. Dean curses, and Castiel forcibly drags him to drier land. Electrocution likely requires a direct current, but Castiel doesn’t trust Dean’s luck any more than he trusts his own.
remembers- and besides, even with whatever Cas is wrestling with, would Castiel really brush something like that so far under the rug? No way. Probably no way. Final point goes to wet dream.
He was going to let go, but Dean’s hand clasped over his, fingers around his wrist, expression irritated.
“...But sure. Why the hell not, huh? Maybe it’ll at least make Cas happy- then he can cool his jets and relax.”
He skids to a stop. And bolts left, yanking open one of the endless doors - any one, it doesn’t matter- to slide inside. He drags the door shut after him and has to force himself to let go of the knob, prying his fingers loose one by one, as quietly as possible.
“I am present.” Castiel says, low. Dean’s hand doesn’t draw back, and Castiel looks up. Dean’s eyes are on him, watching the soft press of his own fingertips against skin. His thumb barely touches Castiel’s mouth, and Castiel’s skin prickles head to toe in a rolling rush and—
“What? Hell if I know. Why not, add it to the list.” Dean almost shouts for Castiel to hear him over the shrill klaxons.
A single oil-black feather falls to the floor and he stares at it, watches as it flows with the eddies and swirls of the moving current, and disappears into the deep gray of the seam at his feet.
“Dean,” he hears from faraway as she turns back to him, eyes pale and liquid as the steaming lake. Pitying, almost. “You can’t break the compulsion.”
Despite it, he tries to hold onto the details, the taste of him, the feel of his skin, but everything had been so… overwhelming the memories were already beginning to lose their immediacy.
“-- Or what it says, right?” Sam cuts in, studying Castiel’s face, “Because you can’t read it, either.”
Castiel loses a moment there, he must have, time closing in and expanding all at once as Dean lowers himself down onto him. His thighs are warm against Castiel’s, muscle trembling underneath minutely as tight, slick heat envelopes Castiel and the world falls away, leaving nothing but sensation and the blood roaring in his ears.
He idly watches his feathers drip into the hole, by the dozens now, disappearing into darkness that swalllows them with a distinct hunger, like there’s something at the bottom collecting them with open maw. Castiel cocks his head and listens, watches, clings to every and any other sense beside scent.
He doesn’t do that, not about the ones he really cares about. Feelings—  his feelings in particular—  always end bloody. He’s seen Cas broken too many times not to ignore the way he watches him— Dean isn’t stupid, and he isn’t oblivious, either. Sure, maybe at first; Castiel, he was an angel. A being. (
“...I mean, probably,” Dean concedes, albeit grudgingly. “I call the one from this decade, though. You can have the one that wails like Mary Magdalene.”
“And you’re smelling this stuff... Now? So you’re saying that we’re ‘breathing in’ all these future fumes. And those oracles, wouldn’t they, y’ know, get super high? Wait, are we—” Dean tilts his head back to look at him, brows drawing, “Are we
The world spins crookedly around them but they’re the burning center of this hazy little universe and Dean isn’t about to let go, hands digging into the starchy fabric of his slacks, thumbs hooking the sharp angle of his hips--
Cas, both of them moving together in a perfectly discordant rhythm of hips fucking up into each other, jeans scraping against slacks, Dean’s cock burning against his zipper but he can’t bring himself to pull away long or far enough to do anything about it.
Sam’s route repeats, again and again, Castiel almost transfixed by the oddity. He hadn’t been aware either of the Winchesters had noticed his patterns. His slacks are wet to the knee now, water slowly leaching up into the pressed fabric.
Castiel is on Dean’s left, hair still wet, curling and sticking to the nape of his neck. There isn’t much more to see, because he’s got his forehead flat on the table.
"...Good,” Dean licks his lips, swallows visibly, then “great, really, so are you gonna..." he gestures vaguely down at their hips, "y'know... anytime soon?" It’s not a question, despite the rise in tone at the end. Castiel looks down at where they're joined, his arms still loosely wrapped around Dean’s waist.
Dean stares up at him flatly, and Castiel finally retreats a few inches. Still, he continues before Dean can open his mouth.
Castiel shakes his head, eyes flicking to Dean’s for a moment. It’s probably supposed to be reassuring.
And Dean realizes belatedly that he’s a complete idiot. If he’d just let Sam shoo Cas off, he could’ve gotten a real, solid answer about the night before, no strings attached. Wave off the last stubborn two percent of doubt in his head-- and figure out if some of the tension in Cas’ shoulders is his fault.
“Just dandy, Cas. That’s why I’m laying on cement,” Dean groans. He gestures halfheartedly at the mussed bedsheets. “Bed’s too warm. Goddamn heat trap.”
Uhhm so you know how the rating went up? it's this chapter's fault. this is not camilla's fault. camilla is a good writing saint. camilla tried to stop me but too late now. camilla = word smart, hanzie = all gumption meets zero upstairs brain. I ARGUED FOR THIS. ??? paying for it now in spades of embarrassment but welp . merry christmas babyyy (insert 'the mortifying ordeal of being known' here)
There’s not much room in the front seat where Dean sprawls, nor does the man seem inclined to sprawl any less, and Castiel finds himself laying crosswise in the backseat. His feet hang awkwardly out the side door.
He can’t keep doing this. This beast knew the halls better than he did right now. He was more likely to run into it again than Dean, or even Sam. He can’t wander alone.
The room is dimly lit, but Castiel has the strange, static feeling of standing in the dark. Straining to see something you can’t. It sets his nerves on edge.
