Take that back, Tony
"Oh, see. There's my baby. I love seeing you smile, it looks really good on you, sweetie." Steve cooed, making Tony blush, a shame something Steve couldn't see in the dark atmosphere. "You are, the sweetest, most handsome, most absolutely selfless, most caring, most amazing man, Tony. You're the best anyone could ever ask for, and I know you don't believe me for a second. But honey, you gotta at least get used to me telling you over and over. What happened with Ultron was not just your fault, if you blame yourself you have to blame Bruce and those kids just as well. But it's okay, okay? We took care of it. It wasn't just your mess."
between them, and the feeling was mutual. Hell, this whole "fresh start" thing was really taking its toll, not that either of them would complain though.
at this point. Watching Tony crane his neck further, letting him in as he let out relentless gasps was single-handedly one of the hottest thing Steve had ever seen in his
this noise, and all that flooded through his head was sheer worry. It made him want to drop everything and risk coming out of hiding just to go see Tony and tell him the same things he would tell him back then, but also to hold him tight and assure him that everything would be okay because he was there and Steve would protect him from
Tony took a deep breath and felt his whole face heat as it beamed with happiness. "I missed the fuck outta you too, Rogers." he chuckled to himself.
only to feel everything beginning to make sense again the second he and Steve began working together.
. Clint, Wanda, Sam, and some other person named Scott he hadn't gotten to know were locked up, treated as prisoners. He was left with terrible guilt of bringing Peter into this chaotic world (yet another impulsive decision he blames himself for). And he and Steve had parted ways. Steve,
Tony only realized when Steve took his face in his hands that he was choking back on soft cries and tears were streaming down his face. Steve's instinctive, protective mode kicking in, realizing he was probably hurting Tony. That being the last thing he wanted.
finally again, settling back to his lips as he whispered his name against his mouth for what seemed like an eternity.
, it was all
Eventually Steve finally gave in and collapsed against Tony, quick to roll off of him, seeing Tony was already struggling to breathe. Needless to say, he still kept a leg in between his thighs, his knee slightly nudging against his softening cock; his cock still inside of him, not wanting to move just yet; and his arms cuddled around his torso and he kept his head in the crook of Tony's neck, breathing him in and allowing his lips to curl into the biggest, stupidest grin against him. Steve could still feel him shivering against him. Tony runs his fingers through Steve's hair again like he did earlier, this time more calm, almost as if he was petting him. His breath still uneven and trembling, his lips starting to quiver and nearly crying. He didn't mean to, he was just so
So Peter does what he wouldn’t have expected to be doing. In a flash of something unexpected, he grabs her by the middle and throws himself over the roof. Swinging by two isn’t that hard, but it asks for a bit of adjustment. Peter doesn’t even recall the journey back to the apartment. Neither does he really remember what exactly happened afterwards.
“Not that we don’t like happy reunions, but I’m sure it’s warmer inside than here,” she assures them. Tony and Steve laugh, and the other nod before starting their way back inside. A short look at Yaël and he finds her nodding towards the great hall again, where Peter’s headed to.
Tony turns around, giving Steve a smirk, actually impressed. “Did you just make a suicide-joke? I didn’t think you had it in you, dear.”
He’s going to have to join Tony’s team to face Steve. Steve, Captain America, the man Peter has almost come to see as a father-figure in the past few weeks. This is just all kinds of fucked up. Is it him, or is it getting harder to breathe?
“Three, two, one.”
“Cool,” Tony says, putting the note away without responding to whatever the message says aside of the fact that he’s already picking his phone back up and starting to type down another number. “Just, be careful. If not, I might take Karen away from you so you’re less distracted.”
need to take a leak.”
“I’ve come to realize I don’t really know
“Sometimes I just get these panic attacks. My meds are supposed to stop them, but if they’re coming back I’ll probably have to switch medications again,” he admits. With the way his body is, it adapts itself easily to any changes that is brought upon it. Since the medication changes a small part of his hormone-production, his body must have habilitated itself to it. Immunity to the medicine means switching to something else again.
“What are you going to do?” Peter asks. MJ just snorts.
She should call Steve! Yes, that was the best solution she had. But as soon as she took her phone, she remembered her friend was on some kind of mission. She could still call him, right? There was no problem with that. After scrolling through her phone for a bit, she found his name. But what if she’d distract him by calling and he got shot? That would be her fault, she couldn’t do that.
"I'll give you what you want baby. What do you need, Tony?" Steve asked in the most gentle voice, adjusting himself so he could press a kiss to the back of Tony's neck, resting his head there on the top of his back as he still thrusted his fingers deep inside of him. Tony groaned below him, jerking a little as he whined again with a frustrated moan. "Steve, baby. More,
Steve couldn't help but laugh to himself, curling his fingers inside of Tony, stretching him wider as he sat up, fingers moving out of his ass just a little, thrusting them back in fairly quickly and angling them just right to hit his prostate, earning a sharp yelp from Tony below him, as he completely pulled out his fingers, quickly stripping himself of his boxers, Tony only being able to hear the sounds of Steve fumbling around with the bottle of lube and the low, relieved groans that Steve exhaled as he gently took Tony and placed him back on his back, spreading his thighs apart for him and leaning down for a kiss. He loved to have him on his back like this, loved to watch him fall apart, all of it. Tony gasped, Steve swallowing every noise and other moans he let out, his heartbeat quickening as his cock twitched with interest against Tony's thigh, the soft noise he let out insinuating he felt it which made Steve blush, a small wave of embarrassment taking over.
And besides that, he was ready to forget old memories and determined to make new ones. And
It's okay, baby. I got you. I'm gonna give you what you want, don't you worry." Steve assured him, coddling him, slowly pulling his hand back in case he pushed Tony too far with just those few pumps. Trying his absolute hardest not to ditch the idea of eventually getting inside Tony and instead crawling down to his knees on the bed as he placed his hands on his thighs to hold him down and give him the best blowjob of his
give him gesture of a truce with that dumb little flip-phone. Tony still appreciated it, despite how frustrated and bitter he was. The phone specifically tugged at his heart, causing him to carry it on him at all times. He didn't know exactly
He gives the doors of the elevator a kick before making a complete turn to get to the stairs. Preparing himself for the three floors he’s about to go up, he starts walking.
“Come on, Tony, I don’t really need to know all that!” Natasha complains, giving him a slap on the shoulder. Tony then gives her a smug look, fishing something out of his inner pocket of the jacket and holding it up in the air. Natasha can see immediately what it is.
"Okay, dear," Steve returns. He leans forward to kiss Tony on the cheek before standing up. Peter focuses on his homework, taking out his pen to start writing the answers down. But, after a few minutes already, he takes out his cellphone and pulls up the group chat to complain about being bored. Ned answers immediately, agreeing with that fact.
Shit! Peter looks down at his hands, realizing that he doesn’t know if he could be able to lift up the damn building and get his family out.
“Because… I got… homework,” Peter lies. Tony rolls his eyes.
“Peter, are you awake?” he asks. “Listen, I made some hot coco. There’s something we need to talk about.”
, Peter leans against the door, putting a hand on his hip while he waits for the men to turn around. He clears his throat once.
“I, uh-“ she starts.
That sneaky kid…
“He can’t show you!” Steve shouts in panic. Daisy, who had been reaching her hand towards Tony, pulls her arm back as if she was about to be burned. Confused, she looks back at Cap in search for an answer. “The, uh… the suit keeps him alive. He’s immune-system is weak, and taking it off could kill him!”
And Tony, whose heart is still beating way too fast, and whose breath is still extremely low, can only smile in return before pressing his face against Steve’s chest and pulling the covers over them.
“Care for a dance?” Steve asks. Tony looks at his hand, surprise obvious on his face.
“Uh, actually, I’ve lost my job,” she says, trying to chuckle it away. The wetness in her eyes indicates that she’s trying her best to hide the tears, but Tony knows her too well for that. He remembers the few times she came to him, in tears because her boyfriend from that time dumped her, and she didn’t have any sisters or brothers to go to. “It appears somebody saw me. They’re not going to arrest me or anything, but I was fired immediately.”
“I understand that,” Tony admits. Before he can speak again, the door opens again and Steve steps inside. He looks worried, casting a short glance towards Peter before turning to Tony. Slowly, he makes his way to the three, coming to stand still right next to Tony but still keeping a respectable distance between the two of them.
Or maybe they were done, maybe they were friends again and maybe Yaël had to call Peter to check if he was still alive. That last thought had flashed many times in her head, but she was terrified of Peter being dead because she knew that would be on her. She should’ve warned everyone instead of fleeing.
“Let’s go!” Brunnhilde yelled.
Peter frowns a little bit at the apartment he finds himself at. The wallpaper of the hallway is faded and shredded in so many places that there’s in fact more bare stone on the wall instead of the actual pattern. He wonders if the door would fall out if he would knock on it, but then decides that he doesn’t really care; if it’s stalker-guy’s apartment, he would gladly see it fall down on the ground.
“Can you-“ Peter starts before clearing his throat again. “Can you tell me about her?”
Peter gives him a glare. Tony just sticks out his tongue while pressing the phone to his ear. Not long after that, the other person on the line picks up.
“Jeesh, calm down, Peter,” Felicia mutters. They’re finally outside after that, and Peter takes a large gulp of fresh air. Or, as fresh as the air can be in such a large city as New York. “Besides, what else could you do? You don’t fight crime and disasters like the Avengers?”
Shit, right okay she probably knows. Tony clears his throat, swallowing through a hard lump before nodding.
“I’m sure we don’t,” she responds. She grabs for her bottle of water and takes a large gulp. Then she throws Harry a very unimpressed glare. “Listel pal, if you’re looking any longer I feel like I might combust into flames. Just say something or look somewhere else.”
Peter loves those kinds of discussions. They are the best – mostly because he learns a lot in them.
The bald man next to him, professor X apparently, nodded. “I’ve seen what she is capable of, she needs a second chance. I helped her train…”
“And I want the two of you to just listen to me,” Peter continues. “I just need honest answers, and I’ll tell you the exact same thing I told you in my universe.”
And Peter sleeps soundly the rest of the night.
“Can you please explain that to me? I don’t really understand what’s going on...”
“I must be off now,” she says, pointing towards the box. “Be a dear and pick this up, will you?”
“What I was trying to say; Dad! He just fell out of the sky and I was on patrol and I decided to check it out and it’s actually him I saw him turn back to normal but he was green and huge and-“
“In the New York Sanctorum,” the other man says. He has a strong accent, so he mustn’t be from around here. “Where did you come from?”
“I can’t go to Germany!” Peter quickly counters, though he knows he wants to. Only, as Peter Parker, rather than Spider-Man. He loves being Spider-Man, but not around Tony, because that means he has to hold himself back.
- Mentions of Drug intake (willingly)
“No, you get to shut up!” he says, voice shaking a little bit. “You don’t know me, Rogers. None of you do. And you may think that watching over me and making sure I’m not doing stupid shit will help me, but I’ve gotten myself out of this crap before without all your help!”
Peter feels his insides warm up at the confession; Steve cares about him! But in what way? As just a random friend way? Or… maybe more? Would it be too much hope for Peter to have the Captain see him as a son of his own? That he would not only gain one father, but two of them? That would be too lucky, now, would it?
“Wish me luck, shorty!” she then calls out with a wink. Before Peter can even say something in return, she’s already gone into the building, on her way to have a talk with his possible father. Man, that’s all kinds of weird.
“Yeah, so do I,” Peter jokes. Then he lets out a deep breath, like he’s hesitating on telling them something. It’s clear he eventually decides to keep his mouth shut, but now Tony finds himself curious as to what he was about to tell them.
“We’re not doing the
Tony eyes the goo on the ground, wondering where his checkbook went. Following Strange, he takes a good look at the building from the inside, having never been here before. It’s just like he would have imagined it being; full of nonsense.
- Peter being a teenager
“To me it seems like the guy has some sort of personal vendetta against you,” Michelle states while the video is still playing. Peter sees himself kicking Harry in the stomach before falling down. It looks much shorter than it felt when Iron Man grabs him and quickly flies him away from there. “Care to explain, Parker?”
“Listen, Steve, I have a lot of money riding on this, and I’m not going to let you ruin my chances of winning it,” Natasha had told him warningly, pointing a finger at his face with a menacing look in her eyes. Clint hadn’t been there at that moment.
Much to probably nobody’s surprise, there’s no answer. A guy suddenly jumps up out of nowhere, throwing an arm over Peter’s shoulder and pulling him close until his face is only a few centimeters removed from the other guy’s. Peter blinks a few times in surprise.
It’s a thing he does. Every time he comes, the members of the Avengers can expect some sort of upgrade to their armor, gadgets or weapons.
her? She’s still asleep? What the hell, it’s four in the afternoon!
“No, it’s fine. See you soon.”
Suddenly the young Charles Xavier was walking next to her. They passed the gate together.
“’Keep on bakin’!’. That’s what it says,” Steve explains. Before Tony can say anything in return, the waiter offers them the menu. Steve thanks him, giving him a smile before he walks off again. At first, he seems hesitant on opening the door, but after a while he does cast a glance towards it.
“Yeah yeah, ad if it takes too long we’ll skip to the real act,” he agrees. Natasha bites on her lip as she tries to hold back her laughter. Especially when they press the play-button.
“Yeah, he, uh… He’s not doing too well, though he’s trying not to show it,” Peter admits. “He’s in India somewhere, now. I don’t know where, though.”
“Hi, it’s Peter,” he starts. “I’m sorry for calling you, but I have a bit of an issue here.”
When Vision noticed Yaël was still doubting to just run back to the basement, he told her once more to go, then turned around and disappeared in the red alarming flashlights. Out of utter frustration and anger, Yaël stomped her foot and yelled, which caused the scenery around the compound to crack open and create deep, long tears in the ground here and there. With a fierce grunt, Yaël pulled open the door of the taxi and right when she slammed it shut behind her, rain started pouring down.
“But nothing. If it’s supposed to be the end for us, then so be it.”
“Hey, Tones, your boy didn’t know about his Italian heritage! Say something in Italian!”
It’s horrible, really. Tony’s probably the only one in this house who knows how Peter is feeling right now – to some extent – yet he finds himself the least competent on knowing how to deal with it.
“Let me guess, it made you horny as fuck?” Yaël asks, unashamed. Peter feels his cheeks redden before he throws himself back down on the bed, repeating his position from earlier. Yaël just laughs it out, then. “Don’t worry, I don’t have a secret crush on you, Peter. My libido’s just… extremely high, I suppose.”
- Self Doubt
It's a heavy week for everybody living in Stark Tower.
“I have the feeling this cage was specifically designed to keep people like me in. It’s protected against my powers, somehow, I think,” she whispered these last two words, as she wasn’t really sure why she thought all of this. The man sighed, but his face softened.
“It’s that or certain death,” Korg shrugged.
FRIDAY suddenly adds in a warning tone. “
Steve mumbles. Then the camera moves again until Tony is lying down next to Steve, the phone above their heads.
Tony would often think of moments like those as he passed by every now and then. He's gotten better at dealing with what had happened, and not knowing if Steve felt the same for some reason ruined him.
"Listen. Tony. We did the absolute best we could in the moment, okay? All of us. You always do so good, sweetheart. You are the best, and don't forget it for one second." Steve tells him, gently rubbing his thumb across Tony's cheek. "And no matter what happens, Tony, nothing will ever change how I feel about you. You know why?" Steve asked in a soft, gentle voice, slowly guiding his hands around Tony. Tony just shook his head, both in question and immediate disagreement as to whatever he was going to say next. Steve shook his head in disapproval before he kissed him slowly, pulling Tony closer by the hips. "Because, honey. I. Love. You. And I always will. Nothing will ever change that." he answered between the soft kisses he trailed down his mouth, to his jaw, under his chin and on his neck. "I always will, baby. No matter what. Nothing will ever, ever change about how I feel about you. No one ever comes close to you. You amaze me, Tony."
. Tony knew why Steve was distancing himself, knowing how Steve's mind worked. Tony hated that he knew he was going to have to be the one to say something; that words would never get spoken if he didn't say anything first.
"Steve. 'M not stupid." he sighed, beginning to turn away and wriggle out underneath Steve. He paused, Steve crouching up behind him, gently pressing his body over his side. "How much did you hear?" Tony finally asked, still not facing Steve. Steve didn't move, just stayed where he was rubbing circles into Tony's sides. He told him truthfully that he had heard everything, Tony just shook his head in shame, quick to apologize over waking him up. "I'm sorry, Steve, really. But you know it's true, you deserve someone so much better than me. I don't come to bed, leaving you all alone up here, I tinker until God-knows-when in the morning, I scare the bejeezus out of you almost getting myself killed, honey, I-"
Tony never heard the rest of Steve's question. And he wasn't sure if he even wanted to. Tony slammed the phone shut, hanging it up, and chucked it across the room, hitting a wall, causing a crack that still remains there lying across the screen. As soon as he realized what he had done, he started to hate himself even more, eventually surrendering to emotions as he sat there, uncontrollably sobbing all balled up with his arms wrapped tight around his knees. Nearly choking as he repeated
"I love you too, Tony." Steve responded in a hushed tone before one final kiss to Tony's cheek. "Now, sleep." he playfully ordered, running his fingers through his still-damp hair before finally drifting off back to sleep, content knowing he was with the one he loved.
over and over to no one but himself for nearly hours before he eventually found himself drifting off into an uncomfortable sleep on the floor.
. Rhodey was practically paralyzed
if it meant protecting Bucky from the pain he didn't deserve. And he came fairly close to doing so too, the only thing stopping him being the earlier choice to take off Tony's helmet, and then to stop himself. Tony felt as if he couldn't blame Steve though. He knew Bucky was Steve's everything, that he had been secretly longing to have him back since he found out he was alive, he always knew deep down he could never compare. That Steve would choose Bucky over Tony any day, despite having been in a relationship with Tony for about three years. Tony always knew he could never be Bucky, but he also couldn't help but let emotion get the best of him and feel so
Steve. He needed to hear his voice, his beautiful voice that he would remember hearing every time he awoke from a nightmare, the same one that whispered to him as he trailed kisses along his neck, assuring him
want-"
and not just treating it as sex. And to him, that's what made every time with Tony extra special.
breath though. It belonged to someone who's breath he had become intimately far too familiar with.
Tony." Steve sighed, not knowing how else to get it through Tony's head other than give him logical praise, reminding him of the things he did so selflessly for the world, for the ones he loved, yet he knew he probably still wouldn't believe him. Steve held his head up and just smiled at Tony, pushing a lock of hair behind his ear. His hair was getting long, and Steve loved it so much. He couldn't remember ever seeing him like this, but he loved it. It seemed like a pointless thing that Steve would make a fuss of and repeatedly mention, but my God, Tony was just so beautiful, he felt like crying staring back into those beautiful chocolate brown eyes again for the first time in forever. "I meant what I said, y'know? You did good. You did
, honestly believing he would die by the hands of the one person he loved most in this world. He remembers internally
"I love you." He whispers as their noses rub together, feeling himself start to rush in, fucking him harder, losing himself in his head where nothing else mattered. The feeling of sweat finally starting to really sink in with him; it rolled down his back, his forehead, down his arms and making their skin slick and shimmer on Tony as the sun through the peak of the window hit him
." Tony paused, licking his lips. "
Steve leaned back up against his knees, assisting Tony out of his boxer briefs himself, taking his hard cock into his hand, giving him gentle strokes, causing Tony to whimper above him; the sight of him so gorgeous it was painful.
Pepper. So much to the point where he would consider her his soulmate, they've been through so much and anyone around Pepper for more than five minutes would know it's nearly impossible
Tony had almost caved once in the span of two years, and it was about two months after the fall.
." Tony smiled at the nickname, grabbing Steve's neck, pressing deep kisses. Steve groaned above him, holding him tighter. "God, Tony. I missed you so much. So, so much, sweetheart."
with him. And it was the most amazing, intimate feeling he had ever felt in a relationship. He remembered falling asleep in Steve's arms slowly after he promised him he just wanted to close his eyes for a few moments, and waking up to the feeling of emptiness, only for relief of the brief panic to come just moments later when he looked up to see Steve sitting at the edge of the bed, a single bedside lamp lighting up the room as he noticed a pencil in one hand, and Steve's sketchbook in the other. From the tiniest glimpse he caught of the paper, Tony could tell Steve was drinking in the moment, sketching down what Tony had looked like on their bed. When Steve looked up and met his eyes with Tony's, he could see Steve's face flush with embarrassment.
and other curses over and over followed by other un-thought through cries of pleasure; being so overstimulated already, not having even come yet. Steve had made a low, almost
After coming down from an anxious, guilt-ridden high, his mind shifted focus to what he should be doing next. What to do, where to go, who to see. Specifically wondering what was happening on Earth, the mental images scaring him. All the chaos probably going on, all the loss, the confusion, the anger, innocent people dying, everyone losing loved ones without having any idea of what has happened. That's when it hit him-
That isn't to say however that Steve didn't keep his distance after the fact though, once he had time to think about what had happened, he told himself he shouldn't have let himself go and say the things he said. Shouldn't have called Tony 'sweetheart' and told him the things he did, especially in front of Pepper. Steve slowly distanced himself at first, telling himself Tony would still be better off without him. In the end, he knew it had to be true. Tony was married, he had a child who he loved more than anything, he was getting along just fine without him for the past seven years, he figured that's how things should be, despite how he felt.
It was all too much for Tony underneath him though, his lips fell slack and couldn't find the energy through the waves of pleasure to kiss Steve back. He just laid there, his arms around Steve clutching at his shoulders, pupils blown, and staring at the ceiling with an unbeknownst look as to what to do painted across his face. Tony having just enough energy at times to whisper out small pleads to
Any feeling of pain slowly disappearing as he couldn't remember it, couldn't remember anything but how good everything felt, between the feelings of both sexual pleasure and how amazing it was to have this amazing man back. Tony barely even noticed how Steve began to slowly pull out, stopping at the tip, cradling Tony's face though he himself wasn't quite looking at him.
Tony, that damn man, Steve had never wanted to kiss him (let alone, anyone) so breathless, yet scold him for how stupid he is all at once, both of them knowing he didn't mean it, so much. Keeping his distance, even if it was just about ten feet away and from behind a window, was extremely difficult. He's held back for the past five years, and nearly lost him for good. In fact, if it weren't for Steve, Tony would most likely be dead right
done more. He had the chance to defeat Thanos, but he just wasn't enough. And he even got mocked for it.
" Causing Steve to burst out with laughter, giving him a nip under his jaw as if to scold him, he missed his sarcastic, quick witted humor. Tony just let it happen, smiling as his eyes fluttered shut and he felt Steve wiping away the tears that trailed down his cheek, settling in beside him, not bothering just yet to go grab a washcloth or towel,
Tony suddenly panicked and remained silent, having no idea what to say. He called yet for some reason didn't exactly expect an answer, another thing he wasn't quite sure why. Tony started to feel the familiar feeling of blood slowly draining from his face and rushing to his fingertips and beginning to feel as if they were swollen. Instinctively, he took a deep breath and let it out unevenly and started to choke back on a cry he could feel threatening to escape his throat. He forgot for a moment that Steve was even on the other line.
. The phone began to ring for what seemed like
taking Tony like he's asked this whole time. Tony's (now, not-so-quiet) moans turning into high pitched gasps and something in him finally jumped, causing him to spring up, bracing himself on one shoulder, sitting up just a little, the other arm still hooked around Steve's neck pulling Steve in closer so he could bite his neck. Not even necessarily to cause any marks, as they both knew damn well that wouldn't work, more to muffle himself, drawing up his body so tight as he cried and
The noise Tony had made when he felt Steve's notably
had never done that or asked of it. When he thought about it, no one had ever really even treated sex as
I'll never give you any reason to hate me again, I meant what I said, I'll keep you safe, Tony." Steve paused, running his hands through Tony's hair on the back of his head. "You are, the most generous, most loving, most
"Welcome home." Tony whispered, pressing a kiss to Steve's forehead, before finally drifting off to the most comfortable sleep he's even gotten in his life.
He'd remember the nights he'd spend in Steve's room, a room which he practically adopted as his own as well. One of his favorite memories being the time Steve had asked to make love to Tony, and the warm feeling that pitted in his stomach that gave him butterflies following the question. Steve, let alone
"Steve, honey...
He slipped the phone out of his back pocket and opened it, going to the one contact he had saved and just stared at the screen.
Surprising Steve, instead of his words resulting in immediate disagreement, Tony just slowly nodded, taking his words. Steve could tell he didn't believe him, but he also knew he probably never would. Just how he would never forgive himself about what he had said to Tony when he knew so little about him, back just before the battle of New York. Steve moved his hands to Tony's hair, tugging lightly and pulling him closer by his head to meet his lips and share a long, passionate kiss. Tony apologized for reasons totally unknown, but Steve ticked at him between kisses, laying them back down on the bed, covering them up as he snuggled in tight to Tony.
"Tony, if this is what you
talk, for now, you need to get some sleep."
. Jesus Christ, he was so gone. So lost. So in love with this man it physically pained him. "I love you." He says again, because it's all he can fucking think. Over and over and over again, telling Tony how he loved him as the hand he had resting on Tony's ribs smoothed down to his hips, gripping him and fucking him harder, finally,
Are y-?"
the feeling of Steve taking care of him, working him open on the inside, placing kisses to his back and nips on the ear, but he couldn't wait for Steve to get inside of him. To
Steve hated yet appreciated how this was the first time in months Tony had opened up like this to him. Things hadn't been the same since Ultron. And he could tell. Steve wondered to himself if this was the first time Tony spoke to him like this, when he assumed he was asleep. If Tony had complained to him other nights when he crawled in bed and Steve just hadn't woken up to hear it, unlike tonight.
However, the past four weeks or so of working together and being with Tony holds some of his happiest moments he's had in what seems like forever. The little moments they'd have together, just the two of them, the late nights going over timelines and eating their Avengers-inspired Ben & Jerry's ice cream as what was nearly a joke, even the little moments in The Time Heist. Tony asking Steve if he trusted him, Steve assuring him he did. After all of that, something inside Steve snapped as he watched Tony nearing his death after defeating Thanos himself. Something about seeing Tony accepting his death caused a chain reaction inside of him that made him let go and frantically doing anything to keep Tony alive.
Tony sighed, knowing Steve, he should've known this wouldn't be easy. Convincing Steve that he was what he truly wanted.
"I've never been more sure about anything, Steve. And I know you feel the same. I just- I can't lose you again. I finally have you, for real. I don't want this to go away. Please believe me.
The faint sound of a door creaking open had awoken Steve. He knew it was him again, but he also didn't want to place the unnecessary guilt of Tony waking him up on him. Steve just laid there, completely the same as he was as he kept one eye partly squinted open, watching Tony walk into the bathroom, carefully shutting the door behind him. Steve exhaled, shifting a little on the bed. He heard the water from the shower running in the bathroom, he quickly propped himself up on one elbow and turned to look at the alarm clock on the nightstand. It was currently 3:43am. Sadly, this wasn't the latest Tony had ever come to bed...when he did come to bed that is. Steve knew it was worsening by the day. And it hurt him knowing how he didn't wake up to Tony beside him that much anymore. After Ultron, how his self-hatred only grew, something he wasn't telling Steve was bothering him more and more every day.
"You okay, honey?" Steve asked, reaching a hand up to play with Tony's hair. Tony snuggled his cheek into the palm of Steve's hand, nodding. "What is it? I know you wanna say something." Tony sighed, looking up to Steve with his big brown eyes and grinning. He hooked his fingers into the hem of Steve's pants, the last article of clothing that remained on his body at this point. He shook his head anyway, the look of "nevermind, it's stupid" expressed across his face, the half-smile giving it away overall. Steve pressed a soft kiss against his lips, coming back up to ask again what was on his mind. The question he found himself asking Tony the most, even if it was practically internal every time. Tony licked his lips, swallowing before he began to part his lips to open his mouth and ask Steve the question hasn't in years.
By the time she gets back out, Steve and Tony are still going at it. She keeps her eyes away from them, instead heading back to Peter as quickly as she could.
So this came out in between *cough* studying *cough*. I'm sorry if it feels a bit rushed, my mind is wandering off all the time, it's weird!
“We couldn't do anything, it just happened all around us. And I could only hold you in my arms, you were so scared. Something snapped inside of me, Peter. Something snapped inside Steve, too. We were trying to hold on to you, but we just couldn't. When all else seemed lost, we had to take some serious risks to get us back to where you were still alive.”
“Hey asshole!” he hears somewhere in the back. Peter’s vision is still too dark to see anything, but he would recognize that voice everywhere! He rubs at his eyes, noticing that he’s lost the mask somewhere in the process. Shit, he needs to find it again! Meanwhile, there’s the sound of fighting in the background. A small explosion, somebody crashing against something.
“I’m sorry I’m putting you through all of this,” Tony starts. “You wanted a father but what you got is an entire Grey’s Anatomy-episode with all the drama of the past few seasons put together.”
“Don’t! He’s just absorbed all that heat. You don’t want to touch him right now,” he warns him, his mask off. Everybody gets back in the building carefully. Peter gives MJ a look, reaching out his hand for her to take. When she does, she squeezes his in affirmation. She’s fine, she’s not worried.
“No, you don’t,” he counters, knowing Steve better than that. And then, Steve has the nerves to actually
“Tony.”
“Cem,” she interrupted him, remembering bits and pieces of the story. Cem, her dad, had been a big, muscular man with a grey beard, long, grey hair that was almost always braided and happy wrinkles of laughter under his eyes. His grey hair fitted with his blue eyes, blue because of being able to steer water, like a piece of art.
“So, you baked in your own flu-germs for a few days, sounds like fun!” Peter grinned after they ordered their drinks. Yaël felt her heart sink, she couldn’t lie to him, right?
“Put it on,” Happy tells him, annoyed that it’s taking so long.
“Well, who do we have here?” King Eerikki grinned foully. “The girl with the ochre eyes…What a surprise you’re still alive after all this time, Yaël.” Memory-Yaël wisely kept her mouth shut, but it was Lopt who took a step forward.
Like this, he could easily jump down until he was on Mr. Stark’s floor. Of course, he knows he’s not going to. Instead, he sits down on the edge, swinging his feet down and lying back down on the ground. His eyes are open, looking at the clouds painting the sky. His heart is still beating too fast, and he knows his hands are still shaking.
May is next to Peter. Her hand is holding his, but she’s since long stopped trying to talk to him. It’s not that Peter doesn’t want to, but it’s more that it’s extremely hard to start a conversation without wanting to blame the entire world for everything. So he stays quiet, in turn making May continue her book at last. Peter can just remember her reaction when she heard they were going to New Asgard. She’d been excited, but at the same time worried about Peter’s health.
“That’s great news, Steve!” she cackled into his ear. Without thinking about it, Steve pulled up her legs and held them so his throat got more space to make sure she wasn’t strangling him anymore.
“I mean, not that I’ve been stalking after you or something, of course. I’ve just been very observant, especially after that weird stunt you pulled with almost breaking that intern’s arm?”
“It’s MJ,” she says with a wink, handing another bowl to an elder woman. “Careful, it’s hot.”
It feels like the choice is eating him from the inside. He loves to create things and he’s savvy with most of the tech he’s coming across with, but on the other hand he just wonders if he would be following that program because he
Besides, Peter’s got his own little team right here. It’s not an official thing, and by far are there any certain members. But with Harry having picked up the glider again, and Johnny having moved back in, they’ve found themselves patrolling more often lately. Johnny doesn’t go to parties as much, doesn’t bring back countless women like he used to. Harry isn’t held back by his past and has finally decided to do something with the power he’s given himself.
“What, no greeting for the middle-child?” Peter mutters out when Tony finds himself speechless. Unable to get to an answer, Tony is frozen in place, with a kid still hugging him and two teenagers giving him a murderous look.
Besides, while the Goblin might have dropped her, her death isn’t entirely on him to blame.
Without looking at who’s calling him, Peter picks up the phone and presses it against his ear.
“I’m not a hero, Peter. I work in gardens and play cello on the streets.”
“Blood would be the most convenient, but I suppose hair would do as well,” Mrs. Cho explains. Of course, I would rather have your father consenting to this, as well, though I suppose you’re wanting to keep this quiet, if I’m correct?”
“How’s my liver?” Steve asks against his skin. Tony snorts, passing a hand through Steve’s hair and massaging his scalp.
As he tries to breathe, he realizes that there’s something stuck in his throat. Immediately, he reacts. He tries to lift up his arms, reach for the thing that’s been jammed inside, but his arms don’t move. His muscles hurt to much when he tries. In that realization, Otto’s heart starts racing.
Natasha laughs.
The moment he’s surrounded by his suit, Tony flies. He knows where to go even before FRIDAY can say it. But that’s the thing, right? Because FRIDAY
“Sick love, yo,” Yaël answered dryly. It didn’t happen a lot, but sometimes the teenagers got into each other’s hairs and dealing with angry, moody, hormonal, teenage mutants wasn’t always that easy. Most of the time it was X who calmed them down, sometimes by forcing their brains of course.
“Petey’s gonna get some!” Harry shouts! Peter rolls his eyes.
This is awkward.
He goes on and on, talking about how much he wants nothing more than to be with Steve again, but how he feels like he doesn’t deserve it, anymore. The tears don’t roll out of his eyes over his cheeks, but it’s a close call. Tony, after he finishes, takes his cup of coffee and lifts it up to his mouth.
It hurts less than before, he has the limited serum inside of him to thank for that. But his healing abilities aren’t comparable to Steve’s at all. It goes slightly faster than a normal human’s would, but in Tony’s opinion he still heals slowly.
“Well, you don’t like it either!” Tony counters. Steve rolls his eyes.
- Violence & mentions of blood
“Alright, I’ll see you after school, Dad,” Peter says.
is the proof Peter Parker has an awesome Dad.
She wipes away the tears from her cheek before clearing her throat. Then she gets on her feet with the vials of blood in her hands. Nearing the holder of Richard’s samples, she makes to exchange them with quiet movements. Tony just watches from where he’s seated, figuring that this makes the job done, then. He should be safe to head on home, now.
“Listen, kid, what’s your goal here, exactly?”
“What’s wrong, Peter?” she asks in a worry. Of course, she’s always the first one to come at his side whenever something even seems to be going wrong. She might like his company a bit
Tony nods. He takes May’s hand into his own and squeezes it gently before pulling away.
Peter’s mouth falls open in surprise. Another party? Is that really such a good idea? He knows last party was a disaster because he couldn’t keep away from the drinks and that’s easily avoided next time, but on the other hand he’s a bit scared he’s going to make another fool of himself.
." The ‘fighting’ they’ve done could be closer to sparring, a normal training-session between the Avengers. Peter knows it was never Steve’s intention to have him smash his face against the pillar. The man even ran up to him to check if he was alright, feeling so guilty.
The bell rang sharply as soon as Yaël pushed its button. Oh, this was so weird. She felt like a kid going on a playdate without being invited. Who knows, maybe Peter felt too bad to hang with her.
“Last time I tried this, it was only a few minutes,” Strange admits. “I can’t take us all to where the Asgardians find Thanos in space. That’s too far. But I can go a few days. Enough for us to face him before he gets to the Aether and the Orb.”
And with that, Norman finally heads out. Though, in his way out, he manages to glance upwards to where Tony had been, but he’d been smart enough to move the moment Norman mentioned leaving. All the guy sees is an empty ceiling, so he walks out the door without any other question asked.
! Peter thinks to himself, slapping his skull a couple of times. He’s never really been a person who expresses a lot of sexual interest. So far it’s always been limited to Gwen, and even with MJ he’s never particularly thought about her in that way. Sure, the medication he used to take could give him some… urges… but they always stood separate from attraction. If he would have been drunk, he would have done it with
“You know, I tried to stop you, but you wouldn’t listen,” Michelle mutters with a grin. Peter shakes his head and turns away from this evil girl. “I suppose it’s good everybody was too surprised about your act that nobody filmed that little outburst that purple-haired girl had towards you. I think that was even better.”
“No I don’t want you to go. Going back to New York the first time was dangerous enough. Now you want to go again? You
“Sorry, I forgot to hold back for a second.”
But there aren’t any reports on Strange as a sorcerer. According to the internet, his accident hasn’t happened yet. He’s still a surgeon in the hospital. Has no knowledge of the multiverses and whatever else. Tony’s pretty much stuck…
“May gave it to me before I got into the car,” he says. Peter rolls his eyes again and points on the bed. Then he opens his first box and starts unpacking his clothes. Looking into his closet, he finds that he still has a lot of space left in there. He should probably buy some more stuff one day.
“Oh please don’t tell me it’s-“ Tony starts.
Okay so nobody's alright in this story. That's about the best summary I can give it!
Steve sits up, rubbing his eyes and wondering what Peter is on about.
“I’m not, Tony. Honey, stop talking for a moment,” Steve calls out, grabbing his hands while crawling forward for a bit.
haven’t caught, by the way – or taken by the aliens. Somehow, it’s those dreams that scare him the most.
“How can you even ask that?” Steve asks, voice breaking a bit.
for the way his father treated him.”
“There’s a mission?” Tony asks without bothering to try and be polite. Steve looks down at his wardrobe before shrugging.
Peter scowls at the screen, his heart racing on maximum speed or so. His hands are balled into tight fists. Every inch of his body is begging him to go to sleep, but his brain is going on overdrive. No way, this can’t happen. Venom can’t do this.
“Then I might as well speak the heathen language of this doomed planet,” Nilla answered with a thick accent, refusing to speak the dialect queen Völuspá disapproved. Yaël didn’t even bother to explain that English wasn’t the only language spoken on earth. The girl came from a planet as big as Belgium and three quarters of it were only lakes and woods.
. Tony leaned the bottom of his chin on to the top of Steve's head, running his hands all over, eventually settling on holding Steve's neck as his head fell to rest on Steve's shoulder instead. "You know you're all I could think about all that time I was trapped in space?" Tony asked playfully, feeling Steve smiling against his neck. "That whole time. I was so angry with you, not really knowing I was angry with myself. I had that phone, sure, things went south sooner than expected, but I was about to call you, all of this could've been avoided-"
. The memory of what happened still haunting him; feeling as if his desperate attempt to keep him alive was just a long shot, telling himself he knew pulling Tony's suit off of him wouldn't do anything; yet somehow, miraculously, it worked.
how Tony needs to know who was left, who he needed to make it back to, who he was lucky enough to still have. That's all he could possibly care about at the moment. He couldn't possibly think of anything else but who he had left. About Steve. About Bruce, one of his best friends he just learned was still alive. About Rhodey. About Pepper.
"Tony? Are you okay?"
tight, and of course naturally the man had to be so impatient though he knew better. Steve was naturally scared he would hurt him, no matter how many times Tony had assured him he was alright.
Now, here Tony sits on an abandoned planet with no one except a practical stranger. Left with nothing but the guilt feeling, blaming himself because he feels as though he should've done more,
He was going to make it back. Back to everyone. Back to Steve.
Tony groaned, pulling back from Steve and adjusting himself underneath, placing his hands on the taller man's chest. Steve could tell by the look on his face he was eager to say something, but didn't know if he could get the words out.
Did he get
Can't believe you're mine." Tony moaned into Steve's mouth when he came back up. Steve lifted his head up, pulling away, leaning up on his knees and crawling away from Tony to try and make it to the nightstand drawer, grab the bottle of lube, and get back to him as soon as he could.
Despite trying his best to pretend he's moved on and despite the letter from Steve apologizing for everything on his part, including an extensive apology on his biggest mistake; not telling Tony the truth about his parents and having Tony find out the hard way. And of course, Steve just
noise above him, not slowing down at all as he adjusted his position, propping himself up on his elbows to have a good look at Tony as he thrust into him, wanting to look at the sight underneath him when he told him how much he loved him, hand wrapped about that perfect little cock of his.
he groaned, letting himself fall onto Tony, pressing their chests together, hips still raised a little with where his hand was, still fucking Tony's cock beneath them. His lips moved down from Tony's, beginning to kiss him anywhere and everywhere. Absolutely
what you really want- I promise, I'll be good. I
right in his ear, giving him soft kisses around his ear. Whispering, Steve had found, was a thing for Tony. Actually, Steve had discovered
. Tony choked a little, between swallowing moans and trying to speak, eventually getting out a sentence.
The Avengers from tearing apart. Admittedly that meant doing things he hated and making terrible impulse decisions, but he tried. He knows now it wasn't the best he could've done, but he did the things he did and he hated himself for it. There was no going back now, and how he wishes there was. He got so caught up in everything that was moving too fast, too chaotic, too quickly. It all started with the burdened guilt of coming to know a certain victim of the attack on Sokovia, then of course the accords happened, then the bombing of the UN which drew Steve back to Barnes and things only spiraled down from there- God, it was all just
"Tony, honey. You know I love you, right?" he asked, not fully thinking through the question, because he should've seen Tony's follow up question with a sigh coming just seconds later.
to any god listening  that maybe somehow all of this would just be a terrible dream, that this just could
, he missed this. He missed
, but in reality was only fifteen seconds. Just as he figured the line would ring out, he heard the phone pick up. At first, it was just dead air, then slight crackling before he heard small breathing. To Tony, he knew this wasn't just
he truly wanted. Tony intertwined his fingers with Steve's, burying his head in Steve's chest. Steve knew he couldn't stop him, he just let him, staring upward wondering what he had gotten himself into.
things in their years together. Whispering, praise, dirty talk (or whenever Steve had cursed in general), and though there were some that definitely went deeper than that, Steve knew these were his biggest things. And for some odd reason he couldn't quite pin, he couldn't help but find it absolutely adorable.
Tony. And I'll remind you every day until you believe it. You were willing to risk your life to save everyone else's. You're a real hero, Shellhead. The absolute
. I need
in between moans and brief participation of attempted kisses along Steve's neck in return. He had never looked more beautiful and natural, Steve had thought to himself. He couldn't remember ever feeling to close to heaven, not even in the sense of passion, no, it was barely even about that anymore. It was about how he knew somewhere in the back of his mind that this is where they could start over, they could forget the past, forget everything and the world if they truly desired. Everything could start now. In this bed, in this room, in this
"Of course, Tony. Of course, baby. Anything you want, anything you need. I'm here." Steve smiled above him, removing his own pants, kicking them onto the ground and leaning down to capture Tony against his lips again. Trailing down to the area between his neck and shoulder again, he began suckling on the spots he knew Tony loved. Right below the jaw, right where his pulse was, his collarbone, anywhere and
"Steve, please...your fingers, I need more, just, God,
, Tony. I promise you I'll give you mine, whatever you want."
That alone made Tony's heart skip a few beats as he felt tears involuntarily beginning to run down his cheeks, along with more sobs being choked out. Steve knew this sound, and it worried him. For three years, he encountered this noise on many instances where Tony woke up crying and shaking in a cold sweat. Steve was
into Steve's neck, still giving him soft gasps and words of encouragement to keep going.
"I missed you, Tony." he whispered, so quietly Tony could have just barely heard it. "I missed you,
His back arched, covering Steve's hand in his own spend, clenching around Steve's cock so hard it was enough to send himself off, dropping to his shoulders around Tony's head, giving the few final thrusts before he was gone. Following not too far behind, Steve raised his hips, shooting his come down and into Tony, the brunette groaning underneath him, still coming in Steve's hand.
be happening. He remembers the look of pure
"Tony," Steve whispers against his lips, connecting them again, then again-
Steve could've sworn his heart stopped beating. Sure, this whole thing of Tony withering underneath him begging to be fucked was nothing
Oh, Jesus, I'm sorry...I'm so
did that. You saved
"God, Tony. You're so beautiful, honey. So,
"But I do. I really mean it, Rogers, I love you. I never stopped, I was wrong for pushing you away-"
Steve, was gone. And he was most likely never coming back.
"Easy, honey. Easy there..." Steve exhaled, breathing against Tony's neck as he slid back into Tony again slowly, filling him right up, kissing him again, letting out tasteful moans and low noises that Tony could've swore he's never heard before. Tony nearly screamed when Steve accidentally jerked up his hips a little too soon, so close and deep inside him he could feel his pubic bone pressed against his perineum. Steve began crying at how good Tony felt around him, couldn't get it out of his head that this was real and Tony was choosing him. He pulled back before beginning to slowly rocking back and forth inside of him.
he wasn't ready.
Actually, for Tony to blame this all on himself is unfair. But of course, he'll never realize that.
"Can't you feel that, honey? You're so tight around me, two's enough for now and you know it. We gotta work you a little more loose so I can get inside you. That's what you want, right?" Tony whined, eager and arching his back a little more, but he couldn't complain. He knew Steve was right, and he was mentally cursing himself for not prepping earlier. Don't get him wrong of course, though. He
And Tony, well, Tony could barely even think. His mind becoming a blank space that knew nothing but pleasure, burning ache, and
, never fuckin' letting you go again. Not after
Steve helped support Tony leaning back and rubbing him against  his fingers in attempt of calming him down so he became less tense, smiling against his full lips, turning his head to kiss his cheek instead, looking down beneath them to guide his cock to the rim of Tony's hole, briefly looking back up at Tony and gave him a questioning nod. Tony wrapped his arms around Steve's neck before nodding his head furiously, already a moaning mess, not needing to say a word to give Steve orders to
" Tony felt himself on the verge of tears. "Then, what happened, when-when you saved me, s-something inside me kicked some sense into my self. That was the day I knew I never wanted to lose you. That I couldn't lose you, not again. Not after everything we've been through.
Steve gives him a strange look as he speaks, and Peter feels his face redden. He only wished he’d figure it out before Steve got there. Now the man might ask questions as to how Peter even knows this code.
“Hey, stop that!” he complains. Tony winks at him before looking back up.
He shouldn’t have been surprised when it appeared Felicia is a person who keeps true to her word. At the shelter, where Peter told her he would be, the brown-haired girl suddenly shows up, followed by a  horrible-looking, clearly hung-over Johnny Storm.
“That needs to stay in,” Cap says, and Tony grunts in annoyance, throwing his head back and breathing out heavily. Then he makes another attempt at opening his eyes, blinking more often than not as he tries to adjust to the light around him. The first thing he sees is Steve sitting in a chair next to him.
“It does seem like the serum has… merged a little bit with your DNA. With your blood passing through the liver to be cleaned, it’s basically spreading the small amount of serum you’ve got over all of your body.”
“Uhm,” Peter’s cheeks reddened, like he felt busted “Yeah, but…that’s a no, I guess?”
“Okay, tell Strange to get us,” Steve says. There’s an affirming voice on the other side of Steve’s commlink, and then a round portal appears before them. “We must be quick before anybody follows us.”
“Yeah, wait, I’ll fix that,” she said and as she checked herself for injuries, the water ran back out of Peter’s clothes and hair. The stream ran out of the room as Yaël mentally steered it to the sink in the kitchen. Well, maybe she should start training again, since she just almost drowned Peter in his sleep.
Peter nods hesitantly. “Kind of? I mean, we’re not really together, but… almost? I don’t know, it’s a bit weird.”
“No reason, just… wanted to make sure you two are okay,” he says like it’s not that much of a big deal. He figures he’s wrong when Tony sighs sadly and turns off the screen of the tablet.
Casting one last look at Ned, who is standing in front of the window, looking around and seeming just out of place like Peter had been feeling, he decides this thing has a priority now. So he shrugs off his clothes, fishes out the mask from his pocket, and stretches his arms a bit.
“Before I, uh… when I still worked with Ross and Betty I, uh… I lashed out. Betty got hurt in the process, and I would have thought she would never want to see me again after that. Yet, when we came across each other again, she took me back in, looked out for me. Despite the horrible things I’ve done for her, she still loved me, and I still loved her.”
And if the car hadn’t been standing still back then, he would have stopped it at that sudden thought. He looks ‘happy’, so Steve says. But, when he thinks of it, he’d
Peter isn’t looking at him. Mask off, Tony can see the shame.
“recuit-“
But as soon as she could fully see the woman, she froze.
“Oh my God, aren’t they adorable?!” she asks, shaking LL in excitement. LL just rolls his eyes but then turns towards Steve and Peter.
“That’s understandable,” Steve tells him. Then, at last, there’s a sudden hand touching Tony’s shoulder. Without thinking of it, Tony leans a bit to the side, dropping his head back until it’s resting against Steve’s chest. The man, in return, lowers his hand until it’s on the small of Tony’s back.
“FRIDAY, I know you have to listen to Mr. Stark here, but you asked me for help; you could help me out a bit in return, you know?”
“Yes,” Scott sighed. “You stop to teach your classes, eat an apple, drink some water and then you always immediately come back to the gymnasium to train some more.” The fact that he was right, was annoying her.
“What the shit?”
Peter is put in front of a mystery. He’s asked Ned, Harry, even MJ. None of them came up with a good response. A Spa day? A new tie? A goddamn watch? No way, that’s just lame, after all!
Crap, he’s looking at her breasts again.
After that, their clothes are quickly removed. In just a matter of seconds, the two of them are lying down on the bed. Steve, on his back, keeps his hands on Tony’s face, while Tony, who’s leaning over Steve, travels his fingers over his sides.
Yaël thought she saw something move to her left this time. She immediately knew who it was: the read-haired woman. She had seen her in the memory of Steve she had during the session with X. The professor also had shown Yaël a picture of the redhead. The woman looked at her nails for a moment and then crossed her arms. She shone out arrogance, but it made her look kind of badass.
“C’mon man, there was this really hot chick there, and we were just about to-“
“NOBODY’S GETTING MARRIED! LET ME GET READY DAMN IT!” Steve shouts, hurrying towards bathroom with their bedsheet wrapped all around him. Tony just smirks, finding an angry Steve all too adorable.
“Make the jets ready for turbo!” After hearing that, Yaël looked around to find something to hold on to. She jumped toward a handrail, but was just too late. Her fingers stroked the rail right when the ship vibrated and flew forward with a speed that threw Yaël back and got her smacking against a steel pole.
“Peter,” Mr. Stark says once more, a little louder.
Miles startles when his phone goes off. He takes it out of his pocket to check who it is, only to see that it’s Uncle Aaron. He smiles, picking up without a second thought.
Steve gives the thing a short look before turning to Tony with an eyebrow raised. Then he shakes his head.
And if that doesn’t make alarm-bells ring inside his mind, nothing else would. It’s like there’s a large ERROR-sign in front of his eyes, on all his thoughts. This can’t be, this can’t happen.
“It’s what you always do, Tony!” Steve calls out a bit louder than intended. He notices a few people looking at him. “Uh, sorry.”
He’s actually feeling excited right now; knowing all of the answers. Everybody is on a roll – except for Flash, who isn’t really all that great at all. Ned is somewhere in the back with the excuse to be reading a very fascinating book. In fact, he’s just making sure that the guys they’ve been tracking haven’t just started moving again.
But, why does he keep on doing what Steve would want? He didn’t care enough about
It looks almost exactly the same as when he left it; the daylight shines through the windows, making the room bright even on a rainy day. Only during the evening did Steve ever turn on the lights. The desk is clean, neat. Steve always liked to keep it that way, being pretty much the exact opposite of Tony on that front. When Peter sits down on the black desk chair, he comes across the transparent computer screen. He knows how to turn it on, so he leans forward to do so.
“No way, I got mine before you?” Peter asks in confusion. That earns him a glare from the girl and another chuckle coming from Steve.
“You should have seen my drunken dances,” Tony tells him. “Rhodey once told me I was worthy of being a stripper.”
inside of him. He just doesn’t think he deserves it. That’s why he wants it out.”
“Dude, are you Norwegian yourself or are you an alien too?” Yaël asked with a wide grin.
Steve shakes his head. Tony can feel it above his. “It’s never ridiculous,” Steve assures him, kissing him on the head slightly.
Peter looks back at the guy he’s come close to call Uncle Bruce. Giving him a sad look, he puts a hand on the guy’s shoulder.
“Oh, no they aren’t. I realize that more and more now. But I’m still behind them,” Tony responds.
“Yeah?” he asks.
“Cab-drivers are crazy, these days,” is all Peter says. Mr. Stark just gives him a long look before sighing and nodding back towards the elevator. Peter nods as well, straightening his shirt a bit and throwing Lincoln a nervous glance. The guy holds his thumbs up.
If I’m right, you have been seeing this man. The professor pointed at one of the pictures, next to one of a red-haired woman, of a blonde, tall, muscular man, wearing a baseball cap. Yaël recognized him immediately. Right, as I thought. This man is Steve Rogers, you used to be very close friends. You mean a lot to him.
“I want a coke!” Peter adds in. Tony holds his thumb up before walking towards the table where the drinks are served. When he sees Otto starting a conversation with Peter, he feels that usual paternal pride he always has around his son.
“He asked.”
Tony chuckles, and Steve scratches his head awkwardly.
“I’m in the living room. Come on, the news is on!”
There’s some mild distraction when working with Tony. Aside the constant questioning on who is going to get this suit and when they’re going to put everything together into one thing, the two get quite a lot of things ready until Tony even announces that it’s about it. He’s got nothing else planned to be added to it.
“Sure, I’m fine,” Tony lies. He doesn’t even know why. “No, that’s not true. I’m feeling like shit.” Tony starts laughing before passing his hand over his face.
“Uh, honey, we haven’t been dancing for a while now… I’m pretty sure I’ll be stepping on your toes…”
“Ladies and gentlemen, we’re going to start the ceremony,” Loki then suddenly says, facing the audience and slightly bowing at them. People start shutting up, the ones who were standing are now starting to sit down.
Pepper had left the tower after that, going back to the newly-rebuilt Mansion in Malibu. Happy stayed with her, per Tony’s request partly, but also because he’s now Pepper’s head of security.
“Is there any history of depression in your family?” Mr. Stark suddenly asks. Peter thinks for a while, thinking back of what Mr. Stark just said a few minutes ago. Then he nods. Of course, the man wouldn’t know it’s
“No, no, no, no, absolutely not!” Peter calls out, waving his hands together in another no-signal. “How did you even figure that out?”
“You look troubled, Anthony,” T’Challa suddenly says, getting the attention of Nakia and Okoye as well. The latter is just standing by the large windows of the balcony, looking outside as if she’s expecting trouble even from this high. Knowing their luck, she could be right.
“Lots and lots of food, but the only think I’m craving is a certain kind of super spider,” Harry mutters at him, chuckling crazily afterwards. Peter takes a step back away from him again, figuring it’s best to keep his distance.
On the other hand, she also hopes they haven’t yet dropped the case, because this plan could just be hilarious.
“That’s all I wanted to hear, my dear.”
“Who’s that?” Peter asks his Dad in a whisper. He’s surprised to see Tony smile at him.
It’s when he jumps out of the shower that he takes a good look at his reflection. Much to his surprise, he finds his whole chest covered in bruises, as well as his legs. What the hell happened? Peter certainly didn’t go to sleep like this, that’s for sure!
“But he’s just a kid,” Tony repeats, though his voice sounds less sure.
“Uh, Steve?” Peter then asks. Steve does startle then, turning his head around in such a quick movement Peter would have thought his neck to be broken. “Are you alright?”
“Karen, I’m wondering; what are you doing when I’m not wearing the mask? Are you put on sleep mode or are you just waiting for me to arrive?” he asks as he steps towards the door that leads to the balcony. Before he gets out, though, he hurries back to his bag to take out his badge. That way he won’t have to do the embarrassing speech again to be allowed in afterwards.
Wait, that’s FRIDAY, isn’t it? Tony opens his eyes, suddenly sitting up in bed. He’s aware that he’s startling both Clint and Natasha who hadn’t even noticed he’s awake.
Peter doesn’t listen to what Mr. Stark is saying to the person on the other line. All he can see is Flash. While the guy is usually being all tough and ‘Mr. Strong’, right now he looks vulnerable, actually
When Happy asked him where he could drop him off, Peter had just said something in the line of ‘
“Oh, right, you two are good friends,” Peter reminded himself.
thing is refused, we won’t sign.”
, now they’re going to think he just bailed. That’s going to be another blow on his points…
“FRI, can you scan me up and show me where I need to inject?” Tony asks.
“Alright, let’s go. Steve, you’re staying over tonight?” she asks. Steve hesitates.
The picture is in black and white, but he can just easily imagine the bright purple color of her hair. Though, due to a long time away it seems like the brown is already coming back. She looks like she’s been into battle, wearing a suit that makes her look ready for the arena. Tony takes a deep breath, remembering what it is she could do.
To describe the building is a difficult task. From the outside, it looks like an old, red building, seemingly an apartment-block that doesn’t ask for too much rent. The main floor must be Otto’s living quarters, Tony’s not too sure. It’s the first floor where they’re supposed to be. It’s like a gigantic studio, its walls covered in nothing but windows, and from the ceiling hanging over twenty lights. The table with the drinks and foods is on some sort of stage. A couple of people are already standing there.
“I didn’t know you were bringing in another one of your strays…” he said reproachfully.
“I’m going to find you a girlfriend,” she had responded, and Steve couldn’t help it; he started laughing. So hard, in fact, that he had to put pressure on his stomach as it was hurting from all the laughing. There were tears in his eyes, and his face was aching from the constant smile that his lips were forming.
“But isn’t it kind of coincidental? I mean, I suddenly appear after they announce that Tony has a kid?”
strong. It feels like an entire building has been dropped on him. Granted, there has been, but that’s not really what matters now.
Instructing FRIDAY to get him to Siberia, Tony Stark flies himself over the ocean, knowing extremely well that, if he’s discovered, he might end up with his former teammates in one of these cells.
As for the crime-fighting… Peter’s still no Avenger. He doesn’t want to be, either. It’s his Dad’s team, Steve’s team. Peter’s perfectly fine doing the smaller things, staying in New York where the others leave for foreign countries and help out there.
The days that Peter is there, the two Avengers decided not to look after Tony anymore; not because they think Peter can do the job for them, but mostly because it’s just the two of them, and they would like to enjoy some parts of their day without babysitting Tony, which the man obviously understands.
I had this chapter written the moment after I posted the previous one, but I kind of forgot about the fact that I didn't add this one to it immediately.
didn’t make your homework tonight at detention.”
“I couldn’t save her,” he mutters quietly. Then he looks up again, finding Hawkeye looking serious at him. He doesn’t say anything more, which is fine by Peter. He should better just go. Besides, he’s already at Oscorp, he might as well just come and pick up the things that woman called about. What was her name again?
Still, after ten minutes his mind wanders again and he’s doodling either way. This time, it’s for the robot he’d been designing many months back. After all that crap, he’s never gotten around to finish it, which is too bad, really. Peter should resume his work on it when he gets home this evening.
- nothing more really
Meanwhile, in the background, they can hear Steve protest on everything that just happened.
any money, I can know for sure somebody’ll like me just for me.”
“Will do. Don’t forget that you have to be somewhere in an hour!”
And Peter cries, grabbing on to his father with such a force he’s surprised Tony’s still breathing. Holding on to the hug, Peter looks up at Yaël and mouths a small ‘thank you’ to her. All she does is shrug and move away from them, probably to hide herself in her bedroom.
“Yeah, man,” he returns before leaning back against the wall. Miles lets out a shaky breath while he tries to figure out what he should do. “Just needed a few minutes.”
“Hey hot-shot,” the girl – what was her name? Reesa? Reanna? Peter doesn’t know – tells him, keeping her face awfully close to Peter’s, teasing to kiss but never really doing it. Her hand comes to rest on the pink scar on Peter’s abdomen, but she doesn’t ask any questions. “I found this awesome stuff in here, but it’s a bit too big for me.”
“Don’t you have a weapon or anything I could use?” she asks. Peter shakes his head.
So Tony starts explaining Steve why he did what he did, and Steve keeps on asking him question after question. It’s obvious that the two of them haven’t really spoken in quite a long time. When they’ve taken enough distance, and he’s standing right next to Gwen, she bumps against him.
“We sure did,” Steve returns. “Thank you for letting her stay the week-end, son.”
A few seconds in Peter’s head. That’s all it takes before he leans over Tony’s sleeping form and grabs for the phone. The battery is halfway drained, so Peter has enough to use it. He doesn’t think, he just presses the right combination of buttons, and then he puts the device to his ear.
“But why to Helvegen?”
“That, and I tended your wounds today, those that you named as something that makes you
Tony shakes his head. Suddenly, Steve and Peter are gone. So are the stars. What’s going on? He tries to feel around but there’s something holding his hands. He tries to shuffle a bit; realizing he’s lying down in a bed? What is going on?
“Yeah, your cousin. Which is why I need to know what you’re currently playing at, here?”
There’s no immediate answer coming from Aunt May. If she would have been a computer, Peter’s sure she would have just crashed from overload of input coming in. Somehow while he had been talking Peter managed to push the folders of both the subjects into Aunt May’s hands, but now afterwards he can’t really remember when he did that.
Peter rolls his eyes, crumbles the paper again and then throws it into the bin with precision. Nobody but Flash saw that happening, and the guy isn’t going to say anything about it at all, not wanting people to think that Peter can actually
One look at the place, and Peter realizes he’s clearly somewhere he shouldn’t be.
“No, I mean, I understand. I just…” Steve hesitates, reaching up to scratch the back of his neck, seeming even more nervous than before. “I don’t really…
Even now, he can only give her a light smile before heading out of the gym the moment the bell rings. Rolling his eyes towards Ned, he decides it’s best not to cause too much of a scene right here. It’s not like many of the students
“Uh, no-one is in danger,” Peter responds, a bit out of it because of the weird greeting. “I just- I got detention because I forgot my homework on my desk, so I’ll be an hour late today.”
Peter left after the movie, and Yaël didn’t really feel like being a third wheel to Wanda and Vision, so she stood up too. Before she closed the door behind her, Wanda threw her a concerned look, but Yaël ignored it. She didn’t feel like going back to her bedroom, so instead, she went to the roof. She needed some air. It saddened her, but she knew that if she’d stay inside that building for much longer, she’d set it on fire or hurt someone with her bitter words.
“If I’m there I’m not doing all I can to make sure my son stays alive,” Tony returns, going through the diary in a speed tempo but realizing it’s one from when she still worked at Stark Industries. It’s useless, so he throws it on the table and reaches down to get the next one.
“Don’t bring up the swear jar or I swear I’ll jam that stupid thing over your head,” Tony mumbles, causing for Peter to laugh. “Besides, who the fuck-“
Surprise! Two chapters again. I'm in a good mood. Probably because I've just started writing chapter 33 and it's feels again all the way. I shoul start rounding it up.
“So he’s freaking out about something again,” Peter states lowly. He wonders when his dad will finally understand that he’s not some hopeless little boy. Ever since the fight against Thanos, he’s been this way and it’s driving Peter nuts! Before that, he could at least go on patrol without having to call the guy when he starts and when he finishes.
- panic attacks
“Not the whole cosmos is Valhalla- I mean, yeah, sure,” he adjusted himself a bit dryly after seeing Raido, a massive warrior, raising his eyebrow.
Tony blinks a few times, unable to come back with
Then Tony heads out again, not able to stay here for much longer. He makes his way back to the front door, but right when he wants to open it again, Natasha stops him by putting a hand on his arm.
The light isn’t burning.
Out of the blue, clouds gathered and thunder rumbled through the sky. With that, an enormous bolt of lightning struck into the castle. Yaël even had to hold her had above her eyes, covering them from the light to see what was happening.
“You one of those one-night-stand-girls, then? No strings attached?”
“He’s only in need of two more stones,” Thor says, left eye glowing blue, but fainter than before. He’s breathless, his power waning. There’s blood splattered all over his face. Tony is aware he’s grieving for his fellow Asgardians that have fought along with them.
There’s the exact same computer there, along with a wireless phone. The desk is in the middle of the room, which is illuminated by the natural light of the day. The blinds are open, and the curtains pulled to the side. On the desk, there are some folders that read ‘Avenger Initiative’. Peter decides not to be nosy and doesn’t look into them.
So after spending the morning at the school, the afternoon in his happy place in bed with a very handsome Captain as his companion, he’s ready to begin his evening making sure that Peter’s bedroom doesn’t look too much like nobody has been sleeping there for the past few months.
So once he’s home, he greets his aunt, helps her out for dinner, and after eating he heads to his room to finish his homework and then game a bit with Ned, who has quickly become a good friend to him. Probably even the only one he has at school.
“So, Mr. Stark, are you going to have the crash-site analyzed?” Harry asks while he takes a knife in his hands to prepare his breakfast. Tony takes place next to Steve, putting a comforting hand on his back.
So Tony lets out a relieving breath, grabs his own box and marches up to the couch. When he nears them, he looks down at the two.
“Say, Rhodey, why do I even have to be there? Nobody knows who I am?” Peter asks when he’s sure Rhodey’s in the bathroom to put down the clothes. He knows there’s going to be reporters, people will take pictures. It will be kind of obvious when a random kid will just be appearing there, right?
"Tony..."
Thor was God-knows-where. Bruce was gone, perhaps
Tony stared at that screen for at least ten minutes, battling with himself and his own drunken thoughts, until he finally pressed that tiny little 'select' button. He felt so relieved yet so nervous at the same time, it was just getting so hard and he
Then the aftermath of the accords happened. Emotions ended up getting the best of him, resulting in attacking Barnes. Tony wishes he wouldn't have, he wishes he would've tried to remember no matter what that
"Steve, it's okay, this is what I
And as if things couldn't get worse from there, further into the fight, Tony realized that Steve was going to
