For those who didn't read the notes about Shadow in the first chapter here you'll get more information about her.
C. Peter's class has Lunch before going to the training area or Peter's lab, and Flash does something worse to Peter that really gets the avengers wanting to murder him more. If who give suggestions. I personally think either Tony, Steve, Nat, or Wade
"I still promise when I'm better we'll play whatever you want!" he gives her a big squeeze having her laugh. "I love you Peter."
Then he stopped "wait the class would still be with him. They might figure out I'm Spiderman."
"Peter enough with the fake internship! We know your aunt died recently but making up such a lie to get attention is unforgiveable."
Still Nat: bye my little spider!
"Nah, you can go ahead Ned."
Olivia gave a fake smile "Peter doesn't need one since he's Mr. Stark's personal intern he's aloud the finger scan."
After some time passes the students who spared with the avengers lost against them. Peter had to admit though some were quite impressive they almost had them on the ground.
" she called Peter tensed up a bit so did Makayla when she heard it, though he had to give it to Shadow she still had yet to understand how human illness works.
Nat walks up to Miss Erica with a pissed off face "I heard what you said to Peter and if you dare to say anything else to him for something he didn't do. I'm going to knock all the teeth you have out of your mouth and leave you a bleeding mess!" she threatens
"Hey! Author-chan you've kept me waiting so long to see my baby boy! Unless you count that rape chapter you did that no one liked which made you depressed and have self doubt and self harm thoughts. Oopsie sorry I shouldn't have said that." Wade said in his head to not creep everyone out.
His eyes started to get heavy starting to close falling asleep quickly.
"With you or with the avengers?"
Tony sighs putting a hand on his forehead "I guess Deadpool's here to."
Shadow then comes out of Jordie "
Peter looked up from the book he was reading for the class as the teacher continued "In two weeks we're going on a field trip!" the class cheered with excitement clapping happily. Cindy raised her hand asking "Where will we be going?"
Everyone started to clap to cheering for Peter who smiled with joy. Flash growled getting up pulling out a pocket knife running to Peter who blocked his face with his arms causing one to get cut. Peter holds on to it wincing as Flash was about to stab him when Nat pulled him back taking the knife from him and throwing him onto the floor with no mat pointing the knife at him.
your lucky we went easy on you. Or you'd be dead
Peter gives a small smile before getting a light punch on his shoulder "Hey loser." he turns seeing MJ and ned "so has the tour been as terrible as you thought?" Ned questions
Peter shrugged "it's not that big a deal really.."
Jordie nods helping Peter down to the lab where Bruce works with Makayla and Bucky following suite. Flash starts to stutter "b-b-but you can't do that. I'm Flash Thompson the most popular guy at mid town high!"
"Apperantly waiting for the author to hurry with the sixth chapter so I can finally see my baby boy."
Nat sighs in defeat but gives a small smirk "Кей, но мы говорим Тони. Я сейчас пойду, покажу учителю часть моего разума." she kisses his cheek.
With that the students crowd around both Peter and Wade. A bit overwhelmed at first though with Wade by his side Peter guessed it wasn't so bad after all.
He picks up Makayla and holds Morgan's hand walking back to the group. Once miss Erica saw she was fuming mad "MR. PARKER! I can't believe you! You have gone to far this time! Who's kids are these?! I swear you are going to get kicked out of school and sent to jail." she screams
Olivia blushes "n-not at all Mr. Stark. It be an honor"
"It was alright Мать Паук, hi Clint" Peter waves. Natasha finally got Clint's arm on the table losing the wrestle. Clint starts to sign to Peter 'you don't look very happy about an alright day of school'
~~~~~~~
Peter smiles and walks MJ over all the heroes and they start to get some pictures and autographs. Now for those wondering about Flash and Erica when taking pictures and autographs with the avengers.
Peter tries not to make eye contact "um.. okay Shadow I-I'll let you know." he smiles sheepishly
"It was pretty obvious Peter, I mean who doesn't stand up to people like Flash and Erica for the safety of their kid."
"This is so amazing!"
Wade frowns "ohh alright, one more kiss though?"
Then he was pulled back against the wall looking up seeing Flash staring rage full in his face "Better confess now Parker! You can fool everyone here but you can't fool me, I know your internship is fake! I bet you sucked a lot of dicks for it didn't you." Peter could feel his breathe against his face.
Jordie sets the soup on the desk next to Peter's bed "I decided to stop by and see how you were doing. Makayla wanted to come also she made a picture for you. Didn't you honey?" Makayla nods handing the picture to Peter "It's a picture of you as Spiderman giving me a ride on your back while swinging around the city."
Later that evening, while eating dinner Peter decided to make an announcement "Umm... I'd like to say thank you to all of you..
Flash growls "Shut up Michelle!" before walking away.
Bucky rolls his eyes a bit "Typical Tony."
"Miss Jones you know I don't allow bullying in my class even on Field trips. Now unless you want to get sent down to the lobby and expelled then I suggest you let him go this instant!"
Nat ignored what that bitch just said to her little nephew and continues "почему он не сделал тебе больно и учитель кажется, что она на его стороне. Я не против, чтобы надрать ей задницу."
"It was alright. Nice to see you Olivia." he says as he walks past to the ID scanner though Peter didn't need a ID he entered with a finger scan. When scanned FRIDAY came on "Welcome back Peter, would you like me to inform Mr. Stark of your arrival?"
MJ sighs "yes Ms. Erica." letting go of Flash not before giving him a glare to back off of Peter.
"Hey whatcha doing!" Deadpool pops up out of nowhere surprising Shuri
(See the end of the chapter for
"Don't be mean to Peter!" Morgan says angerly
~~~~~~~
She gives a look at him like he did something wrong "Oh sorry mister Parker but you can't go because of how many absences you have."
"Alright who's up first!" Steve said as a few students who were either football players or athletes raised their hands in the air.
Makayla sees what Morgan is doing and stands up for her favorite cousin to "yeah and my mommy has the power to eat you! My daddy can even throw you out of here!"
Peter goes by Nat and Clint "hey my маленький паук, how was school?"
Nat wraps an arm around Peter "How about me and Shadow come down in make them believe you." Shadow pokes her head out of Jordie's body "
The class watched as she did. When she sat him down Miss Erica snatched the bag of cookies out of this hand throwing them away "Now I don't want you to over until the field trip is over is that clear!"
"Mr. Parker who even told you that it was Stark industries! I bet it was Mr. Harrington that idiot can't keep his mouth shut."
"Good for you. Now go on the other side of the mat." Tony points to the opposite side of the mat to get flash out of his sight faster "yes Mr. Stark." Flash replies going over to that side while Peter goes on the other.
Turns out both bully and teacher were escorted outside to the bus and wait for the students to come out. While both were put on the banned list of Stark industries if either dared to come back to berate more about Peter or have a job as a intern.
"Not that good Hap, I can't go on the field trip my class is having in two weeks."
Peter woke up and starts to get dressed putting a binder on, then looking through his drawers getting a white T-shirt and a pair of jeans. He picks the empty bowl up from his desk carrying it to the kitchen, he sees some of the avengers there having waffles and pancakes. "Hey kid how you feeling today?" Tony asks ruffling his hair
Peter: please do not hurt him!
(See the end of the chapter for
"Now before we begin any questions?"
"Hey I'm going to get a picture with Shadow. Want to take it with me?"
When everyone was free to look around a bit before going to the museum on the next floor. Peter check his phone seeing text messages from Wade saying how much he can't wait to see his adorable boyfriend making him smile.
"They will come down soon Miss Mertz. They've just been very busy with Miss Potts about the agreement to have some vibranium in a suite that Mr. Stark wants."
~~~~~~~
Sitting down Peter starts to eat his waffles. Feeling his phone buzz in his pocket he took it out seeing a text from Wade.
Everyone turned around seeing Tony, Shadow who was growling, Pepper potts, and Bucky Barnes. "Daddy!" Makayla called Peter set her down having her running over to Bucky hugging his leg while Morgan ran to her mother's side.
The small boy just looked down not wanting to make eye contact with said bully, he knew Flash would use his dead name to make him feel worse. Peter sighed and took his things "I do have a internship flash, now please move out of my way so I can leave." he says calmly
"Yeah they think it's fake."
" she gives a smile.
~~~~~~~
That's basically it. I need you guys to choose these three options just comment with A, B, or C and if you'd like to explain why that's completely up to you. I don't care.
Flash continues to glare at Peter "That stupid girl thinks that she can humiliate me? I'm going to make her pay!"
Back and ready to post a new chapter ^^
Not the last chapter still two more to come.
~~~~~~~
"Oh Wade it's just you. What are you doing here?"
"What was the first clue?" Peter asks raising his head from resting in his arms. His face looking pale except for his nose, cheeks, and ears being red. Ned puts a hand on Peter's forehead "Peter your burning up! You need to go to the nurse's office so your dad can pick you up!" he whispered shouted not wanting to case a scene in class.
when someone doesn't have their badge."
Getting to the front Peter sees Happy's car going up to it and getting in. "Hey kid how was school?"
"It's nothing.. just ran into something." Peter replies trying to hide his eye from the other students. MJ gives him a 'really?' look "Peter I'm not stupid. Was it Flash again?"
I'd like to say thank you guys so much! For the support in my first chapter I'm glad you guys love it, I can't wait to continue to have more chapters for you guys~
Peter shrugs "you can go sweetie but I want to just take things easy and work in my lab for a bit, plus I'm still sick and being around other people hasn't been helpful today."
Peter nods mumbling "yes ma'am..."
"Jordie take Peter to Bruce."
Not noticing up in the vent a certain someone had saw the whole thing.
Peter started to get himself up wiping the tears off his face.
Wade: GREAT! Be there in two hours!
Now the moment everyone was dreading was sparing with a classmate. Tony looked at Peter "hey Pete why don't you come down?" gulping Peter walked down the bleachers to where the avengers were "Would anyone like to have a spar with my intern?" instantly Flash's hand went in the air Peter was shaking at this point "great just great..." he mumbled to himself.
Feel free to check the story out it's called Мой маленький паук aka my little spider. Either check my works for it or copy and paste it into the ao3 search bar.
(See the end of the chapter for
Anyway the two Ideas I have are as followed.
I also want to tell the people who wanted to see the Peter is Natasha's child story it is now out. I worked on it today and this is my second fanfic update today who needs sleep!!!!
Peter jumps a bit at the mention of Shadow eating someone "N-no thank you to both. Just tell me when Mr. Stark- Dad comes up." He gets out from under Nat's arm going to his room to do his homework for the night.
"I think so. I haven't coughed or sneezed after taking the medicine Clint gave me."
"Yes."
"Did you show the paper work to your teacher's and principle?"
Miss Erica was left mouth wide open scared of what to say to THE black widow! After a few seconds Nat walks away "come Clint." ruffling Peter's hair "пока мой маленький паук" Peter waves giving a cough before saying "пока мама паук"
They started the walk out to Peter's lab going in everyone saw Peter sketching in his notebook. Peter felt the presence behind him turning around he gives a slight wave "um.. hi everyone, welcome to my lab I guess.."
~~~~~~~
Shuri gets about done with the bandages "there you go fiancé all better." she smirks putting the left over bandages on the medical cart next to her.
"To many absences because of my internship but no one believes me!"
Sneakily Peter gets into the group of students while Olivia was looking around the students and she saw him "oh hey Peter! I thought you weren't going to school today?" Everyone turns looking at Peter, while he looked down at the floor not wanting to make eye contact though he gives a nod "s-sorry Olivia I didn't know they were coming here.."
I just can't stop thinking about reading what the comments you guys left about my mistake of a chapter. It's not any of you guys fault truly, but for me I just keep thinking I'll just mess up again having what I call my bad thoughts about how I'm just a failure and having thoughts about wanting to self harm again...
The students around them start to laugh at the situation MJ smirks "oh yelled at by a five and four year old." Miss Erica was very embarrassed "what gives you two the right to say that to me!"
"But miss it's because of my internship-" he got caught off
Jordie puts a hand on Shadow's head "no Shadow we don't eat innocent people. Weather they believe someone or not." Shadow pouts "
Hi everyone. As you can tell by the title I'm deciding to take a break from the story for awhile I don't know when I'll be back, but for now I just need to get my thoughts together.
Would you guys like Flash and Erica in it one more time?
Shuri laughs "I know why do you think I keep saying."
He sighs "I guess I could just stay here and wait. Maybe I could work on something else." he goes back to his desk and starts to sketch out some ideas.
"y-y-yes M-m-mr. Stark I'm so sorry!"
and I'm sorry for not speaking up about being bullied at school. I just thought I could fight my own personal fight without my mask."
"Sure, whatever."
Like I said it's not anyone's fault as I know you were just giving your personal opinion about what you thought and everyone is free to do that about my story weather good or bad. All I want to say is goodbye for now to the story and I'll return soon, for what it means for my other stories I'm doing I will continue to try and write some chapters for them to keep my mind clean as writing stories helps me get rid of my bad thoughts.
"I did no such thing, Captain." JARVIS was an AI, but Steve was pretty sure he tried to sound innocent. A smile played on Steve's lips.
He mentally checked off everything he just thought about Steve seconds ago and his eyes went wide with realization. “Well, shit!”
“How did I not know this?” Tony exclaimed.
“Uh, what?” Was all Steve managed before Tony was right in front of him, hands on his chest pushing him back into the wall. A soft
When he turned away from the bar he was greeted with yet another smile from Steve. Was he ever not smiling? Tony took his glass and clinked it with Steve’s, also offering him a smile. “Cheers!”
Steve handed him his phone wordlessly. He really was too trusting. He didn’t even ask why Tony didn’t use his own. But he wasn’t complaining and just took it. He opened the messaging app just in time with a new message popping up. Tony didn’t want to read it. He really didn’t, but his eyes registered his name and there went his intention. The message was from Natasha and read ‘You know how Tony is. Just get him drunk and he’ll lie at your feet.’. Another one followed ‘Uhm, that came out wrong’ and then ‘Eeeew’ and ‘Anyway, just have fun’.
Someone cleared their throat and Steve didn’t know how long he’d stared at Tony, but the spell was broken. Tony put on a smile that didn’t reach his eyes. “Morning everyone.”
That sounded pretty ironic, he
About a week ago Tony had started to cautiously touch the subject. At first he had just dropped a hint here and there. Had asked if Steve was interested in dating again and if he even had dated after being in the ice. Tony had become one of his best friends, but Steve still didn’t feel really comfortable talking about this stuff. It had been hard enough to get used to suddenly living in the 21st century after he had woken up. After he had settled a bit, Avengers business had been crazy. And when he had finally felt ready to go on a date again, he had been rather disappointed in those few acquaintances he had made.
"I know I've been an idiot and I broke your heart. Well, that's a little presumptuous, actually, but you know what I mean," Tony said, grimacing at his own rambling, but this little outburst made Steve just feel so much affection for him. This was the man he loved with all his messes, his rambling and his jokes and he was trying to tell Steve that he felt the same. At least that was what Steve read from all his between the lines talking. He smiled at him softly when Tony went on.
“You should give it a try.”
“I just need.. some time. I’m feeling a little exhausted right now and want to take a step back. Recharge my batteries and come back stronger, so to speak.”
Anyway, a few more days, weeks tops, and everything should be back to normal, Steve told himself.
he wanted that, they could just talk about it tomorrow. But Tony kind of couldn’t wait for Steve to be back since he left for the date. Which wasn’t even that long ago. That was probably the excitement of playing matchmaker, he told himself. Before he could dwell on that thought, his phone rang, demanding his attention. He earned disapproving looks from the board members, but he didn’t care, because Steve was calling him and Steve wouldn’t call if it wasn’t important.
He kissed Steve shortly. “Lay down.”
Steve wasn’t sure if he meant for what he’d said or for clutching his arm, but he didn’t ask. All he knew was that his skin where Tony had touched him, suddenly felt cold.
"Uhm, yes? Thought we'd established that like.. Months ago?" Tony answered hesitantly.
His hand never left Steve’s back until his pot was filled with coffee and he went back to the workshop. When he’d come up, he couldn’t wait to get some caffeine, but now, after having to let go of Steve, he wished that the coffee machine would’ve taken longer. Or that he could have this thing with Steve for real. Not only as long as they pretended there was something that actually, unfortunately, wasn’t there. At least on Steve’s part. Right now this whole idea appeared to be pretty idiotic, but he wouldn’t be Tony Stark if he didn’t come up with stupid ideas, right?
After a few painful long seconds, Tony’s eyes widened. Did he just realize what was going on? Steve’s breath hitched when Tony started to speak, “not to… presume anything, but that someone sounds an awful lot like me."
Tony got up from the couch just in time with the
“Tony,” Steve tried, but he knew he wouldn’t get any reaction the way Tony seemed to be almost in tears laughing, his body slightly bent forward, shaking with laughter.
Not that any of them would put it into so many words, but Steve had basically saved Tony. When they first met, Tony had been an ass. Not just to Steve, but in general. In spite of that Steve had always been there for him. They both had been friends with Natasha for quite some time, but somehow never met until one night at Puzzles, their local bar, and Tony didn’t even try to be nice to him. He usually wasn’t rude to friends of his friends, or people in general, not on purpose at least. But the shit he had gotten at home that weekend was enough for him to not care about anything. It wasn’t exactly news that Howard yelled at him and told him what a disappointment he was, but as just so often it had kind of escalated into an epic shouting battle. However, Steve still had made sure that he had gotten home okay that night, calling him a cab when he was too drunk to even care where he would sleep. And that was just the start. Whenever he had another fight with his father, Steve had been there for him, telling him he was way better than Howard, restoring parts of his self-confidence and, more importantly, his self-worth. Whenever he had too much to drink, Steve had scraped him off the sidewalk and took him home. And finally, when Howard had kicked him out of his own flat, freezing his bank accounts, so he wouldn’t ‘ruin him or drink himself to death’ (and whose fault would that have been, hm?) Steve offered him to be his new roomie. They hadn’t even really known each other at this point and Sam had just moved out. So Steve was searching for a new roommate anyway, but with Tony he didn’t even know when he would be able to pay his part of the rent. He still insisted that Tony would move in right away. Somehow they had managed to become really good friends through all of it. Steve being as patient and gracious as one can be, making Tony want to be better along the way. He still didn’t understand how Steve stomached him and the mess that was his life
“No wait. Hear me out. I’m sorry, I didn’t notice anything, but I should have. This whole.. thing we had was probably pretty hard for you. And this might be a new low even for me, not noticing one of my best friends falling for me,
“So, I wanna be honest. I didn’t even consider.. this,” Tony gestured between the two of them. “and it took a bit of help from Natasha.
Tony had told himself to stay calm and he had been almost certain that he could manage, but seeing Steve triggered something and all the hurt of the past weeks and all his anger came rushing back.
Tony didn’t even seem to deliberate when he instantly answered, "nope, that’s fine with me. And I especially don't care for the record, I feel like we made progress."
Since he hadn’t made any progress on his work for hours he reached for the phone without a second thought. If he wanted to know what Steve had meant in his words, there was only one way to find out.
Tony groaned. Maybe he should just cancel the whole thing, tell everyone he was sick or something. Pepper would probably fly in from Japan or Mexico or wherever she was and drag him there by his ear. Not an option.
“It’s just.. fun and games, you know.” When he didn’t answer right away, Tony added, “don’t worry, you don’t have to marry me, Rogers.”
A few days later Tony found himself sitting on a blanket at the Pond in a deserted Central Park, wondering what the actual fuck he was doing. When he first came up with the idea, he thought it was superb. Meeting Steve at the Pond where, after the Battle of New York, they had really
Still trying to calm his breathing, he heard the sheets rustling until some kind of fabric landed on his stomach. “Might be your shirt. Don’t know, don’t care,” Tony told him before he stifled a yawn. Chuckling, Steve took the cloth and roughly cleaned himself before throwing it to the floor and pulled his underwear and then blanked back up.
Three days after he had received the letter he already knew the words by heart, but still couldn’t stop reading them over and over. Like he still needed to find the hidden message. And even though he had read many things in between the lines, he wasn’t sure if they really were there or if he just wanted them to be.
“Okay.. So, out of curiosity, what is it that you’re looking for?” Tony asked.
Tony turned around looking at the different people and their information now projected all around him. “He needs to go.” Tony swiped the profile away. “He looked like a troll, did I really highlight him? Don’t answer that JARVIS.”
It was probably a good thing Tony took kindly to it, but on the other hand it made Steve’s heart ache a little because it confirmed what he already knew, Tony didn’t care for him the same way Steve cared for him. Otherwise he would have reacted differently, a little more afflicted or confused or.. at all. At least Steve now knew better than to keep his hopes up after all.
When he felt Bucky sitting down next to him as well as a hand on his shoulder, Steve looked up just to find a worried expression on Bucky’s face.
“He’s at the penthouse, appearing to be sulking.”
“I don’t know, just a few moments ago I thought it was wednesday, so.. I’m fine, Cap. Ask JARVIS. Or no, maybe don’t ask JARVIS. You two would just.. join forces against me.”
“Because you didn’t ask?”
Steve and get off rough and fast because he had wanted this for too long already, he enjoyed it. It was Steve showering him in endearment after all. He’d never imagined it like this, but he’d also never imagined that Steve could have feelings for him and with that knowledge his gentle treatment was way better than anything else. Also by now Tony was pretty sure this wasn’t the last time they’d do this, so they had all the time in the world to try out everything they’d come up with.
“Naah, it’s fine, I don’t suppose anyone will come along offering to give me a hand.”
“Sure, but don’t forget it’s movie night tonight.”
______________________________
uncomfortable. At least that’s what I thought right up until now. I thought that was why he left. And now you’re telling me that he thinks
“Damn,” Tony exclaimed, making Steve laugh. He took a few more steps until he was only an arm’s length from Tony, expectantly holding the coffee out to him. With a small shrug he accepted the cup, took a sip and placed it on the workbench, next to the project he seemingly was about to resume.
They laid low for a few days. Mostly because they didn’t meet any of the other Avengers since Barton was with his family for a few days and Romanoff and Banner were nowhere to be seen. Not that Tony would want to know where they were or what they were
After opening Steve’s fly button and zipper, Tony slid his hands into the back of the pants, pushing them down while grabbing Steve’s ass, squeezing it. Steve moaned, letting go of Tony to push his pants down completely. While he took off his shoes and stepped out of the pant legs, Tony got rid of his own bow tie and shirt.
“Uuhm.. Steve?”
Bucky smiled at him fondly, apparently he knew something Steve didn’t know. He hoped he would enlighten him.
“Sorry, I’m just.. You sounded so distressed, I thought..”
“Steve..,” Tony’s voice was rough. Before he could go on, Steve just shook his head, silencing him by kissing his lips again. He moved on to his neck, biting and nibbling before leaving a line of kisses along his collarbone and chest. He took his time, covering every inch of Tony’s upper body with licks and kisses. Of course he would and it was about to make Tony go crazy. But even though he wanted to finally
Steve chuckled softly. “I’ll keep that in mind," he whispered as he cupped Tony's cheek, gently pulling him in for another kiss.
He arranged a balcony loveseat so that it would have the best view on the city, took a few blankets outside and made a bottle of wine available. When he was done, he sat down and let his eyes wander over the city. He really enjoyed the perks of owning a building like the tower all too rarely.
When he hung up, he already
“I.. I don’t know yet. Thank you for being honest, but I don’t know..,” Tony trailed off, he needed time to think about what Steve just said, about what that meant.
“I might..” But Tony was cut off by Steve kissing him again. Apparently he didn’t really want to hear the answer. It would be embarrassing to admit that it took Tony quite a few days anyway.
This time Steve didn’t seem to need any more intel, because he didn’t hesitate answering, “definitely.”
Tony pushed his hands into his hair, he was a genius goddamnit, why couldn’t he come up with something? He decided to solve the smaller problem first, so he showered and changed into some other clothes. When he was done he had cooked up about six different ideas. He had considered asking Natasha for help so Steve would think he would be meeting her. Which, well, could have been a good plan if it wasn’t for the fact that the two of them were currently kind of living together. Then he thought about faking an accident, so Steve would have a choice but come to the flat. Which was a stupid scheme, because it wouldn’t end in Steve listening to him, but in him yelling at Tony for lying. The best option so far had been to just pay him a visit at Natasha’s flat, but that way he would kind of corner him and Steve didn’t really like that. And anyway, Tony wanted to talk to him, but not at any cost. He didn’t want to force Steve. How many bad ideas were you allowed to have when you were considered a genius after all?
“You know why he doesn’t like me, right?” Bucky asked softly.
After the movie ended the group fell into easy conversation and well-meant banter, but Steve kept mostly quiet, dwelling on thoughts. Now that he was on the brink of stopping this thing with Tony, he couldn't help but remember all those little things, the kisses, the tenderness on that day down in the workshop. Just like romanticizing an ex after the break up. Only that he had yet to tell Tony and there was no relationship to break up. But other than that..
Anyway, back to the task at hand. “JARVIS, open the dating profiles I highlighted as favorites, please?” “There you go, Sir.”
“I will. But only after you’re in dry clothes.”
“And you have no clue about the real reason?”
Of course he would know that there was more to it, he had been an open book to Bucky since they were kids. There was no need to try and hide anything from him.
"So.. We're friends, right?"
“Oh yeah?” He asked, raising his brows, gaze fixed on Steve.
Now that he thought about it, Steve didn’t say anything about it and Tony didn’t ask, he never did. And, in the olden days, he couldn’t have cared less for the reasons, but if he was honest, this was different. He had tried not to go there, but now that Natasha mentioned it, he was curious what Steve’s reason could have been. Maybe he should have asked.
“You have no idea. That’s why you’re here, consider yourself emotional support.” Tony winked at him and the laugh he got in response was the exact reason he hated and yet loved to have Steve around.
He had wanted nothing more than to stay in bed, put his arm around Tony, hold him tight and never leave. Or maybe if he would have to leave eventually, it was something he would want to come back to. Fall asleep with him in his arms, wake up to the sight of Tony still sleeping peacefully, stroke his hair that would be still messy from the night, place a kiss right there and reluctantly leave for his morning run. When he would come back, he’d prepare coffee he’d place at Tony’s nightstand before slipping back under the covers to cuddle some more.
Anyway neither Pepper nor being lonely and miserable could actually make him forget what happened. Sure, he knew that him and Cap agreeing was a rarity, but he still wouldn’t have imagined it to go this bad. Tony let out a bleak laugh when he realized that they did agree on something after all. Steve had hurt Tony. He wouldn’t admit it, but it was true. The way Steve didn’t seem to trust him with any decision had been a thorn in his side since they had met, but Tony felt like it had gotten worse over time. Maybe Tony could have even overlooked it, if not for the fact that something between them had changed. He didn’t know when or why but suddenly he had felt that there was
"I think I'm gonna go looking for that Scotch."
“Don’t you appreciate me treating you like the princess you are?” Tony chuckled, but Steve shot him down with a warning look. So he wasn’t that amused, but at least he didn’t seem to be too mad.
Three days after that Tony was in his workshop, running tests on some arrows he had designed for Barton. At least that’s what he had wanted to do, the reality looked kind of different. His own thoughts had distracted him over and over until he gave up. He tried to come up with characteristics he wanted to look for while he would search for Steve’s next date. None of the women had won Steve over and since he had asked for it, it was time to find him a male date next. Since Tony had suggested the dates he felt like he failed at his job and didn’t want to repeat his mistake. But somehow it was hard to imagine the perfect partner for Steve. For some reason it was even harder to think of a man that would make a good match. Not because Tony had any problem with Steve being gay or bisexual or whatever. He would lie if he would say he wouldn’t have been a little surprised, but that was it. He didn’t mind one bit. Hell, who was he to judge? He had found himself checking out guys again and again and maybe even made out with a few. So Steve liking men was not the problem at all. It was rather the difficulty to picture anyone with Steve really. Maybe he was just too perfect for anyone to live up to it.
He leaned his cheek against the smooth bark and immediately found the touch calming. After another few seconds he opened his eyes and when he peeked around the tree, he looked into a pair of brown eyes. Beautiful, brown eyes to be precise. He wanted to move away, bring distance between them, but he couldn’t seem to be able to convince himself. Instead he just watched Tony who gently smiled at him.
good.
“And you’re really sure he said that, yeah?” Tony couldn't help but reinsure himself.
When the elevator reached his floor he made a bolt for his apartment and just about managed to control himself enough to not slam the door. He wasn’t used to feeling so many things all at once. His anger wasn’t directed at Tony but rather at himself for thinking that he’d walk away from his feelings after possibly being rejected. Or maybe for not even thinking that far and just doing what he thought was best. Why did he always have to do the right thing? His Captain-America-Attitude be damned.
“I told you, Bucky needs me.” Steve tried to soothe him, his voice calm, his thumbs stroking the back of Tony’s hands. It didn’t help though. Tony pulled his hands away, taking a few steps back.
uncomfortable?”
“Don’t be. I understood that he wasn’t too happy about me cancelling, but he was so mad. I don’t know why he can’t accept you or the way I care about you. I mean, I was worried about you, of course I would be there for you, right? That’s what friends do. But he just doesn’t.. I don’t know why he’s so angry about this.”
Letting his hand run over the bulge in Steve’s boxers, Tony hummed, "I see I'm not the only one affected by all that sex talk."
“Here,” he all but whispered.
“And you would be okay with Bucky moving into my quarter?” Steve interrupted him.
They both groaned collectively this time and Tony momentarily let his head rest against Steve’s chest, letting his hands fall to his sides, before he said, “well at least we don’t have to awkwardly tell the team, right?”
Tony only raised his eyebrows, apparently waiting for an elaboration when Steve sat down on the chair opposite of him. Rubbing his hands on his thighs he kept his gaze down, but didn't start talking yet. Maybe he should make an excuse and not tell Tony after all. But honestly, that's not how Steve Rogers operated, especially not with Tony. If he had learned one thing from their past it's that honesty is key. Another deep breath and then get it over with, he told himself.
escaped Steve’s lips when his back met the wood, his hands instantly coming up to grab Tony’s biceps.
Thank you to everyone who read the first chapter AND came back for the second :D And thank you for kudos and comments of course.
“Don’t mention it,” Tony said nonchalantly while he moved back to his workbench. “Hey, wanna grab dinner later?”
Crossing the room Steve sat down in the armchair on Tony’s end of the couch. “Yeah, that’s actually what I wanted to talk to you about. I’m not sure I wanna keep on going on dates.”
While he slowly nodded, Tony let go of him and cleared his throat.
Steve grinned at him as if he wanted to answer, but thought better of it. Instead he obeyed, pulling off his boots before taking off his pants and stepping into the shower. Following suit, Tony also lost his pants and got under the stream of water that Steve already adjusted to a pleasant temperature.
Anyway, they didn’t even fight since they made it to the farm. Up until this afternoon at least. When Tony had joined Steve chopping wood, it took only a few minutes until they started arguing. He didn’t even really know how it started. He might have been a little distracted, subtly staring at Tony and how his muscles were showing each time he swung the ax. And maybe he briefly thought about how his muscles would move during.. other activities. Who wouldn’t, right?
The next few days happened in a blur. Every day was the same for Tony: getting up after a way too short night, working as much as possible, trying to think about Steve as little as possible. He had paid their flat a short visit after his night at Natasha’s to get a few things. He had said something about staying at Tasha’s for a few days and needing some space. He had even mentioned potentially moving out, which, frankly, had made Tony freak out internally. Maybe spending some time apart would help, Tony had tried to tell himself. But as soon as Steve was out of the door, Tony slumped back against the fridge, sliding down until he was sitting on the floor and had an anxiety attack.
“Uhm.. yeah.”
Steve’s surprised expression turned tender and soft when he answered, “I love you, too, Tony.”
He tried his best to not meet anyone at all, stayed in his apartment for most part of the day and only left when he was sure to not find someone. His runs were postponed to late evening or even nighttime, he couldn't sleep anyway. His food intake reduced to a bare minimum so he didn’t run out of groceries. Natasha attempted to talk to him several times, knocking on his door, yelling at him to open up. But he stayed put. Just like he ignored any incoming call. The only thing he wanted was being left alone, he needed time to process everything without constantly being asked if he was okay. He was not, but he didn’t want to talk about it either.
Passing Tony, he wanted to make his way back to the compound to think about how to survive the endless teasing from Clint, Natasha and Tony about this. But he didn’t get far, because Tony grabbed his wrist, making him stop. The touch of Tony’s hand on his skin felt like an electrical shock, sending a shiver down his spine. Even though Steve kind of relished the feeling, he had to suppress the urge to pull his arm away. He had taken care of touching Tony as little as possible, it was the only way to hide how much it affected him every time. With a deep sigh, Steve slowly turned around and to his surprise found a serious expression on Tony’s face. Nothing indicated that he’d been tearing up laughing only seconds ago, instead he looked almost guilty, a crooked smile on his lips.
“Yeah. So.. are you coming back?”
“Did. You. Mean. It? All of it?” Tony asked again.
Natasha was already waiting for him in front of the building and when he approached and they hugged, she eyed him conspicuously but didn’t say anything. Yet.
“Look Steve, I’m so sorry. I shouldn't have let you go. I was such an idiot, because I didn’t.. I was such a wussy, because I was afraid and then I let you go and.. I’m so sorry. I-”
I hope you'll enjoy it :)
“To that I agree,” Steve said before trying to steal another kiss from his boyfriend.
“You’re just too good,” Tony teased as he lazed about the couch, getting more comfortable.
“Steve, I.. like you, but to be honest it might take some time to.. forgive and forget.” He shrugged apologetic and Steve’s eyes instantly shot up to meet Tony’s. “Of course, that’s.. yeah.”
The next one had to go because he was too young and seemed rather childish. Steve had more life experience than anyone, but that made it even more important to find someone mature. Which made Tony swipe away the third one, because he just didn’t seem to be smart enough. Steve needed someone that could keep up with him intellectually. He wasn’t only intelligent but well-educated.
“Besides,” Steve paused. “I wasn’t sure where we stood.. how you would’ve taken it.”
as something you could put on top of a salad? Sometimes he really wondered where they found these people on the show. After frequently looking at the TV more than his papers, but apparently still trying his best to concentrate, it took about ten minutes until Steve ditched his studies completely. Nobody could resist Family Feud, that was a fact. As so often they scoffed at especially stupid answers and guessed along with the players, which always ended up in some kind of contest or discussion.
"I guess what I'm trying to say is that I'm in. For worse or for better. If you'll still have me, that is. I mean, if you.. Oh God, is this inappropriate? Are you seeing someone? Please don't tell me.. Maybe I should leave."
Even though he hated to admit it, Tony was a bit relieved that Steve didn’t say anything. He probably didn’t want to be rude, bless him and his old school courtesy. Tony should’ve told him about the plan first, but he just didn’t want to miss that chance. As he passed Steve he patted him on the upper arm before making his way back down to the workshop.
“Are you okay?” Bucky asked softly and a little out of breath. The intensity of the hug had surprised him.
“He just wasn’t perfect for me and I’m pretty sure I won’t find what I’m searching for by going on more dates.”
“Is there something you wanna tell me?”
“Yeah, that’s what I sa..,” Steve was cut off when Tony took his face into his hands, pulled him down a little and just kissed him.
“Come on, I’m kidding and you know it,” Steve said conciliatorily, putting his arm around Tony’s shoulder, pulling him into a half hug while ruffling his hair. If Tony was honest, he wanted to stay like that forever, but unfortunately, Tony Stark had the urgent necessity to always be right and talk anything out. He turned around to look at Steve and tell him that
“Why do you think he’s jealous of me?”
Tony leaned in slowly, apparently giving him time to react, to push him away if he wanted to, but Steve stayed still and just kept watching Tony. Which was probably approval enough. At least Tony seemed to think so when he closed the distance and pressed his lips to Steve’s. It was far from a soft contact, on the contrary actually, and Tony didn’t waste any time until he pushed open Steve’s lips with his tongue. Wow, okay, that was not how Steve imagined this fight to end, but he definitely wasn’t going to complain. Using his grip on Tony’s upper arms he pulled him even tighter, eagerly returning the kiss.
Even less than knowing what Steve would possibly tell him, he knew what he wanted to say. Sure, Steve had confirmed that he had meant what he wrote in that letter, but Tony wasn’t sure if that was enough to make him go back to how things were.
Tony threw up his hands. “Okay, that’s true. But I greatly reduced it.” His tone was mocking, but it was the truth and maybe he took a little pride in it.
Tony didn't say anything, but chuckled, which was answer enough.
Before spinning around to continue working, Tony shrugged, a cheeky smile on his face.
“I wouldn’t leave him. Not even for you.” He shrugged, smiling apologetically. “No offense, Buck.”
“Tony, you know that’s not how it is,” Pepper told him softly.
He jumped up when he hit on an idea. Making his way to the elevator, he reached for his phone to text Natasha ‘I need your help.’
Tony hesitated. “I don’t know.. it was actually Steve who wanted to end it.”
When they broke apart because they couldn’t get enough air with their mouths pressed together, both of them were breathing heavily.
. Closing his eyes again, he took a deep breath. What exactly had he been thinking, offering Tony.. He didn’t even want to finish that thought. All he could hope for was that it wouldn’t make things awkward. The adrenaline must have made him do it, that was the only reasonable explanation.
“No, he didn’t. But I know him well enough and to be honest, everyone with at least one eye can see that you two are in love.”
It still didn’t heal the wounds of him not trusting Tony.
It's been a little over a week of hiding in the workshop, being irritated and occasionally snapping at teammates and Tony wasn't exactly sure what was wrong, but somehow everything and almost everyone seemed to annoy him. Steve was probably the only exception, but maybe solely because he knew Tony's moods and how to handle them.
"You're a really good friend and we're good at working together.. But I think that's it. That should be it. It wouldn't be good for.. The team and.. I.."
"Wait .. Why don’t you join me? On the nightly kitchen visits I mean."
Steve watched him for a few moments, but his answer seemed to have been enough for him because he gripped Tony’s jacket and jerked him forward until their lips were pressed together. Tony grabbed Steve’s shoulders. Not only did he need to steady himself but he wasn’t sure how long his legs would hold him upright if they kept on kissing like this. Steve’s hands roaming over his back didn’t help either. He really needed to do something about this.
This was
The media probably wouldn’t think anything of it since they were writing about their ‘bromance’ for months and the photographer wasn’t as baffled as Tony would have thought. The only one that seemed surprised was Steve. His jaws were clenched going by the way they stood out, his mouth a tight line. His eyes were illegible. but he certainly didn’t look amused.
good. Not only because it was a sexual act per se, but because Steve couldn’t remember the last time it was someone else's hand on him. Never would he have thought the night would go like this, but the hand skillfully stroking him paired with the adrenaline of the mission and the fact that it was
It took about four painfully long minutes in which Tony had to keep himself from pacing the room or biting his nail, until Steve answered.
After a long walk through the city during which he had been surprised by the rain, Steve took a shower and sat down on the cozy armchair by the big window. It had become his favourite spot to read, but today he simply watched the huge raindrops dashing against the glass while listening to the evenly, calming sound of the rain. Deep in thought he startled when the doorbell rang. Nobody had bothered him since he moved into the apartment and his friend assured him that everybody knew when he was out of town, not that he had too many friends. Alertness rushed through his body, informing his brain to be cautious. Steve listened for any telling sounds, but there was nothing out of the ordinary. Then the bell rang again and after careful consideration, Steve decided to answer the door.
Steve’s response was something between a hum and a chuckle that was interrupted by him flopping on the couch that had hit the back of his legs. Surprised by the sudden fall he grabbed the front of Tony’s shirt, almost sending him tumbling, too. Laughing, Tony closed the distance, capturing Steve’s lips again before bringing up his hands to fumble with his belt. His motor skills seemed just as gone as Steve’s ability to think in complete sentences, but when he broke the kiss to dedicate himself to the task at hand, he managed to open his belt and fly in one swift move. After he was done he grabbed for the waistband of his jeans while Steve eagerly raised his hips, and pulled them down, taking his underwear with them.
“Maaaybee?” Tony tried but admitted defeat at the look Steve was still giving him. “Nope, not really,” he confessed, looking up at Steve through his lashes with wide puppy eyes.
For a few moments she just looked at him, eyebrows knitted, but when she finally seemed to understand, she just shrugged. A twisted smile played at her lips. That was as good as it got, Tony supposed.
Of course Steve was already there when Tony arrived, even though he tried to be on time for once. Steve was trying to take cover under a small ledge, but didn’t seem very successful since he had to share the space with outdoor furniture of the restaurant next to Puzzles. When he spotted Tony he took a step forward, but then halted again, waiting for him.
“You’re such a sap, you know that? Now get out of those pants and into the shower. I wanna get rid of all that sweat and dirt.”
For a few moments they just stood there, watching each other. He had no clue what was going on in Steve’s head, but Tony’s mind was racing. He tried to come up with a solution or answer to everything Steve could possibly say or do. He was even about to tell Steve this was just a joke, only to get out of this situation, but then Steve started talking.
“Tony!” she exclaimed, raising her hands as if she was just about managing not to grab and shake him. “What the hell are you talking about?”
Five minutes until Steve would arrive, which meant five more minutes for Tony to freak out. He pushed a hand through his hair in an attempt to perfect his messy hairstyle, smoothed down his shirt, even though there wasn’t a crinkle in sight and checked his bag again. He didn’t want to go full on picnic mode in case Steve didn’t want to do this, but he wanted to come prepared and brought a few appetizers and champagne.
“Yeah, didn’t wanna go.” Tony shrugged, smiling.
“You know how you sometimes feel like you’re not good enough for him? I’m guessing he’s thinking the same.”
The next few days everything resumed to be rather normal. Just like before, Tony and Steve acted like always, like nothing had ever happened between the two of them. Of course there were Tony’s remarks and his banter, which sometimes hit a bit too close to home for Steve’s liking. But then again Tony couldn’t know, so Steve couldn’t even blame him. Still, he had come to the conclusion to talk to Tony and stop this whole thing anyway. It was the right thing to do, keeping their friendship alive, keeping everything from messing with the team and keeping Steve from watching his heart break somewhere in the near future. He was still waiting for the right moment to talk to Tony, though, since it had been a busy week and, maybe, because Steve stalled a little.
“Nope, I know you’re a lost cause,” Steve joked, but the smile he put on never reached his eyes.  While he followed Tony to the couch he tried to figure out what to say, where to start. “Actually, I wanted to talk to you about.. something.”
Nothing really worked. Everything just kept reminding him about his feelings and the lack thereof on Tony’s side. Thus a few days later Steve came to a decision.
“Oh hey,” he hummed. “I didn’t hear you coming.” A soft smile was playing at his lips when he briefly turned his head to look at Steve, before returning it to his previous position.
They had walked home after Tony had disabled the Iron Man suit, they didn’t need to draw any more attention. On the way Steve had told him about Tiffany and how she just hadn’t seemed to keep her hands to herself.
“I’m fine. How did the meeting go?”
“Wha’cha doin’?” Tony mumbled into his pillow, eyes still closed, apparently more asleep than awake.
"And I think at least one of the spies in this house will kill you when you sneak around the house in the middle of the night."
It was Natasha’s turn to roll her eyes this time. “With whom did you have something that you could have broken off?”
“Oh my god.” Was all Natasha said, but she looked much calmer now, a small smile tugging at her lips.
Steve didn't need him to say more. "It's fine. I.. Like I said, I just wanted to be honest and all."
“Yeah?” Steve’s voice was soft when he pulled off his cowl, stepping into Tony’s space. He let out a quiet sigh before he leaned in and gently pressed his lips to Tony’s. The kiss was slow and soft, their lips barely moving. When Steve broke the kiss, he didn’t move away, leaning his forehead against Tony’s. “Hey,” he whispered. A fond smile appeared on Tony’s face. “Hey,” he repeated just as quiet before brushing another kiss to Steve’s lips. “What do you say? Shower and then make good use of the couch?”
He tried his best to stay as silent as possible since Steve was still taking notes like a maniac, but he couldn’t suppress a laugh or a huff of annoyance every now and then. Because, seriously, who would name
When they were about to leave the café, Tony turned to Steve. “Hang on, I forgot something.”
Smug smile on her lips, Natasha chuckled. She knew she was good, but she loved to show it off. But she rapidly turned serious again, when she asked, “so, what happened?”
It wasn’t until about an hour later when their food was mostly gone, the smalltalk processed, that they carefully navigated towards the elephant in the room. And, to his own surprise, it was Tony who brought up the subject.
Steve knitted his brows, but didn’t ask, he wasn’t sure he wanted to know right now.
“Well, at least you had a good time, right?”
“Sure, scouts honor and everything,” Tony joked and even Steve laughed. Maybe even the first real laugh since their talk.
He made his way over to where Tony had been sitting earlier. When he let himself fall into the cushions, he dragged Tony with him. After shifting a little Tony sat close to Steve, his legs on his lap, cuddled into his side. Steve put his arm around Tony’s shoulder, kissing him on the forehead.
Steve couldn't stop himself from grinning. He wouldn’t admit it, but he kind of liked the thought that Tony enjoyed having his hand on his dick. Supposedly this was some adrenaline induced one-time thing, but that didn’t mean they couldn’t enjoy themselves. Steve picked up the pace, guessing that Tony would want to get off rather sooner than later when he felt a hand on his thigh.
Steve only chuckled when he made his way up to their room. At least Tony seemed to be awake enough to rant at him. That was probably a good sign, especially since it meant that there was no embarrassment between the two of them going on. They probably had been through enough to not be weirded out by this. Which probably said a lot.
. This was not some kind of news he had expected like.. at all. So, okay, fact-check: apparently, if Natasha was right and if Tony didn’t just come to any conclusion because of lack of sleep or because Natasha talked him into believing it, Steve was in love with him. And even more surprising, Tony was in love with Steve. What the fuck?
He made his way over to their table, ignoring literally everybody staring at him.
Tony made his way over to the couch, plopping down next to Steve and decided to change the subject, which Steve thankfully didn’t seem to mind.
“Tony? Are you alright?” Steve’s voice sounded alert, even though he slurred a little as if he’d been asleep. A glance at his tablet told Tony that it was two in the morning and maybe he should have felt guilty for calling Steve in the middle of the night, but he was still angry and wanted answers. So he didn’t beat around the bush, before he asked, “Did you mean it?”
“Yeah?” Steve finally asked and Tony almost didn’t hear it while being lost in thought and the soft way he had said it.
uncomfortable because you almost kissed me. And that’s when I realised that, hopefully, we both have feelings for each other. Please tell me that I’m not wrong.” He had gotten quieter at the end, watching Steve with wide eyes to gauge his reaction.
While Tony grabbed a few towels, Steve started undressing. He had peeled out of the top of his uniform and his tight shirt followed to the floor only seconds later. All Tony could do was stop and watch him taking off his clothes, too engrossed in the view to do anything else. A shiver ran down his spine, but it had nothing to do with him being cold. Even with the thin smart shirt he always wore under his armour he felt rather hot than anything else.
They almost made it to a free table without being recognized or addressed. Almost. Only a few steps before reaching his goal Tony was stopped by someone he might have seen somewhere but didn’t really recognize.
“Uhh.. You first.” He vaguely gestured at Tony who was now watching him through half lidded eyes. He leaned in again and pressed another peck to Steve’s lips and then moved on to nuzzle at his jaw. When he reached his earlobe he briefly sucked it into his mouth before whispering, “What do you think of taking this upstairs? King size bed sound good?”
"Nothing concrete yet, just useful trails helping Natasha along."
"Tony is missing."
He waits for Steve to lecture him in righteous anger. To talk about gratefulness.
"He grew up with you, has known you for more than a decade. I doubt anyone would call that rushing."
, Steve thinks as Liberty rests her head on Tony’s thigh. The question is, of course, whether the reverse was true.
Steve frowns, slipping into a deserted alley.
There's a guarded lilt to Rhodes' voice, a sort of test that Steve hopes he'll pass.
"Good evening, Mr. Secretary," Tony says with no small amount of glee at escaping him.
It's a good Christmas. Better than the last. And if Tony feels upset at not being given the slightest acknowledgement from Howard, then he locks his bedroom and opens up the pages Steve sent.
“Regardless, we just won the case – I’m keeping the clinic and her trust fund.”
Will the choices ever end? To take the serum or to stay behind. To crash the plane or to let the world burn.
“And exercise is healthy, unlike all the space you’re taking up for that ambulance coming up down the road.”
"Hush, now. You never laughed when Tiberius was around. I know what it's like to feel unhappy."
He has only enough strength to curl up tighter in Steve’s lap. He’ll later probably regret what he’s doing to his back.
?" he eventually repeats Steve's question.
“Marry me,” Tony grins up at the monstrosity.
Rhodey and Bucky has made no progress. Steve counts not punching Stane as progress.
The three feet between them feel vaster than the universe itself, a chasm growing larger and larger that neither of them can cross anymore, all their bridges burned and rotted.
His eyes land on the shirt she means, and he looks at the sweater he’s wearing right now. Yeah, okay. She has a point. “Thanks, Nat.”
“Genius,” Tony shrugs, fingers drumming anxiously on his knees. “So. Let the genius billionaire fix things for you. What’s wrong?”
, Steve thinks,
“You’re not a stranger. I know at least nine things about you.”
"Obie!"
Before the award show at Caesars Palace, then. "JARVIS," Steve taps on one of the holograms, watching it expand to become a prosthetic arm, the exact kind Bucky has. "I need logs of all of Stane's contacts in the past year, and I need all of Tony's records on me."
Tony is smiling.
Pepper was staring at him.
Tony isn't sure if Steve was even ever a friend.
The word comes out raspy, nearly squeaking with surprise as Steve's gears halt.
"They shouldn't have appeared in the first place, I shouldn't have - "
“Spoilsport,” Tony nibbles on some more of the waffles.
Tony steals the glass from him, ignoring the hushed '
This is a waiting game, and if it's Steve out there, he trusts that it's a game they'll win.
The bulk of SI's stock is Tony's, so it counts for little that Stane almost desperately wants to roll out the rest of the Jericho line to raise company performance. Stane can't do it.
He wouldn't throw a drink in Tony's face or spark a shouting match in public. He wouldn't laugh if Tony tripped - well, he
Snagging the clipboard from the
, it seems, is an understatement. By the time the ambulance manages to cut through the traffic already clogging up, they’ve wasted precious critical response time. The firetruck blockades the opposite side of the bridge, its sirens bright in the afternoon sun. With a closer look, Tony realises the problem is more ‘car crashed into electric pole,
The drumming of Tony’s fingers on the table stops, leaving a strangely empty silence. His smile turns less wide. “Dinner, huh?”
“Tony.”
He feels rather than sees Steve laugh again. “Did you apologise just so you could cuddle?” Steve says as he adjusts them both, shifting until Tony’s head rests on Steve’s thigh, and Tony can’t help the happy sigh that escapes him when Steve starts carding a hand through his hair, gentle movements massaging the tension of his neck.
He swallows at the thought of a car crash. Every second matters.
“Okay,” Tony nods. “Did I do something wrong? I remembered our anniversary, didn’t I? I distinctly remember getting you a – ”
"We haven't found proof that their broken braking system was responsible for the crash."
"Don't be so arrogant, boy," Obie laughs, tipping his head towards Steve. "Captain Rogers, will you be joining us?"
"Seconded," Steve agrees.
There are two shirts in front of him. A red one. A blue one.
, Captain, will let a doctor be the judge of your scratch.”
“No,” Tony tells Steve, sealing this secret from the rest of the world, “no. She doesn’t have to.”
It happens during a press conference.
Which was an understatement in many ways.
I always notice when you’re trying to hide something,” Steve can’t help the fondness that slips into his words. He slips an arm around Tony’s shoulder, pulling him close. “What aren’t you telling me?”
“I saved American soldiers. You don’t owe me anything,” the answer comes flat, unassuming.
He can practically hear Natasha rolling her eyes. “Let me try setting you up in a dog park next, Steve. Give Libby her own chance to work out some frustrations.”
“Tony,” Steve lets out a tense breath, doing his best to not think about his ruined date. “I really
Second, try his best not to get attached. He’ll get out of the school soon enough, join the Army together with Bucky. The scholarship was only helpful to help lighten his Ma’s load. Becoming attached would only make his departure more difficult.
“We need a shield, not a sword,” Tony simply answers the unspoken question - a test of allegiance he fails because before he's a Stark, he's
"If you wanted me to go away, you could've told me," Steve grits out. "If you were unhappy with me, you could've told me why."
Because he can already picture the weapons that will be used against Steve - and he feels sick to the core at the thought of Steve's thin arms holding up something larger than him, designed to injure, to kill.
Steve takes it, absently scratching Liberty’s ear. “You really wouldn’t mind?”
That’s easier said than done.
Tony swallows. Small mercies. At least it’s Natasha that he has to break the news to, not Rhodey. She understands at least the desperate need to wipe a ledger, to make up for a lifetime of doing things wrong, and dammit, Tony wants to live. He wants to spend more nights in Steve’s arms and more breakfasts with his mismatched family fighting over pancakes and more hours sitting around in the common floor instead of locking himself away in the labs.
The holotable lights up with an image of a gray cloud, mushroom shaped over the flat dunes of sand.
"Don't act like you didn't enjoy it."
Tony sighs. "JARVIS."
Tony shrugs as best as he can with a cannula in his nose. “Most people say I give myself too much credit.”
Tony isn't going to do any of the last words kind of shit, no matter how much he wants to kiss that frown away. That wouldn't be kind or fair to Steve, not when Steve has a whole life left to fall in love with someone else.
Sarah twists her hands together. "Is Mr. Jarvis alright?"
"I'm sorry," Steve tries to say to Tony - sorry for not being able to protect Tony from Howard, sorry for leaving Tony behind all those years ago at the worst of it, sorry for not being able to wrap up the investigation faster.
His face going through a cartwheel of emotions that Steve barely keeps up with.
Tony wants to say something, anything. To lash out, to hurt Steve so he'll stay away from the ticking time bomb, to hold onto Steve because he has always been Tony's shield, Tony's refuge.
Steve’s eyes dart down, no longer meeting Tony’s gaze. “It wouldn’t have mattered to you.”
Tony wonders distantly whether normal people were as recklessly stubborn as Steve. At this point, Steve most likely believes that Tony is an
, his mind screams again,
“It can be a tiring job.” Stark clears his throat awkwardly, smile lopsided. “And I'm sure pole dancing is equally tiring.” He takes a step back to let a nurse pass between them, then gestures at Steve's uniform, “so, you, uh – thank you for your service, Captain.”
. What’s the use of getting banged up in a flying metal suit when the people he saves can’t eat?
Some seconds of silence pass before Steve hears her sigh.
Three, Steve isn't leaving, so Tony knows he has three minutes and fifty seven seconds to save them all.
Adjusting his suit, Stane gives Steve a smile, then a pat on the shoulder. "We appreciate your hard work, Captain. I'll be in touch."
"Let me in."
There was no disarming the thing: it was meant to be a security measure, an explosive within an explosive, the second one triggered if the first was disabled. Most of the time, Tony hates Hammer. The rest of the time, he
a smart girl,” Tony points out. “She knows who’ll give her dog biscuits.”
The flash of cameras change directions and seats clatter to the floor, the room clearing in a rustle of yells and curses - because right there, three meters away from Tony is a reporter.
Steve's only response it to shrug off his suit jacket, tossing it in the trunk, then he unbuttons his white shirt right
Before Steve can knock, the door opens.
“Hey, Nozzle Head,” she greets Rogers.
, his pager reads.
All he gets is a strange look from Steve. He
How do you let go of the sun once you've let it burn you, mark you?
"My knight in shining armor," Tony teases right back, because maybe - maybe having another person up his alley wouldn't be so bad. He thinks about it for one more moment before he asks, "do you
As if in protest at that, Liberty barks. To his credit, Tony doesn’t step away, standing his ground. He must be used to this as a vet.
"I was never his legacy," Tony hisses, old bitterness seeping back up through the cracks of wounds he isn't sure will ever heal. "He wanted better than me."
“You’re smart,” Tony decides to do this bluntly if Steve won’t react to more diplomatic approaches. “You know going to this school is an opportunity of a lifetime. Why are you trying to get yourself kicked out?”
name the world's first artificial intelligence DUM-E?"
, Rogers?" Was this a ploy to distract Tony from the hell that was his entire body, or did Steve really mean his offer? "I don't put out till the third date," Tony adds for good measure.
"That's it, Tony," Steve coaxes, "I'm here. I won't let anything happen to you."
He had ramped up his efforts to keep watch over Tony after the dreadful years when Bucky had gone missing - no one else should have to fall into HYDRA's hands, least of all Tony.
Another had simply read
“Who are you writing to?”
"It wasn't my secret to tell," his Ma says, putting down her glass of juice with a thud. "But if it helps you to find him, you should know that he gave me this for safekeeping." She reaches into her pocket, fist opening up to reveal an unassuming flashdrive. Black, non-descript.
enough, the thoughts go unsaid.
"What happened to the supersoldier army?"
Ah. That’s why Sam had warned Steve about the ‘family name’.
Not when he had sent Edwin Jarvis away, nor when Steve had driven off.
“You have no proof.”
She nods again. Then, she shrugs. “Not
with her. “We're getting you out too, Tony,” he promises.
“No.”
Tony has had no success hacking into the giant Hydra robots, that are literally and very unwittingly in the shape of a nine-headed monster, each head equipped with far too much firepower.
who you sold your soul to for you to be
' and '
“She's a brilliant young lady,” Stark crosses his arms. Not a sign of annoyance, Steve observes, more of a way for Stark to close himself off, to put some distance.
“Exactly because of what you just said.”
because you have a meeting with the Secretary of State in an hour."
“Besides,” Tony winks, hand patting Steve's arm, “a room has
In the wake of Howard and Maria's death, Tony makes some choices, discoveries, and sacrifices.
dreams tonight.
"Not enough, it seems, to want me around," Steve concludes with finality.
“She works in Natasha's bar? She mentioned you have your lunches there?”
He laughs a small laugh, letting go of Tony's hands. "I
"Sir, are you sure that's healthy?"
“Thank you,” he tells her. Then, to himself, “I can’t draw tonight.”
Not tonight, though. Tony lets out a long breath.
The part of Steve that can still ache hurts for Tony, and more pieces fall into place. Those questions he hadn’t been brave enough to ask were answered by the foreboding black door before him.
friends made sure everyone stayed away from me,” Steve challenges, “and my books aren’t unpacked. Those are the
Each word comes as a blow, a finality feeding the gnawing pit of Tony’s fears, turning them to anger. “When did you know?” he demands.
Sentimental of him, yes, but he couldn't quite bring himself to peel of the stars and stripes Tony had so happily put on him.
"You're not," Steve promises.
"If it takes interns to make millions of dollars worth of weapons to disappear," Peggy raises her brow, remaining seated, back ramrod straight, "I daresay your company has serious need for reform."
vomiting, not just me."
Howard takes another sip of his drink. Stane answers for him. "We understand the gravity of the matter, Agent Carter, and we're asking our most discreet men to investigate it."
"Ugh," Tony groans.
Steve smiles wanly. "America forgets her founding mothers too often. I won't make the same mistake." He takes in her paler than usual skin. "Have you taken your medicine?"
He supposes he wants to find himself again, what he was before he was fully thrust into the spotlight and groomed to become CEO, before alcohol was a familiar taste to burn out the emptiness.
“I guess that’ll do.”
“I’m exactly how you love me.”
’ is a new way of saying thank you.
That is, if -
pretend to care? Tell me, how much is he paying you to report back to him?"
"Three minutes out from the explosion site!" Sam shouts over whirring of the chopper's blades, just loud enough for Steve's enhanced hearing to pick up. Steve gives him a nod, strapping on the last of his gear. Their radars had spotted a large explosion this morning in the vicinity of the location Steve found, and they won't risk anything.
This time, Tony's back shakes with a huff of laughter. “I figured go big or go home.”
Huh. They’re not so bright now.
But Tony just looks out on the busy street that’s decidedly absent of any cabs, and notes, “she picks up on your nervousness around your dates.”
Steve huffs, his breath forming a mist in the late autumn chill. “What do you think I should I do?”
"My Stevie was always made for war, never giving up what he believed was right. If he chose you, then I trust that his heart knows what it believes."
Years of misplaced heartache and unread letters, and here his friend was, as brilliant and kind and maddening as Tony had always been.
"Rhodey," Tony mumbles, the cut on his lip a dark red, "he's not really here is he?"
"I'm sure you have more reasons to love me."
"Are you staying longer?"
Tony keeps his foot on the brakes.
“And yet you finished all your ice cream, Doctor.”
, he tells himself. He can be better than this.
He’d also very much like for Steve’s gift to stay intact. After the small fight they’d had earlier today over protocol and training exercises, Tony doesn’t need Steve to get even more upset when their anniversary rolls up in a week. There’s too many things that he has to do, he can’t handle a falling out with their relationship –
you?" his voice rises higher. Of all the things Steve could have said, of all - Tony wants to slam something, to throw something at him. Because how
make those kinds of wishes.”
But the lawyers don't know he's Captain America, and,
' Sarah had reminded him. Was it really so bad for Tony to want this?
Tony blinks, squinting into the bright white lights.
"Yeah, and he's Peggy's godson. I'm scared of Peggy. I think I could take Howard Stark, though."
"What did she tell you?" Tony prods sullenly, mourning the last of the blueberry pastries. '
stop, frozen in something that seems too close to fear. Which is also not right, because Steve shouldn't have to be afraid.
swing between insufferable and wonderful – ”
He stalks away, and Steve wants to follow, to stop him from exiting his life again. He’s about to stand when –
. There's a gold ring. Simple. Plain. Inlaid with only one stripe of dark sapphire. And there's a folded up piece of paper with Tony's too familiar scrawl.
“Nothing serious,” Tony assures. “But some dirt got into the cut. She’s running a bit of a fever.”
He pulls the blanket over their shoulders, and JARVIS dims the lights for them. They fall into an easy silence, Steve counting the steadiness of Tony’s breaths –
“Ah," Obie sighs, leaning against the worktable behind him. "Finances, boy. I’ve told you: that market’s too different.”
“I don’t need your money, Doctor Stark, just your brains – and maybe a recommendation letter.”
Stars and stripes. Very patriotic.
But he's trusted Steve with so much, it also feels like a long delayed conclusion, a stray puzzle piece settling into place. Some part of his heart would always bear Steve's mark: it was a battle he surrendered to a long time ago.
"We can get to the romance after dessert."
“Half,” Steve admits, feeding Liberty the treats, “don’t worry about it.”
They're barely ten feet away, now, and Tony's squint becomes more pronounced. Steve watches numbly, uncomprehendingly, as Tony adjusts his grip on Rhodey's shoulder. In sync, Rhodey's hand moves around Tony's waist to prop him up.
' and '
But if he calculates the trajectory well enough, he's nearly sure that Steve's serum will heal him quick enough from any burns or bruises.
Even if the protection was against strained reunions.
with a headache from hell.
"And I know you need your rest to recover," Sam chimes in, dragging a chair from outside as Thor holds the door open, "but the emotional and psychological benefits of a meal together outweighs the cost."
He doesn't know what to say next, so he turns around to Bucky, finding there the same shock and confusion. They all knew that sooner or later, a talk had to happen. With the mess that their lives were, he supposes sooner was better. Bucky, however, stayed adamantly against Tony for a few more moments before he gives in.
,” Tony curses him. The anger only serves to make the hurt burn fiercer. “Why didn’t you tell me?”
“You've been spending too much time with Danvers.”
"What choice did you give me?"
His hair is wet.
From the tray, Steve picks up a plastic spoon, but when Tony reaches out to take it, he gets his hand swatted away.
“I thought you were a genius, Doctor Stark,” Steve says, and is Steve
husband.”
“What?”
I don’t moon – ”
The door clicks open.
The bar and his friends here were all well and good – he's endlessly grateful for them, and yet, when Carol flips her phone screen to him, he can't help the silent sigh of wistfulness tinged with annoyance because
wrong on you.”
“And just for that, I’ll pick the blue,” Steve tosses the red jacket on the other side of the bed. If he took it with him, he’d only be thinking about wearing Tony’s color, and that… that is the opposite of what he needs the trip for.
“It's Tony, isn't it?”
Because it will take more than a single firefighter to outdo Tony.
“Work on stopping the fire,” Carol stands firm, between Steve and the burning hospital.
"Because I didn't want the world. He was destroying himself trying to give it to me." Steve bows his head, eyes closed against the memory of those last weeks he had spent with Tony: the empty beds, the way Tony's face would twist at Steve, unhappy and afraid. "He wouldn't listen to me, and I couldn't watch him burn himself any more."
“For what?” Steve asks.
She's holding up her phone, smiling one of her rare smiles. “I'm sending that to Kamala,” she taps on her phone, “and to Carol.”
Groaning, he reaches for the nearest bit of paper. A yellow post it pad.
That was something to hold onto.
Whoever wrongs Tony also wrongs Edwin Jarvis. Steve isn’t any exception, especially when he had cut deeper than most.
“Thank you for the ride home,” Steve says again
,’ Steve had promised, voice low and smiling, and Tony had nipped at Steve’s collarbone in retaliation.
. Steve steps closer. Tony’s eyes flick up and down, uncertain.
Because Steve learns that ‘
He blinks, and oh, that's Natasha on the other side of his bed, forcing him to eat the ice chip. It helps, his throat less like sandpaper.
Maybe this was how they were meant to fit, Steve on the other side of every argument.
of him.
Understanding dawns bright across Tony's face, and Tony's smile softens, lips bitten at the corner as he tries to contain the same excitement bubbling beneath Steve's ribs.
Steve let go of him, having a long close look at him. “Are you?”
“I’m just saying..” Tony shrugged. “She’s cute. And she’s not your neighbor anymore which means it doesn’t get weird if it doesn’t work out.”
“I’m sorry. I should have explained.. I mean, I tried, but it didn’t go so well.” Tony grimaced, making Steve laugh softly. Which was a good sign this time.
Smiling at him, he closed the distance, gently gripping Tony’s shoulders, pulling him in for a deep, lingering kiss.
“Thank you, Pep!”
“I love trash TV?” Steve exclaimed. “Seriously? You are ridiculous. You’re the only reason we have a TV in the first place.” Steve had to pause after every other word because he was laughing so hard, but Tony only pouted and rolled his eyes.
“My vacation house on Plum Island. Before you ask, the island isn’t mine. They wouldn’t sell.” He shrugged before he opened the door. Following him indoors, Steve looked around and felt oddly at home. Asides from being a little smaller, the visible rooms appeared almost identical to Tony’s penthouse.
Steve chuckled. “You really hate these kinds of events, don’t you?”
Even though it didn’t sound like it the way Tony was still laughing, he still believed him. It hadn’t even been a bad date so no harm done.
And there his too fast brain was again, probably ruining the moment. He shouldn’t have said that after just one night. They hadn’t really talked much and he didn’t even know what this whole thing meant for Steve. Sure, Tony didn’t take him for a guy that would have one night stands, but still. He probably wasn’t ready to basically marry Tony already. Going by the time it took Steve to answer, Tony guessed he had successfully managed to kill the mood.
A mild squeeze on his shoulder suggested that Tony wanted him to sit down on the bed, so he sat down and after Tony swiftly got rid of Steve’s shirt, he instantly followed him. Straddling his lap, knees to both sides of Steve’s hip, he brought their lips together again. Tony slowly grazed his bottom lip with his tongue before gently pushing into his mouth just in time with shifting his weight forward. Steve obeyed the silent order and let himself fall back to the bed, taking Tony with him without breaking the kiss.
“What?” Tony watched him curiously before he got it. “Hugging trees?”
Possibility C: the potential partner would just worry about him all the time when he was on missions and Steve would be equally scared that something could happen to them just because they would be associated with him.
“Hey Steve, what’s up? What about your date?”
“Does this..,” Steve trailed off in time with his gaze dropping down to Tony’s lips.
“Don’t.” Tony stood up and with only a few steps he reached Steve, pulling him into his arms. Seeing him like this was just too much, Tony wanted to comfort him more than anything else. “There’s no reason for you to be sorry..”
Right now though she didn’t seem to care about either Tony or Steve, probably trying not to give away that they had just talked about them. But Tony’s sometimes too fast brain was already done making plans: if they wanted rumors they would get rumors. Not that it would be a smart choice considering his kind-of-crush, but he would let Steve in on it and if he was game it maybe was a chance to at least pretend there was something between the two of them. It was a bit selfish and usually Tony couldn’t care less about being egoistic, but then again this was Steve. He still didn’t want to miss the chance to at least have fake something, anything, with him.
Thank you so much for reading and for any kind of feedback, I appreciate ever bookmark, kudo and comment ❤️
about it. Also I wasn’t pining.”
“We’re not talking about that, remember? But I did study the whole time.”
“It’s fine. I’ll just.. go for a run.” He faked a smile that probably looked more like a grimace than anything else, but kept it up. “It’s okay.” And with that he went for the elevator and left Tony standing there, muttering a soft ‘I’m sorry’ that Steve probably only caught because of his enhanced hearing.
He still managed to sound serious when he said, ‘I’m on my way.”
“That was.. insensitive.”
Steve had reached the waistband of Tony’s boxer briefs. He hesitantly kissed his thighs before looking up at Tony, cheeks flushed, eyes a little wide.
“Don’t.. you don’t have to leave.”
Steve raised his hands to cup Tony’s cheeks and pulled him in for a gentle kiss before rolling onto his back. Tony immediately snuggled up to his side.
“Are you trying to tell me Captain America did the hanky-panky with other man?” There was no more irritation in Tony’s voice, he sounded amused instead, making Steve feel a little more confident than just moments ago. Opening his eyes again, he turned his head to face Tony, when he asked, “hey, what’s that supposed to mean? You don’t think I’d be good at that?”
Usually Tony would have laughed and probably even made fun of Steve, telling him he was a prude and whatnot, but for some reason he stayed quiet and they walked the last block in silence. When they reached the tower Steve stopped, looking at Tony. “Thank you. You really were a sight for sore eyes.” He smiled and had apparently recovered from his initial shock so Tony just looked at him expectantly.
Pacing back and forth a few times, Steve finally stopped at the wall opposite the entrance. Just about managing not to bang his head against it, he leaned his forehead against the cool wood, closing his eyes, taking a few deep breaths. This is stupid, he thought, pinching the bridge of his nose. Ready to get back and apologize, he turned around just when he heard footsteps approaching. Stomping through the door was Tony, eyes fixed on him.
Suddenly he somehow didn't seem as confident as he usually was. Was he nervous? Steve side eyed him cautiously so he wouldn’t get caught. Tony still looked relaxed, but like he was lost in thought, he almost came across as shy. Which was usually one of the last words you would use to describe Tony Stark. Before he could dwell on that thought, Tony started speaking again, “But it’s still nice. Problems seem a lot less big when you take a step back. Literally. I like to take walks when everything is a bit too much.”
Tony had already made several comments about the speech, the spokesman and his outfit and Steve had stopped trying to shut him up. But then the guy on stage in his hideous shiny suit announced that something was a, quote, ‘damn good thing’ and Tony could not let that slip. So he leaned over to Steve and whispered not too quiet, “for gosh sake, can’t this guy watch his language.”
Tony groaned and going by the doubtful look on Steve’s face he thought exactly what Tony was thinking. So he made a decision.
Tony was silent for a few moments, before quietly asking, “is it really that bad? Why didn’t Steve tell me?”
They settled into an easy conversation after that. Tony showed him the progress on his latest project and told him about the way he wanted to update the team’s armour and weapons. Steve listened and threw in some ‘aha’ and ‘ok’s here and there but he had become rather quiet. There was something on his mind, but he wasn’t sure how to put it exactly. He nervously wriggled about on his seat, opening his mouth a few times, but didn’t start speaking yet. With a last deep breath he braced himself for the following conversation.
He was everything one could look for in the person to fall in love with, but still Steve couldn’t pinpoint on what was holding him back.
Steve didn’t even try to say anything, until a few minutes later when they landed in front of a house that vaguely reminded Steve of the one Tony had in Malibu.
Tony made an attempt at pushing himself up. “ ‘m sorry, I shouldn..” But Steve interrupted him, a hand gently pressing his body back down against his own. “Don’t be. I was just.. surprised, but I could get used to it as well.” As if to prove his words true he gave Tony a kiss on the hair before tightening the grip around him.
Sighing audibly, Tony whispered, “I hope so.” And then a little louder, “Thank you, Tasha!”
Only a second later he leaned down to briefly kiss Steve before sinking to his knees. Steve’s eyes widened and he had barely enough time to let out a shaky breath before Tony’s mouth was on his dick. Now it was Steve’s turn to stare. The sight of Tony’s lips beautifully stretched around him, pink and wet, was almost too much, even though he wanted so much more of it at the same time. Only a moment later his staring was interrupted. His eyes flattered shut when Tony scraped his teeth along his length and
“No, it's not. It’s just a tiny little detail that maybe might have been a little altered. To our mutual advantage, I might add.” Tony shrugged. “Besides I just couldn’t figure out how to get close to you,” he pouted.
“No way. They asked for a
He caressed Steve’s thighs, giving him some time, until he crawled up, laying down next to him. He looked for any sign that he was about to freak out. This had been his first time with another man after all. Even though Tony wanted to kiss him  he decided to wait, give him a few more moments to calm down. Besides he wasn’t sure how fond he would be of being kissed by someone who just sucked him off. But as it turned out, Tony’s concerns were without reason because Steve took his face in his hands and pressed their lips together. He moved until he was on top of Tony, braced on one hand, tracing Tony’s chest with the other.
With that Tony’s upcoming anger was gone. He stopped everything he was doing, stood absolutely still, didn’t make a sound and didn’t even breath for a few seconds. It wasn’t like he hadn’t thought about this before, but the words hit him with so much force that he wasn’t able to do anything. She was right. Whenever Tony so much as thought about losing Steve he got anxious. Because he loved him. Why was he realizing this only now?
Tony's good mood vanished when his anxiety came back, a lump forming in his throat when he realized what kind of conversation they were about to have. A light blush spread across his cheeks. “This would be.. our first date. If you’re okay with it, of course.”
Steve just watched him for a few moments and even if he would’ve tried, Tony couldn’t guess what was going through his head.
Steve sighed, he probably already regretted this. “Sounds fun.”
When Tony looked up, he winked at him.
Steve didn’t move, he didn’t want to go like this. The conflict of disappointing one of the most important people in his life no matter what he did paralysed him. But Tony made a decision for him by screaming, “GO!”
“Oh come on, Stark. You two have been pining for each other for months. Had I known it would only take sharing a bed for you to finally act on it, I would’ve made sure this would’ve happened long ago. Anyway, first both of you were as happy as can be and now the both of you are moping. Hence you finally got your shit together and then lost it when you broke it off again.”
“What if I told you I’d make pancakes? With blueberries?”
“Well, guess we’re even.” With that he carried Tony through the apartment, while he only rolled his eyes in a very fond, not really annoyed way.
He had wanted to be a little more subtle, he really had But somehow his mouth decided against it. Not that it was unusual for him to speak his mind, but he actually hadn’t wanted to basically scream ‘I love you’ at Steve. But what was done was done and now he had to bear Steve’s reaction. Which was pretty much non-existent right now. He just looked at him, eyes a little wider than usual, but other than that there wasn’t even an indicator that he had heard Tony.
“The real reason? I just told you what he said,” he told her a little on edge already.
“Thank you.” Tony rolled his eyes. “I’m kinda stuck on..-”
Tony scratched his neck. “Yeah, I guess.”
a first date. Everything else is just semantics.”
After another few seconds of watching him, Steve replied, “it just.. calms me. When my other senses become more awake, my thoughts pause. At least for a while.”
Steve crouched down, seating himself on the armrest, bringing his hand up to fondle Tony’s nape.
“Yeah, sure.”
“He does, doesn’t he?” Steve smiled a little, but he still felt the need to clarify, “As I said... this doesn’t have to mean anything. I just wanted to let you know that I want to stop with the dates and I wanted.. to be honest.”
Tony started walking towards him. He had stopped dead in his tracks when he had caught sight of Steve and had just stared at him. It’s a wonder that he had remembered to breath.
“Look, what I was trying to say was that it was just a big misunderstanding. I talked to Tasha and kinda accidently found out. I thought you were uncomfortable, because I almost kissed you, which I really, really wanted by the way. And I felt so stupid because I didn’t want to destroy our friendship but then I did. That’s what I thought at least. Then Tasha tells me that you thought
Tony took another calming breath, his eyes fixed on Steve. “The way you care about people and just the way you are is why I fell for you in the first place. Why I’m.. in love with you.”
Later, when they laid next to each other, still panting, enjoying the afterwaves of their orgasmns, slowly coming back to, a heaviness settled in Steve’s chest. Nervousness clutched his stomach, anxiety announcing itself when his thoughts from earlier returned. He glanced at Tony who was on his side, body slack, face buried in a pillow while he still breathed a little heavier than what was normal. A small, content smile played at his lips, his dark curls all over the place and he looked absolutely beautiful. Tony would probably laugh at him for thinking something so cheesy, but he couldn’t care less, because it was true. Right there, right then Tony was nothing short of perfect to him. And if that thought alone wasn’t enough to put his stomach in knots, it was the almost irresistible urge to reach out and touch him. He wanted to roll over, hug Tony to his chest and bury his face in the crook of his neck. But he was pretty sure Tony wouldn’t be up for that, so before Steve could do something stupid, he all but jumped out of the bed, stumbling for a second before grabbing his clothes and hastily throwing them on.
“I understand, but still, you can call me anytime.. It was nice to hear from you, Tony.”
Eyes opening wide in panic, Steve hastily shifted until only his side was pressed to the tree, one arm behind the wood, the other propped on his hip. Crossing his legs in a hopefully casual way, he forced a smile to his lips and looked up.
He didn’t know if Steve was really that dense or if he just wanted to him to say it, but it was the excact moment Tony told himself ‘fuck this’ and ‘just go for it’.
He didn’t think anyone had noticed his nocturnal visits to the communal area, but it somehow made sense since Tony often worked until early mornings or didn’t sleep at all. But Steve knew there was actually a question in his statement, so he suggested, "well.. I just can't seem to stop thinking."
“Of course, I’m..”
He put on a smile that felt, and hopefully looked, convincing enough. Not Tony and definitely not Natasha but the others should have bought it.
“Yeah, about that..,” Tony started, but hadn’t really thought about what to say.
Their kiss was whether chaste nor reserved, it rather felt as if they had been kissing each other for the umptheenth time. Their lips moving in a mutual rhythm, their tongues licking at their lips, their heads tilted at just the right angle. Tony found himself thinking that it was a perfect kiss. Which made him actually realise that they were kissing. He had kissed Steve, and he kissed him back. He smiled into the kiss and when they broke apart, his smile had grown into a big grin. They didn’t move apart, holding each other close, smiling at each other, when Tony broke the silence, “well, it started out as rumor, but I’m not mad if  tonight it comes true.”
“I didn’t. And you didn’t,” Steve argued, darting a pointed look at him, but not without a small smirk.
Only a few minutes later a soft ‘Tony?” was heard.
Pepper had been quiet, she probably knew that Tony needed a minute, but when she continued she spoke just as gentle as before. “Tony, you need to trust him. You know he wouldn’t hurt you. But you know how much he cares about his best friend and Bucky has been in a dark place. Steve is worried about him. He lost him once. What do you think would happen if he’d lose him again?”
“When hugging a tree, the hormones Serotonin and Dopamine make you feel happier. It also increases the level of Oxytocin,” Steve quoted what he once read about it as best as he could remember. “I don’t think I have to tell you that Oxytocin is responsible for feeling calm.”
“Who did break what off?” He asked, still confused.
“Maybe we should.” No matter how surprised Tony was, he would never not backtalk.
she is right, and I kinda hope so or else I’m gonna make a total fool out of myself, you kinda have feelings for me. And after learning about that, I realized that I might, you know.. feel the same way?!” It was more of a question towards the end, but Tony didn’t care. It was hard enough to even talk about it and he knew Steve wouldn’t judge him for any insecurities. But when Steve opened his mouth, Tony cut him off. He wanted to get it off his chest completely, before hearing what the other had to say.
Tony also poured himself a cup of coffee without really paying attention to his fellow Avengers. He was working on something important and didn’t want to waste any time, so he was almost on his way back to his workshop when Steve entered the kitchen. He was wearing sweatpants and one of those ridiculous tight t-shirts that never failed to distract Tony. As so often he could only stare at him, but he still managed to remember his plan, so he smiled and greeted him, “hey Sweet Pea.”
“Tony!”
“Maybe.. don’t tell anybody about it?” He said nevertheless, but Tony just started laughing again after he had calmed down even just a little.
And he had really believed it was true, had really thought this would be just over after he would've told Tony. Sure, he would've liked for Tony to tell him he liked him too, but he really thought he could live with whatever answer he'd get. He had been wrong, oh so wrong.  But he never even once considered that he would feel like this. Like losing the ground under his feet, like his lungs couldn't breathe properly.
With that thought he fastened a black bow tie, threw on his matching black jacket and cast a last glance at the mirror. He looked decent, good actually. If Steved looked even half as good as him, the evening would be pretty hard to survive. He laughed a little at his choice of words. He really needed to get going, he shouldn’t be alone with his thoughts any longer.
Since his other plans were even more stupid, he decided to just be upfront and ask Steve to meet him, guessing that was the best shot that he got.
Tony parked the car, but when he got out, he caught sight of a confused look on Steve’s face.
“May I?”
Before he could even think about it, he raised his hand and slapped Steve’s ass. And maybe, just maybe, he shouldn’t have done that. Not only because literally everyone stared at him. All of them wore looks on their faces that could only be described as irritated. But Steve wasn’t only irritated or confused, he was all eyes and he appeared to be in absolute disbelief. He probably didn’t expect that and to be honest, neither did Tony.
Tony watched him for a moment before he turned around and started walking. After only a few steps he stopped and looked back over his shoulder. Smiling, he nodded his head in the general direction he’d walked. It took Steve a few seconds until he realized that Tony apparently wanted him to follow him.
Tony smiled at him as soon as he set foot into the room. “Steve!” he exclaimed as if they hadn’t seen each other for days and Steve startled at his name. The times when Tony wouldn’t use his name were long over, but he still usually called him ‘Cap’ or various variations of it, rarely calling him Steve. It felt.. good, familiar and kind of thrilling hearing him say his name. But Steve definitely shouldn’t think about it too hard, so he tried to dodge it.
“God, no. We try to lay low, talk to as few people as possible and get out of there as soon as possible.”
He should have known. There were certain things you could only lie to yourself about for so long and apparently having a crush on Tony Stark was one of them. Not that he had ever thought about it in terms of a crush or in any form, really, but unfortunately there was no denying it anymore. Of course he had noticed how attractive Tony was, it took him about 2 seconds when he had first met him. But that’s just.. looks. And most people found several other people attractive, right? But then Tony had proceeded to amaze him on so many other levels that were way more important than appearance. Even through all their disagreements, Steve had always understood his angle, he always fought for fairness and for what he thought was right, just like Steve himself. He was a genius, but without rubbing it under your nose. He was a billionaire, but without being greedy, always giving much more than he had to. He was an asshole sometimes, to be honest, but never with the intent of hurting anybody. He was.. just so much more than most people could see and the fact that Steve could go on with this list about great things about Tony probably already said enough.
He didn’t really know where this impuls had come from, but Steve had looked so miserable and he had the urge to stand up for him. Somehow he had thought it unfair that she had gotten the chance to go out with Steve of all people and all she had done was make him uncomfortable. He really deserved better.
“You definitely should.”
“I really hated you with your shield and your uniform and your stupid smile and perfect ass..” Tony looked up at him. “But right from the start, I guess.”
“You ready to go?”
“No! Yes.. Listen.. You wanna sit down, maybe?”
Lost in thought, Steve had been quiet and was reminded that he didn’t answer when Tony shifted a little next to him. He closed his eyes, even though he couldn’t see much anyway, but if he really was going to make this suggestion it somehow felt safer with his eyes closed.
Out of the corner of his eye he saw Banner and Romanoff exchanging looks, but his attention was mostly on Steve. He had stopped at Tony’s words, his eyebrows were knitted, he obviously was confused by the pet name. Maybe it was too much? Should he have gone with ‘Big guy’, as he did sometimes? Tony started to worry, but just when he was about to say something, Steve greeted him, “hey.. Tony.” His tone was slightly quizzically and his smile seemed rather forced, but at least he didn’t question Tony’s choice of words. With a quick look at the others and a nod, Steve added, “Natasha, Bruce.”
When Tony chuckled at his joke, Steve’s smile grew wider as if he had just wanted to lighten the mood before he would continue.
At first he had been too blind to see, too oblivious to his own feelings or maybe just too ignorant. It didn’t matter because at some point he finally started to notice that he always wanted to be around Tony, liked to spend time with him. Of course he did, they were friends, he had told himself. But it hadn’t stopped there, he became aware of how much he enjoyed it whenever Tony touched him: a pat on the back here, a kiss on the cheek there. Steve had felt like he was set on fire every single time. Conversely he had started to search for excuses to initiate contact as well. He had also begun to really
Pepper would probably call in approximately ten minutes, yelling at him, but not even that thought could temper his delight of finally getting out of this meeting.
“I know you’re not. You’ve had dinner reservations and I saw Steve leave alone. You sound sulky, what happened?”
“Has anyone noticed what’s going on between Stark and Rogers?”
He was barely aware of the reactions they got, because he was too busy shamelessly staring at Steve. He was actually really beautiful with those piercing blue eyes and unbelievably soft looking hair. Tony wondered about the real reason why he didn’t have a girlfriend. Was there even a woman on this planet who wouldn't want to date him? And from personal experience Tony knew that even men weren’t immune to the charms of Captain America.
“Why? Like.. why? Just.. How can a gerbil be the first thing you think of when you’re asked for something a doctor pulls out of a person?”
"Then I’d be at least a little surprised.”
“Go to work already then. I was promised pancakes. Hush.”
It wasn’t even an hour ago when the QuinJet had landed on a farm that turned out to be Clint’s home, revealing not only that but also his wife and children nobody had known about. It had been a surprise to everyone but Natasha but they had been way too exhausted to actually care too much about it. Thankfully the number of casualties had been virtually zero, but the destruction to the city was a whole different thing. And even though most of the New Yorkers celebrated the Avengers as heros, enough people were out of sorts with them, causing Hill to order them to stay off the radar for a few days. That had been when Clint suggested he’d know a safe house, landed the QuinJet on his farm and introduced them to his family. With it being late in the night already Tony and Steve had taken turns showering and went straight to bed. They had tried to, at least. It took some time until they had managed to arrange themselves so they didn’t touch too much or were about to fall off the bed. It wasn’t as awkward as Steve thought it would be, probably because they were too tired to even care. Steve shifted the tiniest bit to get a tad more comfortable when Tony suddenly yanked up his arms, probably covering his face while groaning. “This is stupid. Why am I even in bed? As if I could sleep.”
When he entered the room briefly after the conversation ended, Banner was pouring himself a cup of coffee with Natasha leaning on the counter, talking about what seemed to be their plan for the evening. Nothing indicated that only seconds ago they talked about Steve and Tony and what was ‘going on between them’. Whatever that would be. Not that Tony wasn’t aware that he was a bit too obvious sometimes. But have you seen Rogers? That guy was distracting. Distracting enough to forget that it wasn’t appropriate to stare at him, or his ass, when everybody was watching. He still hadn’t thought anyone would pick up on it, but he should’ve minded that Romanoff was a damn good spy. Of course she would notice. Especially because she was kind of protective of Steve.
“Heard that!” Barton's voice faded, he was probably walking away.
Chuckling, Steve held up the mug. “Haven’t seen you in a while, thought you might need a break.”
A few hours later, Tony decided that he needed at least 5 cups of coffee. So he left his workshop for the first time since he started working after breakfast. He had no clue what time it was, but when he arrived in the kitchen and almost everybody was there, he assumed that they just had dinner. Nobody told him, but they knew better than to talk to him when he was nowhere to be seen the whole day. He wasn’t hungry anyway, these days coffee and chocolate were his fuels of choice.
“I’m sorry,” Steve whispered as he passed Tony.
Staring at her wide-eyed, Tony opened his mouth to say something. Then closed it, before opening it again. So much for not talking about his feelings. He thought about every situation that included the three of them, when could he possibly have been giving it away?
“But.. You did have fun as well, didn’t you?” Did Tony have to pout at him to get his way?
"Mmh, tell me about it,” Tony sighed, serious for a moment, before he asked, “but you know what would make you stop thinking?"
That was until Tony walked into the communal kitchen on day five or six. The world could’ve stopped and Steve wouldn’t have noticed because all he could see was Tony. The way his hair looked even messier than usual, his shoulders sagged and his eyes, his beautiful brown eyes seemed tired and.. kind of sad?
There was rustling and Steve was sure that Tony turned his head in his direction. Then there was a brief pause until Tony spoke. “You..? Did you just..?”
Steve chuckled, shaking his head. “Yeah.. no.”
Did he just imply what Tony thought he was implying? Could he really have some kind of feelings for him? For him there was only one way to find out.
This time there was a pause, filling the small space between them with silence. This was probably the moment they would decide to forget that they had ever talked about this. At least that’s what Steve thought until Tony started speaking, “so.. uhm.. Does the offer still stand?" Tony sounded sheepish, even though his voice was a little rough and the realization of what that meant sent a shiver down Steve’s spine. Clearing his throat and attempting to sound casual he said, "yeah.. okay. Sure."
It had been months of Steve and Tony tiptoeing around each other. Which had started out with Tony stepping up their banter game by making even more innuendos than usual. Then there had been looks and touches, both of them always carefully testing the waters. Even though it had been apparent to everyone, Natasha had called them out on it more than once, they still kept dancing around each other since none of them was certain enough to really say something. Until a few hours ago when Steve had kept him company in the workshop and Tony just couldn’t take it anymore. In the midst of their conversation that he had long stopped following, he had kissed Steve. And even though it hadn’t been too surprising, Tony was still glad when Steve kissed him back. The kiss had been rather clumsy with their teeth clashing together, but both of them seemed content, smiling happily at each other, when they broke apart shortly after.
“You’re a genius, Tony, you’re never wrong,” he all but whispered, so soft that Tony almost didn’t hear him, but still making him smile.
Not that he had been mad at any point, but if he were, Steve would be caving in now at the latest.
Steve shook his head, laughing. “Seriously? I might need to reconsider this whole thing.”
“Tony..,” Steve paused for a moment. “I don’t.. I.. haven’t done this before.” His cheeks turned slightly redder than they had been from their kissing. Tony cupped his face, smiling at him. “Don’t worry.” He kissed him again, a little longer this time. Reassuring, as he hoped. “Just lay down and relax. We’re starting off easy. We don’t have to do anything you don’t want.”
“I trust you.”
Letting his hands travel over Steve’s lower back, Tony briefly kissed him back before moving on to nuzzle at his jaw. Steve tilted his head for better access, which earned him a soft chuckle and smoothed his hands down Tony’s arms. When he reached his wrists, he moved to his waist, letting his hands slide under Tony’s shirt. His skin was silk and warm and Steve took his time exploring as much of it as possible while pushing up the fabric before he finally grabbed for the hem, pulling the shirt over his head before continuing his way with his hands.
“I’m sorry, Tony. I really am. But you know I gotta do this. I couldn’t forgive myself, if..,” Steve trailed off. He didn’t even want to think about it.
Tony pulled him in again, hugging him tight, his hands stroking Steve’s back. Apparently this was just what Steve needed right now, because he held on just as firm.
It wasn’t even midnight when Tony got home from the bar, which was pretty early considering it was a Friday night. Then again he hadn’t even felt like going at all and only gave in because Natasha would have kept bugging him until he would have finally agreed to join them anyway. There was no escape when she was involved. Or, well, apparently there was, since his roommate had been able to convince her to let him stay home. Maybe Tony’s excuses just weren’t good enough.
After Steve had paid and they had left the café Lincoln was the first to speak. “So, you want to do this again sometime?”
"I wouldn't mind the company. Just.. you know, for the future."
The whole scenario kind of reminded Steve of his days in the Army. When you shared barracks with eleven other men or crouched in foxholes with your comrade pressed against you for hours, privacy was a very rare luxury. Since living like sardines in a tin wasn’t exactly new, it hadn’t taken long for Steve to get used to the confined spaces. What had been a little more awkward at first was finding out that nobody cared about the lack of privacy. Walking in on someone jerking off the first time, Steve had thought it was an accident, but it didn’t take long to realize that it was rather the opposite. In the shower, in the bed or foxhole next to you, wherever you looked it had felt like you always found someone getting off. No matter if they had too much time and therefore needed entertainment or if they were in the field and someone squeezed in a quick combat jack. Occasionally, and that had been the strangest for Steve, some soldiers even gave hand jobs to each other. To Steve it hadn’t been weird because he was opposed to the fact that it was to men in sexual contact, he didn’t mind one bit, he just wasn’t used to it. Being openly homosexual wasn’t something you wanted to be in the 40’s, but Steve never thought about it that way. In his mind liking men or women or both had never really been important, because what mattered was the person you liked, not their gender. Admittedly it was also about attraction and he definitely had been attracted to one man or another. Anyway after his initial astonishment he had to agree that sometimes, after being away from home too long, it was a welcome change to feel another hand on your dick than your own.
“Close enough, but that was yesterday.”
“Could get used to waking up like this.”
Steve took a deep breath before answering, apparently he wasn’t as sure as Tony was. “Yeah, but you..”
The next few days were no different, they joked, bickered and discussed their mission plans a once over just like they always did. There was no mention of the first night and no repetition. There wouldn’t even have been a chance to do it again, since their sleep schedules didn’t overlap, but Steve was assured that it had been a one-time thing anyway. Even though now that he did think about it and was at least partially prepared for what would be to come, he wasn’t opposed to the idea of repeating it.
“Thank you for bringing me here. Think we could stay here a little longer?” Steve asked as he put his arm around Tony.
It has been almost two weeks after the fall out, as he liked to call it. They probably had it coming the way Steve and Tony never seemed to agree on anything. But after the initial dissesions, it didn’t take too long until Cap had taken over everything. Tony never wanted to be a leader, but the way Cap questioned his every move had driven him crazy. Until their argument had escalated and suddenly there was no turning back. While Steve and the other Avengers stayed at the Compound, Tony went back to the tower. Even though everyone had tried to persuade him to stay, he needed to get away from them. From Steve.
Once they were clean and somewhat dry, Tony made his way to the door, but Steve grasped his wrist and pulled him back against his chest. When he looked up, Steve briefly kissed him before he grabbed Tony’s butt and lifted him up in one swift motion. Instantly putting his arms and legs around Steve’s body, Tony snickered. “Thanks for the heads up.” He tried to sound serious, but the laugh in his voice was still very distinct.
A little sulky, Tony ditched the stranger and made his way to the table. Steve followed suit and took the chair next to him, his grin a bit too big for Tony’s liking. “So Anthony. Bruce only is a genius
"Steve. I.. I mean it, I like you, but.. I.. We.." he trailed off, sighing, lowering his gaze. And that was when Steve really wanted to run, he just knew what was to come. He had to stop himself from suggesting a reply, forcing himself to hear the words coming from Tony himself even though he already knew what he was going to say.
“What?” Steve asked, a little confused.
“Yeah..,” he whispered, almost ashamed to talk about it. “I’m really sorry about that, I just couldn’t.. Wait, What?”
Wise decision not to leave the room when Nat, who always slept with one eye open and Clint, who probably would kill everyone as much as looking at his family, were next door. Even though Steve had to admit that a nightcap or a little snack did sound good. Not that Scotch would help him in any way, but having a distraction, even if it was just a small one, sometimes helped him stop thinking. But for obvious reasons there was only one option.
“You’re ready to cash in your favor for this?”
He wasn’t desperate for a partner and he definitely didn’t want to try any kind of online dating website or whatever Tony had suggested. He had been old-school and had asked out people he met at the coffee shop or the library. But he just hadn’t hit it off with anyone. To say nothing of finding out that at least half the people going on dates just wanted to have sex instead of searching for potential partners. So much for settling in in the 21st century.
“Are you gonna break up with me?” Tony tried with a joke, but Steve shot him down with just a look. This wasn’t good.
“Excuse me, Mr. Stark, Mr. Rogers. Would it be okay to take a picture of you?”
He pressed the heels of his hands onto his eyes until everything went pitch dark and groaned again. Only this time the noise turned into a yawn. Even if it wasn’t that late, it was time to go to sleep, he supposed. Dragging himself to his room, he flopped onto his bed and didn’t even bother to cover himself with a blanket. This time sleep came faster. Probably because Tony had been awake for almost 36 hours and was downright exhausted. If it wasn't for that he would sleep as little as last night, that was for sure.
Opening his eyes again, his gaze landed on Tony who was still fast asleep. Sprawled all over his half of the mattress, his face hidden in the pillow, one arm and one leg hanging from the edge as he was snoring softly. Silently laughing at the image, Steve shook his head before he carefully climbed out of bed so he wouldn't wake the other. Maybe he could get in another hour or two before Steve would need to shower after his morning run.
Steve shifted closer until he was pressed against Tony from leg to shoulder, carefully reaching out his arm, after folding back the blanket. Placing his hand on Tony’s abdomen he slowly moved further down until he reached the waistband of his boxer briefs, but before he could continue his way Tony lifted his hips and pulled down his underwear. With that barrier gone Steve went straight for his dick. Surprised to find him that hard already he closed his fist around it, instantly starting to move.
. I.. enjoyed it, but I think we should stop.” He felt his cheeks heating, but forced himself to look at Tony, who was watching him pensively, brows furrowed. When he didn’t say anything, Steve resumed talking or rather babbling, “it’s just.. it’s not about you or anything. I.. I enjoyed it, it’s just..”
Tony leaned down and kissed him again, slow and soft. Just when he was about to pull back, Steve rolled onto his back, pulling Tony with him until he was half on top of him. He cupped Tony’s face, stroking his cheeks with his thumbs. Their kisses were rather sleepy and calm, but perfect in every way. They’d had the slightly clumsy first kiss, even though they had somehow been pretty good at it from the start. Then they'd had a few more exploring kisses before the passionate and rather urgents ones. But right now Tony was more than content with the fact that Steve was still here,
He smoothed his hands over the collar he was still holding. “I’m not sure if you’d believe my words, we both know I don’t have the best reputation. But I’d be glad to show you that this is not a one-time thing for me.”
“Yeah,” she said, still a little confused apparently. “That’s what he told me. He almost kissed you even though he knew you weren’t interested in him and that’s..” - “Wait, wait, wait. Stop!
“But that’s not all, right? I’m here for you, so what’s up?”
“Well..,” Tony said, sounding a little sheepish. “I couldn't sleep and then I thought about all those things I could do instead, like working or drinking or you know.. having sex. And now I'm kinda.. horny?"
While he stepped back, letting Steve into his flat, it was his turn to watch him closely. “I’m fine, Steve. What’s up?”
Tony leaned his head on Steve’s chest, causing Steve to instantly put his arms around him, hugging him tight. For a few moments both of them just enjoyed the water washing over them. When Tony raised his head again, Steve’s eyes were still closed, but a small smile played at his lips.
“Naaah, don’t need a break, my productivity is directly proportional to my lack of sleep. I’m fine.”
Steve laughed softly before yawning as well.
The disappointment was within a limit since he didn’t really cherish any hope, or tried to at least. It was rather some kind of hurt, realizing that his feelings were one-sided. Knowing that whatever future he thought he’d might have won’t happen. Not with Tony and probably not with anyone else. He hadn’t even admitted to himself until now, but Steve had never felt so close to anyone but Tony, never had feelings so strong.
“Hey, can I use your phone? I wanna shoot Pepper a text how it’s going.” Tony figured it would be smarter to not use his own phone because he was like 99% sure that Pepper would instantly call him, asking if he behaved well enough and wasn’t too drunk and who knew what else.
“Changed your mind?” Tony’s voice interrupted his thoughts, tone tender while his eyes tentatively searched for Steve’s. And even though Steve had never precisely thought about it like that, this was the moment he fell in love with Tony even more.
“I’m sure, Tony.” She rolled her eyes. “You can’t even imagine how often I heard about it the past few days.”
Tony grinned at him. “Nothing too wild. Just trust me and follow my lead.”
much power, but he couldn’t help but feel a little disappointed when it did nothing for his situation. Putting his cup into the sink, he leaned against the counter and covered his eyes with his free hand before pinching the bridge of his nose.
“I can protect myself, I wear a suit of armour,” Tony cut in firmly, but not as harsh as he would moments ago.
“What?” There was rustling as Steve probably sat up. “Tony, is everything okay?”
Steve kissed his head. He was sure Tony knew what he had meant. “How long?”
When Steve woke up the next morning it took him a minute to realize where he was and how he got there. And even though he remembered that he was at Clint’s as well as why he was there, he was a little surprised to find Tony in bed next to him as he opened his eyes. That was when he
Possibility B: as soon as the potential partner would figure out how much they would be in the public eye because their boyfriend was Captain America and of course how often he would be away on missions, they would break up with him. Also no further explanation needed.
and it got me thinking. He wasn’t sassy and definitely not sarcastic enough and I’m actually not really into blondes..”
“Nat said to tell you you’re a party pooper,” Tony said, making his way to the fridge to grab a bottle of water.
“So, uhm, I feel like I have to say this. You know I’m a mess, but I really wanna give this a shot. So what’d you say? Let's just.. see how it'll go?”
When their lips parted, they stayed completely still otherwise, enjoying the closeness, until Steve took Tony’s hand, pulling him with him. “C’mere.”
“Morning?” Tony said tentatively, more of a question than anything else.
“Now that you mention it.. I don’t think so,” Tony deadpanned, making Steve chuckle.
“You had no right to bench me for every other mission. You always said we’d be equal, but we never were. You know I never wanted to be a leader, but that doesn't mean that I can’t be trusted. But still you never trusted me. You watched my every step, questioned every decision I made.” He had yelled, but knew that the hurt in his voice was still distinct and right now he couldn’t care less. Steve should know how much it had pained him to know that he wasn’t good enough for him. For his so-called friend.
After only a few more moments Steve started breathing fitfully, indicating that he was close. Since Tony wasn’t sure if Steve was ready to come in his mouth he added a hand, jerking the base of his dick. Just in time with Steve croaking his name, Tony raised his head, releasing Steve’s dick. Steve’s head was thrown back, his eyes closed. Tony watched him closely while stroking him in a fast motion until Steve came all over his hand only a few more jerks later.
“That was kinda the whole point,” Tony just about managed to answer with a chuckle right before he felt Steve’s lips against his own.
Keeping his gaze on Tony's eyes, Steve could read amusement in them when he said, "Well, I like you, too. We're frien-' He cut himself short and the amusement was replaced with something else, something serious Steve couldn't read completely, when he presumably understood what Steve was really saying.
“Well,” Tony drew out the word. “I know you did once.”
They fell silent after that, which wasn’t unusual, but it didn’t feel as comfortable as it normally did. Just when he couldn’t stand it any longer, he turned to face Tony, opening his mouth to get out what he wanted to say only to find his lips covered by Tony’s. Closing his eyes immediately at the contact, he kissed him back and he would definitely be lying if he would say it didn’t cause him to doubt his decision.
Steve needed some time to process what Tony was trying to tell him. Or rather to figure out if Tony was telling him what he thought he was telling him. But most of all he needed Tony to get dry so he wouldn’t die of pneumonia.
“Hmm?”
He lowered his gaze when he passed Steve, but almost whispered, “it’s good to see you, Steve.”
close they were. Their faces were only inches apart and Tony was looking directly into those damn blue eyes, running the risk of getting lost in them. Steve’s arm was still on his shoulder, heavy and warm and Tony was painfully aware of it. They had been close before, sure, but this was different. None of them made any noise, Tony wasn’t even sure if they were still breathing, the only sound he could hear was his rapidly beating heart. After a few long seconds, almost by itself, his body slowly moved forward, his gaze flickering from Steve’s eyes to his lips. Something in the back of his mind was trying to tell him to stop and maybe it was the residual alcohol, but he couldn't bring himself to care. He could even swear that Steve was leaning in as well. That was it, he thought, he was going for it. He was going to kiss Steve.
Steve Rogers and she screwed up big time. Tony would kick himself if he let such an opportunity slip.
Steve looked at him pointedly. “Tony! I know her name because she turned out to be a SHIELD agent who was observing me. That’s why she was my neighbour.”
Tony didn’t need a second invitation and reached for the soap after stealing another brief kiss.
pouring, but there was no turning back now.
The mission wasn’t too demanding. Apparently a few Chitauri had somehow survived and were about to paint the town. Nothing indicated that there would be more of them or that they had caused any bigger problem. Not that the battlefield was a fitting location to talk about what had happened, but it didn’t stop Tony from trying to pull Steve aside. But of course they wouldn’t even be undisturbed during an ongoing battle against some alien species. Figured.
He gave the bow tie another jerk while he made his way to the bedroom and Steve didn’t seem like he actually needed reconsidering because he followed him without hesitation.
“Nope, it didn’t. But it wasn’t bad either,” he answered Tony’s question, because of course he would know which Disney movie was his favorite. Damn his attentiveness.
Without even knowing why Steve was calling he left the room. Of course nobody approved him leaving, but Tony didn’t care and was glad to escape that madness.
“What are you doing?” He heard himself say, voice hoarse and he didn’t know why he even asked. At this point he couldn’t care less as long as Tony didn’t stop.
“Okay, so what’s your answer then? What’s something a doctor pulls out of a person?”
“Tony, please. You have to get me outta here..”
from accounting, right?”
The New York City lights in the background, holding on tight, kissing Steve after he had just told him that he loved him, Tony figured this was the most perfect moment.
Steve liked his loud and forward nature, that’s just who he was and even though it was one of the reasons they fought as much as they did, he still liked it about him. But seeing him quiet and at ease like that was new and kind of exciting, if Steve was honest.
“So, what about Phil? He’d marry you in a heartbeat.”
Tony looked at the tablet that just lit up and showed the security footage from the elevator. “Thanks, J.”
Initially he wanted to distract from his confession, but when he said it, he realized that he actually really just wanted to kiss Steve. He still was a little surprised when Steve gently smiled at him. And even though he was blushing, he closed the distance between them and gently pressed his lips to Tony’s without hesitating.
“Well.. maybe I kinda.. liked it?” So much for revealing anything.
“Not that it matters or that it’s any of my business, but I think you would make a great couple, to be honest.”
Steve chuckled. “Morning, Honey.”
and the way they were snuggled up.
Unable to speak, Steve softly shook his head. Rather than answering, Tony slowly moved forward until Steve’s eyes were wide with realization. And then he felt Tony’s breath on his lips before his mouth grazed his. Their lips barely met in only a touch of a kiss and Steve's eyes fluttered shut. When they parted, he opened them again to find Tony watching him sheepishly. “You could just hug me, you know?”
Steve exhaled, probably pretty audible, but he was too relieved by Tony’s reaction. He hadn’t told many people about this and he was really thankful that so far everyone had been at ease with the information. Still Steve guessed he didn’t look as relieved as he felt or maybe it just took too long for him to say something, because Tony started speaking again, “and just for the record, Steve. That’s totally fine, you don’t have to be ashamed or anything.”
Tony hummed. If in approval or to let him know he listened, Steve didn’t know. They continued to walk in silence, until Tony spoke again. “It’s the same for me. Kinda. I mean my brain doesn’t do pauses with.. you know..”
“About that..,” Steve paused, taking a deep breath.
So he tried to avoid Tony next, but living in the same building wasn’t really helping. The more he wanted to not meet him, the more they bumped into each other as it seemed.
“Apparently.”
Tony gasped and knowing what was to come, Steve rolled his eyes. “Did you just swear?”
Steve snorted. "As if you didn't wait for me to enter the elevator for the past ten minutes. But still, hello JARVIS."
Steve didn’t waste any time stepping away from the table. With a brief look at Tiffany he excused himself, “Sorry, I really have to go.”
“I know, I kinda miss him.” This time it was Tony who sighed. He didn’t plan on telling Natasha about his feelings, but it was the truth. It had only been a few days, but he just missed Steve.
Tony was on his way to their shared kitchen but stopped in the hallway when he overheard a conversation in which Natasha mentioned his name.
“I’m fine, Steve. I really am. I’m sorry if it sounded otherwise. We talked about you in my session today, that’s why I called you. I may have sounded a little emotional, but rather because I was happy to talk to you.” Bucky rubbed his neck, slightly embarrassed. He still wasn’t always comfortable talking about his feelings. But when Steve took a closer look he could see that it was true. Not that Bucky would lie to him, but he really seemed rather happy. It was now Steve’s turn to pat his shoulder.
, making Tony groan out loud. “Jesus! Seriously?”
“Tony, I..” “Just go already,” Tony yelled at him.
“Tony, what are you doing here?” Steve asked softly.
Natasha laughed and got up in time with Tony to pull him into a hug. “You do that. Good luck, Tony.” And then he was out of the door, practically running back home.
When Tony woke up the next morning, the first thing he noticed was a warm body pressed to his. Without opening his eyes he smiled to himself and crawled back a little further into the warmth. He was laying on his side with Steve practically wrapped around him, his chest to Tony’s back, his arms holding him tight. Tony would never admit it and he hadn’t even known until now, but he loved to cuddle. He had never stayed in bed with anyone long enough to experience this. It had simply been too intimate. But with Steve it felt right and he could absolutely get used to it. His smile grew wider before he turned around in Steve’s arms, facing him. Steve doubtlessly was awake, but his eyes were still closed and Tony took his time just looking at him. At the way his mouth was slightly curled upwards but otherwise completely relaxed and at his sleep tousled hair. His incredible soft hair. Tony didn’t hesitate before he slid his hand into it and pressed his lips to Steve’s briefly. “Morning, Sweet Pea.”
