Sherlock smiled, that sincere expression that softened his face and deepened the crows’ feet by his eyes. “Of course.”
“Not to worry, Doctor. You can make a cuppa and some toast in the break room, how does that sound?” The nurse had an unexpectedly impish smile on her severe face, and John realized she had been taking the piss. “But no more deliveries, hmm? I had to turn back four patients who were following their noses to join your little dinner party the other night.” She shook a finger at him.
“John,” Sherlock tried again, but the words got stuck in his throat. He pulled John back on top of him, wrapping arms tightly around his lean chest, splaying big hands across John’s shoulder blades and lumbar spine. The weight pressing on him felt grounding, and it had the added benefit of hiding his face while he spoke. “I love you too. You are extraordinary. When I was away, there was a space beside me that you belonged in that was empty, and I hated it. I never want it to be empty again.” He sucked in a breath, squeezed John to him even more tightly. “But tonight I’ve realized how unbelievably lucky I am that you love me, too. You, who everyone loves, everyone admires you, wants you - you say you love me like it’s the easiest thing in the world, when it is absolutely the most unlikely thing ever to happen to me. No one has ever made me feel the way you do, and I am yours for as long as you’ll have me, John.”
Something in Sherlock’s words, as they replayed in his head, felt familiar in a way that made him simultaneously terrified and angry. He cuffed his eyes again, taking deep breaths to regain control of himself, mortified at his tears.
As John spoke, things were coming clear to him, that he should have recognized ages before this. God, he was so dense! He had said Sherlock needed him, and that was true. But more importantly, Sherlock
John looked blankly at the infuriating man. Then he shook his head. “Nope, still not getting it. What?”
John’s thoughts screeched to a halt; for a moment there was silence, both in the room and in his head. “What?” he said, his voice coming out small through the tight feeling in his throat. Not go home? For how long? Was he being committed? Sectioned?
John shook his head with a feeling of familiar wonder. He would not have recognized that for a gouge in the steel if his life had depended on it. The upper two scrapes he had seen, but only because he was looking for them - they could have been any random dings or pockmarks left by the building process otherwise. “Amazing,” he muttered quietly.
As he settled at a table near the stage, being sure to sit so that he could be seen from the wings as well as from the footlights, Sherlock looked at the envelope that his ticket had come in. His name was written in John’s pointy scrawl, with a dark maroon lipstick kiss next to it - courtesy of Lady Grey, no doubt. At times it seemed to Sherlock that he had two lovers at once; when John put on the mantle of his glittering drag queen persona, he was almost a different person from his more reserved usual self. Lady Grey filled up a room as soon as she walked in, captivating all eyes effortlessly and charming everyone she interacted with. On stage, the Lady dominated any skit in which she participated with her charisma and presence. She was exquisite, and Sherlock was thoroughly wrapped around her finger from the moment he first saw her, or rather
“Stand! Down! Now!” John shouted, re-aiming his pistol at the man’s thigh; a wound that would stop but not kill him.
“No, John, I’m the one who should be flattered. I mean, you’re a doctor, and a soldier, and kind and smart and handsome, and to give me a promise like that is… just amazing.” She sighed happily. “And you’ve only gotten more handsome as time goes by. Really, I’m a lucky girl.”
Sherlock snapped back to alertness as the song changed once more. A curtain toward the back of the stage parted and a platform rolled forward, stage-dressed to look like an upscale restaurant. The tune rolling from the speakers had a Latin beat and a crisp horn line; he felt his toes involuntarily start to tap along as the line repeated in a vamp until the background players were in place, dressed as waiters and patrons, still with the BDSM flair of tight black clothes, subtle collars and locking jewelry. As Sherlock was registering the scene, the platform began to turn, the wall in the center of it hiding the scenery for a minute and then rotating back into place. His breath caught - Lady Grey was seated at the table on the platform, as if waiting for a companion to join her. She was dressed as conservatively as he had ever seen her: golden blond wig pulled into an elegant chignon high on her head, clad in a crisp business suit jacket and straight skirt with a high slit up each side. The fabric of the outfit had a silvery shimmer to it and the slit revealed a scarlet garter belt, sequins on the suspenders glittering in the lights; it was clipped to sheer black silk stockings. The combination of smooth silk and flashes of red up high made the Lady’s legs look miles long as she demurely crossed them at the knee, bouncing a foot clad in a slim mary jane style shoe decorated with a pattern that reminded Sherlock of the wallpaper in his sitting room. He was mesmerized by the bobbing appendage and the glimpses of lingerie it afforded him from his seat by the footlights.
John was staring at his own screen, fingertips of one hand pressing the bridge of his nose as he read. Whatever it was, it seemed long and John’s face had lost the easy relaxation he usually displayed when he was editing a blog post. Article, then, or email with unpleasant news in it. John had tried to hide his distress over the last months when reading about children, or accidents that happened to families, but this expression lacked the pinch of anguish around the eyes those had produced. Instead, John’s lips were thin, pressed tight together, and his eyebrows drew down in dismay.
Above him, John was focused intently on the screen where a villain was threatening a dapper fellow in a bow tie. And more closely, his hand was hovering over Sherlock’s forehead, descending to pet through his hair. Dear God, he had never thought that his head would be an erogenous zone, but the evidence… toes curling, stretching, shivers down the lower spine, ah!... would indicate otherwise. John’s fingers had slipped out of his hair to hover over his forehead again, motion arrested by a dramatic moment, and Sherlock held his breath until the next pass. John’s hand dropped, curls slipping between the sturdy digits, pads gently sliding along the skull underneath. Bliss. Sherlock gave up trying to analyze anything for the time being, and let his eyes close again. He’d need a very special cabinet for this in the mind palace – maybe an entire alcove.
Sherlock was looking at his phone, triangulating the pictures of the corpse and the actual scene before him. “There, you see? The hammer is still in place, with the bloodstain, and the body lay partly on top of it.”
Sherlock raised a sardonic eyebrow and showed John his phone. The face he had previously seen misshapen and cratered looked back at him grimly from a mug shot apparently taken in an American precinct in New Jersey. Dark olive skin and thick five o’clock shadow featured, with heavy black brows, small fierce eyes, and deep jowls that made the victim look like a none-too-bright-but-likely-dangerous dog... or feral pig, maybe. “Quite the Goliath, that one. I’d not like to bump into him in a dark alley, right enough.”
“Sherlock!” John interrupted the accelerating flood of words before they ran away with them both. “What the hell are you talking about?”
Which left the revelation that Duck felt he might be ready to go home. Back to being a father to Rosie, splitting the chores with Amina, and the daily life that seemed so removed from the sheltered existence he was leading this week. Was he ready? Sure, he wasn’t about to end himself anymore - the very thought made him ill with guilt and regret. But did that mean he was ready to just drop back into his life? Head back to cases with Sherlock? Shifts at the surgery? The concept seemed unreal at the moment.
Sherlock’s vision whited out at the edges and he thought for a moment that he had climaxed in his trousers. Lady Grey was a picture of grace and control, proud and fierce as she stood on the body of the dancer and performed for the audience. It didn’t escape Sherlock’s notice that she was holding her weight all on her toes, her calves exquisitely flexed to avoid causing damage to her partner with the vicious spike heels as she undulated over him in the dance. After a saucy,
Amina watched Sherlock go with a twinkle in her eye and a good-natured sniff. “Won’t be long until it’ll be both of you heading out again, eh?”
“And then the police, once they had woken her up and cuffed her and read her rights, just had to sit back with a pencil while she confessed to the whole thing. Well, more ranted it, but essentially confessed. She was rather doped with that spray, so I don’t know if it will stick in court, but she dropped enough details that even a bunch of ham-fisted imbeciles like the local force should be able to build a decent case.” He sat up himself, punching a superfluous pillow off the side of the bed. “I offered my services should they need help, of course,” he added loftily.
Sherlock had stood stock still while John worked his way through his statement, a frown and his stomach dropping more with each sentence. “Do you want to back out?” he asked sharply. “I do think this ruse is the best way to convince that step-woman-whatever that you’re not ever going to be available to her.”
John closed his eyes and took deep, measured breaths while he got himself under control. He thought of the people he saw all the time - Amina, Mrs Hudson, even Lestrade. Would they judge him so harshly? He couldn’t imagine that they would.
Images from his dream the night before popped into his mind. Flat, muscular chest, strong arms, lean, hard body. A male body. Sherlock’s body. His groin throbbed insistently and he craned his head up from the pillow to look at it.
Sherlock remained impassive to John’s words, merely watching him calmly, fingers steepled in the familiar gesture.
In the darkness of his the quiet room, the image that had caused all tonight’s trouble seemed seared on the inside of his eyelids. John slowed his breathing and did his level best to concentrate on something - anything - else, but it was like being back in his psychology lecture in uni, talking about ironic process theory and being told not to think of a pink elephant. Eventually the only thing he could think about was that image, and how it had made him feel. With a groan, he turned onto his side in the bed and just gave into it; picturing the photo, and moving on to other times he had ignored - repressed, Duck would likely say - flashes of appreciation for his friend’s aesthetic impact. There were… a lot. Really, a surprising amount, for someone who up to a few hours ago had been convinced he had no interest in men whatsoever. The burnished mahogany curls; the lean body, tall and imposing one moment, and limp and languid the next; that bloody swanlike neck; the plush Cupid’s-bow lips; and the eyes - those indescribable eyes: tilted, feline, flashing with color like an opal as a result of changes in the light or their owner’s mood.
They paused there for a few moments, just being together and savoring the newness of it all. When Sherlock pulled back a little, John ducked his head to catch his eye. They gazed at each other for a long beat, faint smiles on their faces. John leaned in for a gentle kiss, lingering and sweet.
Sherlock took on the question while John collected himself enough to rejoin the conversation, and John was soon charming his relatives with an animated retelling of their caper. He didn’t let go of Sherlock’s hand until some dramatic gestures were required; Sherlock compensated by swinging his arm up along the back of John’s chair. John leaned into him as he finished the tale, and Sherlock dropped his arm from the chair to his friend’s strong shoulder. “And Sherlock, like always, was absolutely brilliant. He was the only one to realize that the maintenance schedule predicted where the murderer would show up to dispose of his victims. He is just extraordinary, I’ve always said so.”
The horn section blared a staccato sting as Lady Grey clasped her young man and wrapped a leg around his waist, exposing the red garters again. They tangoed up to the table on the platform and he laid her down on it in a shower of cutlery and linens, leaning over in artful parody of intimacy as the platform revolved them around and out of sight.
The air was very dry, and redolent with the odor of the cedar benches and paneling. It was deserted.
Their gazes locked for a long moment, one of those looks that they so often shared and that John felt was a sort of nonverbal communication between them. He did understand, all too well. Sherlock had made a promise to keep him safe, and he had demonstrated over and over that he would go to any length, take any risk, court any danger to the point of his own ruin, to achieve that vow. John was humbled by such dedication from a man he had once called a machine, but he also knew what the inevitable outcome of such a fixation would be: Sherlock underestimating the danger once too often, and ending up dead.
Sherlock fumbled for his glass as he sank back into his chair, and downed the last of the scotch. How had John contrived to slip the note to the stagehand without him noticing? The paper was faintly damp and when he sniffed it, he smelled the Lady’s perfume - but also John’s own sweat. His lover had carried this note, somehow, some
He returned to the sofa yet again, deflating down to the cushions. “Look at me, Duck, I’m forty-five, a single father, a widower, and all this time I didn’t know I had the potential to feel that way. How is that possible? Did my fucking knob of an old man really do so much of a number on me that I repressed this my whole life?” John shook his head with a mirthless chuckle, throwing up his hands in disbelief. Duck opened his mouth to say something, then shut it again as John continued.
“Sherlock?” John’s tentative voice penetrated the deluge of thoughts and sensations. Sherlock looked down at his friend, who watched him apprehensively, miserable with waiting.
With a long, shuddering sigh, Sherlock said “alright, John. I’ll come back tomorrow.” The sad note in Sherlock’s voice added to the tightness in John’s chest; everything seemed to be affecting him that way. John heard the rustling of fabrics as Sherlock donned his greatcoat, then slow footsteps across the room and the clunking of the door.
There was a delay before the next text came through; Sherlock had just finished tying his shoes and was headed for the door when his phone trumpeted again. He pulled it from his pocket.
“Goddammit, Rosie!” He burst out, slamming the spoon down on the table, looming over her in a sudden rage, “just eat the fucking cereal!” His hand pulled back, palm open to swing down for a slap, when he froze.
No one spoke for a long moment, then Sherlock sat himself in the chair by the bedside. “Doctor, is there anything else you needed to discuss with John right now? Otherwise perhaps we could talk again later.”
John knew he really had been not gay, never felt a hint of interest in anyone other than women in his entire life. Until his fascination with Sherlock, which he had assumed was just the strongest friendship he had ever had, revealed this unexpected wrinkle. Only Sherlock, in four-plus decades of living with three decades of that spent actively exercising his sexuality toward women and not ever allowing a hint of interest in men to enter his head. Only Sherlock. And he’d buried it; tamped it down; convinced himself it wasn’t how he felt, for whatever reasons he could pile up against it in his mind. Until he’d been brought as low as he’d ever been and couldn’t have any more walls up to hide it from himself.
The woman transferred her glare from the window to Sherlock, before looking down at her tablet again. “Well, that’s actually...” She frowned. “Correct.” She narrowed her eyes at Sherlock again, and tipped the tablet up so he couldn’t see the screen. “Your appointment with Dr Evans is tomorrow at nine-thirty. Dr Watson, during your stay you are approved to walk the grounds, use the exercise room, the hot tub and the sauna, and you may have a laptop or tablet to work on, but no phones and no Internet. Contact with the outside will be monitored.”
“Now we just have to find out who she is, and where she is,” John cautioned, but his grin made the muscles in his cheeks pull tight.
John nodded again and cleared his throat, his British fortitude scandalized at being caught hugging, for god’s sake. “Sure, yeah.” He grabbed his coat from the guest chair and shrugged it on, heading for the door where Sherlock continued to scan the two of them intently. John avoided his eyes, merely waiting at the threshold. “Blocking the door, Sherlock.”
John’s brow knitted in denial and he rolled his head against the lean pectorals under his face. “No - no. You aren’t responsible for any of this,” he stated. “Don’t go taking this on yourself. You did everything you could to help. I’m grateful.” He looked up, into Sherlock’s startled eyes looking down on him. “And I want you to know - it won’t happen again. You and Rosie, I won’t do this to you ever again. Okay?” He hid his face back in his friend’s chest and tightened his arms again.
“Good morning, young Watson, Amina,” Sherlock rasped, his deep tone lacking its usual resonance. Rosie squawked her displeasure at the sound. John continued to feign sleep, as Sherlock had clearly tried to speak softly for his benefit.
Sherlock didn’t wait. He stepped forward and wrapped John in long arms, underpants and all. John stiffened and made an undignified sound that was stifled by Sherlock’s chest, then he pushed roughly away from the lean figure.
John didn’t hear from Marjorie after that, and didn’t notice the lack. He thrived in the soldier’s life until he had his own problems to cope with: shot in the shoulder, invalided home, with a limp that was all in his head and an illegal firearm in his desk drawer. He didn’t have the energy to spare to think of her then, and once he had met Sherlock Holmes, he was too dazzled to think of much else.
“I had no idea what that part was about, though I was... so grateful for James’ company. Several times, it would happen like that when things got really bad out there. I’d get the shakes, or he’d have a terrible day and then James would find me and drink with me and hold me while I freaked out, and then just sort of... look at me.” John trailed off with a look of puzzlement on his face.
Sherlock silently shook his head, keeping his eyes averted. He pulled John back down against his shoulder and squeezed him for a moment, then said, “you didn’t answer my texts; even after I had sent several demands for response.” He sounded testy that John had ignored him. “It’s possible I may have jumped to the wrong… er, a concerning conclusion upon arriving here and finding you gone from your room.”
"Well, I try not to think about it. When I got back, it was all I could think about. I couldn't turn my mind off it, like endless repeat behind my eyelids. My therapist had me try all sorts of techniques to shut it off - exercise, baths, hypnotism, meditation, eh, you know about the blogging... Huh." John frowned in thought.
“Vacuum-sealed for freshness!” he quipped, and bounced on his toe and the hook. It bore his weight easily, and seemed to flex and support his weight as well as his natural leg did. He raised the hook in the air and wiggled it, testing the soundness of the connection. John saw some rubber tread patches on the bottom of the blade; traction, he supposed. “There," Duck declared, "she’s alright now. I usually jog the outermost path in the garden on decent weather days, it’s about one-point-five klicks around and we can decide to go until we’re ready to stop, yeah?”
John snorted. “I’m going to bring it up again when I get out of here, you know. Might be nice to have a running partner.”
It felt good to have her little body in his arms again; in their kitchen, without the strangeness of a visit to a facility, without the expectation of separation when their time was up. If he wanted, he could carry her around all day.
They managed to skip the reception line altogether and made their way over to the hall, where a hearty wedding lunch was planned since it was mid-afternoon. The dancing would likely go on as long as the staff could be convinced to stay, however. Sherlock looked wistfully at the dance floor, remembering his lessons with John in their flat, so long ago. How he had loved those afternoons, thinking it was the chance to dance he had enjoyed. In retrospect, he knew it was dancing with John. He looked over at his friend, just in time to see the silvering head turn away and scan the room, looking for their place cards.
John frowned. Intubated? He sipped a little water, and its lukewarm slide over his parched tissues felt lovely. He hummed a bit with relief and took another, stronger pull at the straw, and then it was removed. Intubated? What had happened? He cast his mind back. The last thing he remembered was...
They held their locked gaze for a timeless moment, until Irene snorted and said, “you promised to make the rounds if I would move your song to the first act, so get to it. Meet and greet, you brilliant queen. And then take this one and go be disgustingly happy... somewhere else. The rest of us have to work another set tonight!” She nodded smartly and headed over to Miss Vicky, who was telling a highly inappropriate story to a cackling hen’s night group of women wearing dime-store tiaras.
“The trousers need hemming, of course, and the suit coat and waistcoat can come in a bit on the sides, but yes,” Sherlock announced, his voice unaccountably deep as he flicked away imaginary threads and smoothed John’s lapels. “I think we have a winner.”
“This is a lovely place,” he ventured as the silence grew. “I’m glad I ended up here, if I had to be somewhere.”
Sherlock woke slowly, languidly rising out of slumber into the late afternoon sunlight leaking past the drawn curtains in his bedroom.
They were met almost immediately by John’s Aunt and Uncle, smiling widely and clearly at least one sheet to the wind. The rehearsal dinner had been a merry affair, it seemed, and John commented that their descriptions reminded him of formation marching drills from his days in the service, but with more alcohol. They about injured themselves laughing, performing sloppy toe-turns so that Sherlock readied himself to catch one of them if they toppled.
) better than he possibly ever had in his life. Also that he might never move again. Moving was boring, anyway. Much better to lay on John while stoned on endorphins.
John’s mouth pulled away only to move along his jawline, tasting and latching, then down to the thin skin below his ear, where he settled to sweep gentle lips across the sensitive stretch with the ghost of a moan, barely audible even so close. Sherlock sucked in air, rediscovering the need for oxygen. John’s compact body stepped into him a bit more, insinuating a sturdy thigh between his long legs. Sherlock was overwhelmed with awareness of every point where John’s body touched him, especially the firm pressure on his groin and at his throat. His senses were reaching overload, and started to blur when John laved a wet area by his Adam’s apple and nipped with the faintest hint of teeth; Sherlock’s head tipped back and he whispered “John…
“I’m sorry, Marjorie, I didn’t know you felt that way.” He cleared his throat uncomfortably. “You’re so confident and intelligent, and - and pretty, you deserve someone who wants you for yourself.” John shook his head. “That’s not me, really it isn’t. When I finish my medical degree, I’ll be heading directly into basic training, and then into the Army. I’ll be deployed for months, maybe a year at a time overseas, and in dangerous situations. I can’t get serious with anyone right now – it’s not fair to ask them to worry and wait for me, with no guarantee I’ll even come back.” John had hoped to keep Marjorie from crying any more, but instead she put her face in her hands and sobbed. John cast around frantically for something to say to stem the flood. “Tell you what,” he blurted, then took a breath and put on his best bedside manner. “Er, how about this - you’re what, twenty-one? Plenty of time still to find the man who will love you for yourself. But when you turn forty, if you’re alone… and I’m alone too… and you still want to, we can give it a try. Alright? Just please, don’t cry anymore.”
“Yeah?” Duck responded, “Did you take an injury to your leg?” He turned to jog a few steps sideways, looking John’s stride over. “Your file only mentioned the shoulder, and you’d never know now.”
Absently, he wiped her face after the bowl was empty, prepared her a bottle of formula, and took her to the sofa to drink it until she fell asleep, then walked her down the hall. He put his daughter down in her cot and covered her with a light blanket, then stood there, his thousand-yard stare never changing.
John turned to take in the room again; it really was rather nice in here, and held nothing of the dark heaviness he associated with that terrible night. The thick, new bedspread was smooth cotton in alternating stripes of paler and deeper blue, and he saw a hint of navy sheets peeking out from a corner. The new rug matched, in a complicated geometric pattern of caramel brown and dark sapphire. The blinds were Venetian-style but with wide, blond wood slats; currently wound open and letting in the early afternoon light, but he could see they would block the light successfully if he needed it. Everything harmonized with the light wood tones of his bureau and nightstand, and the darker wood of his headboard.
And with that, John was reminded that on a night less than two weeks ago, this man thought John would die in his arms.
“And the you, that you are, is charming, handsome, smart... pretty wonderful, actually. Have you,” she took a deep breath and then said, somewhat rushed, “have you ever thought about the two of us? Together?” Marjorie looked at him from under her lashes, color high on her cheeks. “In all the years we’ve known each other, have you?” She leaned toward him, lips parted.
“Next weekend, yeah. Go down on the late train Thursday night, come back Sunday. Wedding and reception is Saturday. You really mean it?” He chuffed a laugh, a grateful sound. “Thanks. It’s… nice… of you, to help me out like this.” He ran a hand through his hair, tousling it appealingly. “It’s a relief, really, Sherlock, you have no idea.” He stood, plainly having reached his quota of emotional talking for the time being and clapped his hands together. “I’m for some air. Dinner’s on me tonight, I’ll pick it up while I’m out; what do you fancy?”
He sat himself on the sofa and flipped on the telly, looking for something completely mindless he could stare at. Seemed like all the channels were showing WWII documentaries and films; was there some sort of anniversary he had missed? Snippets of the Blitz and flashes of London buried in rubble, explosions and Churchill’s orations blipped by. John turned it off; might as well go back to bed. He grabbed the baby monitor from the kitchen and shambled back into his room.
“And that woman, at the center table, with the green tracksuit and poor dye-job; she’ll be lucky if she has hair left if she keeps with that regimen. Her husband is having an affair and she thinks he’ll not leave her while she’s ill. I confess I heard her ranting to her lawyer while you were napping, so not much of a deduction there, but based on her comments, she’s only using her time here to squirrel away as much of their assets as she can before divorce proceedings begin. Not exactly a useful mirror for self-reflection in a group setting, wouldn’t you say?”
Oh, sure, Mrs Hudson would fuss, and they’d all be watching him for signs of relapse for a while, but they’d do it because they cared.
The drink that had been delivered turned out to be a double of the club’s best scotch, so he took a healthy sip and concentrated on the burn of the alcohol as it went down. He saw that the sandwich that accompanied it was his favorite grilled chicken with pesto mayonnaise from the deli up the street, not something from the cabaret’s menu. There was a single square of flat dark chocolate on the plate, from the French chocolatier around the corner from John’s flat. John must have had the meal brought, just for him.
“Sherlock. I met Sherlock Holmes.” John subsided back into his thoughts as he ran, brow wrinkling with remembering that time, those heady early days.
Sherlock moved up beside him and handed him a biro produced from somewhere in the capacious pockets of his coat. Over John’s head, he continued to observe Duck, who allowed the scrutiny with relaxed body language and an open expression.
Sherlock jerked out of his reverie when the stagehand that had given Lady Grey her flowers snapped his fingers near Sherlock’s ear, holding out a note. “From the Lady, innit?” he said cheekily and clapped Sherlock on the shoulder. “Cor, but you’re a lucky man, Mister ‘Olmes.” Grinning widely, the stagehand briskly headed backstage as the house lights came up for intermission.
Aunt Brigid’s new beau, Timothy Penton, had moved to town with his family some years ago, and around the time Harry and John had moved to Brighton, his then-wife had ended their marriage in a divorce so acrimonious, everyone had been talking about it. Even the Watson kids knew the whole story, despite their troubles. It was generally agreed that Mr. Penton was the innocent party in all of it and his ex-wife was likely a nutter. His two children, Marjorie and Stephen, were a few years behind John in school, and kept to themselves. He treated Aunt Brigid well, was soft-spoken for the most part, and occasionally arranged outings for Aunt Brigid together with his family, agreeably inviting John along as well. John didn’t mind, as the trips to the beach or for ice cream made a nice break. He liked Marjorie and Stephen well enough, he guessed. Stephen was a typical irritating little brother, and Marjorie was terribly shy in the presence of the older John.
He decided to play his violin; John’s favorites to start, then variations of his own on those themes. He occasionally glanced at John for a reaction, and was rewarded every time with a nodding head, relaxed smile, and steady attention until he looked away. Helping, indeed.
He hit the path in the gathering evening, hearing the crunch of his trainers against the gravel, his mind whirling with revelation and a dawning anguish. The implications of this knowledge were too much to grasp all at once; he willed his legs to go faster, hoping to outrun his thoughts.
John laughed a bit self-consciously. “Well, it’s easy to get caught up in it. I was the last person to want a big wedding and look what…” he trailed off and cleared his throat. “Well, it can get away from you is all.” His head dropped and he fiddled with his silverware.
“Well, Dr Watson,” the woman chirped, “it looks like you’re getting settled in alright?” She plopped her tablet on the rolling side table near the wide window, and started typing, hardly looking up at either occupant of the room. She shot a few dirty looks out the window, seeming to be irritated by the glare, or possibly by the bright flowers and shrubs.
“Oh for God’s sake!” John reached over and pulled Sherlock over to him, pressing the curly head down onto his shoulder rather more firmly than perhaps was required, and slipped his hand onto Sherlock’s knee for moment, before flipping his hand over and grasping Sherlock’s own long fingers. “Can you occupy your mind with this practice, please? Before I resort to violence?”
“Blimey, that’s pretty unusual!” Duck exclaimed. “Did something happen the night that it cleared up?”
“Are those my discharge papers, Duck?” He stepped up beside Sherlock as he interjected, tugging the man’s sleeve in a subtle
They spent rest of the afternoon in bed. John dozed off soon after Sherlock had rolled off him and they had cleaned up with flannels from the bathroom. Sherlock couldn’t sleep, though his body felt filled with lassitude; he cataloged the events of the day into his mind palace, and added a naked, debauched John to the mannequins in the wardrobe; that was one worth keeping, for certain.
Sherlock nodded, and looked like he wanted to say something; their faces were so close John could see the variations in color in his friend’s irises easily, even in the fading afternoon light. After a moment, the man blinked and pulled back, a little faint color on his cheeks. “I’ll text,” he said shortly, and was gone.
Uncle Tim snorted. “At least it’s her parents paying for it, even the ushers’ tuxes, and Marjorie’s and the other girls’ gowns and all. And they can certainly spare it. Stephen’s over the moon with the whole thing, poor sod.” Uncle Tim seemed less impressed, and Sherlock’s estimation of him went up.
“I can go home tomorrow? That’s sooner than I thought,” John exclaimed, grinning widely. Dr Harrington did not share his smile. John turned to Sherlock, expecting to see his friend’s relief at getting them out of there so quickly; instead the pale grey eyes regarded him gravely. Sherlock said nothing.
They lived with their Aunt Brigid, and gradually settled in. Aunt Brigid was kind and strict, but never tried to replace their mother. She was their friend as much as their guardian. Time passed. Harry applied to school for law, and when she was eighteen, moved out to attend. John went out for rugby and discovered the thrill of the scrum and the joy of hard-won victory, which left him grinning, panting and filthy. He had a talent for the game, a head for strategy and a visceral appreciation for a solid tackle; he soon made Captain of the team.
“Doesn’t look like nothing,” she pointed out. “Looks like a bunch of ruddy great bruises in a collar around your neck. Is there someone I have to go teach a lesson in playing nice?”
“I suppose I must, if we’re to catch Box of Hammers’ killer. Though it’s looking more and more like a planned hit, so they’re probably long gone by now.” Sherlock read the text again, then speared John with a piercing look, ice-blue eyes intent. “Will you tell me what’s troubling you?” came the question, sharp as a whip crack.
He pulled in a shaky breath laden with Rosie’s scent, and flashed to a memory of himself as a small boy.
However, he did provide a lead that Sherlock could follow, and John followed Sherlock. Lord knows his friend needed backup when he pulled these harebrained stunts.
Marjorie hid a giggle in his shoulder, then looked up at him. “You look so handsome, and I couldn’t help but imagine when I’m forty and it’s you and I getting married.”
“I bet they set that up between them, didn’t they, sweetheart?” John grumbled, reclining back against the pillows so as to more easily support the baby’s weight on his chest. “Just like them to bring you here and then faff off somewhere for god knows how long.” He sighed. “I just wish they hadn’t brought you so soon, y’see. I’m not very good company at the moment.”
“Ah ha, got you! The reveal is always a lark,” Duck smirked at him. “Took a lot of practice on that pegleg to get my stride to feel smooth, but it’s been worth it. And this is what makes taking a run possible.” He opened the gym bag that sat beside his chair and produced a metal hook-shaped blade, also fitted with a cup to apply to his residual limb. He peeled off the sock that covered the limb, which looked to extend about twenty or twenty-two centimeters down from the knee, and ended in a smooth rounded nub and some scar tissue. Duck replaced the sock with a different one that looked to be made of wetsuit material as far as John could tell. Then he fitted the cup and hook over the sleeve, flipped a switch near the bottom of the cup, and stood. Air hissed out of the valve he had opened, and he leaned over and closed it when the sound had stopped.
Only Sherlock’s imperious, snarky comments kept him from slipping into a truly dark mood; the man bossed people around like it was his right, and then was so honestly surprised when they were offended by it. John had always found his bafflement inexplicably charming, and this was no exception.
John lost it then, hunching over to put hands on knees with the force of his spate of high-pitched giggles. Sherlock was just rolling along now because he knew it would egg John on, grinning widely. “Maybe he’s got a weaselly little friend named Joey Fingers, or Georgie the Wasp, who kept Bag of Hammers from getting whacked straight out of the gate because he’s the brains of the operation.”
that was scurrying through his brain like a panicked rodent. In the end, he just let go as gently as he could, and sighed as he looked up at his friend.
Just as he was about to cast around for a reason to do another lap of the garden while he thought furiously, John tugged him over to one of the shady benches and sat down. “You’re thinking awfully hard, Sherlock.” He raised his eyebrows inquiringly.
“Ah-ha!” Sherlock spun with what looked like a huge black spider clutched in one hand, his face alight with triumph. “I knew you’d forget your charger!”
After a moment, he heaved a breath and pulled some jeans and a soft, long-sleeved Tshirt out of his dresser, hurriedly putting them on and going to join Sherlock in the sitting room.
Blurry impressions of smooth skin, so warm under his hands threaded through his slumber; solid, firm muscle flexing in his grasp, then moving to stroke him intimately.
“Already did and they’re waiting for you on the table, that’s what I’ve been saying! Come and eat.” John heaved a sigh and sat himself at his plate, having done his part. He applied jam to toast with gusto. Sherlock pushed the pajama-clad version of the John-mannequin, collarbones and all, into the wardrobe in his mind palace with a quiet click, and joined him.
John paused. What had made him think of it? “Huh. Just something my Mum used to say about the bullies in the neighborhood. She was raised religious.”
“So the bint is dead. There are more of them, all over the place. Get another one!” Davies cried in exasperation. “We have to make sure this doesn’t come back and disrupt business! These two know all about it now, and they’ll bring the cops. We have to take care of them. YOU have to take care of them, Gary.”
John looked at Sherlock thoughtfully, remembering the quiet a moment ago. "Fine, we'll try again. Compose yourself, and give me your hand."
Sherlock gasped, as if this hadn’t occurred to him. “Is that likely?” he ventured, “I could speak to someone on your behalf, if you think it would…”
Sherlock watched him put on shoes and jacket, and said “I suppose those green curry noodles from that place across the park, if you’re going that far?”
John’s arrival back at his flat was almost anticlimactic. They parked in his reserved space and headed up to the front door, just as they’d done a hundred times before. It didn’t feel the same, though; so much had happened in the short weeks he’d been away.
He and Harriet (“Call me Harry, you little twat! I’m not some swooning lady!”) went to live with their Aunt in Brighton. It was simpler for him than for his sister; sixteen years old was not an easy age to lose one’s parents, change schools, or come out. She did all three at the same time. John was more easygoing on the surface; people liked him and generally missed the simmering anger he kept well-hidden – at his parents for dying, at their drinking and how it made them treat their kids, at himself for how little he seemed to miss them.
From what? John’s brow furrowed as he pondered. His mind flashed to pounding up a fire escape after flapping coattails and the indistinct figure of a fleeing suspect reaching the roof; then to a quiet night in, typing away on his laptop, spinning tales of remembered adventures. Next, Rosie’s giggle and toothless grin presented itself.
The idiotic DJ broke in with a call for first dances, in several combinations. Uncle Tim was tapped to dance with the bride, while the mother of the bride danced with Stephen. John, who had been shifting in his seat, leaned over to Sherlock and said in his ear “just off to the loo, and I’ll stop at the bar. Do you want a whiskey?” Sherlock nodded and turned his head to his (more than) friend. Their kiss was brief but heartfelt, and John’s smile lit up his whole face. As he watched John walk away (really, that suit was fantastic) he realized this left him alone with Aunt Brigid. He turned back to the table to catch her perceptive gaze. She sipped at her cocktail, which had been regularly replaced by her husband all day; her color was high and she had been giggling like a schoolgirl during the reminiscences.
“The same way our killer might have,” came the reply, “over there.” Sherlock headed for a pipe-and-board scaffolding that had been erected a few columns away so that workers could climb up to higher levels and continue piecing the skeleton of the building together. Careless of his suit and dress shoes, Sherlock swung up to the first muddy board, and reached for the next.
at least in public, to offer the arms around shoulders, the hands holding hands, the kiss on a weathered cheek, that he had been imagining – pining for - since he realized he loved John. This would give him a chance to know what that would feel like. He could construct a special room in his mind palace to hold it and visit there when his feelings rose up in his throat, and know - in a real way - what it was like to have a little bit of John to call his own. He couldn’t pass up this chance.
On John’s desktop, in the area he usually left blog posts or correspondence he was working on but hadn’t published or sent, there was the draft of the ‘Vacuum-Packed Adventure’ (Sherlock shook his head) and an incongruous email icon. John had saved an email? Shrugging, he clicked it.
John said, “I suppose they will be calling you over soon enough, Marjorie; it looks like they’ve got the photographer.”
“I’m glad,” Aunt Brigid said. She sipped from her glass. “Huh. Seems an odd way to cope, doesn't it? I mean, she’s always had a crush on John – he was handsome and charming, and always very nice to her. But when he deployed, she stopped talking about him. And then she met Richard and they married. Poor Richard, it was such a shock, him dying like that.” She sighed. “He was a lovely man, and just devoted to Marjorie - thought she hung the moon. And he was a health nut, exercised all the time, yoga, acupuncture, even formulated his own vitamins, being a chemist and all.” She sighed again. “Tch, listen to me, going on all maudlin at a wedding.”
John’s door swung shut and left a ringing silence in its wake. John and Sherlock regarded each other without speaking; Sherlock scanning his friend with his customary laser-like gaze, John doing his best to remain placid and blank in an effort to hide the churning thoughts and emotions that had driven him to run off his panic in the darkened garden.
“Did you make them bring these underpants? I didn’t want them!” John said, striding into the room, brandishing a glossy package. He stopped, seeing his friend stood tall and rigid in the center of the room, then advanced more cautiously, sensing a difference of mood but not yet sure if it would be dangerous. John was, after all, a soldier at heart. “Well?” he demanded sternly.
The two men locked gazes for a full, silent minute, and then Sherlock started snickering, John joining him with relief and chagrin. Sherlock came further into the room and quipped, “I don’t mind the shirt, John, as long as you don’t grow the moustache again.”
“Not too long. I texted that we’d be coming, but I assume you didn’t get it. You’ve been for a walk in the garden before coming here.” Sherlock asserted. “Your hair has a bit of a leaf in it, and it smells like the lilies that are blooming around the doorway nearest to this room.”
Sherlock answered, “we’ve been practicing a role that we need for a case we’re currently working on; believability is vital to getting the proper result.” He smiled into his glass, which had just been delivered. “As it turns out, John has undiscovered talents in that direction.” He raised an eyebrow at his friend, and stifled the stirring down below; now was not the time to dwell on their little incident.
John rubbed his eyes as he hung socked feet over the side of his bed, his slippers positioned so he could step into them easily. He glanced at the clock on the wall and saw he had an hour before he had to meet Duck for their run. He dressed in his jogging bottoms and pulled a crisp grey TShirt from the duffel, then stood there, shirtless, mouth agape at what he held. “I Don’t Shave for Sherlock Holmes,” printed in bold, black letters, covered the front of the shirt. Mary had had it custom-made for him because she thought it was hilarious; he had never worn it. With an embarrassed groan, he threw the shirt over his head (who knew how many shirts Sherlock had packed? He couldn’t afford to be picky) and zipped a drab hoodie up over the whole thing.
“Your Aunt? You’re usually pleased to hear from her. Has she said something unexpectedly offensive?” Sherlock persisted, wanting to know what put that particular combination of expressions on John’s face.
Perhaps that was why Aunt Brigid overcame her hesitance and gave rein to her curiosity. “So, you two are together now. I’m so pleased for you! I remember when he met you, Sherlock, John wasn’t able to talk about anything else, really. And he was so sad when you were, er… gone, you know. I always thought he might have had deeper feelings for you than he let on. So, what about you? Did it come as a surprise?”
He’d be entirely grey-haired by then, he was sure. The scene played out in his mind: she, in trainers and jeans, fair hair in pigtails, cartoon-character backpack over her shoulders, tightly holding his hand as they approached the building. A close hug, then letting her climb the stairs and head to her classroom on her own - she’d insist after the first day, no doubt.
John’s phone beeped, and his brow wrinkled. “What’s that, then?” He reluctantly stepped over to the nightstand to look at it. “Christ, look at the time! Aunt Brigid will kill us if we’re late.”
When he returned, Sherlock had set himself up in a guest chair pulled close to the bed. John clambered back onto the mattress and leaned wearily against the pillows.
“Look, mate, I just - er, I thought you might be in a bad way before… everything, and I didn’t say anything when I should have. I’m sorry for that. When I think what could’ve…” He cleared his throat. “But policemen, see, we…” he squeezed John’s shoulder again. “We’re not exactly immune to what you’re going through, y’know? The job gets to you, sometimes. Or life, or whatever, and once in a while it gets to be too much.”
The tendons at the back of John’s knees tensed tightly when he curled his hands around them, and John’s sparse leg hair felt interesting against his tongue when he bent to test the firmness of the scarred thigh with his teeth. John let out a vocal sigh and shifted his hips, diverting Sherlock’s attention to the black silky boxer briefs and what they contained. He slipped two fingers under the waistband, preparatory to pulling them down, but first he raised a sardonic eyebrow at John, who grinned.
After a moment, Sherlock squinted at the marks in the steel next to him then scanned around the construction site below, bobbing up and down and cocking his head like a bird’s to try and align a trajectory. Over his shoulder he asked, “John, can you come closer and see what the shot would look like, based on the scratches?” He stepped forward to press himself as close as he could to the corner beam to make space for John without having to swap places with him on the narrow girder.
He closed his weary eyes to the sound of Sherlock approaching the bed, settling next to them in his chair.
The fellow cracked a boyish smile and swept Grey into his arms; the height difference was almost comical, except that he and Lady Grey sold the body language of unabashed passion as he moved her in a sensuous tango, legs crossing and entwining such that it was unbelievable they didn’t trip over each other. The Lady lip-synced a quip about making love on a mountain under the stars, and the dancer dipped her deeply, entreating her creamy decolletage to come away with him. Lady Grey swooned, but then lifted one foot from the floor, pointing her toe to exclaim,
“Well, it’s not something I’m giving much thought to at the moment. A few other things on my mind, y’know?” John tried for wry, but it came out rather tentative.
“That’s good. Great! Well, terrific. Now, I’m here to go over with you how your care will go for the next few days-”
“Fine,” Sherlock replied, giving John his usual top-to-toe survey. His gaze snagged on John’s chest, and his brow furrowed, followed by a short series of confused blinks. “John,” he continued after a moment, “why don’t you shave for me?”
“You really like that,” John said quietly, continuing to pet springy curls, pressing fingers between skull and pillow to cup Sherlock’s head in his strong hand. He turned Sherlock toward him, and leaned in to kiss cupid’s bow lips – once, twice, then lingering to nibble on the sensitive flesh. He brushed the tip of an agile tongue against the seam of Sherlock’s mouth, requesting entrance.
John privately agreed that Sherlock’s brother was a complete tit, but he doubted that even Mycroft would be so petty in a situation like this. Like the one John had
John shied away from examining that idea further; a habit that had been with him for years, now. Looking too closely at what lay between him and Sherlock was not something he ever did, ever even wondered about. It just wouldn’t do to pay attention to that, it made his insides feel... weird. It always had.
John held his eye for a beat, a faint flush creeping up his neck. “Yeah, I never thought I had it in me to be an actor. Sherlock must bring out my creative side.” He focused intently on Sherlock, as if Marjorie wasn’t there. His hand stroked Sherlock’s forearm again.
Some time later, he wasn’t sure how long, his door burst open and Sherlock stood there. “Are you going to sleep all day, John?” he demanded.
Lestrade hung back to catch a word with John, brow creased in concern. “‘Is he really alright? I mean, what kind of experiment ends up with bruises like that, on your neck, even?”
John thought he had come to a workable equilibrium; a maintainable, if miserable, accommodation with the realities of his life as it stood. It felt tentative, fragile, but he got through each day and coped as best he was able, desperate to put forward a stoic face and be what Rosie and everyone needed him to be.
“Please, John. Your normal attire is fine for sniffling noses and ingrown toenails at the surgery, but at an event like a wedding when you’re not the groom, you’ll need some help.” He eyed the blocky oatmeal jumper and loose-fit trousers John was wearing with a sneer. “Second, I think for this to go well, we should practice.” Sherlock leaned back to watch John’s reaction. He wasn’t really set on either of these requirements, but he wanted to know how far John was comfortable taking the pretense. Of course, any chance that he could live his fantasy of dressing John the way he deserved was worth taking, and the ‘practice’ would give him a whole week of opportunity to store up memories, not just three days.
“Oh,” said John. “Well, I should bloody hope so.” He leaned heavily into Sherlock and rested his head on a bony shoulder. “Thanks,” he whispered. Sherlock tightened his arm around his (more than) friend’s back, and summoned the authorities to come collect John’s step-whatever-relative-murderer.  Perhaps weddings weren't so dull, after all.
“Works for me,” Duck replied gamely, eyes crinkled with good humor. “Seems about right, old man like you. I can prescribe a soup diet, too, if your dentures are paining you.”
John gazed a moment longer, caught by the beauty of the understated expression on his friend’s face. A particularly loud bang of spoon against tray snapped him out of it, and he turned to gather his child out of the chair. “Yes, it’s me, lovey. Have you been good for Amina and Sherlock while I was away?” He picked her up and clasped her close, uncaring of the bits of food stuck to her clothes. Rosie grinned widely and made a grab for John’s nose, as she always did when he picked her up. He laughed and peppered loud smacking kisses on her pink cheeks.
John tensed against the pillows, a muscle in his cheek bunching as he clenched his jaw against the groan of negation that wanted to blurt out. His instinctive pulling back was stymied by the suddenly tight grip Sherlock held on his hand, and his friend’s face was arranged in a pleading shape that John had only ever seen him sham before. Somehow this expression was different; John knew it reflected real feeling on Sherlock’s part.
“Sherlock,” John sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose in two fingers and rubbing, “How about you settle down a bit?”
Sherlock indeed was drawn up to his full height, scrutinizing Duck with laser-like focus, eyes flicking top to toe, left to right. Duck stepped forward with his usual forthrightness, extending his hand despite the recipient’s forbidding body language. “Sherlock, I assume? It’s a pleasure to meet you. Thank you for what you’ve done for John these last few weeks, it’s been so important to his progress.”
“Where’d you go this time?” Duck asked with a smile. It was typical of how he prompted John to share, if he wanted, what was running through his mind when he dropped out of the conversation.
Dear God, weddings were dull. Boring tediousness of the worst sort; endless and horribly, deadly dull. He huffed a loud sigh, his fifth in as many minutes. They had reached the chapel (in plenty of time! They needn’t have jogged the whole way and John could certainly have finished his bloody sentence!) and were sat on the groom’s side near the middle. They took some brief time perusing the hymnal and the leaflet the usher had given them. This wedding had a leaflet to let guests and gawkers know what part of the bloody service was happening when they snapped awake and wiped the drool from their chins after falling asleep because of the Total. and Complete. Boredom!
He felt the weight of Sherlock’s cheek come to rest on his head, and the long arms around him were strong and warm, enclosing him gently. “Yes, John. It’s...” a long sigh ruffled his hair, tickling his head and making him snort against Sherlock’s throat. A shiver passed through his friend. “It’s very okay. Thank you.”
“Round and round the garden, like a teddy bear,” he mused under his breath, then spoke more loudly. “Rosie will want to know about her mother,” he suggested.
These thoughts propel him up from the sofa, suddenly needing to move and stop all this maudlin nonsense. John is back, and their friendship is still strong; it’s more than he should have been able to have. He will be glad for it, by God, and not pine for some unnameable, impossible ‘more’ that John cannot give. He runs long fingers through his tangled curls and realizes he’s not had a shower in too long. Right then: first order of business – shower, dress. Then, find some experiment to occupy his mind and his time until Lestrade brings him something worthwhile. Sherlock stalks over to the window, observing the people on the street. “Somebody kill someone, I’m going mad,” he says under his breath, remembering times when he would shout it through the glass in his frustration and desperation to calm his whirling mental processes. A different time, then. A different
“John, I...” he pulled John down to him for a sweet kiss, trying to convey what was overflowing in him at that moment. “John...”
After a minute, John shifted a little bit and relaxed into Sherlock’s body, huffing a sigh. “There now, was that so hard?” he said, voice muted by a lean chest.
“Well, I guess so, yeah.” John confessed sheepishly. “I mean, it’s none of their business who I’m with, is it? And this is Stephen’s wedding, so it’s likely to be a bunch of people I hardly know and may never see again, and you’ll certainly not see them again. So you don’t have to worry about it being awkward some other time.” He cleared his throat again. “It would really be to get Marjorie to give up her silly fixation on a stupid thing I said twenty years ago and get on with her life.” The
Sherlock turned away from his observation of John to fix his stare on the very gloomy-looking roast beef attendant. Heavy boots under his trousers; uncomfortable shifting from foot to foot; faint red marks under his chin at the jaw; occasionally massaging his wrist as if it ached. It clicked into place and he turned back to John. “I’m surprised you didn’t catch this one, John. He’s got piles, and they’re acting up more than usual. He’s been riding a motorcycle to work, you see; car is probably in the shop this week.” John’s eyebrows rose as Sherlock spoke, and he clapped a hand to his mouth to stifle his giggles before the attendant noticed.
Sherlock whirled around again, heading toward the entrance just in time to interrupt Lestrade as he attempted to direct the incoming forensics team, who were maneuvering a rugged-looking scissor lift out of the back of a lorry. Lestrade waved them off, saying he’d tell the techs to give them free access to the video, and within minutes they were comfortably ensconced in the back of a taxi.
John caught a wide grin blooming on his face. “I think I can manage that. Alright then, don’t keep Lestrade waiting.”
“You don’t know anything about it, Stephen. Piss off!” Marjorie turned her back to John to hide her flaming cheeks.
He dropped his head into his hands, listening to Rosie’s cries, but leadenly unable to move to address them.
Sherlock snorted quietly. “I’d not do that to Rosie - or you - again, John.” They followed their lumbering guide down a long stair into what seemed to be a once-finished basement; the smell of damp and marijuana with overtones of old piss intensified.
Then the lovely motion stopped; John’s hand returning to his shoulder while he blinked at the people standing up around him, applauding. He stood also, just in time to see the bride and groom grinning like fools and walking back down the aisle, hand in hand. The service was over, and the veritable platoon of groomsmen and bridesmaids were trooping out two by two to the strains of ‘Ode to Joy’ being butchered by the organist in the gallery. Marjorie went by on the arm of a strapping young usher, glaring daggers at Sherlock as she passed. He smiled beatifically at her and put his own arm around John, who looked up at him and smiled. (Holmes one, Step-Whatsit nothing.)
“So when you get it… it’s overwhelming, yeah?” John said. Sherlock nodded. “I get it, Sherlock. We can stop, if you want?” John checked Sherlock’s face and smiled at the outraged frown the question produced. Sherlock tensed his abdominals again, nudging John with his erection. John chuckled, and nudged back with his own. “That’s a no, then.” He leaned in to kiss the tip of Sherlock’s nose, then heaved himself up to sitting. He unbuttoned his shirt and took it off, throwing it over the side of the bed, then laid his arms out to the side. “Here’s what we’ll do. I’m all yours – have at me.” And he flopped back on the pile of ridiculous pillows behind him.
“Oi, Jack, what da fuck is dis?” he snarled, his East London accent thick with censure. “We weren’t to be disturbed.”
“Nor do I,” Sherlock said, breaking out into a matching grin. “Shall we learn, then? Lestrade says ‘Messy. Bring your Wellies.’ Ha! Excellent!” He bounded from his chair “Come, John!”
John snickered at Sherlock’s terrible imitation; it was more Schwarzenegger than Brando. While his friend was a consummate actor in many situations, accents were his weak point and John took considerable satisfaction in knowing there was something his friend did not excel at effortlessly. As painful as Sherlock’s botched reveal had been after he had returned from the dead, looking back John occasionally found that terrible French accent and little pencil-line moustache popping into his mind like a Monty Python sketch he didn’t entirely remember. Even now, the image made him chuckle again.
When he got home, no one was there. He pulled out his phone and brought up the calendar. John had linked his calendar to Sherlock’s account, so that he could know when John was at work. Sherlock resolutely didn't smile; while he didn’t talk (out loud) to John when he wasn’t present anymore, he felt a certain satisfaction at this evidence that John viewed their lives together as a given, something to be facilitated as a matter of course.
Sherlock flashed to John’s face after the kiss at the lunch table: bright and pleased and startled. To wistful comments about honey on toast, implying they’d grow old together. To his stuttering confession after a tipsy kiss grew heated: “I got carried away.” To how carefully he behaved afterward, as if he had been worried that Sherlock thought he had taken advantage. The pieces were falling into place, forming a pattern, crystallizing to an astonishing result. Oh. OH!
John groaned. “No, I think I’m going to stay here for now. I’m not really ready to talk to Greg about this case.”
To one side, the shadowy dream form of John’s sister made a break for the hallway, to escape or call the cops or something else, John had never asked. And just as had happened in life, John’s father lunged to grab for her without releasing John’s twisted arm, yanking it hard. The pain of his shoulder popping out of the socket was sudden and blinding -
When he got back there he had cooled off considerably, and the sweat between his shoulder blades had started to feel chilly on his skin. As he entered, he peeled off the hoodie and chucked it on his bed; intending to have a wash and change clothes back into pajamas after using the head.
“She had an arranged day with Mrs. Hudson that I didn’t know about. I’m to collect her after teatime,” Sherlock said. “I had hoped we could spend the afternoon here, but Mrs. Hudson has ‘plans,’ apparently.” his aggrieved tone was mostly put on, but John could tell he was a little anxious.
When Sherlock emerged from his room - dressed, refreshed and more relaxed than when he went in - John was planted in his chair, tea at his side, poking away at his laptop. After years of relentless mockery from Sherlock, John had learned to touch type but he was not fast, and he hit the keys so hard it sounded like he was using tiny rubber mallets on them.
John sighed, and dropped his head to Sherlock’s shoulder, hiding his face. “How much of this is an act, for you? Is it like in the train car when you said we were going to die when you had already found the switch? Or when you were shamming with Janine? You are a very good actor, Sherlock, and I’ve seen you give perfect performances. But I need to know,” he heaved another breath. “Because I’m not actually any sort of a good actor, Sherlock. Not at all.” His shoulders sagged as he breathed out, waiting for the worst.
It was Sherlock’s turn to snort in amusement, and he waggled his phone in John’s direction. “I’ll be fine. I’ve got a few days’ worth to catch up on.” He leaned over to grasp John’s hand and squeeze it. “Go ahead and sleep, John.”
Instead, he nodded gratefully and smiled, then dropped his bag on the bed and unzipped it. The reflection in the mirror over his bureau showed him Sherlock’s progression from anticipatory straightening to faint… was that disappointment? Which was swiftly subsumed into his usual impassive mask. “Yes, well - I’m glad you like it, though I’m sorry if you’re upset we had to remove Mary’s things.”
At last he tore his eyes aside, but took the bowl and put it on the bed. He felt abstracted, an observer of his own actions who watched with no reaction, no emotion whatsoever. This observer-self listed the steps needed to follow through with the idea the bowl had planted, and his body executed them because it would make the shrieking in his mind and the bone-deep anguish shut up. That was all. It was the logical course to take now that his true, monstrous nature had made itself so inescapably obvious.
the track said, as he danced her over to where the platform had rotated the bar away and revealed an honest-to-god chrome monster of a motorcycle,
Sherlock was captivated; the standing split hiked the mini-dress up almost to her waist, revealing a pair of shimmery, lacy, silver knickers along with the scarlet garters from the last verse. The lighting over the stage made the Lady shine, a bright spot of color in the sea of black clothed dancers. Her dancer seemed to sag with lust as he dropped to the motorcycle seat, lips sliding up Lady Grey’s booted thigh toward the scanty knickers. If Sherlock had hated that dancer before, it was nothing to how he felt now.
John walked toward his room, mind spinning even more than it usually did after a session with Duck. His thoughts careened between reexamining his interactions with Major Sholto and his utter lack of awareness about James’ feelings, and apprehensive imaginings of going home and not being able to cope. He hardly watched where he was going, and nearly walked straight into the head-injured woman who he usually saw placidly enduring endless prattle from that bloke in the yellow dressing gown.
“John, come here,” he ordered on Wednesday morning, after the two had finished breakfast. “Sit with me on the sofa.”
“John?” The hoarse rasp of his name snapped him rudely out of his reverie. Duck smirked at him from the chair, his glass cradled in both hands on his lap. “Where’d you go this time? You were smiling.”
“Tedious,” his friend retorted, “Lestrade called. He said the suspect is recovering well, but they need us to clarify the evidence for Anderson’s people so that once he’s out of hospital they’ll have a case to prosecute. Are you coming?”
John turned on his phone and when it had booted up, he pulled up the text app to send a text, tongue poking out a little as he jabbed at the letters.
Sherlock watched his lover, amazed by the intensity of his climax and the beautifully debauched picture John presented now. This was how John should look, always. Sherlock still held John’s softening penis in his hand, and carefully stroked it once before letting go. John gasped with overstimulation, then relaxed again. He started to chuckle. “God, Sherlock, that’s not how I meant this to go.” He put a hand over his face, blushing crimson.
An aftershock twitched through his frame as his mind struggled to come back online and take stock. He registered a gentle hand stroking up and down his spine, another still cupping his buttock possessively. John was murmuring somewhere beside his ear. “That was amazing, Sherlock, oh, brilliant. You’re so beautiful when you come. I’ve wanted this for so long, and now… I can’t believe it. So, so gorgeous.” The reverent litany continued, and Sherlock determined that he felt (
“Well, Sherlock must be there sometimes when people assume things about the two of you. Has he ever said anything to you about it?” Duck raised a mildly inquiring eyebrow as he asked this question. John narrowed his eyes and took a moment to think. Duck had a knack of looking the most casual when he had just asked something that could turn John’s thinking completely on its head, and John distrusted that eyebrow.  “He doesn’t feel things like that, I don’t think, it’s part of his... unique outlook.”
John hedged, “I expect you’ll meet someone more wonderful than me. At least I hope so.” He decided not to address the promise he had made, hoping if he dropped the subject, she would let it go. “I’m being deployed next month,” he said instead, “Afghanistan.”
A minute later (ten minutes? An hour?) he heard a muffled shout through the door which his foggy brain barely processed. There was a bang, and then more noise; abruptly the brightness of the overhead light made him frown despite his closed eyes. Someone slapped him urgently on the cheek, raising him to a sitting position.
The ride was a long one, and by the time they arrived John had dozed and surfaced back to consciousness several times. Each time, Sherlock was there, looking at John with an inscrutable stare, or seemingly gazing out the window, though John noticed his own reflection in the glass directly in Sherlock’s line of sight. His friend was keeping John in view; keeping an eye on him; keeping him safe.
This Sunday morning, Sherlock was particularly distracted by lazy-day details. As Spring rolled along, it was warm enough to forego slippers and thick bathrobes. John’s sleep shirt, a grey Tshirt stretched out and threadbare in places, kept slipping off to one side and exposing unfair amounts of collarbone and trapezius to derail his train of thought. Which had already been following a worn track of trim ankles and bare feet, biceps flexing while eggs scrambled, and that strip of waist that had flashed when something on the top shelf of the cupboard was needed.
Eventually, however, even Sherlock had to admit what was going on with him, with all these feelings swirling around in his head, making him miss vital, important things. Things like Magnussen’s blackmail information being solely in his mind palace. Like the ticking time bomb of John’s marriage, husband to an assassin with everything to lose. Like his own weaknesses being used against him, with disastrous consequences for John, when everything he had done was to keep his best friend safe. His preoccupation had left him backed into a corner there at Appledore, forced to use the least elegant, most brutal force to protect John.
“John,” Sherlock said, “I –“ he closed his eyes; too much input, too much fulfillment of too many hopes at once crashing in on him. He turned his head into the crook of John’s smooth neck, trembling slightly. His arms, which until now had been clutching the bedclothes, slid up along John’s sides to grab at his shoulder blades, clinging tightly. He breathed raggedly; he wasn’t sure what was happening. This wasn’t climax, but he was utterly overwhelmed.
Like now, for instance. Today’s outing was a hike and a picnic, and Stephen had run rings around the older two kids, chattering about everything and nothing while the adults had ambled slowly behind, hand in hand. The unusual mushroom at the side of the trail (“it looks like a marshmallow poo!”), John’s new trainers (“Awesome! With the blue swoosh!”), Stephen’s clear superiority of spelling prowess over his classmates (“Can’t even say ‘infinitesimal,’ let alone spell it, the wankers!”) and Marjorie’s science report (“the volcano tipped over, just before she was supposed to talk!”) received a thorough monologue in a piping voice that occasionally dipped into a pubescent break. Marjorie couldn’t contain her sighs after the first ten minutes, and John had to steer her back to the trail at least twice due to overt eye-rolling at her brother’s antics. Eventually, she hit her limit. “Shut up!” she yelled, “Can’t you for one minute be quiet and just walk along? We’re supposed to be enjoying the nature!”
He leaned forward in the chair, and attempted to take John’s hand; John snatched it away and scowled. Sherlock blew a stray curl off his forehead and continued in a harder tone. “So, yes, we are going to make sure you don’t have the chance to hurt yourself until you can be trusted not to do it again!” Sherlock pierced John with his pale eyes, as if willing him to understand, to forgive, to jump right up and be fine again.
Spike tried to keep his poker face as Sherlock continued, but it was cracking at the edges. “You met up with her last night, intending to get a leg over. When she refused and offered you cash, you became enraged. It didn’t help that you’d been sampling the goods in order to enhance your tryst with Ms. Wilmington; you had a loud row, which her neighbors all heard and thought was the boyfriend. She demanded, and then threatened, and then begged and you lost your temper and snapped; and before you knew it, so... had... her... NECK.” With each of these last few words, Spike flinched as if slapped, breathing like a bellows. The room descended into silence, punctuated by the click of the latch as Jack took his chance to flee.
Instead, John flipped to his stomach, put his face in the pillow and yelled with all his might. The pillow might be thin, but it muffled his outburst well enough. Afterward, he rolled back over and laid in the bed, panting, the back of his head and neck warm with the heat of his shouted breaths. His measured breathing calmed him slowly, and eventually his simmering resentment and anger bled away, back into restless sleep.
“I hate repeating myself, John, you know this,” Sherlock heaved a mighty sigh. “But we might all just be human - even you.” The wiry arm at John’s back tightened and he spoke quietly, carefully. “Isn’t it time to stop beating yourself up for it?” Sherlock took a long, slow breath; John felt his ribcage expand and subside. “It’s not like I haven’t been a shit friend to you in times past, and you came back, you let me back in. Perhaps we’re even, and can go on from here?”
John was aware of Dr Harrington’s murmur of agreement, and of her leaving the room, the door closing with a seemingly thunderous ka-chunk! like the clanging of a cage. Somehow being left with only Sherlock soothed his shock - which left plenty of rein for his anger. “You’re having me
Why?” He began to pace. “I think we need to get back to the Yard, and look over that video footage of the park again. Their people didn’t show me a single woman in all the candidates they offered after we had the initial physical characteristics. How is that possible? Was it ‘men only’ day in the park?” he scoffed. “No. I suspect they’re exhibiting the same unconscious bias that you were. So, shall we? ” He swept a hand out to the side with little bow, every inch the grand showman indicating where the audience should go to be amazed. John chuckled despite himself.
The woman regarded him calmly, untroubled by his antics and observing his discombobulation with bovine serenity. “When my head gets full, I put the outside around it,” she declared in a round contralto at odds with her slight frame. “The bees can get out with all that space, and they like the flowers.” With that, she turned and ambled up the hallway. John noticed she was only wearing one slipper and her other foot was bare, but the day was warm and she didn’t seem bothered by it. He watched her go with bemusement for another moment before taking her odd advice and pushing out the door to the garden.
Abruptly, John couldn’t stay still, stuck in that room that felt too small to contain this new understanding. He rolled off the bed, swapping his pajama bottoms for track pants from the drawer and jamming his feet into his trainers as if the building were on fire. He was out the door in moments, headed for the path that he had run so easily that morning, desperate to put distance between himself and the realization that he had desired his best friend in a way he never let himself desire any man, possibly since the first night they met.
Once he was changed, he marched back out to pack up this things, collecting items and methodically stowing them in his bag while Sherlock looked out the window, or possibly watched his reflection in the glass.
Grey’s eyes softened and something about her demeanor altered, becoming quieter, more focused. John looked out from under the Lady’s wig and paint. “Yes, please.” He took a few steps over to the sofa and elegantly folded himself onto it with a sigh. “These shoes are a killer after the first half hour on them.” He leaned down to begin removing one, but found the foot in question suddenly grasped in long-fingered hands and placed on Sherlock’s lap.
Thursday rolled around, and they still hadn’t made the attempt. Hadn’t even hugged fully. Hadn’t found out if they (if Sherlock) could cope with so much physical contact. They were slated to travel on the eight o’clock train that evening, so he stiffened his resolve and faced up to the problem.
Leaning back had the added benefit of making a bit of room in his trousers; John in his skintight fox outfit was... very stimulating indeed. John maneuvered his dance partner in a pair of swings to either side of his hips, then dipped her deeply to one side, resting her on his bent leg as he dropped into a lunge and seemed to stroke her from neck to knees. Sherlock knew John was a professional and a gentleman, so he would not be feeling up a cast member in front of an audience, but it was quite a convincing facsimile.
The torrent of words halted and Sherlock lay there, panting like he had been sprinting after a murder suspect. He felt lighter, somehow. John lay still on his chest, breathing slow and deep, the fingers of one hand finding their way up into Sherlock’s curls to stroke through them in the way John knew made him purr like a great cat. John raised his head and Sherlock was faintly worried to see the liquid fullness of John’s cobalt eyes until he registered the watery smile that accompanied it, just before John leaned down and kissed him gently, sweetly, with much rubbing of noses and latches of lips and fingers stroking jawlines.
John leaned back into the sofa cushions, riding a cloud of happy endorphins. “Not a problem. I have a car, and my flat is not too far from here, I think.”
Major Sholto had found him there, had gathered him tight in strong arms and poured shots of rotgut whisky into him until he stopped trembling. They had talked for a few hours until it seemed like he could, just possibly, get to sleep that night. There had been a twanging, humming tension rising between the two men as they talked and drank, that put John on edge even as it relieved the pressure on his nerves. Just before he left, the Major gazed at John in silence for a few long minutes, an unspoken question in his eyes that John didn’t understand. When no answer was forthcoming, Sholto had smiled his thin smile, nodded to John and left.
Sherlock had been with him right up until he prepared for bed - his lanky, talkative escort as they wandered the expansive gardens and a quiet companion in the room as John read a novel he had found in the ‘to share’ basket in the hall after their walk. His friend even joined him in the dining area at dinner time, though Sherlock sneered at the idea of eating what John and the four dozen or so other patients were having. John thought the baked fish with not-too-overdone green beans and rice were a cut above the usual hospital fare, but it was still institutional food, bland and impersonal. Despite this, John had some actual appetite and cleaned his plate while Sherlock sipped tea beside him and muttered deductions under his breath.
A lull in their chat left them watching the couples swaying on the dance floor to a slow jazz tune with a cheesy saxophone line. The Vicar’s niece had been dancing with a friend of Stephen’s for the last half hour, and John acknowledged his chance had passed. He sighed.
Amina swatted him on the shoulder, then turned to scoop Rosie another spoonful of mashed sweet potato. “I’ve already said I was glad to do it, and I’d be glad anytime, though I’m sure it won’t be needed,” she said this with certainty, and John smiled, relieved yet again.
“I’ve -” he began, then trailed off, his expressive face wrinkling with confusion. “I...” he blew out a breath. “My sister is a lesbian,” he blurted, “and when she came out, it was... not easy, at home, yeah? It was the year before my parents died in a car crash, and that last year was utter hell for us all.” He scrubbed his face with his hands.
Rosie seemed content to listen to his voice as it vibrated in his ribcage; she sighed a puffing little breath into the skin over his throat. It tickled. As he fell silent, she rubbed her face against him a bit to find a more comfortable spot to lay her head, then sighed faintly and started drowsing again. John wondered if Sherlock had roused Amina and Rosie at 6AM to bring them here, or if they had already been up. He hoped the latter; he already felt embarrassed enough at the trouble he had caused them.
to do all the things he’d been holding in until now. The game was on, and he was allowed. He smiled, and rubbed the back of John’s hand with this thumb.
“Oh, thanks a lot. Like I said, I was young. I wouldn’t be a doctor for another few months, hadn’t been in the Army at all. I learned better.” John’s one-fingered salute lacked conviction, but he made the effort. “Anyhow, it seemed to calm her down, and I didn’t think much of it. I didn’t see her again for at least a year while I trained up, not until Harry’s wedding. She seemed a little fixated on me there, so I asked her to dance to see what was up. She remembered my stupid drunk promise and seemed to just be waiting until she turned forty. I talked her out of it, and she went on her way. We lost touch after I was deployed, I didn’t even try to get leave to go to her wedding when it happened during my second tour. Had hardly heard from her until lately, with Stephen’s wedding coming up and her husband passing. Now she’s emailing a few times a week, asking all about my life, gushing about the blog. Wanting to catch up, and she keeps mentioning her birthday – her fortieth. It seemed a bit odd, that, so…” John trailed off, obviously ill at ease with this part of the story. Silence fell while John’s face flushed a deep red, and he began to speak only to stop, then repeat the whole business again.
John nodded gratefully; after gulping all that water, he did need the loo rather urgently, and he could definitely use a little space. They stood, and he headed from the office to his room.
Eventually his outburst subsided, leaving him exhausted again. He leaned limply in the wet patch he had left on Sherlock’s shoulder, and breathed in and out deeply. Sherlock wore a pine-infused, spicy cologne that teased his nose and the solid body beneath his cheek was warm and comforting. He hadn’t been held like this, sheltered and accepted, much at all in his adult life.
John balled his fists, feeling surprisingly small and thin in his fourteen year old body full of adult fear and rage. “Leave her alone, Da!” He yelped when his father, much faster in the dream than he had been in real life, tried to snatch at his sister who cowered against the wall behind John, and when thwarted, grasped his son’s wrist in a grip that felt like iron. Dream-John struggled and writhed, knowing what was coming, his mind screaming at him to use the training he had to free himself and take down his attacker, but in vain. Just as he had when John was a child, his father got him pushed with his face to the wall, arm twisted up behind his back; the fetid smell of his breath washed over John in a cloud of stale alcohol and onions. “Always gotta be sticking your nose in, eh, John? Sticking your neck out for your sister, even when she’s a fucking slag, a god-damned carpet-muncher? Why’s that, then, Johnny? You one too? Are you a fucking arse bandit, John? A fairy after all? Oi! Where d’you think YOU’RE going!”
It seemed the most natural thing in the world to lay back and unfasten his trousers, then lift his hips to help John slip them off; his pants whisked away in the same motion. He gasped with the release of cramped pressure at his groin. It was John’s turn to stare reverently, jaw slightly slack. Sherlock’s momentary flash of self-consciousness dissolved in his lover’s ardent gaze (
After a minute by his watch, John took Sherlock's hand, merely holding it in both of his. The room stilled, muted sounds of the street below filtering in with the dusty sunlight. John looked at the hand he held. The fingers were long and thin, the bones and musculature clearly visible beneath the skin. The nails were neatly clipped short, and clean underneath. John had seen this hand bruised and scraped from scrambling over rooftops, dusted with powder from exam gloves at crime scenes, and stained with chemicals in the lab. Not today. He turned the hand over and laid it across his palm, contemplating it for itself rather than as a part of his friend. A strong hand, yes, but pale, smooth and soft. A scholar's hand, or a musician's - no rough callouses from manual labor or weather. Except at the fingertips: callouses there, from violin strings. He brushed one with his blunt finger, then a second, and found his gaze arrested by the contrast of his weathered hand against the elegant one he held.
The train ride itself should have been the easy part; ride along in comfort for not more than an hour and a half, then take a taxi to the facility. The wedding service would be held in a chapel on site, so they didn’t have to go anywhere other than their accommodations. Given their train at eight PM, they'd be there by ten-thirty in the evening at the outside, no problem. Which is why it was so very, very frustrating when they came into the station in bloody Swindon, to be told that the track line had a tree across it that would be cleared ‘in just a little while.’ Two full hours of ‘little whiles’ later, Sherlock was about to climb out of his skin, trapped in a seat in the train with nothing to do. He had deduced all the passengers he could see (quietly, for John’s ears alone after John had vehemently shushed him while the first passenger he picked – bank clerk, at least one white cat, told his girlfriend in the next seat he had enjoyed meeting her mother but actually hated it – glared daggers at them) then looked at his email on his phone, and texted Lestrade to tell him to hold any good cases from the next three days until he came back, and made a production of striding the length of the train to use the loo and surfed the gossip sites and the news sites on his phone. And then he sat fidgeting while John placidly read the novel he had brought with him. It was torment of the worst kind, and he said so, repeatedly, at full volume.
“The scrapes we’ve found have been positioned for someone of your height or just below. Statistically speaking, if he were a man, he’d be on the short side - not likely to inspire confidence in potential employers of his skills.”
John dropped his head into his hands as he sat on the side of the bed, legs suddenly rubbery with after-reaction.
Down below, a greying ash blond head came into view. Sherlock notes John has been to the barber this morning, tidying up the very appealing hairstyle he’s adopted over the last year. He looks trim as usual, though his fashion sense had always left something to be desired. Sherlock occasionally catches himself dressing John in his mind palace, the compact body revolving like a mannequin, dressed from pants outward to Sherlock’s exacting standards in the finest of fabrics and rich, deep colors. When he realizes he’s doing it, he packs the mind-John away in a huge wardrobe.
“Yes!” Sherlock exulted. “Precisely so. Our distance killer has struck again.” Sherlock was all leashed excitement now, shimmying in place in his eagerness. “So, where would be the best place for them to have been placed? You’re the marksman between us, John - where do you think?”
They stood like that for a few more minutes, long enough for John to become aware of how relaxed, how
The platform rotated around, bringing Lady Grey into view once more. She was perched on a stool at a bar, in a complete costume change: skin-tight red leather mini-dress with a corseted bustier covered in bright chrome zippers; long black opera gloves and black, thigh-high boots of some synthetic that mimicked wet latex. The boots again sported precariously high spiked heels, and this pair had platforms in the soles as well. If she had been holding Irene’s buggy whip she would have been the toast of any kink club in London. She shot a look over at Sherlock and her face broke into a knowing smirk. Sherlock realized his jaw had dropped and closed it, swallowing the saliva that had pooled in his mouth. This version of Lady Grey was completely entrancing and was sparking a deluge of thoughts, all of them featuring John in varying states of debauchery. He crouched low over his lap to hide what the seductive vision on the stage had done to his anatomy.
John paused, a warm feeling of fond happiness suffusing him and pushing back the swirling anxiousness of the morning. “Hiya,” he offered.
“I just… I don’t see how this will help me be better at coping with my life, yeah?” John scrubbed at his face with his hands, then wiped his damp palms on his thighs. “I mean, it will just complicate my relationship with Sh-” he coughed, then cleared his throat, “er, him, if I’m distracted by this all of a sudden.” John wondered if his face was actually glowing with the heat of his blush; it certainly felt like it.
– with Sherlock. That they were in a relationship. Which implied that they… felt things for each other and… did things together. Physical things. Or perhaps just emotional things – he didn’t expect some relative-step-woman-person to have a nuanced understanding of human sexuality, and for that matter, despite John’s ‘it’s all fine’ acceptance of people as they chose to identify to him, Sherlock didn’t think he would split hairs like that in this instance. So John. John! Had told someone (anyone!) that they were… like that.
Sherlock started pacing like a big cat in a cage, gaze never leaving his target’s face, which had gone shiny with sweat. John tore his own eyes away to check on the other observers of this little drama; Jack had shrunk back and was half out the door they had entered by, looking like he might run at any moment. Davies leaned back in his desk chair, beaming like the finest actors were performing a play, just for him. John determined to keep at least one eye on that one, as he was clearly round the twist - like a Moriarty with less experience, at the start of his career perhaps.
The weight room and locker area were deserted when John got there, and he briskly stripped off and rubbed himself down with a towel to remove the worst of his workout sweat while the sauna heated. He chose a modest 72 degrees C, not wanting to cook too much, but knowing he had a higher tolerance for heat than some after his time in Afghanistan. He grabbed two bottles of water from the fridge near the door (another perk of this posh facility) and stepped into the small, dim room, towels clutched in a bundle over his nudity.
Duck looked as though he would ask more questions, then caught the look on John’s face and reined himself in. They loped along, neither speaking.
“That’s the back,” John said. “Here, let me,” he took the harness back again, righted it, and bent to hold the loops open. “You step in here, right, and there, uh-huh, and these straps go between your legs, and these go up over your shoulders and come together at your chest and …” he clicked the buckle, “there, like that.” He leaned over to check that the harness was not twisted anywhere, skimming light fingers over the straps as they passed around Sherlock’s thighs, up his sides, and around his arms to connect at his breastbone. “Right, that’s good,” he said, patting the straps on the lean chest. He looked up into Sherlock’s face, to find his friend a little pink in the cheeks and looking out at the view of the site.
Sherlock easily unzipped the shoe after a moment of scrutiny at the strapping and slid it off John’s foot. Red marks showed where the straps had rubbed, and John gasped with relief as his foot relaxed into a less contorted position. Sherlock knew John loved how heels made Lady Grey look and how they disguised the masculine size and shape of his feet, but they were not kind to those who wore them. He lightly massaged the foot under his hands, pressing his thumbs into the arch while John sucked a breath through his teeth.
“I dunno,” he said. “Am I really ready?” He felt the creeping heat of a flush coming up the back of his neck, and rubbed at it with an unexpectedly sweaty hand, then wiped that on his jogging bottoms.
All that was behind them now; the truths that couldn’t be changed. John is no longer (was never) married. John does not have a daughter with him at 221B. John has returned to his life with Sherlock, and slowly, slowly, has mostly come back from the places in his mind that those traumatic events took him. Sherlock has found himself wanting to comfort his friend in ways that would likely make John intensely uncomfortable. Physical gestures. Not in… well… that way, of course. John has made it perfectly clear that he is not gay. But just to… put an arm around him when his eyes go deep and far away. Hold him, and feel him allowing Sherlock to take some of the burden for a bit. Drop a hand on a shoulder as he passes, to remind John he’s there. He absently rubs the scar Mary gave him; it still aches at the oddest times.
John took a deep breath, and did as he was told. It might hurt, but in the long run both the stretches and the talking would likely do him good. Duck showed him several stretches that loosened the muscles in calves and quads, hamstrings and gluteals. Some of them were drawn from yoga, he mentioned, and suggested John might consider adding the practice to his routine as it shaped up. “When I started I felt like a right prat, trying to bend myself up like a pretzel on my peg, but after about a month I started to get what all the fuss was about.” He bent almost entirely in half at the hips, legs straight but not locked, palms almost brushing the floor, then swung out to rest on hands and feet in a sort of triangle shape, coccyx pointed at the ceiling, head hanging loosely between his straight arms. “This one’s called ‘downward dog,’” his voice emerged somewhat muffled from his inverted form. “It’s possibly the best full-body stretch there is. Done right, it lengthens the spine, opens the hips and chest, stretches the calves, hamstrings and glutes, and strengthens the wrists and arms.” He walked his hands back toward his feet until he was bent in half again, then raised himself to standing with a loud exhale and a little hand flourish while John reined in his envious gaping.
“John!” Someone was pulling at his arm, trying to tug him up off the ground. “John! That’s enough, now! He’s not going anywhere.” John’s vision was tinged red and his rage was roaring through him.
After a while, John rolled onto his back, tipping his chin up and smacking his lips. His legs straightened, stretching, and a mostly bare arm came up to tuck in behind his head as he pulled in a deep breath. His eyes fluttered open, and he turned his head to regard Sherlock with a sleepy smile. “Hullo, there,” he said, voice raspy with disuse.
Sherlock scoffed from his seat in the chair. “I don’t censor my thoughts. Sometimes I take a little longer to make the connections if there’s too much input.”
It was a timely thought as the thug opened a door into another part of the finished basement, and bright light made them squint when they stepped through into a - surprisingly nice - office. The air here was not as odorous, and a purifier whirred quietly in the corner. A dapper fellow with the pallid complexion of one who rarely saw the sun was counting bills on a clean, modern-styled desk, while another man clad all in leather just a shade darker than his deep mahogany skin looked on. The leather fellow turned a glare their way and faced them fully, seeming to puff out as he did so; at over six feet tall and most of that lean, heavy muscle, the threat in his posture was all too apparent.
John pulled off Sherlock’s cock with an unselfconscious slurp. “I think you’re ready, then, yeah?” His torturous fingers slipped out of Sherlock, leaving him empty and frantic for release.
Sherlock stared at the ground. “I think you’re the right person,” he muttered, but didn’t flinch when John took his hand.
“Fourteen, I’d just turned fourteen the month before.” John rotated his scarred shoulder absently, obviously seeing those events in his mind’s eye. From his expression, they were not pleasant memories.
John snapped awake, echoes of explosions and gunfire ringing in his ears; the scream lodged in his throat emerged as a squeaky whine.
John looked down and scuffed a slipper against the floor, embarrassment keeping him from pressing his question. “I’ll just head back there, then.”
John gasped a breath, and held it, then cut her some slack. He knew how it was, working with patients day in and day out; after awhile all you saw was the diagnosis, sometimes. “You’ve seen my file, I expect. So you know he had reason to worry. But it’s alright, he and I had a talk after everyone cleared out, and I think it’ll be better now.”
“I came in to see if you were alright, and if you planned to get up today,” Sherlock answered somewhat defensively. “You were being utterly dull yesterday, and young Watson and I were going to go for a walk later - well, she’d ride, of course, but you take my meaning, and so you would need to get up soon if you were to come with us.” Sherlock avoided John’s eyes throughout this statement, and his body language was closed, guarded. He kept John in his line of sight out of the corner of his eye, gauging how this went over with his friend.
Duck looked into his eyes a moment longer, then he nodded and stood, indicating the door. “That’s a very good answer, John. That’s the right answer.”
“No, John. Just y’know - check your assumptions. If you let the past be really in the past, you’ll free up your mind for the future. Nothing bogging you down, holding you back from…” Duck trailed off, picking up his glass of water for a long draft, then sat back in his chair.
Every time he awoke, Sherlock was there as he had promised; holding John’s hand, or sitting by his bed texting, or, this last time, asleep with his head pillowed on the bed next to John’s leg. John hated to wake him; it was rare that he slept at all, let alone in such circumstances, but the man would have a horrible crick in his neck if he continued in that position for very long. John’s hand met Sherlock's head carefully, not wanting to startle his sleeping friend too badly. The hair against his palm was lovely and soft, curls slipping to tickle the thin skin between his fingers. He stroked it again, marveling at the texture.
John went through the motions, occasionally chuckling, but mostly observing as if there was a padding of cotton wool around his thoughts. It seemed as though there were two of him: the one gently holding a wiggling child and getting her into a clean nappy and pink sleeping onesie, making faces to elicit smiles and tickling itty bitty feet; and the background observer, a step removed, muttering its own unending monologue of judgment and expectations.
For the next week, John ran and talked with Duck each morning. John usually got tired at around the four or five kilometer mark, but noticed that he was less knackered as the days went on. His sore muscles screamed at him that second morning, but by day four had muted to general grumbling discomfort each time he settled into the loping pace that Duck favored. He knew from experience that the best thing for muscle pain from exercising was more of the same (without overdoing it) and he found Duck to be a careful and considerate running mate.
“Bloody pretentious cock thinks he can do anything, and there’s a criminal, too,” John cracked to Lestrade after they had interviewed the main suspect, a trust fund kid who made threats about his father’s lawyers and his family’s connections and seemed in no way perturbed that his sometimes-girlfriend had been violently murdered in her flat. Sherlock met the little twat’s fronting with cold arrogance of his own, methodically deconstructing the bluster and determining that the youth might be a prick, but he couldn’t have murdered their victim.
Sherlock’s mind was roaring with sensations, suddenly inundated with waves of input from multiple sources. John’s hand, stroking his cock up and down, incredibly sensitive nerve endings sending fireworks up his spine and down to pool in his balls. John’s agile mouth, teasing the thin skin of this throat, then biting and sucking, Sherlock’s head arching back to push into the feeling. He’d have a mark there, he thought, and felt a fierce gladness to be given such a physical reminder of how John wanted him.
“John! How wonderful to see you! How long has it been?” she gushed, breaking into the anecdote her father was relating to them to pull John into a close hug. John tried to keep his distance and patted her back stiffly, eyeing Sherlock over her shoulder. Her voice had a slightly hard note to it; Sherlock hated it immediately.
The fellow swept his lapels as though brushing off dust at “thrill,” and Grey eyed him appreciatively, blatantly, top to toe, and shook a slit-almost-all-the-way-up hip at him. Sherlock caught himself frowning and schooled his features. Grey was gorgeous like this, fearless and imperious in her power to command every eye in the house. He wanted her. Sherlock mentally told certain of his parts to settle down.
“No, I don’t want to back out. I agree with you. But Sherlock, you’re my best friend. I don’t want to make you do something that will be uncomfortable for you.” John looked up from under his brows. “It’s not a requirement of best friends that they do whatever they’re asked, you understand? We’d still be the same as ever, if you backed out now.”
He drew breath to huff an even larger sigh, when he froze, his brain entering ‘what was that?!?’ mode unexpectedly. He’d been aware of John’s arm around his shoulders for ten minutes or so, after that hand had been inspected and released, and now… yes, fingers were teasing the curls at the base of his hairline, petting lightly along his scalp at the base of his skull. It felt… divine. It drew delightful chills up his spine and the back of his neck. His toes tried to curl in his bespoke shoes. His breath hissed out quietly on a long exhale, along with much of the tension in his posture, and he breathed deeply and rhythmically as the stroking continued. It seemed like music was playing (was it?); he heard the coughing and rustling of the guests like white noise in the background.
At their next crime scene the following day, John arrived after paying for their cab to the sound of Sherlock nearly taking Lestrade’s head off when the DI inquired about the marks and whether he’d have to arrest someone for assault.
The cab pulled up to the curb with a jolt in front of John’s bland front door, snapping John from his thoughts. Sherlock shook himself, then hauled his body gingerly out of the cab using his good arm - leaving John to pay as usual. John passed over some notes, telling the cabbie to keep the change. The monologue in the back of his mind kept rolling on continuous loop:
“No taking anything out on Stephen, you hear me?” Mr. Penton said quietly to his daughter. “Even if he was out of line, you talk it out with words. Your pranks aren’t funny and could really get him hurt someday.” Marjorie glared sullenly at the ground and stayed silent as Aunt Brigid and John shared a look.
Sherlock was a fixture of these days as well; dropping in to spend most afternoons and evenings with John and Rosie, and enduring good-natured teasing from Amina. After a fortnight or so of this, on a blustery day he swept in, dropped an unselfconscious kiss on the baby’s blonde curls, then scooped up John to join him for a case, refusing to take no for an answer.
“Don’t worry about it. Duck is the one to release me, and I’m sure he’ll be fine. I went for a run, after all, just like the psychologist ordered.” Again John tried to step back from the hug that had gone on for a good five minutes now, and again was prevented by Sherlock not releasing him.
The thought crossed his mind so softly, he hardly noticed it in the howl of his self-loathing and recrimination, but it was if he could not look away.
“Walk around the grounds and maybe find a secluded place for a good snog,” John declared. “Or erhm… suggest we go back to our room for the afternoon,” he finished, ears reddening.
He drowsed through an hour or two, while the early afternoon light aged into golden early evening, then jerked awake when his mobile buzzed under his thigh where he had stashed it. He snatched it up to see a text from Sherlock, and more coming in.
At that moment, the door opened, and Sherlock half-stepped in; pausing to speak to someone out in the hallway. He crossed the floor to stand in front of John, observing him minutely to ascertain his state. John looked up at him in turn, examining the familiar features as he had done so often in the past. Sherlock looked like he had not had a much better night than John, dark circles showing under his eyes and drawn lines on his face.
John turned his head and caught Sherlock’s eye, who was watching the play of emotions on John’s face with a frown. “You’re not eating?” He said carefully, indicating John’s carton with his spoon. “It will get cold.”
“Why on Earth would you tell her that we were together?” Sherlock rasped. It came out more roughly than he intended, but he was just so surprised. John had a way of doing that to him; it was one of the things that made him so fascinating.
“Anytime someone’s killed, everyone looks for the big, scary bloke with the scar across one cheek,” John cut in. “Well, unless they’re you, they do. But sometimes you need someone ordinary, someone people would overlook.”
Sherlock overslept on Friday morning. He awoke with a start in an unfamiliar room on an unfamiliar bed surrounded by too many ridiculously squashy pillows and covered with a thick, fluffy comforter. He was roasting, and he was alone.
John felt a little like he might be floating, and was glad his hands had clutched onto the back of Sherlock’s coat while he frantically tried to come up with something to say. Sherlock showed no signs of releasing John from his hug, but a subtle tension had crept into his limbs and his heart pounded loudly in John’s ear.
Alongside the insubstantial possibility of actually leaving the facility, How would people treat him - would they walk on eggshells and be afraid to talk with him about anything unpleasant? Would they see him differently? Not trust him anymore?
“What! What is it?” Sherlock snapped, “Can I not have a moment to think?” He stopped on the muddy path and rounded on John, glaring.
And so it went. Sherlock guided John through the shop with a hand on his shoulder or his hip, turning him bodily to face the light or hold a particular item against his compact form. He insisted that John remove his blocky jumper almost as soon as they arrived, to better see how a waistcoat would land or a suit jacket would drape, demanding that the shop assistant bring him a dress shirt or a patterned pocket square as the whim struck. John began to look dazed after the fifth rejected possibility, and resigned after the seventh. When Sherlock sucked in a sharp breath at the ninth example of sartorial elegance, John perked up – perhaps hoping that the ordeal would be over. Instead, he was manhandled into a changing room to put on the potential candidate. John insisted that he go in alone, since Sherlock was taking his role as suit consultant very seriously and looked ready to follow John in to help with the buttons.
The waiter took that moment to deliver their order, and the conversation quieted while they tucked in. All four expressed appreciation for the delicious food and even Sherlock cleaned his plate of pasta with grilled lemon chicken and new peas. John groaned with happiness over his primavera, and then perused the dessert menu with interest. Sherlock observed him indulgently; John had dropped almost half a stone over the troubles of the last year, and he felt a warm throb behind his scar at his friend’s relaxed enjoyment of the meal. (“Is that what boyfriends do? Feed you up?” said a quiet voice from somewhere in his mind palace.)
He only wound down when John’s yawns became too wide to hide behind his hand, and then he stood to leave, buttoning his suit jacket and looking around for his coat. “I’ll let you sleep without your guard dog tonight,” he said with a self-deprecating bow, pulling his scarf from a pocket of the greatcoat and winding it around his long neck. “You’ve got your appointment tomorrow, and Amina has morning classes to teach so I’ll be with Rosamund.”
“Not if I can help it, it won’t. Actually, that’s something I should talk with you about,” John described his appointment schedule for the next little while, that he’d be out in the mornings to see Duck and get back into training. Amina nodded and smiled wide at that; seemed she approved of Duck’s approach.
Sherlock paused the playback, then set it to run at 1/3 speed. He leaned back and stretched himself too, long and tall, blowing out a breath with a loud whoosh. He glanced over at John then looked over more pointedly a second time. “What,” he murmured, voice hushed in the soundproofed room. “John, what is it?”
A moment passed, and then the mattress at his side dipped; Sherlock perching there with Rosie in one arm, the other coming around to pull him against Sherlock’s warm chest, slipping up his spine to curl around the nape of his neck. Rosie chirped and snuggled in close, her colorful plastic keys clacking.
Next to him, his friend also stood. “John,” he said, “whatever it is, just say it. It’s fine.” He ducked a bit to catch John’s eye, his own dark brows raised in enquiry, faint smile on his face.
“Ah ha!” Sherlock said, slowing the video to regular speed. Onscreen, the group of young people emerged from the copse and headed on toward the far exit of the park, merging into a smattering of other people who had kept to the path. Sherlock accelerated the rate and Hammers performed his swan song, passing across the screen in just a few seconds. Once he was down, Sherlock slowed the feed and avidly watched the film play out. John realized he was not scrutinizing the place where Hammers fell, as one would expect, but was watching the copse of trees where they believed the killer had hidden to fire the shot.
“I doubt Greg sees it that way.” John rolled over to face the wall again. “Please tell Amina I’m not feeling all that well, would you? Thanks.”
Sherlock sat back into the chair by the bed, careful not to jostle the drowsing baby too much. “Well, Watson, here’s your Daddy. See? He’s going to be fine.” And he leaned in, clearly intending to pass her over to John’s arms. John wasn’t ready; turning his head away, he gasped for breath and his heart started to pound - which was announced to the room by the monitor above his head beeping double time. He pressed back against the pillows and held up his hands in a warding-off gesture.
, oh, no. Sherlock could almost feel John’s hands sweeping down his flanks as he laid against a sturdy thigh, dizzy from the spins and John’s proximity. He took a gulp of his scotch and smiled as John’s eyes blatantly followed the lift and drop of his Adam’s apple. John winked from behind the mask and it seemed to smile wickedly.
He snorted at that - all his claims to be ‘not gay’ seemed pretty thin, now. He cringed inside thinking of the looks he would get once people learned of this; he was in for a fair share of the piss, that would be for certain. Some would think him a hypocrite.
After a few silent moments, Sherlock seemed to collect himself and find the wherewithal to get moving on the case. “I’ll text. You’ll answer?” this was more command than question, and John couldn’t help but snicker.
For a while he merely basked, occasionally renewing the steam with splashes of water from the bucket, sipping from his bottled water, breathing deeply of the heated, steamy air. The calm quiet and all-encompassing physical sensations of the sauna brought to mind last night’s dreams and their results, and while the heat dampened much of anything, he was still aware of his groin feeling full. He replayed the dream in his mind, enjoying having a response from his libido after so long without, but was soon diverted as it brought to mind the conversation he’d had with Duck about James, and John, and men...
“You have to understand, I had thought of her like a sister since her Dad and my Aunt were together. And she is beautiful, intelligent, intense, and I was not attracted to her at all. Just not my type, I guess. I told her no, and she started sobbing. I was very young and very drunk, and I just blurted out that if she would stop crying, and if we were both alone when she turned forty, that we could give it a try.” John glanced up again, to see his flat mate merely blinking bemusedly. “What? What is that for?” John said defensively.
“No, John,” Sherlock said, dialing the police on his mobile. “I punched a delusional murderer who was trying to drug and kidnap you.”
He looked around the room, realizing John was nowhere in sight. He had said he was going to the toilet, and then the bar, but that was ages ago; surely he would have returned by now? Sherlock excused himself from the table, and headed toward the gents; the first stirrings of alarm giving length to his strides.
Mental note made, John flicked a finger against his phone screen, sending the texts scrolling madly. They slowed at the first text after John had left his room, with a sliver of the photo that had shaken him so badly at the top of the screen. Just a band of color, shirt and coat and bark, with the tiniest bright triangle off center, the bottom of Sherlock’s open collar showing his pale skin.
Sifting through the image results and curling a derisive lip at the conspiracy-survivalist flavor of many of the posts, John saw that modern slingshots addressed the problem of weak wrists with braces that laid across the forearm and kept the slingshot rigid, and that some tips suggested further bracing the entire arm or the slingshot with a stake set in the ground.
Sherlock dropped the atomizer in his pocket and knelt down to John, helping him to sit up, leaning him against Sherlock’s wiry strength. He looked groggily at Marjorie on the ground before him. “Sherlock,” he said, brow furrowed with concentration, “Didjoo just punch a girl?”
He picked it up and ran it through his fingers, smoothing it; John had been here. His tie had been stripped from him, or perhaps he had dropped it so Sherlock could find it. He took a deep breath to calm his racing heart and circling thoughts, then frowned. What was that? He held the length of silk to his nose, inhaling. There was a faint trace of John’s cologne, and a stronger, vaguely chemical smell that made him dizzy for a moment. An aerosol? Some sort of drug, perhaps. That would explain how John had been incapacitated; too nice for his own good, he would have accepted if Marjorie asked to talk to him. And then, when they were unobserved, spray him with a narcotic aerosol and claim he’d drunk too much as he was dragged through the hotel. But where had they gone from here?
John scrubbed at his face and looked up, “I…,” his mobile features twisted with remembered anguish. “I thought it was a trick, at least at first. She’d lied and lied, Duck. I never knew what was true with her. Didn’t even know her right name, just the one she’d put on when I met her. Christ,” he scoffed, “she said she’d named Rosie after herself, but was that even true? There’s not really any way to know for sure, now.”
Instead of the disgust or censure he expected, John saw amazement, and surprise, and guarded hope in his friend’s face.
John shook his head. “No, of course you should go, I’ll be fine - might try out a few more of the amenities before I leave, or something. Just have Lestrade fit you for a helmet, though - don’t want any slingshot stones caving in your head.” He raised a hand to cover the frontal bone where the victim had been struck, and in doing so, stroked his fingers briefly through the dark brown curls. Sherlock tossed his head like a spooked horse, sucking in a startled breath then blinking at John, who stood a moment with his hand still raised, then dropped it and again studied his shuffling feet. “Sorry. But do be careful - you need your skull intact, right?”
He heard the deep chuckle just before the door closed with a clunk, and lay back against his pillows, smiling.
“Hmm,” was all she said, but John could hear the judgment; mother dead, father tries to suicide, nice. He tried not to cringe visibly.
“I might. Have told her. We. Were together.” John gritted out from behind his hands, clearly expecting to be eviscerated for such stupidity. When the explosion didn’t immediately come, he peeked out between his fingers. “Sherlock?”
John dropped back down on his heels, breaking the kiss, and cast his gaze to the side while clearing his throat. From the corner of his eye he saw Sherlock doing the same, though neither seemed willing to step back from their intimate embrace. “I, um, I-” John stuttered, looking around everywhere but up at Sherlock again.
Hammers turned his head and, almost too quickly to follow, was forcibly knocked over behind a bench by the path. John’s shoulder twinged with the tension he had been holding and he rotated it, sighing, to loosen up the clenched muscles, one and then the other, and dropping his head back and forth with subtle crunching noises loud in his ears.
Over the next 24 hours or so, John woke sporadically: to a nurse taking his pulse, to someone changing the IV fluids, to the routine checks of a hospital patient. John remembered this part of the process from his shoulder wound; hospitals kept body and soul together until it was stable enough to go somewhere else and heal. While actually in hospital, there were constant interruptions of sleep, temperatures that were too hot or too cold, and desert-dry, filtered, conditioned air keeping mucus membranes parched and sore and making one constantly thirsty. While he professionally appreciated the work hospital staff did, it was never enjoyable to be a patient. God, how he hated hospitals from this side of the bed.
John wearily tipped a dash of milk into his tea, took a sip (too hot!) and scooped another tiny spoonful of the colorless rice cereal out of the bowl, offering it to Rosie. She clamped her rosebud mouth firmly shut and, looking at John all the while, evaded all his attempts to feed her the smooth pap.
Sherlock stepped back a pace, the gown held reverently in his hands so John could step out of it. Beneath, John wore the scarlet garters, black silk stockings and a shaping garment to sculpt his waist a bit - and the silver knickers. It was clear that John had not been unaffected by their proximity tonight, his tumescent prick pressed to one side and escaping from the dance cup beneath the underwear. He raised an eyebrow inquiringly.
Ironically this story, centered as it is around depression and its effects, keeps getting derailed by my own experiences with depression. For me, the creative urge is the first thing to go, and rarely the first thing to return. Things are better now, and will be better still to come. I hope you all enjoy this update!
Sherlock recounted the events of last night: the discovery that Marjorie was a murderer, his frantic search for John, finding Marjorie dragging him towards a car, taking her down and calling the police.
Afterward, he hadn’t thought much about the actual words his father had said; just remembered the fear, and the threat to Harry, and the pain, so overwhelming to his young body. He’d certainly had worse since then, but the pain and the emotional anguish loomed large in his recollection as the single most terrifying moment in his life until he went to Afghanistan.
“I know. Sherlock got worried when I didn’t respond to his texts - assumed I’d had a crash and was off somewhere maybe injuring myself. I was right cheesed about it until I remembered he had put his fingers down my throat to save me less than two weeks ago - fair to say, he’s allowed a few freak outs. It was a shame he had to involve the nurses, though. He is… not kind when he’s riled up.”
John regarded him with an enigmatic smile. “Maybe when you retire, you can live in the country and keep some of your own,” John took his hand as they made their way back to the hotel building. “And I can eat the honey on my toast.”
Luck was on his side. Just as Sherlock was drawing breath to continue the argument, both his and Sherlock’s phones trilled simultaneously. Sherlock startled and then snatched his phone out of a pocket, while John’s was already in his hand. They both read Lestrade’s text - John with hope for a reprieve, Sherlock with irritation stamped on his ascetic features. The message seemed to further irk him, and he scrubbed at his curls with one hand while dramatically groaning over it. “For god’s sake, Lestrade! It’s just looking at some video! How many people could possibly be in and out of those trees last night? It’s hardly Piccadilly Circus!”
When the counting was finished, Davies looked up at them again. “Still here? Well, then,” he handed a wrapped stack of bills to the leather bloke. “Gary, just put these in the safe, won’t you?” Leather guy twitched and scowled as his decidedly less-than-terrifying name was revealed, but took the bundled money and headed for a door at the back of the room.
It was eerie when Sherlock seemed to know what he was thinking. “I should hope not,” John retorted under his breath, “You’d never get the smell out of your coat.”
“I’ll bring Watson around for a visit tomorrow afternoon, if you like?” he said after a moment, squeezing John’s hand then letting it drop as he headed for the door.
“John, can you hear me? John!” Sherlock’s deep voice was frantic; rough hands shook him, trying to rouse him from the stupor of the drugs. “Amina! Dial 999 immediately!” Sherlock roared out the door. A female voice gave an unintelligible answer. “Tell them to bring an overdose kit! John, goddammit! Wake up, John!”
The next day’s run was the best yet; five laps and he was still full of energy at the end, grinning, flushed and breathing hard. No doubt his legs would protest later in the day, but at the moment he felt fantastic.
“John,” he gasped, when they had to come up for air, “I want –“ he slid a hand down John’s sternum and onward, following the thin line of hair that led to a soft belly and further. “Can I –“ long fingers tapped the button of John’s trousers tentatively.
“You don’t have to,” John offered, though the prospect of crushing loneliness drained conviction from the statement. “You’ve done so much already.”
He had a goal, now: to discover all the places John Watson liked to be touched. He took his time, stroking fingers over taut pectorals, brushing lightly over pebbled nipples and savoring the gasp that was produced when he tasted there. John squirmed when he dragged fingers along smooth flanks, and chuckled throatily when he slid up into lightly furred armpits, inhaling John’s musky scent from the source. Biceps and triceps were mapped and lightly massaged, to hums of contentment from John.
Sherlock gasped, his head thrown back against the pillow, “John!” It seemed the only word he knew anymore, as his lover skillfully brought him to the edge of orgasm, then backed away only to start again. John’s grey-blond head moved between Sherlock’s legs, twisting and pulling with heat and perfect suction, then breaking for lapping licks and teasing swirls of his nimble tongue. One strong hand pressed Sherlock’s long leg toward his chest, gently rubbing at the tendons behind his knee; the other stroked him inside, two fingers scissoring and stretching, passing gently over his prostate with deliberate precision.
This time, no shrill ringing broke the moment, and neither man seemed inclined to step back with any sort of haste. For John’s part, he concentrated on the sensations of being comforted and held, of letting someone else take his burden for a bit. He could easily get used to having this feeling in his life more often; he suspected he’d come to crave it if he wasn’t careful.
One night as John was emptying out his pockets after a shift at the surgery, he noticed the little bowl where he stowed the bits and bobs of a doctor’s day that might be risky for little hands to get hold of was rather full. He dumped it out on the bed, surprised to realize he had all sorts of things in there: the odd button, spare plasters, more than one loose bullet for his gun, a few cough lozenges in battered wrappers. Also there were half-used packets of anti-nausea tablets and free trial packs of painkillers the big pharma companies would give to clinics to encourage later prescriptions.
“I’m so sorry for what Marjorie did,” Tim said, clutching his wife’s hand. “I just can’t understand it. How could this have happened?” He clearly had had a sleepless night, and seemed painfully bewildered by his daughter’s actions.
His heart thumped with a little dread, but he breathed deep and firmed his upper lip, dropping a tight nod to punctuate the thought with determination.
“Nonsense, he’s already past your rather thorough take-down of the suspect, I’m sure. You’ve given him all the time in the world to build an ironclad case. Usually he’s scrambling before the murderer gets a solicitor and posts bail.”
Lady Grey was dancing through the refrain of the song now, passing from one to the next of her three principal dancers with smooth grace and blatant sexuality on display in her every move. Grey and her three partners, surrounded by the BDSM-flavored chorus pairs, sensually tangoed to the percussive samba music back and forth across the stage. As the song drew to a close, the Mycroft-dancer again was hurled to the floor on his face; Sherlock couldn’t restrain his satisfied smile at the sight. The silver-haired biker and the Westwood-suited fellow formed up behind him, each down on one knee with their bent legs together. Grey twirled around them, then as the final staccato music sting was sounding, sat down on their knees as though they were merely furniture, casually throwing an arm over the biker’s shoulder and stroking a hand along Westwood’s jawline. The chorus dancers had swirled into place at just the right moment to form a sort of peacock-tail made of bodies, arms and hands held wide, fanning out from behind Grey’s seated form on her own human throne. In perfect time with the music, she planted both shining feet on the Mycroft-dancer’s back while he jerked as if receiving an electric shock. The lights held them in frozen tableau for a long moment, then the stage went black.
The conversation started back up once everyone had eaten as much as they were going to; John asked what had happened to Stephen – he was sorry this business had overshadowed the wedding. Brigid snorted with a bit of restored vigor; turns out the bride’s family thought the excitement was a great thing and they would be the talk of their circles for years. Stephen and his bride were more aware of the human costs, but had still gone on the elaborate honeymoon the bride’s father had booked them. There was little they could do to help at the moment, and the tickets were bought. They had flown out last night on a later flight than originally planned.
“Thanks, John,” Duck said sincerely, “I work at it, so that’s nice to hear from someone whose job it is to pay attention to such things.”
Lithe arms unwrapped from around John’s torso as Sherlock lifted his head and leaned back to peer down. “John? Are you all right?” Crinkles of concern furrowed his brow and he scanned over John’s face. “You have become increasingly tense in the last few minutes.”
John’s snort of irritation stirred Rosie’s blond curls, and she made a giggly little cooing sound and wriggled against his chest, pressing her face into the crook of his neck. He instinctively covered her back with his hand, feeling the pull of the IV cannula in his skin and grimacing at the pain. He switched hands, moving the IV one to her bottom with less pulling on the tubing, and supporting her back with his free hand. She seemed happy to settle there and rest with minimal fussing.
Duck laughed delightedly, and waved away the issue. “If I had a pound for every patient who smuggled a phone in here, I could retire tomorrow a rich man. As long as it hasn’t adversely impacted your recovery - and I’d say it has not - it’s no skin off my nose. Now, why weren’t you in your room, if you were expecting Sherlock to visit?”
Looked at what to him was the dearest face in all the world, still slightly flushed on the cheeks with repressed emotion, lips pressed calmly together to hide his expression, eyes filled with understanding and sorrow and a myriad of colors and depths he’d never find the bottom of. He looked into those eyes for what seemed like an hour, until the pull of them drew him up on his toes and he pressed his lips against Sherlock’s, softly, gently.
“Dull, John. Those rules are for people who have active drug problems or might send out for a pizza because they’re bored. You will use this to text with me, and possibly to answer your emails, but you’re not a risk to the powers that be.” Sherlock fixed him with a sharp stare. “And you won’t get caught with it, will you?”
John wobbled noticeably in his posture. “Er, fine, I guess.” He resettled himself in the stance again, then sighed and amended his statement, “actually, pretty rubbish. I didn’t sleep well after I had a sort of… well, not a fight, but not the easiest conversation with Sherlock.”
A fair assumption based on past behavior, Sherlock acknowledged, but he couldn’t bring himself to do it now. His own temper deflated, and he sighed. “I think I could use that tea after all, and then you can tell me about it,” he offered.
The changing room door opened, and John tentatively stepped out. The light grey fabric of the suit seemed to shimmer in the bright, indirect lighting of the changing area, and the high cut neckline of the matching waistcoat framed his square jaw, contrasted by a charcoal dress shirt and vivid sapphire tie. His eyes glowed endless blue as the lights caught them. John shuffled nervously as he regarded Sherlock.
“John,” this time the word reverberated in the confines of the room, full of relief and wonder and such happiness that John marveled his drab name could hold so much. He raised his head to meet Sherlock’s shining gaze, his cheeks pink with emotion and his full lips curved into the softest smile John had seen on his friend, ever. “Yes,” Sherlock said.
“Marks from the helmet strap on his jaw, motorcycle boots under his uniform, wrist hurts from turning the throttle when he’s not used to it, and can’t stand still for more than a minute without adjusting his stance using a truly unfortunate amount of rear wiggling. Really John, you’re a doctor – shouldn’t you be the one telling me this?” John’s giggling was infectious, and Sherlock started to laugh, too. He found he couldn’t look back at the attendant without breaking out into chuckles again, and John couldn’t even see Sherlock look at the bloke without losing it.
John snickered, then heaved himself out of bed and headed for the bathroom. “Don’t stop talking; back in a tick,” he threw over his shoulder. He didn’t close the door all the way, and Sherlock heard him start to relieve himself. He stuttered a little in his recounting, then coughed to cover and resumed.
"Not so much the gun as the telly, John. It's incredibly stupid and should be put down." Sherlock paced around the kitchen, restlessly holding microscope slides up to the window to look through them then putting them down on the nearest flat surface.
Rosie was warm on his chest, her limbs relaxed and limp as she snoozed. John could smell her under his chin; that undefinable baby-smell that was so sweet. He remembered being amazed by that fragrance when he and Mary had brought her home; he’d sit in a chair with her and just breathe it. “Bonding pheromones,” Mary had said. “You’re bonding to her.”
he thought as she finished patting and squishing his face with her chubby hands and then turned her attention back to her lunch, leaning precariously over to grab for a bright carrot morsel and squawking when she couldn’t reach. “Alright then, I can see what’s more important to you, my hungry little rascal.” He put her back into her chair, then sank into one of the kitchen chairs himself and accepted a mug of tea from Amina with a smile and a sigh.
John felt sick. He snuggled the baby more closely against himself and rubbed her back with his hand.
Late June rolled around, and John took a train back to Brighton a week before the wedding for a proper visit. He’d asked Harry if she wanted to travel together, but she said she’d just come down for the weekend of the wedding itself, and confessed rather endearingly that she was bringing a plus one. John looked forward to meeting the woman who could make his tough sister sound like that. He had some news of his own to give the family: his enlistment in the RAMC after his medical degree was complete. He wondered how they would react – he knew the adventure appealed to him, and the financial assistance toward med school was substantial and necessary. Harry and Aunt Brigid were the only blood kin he had left; of course they would worry about him in the army.
John grinned too, and then they were hugging again, tightly, tighter, and John never wanted to let go. They had gotten turned around somewhat in the course of
They spent a pleasant afternoon playing with Rosie and talking over a few cases that Sherlock had in his email, debating whether they were a 4 or a 7 and whether they merited Sherlock’s attention at all. The conversation was spirited at times, and John enjoyed it very much.
“Can’t trust them, I find. Photographers, I mean.” Sherlock said, leaning back against the bar and nudging John with his hip. “So hard to find one who doesn’t have an ulterior motive.” He smiled a secret smile, just for John; excluding Marjorie from the joke. John and he stared into each other’s eyes for a moment, grinning.
After a few more minutes he felt groggy and uncomfortable in his desk chair. This would never do; he should lay down, shouldn’t he? He slumped onto the bed, and his hazy mind sent a silent apology to Sherlock and to Rosie, asleep just down the hall. He settled on his back, letting his hands flop to his sides any which way. He felt the tears leak from his eyes and run down into his hair over his ears as his heavy eyelids sank closed. He was so tired. It would be nice to get some sleep, some rest. To stop for a while.
Even as the words came out of his mouth, that tiny voice spoke in the back of his mind, as it had more and more frequently all week.
Duck’s weathered countenance gentled, his eyes full of something tender. “John, think about the people you know. The people who matter, I mean. Are they likely to be anything but relieved to have you home, and happy that you’re getting back on your feet? Be honest, now.”
“Oh, think pretty highly of ourselves do w - hang on, what’s wrong with my clothes? I dress just fine!”
Up ahead, he saw a pair of his teammates, talking to a slight figure in dark clothes and holding a satchel up out of reach. Something in the picture made him frown, and he hastened toward them.
Returning to bed, John settled on his back, palms cupping his skull firmly, eyes closed. He did his best to think about Bag of Hammers and his probable mafia-connected murder. After a while, it seemed to work, and he pondered a hitman
“You’re in better shape than most of the people I come across,” John said, finally noticing they were jogging as his breathing started to affect his ability to keep up the conversation. “Better than me, for certain. There hasn’t been much time to get much exercise, lately.” He felt his body heating up as they ran, a dew of sweat forming at his hairline. After a few more steps, he seemed to find his stride and settled at Duck’s left, looking around at their surroundings as they passed. Trees, shrubs, and some clumps of flowering perennials went past on one side, the wrought-iron fence and a patch of grass along the outside on the other. The path was as level and well-kept as a university track; and not a soul was to be seen through the greenery.
“What, they’re comfortable,” he said, holding in a laugh. “And I wouldn’t want to be disrespectful.” His chuckles were lost in a gasp as Sherlock waited no longer to take the pants off.
He heard them before he saw them, and slowed to hide between two parked cars before confronting Marjorie. If she had more of the aerosol, he’d need to take precautions that he didn’t get a dose himself. He peeked up over the boot of the sedan he was crouched behind and froze. Marjorie seemed to be directing a tirade at John, who clearly was not cooperating.
John had snapped out of the abstracted stare where his unpleasant thoughts had led him as his carton of dumplings was taken out of his hands and set aside. Next he was drawn to his feet by large, warm hands, and wiry arms wrapped around him without a word said. He stiffened and tipped his head back to offer Sherlock a look of profound puzzlement.
“Keen, then, are we?” John asked from his place between Sherlock’s spread knees, “there’s no rush – we have all afternoon.” His face was serious but humor lurked in his deep blue eyes.
John nodded, and turned to slip off his shoes, then headed into the kitchen to see Rosie. There she was, ensconced in her highchair, a decimated bowl of pasta and soft carrots spread out on the tray in front of her. She was whacking her spoon against the surface and shrieking for some reason of her own, and John blinked at the cacophony. “Hey now, Rosie,” he soothed, “what’s all this fuss?”
John snickered, which bloomed into a full-blown laugh as he pictured making Sherlock go for a run when he was stymied on a case. “I know someone who you’d never convince of that, though he’d probably benefit from it.” Feeling sticky and hot in his hoodie, he zipped it open and flapped the sides to circulate some air into his armpits.
“...but you had to be the hero, so we’ll need to watch it for infection and it will hurt like a bitch for two weeks at least, and I could have killed you, don’t you see?”
John, still blinking at the notion of Sherlock calling him ‘quite fit,’ had agreed and said his goodnights without looking his friend in the eye.
Waited until Sherlock roused himself enough to open his eyes, about to impatiently demand his lover get on with it; then nudged just the tip of his penis into Sherlock’s body. The expression on John’s face arrested Sherlock’s testy words, eyes widening as the serenity and adoration on his partner’s face registered. “...John?” he whispered.
“Oh, yeah, how the tables have turned,” John retorted jokingly. “Sherlock Holmes telling me to eat. What’s next? Regular sleep? Ha!”
“I’m trying to imagine you being flustered by a woman crying. I’m not having much luck, given your track record when you first moved in here.” Sherlock said with brutal honesty.
“Wow,” John breathed, jaw slack. Sherlock nodded in ardent agreement. “Is that me? Imagine stumpy old me looking like this.”
“John,” Sherlock chimed in, “I’ve been doing some research on this, and I think you should at least think about it.”
The dancer took Grey’s wrist and lifted the scarlet-nailed hand to his lips; he and Lady Grey began to revolve around each other while the music vamped; stepping out to arm’s length and then tightening the distance between them until they were pressed together in a tight clinch. Abruptly the dancer dropped to one knee on the stage, umbrella cradled in the crook of his elbow, pleading as Lady Grey continued with the verse:
When they arrived, Irene said somewhat sharply, “My dear Sherlock, I brought you a lovely tart for your dessert. I suspect it’s your favorite flavor.” She dropped Grey’s arm and with a falsely sweet smile exchanged Continental kisses with her headliner, muttering something in the Lady’s ear that made her giggle.
… are you?” Her face had gone pale, and she fixed John with a pointed look, indicating Sherlock with a dismissive gesture.
A report came back a few hours into it - the suspect had pulled through but would be months in the healing. He might not regain full use of his arm. John received the news stoically, seemingly unmoved.
“You were in your Mum’s belly before you were born, too, sweetie,” Dr Harrington said. Rosie responded to the tone though John knew she probably didn’t know what was being said.
Duck regarded him calmly from under his bushy brows. “But there is, isn’t there?” His face mirrored only open curiosity and interested acceptance.
Rosie was another story. She squawked and wiggled after a few minutes, ready to be doing something else. Her fidgeting brought reality crashing down onto John - embarrassment, bred into him by generations of British fortitude, asserted itself and caused him to spring away. “God, I’m so sorry,” he stuttered, “I’ve got you all damp, Sherlock, sorry.” He cuffed away the moisture on his face and snatched a tissue from the bedside table to blow his nose.
“I urge you to argue against attending the group sessions if your psychologist suggests them, John,” Sherlock said quietly, “at least three people here lack actual diagnoses and just want to talk about themselves to someone who is obliged to listen, so there is little you could gain from that. Look over there: that fellow with the yellow dressing gown, atrocious color, makes him look like he’s got a liver condition. Subtly, John, don’t stare! He’s blathering endlessly to that poor woman next to him. She’s clearly here because of a head injury, and apparently doesn’t realize her table mate never shuts up. I would have turned his plate into his lap by now, his chattering is so banal.”
John spun away, spine locked with the need to be unreadable to the most perceptive man he’d ever known. He cleared his throat awkwardly. “Because I was thinking, and it wasn’t getting me anywhere, and I went for a run to see if it would shake something loose, like Duck said it might.”
“Relax, little brother,” Clara said, when he visited her in her changing room in the rear of the reception hall where the civil ceremony was to be held, “you’ll break plenty of hearts today. All the girls will swoon over you, and a fair few of the blokes, too – well, except the lesbians, of course, so it will be a challenge to pick the right ones, yeah? I’ll tease you forever if you try to pull one of my exes.” She whacked his arse with the back of her hand. “Here, unbutton your waistcoat; I’ll help shorten your braces. And ow, what is your bum made of? Bricks? That hurt!”
If he did sleep, it was the opposite; once he was unconscious it would be a struggle to get up again, even with the nightmares. It was like the comfortable cocoon of his duvet and pillow exerted a siren call against which he had to fight harder and harder each day before groaning out of bed to meet his obligations.
“Now, John, I’d never put you in a suit like that. You’d look jaundiced.” He waved a hand negligently. “Besides, Mycroft pays my account here; says he needs me to look the part.”
For that matter, Sherlock found having to stop to be rather frustrating, too. His body was certainly interested in the replays; he was thickening in his trousers already. Well, he wouldn’t have to stop anymore, he told himself. John opened the bathroom door at that moment, and Sherlock popped up to catch him in a kiss, open-mouthed and fervent, arms curling tightly around a muscled form. John reeled back a step or two, then gave as good as he’d got; expertly taking control of the kiss and walking Sherlock backward toward the bed until the backs of his knees hit the mattress and he folded to sitting. He looked up at John, vexed, and blew a wayward curl off his forehead.
Sherlock silently nodded, while inside he was shouting in frustration. What – what could John possibly have been going to say? He both needed and dreaded to know.
“I was getting up for the loo,” John said, and discovered it was true; he needed the toilet rather urgently. He leaned forward to stand, and wobbled precariously while his legs remembered what they were for. Sherlock lunged forward to catch him by the elbows and steady him. John felt a draft of cool air across his bum - he was only wearing a hospital gown, open at the back. He scrabbled at the fabric to pull it around him again.
They piled into the foyer and hung up their coats, dropping John’s bags by the stairs. The commotion attracted Amina, who met them in the sitting room. Sherlock hovered watchfully and John stood awkwardly, unsure of how to greet the person who had cared for his daughter while he was unable to do so. Amina had no such compunctions - she strode forward and caught a surprised John in a fierce hug. “Welcome home, ye great numpty. It’s too quiet around here without you,” she said, “let me make us a cuppa while you get yourself sorted. Rosie’s in the kitchen, making a mess of her lunch as usual.”
They fell silent and basked in the lassitude of the afterglow and their understanding of each other. There may have been purring, and eventually there was sleep.
John’s transfer from the A&E observation unit to the rehab facility was as tedious and uneventful as he expected: paperwork, getting dressed, rolling out in a wheelchair - god how he hated that part. It made him feel decrepit.
Duck hmmm’ed and reset them in the pose on the other side; John’s left thigh was grateful for the respite but his right was already shuddering.
Duck snorted his agreement. “John, I don’t think you should be worried about having been ‘repressed your whole life,’” his air quotes used all five fingers, like goofy claws, “sexuality can be fluid. Yes, it’s possible that you had been avoiding this realization; people do successfully repress things for remarkably long times sometimes. But it’s also possible that you’re almost entirely oriented toward women and there’s just one or two men out there who you might ever be attracted to, and it’s taken this long to meet them or to recognize that potential. So, what do you want to do about it?”
Immediately, back it came - Rosie pushed the cereal out of her mouth and down her chest with an indignant squawk, spraying particles of the bland cereal out over the tabletop. John watched some of it land in his tea and his jaw tightened.
John cracked one eyelid and squinted at the lanky form in the doorway. “I was considering it,” he grumbled. “Had a bit of a rough night.”
“John, please,” Sherlock said, and that tight note was back in the deep baritone, a crack in the smooth velvet sound that revealed profound concern.
“The paramedics looked you over, and declared you fine, aside from the drug; a little bruised but nothing major. Said you would sleep it off, and helped me get you up here. You rather indignantly insisted on changing for bed, though you needed… er, help.” Sherlock’s cheeks bloomed pink, and he was glad John had moved on to vigorously scrubbing his teeth and couldn’t see. “The paramedics had left by then, so we got you out of your suit, and into your pajamas. Then you hit the bed like a downed tree and have been out cold entirely until this morning.” He sighed ruefully.
He would just have to live with it, he decided. He loved John, and he was certain John loved him as much as he could love any man. That would have to be enough. He would make it be enough.
“Second or third tier, on the corner closest to the body,” John replied easily. “Second, for preference; less total distance, and less to climb.” While his rather limited sniper experience was several years out of date, the skills remained and the wide open shot corridor was as plain as day to him. He shared a grin with Sherlock over his glib answer. They arrived at the structure, where iron girders were bolted to massive concrete columns in regular ranks. Overhead, crossbeams loomed, throwing geometric shadows on the ground at their feet. “So, how do we get up there?” he asked gamely.
Well, he’d just have to look carefully the next time he saw Sherlock, that’s all; that brain was too amazing to pickle with drugs.
that altered John’s perception of his father forever. Not a man any longer, but a monster who would threaten his daughter with gang rape and leave his son on the floor, passed out from the pain of his dislocated shoulder.
John turned to face Sherlock more fully, his expression perplexed. “Yes, Sherlock, just that. Did you expect something else?” his hands clenched against his thighs defensively.
John felt himself turned on his side, and then fingers were invading his mouth, sliding their way much too far toward the back of his throat. The sensation of them was intensely unpleasant until it was unbearable, and his stomach heaved while his teeth clamped down on the intruding fingers. They did not disappear, though; they continued to tickle until he heaved again, bringing up a flood of bitter-tasting liquid, thin with water and peppered with white, melting tablets.
John was in a towering fury that Sherlock had been hurt, and when he caught up to the suspect, he had brought the man down with a tackle to the legs, then jumped back to his feet to deliver a pair of punishing kicks to his back and side. It all went a little fuzzy after that, but he remembered throwing punches, knocking feeble attempts at protection aside and driving in, again and again.
Lestrade looked between the two incredulously. “The hell’re you talking about? There was only one hammer, and no bag,” he said, then huffed in irritation as John and Sherlock snickered like schoolboys. “Fine, I don’t bloody care as long as we get the bastard that’s doing this, if they are linked. I’m not having it if the Mafia is doing its dirty work in London.” He slurped a mouthful of coffee from the mug off his desk, then grimaced at the cold bitterness. “What do you need, Sherlock?”
“All right! I started to think maybe she was remembering that whole thing with the marrying at forty as a way to cope with losing her husband, so I…” He heaved out a breath, dropped his face into his hands and said, muffled by his palms, “Imighthavetoldheryou’remyboyfriend.”
Sherlock silently stood and waved Dr Harrington to his chair; John gave her points for ignoring him and crossing to stand at John’s bedside. “It’s John, please. I’m a little weak, still,” he said, “But already sick of being here.” He flashed her his most charming smile; it was good policy to be friendly to the ones who prescribed your meds.
“That’s true. I suppose you could have her genetics tested, if you’re really concerned.” Duck seemed to think it a small thing, if his offhand tone was anything to go by.
He leaned up again; slowly, carefully, never taking his eyes from Sherlock’s, giving him every opportunity to shut John down if his action was unwelcome. Sherlock watched him come, until his eyes slid shut and he was leaning down to meet John in a full, active press of mouths. Sherlock was aided by his hand on John’s jaw, keeping John firmly in place while he used his sinful, Cupid’s-bow lips to make it entirely clear that John was not just welcome, but enthusiastically encouraged to pursue this kiss.
He snatched his hand back, his palm chilling rapidly in the cool air, and backed out of the room to shut the door on the sight of his daughter. “Best get to bed,” he said under his breath, heading for his own room.
“Then I’ll take Jeremy here and be on about our work getting the other patients settled back down.” She snagged her compatriot by the elbow to get him moving, and shot the still-immobile Sherlock a wearily unflappable stare. “Sir, as you can see,” she addressed him, “Dr Watson is fine. Perhaps in future you can avoid making a scene until you’re certain it’s warranted, hmm?”
Sherlock bowed his head and pondered John’s words for a few minutes, turning them in his mind; while John quietly waited, holding Sherlock’s near hand with fingers interlaced. When he raised his head and stood up, John stood too. “John, would you like to go back to our room for the afternoon?” Sherlock asked archly.
Sherlock knitted his brows, nonplussed at Duck’s easy acceptance. John could see him analyzing, trying to figure out just what made this unusual man tick. “Better the truth than a polite fiction, or a feel-good story,” he retorted. Sherlock clearly still felt slighted that John wanted to talk about his feelings with Duck and not himself.
John dropped back a pace to watch his companion’s movement, still enthralled with the technology and its application in this case. “Your stride is very smooth. I had noticed a little hitch to your gait yesterday, but never thought it was more than a cramp or shin splint.”
“If he’s not, you’ll never get him to admit it,” John replied grimly. He suddenly wanted not to be there, not to have to see other people noticing and reacting to his handiwork, unintentional though it may have been. Not have to see the occasional twinges of pain as they passed across his friend’s face and were ruthlessly suppressed. Not to have to face what he had done.
And Sherlock was off, enthusiastically describing the gory details of a messy murder scene, much to the chagrin of their cab driver. That worthy soul kept shooting Sherlock slightly wide-eyed, concerned looks in the rear view mirror, clearly wondering what kind of nutter he was transporting.
Sherlock smiled. “I suspect you know more about that than I do. However, my point is that this person is not physically large, and has chosen an unconventional weapon as their
“Oi, what the bleedin’ ‘ell d’you think you’re doin’, mate?” A nasal yell came up from below, where John looked down to see the foreman, hands on hips, glaring at them.
“Obviously. Sit here, at the end. I have some thinking to do about that question the entomology professor emailed yesterday.” Once John was settled, he flopped down on the rest of the sofa, his head in John’s lap. It was surprisingly comfortable.
favor, or at least a free pass from taking the piss for a year - possibly two) He sent his friend a ‘be
“Well and good; there’s a little path up here on the left, just take that and we’ll walk back.” Duck continued his jog right up to the indicated path.
John scrutinized Duck skeptically. “What aren’t you saying here, Duck? You’re dancing around something.”
“John, stop!” Sherlock’s weak cry penetrated the fog of fear and rage that John was spewing, and he realized he had taken his (
“All of it,” Sherlock rasped. “Just you, John. The Lady has had her way with me all evening. Now I want you.” He stepped back to give John space to change into his street clothes, though his gaze never left his lover’s form. He chuckled when John slipped the cup from the knickers and dropped it on the dressing table, then left the silver panties in place with a cheeky smirk.
Sherlock chuckled. “Nooo.” He drawled. Another moment went by with them just breathing and being there. “John,” he said solemnly.
“Sherlock,” John said, turning around, “what are you doing here already? Is everything alright?” His friend stood in the doorway, skin fresh and curls damp as if he had just washed his face. They straggled over his forehead in wet strands and clung to his jaw sinuously.
A preoccupied, quiet cough from Sherlock was enough to break John’s reverie, though the detective’s intent focus never strayed from the video images. John shook himself and drained the last of his tea, then turned his thoughts resolutely back to the case.
John absently wrapped arms around himself as this thought coalesced, mimicking their newfound hugging habit.
I want you to have Rosie; there’s plenty of money in the accounts Mary left us. You are her godfather, and she could have no better protector, no better parent than you. Make Mycroft fix it if you have to. She is your daughter now. She will love you since I won’t be able to anymore, and I can see that you love her, too. You never could fool me with your sociopath act.
He loosed his grip and tried to step back, but was prevented by Sherlock’s unyielding arms. Instead, he tipped his head back so as to be able to see his friend’s face. “Are you alright? Did something happen?”
John offered her a grateful smile. “I did have a question, but first I wanted to say thanks for helping Sherlock earlier. I’m sure it wasn’t part of your plan for the evening.”
Sherlock had remained quiet through this exchange, and John turned to him still smiling. “And a ham for you too, Sherlock.”
the dancer seemed to double-take and stepped over to walk a circle around her, avidly observing her with desire written on his face. Sherlock begrudgingly gave the dancer credit - he was skilled at conveying his emotions clearly through body posture and facial expression, and what he was conveying was inappropriate in the extreme. He looked as though he wanted Lady Grey to devour him right there on the simulated street, on a stage in front of four hundred people. Sherlock couldn’t help but empathize.
Sherlock heaved a huge sigh. "Just what am I supposed to be doing, John? This is going to make me less bored, is it?"
“It’s…” John huffed. “Well, it’s…” he crossed his arms, then uncrossed them, then wiped his hands across his face again. “You see it’s… well, you remember Marjorie?”
The rumbling in his stomach led him to the nurses’ station, where Nurse Savage was typing away at a computer that even John could tell was antiquated. A weathered health care veteran, she exuded a stoic calm and capable authority, even while bathed in the unflattering greenish glow of the screen. She grumbled under her breath as she squinted at what she had written, then banged out another word or two before looking up inquiringly.
Sherlock snorted his disdain, and began climbing down to the ground. Lestrade met them, nodding with eager interest to hear about what they’d seen. Sherlock informed him there was not likely to be much else to discover since the place they had found was so bare to begin with. Still, Lestrade knew his duty, and radioed for a team to come document the structure and scratches.
Leaving his companion to watch the hallway, he led them deeper into the rickety abandoned house that served as a crack den for much of this section of London. John didn’t like the look of the dingy walls, or the rooms with the quiet forms, high out of their heads, laid out in rows like casualties. It reminded him strongly of the time he had found Sherlock in a place like this. It had been the first time he’d seen his friend actually on drugs, and look what that had led to. His expression soured.
He could go up to John’s room and look around. ("Snoop, you mean." "Quiet, John.") He did that sometimes, when holding his inconvenient feelings at bay dragged his mood down toward melancholy. He would go up and go through John’s chest of drawers, prodding at untidily-arranged socks and stroking the softness of folded jumpers, absentmindedly scratching at the scar on his own chest. He’d carefully perch on John’s tightly-made bed, so as not to leave evidence he was there, and lean over to inhale John’s scent from the pillow. It made him uncomfortably aware he was doing something not very good, wallowing in John’s intimate space without his permission, so he didn’t do it often. Only when he really needed to.
The cab ride to the tailor was short, but with a look to make sure it was all right, John hesitantly dropped a hand to his friend’s knee and settled up closer in the seat than usual. Pressed together from shoulder to thigh, his warmth bled through soon after and Sherlock feverishly recorded the sensation in his mind palace. The new room would have to be expanded, he decided. The tiniest moments and contacts conveyed such impact that they mustn’t be discounted.
“You went for another run, last night?” Duck confirmed, eyebrows arched high on his chrome-dome forehead. “No wonder you’re knackered today, especially if you didn’t sleep afterward.”
John sat silently for a minute. “Yeah, I guess I am. She brought me Rosie, which - god - I’m amazed at every day. But our relationship was pretty crap and I don’t know how long it would have lasted, if she’d lived. Christ - her dying like that, in my arms, I couldn’t even treat her, I was so shocked. I’ve helped loads of people with gunshot wounds; soldiers I lived with day in and day out, even Sherlock when Mary shot him, and every time I was able to push the personal aside to do what had to be done. With her, all I could think was ‘So this is it? It’s ending like this?’ I froze, Duck, just watched as she slipped away.” John hadn’t noticed the tears starting, but he felt them, tickling as they slid over his cheeks. He wiped them away savagely and dropped his head into his hands. “I could have at least tried to save her - why didn’t I?”
“I don’t care, John, just don’t get up.” He opened his eyes long enough to roll them at John, then resumed his previous position. John reached for the remote and clicked on the telly, dialing the volume down a bit and settling himself more cozily in the cushions. The weight in his lap grumbled and huffed until John had stilled and was engrossed in the spy movie he had found. They seemed to be playing at all hours of the day.
John took the glass greedily and slurped off half of it in one long draft, Adam’s apple lifting and dropping as he swallowed. He topped his glass off before heading for the same spot on the sofa he had taken yesterday, stopping by Duck in his chair, swapping out the running blade for his regular prosthetic foot. “Feeling alright, there?” John enquired, and when Duck looked up and nodded, continued “How much do you usually run on it?”
“When was the last time workers were up here?” Sherlock yelled down to the foreman and Lestrade, who had walked along underneath them, necks craned to look up at what John and Sherlock were doing.
“Yeah, no hurry for that, ta. I was about to take the shirt off anyway; I took my run with Duck in it and it’s all mucky now,” John remarked as he swept the shirt up over his head, wiping his armpits and lower back with it, then tossing it in a laundry bag on a stand in the corner. He devoutly hoped the facility offered laundry service - if he was going to work like he had on today’s run, his clothes would get pretty ripe in a hurry.
A fleeting look of guilt crossed his friend’s face almost too quickly to catch before being followed by a dramatic sigh. Sherlock removed his coat, and draped it over a convenient electrical pipe leaving him in suit jacket and shirt. He took the harness from John with a look of reluctant distaste. “How does it go, then?” he asked, holding it up by the steel ring and shaking it, twisting it this way and that.
John continued the motion up into Sherlock’s curls on that side; maneuvering his body closer until he was pressed all along Sherlock’s side, with one hand supporting his head and the other… the hair… fingers in… Sherlock breathed out a long ‘hmmmmm’ sound and angled his head to maximize the stroking.
When John looked up, Sherlock was obviously trying not to smile. John made an inarticulate growling noise and tottered off to the loo in the corner with as much dignity as he could muster while clutching a rolling IV stand in one hand and pulling thin fabric over his bare arse in the other. He pretended not to hear the snorted chuckle that followed him.
There was a lull in the obligatory activities of the reception while the slow eaters finished, the gluttons went for seconds and everyone went for more drinks; which the DJ filled with music for dancing. Nothing too poppy or techno – that would come later in the evening; for now it was couples on the floor swaying to oldies and ballads. Sherlock was pleased to note several same-sex pairs out there, including two male-male couples – he leaned back in his chair and followed their twirls with his eyes, entirely diverted even from John for the moment.
When John disappeared into the cubicle to change and had reluctantly accepted two more dress shirts and a stunning deep blue tie which was flung over the door, Sherlock took a moment to regard himself in the three-way mirror in the corner. His eyes were shining, his color was high, his hair a bit tousled in his enthusiasm. His fingertips were tingling. He could not have anticipated how affected he would be by actually getting to bring John here and put him in something that would do his rugged looks justice. John was solidly handsome, not strange and exotic like Sherlock’s own features, and so needed more deliberate presentation to bring out his best. Just choosing from the possibilities had Sherlock wanting to press himself up to John and breathe against his skin. He wanted… something, he wasn’t sure, but his scar had opinions on the topic and so did his groin. He distracted himself with a display of smooth, soft cashmere jumpers in jewel tones. Oh yes, one of those would come home with them, too.
John chuckled and smiled, and they moved on to other topics. Eventually, John aired his concerns that he’d backslide once he was back in his usual surroundings, and worse, that he wouldn’t notice if he did.
“I need them too, you imbecile, you should have taken your own notes in class,” the figure said, and John realized with surprise it was Marjorie Penton. John and Marjorie crossed paths frequently enough, since her father and his Aunt were a pretty serious item these days. John knew Marjorie was in higher-level chemistry with some of the older students, and she had helped him with his own homework in the subject more than once.  He hadn’t realized she shared a class with any of his teammates, and in her goth-inspired outfit, so unlike what she wore at her father’s house, he hadn’t recognized her until she spoke.
