“Are you alright?” Dean looked over Jack carefully, and after he realized he was okay he pulled his son into a tight hug. Cas did the same with Claire, then they switched, Cas’ checking more thorough, naturally.
“Of course,” Cas rolled his eyes. “But you’re tired. Take a nap and I’ll tell Bobby what we’ve learned. I’ll be back with a sandwich when you wake up.”
“Y-yeah, I think so.” Now the frown seemed more thoughtful. He pushed himself up, hands on his lap. “It’s gone.”
Bobby had been shot. Dean could see at first glance that it was not deadly, but the wound was on his calf so running would be hard to do, even with the adrenaline. He ran back and threw Bobby’s arm over his shoulder, Sam doing it on the other side, and they made their way towards the meeting point. There was an old dirt road not too far that was hard to find and on the other side they would be mostly safe.
They just stood there for minutes, making out without it leading anywhere. The press and pull of their mouths made goosebumps appear all over Dean’s skin and Cas actually shuddered with his whole body when Dean did that thing with his tongue that always made him moan.
Cas walked – or more like stalked – for a couple minutes before stopping at the side door of an unremarkable building. The security camera in the corner was broken.
“One of us would,” Dean corrected him. The other needed to be clean for the kids. He would probably take the helping thing on himself, because Sam was his little brother and admittedly the other two without supervision could be a little chaotic. It was the strangest thing because alone they were both smart and level-headed but if you put them together…
“The Omega here killed one of her generals. She wants his pretty soul for herself,” Crowley shot him an almost hungry look that sent a chill through Dean’s body. Somehow he didn’t think getting under this Lilith’s thumb would be a beach party.
“Hey, gorgeous,” he pulled back a bit to look at Cas, who was a bit disheveled, hair a mess where Dean had grabbed onto it just now, his eyes wide, pupils blown. He was beautiful. He was always so damn beautiful. “I have something for you,” he said.
Dean swirled his tongue around the head, precome already coating it, making him moan at the taste. Cas groaned from deep in his chest and let his head fall back only for a moment, then he was back at watching Dean like a hawk, fingers carding through his hair gently, eyes dark and hooded, lashes fluttering.
“You go that way, there’s a Biggerson’s at the end of the block where you can climb into the rest room and disappear in the back alley,” Gabe pointed at the row of connected roofs, a characteristic feature when half of the street consisted of so identically built buildings.
“I loved watching you boys playing the good guys, kicking ass for the country,” Dick said after a displeased look in her direction. “It showed a spectacular lack of vision.”
“That’s a good thing to know, but I think that would be a great invasion of privacy,” Cas said, taking the news easily. It wasn’t so farfetched, after all. What’s a little mind reading after everything else? “And I especially don’t want to see Gordon’s thoughts.”
“I’m gonna go check the first floor and the basement,” Charlie whispered as they reached the front door, the creaking wood under their feet making Dean flinch. “You can check upstairs. If you find anyone don’t let them touch you.”
So they had taken it slow. They had perfected kissing pretty quickly and with much enthusiasm, hands wandering over clothes, fingers carding through hair. Dean hadn’t spent hours on a sofa just making out since high school and he’d never done it in the middle of a friggin’ meadow between wildflowers, stretched out on a picnic blanket. It was easy to just lose himself in Cas.
He was checking his gun again when Cas stood up from the crate he was sitting on, looking up at the wooden ceiling.
Gabe didn’t listen, just ran over to a shelf and picked up a heavy-looking key from under a broken bowl.
“Dean,” Cas sighed. “I’m not complaining. I understand your guilt about dragging me into this. You’re obviously a man who don’t trust easily and I don’t hold it against you. You wanted your source to be safe. And I’m sure you didn’t know about that team.”
“Everything okay?” he asked the other two when he got out of the car, leaving the key in the ignition and the door open. He pulled off his leather gloves.
Gabe’s eyes stuck on them, taking in the suits and the way Sam’s eyes shifted, his hand curling into a fist at his side.
“I want to do this,” he said seriously. “I waited long enough and I don’t want to endanger you or Amelia or Claire with not knowing enough.”
He was halfway to the motel when he noticed the black SUV turning out before him at a corner. He could’ve written it off as a coincidence if he hadn’t seen the license plate, which was the exact same that had stopped in front of Cas’ house just yesterday. Seemed they decided that they wouldn’t wait until sunset this time.
“I’m afraid it was me,” Cas said it out loud as he put his hand on Dean’s thigh in a calming gesture.
When they finally did go downstairs, dressed and clean, Bobby was already waiting for them in the kitchen.
“I’m not leaving you, even when this is completely unnecessary and dangerous,” Cas looked him straight in the eyes, his gaze unwavering and strong, just like his grip on Dean’s forearm. “You asked me to have your back so I’m staying.”
“That’s the best I’ve got,” Bobby huffed indignantly. “Text you just read out loud without a hitch? Enochian – the language of angels.” He rolled his eyes. “You’ve got fuckin’ wings, boy. Ain’t that many creatures out there with those.”
“Good morning, Dean,” Cas lifted his head for a moment before going down on him again, his tongue licking and swirling as the head of Dean’s dick reached the back of his throat, before hollowing his cheeks on the way up, sucking on the tip for a moment before starting all over again.
“It’s your life on the line, Dean!” Sam argued further. He didn’t seem very empathic. “You won’t go to hell just because you're too afraid to face an ex. I won’t fucking let it.”
Charlie followed the Secret Service through the cameras as they ushered Bela out of the ball room through another door when the first one had been proved closed, up through a flight of stairs and onto the fifth floor of the parking lot.
“Hey, Dean!” Donnie greeted him from behind the bar when he stepped inside ten minutes before the hour was up.
“You could say Dad was a bit overwhelmed by work and we went on a short vacation to relax,” Dean repeated what Sam had suggested.
Another bar, another night. It had been a constant, repetitive thing in Dean’s life since he'd been eighteen. He normally didn’t mind it much – easiest place to pick up or hustle people – and now that he didn’t have much time, he tried to look his fill.
Cas, of course, heard that, and turned around to give him an adoring look and a bright smile. After he put on some jeans, he walked back to the bed and leaned down for a kiss.
He often lost track of time when he was working and it happened now, too. Cas’ Continental was a bitch to repair, it was a damn miracle she hadn’t fallen into pieces under Cas one day getting groceries. The noise picked up around him as his employees arrived and went to work. He returned the greetings thrown his way without really lifting his head. There were some good things in being the boss.
“I don’t have anything against Dean –” he stopped for a moment with a frown. “Well, that’s not true. He broke Cassie’s heart.”
“I love you,” he let the grin take over his face, looking into Cas’ brilliant blue eyes. Fuck, those eyes…
She thanked it with a muttered “Whatever” that was the best they got nowadays. Honestly, the differences between her and Jack were sometimes frightening.
“You got your phone on you?” Cas asked, his hand resting on Dean’s neck, thumb stroking the skin just behind his ear.
“Mr. and Mr. Winchester,” Shurley sat down imperiously. Cas took the seat next to Jack. Dean stayed standing. “I’m sorry to call you in but Jack here initiated a fight.”
He didn’t say that Cas needed to let out some of those angelic righteousness. The level of bitching Dean had to endure was getting ridiculous.
Claire was home now, by some miracle, sitting at the kitchen island and looking at Dean expectantly.
They were just a couple corners away when Dean had a moment to realize a black car was coming at them from the left but no time to react. It got the rear of their car and they went spinning on the road. Dean was out of the car in the next second, raising his gun at the guy – dark-skinned, muscular, bald – behind the cruiser’s wheel and opened fire without thinking about it, reloading with a fluid movement as soon as the last bullet was in the barrel.
“Ash should be in in half an hour,” his husband said and put his briefcase on the desk closer to the window.
“Then take them off,” he arched a brow, the barest twitch of his lips betraying his suppressed grin.
Cas let him just marvel at it, but Dean knew his husband wasn’t looking up like he did. He felt Cas’ gaze on his face, the pure love directed at him.
“Having a place like this,” he gestured around them. “Can you imagine smiling at everyone all the time? No coincidence we don’t manage the desk in the garage.”
Something was wrong about him. The way he sat too straight, how his eyes were even more piercing than before like he hardly blinked, his face more stoic and that whiff of ozone in his scent that hadn’t been there before…
Dean didn’t tell him, of course. The whole way to their destination Cas’ hand rested on his thigh, thumb stroking over the thick denim of his jeans and it was laughable how that simple gesture made him feel all warm and flustered.
“She put everything in Jack’s pockets because she knew they would totally believe he didn’t know it was forbidden to just pick anything you like and take it home without paying, except the CCTV got her.”
While Roman was disoriented, Dean walked behind the beautifully carved desk and opened the briefcase he had brought, not just as a ruse to Bobby’s story.
“I think we can damn well make some,” he said simply. “We’ve been here a month, five minutes don’t matter.”
“Her name was Sydney Danielson,” he sighed. “She was a thirty-two years old Alpha with two children, mated to Antonia Novak. It was 1901.”
“Kevin? No way!” Dean protected him immediately. “Kid’s a genius, I don’t think those have many friends. And he loves his mom so much, I mean, how many seventeen years old would buy flowers for his mom every other week?”
“Of course,” the angel smiled at him with that soft look in his eyes Dean now didn’t try to hide from but what still made him a flustered idiot. He really hoped that wouldn’t change anytime soon.
“What’s Cas gotta do for you?” the Omega had asked after. Something seemed to lift off him he hadn’t even noticed until it was gone.
It said a lot about their relationship that when Cas stepped away to shrug off his coat, Dean opened the door without a word and it was easy as anything to follow the Alpha onto the backseat and drape himself over him, head on Cas’ shoulder, one arm thrown over his chest. Cas covered Dean with his coat, palm resting on the hunter’s upper arm, one leg in the footwell.
“I think you’ll do a better work,” Kaia shook her head after a long moment. “I can hold a grudge. Can you take me home, please? I ran all the way here.”
Dean thought about it for a moment. Cas always had too much heart and Dean loved him for it. He could understand the need to use his new abilities and make the world a better place but they had two of their supposed enemies right next door and that would just make it easier to get caught.
“Good,” Dean smirked and swallowed him down. Cas’ legs jerked, his hand fisting the sheets and the gasp leaving him was breathless.
As the people left, thanks to the fire alarm, Dean with his bleeding arm didn’t raise suspicion, simply because they didn’t meet anybody. Dean found the nearest janitor closet just next to the break room, and pulled Cas in after him. He quickly grabbed a can of acetone, a big bottle of clog destroyer, some bleach and a bucket. In a minute he had a miniature time bomb.
“Would you tell him to stop?” Claire stormed into the living room, her blonde waves almost flying behind her.
Cas didn’t move when Dean crutched in front of him and took his hands in his own, but those inquisitive blue eyes were locked on his.
Cas took a step back, hand falling limply to his side. Dean cursed up a storm in his mind about Sam’s cockblocking – or whatever this was – skills and fished out his phone from his pocket.
“It’s my doing, Cas. It was the stupidest thing I’ve ever done and it’s not your fault you have trust issues. I’ll make it up to you, I promise.” He let himself smile a little. “And, uh, for the record, I didn’t flirt with that dick.”
“Mr. Dean Winchester?” one of them asked. Both of them were clean-shaven and wore suits, of course, badge flashing in their hands.
The front door opened and after a couple seconds a brown-haired woman came into their view, brown leather-jacket worn over a white blouse and jeans.
Two hours in they still hadn’t found anything. It was getting ridiculous. They had a clear sky and the moon shone through the color-changing leaves, illuminating patches of the forest floor in silver light. But there was no evidence of a supernatural being, no distinct scent of wet fur that was typical for a lone werewolf, no broken branches, not even a damn footprint.
“Anna,” he said the name slowly, like he wasn’t hundred percent sure he was right. “Uriel,” he looked at the man.
“Please, Dean,” Cas rolled his eyes impatiently. “If Gabe pointed a gun at Sam’s head, you’d have already killed him.”
“No, thank you,” he started walking towards the back corner, navigating through the tables with ease. Sam followed him, his gaze jumping from one place to another. Dean shot an apologetic smile at the woman before hurrying after them.
“I need to call him,” Cas pulled out his phone and dialed. A couple second later Dean could here an automatic voice announcing that the number was not available. “Damn it,” Cas looked at his cell like he wanted to break it before he jumped up and called another number. “Charlie, you have to check up on Gabriel.”
“If you’re an angel, you can hear prayers directed at you. I’ll send over a visual of my garden. You should feel it like a kind of tugging inside you and I want you to follow it.”
“We think Uncle Bobby could help figure things out,” Dean added. “So we’ll drive up to him. It shouldn’t take more than a couple days.”
They did reach Utah, and Cas found an Inn in the quiet town of Marysvale - population just over four-hundred - just off the main road. He phoned ahead and the elderly couple who opened the door after they arrived seemed happy to see them even at this hour.
“I’ll dig some more. You look into that reporter,” Bobby stood up, ending the business part of the conversation.
Dean’s mind still wasn’t at full capacity but something about that did trickle through to his consciousness.
“Dean!” he faintly heard Charlie from the first floor and a muffled sound from somewhere on his left, but there was a crowbar straight over him, ready to bash his head in.
“Castiel,” he nodded back. “I see you found a company worthy of you.” He looked at the brothers with disgust.
“Hey,” Dean touched his chin and lifted his head slightly. The frown was still on but the tense lines at his eyes were gone. His hands were trembling where they clutched at Dean’s waist. “Cas, babe, are you alright?”
He knew for a fact that Cas wasn’t a bad fighter. Pretty decent one actually. But what he was doing now was almost too quick to follow. His punches were strong and perfectly placed even if they were probably not very efficient on a demon. He was moving like it was a dance, evading most of the chick’s hits and kicks and when she grabbed his wrist he moved with it, twirling around and grabbing something from her waist. The next thing Dean knew the woman was lighting up from the inside, orange flashes that were eerily similar to Azazel’s last moments, a silent scream on her lips. Then Cas pulled the knife from her stomach and she collapsed to the ground.
“I’ve had worse,” he murmured between them. He looked down between them and licked his lips before glancing back up. He felt nervous and a bit jittery. “Are you still mad at me?” he asked with a smirk that should’ve been cocky but probably came across as apprehensive.
Finding an empty hallway was child’s play, most of the people already on their way out of the building. Dean leaned against the wall.
“Not that kind of surprise, but we can get back to this later,” he pressed another kiss on Dean’s lips and then sat up, tugging Dean with him.
“You’re welcome,” Dean grinned at him and Cas smiled back, his eyes that bright cobalt blue the Omega could get lost in.
“I had nothing to do with that,” the man protested. “Don’t you see? She’s trying to clean up her past and get rid of me in one shot. She’s trying to cut me loose before she runs for President.”
” said the computer and Dean heard Cas breathe out in relief. Getting a tac team on them was not part of the plan.
Now he just smiled back with a probably just as infatuated face, because he couldn’t help it. He was in love and he was proud of it.
“I’ll try,” Cas smiled and leaned down for a kiss. The heart monitor beeped loudly. “I love you. Goodbye, Dean.”
Shit! Getting shot wasn’t exactly new, but it was extremely inconvenient, especially when he was trying to get away. This had been a horrible idea. Sam and Cas were going to kill him.
“I know, sweetheart, but let him enjoy it. It’ll wear off soon,” he sighed. “Plus, we’ll never have to get on an airplane again. Like, ever.”
“I’ll wrap it up for you,” Jack hopped to the task with a smile, walking over to the fridge. Sam looked after him fondly.
“The boy she brought back was her boyfriend, Vince. He’s been missing for over a year now,” her girlfriend added. That was horrible. Also, Dean was just glad his kids were safe at home. “Back to the main topic, sorry we made you think we would hurt the angel if we knew who it was. That was poor wording on our part.”
Fuck being careful! Dean ran to the closed door and practically tumbled inside the room in his haste to open it.
“We lost Mom, Sammy, but it’s not the same. We had Dad and, y’know, he was there and he talked about her. Cas has nothing. He grew up, knowing he wasn’t wanted. He was alone until… well, until me, I guess.”
Dean left the office and walked back to the others. Cas was already there like Dean’d expected him to.
“I broke it off, okay?!” he shouted and he was glad the lot was practically empty. It was like the words were torn out of his throat. And it fucking hurt.
When it was nearing midnight Dean decided to stop at the nearest motel. Cas suggested that he could take over, but they needed the alibi and Dean was tired of sitting in the car. They both could use a break.
“We’ll call her tomorrow,” he handed it back, still reeling from the last ten minutes. “I’m beat. Who wants a drink?”
“Don’t say it,” he growled out a warning. He never let himself think about the possibility that Cas was his true mate. It had been so… easy with him. Not just the sex but the talking thing too. It was the closest he ever got to a relationship and when he pictured himself with someone on the long run, he could only do that with Cas. Not that he had a chance for a long run anymore.
It was just their luck that it was the middle of the day so practically nobody had been at home in the neighborhood when Dick showed up, or now, when they needed the car gone. And the windows were tinted – a blasphemy on a classic like her but not like Dean could do anything about it.
The hit shouldn’t have been a surprise, but before he could even look around, he found himself on the ground with all the air leaving his lungs with a pained huff.
“Really? You’re giving it to me now?” Dean frowned at their alarm clock. Ten minutes past midnight. He’d gotten what, an hour?
“Right, what about tomorrow?” she asked and her excitement reminded Dean of Jack. “Here around seven?”
“Look at me,” Cas said from way closer and Dean exhaled and looked up, straight at Cas leaning over him, eyes glazed over with pleasure, sweat starting to bead on his forehead.
Cas was the first one out and he passed a towel from the rack to Dean, too, drying his hair into a complete mess with his own. Dean wasn’t completely dry when Cas had lost his patience and pulled him into another deep kiss. Dean dropped the towel without a thought and pushed Cas into the bedroom while his mouth started on the slightly stubbled skin of Cas’ neck.
“Nothing. I’m sorry, I was out of line.” The words were clipped and perfectly matched Cas’ stoic expression.
“Sammy!” he yelled and he threw his hand up as he lowered himself into the hole, his gun already in his other hand. Sam had clasped his wrist and held him up effortlessly.
“I would say that it’s probably our last night on Earth,” he started and the Omega couldn’t help the hysterical laugh that burst out of him, “but I wanted to do this for a long time.”
“Hey, Dad,” he touched the sun-warmed stone with his fingertips in greeting. “Sorry for not coming in a while. It got a little crazy at home. Sam told you ‘bout his hunter girlfriend? She’s a badass and really great, won’t take any of Sam’s shit – you’d like her. I hope it works out for him, maybe he won’t be such a workaholic anymore.” He took a deep breath. “Turned out Cas is an angel, with wings and everything. Imagine that. It’s not a smooth sailing either, but we’re handling it, I think. I met my mother-in-law this week. She’s some big ass cosmic entity and doesn’t like me which would suck, but I think Cas got some closure on that front so we won’t see her much. He just took Claire and Jack to Bobby’s to help him, they went after a zombie by themselves, so they’re up for a little work. Oh, and Claire’s got a girlfriend. She’s a dreamwalker, so we’re full of special ones now. It could be worse.” Sadness unfurled in his chest, but the nostalgic kind that made him smile. “Wish you were here. You’d like all the madness going on. Would kick back on the couch with a beer and just find it all hilarious. Maybe you’re doing that, anyway, wherever you are. I hope Mom’s with you. Soulmates spend eternity together.”
Dean had no idea what the numbers could mean. There were no letters so it couldn’t have been a usual call for a library book. Mrs. Tran probably would’ve recognized or at least had already checked if it was from the local library. It didn’t belong to any major coding systems, Dean would’ve recognized it. This would need a little digging.
“And you sure I won’t bother you?” she asked him. “I mean, you two are obviously in the honeymoon phase and all.”
“Bad move, kid,” Henriksen gritted out and kneed Dean in the jaw for good measure. Damn, why was everyone such a critic?
“Cas, you remember what happened last time, right?” Dean reminded him. “You losing control now would be even more compromising with them right there.”
“Yeah, because he’s a control freak. But you can’t kill him for that.” Dean let Cas go, although his husband was still fuming. “He does the same with Claire?”
“Sam, Dean, this is Crowley, King of the Crossroads. Crowley, you’ve heard of Sam and Dean Winchester.”
“Hello, Dean,” Cas smiled in that fond way of his. He was wearing a black button-down and jeans, his hair still a mess, eyes still that stunning blue.
Dean was busy not trying to get suffocated, stabbing the knife into the hellspawn’s shoulder. It didn’t kill him but it must’ve hurt like a son of a bitch because he stumbled up and away with a painful grunt. Dean rose to his feet and punched him for good measure. Then he was distracted by Cas.
“Fuck me,” he said after another moment because when was the last time he’d trusted someone enough with that? Hadn’t happened in over a decade. But he could trust Cas with this.
“Roman’s the CEO of SucroCorp,” she took a sip from her wine. “It’s a shell company. He’s very well-connected.”
It was as good a dismissal as any, so Dean turned on his heels and marched out of the flat. The sun went down in the meantime and he didn’t turn on the light in Baby, preferring to sit in the semi-darkness of the street lights.
“I like looking at you,” Cas said simply, just like he’d said that first time twenty years ago, on the hood of the Impala, when Dean had first taken him stargazing.
“Good,” Cas pressed a quick, forceful kiss on his lips that had Dean reeling. “So where are you taking me?” he asked as he walked over to the passenger door.
They hadn’t had one of those in ages, not with how busy and strange their lives had become. It was such an affectionate gesture that his family had done for him, simply because he had a rough afternoon.
“I have something for him,” Sam walked to his case and opened it to pull out a file and a thick, old tome. Of course, Jack and Claire had given up on doing their homework at the first opportunity of seeing something more interesting. “I’m sorry I didn’t call but I was getting into this deep and I didn’t want to say anything until I found something and then I left town for a couple days to get this book.”
“Yes. No,” he corrected himself quickly, glancing briefly at Cas who just raised a brow. “Shut up. You found anything?”
They decided on Star Wars, which was great. They were all sitting on the sofa cuddled together, which was even better. Dean had a bowl of popcorn in his lap, Jack leaning on him from one side, Cas from the other, his husband pulling their daughter close with minimal grumbling from her. It was kinda perfect.
Dean did get around to actually be productive. He went to the nearest department store (so he would be less likely recognized than in a local grocery store), did the laundry, put some cash in his getaway bag and cooked. Five things in one day, wow.
They didn’t talk after that, and Dean followed Cas with his eyes as the Alpha walked back to his room a while later.
Claire’s clear blue eyes narrowed at him in the way she’d picked up from Cas years ago but Dean saw how her cheeks went a little pink. Even if she tried to be so confident and nonchalant all the time, he still found her adorable.
“You got us a dog?!” Jack asked, already up with a dazzling grin. Miracle met him halfway, mirroring his enthusiasm. Claire wasn’t far behind, kneeling down next to her brother.
Cas gave an indignant sound, but Gabe was already sprinting down the other direction. There was noise coming from the room below them.
“You absolute asshole!” Dean shouted at him. “You’re back from the dead, again, and you fuck off to here, without a call?”
“Cas,” Dean gasped against him, hips grinding slowly into Cas’. Why was it that after all this time this was still enough to make him half-hard?
“Are you gonna kill me?” she asked and Dean had to give her credit because her voice didn’t waver a bit.
“Check if they really did their homework – especially Claire, she’s smart but lazy. Jack can’t eat any sweets after eight or he won’t be able to sleep. And –”
“Castiel,” she said but didn’t take a step closer. Then she said something in a foreign language, Dean guessed Enochian by the sound of it.
That night Dean felt happier and more relaxed than he had in a while, especially after the day he’d had. Spending time with his family usually did that for him and he was so grateful for all of them for this. He knew damn well that his kids, particularly Claire, were getting more and more independent by the day and he treasured every moment he could spend with them.
Okay, okay. Shit. Bobby was hurt. Cas was captured. Henriksen would want him alive, Dean was sure of that. And it was not like it had been just two weeks ago, when Cas had barely known anything. He now was in possession of some intimate information, which, Dean knew, he would refuse to disclose.
The Continental was still parking next to Baby but Jimmy’s Ford was gone which he had expected. The porch and the yard was empty of any humans (or ex-angels, for that matter), but he had an inkling where he should go.
It was only just two p.m. but the clouds overhead made the outside world look darker and a good downpour was probably just minutes away.
“You were best buds. Alright,” Dean arched an eyebrow. They were awake because of this? “Why’s that important?”
“Who are you?” she looked between the three of them with raised eyebrows, not lowering her gun. Her speech was somehow strange.
“What else does it say about the parents?” Cas interrupted Sam before he could’ve opened his mouth to react.
“Why don’t you just leave us alone?” he asked with a confident grin. “Everyone just goes their separate ways.”
Why did Dean have to be a homing pigeon between his lawyer brother and his cop neighbor? They were seeing each other more than Dean and Sam did.
Dean parked Baby at the second motel he’d found on their way after the town sign and payed for a room with twin beds.
“Will Cas like this?” he blurted out. “I mean, not like we really need two cars. Why am I spending so much time on a pimp mobile when he maybe won’t even use it?” Because Cas had wings now, not like he would need fucking wheels to get somewhere when he could just flap to the other side of the planet. Giving him a present he wouldn’t need wasn’t something Dean wanted. Maybe he could think about something else altogether before he was out of time. He only had like… two months until their anniversary and Cas’ gifts were always awesome.
“You’re not,” Dean agreed. “You tried to protect that girl, so as far as I see, you did the right thing.”
“Nice to meet you,” he nodded, and walked to the Omega who held the pen out for him. They looked at each other for a long moment and Dean tried to memorize every little thing about him while not leaning in to kiss him. He'd never felt a pull as strong towards anyone as he did to Castiel, and it had apparently never lessened. “You’re drinking again,” Cas frowned, his head tilted to the side in that annoyingly adorable way of his.
Dean marched through the frame of the table to get to him, pulling him back up and down quickly to kindly bash his nose in, until Henriksen was flailing for control, then threw him into the wall. The screen mounted there cracked easily from the weight slamming into it.
Instead of an answer the whirlwind was back along with Cas who leaned down with the same movement to give him a breathless kiss. Dean hadn’t seen him giddy often but now he was almost bouncing on his feet.
He was surely reminded when Cas’ erection was sliding hot and hard against his with the next roll of their hips. He reached down to curl his fist around both of them and the wounded noise leaving Cas’ throat was porn-worthy and Dean’s mind went blank from the feeling. His hand moved mostly on auto-pilot by now, pre-come easing the way.
They were barely out of the car when the front door opened and Dick Roman stepped out in a pristine suit and his shark-like smile Dean remembered from Guatemala. There were two bodyguards standing behind his back.
“Kevin was scared. I found this in my mail on the day of his… death,” her lips trembled a bit at the word. “The officers on the case had no idea what it meant, but it’s not a phone number.”
As Pamela talked, Cas’ breathing got deeper and his whole body relaxed. Dean noticed that at the same time Jimmy looked on with a frown, his whole body tense like a bowstring. Cas was always the same when he was nervous.
Dean’s breath hitched, his face heated up and desire coursed through him, blood flowing south at the mental image.
It didn’t take much time until Dean felt ready for more, and Cas teasingly curled his fingers – now three – to make him see stars, before pulling out. He rolled off Dean and leaned against the headboard while he tried to scrap himself together enough to follow Cas and sit into his lap.
“Told ya,” Sam said triumphantly and turned back to firing up the grill. It had turned out he was an awful cook in the kitchen but a pretty decent one out of it. It had been one of Dean’s biggest shocks in the afterlife.
They suspected as much when there was no news about Dick’s untimely demise after their visit. But it was gratifying to hear it from Bela, someone who was under the guy’s thumb, even if she apparently despised him, because she continued:
“Complicated,” Dean frowned as he plopped down on the lumpy couch, his arms resting on his knees. “And that,” he jerked his head towards the computer, “was a visit from a wet team. About two days ago.”
The constant sex helped, that was true. It was like they were trying to catch up with the four years they hadn’t been together. If he didn’t have that damn deal hanging over his head and no clue to go on with the grace situation, he probably would’ve enjoyed it even more.
“You’ll be the first to know,” Cas rolled his eyes, fingers playing with Dean’s hair. The gesture was soothing and Dean leaned into it. It felt really good, spiriting away the headache he didn’t even know he’d had until it was gone.
“I can hardly get the opportunity to talk to such well-mannered lads,” she raised her chin stubbornly. “Sorry, boys, but you three are peas in a pod. A lady needs some change. Besides, he can watch my six and he’s the best-suited to keep in contact with that tiny ball of nerdy sunshine.”
Cas sighed and probably the only thing keeping him from rolling his eyes was Dean’s ire. The bastard.
They tumbled onto the sheets, a small laugh escaping Dean’s mouth as the landing broke their kiss. Cas’ own chuckle was cut off with a gasp when Dean sucked and bit on his collarbone, bruising the skin in a place where clothes would cover it.
When everyone turned out to be unharmed, if a little worse-for-wear, Dean shared a look with Cas, the worry turning from fear to anger.
“I believe you, Dad,” Jack interrupted the argument and opened his locker to get his bag out of it. “I’ll text Claire about what happened. And I will stay away from Harper. Can we go now? I have a lot of homework.”
There was the sign of recognition in Cas’ eyes but before he could say anything, Jimmy strode over to him and whispered something in his ear.
“Okay, I got one for you,” Gabe said as he put a lollipop in his mouth. What was this guy? “What did this twice-decorated, Tennessee Jew-boy Air Force pilot say to that Chinese reporter kid from Michigan?”
Cas took a reluctant step back and fumbled with his shirt, dark eyes never leaving Dean as his husband shrugged off his plaid and pulled his t-shirt over his head.
Eileen was asleep, or more likely unconscious, when they stepped into the room. The beeping of the machines she was hooked up to were quiet and steady. Her long brown hair spread out on the pillow, her face seemed pale and hollow in the low light. She looked small and fragile.
“Honestly? I don’t know,” Lily answered and her eyes were gentle. “You don’t have any holy missions or heavenly duties, Castiel, I assure you. Angels are just another species of creatures roaming the Earth. Yes, they’re more powerful than a ghoul, for example, but it doesn’t mean you have any obligations. Just live your life. No one asks you anything.”
“Not sorry a least bit, I bet,” Pamela winked at him. Her eyes focused on Dean. “So we’re fighting for your soul, are we?” she gave him an appreciative once-over and he grinned back, returning the favor. Her eyes turned to Cas next. “And your pretty head’s what I need to psych, right?”
“Come,” Cas pulled him a couple steps away, to a blanket already laid on the grassy ground with a couple pillows and a thermos.
“Everyone ready?” Dean asked as he closed the trunk. It was four p.m. and they could go all the way to Utah before stopping for the night.
“Still got more than half a year, man,” Dean waved it away but the queasy feeling in his stomach was back.
Dean mulled it over for a couple seconds. Yes, this would be a leap of faith in not just Cas himself but in his general judgement. His phone was untraceable, yes, and his friend was probably a hacker of some kind, but that didn’t mean much nowadays. One mistake and this whole thing would blow up in their faces.
“What?” It took him a moment to understand what Dean was referring to, which was a relief. He hadn’t really believed Cas would confuse names but you could never know. “No, Dean, don’t be stupid.” He climbed back onto the bed to kiss him breathless. Dean melted into it with a moan.
Cas leaned against Baby’s hood and palmed his neck awkwardly, looking at the concrete under their feet. He smelled purely of shame and Dean wanted it gone.
“Pot, cattle,” Dean grinned back. It earned him an eyeroll and an amused twitch of lips. “Seriously, though, why did you fall? You said it yourself. We’re a bunch of miserable bastards.”
He hadn’t sat in the passenger seat since he’d gotten Baby, and he didn’t exactly like being there, but Cas looked damn good behind the wheel, almost like he belonged there.
“Hi!” a cheery voice said just above his head after who knows how many minutes. He glanced up in surprise and looked straight at a big smile and fiery red hair.
The fear in his tone, close to sobbing overrode everything else in Dean’s mind. His son was somehow here and he was terrified.
Getting in didn’t cause any problems. The front door had two locks but it didn’t take two minutes for him to get in. He wouldn’t leave this place without Cas, one way or another. Why had he had to get attached, damn it.
“Yeah, and our electricity bill and eco-friendliness is in that category, too,” Claire added from where she was leaning against the trunk.
“Mph,” Dean huffed but he was too comfortable to mope. He did clench down on Cas’ knot in revenge, though.
His husband pulled him in close and the wings took them away with a powerful flap, flying them home.
“We already established that,” Cas smiled back at him softly, fingers gracing the shell of Dean’s ear and gliding down his stubble. It was an incredibly tender gesture that made Dean’s heart ache in the best ways.
They stepped into what had probably been the living room, the furniture either turned over, half-rotten or both. There was a doorway to what was most likely the kitchen and straight ahead a door leading outside. The stairs were on their left and Charlie gestured at it before walking farther inside.
“Sure,” Dean closed the gap between them for a quick kiss and then got out of bed. He was dressed down to his briefs and undershirt (thanks to Cas, most likely) and picked out fresh clothes.
“Yeah, seems nasty,” Charlie explained. “Bunch of dead farmers who tried to protect their already dead animals. Probably a chupacabra.”
“Cas, honey, listen…” He swallowed thickly. “I admit I ain’t got no idea what’s going on right now. Can you help me with that, sweetheart?”
“No,” Dean answered with a grin, taking off his cap and handing it to Cas. “Changes every six hours.” He took a step back, then aimed a kick at the wall just beside the handle. It broke with a loud cracking noise, leaving a big enough hole in it for Dean to reach in and tear out some wires. The door opened. Dean shot Cas a confident smirk. “It’s unbreakable.”
“Enough!” the girl shrieked at them and picked up a knife from the nearby table, lips pulled into a snarl. “Now you can see how I carve out your brother’s heart like you did mine.”
“I trained a team,” Dean grinned a little and dislocated his shoulder. He’d been twenty-six and the hardened soldiers’ disbelieving looks when he’d turned out to be the trainer was one of his fondest memories.
“Balthazar,” the Alpha said and moved to get out of bed. Okay, that was just hurtful. Especially after what they’d done just a couple hours ago.
“Sure, but not in the Midwest,” Dean could hear the eye roll. “What’s the most interesting place you’ve been to?”
They did turn up on Friday morning. Dean was busy trying to reason with Ash about not greeting their clients half-naked when they arrived. Big black car, followed by a cop car with Victor behind the wheel. The noise inside subsided considerably.
“You have a little inkling what they are, don’t you?” Crowley shot him a slimy smile. “Here’s the deal. You have until the Omega’s due date to put the pieces together. And when you do, you gonna do me a little favor.”
“No, Sam,” Dean stopped to look at him. “There was no blood. Not a drop. Just the glowing, like something from
Someone gave a painful groan that Dean instantly recognized as Sam. He couldn’t help the relief that washed over him. He opened his eyes slowly, blinking into the morning light filtering through the canopy of the trees.
“We brought you a gift,” Dean handed over the bottle of expensive scotch they'd stashed in their duffel.
“Come on, guys, I know what I’m doing,” Dean grumbled. “Let’s focus on surviving Langley, then we can worry about Crowley.”
“You let yourself get shot, you idjit?” Bobby grumbled, ignoring the question entirely. “Goddamn it.”
“Yeah, babe?” he asked, his hand giving up its place on that killer hipbone to pull Cas’ bothersome t-shirt a bit down so he could press kisses to the appearing tan skin. His hips were thrusting shallowly against Cas’ ass and his husband pressed back into it with a little sigh.
“When Jack protected Harper, he noticed there was something wrong with the boy’s eyes. And then I said that bit about her soul. It made Jack curious. He told Claire and they started their own little hunt.”
It was over way too soon as Cas took a step back. Dean’s eyes fluttered open, still in slight shock and suffering from sensory overload, mouth partly agape.
“Good evening, Dorothy. Charlie,” he nodded to them and he could hardly sit down beside Dean, pressing their bodies together from shoulder to thigh, when Mandy, the waitress appeared with four beers. She winked at Cas before sauntering away. Dean knew her flirting was not serious and he liked her for keeping it up. It made Cas adorably confused every time.
The windshield was full of holes, but Dean knew he’d missed. He kept it up more for delay than anything else. The cruiser backed up and stopped yards away in a safe distance. There was the sound of brakes behind his back.
It was a couple days later when Dean decided to do something he hadn’t done in months, not since his life had turned upside down.
Before Dean even reached Roman, Sam, Rowena and Crowley had shot the gorillas down with perfect precision. Dick couldn’t even realize that he was screwed when Cas was on him, cuffed arms thrown over his slim frame and keeping him immobilized and then Dean was there, crushing his windpipe with one quick move, taking the gun from his hand. Cas took a step back and let Roman collapse.
“Roman was going after Cas, everybody knows that,” the first one – was that Cole? – rolled his eyes. “I would snap sooner or later.”
He wolfed down the Thai take-out he’d gotten on the way, his computer in front of him the whole time. Beside Cas’ house he kept an eye out for the police stations and listened to their radio, but nothing came up.
The thought had crossed Dean’s mind just out of his usual paranoia, but he’d quickly casted away the idea. Cas wasn’t a danger to him. Not the kind Bobby was thinking.
That was the only thing left unsolved in Dean’s afterlife. He had always found something to do instead of visiting them, telling himself he had time and as much as he wanted to see his mother, the presence of John was something he wasn’t really ready to face. He was not-living with an angel in a male vessel and hadn’t the faintest idea how that would go down.
“Dude, don’t rain on my parade,” Dean scoffed, then stopped for a moment. “You looking at my ass, Cas?”
written on the stone front. It looked like nature was halfway to take it back, trees conveniently hiding some of the higher windows.
When they turned the last corner, they saw a lone figure standing next to the lockers a couple feet away.
“You’re not alone, Cas,” he interrupted. Because he’d been alone long enough already and it was mostly Dean’s fault.
“Who just moved in across from us with her girlfriend, yes,” Cas nodded. He hadn’t met either of them yet.
It only took a couple strokes until a groan that hurt his throat was breaking out of Dean and he was coming, his mind freezing in pleasure.
The introductions inside went down faster. Bobby only grumbled out a greeting beside a “There’s two of you?” to Cas and told them that Pamela had called that she was just half an hour out.
“I don’t think that’s necessary,” Cas said with a frown and crutched down to hold the dustpan. It only took a couple minutes to make the kitchen clean again. They could replace the bulbs later.
“What’s up, man?” he asked as he closed the door, yawning wide for good measure to make the point across.
The brothers retreated a couple steps. Cas stood there, back straight, completely unmoving, looking down at the body. And then looking a little more. Dean was about to ask him if he was alright but then Roman burst into flames.
“My sex life is fulfilling, thank you. Dean can take care of my every need,” he said bluntly. Valente coughed awkwardly and Dean tried really hard to hide his grin as he took Cas’ hand to press a kiss on his knuckles. “I’m not gonna rip apart my marriage for a… a ‘fling’, agent. I love Dean with my whole heart and I’m perfectly happy with where I am in life.”
“Hell’s Grand Torturer,” Cas shuddered just by thinking about it. “He’s the definition of what you would call a ‘sick fuck’.” Those air quotes were still adorably dorky.
“Just stop being so stupid,” Cas told him, coming close. “Don’t go to Henriksen. We have what we came for. Let’s go.”
When Cas came back, two pizza boxes in hand, Dean was sitting at the table, looking down at his phone.
“Waterproof?” he asked as he looked closer. He seemed to already know the answer but Dean gave him a nod nonetheless. Then he was distracted again when Cas deftly undid his belt the same time he went in for a kiss.
“Ooh, can I come?” Charlie asked. She was a red-haired bundle of excitement. “You guys have to give me a tour after dinner. This hobbit hole must be huge!”
“I don’t know about you, but I want to go back to the motel and eat something,” Dean suggested when they started walking back towards the parking lot.
“God, you’re impossible,” Dean murmured into his neck the next time he had enough air for it, leaving a bruise for Cas to heal later.
“Yeah, me too,” he whispered, looking down for a moment in embarrassment, face heating up and it was totally worth it for the smile that was adorning Cas’ face when he raised his eyes again. It was that beautiful, gummy smile that made his eyes crinkle and nose scrunch up, teeth flashing white in the minimal light they had.
“He was an angel once,” Jimmy pointed out. “But he got jealous of God’s love for the humans. He became the Adversary.”
The hike wasn’t that long but Dean still started sweating after a while. He wasn’t Cas, his workout consisted mostly of sex and tinkering with cars. The sun high in the sky and the extra weight of the weapons didn’t help. Dean had his own gun, a shotgun filled with rock salt (against ghosts and demons, he remembered from Bobby’s lecture) and a silver knife. He’d never been this armed before.
“There’s nobody close enough,” she admitted with a frown. “I thought you would be ready to help me and as your father was a marine and you have a registered firearm, you are the best option I have.”
,” Sam answered in a similar tone. Dean gave a careful glance at the husband in question, sitting at the kitchen island. Cas seemed completely unaffected which was probably the shock (at least Dean really hoped so), his gaze kept on the huge wings that were still attached to his back.
The pain became almost bearable by the time he finally reached the break room. It was empty except for Cas, who was already standing, waiting for him. There was a long moment where he was just gaping at Dean in shock.
“You try to stay back,” Cas whispered, turning just enough to look at them. Dean returned his gaze, conveying as much reassurance as he was able.
It took a couple moments before it opened again and this time it was a pretty female Omega in her early twenties with strawberry blonde hair and a big smile as she looked up at Cas behind her, hugging her notes to her chest.
Cas looked hurried, somehow, even when all of his movements were their usual methodical, calculated selves. Dean wandered over to him, careful of where he put his foot.
They parked Baby as far in as they could go and followed the hiking trail for a while. The comforting weight of his gun full of silver bullets in his hand, the other holding a flashlight and Sam at his back gave him a sense of familiarity he hadn’t felt since his brother mentioned Cas’ name.
“Alright, we can debate on morality when all this mess is over,” Bobby took over again. “Why are they watching you, that’s what I wanna know.”
“In or out?” Dean asked. He wouldn’t hold it against Sam. The base could trigger him easily and that would be more of a hindrance than if he didn’t come at all.
The thunder disappeared like it was never there, replaced with a spoonful of honey. His gaze became hooded and a pleased rumble left his throat as he pressed his nose under Dean’s jaw, sniffing eagerly. The protective trace in his scent didn’t lessen but became something tender that wasn’t for keeping others away but was directed straight at Dean.
“Enforcement’s on its way, we need to disappear.” They both looked around on the mostly empty street. Then Dean spotted a car and a plan formed in his head. “That one.”
“Dean,” Cas gasped, hands roaming all over the Omega’s body, pulling on the flannel but Dean was quite enjoying himself. Christ, he'd missed Cas’ body.
The dinner and the beer vanished quickly but Dean still felt the gnawing pit in his stomach and he was sure it wouldn’t disappear until he and Cas were safe at home.
As the shots flying became quieter when Sam and Rowena left the gun on automatic, disappearing back to the motel, it became louder when Crowley arrived at the lot. There was a loud explosion when he blew up the back-up limo with the pen-like detonator he’d gotten from his own men, then it all went quiet again as he left.
He only needed to give a jerk of his head for Cas to move, slowly pulling out almost completely before shoving back in. Dean’s mouth dropped open, legs wrapping around Cas to pull him closer.
Bela took her chance and positioned herself behind the agent’s back for protection, not saying a word. If anything, she was a smart woman.
“I just wanted to find something,” Sam looked at him with his kicked-puppy eyes. “He’s so closed up about his childhood, I thought it would…”
Before the conversation could’ve really started, Cas burst out the door, sans Gertie, panic clearly written on his face. Dean’s heart thudded in fear and met him halfway.
“Love ya,” Dean sighed in complete relief, muscles relaxing into the bedding. Cas chuckled and pressed a kiss on his hair. “What was that?”
Cas worried his lower lip with his teeth for a couple long moments before he turned back halfway so they were facing each other, just inches between them.
“Not that kind of deal,” the Alpha shushed him. “It’s more of a compromise. I’m unaccounted for in Heaven. No superiors, no one to report to. I offered her my services for times she needed somebody to do tasks she had to do under the radar. In turn, I get to get into the Heaven of my loved ones without disturbance when the time comes.”
, and Dean didn’t want to know how he'd moved on the last couple years. He could die in blissed oblivion. He also knew that Sam wouldn’t let this up and would just go alone if Dean didn’t budge.
“Remembering thousands of years of military practice and tactics can make a difference in someone’s game, Dean.”
, careful that his husband wouldn’t see it. Cas was really touchy about this. He’d been touchy in the last three days in general. The massage had helped, but Dean wasn’t a miracle worker.
“Thank you,” Cas stepped up to the old, red sofa and pulled out the hideous garment. He shook it out and put it on with a glare that said
“He was my mentor,” Dean said quietly, looking at the wall over Cas’ shoulder. “He was like an uncle or a second father. I mean, I learned a shittone of practical things from my dad, but Bobby trained me.” Him and Sam both. And yeah, anyone working for the CIA had a screwed moral compass, but Bobby had taken his time to make sure neither Winchester turned into a psychopath and had a more or less healthy coping mechanism to deal with everything. And it had been all great until Beirut. Then it kind of went to hell.
“Yeah, there’s not,” Dean reassured him. “Not at all. But it doesn’t tire you out like it's done before. And your emotions are just piling up and you’ll gonna kill someone else because they bumped into you at the vegetables isle.”
“I can understand that,” he nodded. His whole family was in the CIA, probably the only exception to the rule of recruiting people without one in the first place. His grandfather had been an analyst, his father had been a top agent, even his mother’s name, who’d retired years before she’d been killed by one of her enemies, was on the wall with the other fallen agents. The Winchester name was entwined with the CIA. Didn’t mean Dean had always played by the rules – which, to be fair, were more flexible than in the military.
Bobby’s house was already visible in the distance but Dean stopped and pulled a surprised angel in for a deep kiss. Cas melted against him like he always did, their lips moving in a well-practiced dance, tongues sliding together sensually. It was easy to get lost in the feeling and even though Dean’s stomach curled with low arousal (nothing unusual while kissing Cas, honestly), he didn’t feel the need to take it further.
Dean swallowed loudly, really grateful that Sam and Charlie hadn’t shared their thoughts on the matter. Sam was probably laughing himself to death right now.
“Good,” Dean nodded, ending this conversation. “We get home, I’ll call Bobby. Can you fly the kids over in the weekend?”
“Copy that,” Dean said as he parked the car in front of a rustic, but clearly well-protected house. At least it was clear for Dean, but probably not for the untrained eye.
“I want to go back tonight and look into her medical file. It should be written there where they found her. I think I can sense them if I’m close enough.”
Henriksen arrived just as Charlie had said, the black SUV parking not far from the limo Dean was leaning against.
“’Course. And Dean, if something else happens or you just wanna talk while you’re away, just call, alright?”
“I come with a piece offering,” he lifted the pie. “I should have made it to your welcome party so I’m making up for it.”
It was always a good morning with Cas there. So most mornings were good, some of them even awesome. Dean wanted this one to be the latter.
“Mhm,” Cas smiled at him and pulled him close for a kiss. Before Dean could've reacted he found himself on his back with his husband hovering over him, food forgotten.
“Hello, boys,” Crowley smiled. “I would suggest you move your sorry asses so we can get out of this alive.”
“Leave it,” Cas practically purred, voice low, his breath hitching and lashes fluttering. “Want to feel you.”
Cas’ gaze met his and his face softened, his posture loosening slightly. Dean smiled at him and Cas gave him a fond grimace back, shooting a glare at the blonde when she put a gun to his head.
“Not that he ever appreciated them,” Benny scoffed. “He was never right in the head. Could be he finally went nuts and thought it a good idea to take a walk in the desert.”
The hitman had his back to Dean, but his tactical gear didn’t leave many places as a target. Dean chose the back of his knee.
He waited for another five minutes before going to find Cas. He didn’t need to search long. Cas was on the backporch that was running along the length of the house, leaning against one of the pillars. His phone was in his hand and he was swirling it between his fingers thoughtfully as he looked out into the dark woods. The night wasn’t warm, but he didn’t seem to be cold.
Dean checked that all threats were neutralized, then he was hugging Cas tightly, breathing in the familiar scent of his hair. Cas sagged against him, his face pressed against Dean’s neck, his hands between their bodies awkwardly. Dean faintly heard as the other got down from their hiding spots.
As Dean started the engine Cas was already dialing. Dean heard the second ring before it was answered.
“Cause we’ve been under surveillance,” Dean edged a bit closer, but at Cas’ sharp glance he stopped.
“Morning,” Sam greeted him, as he stepped out of the bathroom and went to his duffel for his clothes.
“We stop this discussion now,” Dean shot them a reprimanding look that normally didn’t work. “It’s not our call in the first place. If Cas decides he wants a family reunion, we’ll talk about it.”
“Castiel, please,” Anna took a step closer. Dean’s hand twitched. “Just tell us where it is. And we’ll make it quick. We even leave your friends alive.”
“Come on, girl,” he opened Baby’s door and put Miracle in the backseat. “Sammy, you’ve an ex who’s a vet, right? Can you send me her number?”
The flashbang went off in ten (they were slow), and then after a couple seconds three pairs of boots were hitting the wooden floor.
Dean was good at this. Cas was bigger than what he’d been used to in the last years thanks to his no-Alpha policy but he was the only one Dean had ever given a blowjob to without any protection. The taste of him was familiar and Dean pulled back a little, swirling his tongue at the head before going deeper again. Cas tossed his head back against the pillow, eyes squeezed shut.
Cas had had that ugly car since they were teens and it had finally given up two months ago. Dean had decided to tune it up completely, make it something Cas could use safely and that wasn’t harming anyone’s eyes by just looking at it. It was slow-going because Dean had to work on the clients’ cars first and foremost, but he promised himself it would be ready for their anniversary in May. Cas deserved nice things and this was something Dean could do for him.
He could barely finish the sentence when there was the deafening sound of a gunshot. The last demon, whom Sam – looking pretty alright, if a little disheveled – kept away surprisingly well with the salt, had a new hole in the middle of his forehead.
They decided that it would be the best to do this far away from other people. They picked up some dinner at a drive-through and after two hours of searching found an old, abandoned barn south of the town.
“They’re searching for an angel,” Dean interrupted him, eyes trained on the parking lot. “They think it’s Gordon, you’re not even close to their mind, I don’t think, but they know there’s an angel close to home somewhere.”
The spell itself wasn’t hard to do. The words just needed to be said correctly by an angel, no other requirements.
He reached the door and stumbled into it, pain clouding his mind. He tried to take in deep breaths and focus.
“Crowley’s an ass but he keeps his word. He never broke a deal before. I don’t trust him but he’s smart and he hates that he owes me. He’ll help. If you want it.”
“We’re going dark,” Dean said just as the doors opened and they stepped in. He gave the code and Cas handed over the modified glasses he’d been wearing for the eye-scan. It was a bit riskier than a contact lens but harder to lost and easier to put on. That it made Cas look amazing, making the blue of his eyes all the more obvious, was just something Dean had noticed.
They ate quietly for about five minutes before Dean broke. Come on, the man he’d been pining over was sitting right there, was he supposed to not push it?
Cas didn’t say anything else, but after Dean finished his left wing, too, every feather in its place, soft and pliable under his hand, he lifted himself to kiss Dean again.
“Because it was you,” Dean sighed. “I mean, it took me days just to man up and ask you out.” Actually, he’d had a whole damn plan for that but in the end it had just tumbled out of his mouth and he’d felt like a bumbling idiot. Right up until Cas had said yes with that bright smile of his. “It was you and I… I really wanted it to work out.” He tapped on the wheel even now, Jesus. “We were there and I tried not to trip over my own feet and you were talking about bees. You had that shine in your eyes and… I was sixteen and I just knew I wanted to make you that happy for the rest of my life.”
The love Dean felt for this guy after all these years was frankly ridiculous and made him tremble like the first time he'd felt it. The mortification didn’t follow it now like he'd expected it to, just the excitement that made him feel almost giddy and he probably grinned like an idiot.
Dean, Bobby and Sam were at the sidelines, ready to step in if necessary, but knew to let Cas handle it.
“You okay?” Cas studied his face with that sharp, intense gaze of his. Dean wanted to smooth out the small frown between his brows with his thumb. He only noticed now that they stopped moving, standing next to Baby and he didn’t know how they got there so quickly.
Cas took a detour to the bathroom and Dean went back to their seats. He hardly sat down when he felt a presence at his back.
“Mmm,” she looked all of them over like a cheshire cat. “This will be such a party. I always liked brothers.”
“I’ll stop it,” his husband said, shoulders slumping in defeat as he looked out the window at the backyard.
“That’s all I can tell you now anyway, but if you have any questions, you have my number.” Lily stood up with a smile, Dean and Cas following.
They didn’t talk much more that night and Dean couldn’t sleep for hours, staring at the ceiling of their dirty motel room and listening to Sam’s quiet snoring.
“Maybe it should be just us at first,” Sam put a hand on her shoulder. “You know, testing the waters. Then we could invite him and Linda over.”
“Don’t worry about it,” Dean crossed his arms, a little miffed that the woman who’d quite literally abandoned Cas in every lifetime would ask that of him, but he really didn’t want to piss her off.
“So we just have to keep a low profile then,” Dean hummed, some of the tension leaving him. “Be the friendly neighbors and not at all act like we’re on their wanted list. Cool. We can do that, right?”
“Dean, you fought countless enemies, the Devil, Death and God Himself. I gave up my life for you, and you didn’t even last a month because of a damn nail.”
in just five minutes. The gate was already open, a car parking under the office window where the employees left their vehicles.
Cas tensed a bit like every time the system was mentioned. He’d lived with five different families by the time Dean had met him, all of them with a bunch of other kids. Neither were bad or abusive (well, depending on how one defined the word), but Cas had been the kind of reserved, silent type so the parents had never really bothered with him. They had been just happy they hadn’t had another problem – up until Cas had snapped and done something so rebellious they had sent him back immediately. He kept those incidents mostly to himself, but Dean knew enough. It was a primary reason why they had decided to adopt children from a foster home.
When they more or less stumbled into the bathroom, they’d already lost their shoes, Cas’ shirt was open and Dean was trying to get rid of his own shirt without causing himself pain. Cas took a step away, already looking pretty debauched with his messed-up hair and flushed skin, his pupils blown wide. Dean was sure he looked the same.
The next time he became conscious, it was to the hot, delicious sensation of his husband’s mouth around his half-hard cock.
“I’m a veteran, Dean, not dead,” Cas said, his breathing slightly heavier. He was in a dark gray t-shirt and jeans, his hair still lightly damp. “And neither are they so let’s go.”
“You know it, Squirrel,” a voice came from his right as the metal door next to the dais opened and Crowley stepped in in an impeccable black suit and burgundy tie.
“Castiel Novak,” he twirled the pen in his hand as he looked at the screen of his computer. He was parking in a dark and empty lot in the middle of the city. There was a closed Italian restaurant on his right and a hardware store on his left, a hair salon just across him.
He decided on the windows looking at the corridor. The glass nicked his face even when he’d tried to protect it and he sprinted towards the door where he’d come from, clutching the stolen badge from Henriksen’s shirt in his hand tightly.
“Thanks, Cas,” Sam smiled at him when the prof stood up to leave for his own room. Dean had the urge to stop him. “See you tomorrow?”
“I think they learned their lesson from it. We should still keep tabs on them for a while,” Dean suggested.
“I had this… energy, almost like electricity inside me, getting stronger and stronger with every word he said and then I just kind of… poured it into him,” Cas shrugged. “I was so mad and somehow I knew this would work.”
“It takes a different method, but yes. I know the King of the Crossroads. He owes me and I can use the favor to figure out a couple of things.”
Cas seemed to be beyond words, the only sounds leaving him grunts and groans and something that was almost Dean’s name. When his movements became more erratic, he wrapped a hand around Dean’s dick, jerking him ruthlessly and Dean was coming with a shout muffled into Cas’ neck, his whole body lighting up from the inside, his mind shutting down, vision whiting out. He barely felt as Cas followed him a couple seconds later.
The pain crept up on Dean as the adrenaline wore off. His shoulder was aching from his landing on the floor and his ankle throbbed from when he’d tried to stood up. It hadn’t been even a real fight and he still felt beaten up. He was way out of practice, he had handled a lot more when Jo had started a bar brawl at their graduation party. Hell, Charlie almost got her soul sucked out but she seemed pretty fine.
“She’s fifteen. She can deal with it.” Cas shrugged. “I handle them. You stay here as long as you like.” His brows furrowed. “Or until I drag you inside in an hour or so.”
“I wouldn’t say I approve,” she stated, looking straight into Dean’s soul. “You always take up too much of his time from doing what he’s here for. But I wouldn’t take you away from him.”
“We didn’t do anything,” Cas guided them to the living room which was obviously their new place for talking about things. “One of our new neighbors is a Woman of Letters.”
“Honestly?” he shook his head. “I haven’t the faintest what you are. Never seen anything like it. I can make some tests and research, if you’re up to it, though.” He glanced at Dean. “Quit it, will ya? I’m not gonna touch a hair on his head. Just let me prepare some things and give me that paper, I’ll make a call.”
“That doesn’t change what I did.” He felt Cas’ scrutinizing eyes on him. “When I kissed you, you never even tensed up.”
“I’m pretty sure I’m on it,” Dean sighed and pocketed his hands. “I know a guy who can decode the rest.” He gave Cas a cheery smile. “Let’s hope he won’t kill us.”
“Dude, you look more relaxed than I’ve seen you in weeks. And thank God for that. You keep up this last week’s attitude for long, I go all Diane Kruger on you.”
“You can make it up to me,” he decided with a nod. He let go of Cas and unlocked Baby as he walked to the driver’s side. “Put the bag in the back, gorgeous, and hop in,” he said over the roof. Cas gifted him with a delighted smile.
Dean was just coherent enough to wrap his fingers around Cas’ forearm resting over his abdomen before he nodded off again.
“Dean!” the knife in Sam’s hand wavered just a little. His eyes were wide as he looked at Dean. “Are you here to kill me?”
“Loud and clear, Bobby. Thanks,” Dean hugged him as goodbye, then sat into the Impala and turned her around. When he looked into the rearview mirror, the door was already closed.
“I’m sorry we have to cut this short, Ms. Kelly,” Cas smiled back at her. “If you still have any questions, you can find me in my office at consulting hours.”
“Bright. Strong. I was almost blinded by it while you were having that orgasm.” Dean blushed. Cas didn’t seem bothered. “And after… it was the most beautiful thing I’ve ever seen.”
He waited at the top of the stairs until Cas locked his door, then he led them out the back door. The Impala was waiting a couple yards down the street. Cas hummed lowly at seeing her, but stopped short on the sidewalk when Dean went to open the trunk.
“Fine,” she pulled back, her usual brave and indifferent face back on again. “Then hurry up, old man, I don’t have all day.”
He’d known Cas had to have some fighting skills but the three men laying on the floor were highly-trained operatives.
“We can check out the place tomorrow evening,” Cas agreed with a defeated sigh. “You call Sam in the morning?”
“It’s weird,” Dean finished the sentence, putting the magazine aside and turning towards her. “I get it. But it’s not the only weird thing about this. We have to accept this as the new norm because we can’t make it go away either way.” A small smile tugged at his lips. “I haven’t seen him this invested in something in a long time. And if it makes him happy, I can’t tell him that he has to stop.”
“Bobby, not for nothing, but Cas isn’t very angelic,” he added. “Sorry, babe, no offense, but you just killed someone,” he murmured to his husband.
“Hey, sweetheart,” Dean answered it as he picked out a fresh pair of jeans and a clean flannel shirt.
“See you soon,” Cas kissed Dean’s cheek and was out of the car. “Oh and Sam, Victor said to pick up the phone.”
He had enough strength to turn his head a little, looking down at Cas who lifted his chin so their eyes could meet. His face was flushed, there were locks curling wetly over his forehead and he had a glint in his eyes. The smile he shot Dean was tired but undeniably happy.
“So nice to finally meet you,” Cas smiled at her softly. Dean didn’t know if his husband had come to the same conclusion as him. “We heard a lot about you.”
“But – he’s got like a million books!” Claire protested but there was no heat in it. Probably wouldn’t be for a while. Jack just nodded mutely.
Dean pulled out onto the busy main street without looking around, taking a sharp U-turn when he realized the road in front of him was closed by cop cars and fire-engines.
“Dean, you may think you’re fine but you’re not,” his husband stood up and walked up to him. “Last night proved that.”
They could do anything they wanted. Later. For now, Dean was just happy to lay there with Cas, forever stretching ahead of them.
“Yeah,” Cas agreed, sounding as out of breath as Dean felt. He swiftly got rid of the condom, throwing it into the conveniently placed trashcan beside the bed, before pulling out some wet wipes from the nightstand to clean Dean up carefully. It took some effort for Dean to turn his head to look at him and he didn’t feel like moving for the next century, sore and sated.
“Damn it,” he gritted out, practically throwing the keys at Cas and trudging over to Baby’s other side.
He couldn’t make out the voice on the other side, but Cas started talking over it almost immediately.
“He’s your brother?” the dancer asked appreciatively from where she was laying on the platform. “You should bring him around, Gabe. Those gentlemen too,” she winked at the Winchesters.
They stopped earlier this time for the night, after hanging up with Jack and Claire, at a motel in the northern part of Nebraska. It wasn’t as homey as the inn yesterday but Dean didn’t really care. The desert had already turned into grassy fields and ramshackle barns. They would be at Bobby’s early the next afternoon.
“Hey,” Cas stopped before him, taking the bag from him and leaning in so his forehead rested against Dean’s. “I’ll tell them to let us be for now, okay? Sam could sleep here and Claire and Jack could miss a day of school. We’ll speak with them tomorrow.”
“Nothing major that I know of,” the cop shrugged. “I have to go now, though. Shouldn’t really talk to you at all until you’re cleared. You can pay me back in beer when this all blows over.”
“Angels only have what the humans call secondary genders. She was an Alpha. That was enough.” He bit his lower lip. “It was more or less occasionally. Angels haven’t been needed on Earth long-term for two-thousand years now. I took over Sydney’s body for an afternoon or a couple days most. Not all of my brethren is that lenient towards them.”
He must’ve been more tired than he realized because the next thing he knew, Cas was reaching under his knees and back and lifting him up from the chair. Something wasn’t right about that but Cas smelled good and his skin was warm and it probably didn’t really matter anyway. Before Dean could snuggle closer to him he was put on soft linen and the sheets were pulled over him. He probably sighed but he was asleep almost instantly again.
“Did you apprehend the necromancer?” Cas asked, tension in his voice. “I don’t want her near Claire and Jack again.”
“They’re already on my trail,” he pointed at his forehead. “We need that grace. So if they have it, I’m gonna get it from them. I just have to break my warding and they’ll be there in a couple hours.” He sighed. “If you don’t want to get into this, I’m ready to do it alone but I
“I promise you I explain everything on the way but I don’t trust anyone other than you and please help me.”
As soon as she disappeared he turned in a way that he had his back to the cameras in the corners and pulled out a duct tape from his inner pocket, handing it to Cas, getting an exasperated look back.
Getting the clothes off each other soon became a problem because neither of them wanted to pull away from the other just to get rid of a shirt. Dean’s hands were already shaking with excitement, so he was fumbling with the buttons, frustration building up and thoughts derailed every other moment by the sensations coursing through him. The good thing about that was that Cas was practically vibrating under him, stubbornly keeping their pace slow even when filthy sounds were leaving his mouth and his hands seemed relentless in their exploration.
“Whoa,” he blinked up at him. Cas was naturally strong but this one was a new maneuver. Dean was a bit dizzy from it, so it took him a moment to realize that Cas’ hands were already on his belt. “Slow down, tiger.”
Henriksen made the mistake of believing Dean was down and turned his back, probably to call security. Dean rolled to a standing and grabbed the coffee table in the middle of the room, lifting up one side and turning it on the agent who grabbed it reflexively. Dean bashed in the glass with his boot, his kick aimed at Henriksen’s stomach. The sound of shattering glass was accompanied by a groan. Henriksen leaned forward in pain which Dean mercilessly used to introduce his knee to the guy’s face. It was a strong enough move for Henriksen to stagger back and land halfway on his desk.
“Nice to meet you,” Sam interrupted their bickering and Dean almost sighed in relief. He really didn’t want to hear about Cas’ exes. Not because he was jealous, mind you, it just made him uncomfortable, okay?
The day was long and tiring even with Cas behind the wheel and Dean just napping sometimes or looking out the window or texting Benny about the garage. They did stop at a diner for lunch and Dean talked himself into eating alone. It was time he got used to that.
Cas’ head jerked in his direction and his blazing gaze filled with something softer. Most importantly, he stopped. Dean inched closer again, and his eyes never steered from the other’s as he slowly tipped his head to the side and bared his neck, hands by his side, palms up.
“Fine. There’s a good diner three streets down. While we eat, you can tell me exactly what you dragged me into.”
Cas shed his shirt quickly and unbuckled his belt, making Dean forget about the task at hand and he stopped to look on. Cas didn’t put on a show, he was efficient as he got rid of his pants, socks and boxers, totally shameless with his body and Dean could understand why. He just watched all that tan skin, the toned muscles under it flexing easily and Dean felt mesmerized.
“Fuck you, Cas,” he murmured and he hated the tears prickling at the corners of his eyes. He hated that this Alpha had so much power over him. Cas had never abused it before, probably didn’t even know about his effect on Dean. Not a surprise, nobody could control Dean beside his father and even that had been with boundaries. He liked to think it was what’d picked Cas’ interest in the first place. Not to rein him in, like many Alphas had tried and failed before him but because he liked that about Dean.
“Robert!” she smirked at Bobby. “It’s been years.” Her gaze wandered to Cas and her grin turned flirty. “Hell’s bells! My house is full of handsome men! Which are you? CIA or MI6?”
“Cas, what the hell?” he asked, hardly noticing how the stripper had scrambled off the platform and disappeared.
“Good? Really?” he threw his hands up. “Cause I think Cas just made a deal! Or did you forget about that small favor he’d have to do?”
“Brought in a car, supposedly. He was just lucky enough that Cas was at the front desk. He’s with him now,” his friend added with a sympathetic grimace.
“No,” was all he said, looking at the old tome like it was straight from Hell. Then he opened his wings, almost hitting Dean in the head and vanished with a flap before anyone could say anything.
“We’re alright, Charlie,” Cas answered her with a smile. “I’ll call you back when I can, okay? I owe you one.”
They decided to go after midnight (Dean’s movie-obsession may or may not had played into that). He wore his darkest pair of jeans and pulled on his leather jacket, mostly for comfort – and because Cas dug the jacket. This was kind of a B&E, which he’d always wanted to try, so he wanted to look the part. Cas didn’t bother with his clothing, just pulled on the dark blue Henley Dean had gotten him a while ago and washed-out jeans.
“You’re probably Kaia,” Dean hazarded a guess. The girl looked at them in surprise and immediately turned almost sheepish, a shy smile appearing on her lips.
They lazed around a little more before Cas sighed and got out of the embrace, holding out a hand for Dean to pull him up.
“Hi,” Dean greeted her, totally not understanding what was going on. The last week had been hard on him in that regard so now he was just kinda going along with things.
“Dean, I’m here,” his brother said, his floppy hair swimming into Dean’s line of vision. He had to tell him, just had to say the damn words.
“You wouldn’t sense the flying itself. It would be a bit disorienting, maybe dizzying at first. The only thing you’ll know is that you’ve been at one place and then you’re somewhere else.”
Dean looked back up at the windows in question. They were indeed open, and he saw movement behind the curtains. The horrible golden pimp-mobile Cas loved so much was just a couple parking places up from them.
She looked straight at Cas when she said that, and from the mention of zombies and that she’d only flinched a little when she’d seen the corpse in the room, she was probably in the loop. Claire wouldn’t just share that information with anyone, not even if she was in love. Dean didn’t rule out the possibility that Kaia wasn’t exactly human herself.
“It’s been a real blast,” Dean leaned against the kitchen counter. He knew they were tracing him. He prayed that Charlie was doing her thing because this wouldn’t work otherwise. “But here’s the thing, Victor. For fifteen years I was one of the best – I’m sure you know at least that from my file.” The rest was probably crossed out in black. “My whole family was in the business, generations. It was all I knew. But I didn’t retire so soon because of the killing or the stress or the bad pay.”
“Are there any other danger Cas could be in?” he fidgeted with his free hand. “Besides getting stabbed by that thing,” he nodded at the picture in front of them.
“True,” Dean admitted, eyeing the knife. Cas’ hand didn’t waver, his grip steady and experienced. “Are you a knife guy?” he asked curiously, maybe with a hint of a seductive smile.
“Cas, sweetheart,” he stepped inside, the two men on his heels. “These two agents from the FBI would like to ask a few questions about Roman while the cops do the same for the guys outside.”
“I see how it is,” Dean crossed his arms over his chest. “You thought you can just chat while we work our ass off outside.”
The rest of the day went by in somewhat of a blur. He wasn’t exactly proud of it but Dean couldn’t really remember what they’d talked about. He helped with Jack’s physics homework without really realizing what he was doing and the food Cas cooked for dinner went down without him tasting it – honestly, he wasn’t even sure what it was.
Dean shrugged off his coat on the way. He was going in there as much himself as he could. If Henriksen wanted Dean Winchester, he was going to get Dean Winchester.
The steel door marked as B3 279 in front of them was the only thing in the small room, the code panel on it glinting in the fluorescent light.
“So yesterday you were pretty good at dinner. Almost thought you enjoyed eating. And we have a dinner invitation so I’m gonna cash that in to not be a douche.”
“Jack prayed,” Cas grabbed his arm and pulled him inside the house, leading him quickly to the deserted hallway and out of sight. “They’re in trouble.”
“Yeah, that was a lot of work,” Dean admitted. Sam had found it hilarious. Dad had been more supportive but still clearly amused. He had said later, when Dean had been vibrating out of his skin with nervousness before his wedding that he’d known then that Cas would be it for him.
That stopped Dean for a second. His baby brother had a good, long life. That made it all worth it. They’d have to talk about that, Sam had to tell him everything so Dean could be even more proud of him than he already was. But that meant…
His skin was crawling just from thinking about Dick Roman. The guy was arrogant, a rich CEO with the smile of a shark and a troubling fixation on Cas. Not that his husband needed protection because he could handle himself just fine and was clearly not interested, but Dean didn’t want that asshole anywhere near Cas. It was most unfortunate that he couldn’t just kick the guy out – he had a bunch of classics, all beauties without getting any real appreciation, and he also had great connections to other arrogant, rich people with cars like his.
He could call Bobby and tell him about sending the info over. And check upon him, of course, while he was at it.
“No time,” Cas murmured, his neck still tilting beautifully to give Dean more space, an arm reaching back so fingers could weave into his hair and pull him closer.
Dean gave him a lingering, chaste kiss, feeling Cas’ beard bristle against his palm, then let his boyfriend reunite with the others as he walked over to Henriksen standing with Bela a couple feet away. He handed the handcuffs and the key back.
It would’ve taken up most of his day usually, but he had an idea forming in his head and he needed time to get it ready.
“Yeah. Was a little village,” Sam said to Cas. “Everybody was killed. Civilians. They told us to go in there and clean it up like it never happened.”
Dorothy was bound on the other side of the room, a ratty cloth in her mouth, blood on her face, eyes wide as they met Dean’s. There was no trace of Jack.
“I tried to eat an apple while working. I could hardly swallow down the first bite. It was just so… overwhelming, like the taste was amplified by a thousand times. It was just too much. Same with the toast and coffee this morning.” He took a breath. “Dean, I don’t know what’s going on. I hardly slept and I’m not tired. I’m not hungry. The thing that’s happened in the garage. I could hear you chewing while I was in the shower, I heard the lights exploding while we were upstairs – I have a suspicion I made them explode, too. And I don’t bleed.” He put his chin on the top of Dean’s head. “People are… glowing. They have this light inside them I can see if I look hard enough. Everyone. Well, Gordon and Dick were more dim than others, but still. It’s beautiful and I don’t know what I’m seeing.”
“Hey, don’t sweat it, man,” the Omega in question waved away the argument, steadfastly ignoring the last part. “You wanna protect your brother. Can’t blame you for it.” He was in this mess for the same reason, after all.
His brother didn’t look bad, to be honest. His hair was longer, reaching his shoulders, but well-kept. He had a beard (they had to get rid of that as soon as possible) which made him look older, but his eyes were clear and focused, if a little frantic. His clothes, a plaid shirt and jeans were clean. It was so good to see him.
“You’re hilarious,” Dean answered in the most deadpan voice he could muster. “Seriously, you sucked at this. Did you take lessons in the last years or something?”
“You weren't back until morning, and didn’t pick up the phone,” Cas said, clearly refusing to make eye contact with Dean. He didn’t mind it much. Cas’ scent alone so close was enough to overwhelm him. He really hoped the Alpha hadn’t heard the entire conversation with the wolves. “I knew something probably went wrong so I traced Dean’s number.” He stood up when he was done, pulled the cell out of his jacket pocket and handed it to the Omega. “I found it next to a dead werewolf. It was easy to track you here from there.”
“Good morning, Victor. Ben,” Cas added with a smile this time, finally turning his gaze away from Gordon.
He was back at Cas’ apartment at four p.m. and left the Impala at the back. He was pretty sure Cas wasn’t home yet, he usually worked until five.
“If that was your idea of an apology, I take it,” Dean panted and ran a hand through his sweaty hair, a grin curling his lips.
Dean hopped in the Impala and drove her to the hidden garage door at the end of the road as quickly as possible. He parked her inside, and hurried down the floors leading to the Bunker’s war room and library, but he shouldn’t have worried.
He pulled Cas in for a hug, clinging to him fiercely. Cas molded against him perfectly, and Dean still felt like this was where he belonged, between Cas’ arms. That was something that hadn’t changed.
He was just about to examine the strange little slits in the stone walls – probably to let some kind of deadly gas into the room if the need called for it – when Crowley reappeared with a laptop and a small cardboard box in hand.
“Okay. Let’s go. But if he slams the door in our faces, I’m keeping rights for saying I told you so.”
The last time he’d seen him hadn’t been their break-up, if it could even be called that. No, it had been just a couple months ago when that djinn had caught him. Cas had been there in the dream with him, as loving and sarcastic as ever. It had taken a little digging, but Dean had found out how that had been possible. It had been a simple meet-cute at a coffee close to KU where Cas had gone for a seminar. He had stayed for Dean. It had been one of the hardest things the Omega had ever done to wake himself up, losing both Cas and his mom all over again.
Dean had never used the words ‘making love’ before but he really couldn’t call what they were doing anything else. Even when it was rough and hard, screwing each other’s brains out against the nearest wall, it was about pulling the other closer, reveling in his heated gaze and never wanting to let go.
Before he could react properly or even move to grab Dean like the Omega knew he’d wanted to, someone growled behind the jackass. It was deep and possessive and sent a shiver down the hunter’s whole body as he recognized Cas.
Waking up from his afternoon nap on his day off to someone banging on the front door was not something Dean liked. He wrenched it open, ready to kill whoever was on the other side with his glare alone.
“Let’s untie Dorothy and get out of here,” Charlie suggested, her tone gentler. “We’ll talk about it when we’re on our way.”
“Flatterer,” Dean smiled at him. “We wouldn’t be here without you handling everything else that doesn’t have to do with the actual cars.”
” Sam’s voice came in clear. Dean imagined him sitting in the back-up car not far from the base, with his computer in his lap.
They were silent, Dean had to give them that. But he’d been one of the best agents in the last thirty or so years, and they couldn’t hide their sheer presence from him. They were hunting and Dean knew exactly when he was considered prey. Time to turn the game on these fuckers generously called a wet team (Dean knew the best in the business and these standing in his foyer weren’t them).
Dean was out of the car they’d stolen in Charlottesville in seconds, walking inside, Cas still protectively hovering next to him, Bobby following a step behind.
Sam was sitting beside him, looking out the window, probably lost in thought. Cas had stretched out on the backseat and he was sleeping quietly. He would get a crick in his neck where he propped himself up against the door, using the jacket as a pillow.
Sam let out a scoff and even though Dean didn’t glance at him, he was sure his brother was rolling his eyes.
He looked to the side and saw that Cas was still asleep. Not a surprise, but a pleasant thing nonetheless. It could mean a lot of fun for Dean.
“You’re both more mature and intelligent than others your age,” Cas said with a soft, proud smile on his face but his gaze was serious. “We’ll alleviate what to share with you and not because we don’t trust you but because we want to protect you.” He bit his lower lip thoughtfully. “Something happened today that will have consequences and we’ll tell you everything you’ll need to know.”
“You were good,” Cas slurred in confirmation. Dean turned his head so he could see him and yeah, Cas was pretty much out of it, laid out on the mattress like a fucked-out mess. His hair was wet and disheveled, blue eyes blinking slowly at Dean. He looked the closest to sleep in a while.
So Dean was the one who got to put his hands on them first. Yeah, he’d touched Cas millions of times before, but this… it was a whole new experience.
Cas’ expression turned to stone and his voice became colder than the arctic wind. Fortunately, his eyes didn’t even flash with grace.
Dean risked a look at Cas and he couldn’t see much in the low light, but the guy’s jaw clenched minutely.
He grabbed his coat and the bag from the sofa, briefly checked its contents, then waved at Dean to get moving. Dean didn’t like him at his back, but he went along with it because he needed Cas to trust him.
“Thanks, Garth. Take care,” he heard Bobby hang up. “Independent South African hit team,” the old man turned to him, his expression rueful. “They’re suspected for the death of a young reporter in Michigan. Kevin Tran. You heard of him?”
Dean looked away from Leia and Han’s bickering. Claire seemed flushed even in the low lighting and she was careful to not glance at anyone.
“I’m Agent Morris and this is my partner, Agent Valente.” He had dark hair and brown eyes and a serious expression that seemed pretty permanent even at first glance. His partner was younger and blond, glancing curiously inside the garage where Dean was sure everyone was trying to listen in. He shook both their hands. “We’d like to talk to you and your employees about the disappearance of Richard Roman.”
He presented it as an option because it was still Dean’s life and his decision. He wouldn’t go behind the Omega’s back – okay, that was a lie. He totally would if he thought it was for the best, but he didn’t have to at the moment.
Cas’ orgasm was a surprise. Its only signs were the full-body shudder and the brief flickering of the lights overhead. His ass clenched around Dean’s cock that made him see stars and it didn’t take much to let ecstasy take him over like a tidal wave.
Dean bit back a grin and leaned back in his seat, resting his head against the window. He looked at Cas until his eyelids were too heavy and a couple miles later he was fast asleep.
“Read this,” he waved at the page full of strange symbols. It was a text but Dean’d never seen anything like it. There were pretty easy ones looking like runes and more elaborate ones inscribed with circles and squares.
“Dean,” Cas’ voice was full of worry as Dean practically stumbled into his waiting arms. He could finally let go completely, secure in the knowledge that his husband could keep him upright without problem. The familiar scent of his aftershave was still strong where Dean pressed his nose into his neck.
“Every contract goes through me,” Crowley told him like he was a ten-year-old. “I chose one of my best demons specifically for the job.”
The house was full of warm colors and wooden furniture. They were led into a study. It was littered with books and case files, paintings of landscapes hanging on the wall. Dean also spotted a picture on the desk of Lily, a tall man with a blond ponytail (probably her husband) and a little girl. The armchairs were cushy and comfortable as he and Cas sat down on them, Lily taking the chair behind the desk.
“And how you handle it?” Charlie gushed further. “I mean, Dorothy sprouted wings, I would lose my mind no matter how hot she was with them.”
“Yep. Here,” Dean handed over the paper he’d written the list down on hours ago. “You can crack it, right?”
“Sweetie, it’s clear as day you like this lad,” her smirk was still there but her eyes softened. She was fonder of Sam, yes, but she and Dean had a history, too (and he hadn’t kept her in a basement for weeks like his brother). And yeah, maybe Dean actually wanted to talk about it.
The bar had gone silent the moment Cas showed up, the patrons looking on with interest, the ones sitting nearby trying to get out of the way inconspicuously in case it came to a fight. Cowards.
“Go to sleep, Dean,” his voice was fond as he looked at him. He didn’t smile, but his eyes had softened, with little wrinkles at the corners. “I’ll watch over you.”
The front door opened at half past six and Dean’s nerves were back. Cas (or most likely him) wandered in, throwing his keys into the bowl sitting on the edge of the kitchen counter. There was a loud, tired sigh.
“Shit!” he hissed, rubbing the spot as he looked up at Benny. “What’s that fucker doin’ here again?”
Cas was out after a long shower and maybe it was creepy, but Dean looked at him for a long while, completely awake on the bed closest to the door. The light from the muted TV was casting shadows on his slack, peaceful face. His stubble was getting darker (he should probably shave tomorrow) his lashes long and dark and fluttering minutely once in a while. The t-shirt he slept in – neither of them changed into more comfortable clothing in case they needed to get away – got a bit twisted as he moved, showing a bit of his collarbone and broad shoulders.
The door was solid steel, no sound making through it – not for Dean, anyway. He only hoped that worked both ways.
“That was when I started to suspect it,” Cas continued, crossing his arms. “It would’ve been arrogant of me to just assume I was an angel but I didn’t have any other ideas. Crowley enforced it, though.”
Dean looked out the window where Sam was still working on the grill, then at the stuff that still needed to be carried out. The only thing left to do was the music, but Charlie was in charge of that and they couldn’t do anything about it until she arrived. So really, it wasn’t much of a question.
Cas’ lips were surprisingly soft under his and he pushed back into Dean with a satisfied hum, warm and insistent and Dean died just a little. This was something he’d wanted for a fucking long time and here he was, kissing Cas and it was amazing. His brain shook off any feeling of exhaustion to memorize everything about this like it always did in fights. But this wasn’t a fight, this was Cas, in his arms, pressing against Dean and kissing him in a way that was achingly tender, his stubble grazing against Dean’s deliciously, the hand on his face going to the back of his neck and into the short hair there. Dean shivered, but didn’t move to pull away from the touch that could become easily dangerous if there were malevolent intentions involved. The pad of Cas’ thumb caressed the sensitive place behind his ear and Dean shivered for another reason entirely, the hand on Cas’ hips (and when had that gotten there?) squeezing a bit tighter.
“Dean, I swear to you, we won’t hurt him in any way, physically or mentally. But we need to know if Cas is dangerous.”
There was a deafening gunshot and the girl’s eyes widened like saucers before she went down like her strings got cut, blood slowly oozing from the hole in her chest. The blade clattered to the floor. Before the male could even do more than turn around, it happened to him, too.
“Your contact?” Cas blinked in surprise. He was still studying Dean’s hard expression, his face softening after a moment. “I’m sorry.”
Cas collapsed to the side and Dean moved to accommodate him on autopilot. The Alpha’s head was resting on his bicep, their legs immediately finding a compromise over each other that was comfortable for both of them. Jesus, habits really died hard.
As he walked down the street, sticking to the shadows, he planned out his next move. First, was this a CIA-sanctioned mission or was just an old colleague and/or enemy trying to take him out? The only person he knew with connections and who wouldn’t shoot him or sell him out was living three states over. That should be his next stop. But no, he had to visit another place first. It wasn’t about just him anymore. Because he’d gotta go and get fucking attached.
The silence wasn’t oppressing, the forest around them loud with wildlife, the sound of their boots not scaring anything away. As the dusty road curved in front of them, Dean started hearing something, a noise that didn’t belong anywhere near these woods. He looked at Cas in surprise who just gave him his usual upturn of lips in response.
“Now!” Cas shouted and Dean immediately took a step to the left from where he was hiding the strange sigil from the others’ view to press his still bleeding palm into the middle of it. Sam did the same on the opposite wall.
“Uh,” Dean frowned and went over his mental list, crossing out combat zones, military bases and dictatorships which were surely not what Cas had meant. “Maybe, uh, Budapest?”
“I just saw the two of you together, how close he was to you and your grin and just…” he gave a defeated sigh. “I’m sorry.”
“Dean,” Crowley sassed back and stepped to a table pushed to the wall, pouring two glasses of the ridiculously expensive whiskey he liked so much. He handed one to Dean, who accepted it easily. “Haven’t expected you. Thought you retired. By the way, how’s Moose doing?”
God, why was Cas so amazing and sympathetic? He should’ve been at least a little upset about it. What was his problem?
“So Jack’s not –” Dean swallowed thickly, the echo of the desperation he’d felt still burning his throat.
He turned to Cas fully, closing the distance between them in one step, cupping his face in both hands. The angel’s breath, which he didn’t even need, hitched and Dean should’ve done this a long time ago just to see this reaction.
“Dean, here,” Ash, who actually should’ve manned the front desk was there from nowhere and took Cas’ other arm and threw it over his shoulders. “Come on.”
He was knocking for almost five minutes when the door finally opened and he just faintly recognized his brother’s epic bitch face before he pushed past him into the living room.
To be honest, he didn’t expect anything from this night. It had been a long day and they were getting from one stressful, life-threatening situation to another. Yes, there was the promise of a kiss, but that hardly meant anything. If the opportunity presented itself and Cas was game, Dean wouldn’t say no – hell, he’d be more than okay with finally getting into Cas’ pants, he’d wanted that for months, after all. But he wouldn’t push it. Honestly, he was just glad they were safe and could finally take a breath.
“Yep,” Dean’s grin was still fixed in place, but now he felt proud, too. He pulled the zipper of the jacket down to take a look at the would himself.
“Why not?” the ex-angel said with his usual stoic expression. “Dean promised me dinner and celebratory sex and although we haven’t gotten my grace, I count it a win that we survived.”
“Upstairs. He just finished vacuuming when we got home and then told us to pack because we’re going to Uncle Sam’s,” Jack shrugged.
The walk to the bar was around fifteen minutes. Dean didn’t risk taking Baby, if Cas had to fly them out of there, they’d had to leave her behind, and he really didn’t want that.
Dean moved towards them before he realized it but two steps in there was a strong grip on his upper-arm.
Sam seemed surprised at his enthusiasm but followed him nonetheless. He still asked if it wouldn’t be safer if he drove but at Dean’s dirty look he slid into the passenger seat without much of a fuss.
Sam started struggling more obviously, subtlety be damned but they didn’t have much time to consider their options. Dean didn’t even have the time to curse.
Lisa had been a good friend to them since they'd moved here and her son, Ben attached himself to Jack and Claire immediately. He found Claire cool and Jack was always there to play with him and knew funny facts about everything and that made them the best people in a then five-year-old’s eyes. Victor had been Lisa’s boyfriend at first, now his husband of three years and a loving step-father to Ben. Also quite great for a cop – Dean didn’t trust those on principle. They got along just fine with each other, unlike with Gordon, who was smart enough to retreat into his car.
He sighed and pulled himself out of bed, running his hand through his hair. God, this would be exhausting and not physically but emotionally. They shouldn’t have come to Cas. Dean always brought him down. But at least he had been able to get a last good look at him.
Her demeanor changed in a moment, face turning into a politician’s – charismatic and polite, an expression that tried to convince you your goals were the same. Dean was just glad she hadn’t tried to seduce him.
He should’ve talked to Cas about this instead of tossing down half a bottle of bourbon. The last time he’d decided to drink his problems away had been that time when Cas had started hanging out with Meg Masters who’d worked at the coffee shop near campus. She’d been pretty and full of snark and Dean had been so irrationally jealous, sure that he would lose Cas sooner or later. When the bar Dean’d chose to drown his sorrows in had called Cas at three a.m. to take him home, his then-boyfriend hadn’t been happy with him. So he’d sat them down as soon as Dean had finished throwing up in the morning and had made them talk. It hadn’t been easy, admitting his fears out loud. But it had helped, hearing Cas’ reassurances about hanging out with Meg because they had similar backgrounds and that yes, he liked her but why would Dean think it was anything compared to his feelings for him? Also, Cas’ embarrassed confession about asking her opinion on proposing had been convincing enough – which he had done a couple weeks later. They’d always talked through things since then and it
Dean wanted to argue further, but didn’t see the point, so he just made a tense motion with his head that should suffice as a nod. Charlie went inside first, the squeaking of the door hinges way too loud in the quiet of the house. Way too quiet but that was probably just the paranoia speaking. There was no one on the other side, no creature with fangs or glowing eyes throwing itself at them. Thank God for small miracles.
“So we’ll probably have a dog sometime in the future,” Dean shrugged. “Not like we can say no to them.”
“Those sons of bitches!” Sam’s face contorted in fury before he started ranting. “How many times have I told you, Dean? You cannot trust the system! I told you when you’re in the system, they switch the flip and you’re done!”
No real friends, no strong connections for over one and a half decades. Cas had opened up to Dean and through him to others, but the loneliness he’d felt for a long time had left its mark. He still couldn’t be called social by any means (although he had become infinitely better at it) and it still took him by surprise when someone openly liked him. It always made Dean’s heart ache.
“We should tell the truth,” Cas spoke up. He was looking out the window with a serious expression on his face.
“How did he take that?” Dean arched an eyebrow. Kevin never had been the fan of angels and his interactions with Cas hadn’t been exactly friendly.
“Let me say this,” he asked. Because he could finally say it. There was no one who would try to take it away. There was no reason to be a coward anymore. “The thing you thought you couldn’t have? Well, I thought the same about you.” Cas eyes went comically wide, mouth opening a little and Dean really couldn’t help how his gaze dropped to it for a moment. “I mean, you’re an angel,” he huffed a laugh but there was no bitterness in it like all the times he’d thought about this before. “Never even thought you could feel anything like that in the first place, let alone for me. After all the things I’ve done to you, how could you? And then I thought we were gonna die and you drop a bomb like that. I probably couldn’t have processed all you said in a week. And then you were just gone and I didn’t even have the chance to say it back.”
“All the names on the reporters list are in the file, too,” Sam added. “But he had an additional name. Richard Roman.”
“Our idiot children decided to go after a necromancer,” Dean grumbled. “She got away but we killed the zombie.”
The only house in their vicinity was a yellow-painted, two-story building. There was a woman stepping off the porch and walking up to them.
He let his eyes remain closed, just allowed his hand to move around until it found something warm and solid. It felt like an arm and he grumbled a bit until he reached the big, rough palm attached to it and long fingers curled around his. He heard a faint, amused snort from the same direction.
“So in a way a human eye can see?” Sam theorized, already looking for his laptop. “Like a comet, maybe, or a meteor?”
The next morning they went straight to Linda Tran’s office, dressed in button-ups and jeans (plus Cas in his dorky trench coat), coffee cups still in hand – turned out Cas was adorably grumpy without his caffeine. The over-eager assistant at the desk was charmed by Dean immediately and absolutely believed that they were with the police without asking for ID’s. They were showed to an office on the third floor and she left them in the otherwise empty hallway after some serious and frankly uncomfortable flirting. Yep, Dean still got it.
The constant teasing through their game had been hyping them both up. Honestly, it had felt more like foreplay than golf. No wonder they'd ended up here.
“I’m sorry,” the angel cupped his cheek. “I had some errands to run before I could come back.” The Omega’s expectant look earned him another smile. “Crowley wanted some classified documents from an angel named Naomi. She’s the Head of Intelligence. After I gave Crowley what he wanted, I went back to talk to her.”
“The friend I got my cell from has connections and hates the government,” Cas said. “I think we could have whatever Kevin found in an hour.”
“Your cher is a grumpy motherfucker but he can be really scary if he wants to be,” Benny admitted and now Dean laughed out loud, leaning his head against the fender.
“What you find, Sammy?” Dean asked, stopping behind his chair to look over his shoulder. Sam tensed a bit and paused for a moment, but didn’t move otherwise. There was a list in front of him with most of the names already crossed out. Cas stopped two feet away (smart) but with a clear view of everything, leaning against the table.
His head just popped up into the roof where there was a shot from below, the bullet probably just missing his leg. They needed to be slowed down before they could report where the targets had disappeared to. Dean pulled himself up before hooking a foot around the twisted rebar jutting out from the roof like it was just waiting for someone to fall on it.
It took a little digging, but Charlie got all the information they needed. Talbot would be in Minneapolis the next week for her campaign. Big gala at the ballroom of an elegant hotel. Secret Service securing the event. With the five of them (since Bobby was out) it should be child’s play. They would be out with her in half an hour.
His phone was vibrating in his back pocket for like the fifth time since they’d left the gathering and he had to take a deep breath to calm himself. He needed to answer that.
She didn’t get an answer as Henriksen decided he wasn’t finished. He ran through two lanes and used a roadblock to jump on top of a car, then from there onto the limousine. Dean had to admire his dedication.
He was happy enough that he got around to taking out the trash which he’d put off for two days now. He should go out for groceries, too, sometime. He could make himself a proper meal for once.
His eyes stuck to two rows in the middle that looked almost the same, only the first couple characters were different. Dean would’ve bet Baby they were spelling out
It was just Gordon’s dumb luck that a voice from behind them were shouting greetings in their direction. If he so much as looked sideways at either of their kids, Cas wouldn’t stood a chance reaching him before Dean.
“This is a miracle in itself, so it seems fitting,” Claire muttered just loud enough, but she was smiling, too.
“The truth? That would go down well. ‘Hey, your parents just killed an important and rich man, got rid of his body and now we’re going to Uncle Bobby to see why your dad has fucking wings.’ Fantastic.” Dean saw Cas sharp, reprimanding look in the rearview mirror and flinched. “Dear,” he added. Sam snickered.
“So get this,” Sam turned the book around, tapping a passage. “The nearest meteor sighting we found in November, seventy-three, was this.”
“I have to add, if the situation is dire enough, you’ll probably be able to materialize it into a blade such as this,” she showed them a picture of a silvery-looking, triple-edged, long dagger, the handle and the knife made of the same material. “It could be used as effectively as a touch of grace. It is also the only thing that can kill you. As you experienced, you can’t be hurt by a normal weapon. This one would do it, but as far as I know, only angels wield these.”
“Where’s Cas?” he asked, looking around like Cas would just pop out of thin air – the fact that Cas could actually do that didn’t really count.
“Cas!” he grabbed his husband’s arm to steady him and Cas leaned against him with most of his weight, eyes screwed shut in pain. Dean’s heart jumped into his throat. “What’s wrong?”
The research showed a clean-cut werewolf case. Mutilated bodies, missing hearts. The Wildlife Service badges were put to good use and the sheriff gave them everything they needed.
It was the second time in a row he had to calm Cas down and he didn’t like it. He really hoped Cas wouldn’t go into rut in the next few days because that would make him – and Dean, probably – vulnerable to practically everything. He was just grateful his own heat was still weeks away. He should talk to Cas about that when all of this was over.
