“Ah,” he stuttered, “yeah, no. Her brother, car wreck. Nothing serious.”
"Well yes." Silly man. She grasped at something to get his mind away from the wedding. "The Inspector mentioned a case involving a corpse buried under the new Barclay's building. Sounds interesting."
And for the first time in their relationship John truly felt like she understood him.
John’s breathing heavy, he can’t help it; he’s trying not to break down.
Sherlock frowned so hard his brow near covered his eyes.
The constables looked at each other and then mumbled their agreement. One of the men uncuffed Sherlock.
"Repressed. Different concept. And, yes, I think it's something we should work on."
“Can’t you leave Lestrade be? You’re going to see him prematurely grey,” Sherlock snapped.
"Simple. He'd taken several painkillers beforehand, so we know it was planned ahead of time. What he didn't plan for was losing so much blood at the rate he did, thus ensuring he didn't have the strength to maneuver the release."
Another sip, still as hot as the last. “I can detect notes of… fuck-all, this tastes like liquid hot piss. I can’t-”
“Do you remember coming back to the flat?” He asked next, an almost ominous air about him. Sherlock was baffled why this mattered more than the simple fact that he’d nearly overdosed on purple cough medicine.
“Yes,” he finally conceded. John readied himself to go in for the kill, before he was abruptly cut off. “His name was Victor. Still is I imagine. We haven’t spoken in a while but I assume he’s still alive.”
He trudged back to the table, hands in his pockets, probably looking strikingly similar to Charlie Brown.
The sound of breaking glass filled Sherlock’s ears. He’d done an experiment once, years ago, with shatter patterns of different types of kitchenware; it was possible that was where the audial memory came from. It didn’t matter, really.
John’s hand slid down Sherlock’s concave stomach, just a whisper of contact over his straining erection, before he ghosted down.
John tried not to smile and failed. “Going to be bored, then?”
John laughed at that, but Sherlock seemed to be quite serious. “Well… compared to anyone else’s, I would think. Or, you know, just in general. Are they brilliant, like you?”
John seemed to be waiting for some kind of response from Sherlock, but, as he wasn’t able to think beyond John’s hot breath making the front of his pants moist, there didn’t seem to be much he could do to move the conversation along.
John grinned and proceeded to dump caramelized sugar syrup into the expensive scotch. Sherlock was beside himself.
John blinked...and then he frowned. Sherlock rarely found the word adorable cross his mind, but what else did one call that befuddled puppy look?
“I mean it, Sherlock, not even a tie will be misplaced or any and all sexual activities will be rescinded indefinitely. I’m not putting up with whatever that brain of yours can come up with, especially if it’s malicious.”
“If you’d followed the schedule Molly and I made…” He mumbled, not at all put out to have John posed next to him. Unaware of the perfect reference he’d gifted Sherlock with, John slept on as Sherlock flipped back to his original page. Instead of finishing the drawing he’d been working on, though now that he had John in front of him he had to admit it wasn’t as bad as he’d thought, he started a new one.
John looked up with a smirk. Or as much of one as he could manage, considering.
The kid looked down at his hand as it continued to caress a woman’s fur lined wool coat. “It’s nothing,” he mumbled. “Any idiot with eyes in his head could do the same.”
He stopped Sherlock with a steady hand to his shoulder. It was warm, a bit commanding, and Sherlock stopped on one foot to absorb the feeling.
As soon as he was out of sight Sherlock’s panic set in.
Hell, he couldn’t
“Wait!" John called out when Sherlock turned tail and ran from the room. He turned to follow but Mary yanked him back.
He stopped with his hand on the fridge door. “Oh.”
“Three and a half years is hardly-” Sherlock tried to, sensibly, explain but John cut him off with a growl, smashing his lips into Sherlock’s without a care. Sherlock mentally shrugged and filed the argument away for later, opting to instead allow John the liberty of examining the back of Sherlock's mouth with his tongue. The streetlights painted them in alternating flashes of blue and gold, and Sherlock thought he’d never ride in a cab again and not think of this moment.
And, again, John finds the end of his prick sliding down the back of Sherlock’s throat.
“Sherlock, what the hell has gotten into you?” John snapped, standing to pull him away from the poor woman.
“Sherlock is more than capable of hiding your body, John, should he feel the need. Just don’t fall asleep here anytime soon, you should be fine.”
Sherlock stood up suddenly, John following on his heels, turning to watch Sherlock pace into the sitting room, hand in his hair.
means?”
“Just grabbing my bag, won’t be a moment,” he says.
"Oh. Food's ready." She smiled at everyone and took John by the hand, leading him away from the group. He continued to be trapped in Sherlock's gaze until she shoved him down in his seat at the table.
Sherlock had never been so hard in his life.
“You know what, on second thought, I don’t want to know.”
"You mean... As in... Romantically?" John sputtered.
“Try not to look conspicuous,” he ordered and then slowly let himself float away from the group. John mentally rolled his eyes but followed as the man sank into the shadows in a manner befitting Dracula himself. John probably looked more like The Count from Sesame Street- the smaller, cuddlier version.
“It ended badly. He doesn’t like to talk about it but I think he’s on the mend.” Sherlock’s voice came in louder, clearer, telling John the bug was directly under his chair. Mycroft hadn’t even tried to hide it, the prat. Maybe that was the point; too obvious.
“Oh yes, it’s me who’s the problem,” Mycroft snapped back, more petulant than John had seen from the man yet. John could see the resemblance now. Apparently upset that Sherlock had ruffled his feathers, Mycroft tugged his jacket down and set his shoulders back. “Mummy and Father send their regards from Spain.”
"Oh, yeah?" John waits for her feedback before commenting. The woman hadn't exactly picked a winner with the last one.
“Best finish up then, aye?” Bernard teased with crinkles at the corners of his eyes.
” He shouts when Sherlock, without warning, runs his hand down and cups John’s bollocks.
“Got you,” he whispered triumphantly after just a few seconds of scanning the tube feed.
Sherlock stopped suddenly, coat swirling around his shins like a cape, as he surveyed the loading docks. He mouthed silently to himself before choosing a seemingly random shipping container. They crept up to it on silent feet. John nodded to the container in question and Sherlock tipped his chin once in acknowledgment, then bent and scooped up a bit of old, rusted pipe, hefting it into the air, testing its weight. He gave John the go ahead and on the count of three he gripped the steel door and yanked it open.
The man licks at his gums, which must be bleeding just a bit.
“You should move in.”
“Yes,” Sherlock interrupted. “I know. Wait for the police, if you would. They’ll be able to help you better than I.”
Baker Street has stopped feeling like a tomb since Sherlock's return. One would almost venture to say it begins to feel a bit like coming home again when he crosses the threshold. Which in turn makes John a bit ill when he reminds himself this is no longer his home; that he's chosen to make a new home, with Mary.
"Oh, that's so good, John. I could do this for hours," Sherlock panted and stretched to claw at the headboard.
“Fancy a cuppa?”
Mrs Hudson was in position at the top of 221C, just where he knew she would be, still hovering around nervously as Sherlock had loaded up the cedar crates labeled “‘Heather Hill Apiary” from the van outside. She caught John just as he came down to investigate, mumbling about ventilation and worries of escapees. He could hear them chatter, John questioning their landlady in confusion, until an exclamation of, “Bees?!” was heard. Immediately John was down the stairs and ready to put a stop to whatever Sherlock had gotten them into now.
“And another year wiser,” Sherlock added with a solemn air.
“Good. I’ll leave this here. Just holler if you need anything else.” With that, John quit the room.
"Morning," he replies with a strained smile.
“You… lied to me,” Sherlock whispered the accusation, brow furrowed in disbelief.
This work is gifted to my small bab
“She what?” He whispered softly, as if he’d misunderstood.
John hazards a glance behind him without turning. Sherlock is sitting on the edge of the bed facing John, waiting patiently for John to figure out what he’s saying.
John nipped at him and laughingly said, “You’d remember if they’d done a good job. Is it all right?”
Sherlock didn’t seem to expect that, though it seemed an obviously fair trade. Something about it bothered John, beyond what he already felt, and he realized what it was when Sherlock blinked in confusion.
Eventually she turned and asked, “Why’d you stop at the gate?”
“Caliber?”
"Sherlock." He receives no answer so he tries again. "Sherlock. You idiot, there isn't even a slide in the damn thing."
John frowned at him, trying to puzzle out why Sherlock looked like a toddler with a full diaper.
And then he moves and John practically screams at the ceiling. Immediately the hot channel disappears and Sherlock is speaking. John blinks and looks down. “What?”
Mrs. H pushed the button on her little pink stun gun and sent the metal prongs whizzing through the air at Mary. What was probably 30,000 volts of electricity raced through her where the bits had struck her in the arm and John watched in both mute horror and resigned amusement as she involuntarily pulled the trigger on her pistol.
“I can tell,” Sherlock went on, “your middle is spreading again already. I see the words gluten-free in your future.”
“I’ve got plans, mate, what is it,” he snapped, bouncing on his toes. He could tell the bloke and his crew were working themselves up to ask. What was it about today that had everyone so excited about his- completely non-existent now, he might add- sex life?
Sherlock huffed from the top of the fence. “You’re lucky the designer was trying to give the illusion of security in this park,” he said with a grunt as John clasped his hand and hauled him up high enough to reach the top on his own.
Mrs. Hudson smiled sadly. “Yes, dear, you are.”
“Right, I’ll just…um…be on my way then…”
Sherlock raised his eyebrows as John floundered. He watched as the man frowned at his shoes, and took the opportunity to look John over. Same boring brown shoes as always (all his money went toward essentials), with a newly washed jeans and jumper combo. Simple but somehow utterly gut melting for Sherlock, though he’d yet to deduce why. Damn the man; without even trying he had Sherlock squirming.
The warmth of John’s smile melted the lingering embarrassment. “Just making sure.” He sent Sherlock’s heart into near cardiac arrest as he ran the back of his fingers lightly over Sherlock’s sensitive lower abdomen.
Sherlock smiles down at him, softly, something he’s never seen before, and John’s heart swells. If he doubted Sherlock’s reciprocation before, he doesn’t now.
He waited until John reluctantly sat down, though he didn’t remove his jacket, before he explained.
“Yeah, sorry. Yeah, that’s fine. Wouldn’t want you to get hurt.”
John gave an 'Ah' face and took another, rather large, mouthful of ale. "I see."
"Biting your arse."
“John?” Sherlock looked at him quizzically.
John started laughing. Sherlock stared him down until it subsided into giggles before he responded.
About a mile later, they pull off onto the appointed exit, following the the spot of neon light from the hotel. It’s nearly deserted, only two other cars in the lot, one probably the owners. The whole scene looks like something out of a seventies horror film and John isn’t afraid to say so as they stop in front of the office.
"Yes,
“Mrs. Hudson out?” John asked as he shed his jacket and tossed it.
“More drunk,” Sherlock corrected again, though his face heated in embarrassment and lust. Christ, how did crudely drawn stick figures engaging in random sex acts have the ability to turn him on? He supposed it was the figures in question. He reached out and pulled the top of the book away from John’s chest, pointing to a specific scene. “Which one is which here?”
John’s face went comically blank and then upon realizing this, went in the exact opposite direction by looking dramatically interested.
“Oh, I know, dear, but I thought you could both enjoy it together. That’s safe enough, isn’t it?” She asked, innocence embodied.
“No,” John drawled, and then, moving to their chairs and tossing the bag on the table, continued, “I’m making you share with the class.”
“I can see that you do,” he spit back, going on the offensive, despite his resolve. Anything to make John stop.
The chance to show what he could really do…
did this," he replied, flicking his tongue lightly over John's bottom lip. "You did this to us. It could have been
Staying quiet, on the other hand…
He remembered the unbidden internal litany,
John pulled the blanket back over his head and laid in bed for another four hours.
He chucks the empty bottle in the backseat and pulls off onto the exit that signals the last rest stop for sixty miles. The sun is setting as he drives up, painting the landscape in red and gold, giving the squat building purporting to be a rest stop an otherworldly appearance. Then again, most things in the desert tend to look eerie to John, regardless of the time of day.
John stooped down to tie his shoe, and good that he did, else he might have missed it. Sherlock’s hand that was, as it gracefully snaked into Greg’s coat pocket as he passed and then slipped seamlessly into his own. He didn’t catch what Sherlock had grabbed, Greg's badge again most likely.
“No! God, no, I wasn’t- I didn’t mean to-“
“Oh.” Though pacified, he could feel himself going red. “I- I’ve imagined it. But never… no, never tried.”
They glared at each other until Sherlock’s eyes crinkled. It wasn’t a smile but it was close enough that John took it as a win. He looked back down at the sprain, noting the discolouration.
"Fuck, oh damn you, stop that," John commanded.
John slid him a side eye, not sure if Sherlock was telling the truth but having no real reason to think he was lying. He wasn’t looking at John to see the look anyway.
He ignores it, and goes back to retracing his steps on the map.
“Don’t get me wrong, you’re absolutely fucking amazing at sucking cock-”
“So, how did you come to the conclusion about the vigilant bit?” John asked.
“Hmm.” Sherlock sat back in his chair to think upon it.
“Are we done, Inspector Lestrade?” Sherlock droned as if boredom were about to drive him round the twist. In reality he was bouncing his knees and gripping his shins like a lifeline. He looked like a massive five year old.
John’s eyes crinkled, just the way Sherlock liked, as he smiled warmly up at him and patted Sherlock’s shin - a careless, casual touch, like it didn’t even matter.
“It’s for the best, I’m sure,” Mike muttered in vague reassurance. “Enough about you, I’ve got problems of my own, you know.”
“Never,” John struggled to voice despite his startling lack of air. He thrashed but it only caused Sherlock to pull back harder. John was starting to understand that Sherlock wasn’t going to let go until John either surrendered or passed out. So he surrendered his dignity instead, and snatched Sherlock by his hair.
“And that is… bad?” John asked. “Is this about my moving in? Because that’s not technically official. I-“
“Yes,” John drawled, confused. “I’m back now.” He removed his hands from Sherlock’s shoulders when the heat emanating from the man became too obvious to his receptive palms.
“This is all your fault,” Sherlock answered, before attempting to capture John’s lips again.
Sherlock grinned, like John knew he would. "I think you're exaggerating a bit."
Sherlock’s arms go up and around him, and John finds the confidence to weave his fingers into inky curls, while lips curve and teeth nibble. He thinks he might explode, to finally feel the sweet points of Sherlock’s lip with his tongue. Christ, what has he been doing with his time? He could have been doing this.
"I wouldn't have need to fret if you'd not agreed to marry a gun wielding psychopath in the first place," Sherlock muttered as he held his bunched up tie to John's wound.
He left the train at a quick clip, suddenly in a hurry to be there, and not just because the temperature had dropped several degrees since sundown and a nasty frozen rain had started. He unlocked the door with the key Sherlock had given him within a scant two days after the meeting for biology lessons, and quickly went inside.
“There’s nothing to be upset over, you silly thing. I had a beau do the same for me once upon a time. It’s quite romantic.”
John snorted. Sherlock let out an answering chuckle.
Sherlock blinked at the strange evidence before him. “You...still have that.”
John’s eyebrow rose, a look Sherlock had never seen directed at him before. “Wouldn’t you like to find out.”
“Mmm,” Sherlock hummed in answer, waving the joint away when John tried to pass it back, allowing him another try since his first was ruined. “She keeps a bag on hand for when her arthritis flares up. But between you and me, it flares up quite a lot.”
Pain reliever, cotton balls, rubbing alcohol, close but no...Ah ha!
"Thank you, Sally." Sherlock preened.
, as the Americanism went.
The sight of those frizzy black curls moving down the bed quicken John’s already erratic pulse. He watches as Sherlock gets comfortable, eyeing John’s cock just like he’d done everything else, with a mixture of curiosity and pleasure. All John can think about is the feel of Sherlock’s palm and fingers wrapped around him and the sight of those full lips, just inches away from where he wants them. Nothing could be more important than feeling them there, where Sherlock is staring, calculating.
Sherlock looks up at him finally, clearly angry that John's called him out. "You'll notice that but not that you've still got shaving cream behind your left ear?" He snaps, a pathetic attempt to deflect.
Mixed signals send John off the deep end. Good thing his girlfriend is on top of the situation.
“A motel coming up. Probably not The Ritz but I doubt we’ll find an alternative before first light.”
“Okay, I did, but not
“Do you really not know anything about Pink Floyd?” John asked.
“How about lyrics?” He asked next. “Do you remember what the song was about?”
“It’s Old English,” he defended. “It means fair haired.”
"John," Sherlock greets casually from his perch on his leather chair when John walks in. It doesn't occur to him to knock, another symptom of returning here in the thoroughs of nostalgia. But really… What could Sherlock possibly be getting into that John hasn't seen already?
“Nothing better to do I see. At what point did your underlings point out my misbehavior?”
"It's fine," she whispers against his neck. "Post the damn story and then come to bed." She pecks him on the cheek and then gets up to settle for the night.
“I can offer you the upstairs bedroom, if you’d prefer not to share this one.” He fiddled with the blanket before he realized it made him appear nervous, which wouldn’t do, so he dropped it.
It was slow in coming, John could barely hear it, but it came, audible enough to give John a chill at its deep resonance. Laila didn’t seem satisfied,  seemed to demand more or possibly clarification. Sherlock’s answering hiss was given a nod of approval. Laila marched back to John, took his hand and lead him towards his coat and shoes.
“Oh, you idiot,” John dropped the suitcase, “sit down before you fall.”
“Oh, I forgot the biscuits,” she huffed, marching back downstairs.
"Well, that's something, isn't it?" He sets his cup down, places a kiss on top of her head and then walks away. A scalding hot shower is in order next.
Molly had Greg's arm in a vice grip as they watched John man handle Sherlock toward the waiting rooms.
"Sherlock, gimme your mobile. I need to call for backup and a squad for John." Greg waited with his hand out until Sherlock slapped the phone into it. He ushered the women out the door with him as he dialed for help. John noted he'd already tied Mary and Janine together with a length of rope.
“Yeah?” John lit up, grinning shyly.
John nodded sagely. “So she’s actually the landlady. That explains that.”
“I’ve dropped men more indignant than you with both hands tied behind my back,” he casually boasted. He looked at the son and whispered, “It’s true, just last week, in fact, a high ranking Israeli official paid me to- “
“Feels a bit primary school to me,” he grumbled as he glanced up at Sherlock through his lashes. The look, despite its grumpy intent, had the opposite effect on Sherlock. He felt as if John had grabbed hold of his throat and stroked it softly with his thumb.
John shook his head with a smile. It was good to see all was forgiven apparently, since Sherlock only threatened to do bodily harm to himself when he wanted John to come over. He’d left Mrs. Hudson’s that morning to find Sherlock gone from the flat. No word, his coat and shoes missing. It wasn’t the first time he’d taken flight without telling John, but it
But then John had drawn himself standing outside 221 with his bags, and lo, giant hearts over his head that mixed in with the gibberish notes he’d written that were meant to reflect Sherlock playing his violin by the window.
"Didn't mean to be. Are you drunk?"
out, big difference. Good dick is hard to come by."
John laughs and looks away. Sherlock is casually glancing at his fingernails, which means until John looked over he was watching the conversation. Of course he was.
“I tried not to but…Yes. It’s probably overwhelming to you, I know, but I just couldn’t stop it and I’m tired of pretending-“
John had a look about him, confusion mixed with something like apprehension. “Are you asking me to be your partner?”
“Yes, John?” Sherlock started for him.
“Excellent,” he responded instead. He steepled his fingers and waited.
“It’s fine. You seemed pretty zoned out during class usually. I assumed it was hangovers but then you switched to pre-med…”
“Better?” Sherlock queried, nose still in the air.
They'd not really brought up John's past sexual history before but if Sherlock wanted to know he would be honest with him. "Yes."
John flipped the card in his hand to read it.
"Know what?" He demanded petulantly.
He did his best to look contrite as John delivered his diatribe but, knowing John was too sexual a creature to make good on the threat, he dismissed John’s dramatics. As John stomped away Sherlock was already narrowing down his best chances of angering John just enough to warrant theoretically fantastic angry sex without pushing him into anything too drastic - like leaving permanently.
“You’ve got the basics, which is a good foundation. We’ll go over neuropeptides first, as you seem to have missed that lecture.”
“But sir-“
“You know what always bothered me?”
Sherlock clears his throat. “See? That could have been disastrous.”
“Sherlock…” John hesitated, looking unsure of what, exactly he wanted to ask, but the softness precluded some sort of pity that incensed Sherlock further.
“He didn’t know?" She asked, incredulous.
“They were blue,” he whispered to himself.
Mary grins around her tooth brush as he makes his way into the bedroom, assuming he's done the deed. He doesn't confirm or deny, just removes his clothes and finished his nightly ablutions by rote. He's fairly sure Mary would be up for it if he gave the slightest hint of agreement but something still isn't sitting right with him, so he simply rolls her onto her side and snuggles against her.
“How many?” Sherlock asked.
John nods. And he waits.
"He's letting himself get chatted up by a bridesmaid," Greg drawled, to which Molly responded with a 'see?' head tilt.
, shag Sherlock Holmes. If the world had just ended and Sherlock miraculously acquired a working reproductive system and it was up to us to repopulate the Earth,
Or maybe John would rather like to do shots of ouzo and wipe his mouth crudely with the back of his hand…
“Got any nibbles?” He questioned as he travelled toward the kitchen.
Warning: Possible trigger for bad parenting of a trans teenager. Please feel free to send feedback on this if I need to change or apply more tags.
“Christ, I love you, you mental bastard.” He pulled Sherlock down again and pressed their lips together, melted together in such familiar heat, it was a wonder really why they hadn’t combusted yet.  He hoped he never became used to it. The feel of Sherlock’s curls between his fingers, the press of his lips, the taste of his breath as it brushed across his tongue, these things still felt like some sort of miracle and the moment he took them for granted, he would no longer deserve to have them.
John rubs behind his ear and smiles when his sleeve comes away white. "I've got you to notice things like that for me," he teases.
"You don't mind, do you? If you're worried about spelling or something, don't. I double checked." She gives another smile around her bite of toast and John doesn't want to read the smugness behind it but he does.
“Sherlock,” Mycroft’s answering drawl made John’s blood boil. “Don’t be difficult. I advised against this for good reason. No good will come of it.”
Sherlock blinked at him. “No, John. I don’t think so.”
"Molly's not too happy with Sherlock's new friend." He glanced over at Janine, where she stood chatting away with Sherlock and Mrs. Hudson.
John gave a great, put upon sigh, one that put Sherlock’s to shame, but smiled all the while. “I suppose. I’ll get to knock you around some more at any rate, that’s quite an incentive.”
Molly gestured wildly for Greg to come take care of Sherlock.
“Course it does. Now, are we done, or do you want me to remind you about your first suck-job too?”
“Go home, Sherlock.”
Most of his guilt seemed to stem from cheating on Mary. He shouldn’t feel that way, considering, but there it was. He’d never cheated before. It said more about his mystery date’s appeal than anything; that John would forsake principle for a good shag. He’d cheated on a girlfriend, slept with a bloke for the first time, one who was clearly under the influence… and all John kept coming back around to was the colour of his eyes.
“Parties tend to have plenty of both.”
The inflection in Sherlock’s voice gave the impression there was an alternative and it caused John’s ears to heat. He prayed the man couldn’t tell, or if he could that he wouldn’t follow the train of thought.
"Fine but, nnnggnnnn, I did offer the cleaner solution, don't forget." Sherlock wedged his hand in to replace John's and John spasmed on the sofa like an asphyxiated fish.
Sherlock finally answered. “Of course not. She’s smart,” he allowed, “easily the best pathology student they’ve got at the moment, but she’s obvious. It’s tiring watching her try so hard.”
“Hmm?”
“Yes, John,” Mycroft answered. “That is generally how counting backwards works. If you’ll both excuse me.”
“Whoa, hold on, why is he being cuffed?”
We switch over to Sherlock's POV in this chapter.  Sherlock finds the next student in need of tutoring is the exact last person he expects. Idiocy is the nicest description for his next move.
"Mmm," Sherlock mused as he ran his fingertips up John's sides, "Maybe condoms would be best. No clean up. And perhaps they'd help with your ability to last any significant amount of time."
“You should have come back sooner,” he answers but it’s in a softer tone, as if he’s talking a gun out of John’s hand.
“I wasn’t being reckless.”
“I hope that doesn’t prevent you from moving in. She’s really rather harmless, as far as landladies go.”
John chuckles. “Same,” he mumbles before kissing Sherlock’s plump bottom lip.
A family of four pulls in beside him, and the lot of them pile out, loud and clearly hungry. John smiles at the son, likely about four, who stands next to his dad, staring up at John in the unrestrained way children his age do.
“As if I would revel in giving her a fright if I thought that a possibility. She’s as healthy as an ox, ‘cept for the bum hip, perhaps.”
“Yes,” John hissed as Sherlock’s eyes traced a most prominent vein. “Oh, please, yes.”
John was just setting down with his bowl of cereal when he heard a soft, “Did you tell them about the cough medicine incident?”
Once it was clean as it was going to get, John chucked the rag under the sink, knowing full well Sherlock would never look under there since it was full of nothing but cleaning supplies. Mrs. Hudson on the other hand…
"I said I liked his dick and thought about riding
John pulled her by the hand toward the sofa, the very place she’d snogged, and more, probably, with David not twenty four hours earlier. He ran his free hand over the coarse fabric and tried to find the words to explain how incredibly done with her he was.
“Ta,” John muttered.
"How long have you thought I was the sexiest thing on two legs?"
It was his first crutch. It wouldn’t be the last, but it was the only one that had stayed after all these years.
“Oh,” the bloody genius responds, having finally looked up. So much for John’s faith.
“I’d never presume,” he shyly mumbled.
"It was good to see you. Tell your mum I said hello."
He panted hard when Sherlock started pushing downward in earnest. "I'm not. I'm really not." His abdominals burned with the effort of keeping his hips still as Sherlock worked at easing him in.
Her answering smile might as well have been a saucy wink and a nudge. He let out a weary sigh and started to explain further but she held up a hand.
"That didn't take long," Greg noted upon his return, over-riding Donovan’s “Some canvasing.” John glanced back then to see Sherlock trudging behind him, an aura of Charlie Brown-esque dejection around his shoulders. They made eye contact and he stiffened up.
Sherlock was suddenly very aware of the fact that Mrs. Hudson hadn’t cleaned that day. He’d completely wrecked the sofa with old vinyl records and soap carvings.  Did the flat smell like burnt eyeballs? He couldn’t tell.
Sherlock, to John’s surprise, started laughing. “Only my pride. I had it for a second, though, didn’t I?”
Laila gestured around to the empty pavement around them. “You tell me! How did you manage to muck it up in under twenty minutes?”
“I meant by yourself,” he clarified, settling Sherlock’s nerves.
"Oh, I know. Mary, right?"
Eyes were rolled heavenward. “I did not cry.”
As soon as he was sure Sherlock was finished- the evidence of which was obvious on the floor at their feet- he pulled out and ripped at the condom. He made quick work of finishing, all over Sherlock’s arse and back. The man gasped; in shock, horror, or delight time would tell. John couldn’t have cared less. He was too busy looking to the ceiling in bliss.
John had no idea, but god help him if he didn’t just want to let her lead one last time anyway. It was stupid, he knew, but wasn’t it just the way of things? Everyone else knew better, didn’t they? And apparently she had Mycroft’s invisible blessing. Sherlock’s too, if his rumbling Arabic was to be believed.
Beware: Beyond lies DickButt.
“I used to draw a lot more, in Uni, before… Before.” He resolutely did not look John in the eye, lest he see the pity he knew would be there, but kept his eye on the line of Mrs. Atwood’s blood-soaked Valentino pump. “Haven’t seen the point since but I had this old sketch pad lying around and-”
“You’re an idiot.”  No, that wasn’t right, he wanted John to stay but he was turning away. “No, John, listen-”
The look on Sherlock’s face. John has to look away or he’s going to laugh outright.
“Oh, enough already!” Sherlock snapped, shocking everyone in the vicinity. “We get it, you’re not gay. Does it really need to be said
John blinked back angry tears as he attempted to pull his hand away.
John smiled, knowing he’d been obvious. “I just wanted to say, to ask, rather, that you… not do…” He took a breath and laid his hand gently down where Sherlock knew those damned track marks lay. “Will you promise me you’re done with this? I mean, I assume you’re clean now,” he rushed to say, “but I don’t know if I can handle finding out you’re not.”
Sherlock couldn’t get up the stairs by himself just then but John decided to be the bigger man by not pointing that out.
He’d been having so much fun, Sherlock had nearly forgotten the reason behind John sitting on top of him.
“Yes, sir.” John shot him a grin, disarming and contrite in equal measure, and gave a salute. He left feeling a bit better, though he’d probably come to regret agreeing to the whole tutor idea soon enough. He’d not needed help studying since Year Nine, when Regina Hummel had decidedly
Sherlock slid his glass over to John and lifted his own.
of it,” Sherlock replied, the innuendo making John’s eyebrows climb toward his hairline.  “You had best pray there aren’t any of your cameras in my bedroom, Mycroft, because I plan on doing the ill-advised all night and well into the morning.”
The two boys stared off at each other as Mrs. Hudson tittered.
“Why didn’t you tell me? I would have come home sooner. Christ, if I’d known that I would have just stayed home.”
“You know-” John didn’t get to finish the thought before being interrupted.
John looked at him in the bed, apparently not satisfied with some aspect of his laying against the headboard, on top of the blankets. Perhaps he didn’t like that Sherlock was still in his clothes from the night before?
“Shall we add boxing to the list of lessons then?” Sherlock asked.
“Kids, you got any?” The man asks again.
“I expect you threw up everything in your stomach,” John muttered, half to himself, as he went about bringing Sherlock things he’d need should he get sick again. A bucket, a glass of water, some paracetamol, and all the while Sherlock watched John’s comings and goings with a curious eye. It took everything in him to keep his eyes open but he did.
“Right,” he agreed.
“My god. Have you no shame?” Sherlock watched John approach the table as if he held a live snake.
He envied them, he really did.
John’s eyebrows went skeptical. “All right, if you say so.” He backed up so Sherlock could stand, and it was then that Sherlock noted the brace on his hand.
John’s fingers curled and his vision went red.
Mrs. Hudson approached Sherlock with a flute of champagne, one of her own already half gone.
on?” He growls at John, which only sets John to laughing harder.
“Mmm hmm,” he hummed.
If possible, Sherlock’s smile became even more smug. “Why would you care about anything you might have heard, John?”
Sherlock went on. “You could have disregarded the suggestion, you could have run home, hell, you could have run to Cardiff if you’d liked.”
Oliver’s hands shake, as if he’s releasing pent up tension. He glances off into the distance, and in the silence, Sherlock looks to John. John shrugs, completely at a loss.
He didn’t want to turn back but, dammit, he was still caught in the man’s strange web.
“But you said it had been a long time for you,” John points out.
“I’m certain I can swing it,” he said after a beat, pen tapping the newly signed papers. “I’ll see that Molly gets the body. There won’t be anyone to dispute the desecration of the corpse, no family to speak of and as far as Bokarov tells it, not many within the group liked him to begin with. They were probably on their way to taking him out themselves to be honest. Sounds like he was messy, bound to get them caught sooner or later.”
“Sod him,” he growled back, tongue tacky with remains of syrup. “Nothing illegal.”
“Have you boys eaten? I was going to do a fry up.”
Sherlock snuck a glance at John. He seemed sincere but one had to be careful to avoid the pitfalls of sarcasm. He’d been duped before.
“I said no!”
“I am in love with you. You.
“To hell with you both then. Loonies.”
John loved it.
A minute ticked by, Sherlock assumed John was nearly asleep and was almost ready to ignore the heat calling to his frosty toes, when John asked, “What’re you doing?”
"See?" Molly started to get excited. "If we plan it right, you know, one of us distracting Mary at all times, the other two plying the boys with drinks, toasting and that... It could work."
Sherlock would have protested, had his lips been free. John’s smile never left his mouth as they kissed, for quite a long time. By the time John pulled away, they were both fully hard again.
“And this traumatic thing is linked in your mind to my kissing you?” John tries to see a link that doesn’t include being painfully assaulted but is coming up empty.
They shuffled until Sherlock was against the pillows, John stretched out along his right side. It seemed John was simply enjoying the view, until he closed his eyes with a chuckle, forehead to Sherlock’s chest.
John groaned. “Or cough syrup.”
They smiled at each other until Sherlock’s face pained him and he decided to push John out of the way.
“Mmm,” he replied shortly.
A frown pinched John’s brow, clearly remembering how gruesome a scene it had been. “You would, yeah,” he said cryptically. “No bowls of fruit for you.”
"Jesus, am I boring you?" The git snapped. "Pay attention."
Oh, bless him, he was
"What?" He thought back; yeah, Sherlock wasn’t wearing his scarf. Hadn’t for a while actually. “What does that have to do with anything?”
“Hmm?” John snaps out of his musings. “Oh, yeah, I suppose. Wouldn’t have guessed that actually. I haven’t had to disarm an assailant in years.”
He glances over. “You were wounded in action, invalided home recently. Depressed, probably advised by your therapist to go on holiday, put some things in perspective.”
Sherlock rushed forward and they fell into bed, laying the wrong way, but it didn’t matter, not with John’s hands clasped in his, not when John laid him down and pounced on top to stretch them out together. John’s thigh insinuated itself over Sherlock’s, his cock pressed insistently against Sherlock’s hip. He attempted to maintain his resolve, but for crying out loud, the thing was too entirely
Right on time, like a guardian fucking angel, Greg jogged onto the scene.
John blinked at him from across the coffee table.
Well, what did he say to that? Thanks? Too agreeable to her assumptions. Deny again? Doth protest too much. Silence seemed like a confirmation in itself.
John steadfastly refused to look at Sherlock, though he knew the man was looking at him, most likely noting his reddened ears. How was he rationalizing these tells? Did he file them away and delete them?
, and yes. Why? Her case is over, right?”
Sherlock heaved the coffee table over with his good foot and, as it landed top side down, brought his heel down on the small, black audio transmitter Mycroft had placed underneath.
“John?”
“Ahhh, it’s fine Greg,” John awkwardly interrupted. “We are
That brought Sherlock out of his musings. “Would you?”
He looked up when John didn’t respond. The man looked pensive, scanning the floor in silent wonder, before glancing back up at Sherlock.
He tugged John by the hand, pulled him into the hall, and practically kicked the door open when they arrived at his room. John shoved him from behind and did in fact kick the door to close it again, and then he was on Sherlock like bacterial binary fission. But decidedly less asexual.
This is it folks. The end of the road eight months in the making. Sorry it's taken this long to complete. When I uploaded chapter one I sincerely thought it was nearly finished. My brain does what it wants. *shrugs*
John groaned into the phone and walked further into the sitting room, further away from Sherlock. “Seriously, stop it.”
John’s eyebrows rose when David snaked a hand up under her jumper.
“Fuck,” he grunted and let his hips shove hard into Bernard’s fist. “Fuck, that’s good.”
“Nineteen...next year?” John thought aloud. “Meaning eighteen this year… Meaning until yesterday you were seventeen?”
I'm sorry. It gets better. I swear, I swear, I swear. For those still sticking around, thank you, thank you, thank you.
“Best not,” John agreed after a moment.
“All this and I haven’t even touched skin yet,” John noted.
"Seb?" John asked, trying to distract her further. He wondered where the hell Greg was, or any of their other guests for that matter.
“Ta, mate,” John absently replied as he shoved the kid away. He managed to make it to the stairwell and down the two flights to the fourth without accosting anyone else.
“We will,” John agreed with a wave. His smile fell as he slowly turned to Sherlock. His hand came out patiently.
Sherlock growled and stomped forward.
"With the polystyrene?"
! Don’t you dare say a lie of omission isn’t still a lie!” Sherlock was raging mad, his fists balled at his sides, limb shaking.
John cleared his throat, terribly awkward but necessary considering neither had spared him a glance in minutes. “I’m, I, uh, forgot to do the shopping. I’ll just… uh, pop down. Leave you two to catch up. Be back in a bit.”
“Oi, right, take yer damn bear and get the ‘ell out, mate.”
“Ah, thank you, Simon,” Sherlock said to the waiter, who waved him on rudely after he handed the bags over.
John pulled away enough to ask against his lips, “So what would be the politically correct term if I was to reference your cock as part of a traveling caravan?”
John glanced curiously about the room, noting the mess but hopefully the interesting bits as well.
And here came the begging. Always more with him, that's how it started. As if three fingers wasn't enough to get him off.
“Where did you get this anyway?” John asked just before he took his own turn.
“John,” Sherlock drawled, the warning clear.
John feels a drop of pure erotic desire in his stomach, his prick is at full attention between his thighs, as Sherlock groans, coming hard down the back of John’s throat. He swallows as best he can but it turns out to be quite a lot, most of it ends up spilling from the corner of his lips. When Sherlock falls back down to the mattress, John pulls back with one last lick, wiping at lips with a forearm.
“I piss off everyone. Run-of-the-mill cat burglars, government assassins, black hat hackers, the odd terrorist organization, my family.” Sherlock shrugged. “I’m used to it.”
She held up her hands in surrender. “I'm sorry, really, I am. I didn't know he would take off."
“Fine,” he dug into his pocket for his mobile, “I’ll just strain my eyes on this miniscule screen.” He squinted for good measure.
John snarls as, yet again, the wind sends his map whipping over itself, nearly out of his grasp. He slaps his hand down and smoothes it, knowing fair well it’s only going to happen again - a battle between him and Mother Nature.
“Christ, John. Oh, god.” He felt like he was being set on fire. His skin was blazing wherever John’s hand landed, rarely in the same spot twice, but Sherlock could feel was the radiating waves of heat as they made their way across his body. The sensation of immersion, the cocoon of bright pain and John’s tactile strength, deepened until all he understood was pleasure.
He had one foot in the door before he turned.
“Go! Away!”
John pursed his lips as he studied the plastic molecules, cell bits, and other detritus Sherlock used to teach. He picked a few up and toyed with them, seeing how they fit together to create larger components.
John then drew a panel that was nothing but ugly, black slashes in a rectangular box, his name the only clear space in the middle - an accurate portrayal of his time away, Sherlock was sure.
tried to pull you?”
“I want you right now and I'm stone cold sober. What does
he thought.
A part of John, the devious, selfish part, knew Sherlock was going to be brilliant at taking his cock, and most likely love every minute of it. Ever since he'd first found that bundle of nerves inside, Sherlock had been keen as could be. He wasn't shy, he rocked back, forcing John to accommodate the angle to the detective's specifications. And every time they ended up like this John came a little bit closer to giving in. It was hard not to, the way Sherlock was writhing like a damn cat in heat all over the bed. He could only imagine what it would be like, his prick enveloped inside while Sherlock rode out his orgasm, oblivious to anything but his own pleasure the way he did. Maybe that's why he hesitated to give Sherlock what he wanted. This had so far been mostly a 'my turn and then your turn' sort of affair, with the exception of the frotting incident 'The morning after', and hadn't that been the most emotional either one of them had gotten? They loved each other, he knew they did, but taking that last step felt like consummating it. You and me, forever more, no take backs. So why wasn't he rushing to lock it down? Maybe he still didn't believe Sherlock could want him forever. That was it really. There wasn't any practical reason not to, he'd had them both tested the day after they'd woken up on the floor together, and even if one of them hadn't been clean, it would have hardly mattered, they would have just worn condoms. He probably should have thought of that before he decided to gag himself on Sherlock's cock that first night, but in his defense, he'd been drunk and Sherlock did have one beautiful cock. It wasn't his fault.
It’s all fine. He hadn’t been expecting one. What he also hadn’t expected was the best blow job of his life, so he’ll take what he could get. That thought is followed on the heel by another.
He looked down at John’s hand with - not surprise exactly. Curiosity, more like. He studied it like one would a new breed of snake.
Before he could lower himself down, his friend rose up and crashed them together. Christ, it was better than before somehow. It was desperate, pleading, as if John had the antidote to something that was killing the man beneath him. His head swam, not with liquor but with lust. It was good old fashioned
“Yes,” he agreed again, an octave lower than normal.
“Get up, you great oaf. You’re a lot heavier than you look, I can’t even roll you over properly.”
“You did try,” Sherlock replied, cheeky.
“When is the lease on your bedsit over?”
Sherlock waved a flippant hand without looking. “Fine. Bring back nibs.”
century American Gangster?”
“Consultant, hmm? Do consultants need to hop across the Atlantic to chase drug lords though? Couldn’t you have guessed, or whatever it is you do, his whereabouts and just pointed the police in the right direction?”
He could explain, were he so inclined. Perhaps he’d just let his intellect speak for itself. He was no longer sure he cared what John thought, why he’d bothered thinking he needed to impress him.
A bit breathless, Sherlock teased, “Really? What am I, a piece of meat?”
An elegant eyebrow was raised, sceptical and a bit impatient.
“They said you were smart,” Miller comments, eyeing Sherlock from behind the pistol.
"Clara!" John takes the liberty of grasping her by the shoulders to steady her when she starts near panicking. He nods to her friend to say she's okay when the girl looks ready to step in. She hesitates but Clara waves her away.  "All right?"
, John thought, which pushed him to scrub harder.
“John,” Sherlock hesitantly called out, “does it really make a difference?”
“Did you see these?” He flipped quickly, so fast Sherlock barely had time to see, but what he saw was enough. “The drunker I got, the more creative I got.”
They nodded in agreement.
So he agreed. “Yeah, sure. I’m amiable.”
“So what?” She responded. “Tell me anyway.”
, Molly mumbled internally as Greg pouted against the tree.
she sing-songed into the phone again.
“Yeah, I’d love to,” he said sarcastically, “except my hand is broken and I don’t even know his number.”
“I’ll take care of it.”
John squirmed in his seat and apparently decided to go the coward’s route. His eyes slipped up and away as he continued, “You’re so young, I mean. I feel like I’m being coached by a foetus.”
“Need your cane, mate,” the man said apologetically.
Less than an hour later, under the cover of darkness, but for the bit of moonlight afforded, John and Sherlock, he finds his companion is named, lay on their bellies in the dust about twenty meters outside the rest stop.
"What are we toasting this time?" John asked with a laugh. Mrs. Hudson was so far into her cups she'd already toasted the Army, Navy,
“Shut up,” John snapped. “Just shut the hell up.” He sat up and brushed at his jacket.
Sherlock opened his mouth but then promptly closed it. He looked half like he was about to argue. That’s when John remembered they hadn’t exactly been on the best of terms before Christmas break.
"First it's not now and now it's hurry up. Make up your mind, will you?" He rose up out of the way so John could lube his cock quickly. John didn't take the bait Sherlock laid out, he was too far gone to be angry at the man's tone. He stroked himself fully until he was satisfactorily covered, when he looked up Sherlock was watching him, fisting himself as well. John groaned loudly at the sight and let go of his prick like he was burned.
Morning found John like a fifty caliber bullet found an elephant- messy, painful, and, if everyone involved was lucky, with a swift death.
"Just shut up, would you? That's not," he took a deep breath and laughed, "forget the costume. If you want to know the truth...I'm scared."
"Normally I'd disagree with the Freak but I have to say, I'm not that worried about him falling in the Thames either."
that he felt.
John’s face scrunched up in confusion. “What?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock glanced up. “H?”
Mike went red. “No! Are you mental? No, I was just checking before I open my big mouth and piss you off.”
They are just too cute, aren't they? *Squee*
“It seems John will partake,” Sherlock teased.
Sherlock was shocked at the words, at the matter-of-fact manner in which Laila spoke them, as if the outcome mattered little to her. Even if John didn’t want him, Sherlock couldn’t let him go through that alone; judging by her previous performances, it was sure to be a spirited public display.
“Yeah, I’m not sure about that last one,” he admitted with a scratch to his chin. “But he’s the best we have, that I can guarantee.”
The woman’s eyes light up and she immediately dives into a story about how her best friend in college went to London for a semester but how she was unable to go and how she’s always wanted to and are fries really called chips and does the Queen ever leave the palace and go walking about? She's sinking fast, John can tell. He's just about to reach up and tuck a loose strand of hair behind her ear, when a flash of shockingly bright purple catches his eye.
After a quiet moment, she spoke. “I'll stay for tonight."
he chastised himself.
“Oh, thank god you’re here,” Lestrade praised whomever had arrived, relief belaying the possibility that he’d contacted Mycroft. The two had crossed paths once or twice and the animosity was always palpable.
“I’m sensing some resentment, John. Do you want to talk about it?”
“You should have…“ Sherlock trails off as John exits the toilet and he gets a look at him.
“Unnf,” John answered, face buried in a sweet-smelling Burberry wool affair.
He really should have seen it coming, but he's still surprised when he hears a nervous cough behind him.
He should have known they wouldn’t have just one glass. By John’s count they had been sitting at something like five apiece when one of them, he couldn’t remember who, decided it was a brilliant idea to upend the whole bottle of scotch into the bottle of Coke, and so they could just passing it back and forth from their spots on the sofa.
John grumbled some more. Sherlock hesitated even longer, just in case John did remember laying together. He couldn’t bear to see the awkward avoidance technique John displayed whenever they got too close to...something.
Laila snorted into his hair. Eventually she pulled him away from her with a hand to the back of his neck.
“Who?” He responded casually.
John looked up and chuckled. “Yeah. Good.”
The vendor shoved an enormous bear at John, who stumbled back at the unexpected weight, and hitched a thumb for them to go. John laughed, sort of proud of himself actually. He was glad he’d stopped at Scarlett’s suggestion.
Sherlock begged with his eyes.
He scrubs at his scalp with the remainder of the shampoo and ignores the sound of Sherlock muttering to himself. Impossible, the way the timbre vibrates the very porcelain at John’s feet, but he does his best. The time needs to be spent thinking about the future. He still hasn’t broached the idea of meeting again in London, if Sherlock would be amiable to renewing their unlikely friendship. The fact that he’d just assumed John would follow him tonight gives evidence to his likely agreement but that's tenuous at best, dependent on John’s ability to remain friendly and not…
“Good, get in,” the man snaps at him. John doesn’t need to be told twice.
John went on. “I didn’t mean for that to happen. But you, you stayed.”
“He has control of my funds and monitors my allowance,” Sherlock went on, “which, I might add, is completely unnecessary.”
“He’s here,” Laila whispered in his ear, clearly relieved. “He sat down at the bar.”
John opened his mouth to keep arguing but snapped it shut with a click. His face did that thing where it looked like he wanted to smile but Sherlock knew better at this point than to think it meant John was in a good mood. He, again, jumped at the silence provided.
"Piss off, you have six more."
“John?” Mike questioned, uncertain.
“Me?” John squeaked. “What about me?”
John is still laughing but he manages, “I’m sorry, go on, you were saying?”
“What in god’s name…”
Sherlock looked down in surprise but with a small smile, like John had asked a good question. John’s step shifted unconsciously to something bouncier.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Would this be her poli-sci classmates or her
Sherlock stared up at the ceiling, tracing  the lines of the plaster breaks while he willed his tongue to unstick from the roof of his mouth instead of just wordlessly screaming. “Yes, you did. In the first half.”
They fall into an awkward silence, neither knowing how exactly to move on from the embarrassing moment. He knows she’s wishing they’ll move on but he doesn't want to end on this note, he can't seem to push it aside again with another diplomatic platitude. John thinks about what it must have been like for her, to have believed in them so hard, to want to emulate what she probably thought was the perfect relationship, only to have the rug pulled out from underneath her. How awful it must be for her to have the added strain of an awkward family situation weighing on her hopes as well. At least he hadn't had that to contend with. John glances at Sherlock and hopes the man isn't reading the situation as it is, though he knows it's a futile wish.
“Where’s your sense of adventure?” Sherlock responds as he slams his door.
“Sherlock I swear to god-Ow!”
“What I thought,” John muttered.
“I calculated a seventy-four percent chance you’d put your old clothes back on. I like being surprised.”
Sherlock leant in close to the plastic bottle, studied the leftover brown sludge and then looked back up. “Yep,” he announced with another hiccup.
“I didn’t set out last night looking to move in with a gypsy fortune teller, I can tell you that.”
John had about a half a second to process how bad an idea what she was about to do was before it happened.
“Wait,” Sherlock pulled back to look up at Johns stunned face, “why don’t
“The stadium. That’s where they have her.”
“Sherlock…” He tried again, quietly, with his ear pressed to the door again, desperate for some hint as to the nature of the activities within.
Mary is already up out of bed when John awakens the next morning. Not that it's strange, she usually is, but he feels anxious in her absence. His house coat goes on quickly, the sash tied as he makes his way to the kitchen without even stopping at the loo for a piss.
“Ta,” John growled. He jogged up the steps to Mercer Building and left the bloke to his own devises.
“I’m glad you enjoyed yourself,” he eventually said with a small smile. “You made quite the valued assistant.”
Sherlock’s right hand has John’s forearm in a vice grip before he can take a single step. John’s eyes are glued to the hand holding him still, the white knuckled grip, and then they’re traveling up his arm, the ridged strength of the limb, his tightened shoulder, of course his eyes travel over Sherlock’s neck, before they finally settle on those aquamarine eyes he knows so well. They’re a little bit greener just now.
“Fuck, you taste amazing,” John growled against his throat. “How do you do it?”
“Yes,” the man drawls, “as I was saying, I have information I think he’d find particularly interesting. It would be a shame if I was dispatched before I could impart it.”
He put a finger up to ward Sherlock off. “Not in front of our friends, who are
What are
“Seb says hi,” Victor informed Sherlock after tapping his mobile.
“I meant what I said. I hope the rest of your family is more accepting but if not I’ll find a place for you.”
“What?” Sherlock nervously questioned but John didn’t answer. His eyes were busy raking Sherlock up and down, mouth open and closing with no sound. “Good?” He asked.
, who I finally remembered to ACTUALLY gift to, because she loves unilock and continues to love my stories. *drops 70+k word fic on your stoop*
? I thought we had our chance to confess already but we didn’t, did we? If we can’t say it with our last breaths why would I say it just because you’re about to get married? Were you any more attainable for me with Sarah or Vanessa or Lindsay or Jeanette? No! Because we can’t do this! Just because you want something doesn’t make it okay!”
Sherlock studied him, looking for signs of illness or fatigue. “You…you don’t even know what I was going to ask.”
The girl flinches away and mumbles her apologies and John immediately feels terrible for being so brisk.
“Hmm.” An evil light shone from within Sherlock, and John rethought his previous convictions.
Sherlock opened his mouth to call him back, but the door snicked shut with an air of finality. Stupid, really, to even bother. If John didn’t feel up to repeating his previous lecture, Sherlock should be grateful.
, John thought,
Sherlock gave Victor a soft smile, which John read as ‘Thank you for saving the awkward situation.’
A subject change was in order. Greg finished the rest of his champagne and set the glass down with finality.
Sherlock blinked at John, partly in shame, partly in confusion. “Of course it was. I thought that was fairly obvious.”
John thinks he might fling himself from the sitting room window. Or better yet from his old bedroom. It’s higher and it would be a fitting end, he feels; his inner most thoughts come from that place, the corner of Baker Street he’d eked out for himself.  If he weren’t having such a surreal, out of body experience he might have gathered the strength to go through with it, but he finds his body is glued to the chair at the kitchen table, and he’s looking down at himself as he makes inane conversation with his best friend about the details of his wedding.
When he does, it’s with a casual grace, calculated to the inch, conveying clearly that he’s not bothered in the least by the previous silence. He holds his mobile in one hand, texting as he shrugs his coat off and tosses it to the sofa.
John threw his head back and groaned as he trudged toward his coat.
“Since 2008?” John asked incredulously.
“Which, as you know, is practically nil if you’re actively hiding something from me,” John quipped.
Sherlock’s lips pressed together. “John,” he hedged, shifting in his seat, “I do have one stipulation.”
“Yeah, well, I’m as close as you’re going to get.” The outside was already bruising; the swelling would come next. In a brief show of pettiness, John pressed down on the obvious sprain. “Is it tender?”
"What?" Sherlock asked and whipped his head to the side to see. His head fell as he noted the caller. "Ignore it."
John hissed as he crossed the threshold and freezing rain hit him right in the face. He also had to be twice as careful stepping down from the stoop, as the pavement was covered in a fine coating of ice pellets.
John snorted, shaking his paper back out to continue his perusal. “Because since we’ve begun sleeping together, you’ve learned not to piss me off if you want to get a leg over. You are a genius, after all.”
He didn’t answer right away. When he did, it was with a mumbled, “Good guess.”
John gaped down at him. “Is that what you think? That’s all we care about? You doing something
Sherlock gave a vague hum and laid back down, willing his burgeoning erection away with memories of childhood birthday parties. “What’s the occasion, then? Meeting the rugby mates?”
Molly gaped at him. "Like what? Did you miss the whole 'I do' that just happened?"
“-came by last night-“
for their continued support throughout this long process. I'd've given up if not for their 'OMG THIS!'s and 'OH NO HE DIDN'T's. You guys are amazeballs. <3
I’m half naked on your bed. Too busy trying to hide your erection to work out why I’ve forced you to come out here in a towel.”
A snort hit him in the chest. “No need to thank me. All in a day’s work.”
John processed this, blinking around the room, possibly in embarrassment, Sherlock wasn’t sure, before moving to stand.
“What? At all? C’mon, there’s got to be something you enjoyed? Collecting frogs out by the lake on your family estate? The butler telling stories of the haunted stable? Being invited to country fetes down in the village where Sara, the barmaid, winked and pulled you into a reel?”
“Don’t call your sister a bitch, John,” Sherlock admonished.
Well, so much for plausible deniability. George had been Wednesday's conquest and John wasn't into repeat performances.
“John,” he begged,” John, please. I can’t… Please.”
They linked arms, John handed their tickets to the man at the gate, who stamped their hands and wished them a wonderful adventure, and made their way forward down the median of bustling activity. John’s limp slowed them down but Scarlett didn’t seem to mind. He liked that.
"What brings you round?" Sherlock asks as John flops down in his chair seated across. He feels the familiar texture of the plaid upholstery and finally relaxes.
John spit like a cat, angry and puffed up but didn’t immediately take off when Sherlock let go, so he jumped to his explanation.
"I thought he was out of town?" Greg asked.
“Shh, I’m thinking,” Sherlock hisses.
“An assistant position, yes. Also, if you’d like, I’ve decided to invite you to move in.  We would split the cost of living, and you’d be around more to assist me on my cases. It’s not a
John huffs a laugh and pulls him in closer. “Your toes are cold,” he remarks quietly.
"You were saying?" John was first knuckle deep in Sherlock, a sure fire way to shut him up.
Sherlock couldn’t help but chuckle at John’s bemused expression.
“No!”
“I did. I’m a master of my emotions but when it matters the most they run amok and-“
"And one more will spring up in his place if we don't take down the whole operation."
your boyfriend then?”
John’s grin lit his entire face. “Oh, kissing too much for you now too?” He was teasing but when Sherlock glanced away in embarrassment he exclaimed, “Oh my god, it really is!” Sherlock glanced back to find John smiling like he’d done something particularly brilliant. He plopped his chin down onto Sherlock’s chest and stared. “What shall we do then while we wait?”
“Liked those flourishes, did you?” He quips without stopping, straight up the stairs.
“Of course not. Your business is your own,” he said nice enough, but they both knew he really meant ‘I can live without knowing for the last three months you’ve groaned my brother’s name when you’ve climaxed.’ “Are you sure this is what you want? It’s not exactly on par with-”
She looked just as surprised. Worried too, he supposed.
“More than,” John answered. It was
“Whoa,” John huffed and pulled him back, “I thought we talked about this.”
A bubble of something hot twisted around in Sherlock’s gut and then fanned out inside him, from his toes to the tips of his ears.  He hadn’t believed for a second John would actually enjoy Sherlock showing off for him. He’d hoped of course, but this feeling…it was wonderful.
“I don’t know,” John answered, frustrated. “It just is. You know, like make-up sex. You’ve heard of that, I’m sure.”
Twenty seconds later John was dead to the world.
“Mmm,” the man agrees. “You still expect me to believe you’re just a civilian with moves like that?”
“Yes, you did.”
Sherlock was wide awake. Terrifyingly awake. He looked down, even though he knew John was tucked up against him, his head pillowed against his ribs, just above the jut of his hip. His mouth gaped unattractively at John’s tufts of hair. He didn’t even remember falling asleep!
“Would you like to join, John?” He quietly asked.
Everyone started at the dry announcement. John whipped around to find Mycroft standing casually behind him, resting against that absurd umbrella.
He didn’t give his partner a chance to react, he gripped him by the lapels and yanked him backwards into the shipping container. They fell back against the metal with a huff as bullets ricocheted off the door and went pinging off into the distance.
“I used to,” he agreed. “I used to think I did. But you showed me a better way. Through you, I could see the point of it all. Being human, being kind, thoughtful, caring, selfless, brave. You did that, John. And instead of resenting you for making me care, all I could do was love you more. How is it that you don’t know? It should be as obvious as you are to me.”
“I will end you, woman!”
“But Sherlock-"
“Oh, god, John,” Sherlock cried when John took him inside fully. He’d severely under-appreciated the last time John had done it; must have been too drug-addled to have caught the subtle nuances. Or perhaps John really had gotten better. Whatever the case, the combination of heat, rigid tongue, gentle but quick suction, and low moans coming from John’s throat set Sherlock on a path he was loath to approach so quickly.
He took Sherlock by the shoulders, steered him away and nodded conspiratorially back at her. He blinked down at the bottle in Mrs. Hudson's hand and glanced over at John and his friend. She glanced over as well and grinned. Greg hoped Mary hadn't caught any of this as Greg might not be as subtle as he thought he was.
Her mouth open and shut like a fish, unable to formulate an answer that wasn’t ‘well, yes.’
“She break into your flat a lot, your neighbor?” John asked with a snicker.
John helped him lean against the door jam, already missing his heat as soon as he stepped away. Sherlock flipped the light on and turned back to John with a hesitant look.
"It was twenty minutes ago," he mumbles back. He's not even
Sherlock snorted. “It
Mary's tone is teasing but he can see the real question underlining it. He also shifts in his seat, pretending it's an issue of turning fully towards her and not the frission of unease skating down his spine.
“Other than her disappearance, what makes you think she was kidnapped?” He casually flipped through her notes. Her study sheets and her internet history didn’t match; the notes on The Constitution of India and the web pages searching levels of South American drug cartels.
“John, I-"
he was.
He pushed back at John’s tongue, unable to stop the flex of his hips back and then forward against his Egyptian cotton sheets. John groaned as well, clearly finding his actions no hardship. He’d kept Sherlock spread open with both thumbs, fingers leaving impressions in Sherlock’s flesh as he clawed.
This new intel halted Sherlock’s scathing words in their tracks. John had no idea Sherlock would be here. How was that possible? Oh. Simple. He was
say?” John’s eyes met Sherlock’s and held, his tongue started to peek out but he recalled it back, as if aware of the habit and its effect on Sherlock. The space between them grew quiet but heated. In the periphery, Sherlock was aware of the pounding bass emanating from the club, but it took second chair to the pounding of his own pulse. John was working something out, coming to a conclusion, and the outcome would change Sherlock’s life.
Sherlock gasped, eyes wide in shock.  "Oh, John. You were right. It is significantly bigger than your fingers."
“I mean, I’m no Gentleman Jack but you are sporting a pretty hefty gash there,” he explained.
“Thank you,” Sherlock eventually manages. “I’d like very much to try that myself.”
Sherlock grins. “Relax, John. This isn’t my first kidnapping.”
“Forget the food.”
"Not yet, Rin Tin Tin. They're still clearing the scene."
“I mean, we could do charades, but you can barely stand and I’m not exactly full of excitement to jump up and swing myself around the room.”
her, more
“Bowls of- Why would I draw bowls of fruit? We don’t even have any-”
John let out a surprised snort against Sherlock’s neck. Lips at Sherlock’s ear, he growled, “Take me home and I’ll show you.”
per se, but maybe-"
John shuffled in place, hiking his bag up his shoulder. “No, sir.” He honestly didn’t even remember hearing about it.
That was when Janine popped into the room and shut the door behind her. "All clear," she informed Mary.
He’d been to Mrs. Hudson’s kitchen a few times in the month he and Sherlock had been friends, mostly to raid her fridge while she was gone, so he was comfortable traversing the flat without Sherlock at his side. Plus it was easy to follow the mouthwatering smells. He was quite hungry.
“That’s true...but I don’t go to school there anymore.”
“Oh, apologies, my liege. Not everyone spent their summers in Toulon.”
“Are you
“That’s it, I’m done. Toss it, toss everything.” John stomped away, ignoring Mike’s call to return. Even if Laila was taking the piss about their breaking up, it had proven that Sherlock couldn’t care less what John did. He was done with all of it, the whole idea of Sherlock as more than just a flatmate. Hell, they were barely friends at this point. He’d certainly never mentioned Irene before…
“Shouldn’t,” John whispered.
“Go on and laugh, I know you want to,” she went on, sliding the black fur down her shoulders..
. And then,
“You know,” John leaned to take his turn and their fingers brushed due to the shortened length of the joint, “I can see you in an opium den.”
"Yeah, I dare you to do better," she snapped.
"You," Janine waved at the two men. "Why haven't you been together since the beginning? It's driven me crazy for years!"
“Humble too,” John quipped, settling into his chair. “Anyway, that’s not what I meant. I was talking about you talking me into being your flatmate.”
Before John can divert the conversation, Greg answers. "John's new blog post. Didn't you think so?"
“So you’ll continue to break him and I’ll just pick up the pieces, shall I?”
John holds onto his serious face by sheer force of will. “Hmm. Sounds reasonable. But what about in a few weeks, when spring hits and you don’t need me anymore? Gonna toss me out on my ear?”
Sherlock dumped the box onto the coffee table between them and nodded.
"I've followed the blog, you know, not religiously or anything," she says casually, "but, you know, off and on. I saw your post from this morning."
there to be
“The woman behind the desk didn’t seem too keen when I asked after the bed bug situation, which means either it’s clean and she resents the implication
“Have what?”
Things had gone well, despite all logic. It lifted Sherlock’s spirits like no needle full of opiates had ever done, seeing John trust him so explicitly. There was still work to be done, he knew that, but in that moment, with John’s pleasant, warm voice drifting up from the stairs, everything was perfect.
“Um, the new ones.”
“Yes. The way you dispatched Oliver’s man might have been a calculated tactic to throw me off but you’ve been rubbing at your thigh absently, which means it is actually bothering you. I thought the cane was a ruse to throw me off, doubly so when you obviously didn’t need it while fighting,” John marvels at that bit of information, “but since you’ve come down from the rush of adrenaline, you’re more aware of it. Correct?”
“What?!”
“Oh, look, our starters are here,” she cried as the waiter arrived.
Sherlock thought about that list John had given, his evidence of Sherlock’s rejection, the evidence of John’s
John opened his mouth but wasn’t sure what to say; he was thrown by the sudden inquiry. Remembering the bag of peas, he gently rested it against his lip.
“Say that to me again in the morning and you’ll have me.”
A second passed before they broke out into light-hearted giggles. Giggling led to light-hearted snogging, smiles making it hard to coordinate lips, but neither was willing to stop. John didn’t think he’d ever get enough of being allowed to kiss Sherlock Holmes.
“Are you all right?" John asked in a whisper.
John fancies a guess and thinks the man is probably a city boy, a banker or some such. The cut of his clothes, the car he drives, his artfully tousled hair - the man has money, that much is clear. The only thing John can’t figure out is what he’s doing driving across America. He never seems to be enjoying himself, so not on holiday. Perhaps he has business on the west coast but is afraid to fly? That doesn’t seem to fit either. The man seems impervious to fear. John isn’t entirely sure why he thinks so, maybe just in the way he holds himself, the permanently sketched scowl on his face, but that’s the impression he gets. John can picture him shaking off a phobia like a dusting of snow, merely an inconvenience.
“No,” he snapped, hand in the air. “I don’t want to hear the excuses.”
“Dare.” He was all in. Unless Sherlock dared him to lick the pancreas. That was right out.
“Now, John,” he commanded and then shoved off hard, nearly landing John face first in the dirt. They hefted the kidnapper just long enough to startle the accomplice, who came around the corner, gun drawn. He fired off two shots before they collided. John waited to hear a cry of pain but when none came he concluded that the shots had been absorbed by the kidnapper. If he wasn’t dead before, he was now. They dropped the corpse and scrambled to stay upright; Sherlock wasted no time plowing forward with his fist once they were righted, but the man must have an iron jaw because the blow glanced of bone and he barely reacted. Sherlock started ranting in Russian, clearly taunting the accomplice into making a mistake, when he set his sights on John.
“You know,” Bill shrugged, "about you blowing something like a hundred blokes in the last two months.”
“You said it was safe to park there.”
“Yeah, mate, as long as you don’t wash it off, you’re good to come back until we close,” he answered.
Sherlock looks down and then away as he holds the door open for John. Regret immediately floods John as he takes in Sherlock’s kicked puppy look, how he’s stoically keeping his thoughts to himself. If Sherlock isn’t going to play the game, isn’t going to argue back, then John just ends up looking like the arsehole. Normally this would just provoke John into another wave of antagonism, but he finds the fight has completely gone out of him.
John grunted, clearly ready to march down to NSY and throw a tantrum. “I cannot believe - ”
“It’s up to you. I’m sure you’ve got better things to do than wait around for me to get x-rayed. I just thought it made sense, since I have to swing by your place again anyway for my stuff.”
His hand had finally grabbed hold of whatever it was, and when it gave in his grasp with a distinct crinkle and odour, they both stopped thrashing - John in shock, Sherlock in horror. He let John pull the offending object from his pocket. John looked down at the crushed box in his hand.
John wracked his brain, only coming up with a ginger, green-eyed boy with bright freckles across his nose, keeping all the chocolate eggs for himself until John agreed to smooch him proper. The rest, thankfully, was a blur.
“She was pre-law, rule abiding, punctual, and hard working. Then she gets in with the wrong crowd, starts skipping class, starts seeing someone new, someone from ‘the wrong side of the tracks’ as it were.”
John started to protest but Sherlock grabbed him by the back of his jacket and pulled him along.
“What a noble goal,” Mycroft noted, glancing antagonistically at Sherlock. “Do let me know what you decide. I’m sure I can expedite the entry process for you.”
John merely shrugged, as if this news wasn’t momentous. “I thought you knew.”
John was staring, shifting his gaze between Janine and Molly. "Ah... Secretary... Administrative Assistant, something like that," he answered vaguely. Another swig. And then another.
“But it's Italian silk," Sherlock whinged.
“Is that a yes for you then, John?” She asked when their eyes caught.
He lay back against the pillows, arms behind his head as he continued to grin. "I'm not the one with the problem."
He moved in earnest then and John choked off a shout when the head of his cock popped through.
. John started when Laila placed a hand to his knee and squeezed.
"John," Greg calls out when he turns to follow. "It's not wrong, the way you see him. It’s just, sometimes I can't fathom
He cleared his throat and looked down at his mug. “Yes, please. If you were going to cook anyway, that is.”
John pressed his lips together against a grin, forcing the smoke to stay put in his chest until he was ready to set it loose. When he did, he blew the cloud up to the ceiling before passing back to Sherlock.
Sherlock sat up at that, over shooting his mark and landing soundly against the opposite door.
John’s spine hurt from trying to remain upright, so he melted back against the cushion. “We’re not worried about ourselves, Sherlock. The point is
Sherlock took off at a sprint out the back of the tent, through the gauzy veils and underneath the heavy canvas, just barely remembering to grab his coat on the way out. He spared no thought for John as he made a break for the side entrance of the park, weaving in and out between trailers and vendors hawking sweets and boiled things. He was about to scale the side of the wooden fence along the outside of the park, when John slammed into it right next to him, and only then did it occur to him that John would follow. He grinned in excitement that John had not only followed but kept up. So he was right about the leg.
Sherlock just shakes his head, the essence of a child refusing to go to bed, petulant as always. He even gives a small, wet sniff. John thinks he might either melt or scream.
“He's supposed to eat with us," he pointed out as the wait staff started bring the plates.
“Are you all right?” He asked, rolling Sherlock fully on his back. “Did you hurt anything?”
look dashing in glasses. Do I want you to go blind? Of course not, but that’s not really an issue because your mobile is an adequate size and your brightness is all the way up.”
“My birthday was yesterday,” Sherlock pointed out with a curled lip.
His bedroom door was ajar, and since John felt honor bound to check on his pseudo-patient, he made his way down the hall.
“Yeah. Oh,” he dug in his jacket pocket with his right hand, “I nicked this for you.”
“Because I never cared to before. Until you. Yes, you are special, but don’t let it go to your head.”
John flung himself on top of Sherlock and rolled them across the bed. Sherlock was breathless in surprise as John laughingly snogged him quiet.
John flinched in surprise; not a little impressed. “How- Yes.”
Sherlock is making abortive thrusts of his hips against John’s and hard puffs of breath hit John directly in the ear. He bunches Sherlock’s shirt in his fists at his back and pulls him closer, if possible. Sherlock seems to be trying to pull John’s jumper off but they’re pressed together so tightly it’s a slow process; neither seem inclined to move far enough apart again to facilitate the maneuver.
“I should have said, I’m glad you followed.”
They walked on silently for another moment. “Seriously, if you’d like, just a quick lesson on throwing a punch. Might come in handy.” Instantly, a voice, one he refused to acknowledge sounded like his brother, internally chastised,
"I'm sorry, Dr. Watson, I just...I saw you and I wanted to say hi but if you're busy..." She shuffles nervously.
“John, come now, surely you know that if I-” His words cut off the instant John’s hand landed upon his thigh, snaking slowly inward.
, a voice drifted in, unbidden.
“Just
A sigh traveled down the line. “I vetted you so things like this wouldn’t happen, John.”
Sherlock would be damned if he’d give John the satisfaction of seeing the damage he’d caused.
It was the worst kind of dangerous for John to live with that hope.
"Do I get an apology from you, brat?" Greg addressed Sherlock with a smirk clearly seen from the mirror.
“You are good, John. I know that. You deserve a lot," she paused to take a deep breath and John braced himself for the worst, “a lot more than a man who won't admit how much you mean to him."
John touched base with Lestrade, promising he’d get the details from Sherlock and pass them along, before marching at a quick clip after his infuriating flatmate.  He’d steadfastly ignored the twinkle in Sally’s eye as she’d nodded along to John’s words to Greg. Sergeant Donovan always had been waiting for a domestic to blow up at a crime scene, and Sherlock had finally delivered. Perhaps if Sherlock hadn’t seemed so personally invested in John’s perceived hetero status, Sally wouldn’t be biting back an ‘I-told-you-so’ grin.
Sherlock nodded along with John’s explanation and gave a wave as if to say it was nothing.
Sherlock started, eyes flying open, to find said man waving a hand in front of his face.
“Huh,” John huffs, mildly impressed. “That’s a neat trick I suppose. Do you take requests? I’d like to delete sixth form.”
Sherlock hissed. "Easy!" He shifted away minutely again.
John frowns and reaches for it, the mini bottle he’d picked up at the last shop he’d stopped. “Dove for men,” he answers. “Why?”
"Oi, I asked if you wanted some and you said no," John complains.
“Here you go, dear,” he said and handed the bear over. She giggled and squeezed it to her chest, though the thing was easily three fourths her size. “You satisfied with that? Cause I don’t think we’ll fit another on the tube.”
“Uh, no. Just friends.”
He rolls to a stop, snatching his cane by rote as he exits the car. The gravel is tricky to navigate in his condition but mostly he ignores it as he wonders at the architecture of the building, the lack of a roof. It’s a nifty design, if a bit… exposed.
They hopped in the cab when one finally stopped and didn’t speak for a few tense minutes. John idly wondered if cabbies could sense the tension in their passengers.
“Idiot,” he spits, “I meant you weren’t smart enough to fake an American accent.” He shoves his arm against John’s chest once more. “Don’t bother lying about your involvement. You’ve showed up at nearly every place I’ve stopped since Vaughn. I’ve even changed routes and yet, there you are. You expect me to believe that’s a coincidence?” The man’s blatant disbelief is obvious, for good reason John has to agree. It did seem unlikely, but as he hasn’t been following the man consciously, if anything he’s thought the same of the man before him, there isn’t a lot he can do to prove himself.
John knows better.
Sherlock could trace the sound as she got up to pick the paper off the floor.
He opened his mouth to put an end to the snog session right then, but something in the way David’s tree trunk arm bunched as he massaged Mary's breast halted John’s intent in its tracks.
Sherlock snarls in anger over John’s obtuseness. “You cannot do this now. You’re getting married in three months. You made a promise to Mary. Are you
John follows him out the door, the laptop forgotten on the kitchen table.
“You were out late. Time get away, did it?” Sherlock muttered, flipping to a different page and scooping his pencil from under the sofa.
A thought occurred to Sherlock and he winced, muttering, “Shit,” under his breath.
John could tease him right back, but the throbbing insistence of his erection is speaking louder than any attempt at levity. Instead he darts down the bed and forcibly removes the offending boxer briefs. Sherlock hisses in surprise but doesn’t seem to truly mind John man-handling him. In all reality though, if he was upset, John might not have noticed. He’s fairly rooted to his spot in front of Sherlock’s cock, staring down with the attention he’d given the painted desert.
Sherlock chuckled darkly, licking at his teeth self-consciously. “Yes, good deduction.”
“No,” he breathed in answer. “Oh, that’s lovely.” His hands ran up under John’s shirt and he raked his nails up and down sensitive skin.
Sherlock makes a previously unheard noise when John takes him in hand, almost a noise of surprise. John smiles up at the man, though he’s not looking just then, busy arching up at the ceiling, just before he lowers his mouth down to taste for the first time.
“Christ, don’t remind me of that
“This,” Sherlock whispered and then pulled John forward until their lips crashed together. Sometimes, if he wasn’t careful, Sherlock’s full lips would completely over power his own. John couldn’t have that. He grabbed the front of Sherlock’s coat and took over the kiss, hungry still, since leaving the flat without satisfaction. But, really, would he ever be truly finished kissing Sherlock Holmes?
The walk to the tube was abysmal, just as cold and wet as it had been the hour before, but his mind was otherwise occupied with strengthening his mental strongholds, making sure every possible weakness was solidified against future attacks. Boxing lessons would need to be kept to regulation only. Lav time could under no circumstances overlap, not even to brush teeth. Any intimate activity must be kept separate, with the exception of eating or shared sitting room time. He’d already experienced Sherlock in his ridiculous silk dressing gowns, so that wouldn’t really be an issue. But what about catching Sherlock dressing? Or, god forbid he find evidence of actual masturbation happening! He already knew how he reacted to the mere idea of it, that morning’s misadventure had proven that, but what if he caught the odd moan from his room?
“Interesting. Blue on blue,” Sherlock mumbles, and John starts.
Sherlock simply stared back. John waited through several rapid fire blinks, Sherlock’s surprise apparent in the otherwise blank canvas. The man eventually licked his lips and muttered, “That doesn’t- No. How could- But you never…”
“Showing listings for ‘open pens,’” her professional voice intoned.
Sherlock didn’t seem to like that one bit. He crowded right up into her face and snarled something in Arabic. Laila’s answering smile was angelic. It seemed she’d gotten exactly what she’d wanted. John wished her future courtroom opponents all the luck in the world.
“You keep using that word. ‘Lure’. What makes you think I lured you here?”
Nothing could stop Sherlock from laughing at that, even John’s frown seemed to fuel its fire. Karma for his entertainment at Sherlock’s name, surely. He walked to his chair and fell into it, waving at John to follow and take a seat.
“Oh dear,” he drawled and tugged on his suit cuff gently, “you’re not going to make a scene, are you? I just had this dry cleaned.”
John’s puzzlement turned to a visible wince. Something plucked hard at Sherlock’s guts but he ignored it. No sense coming clean at this point in the game, was there?
experiments.”
someone even hints at you being anything other than my business partner or flatmate? It’s like working with a parrot. ‘I’m not his date’”, he squawked, dramatically John thought. “‘He’s not my boyfriend’, ‘We’re not together’. Christ, John, nobody
Gregson just shook his head. “I wanted to give you the benefit of the doubt, son, I really did. I understand you kids are going through a lot at this age.”
John hummed. “That explains why the men’s locker room was covered in tampons yesterday.”
The man’s skull made a particularly nasty sound against the window pane and the fight went out of him. That didn’t mean John was done shaking him though; he was now just mostly rolling his head around on his neck.
"I want to see your face," he pouted, effectively shutting John up for a beat.
get them drunk."
And wait he did. All day and well into the night.
John gave a sharp nod, hands behind his back. If he had to quantify, he’d say it was a seventy-thirty split with a leaning towards women but it wasn’t like that mattered.
." He spit the last so vehemently John had a split second to question if he really was a coward, before his rage wiped the need for introspection away.
“Away from…” John blinked at Sherlock’s chin, unable to meet his eyes, afraid of what he’d see. “But why did you- You seemed so happy to see him.”
subtle? He hadn’t meant to be; he’d been giving John a chance to get used to the idea, building familiarity before broaching the subject of a relationship. They wanted each other, he
And that's all she wrote folks. For all you curious cats, there's a SMALL chance I could do a follow up to this story, I've got the bare bones of an idea, BUT I make no promises. I've got seven unfinished stories rn as it is, and several more ideas floating, so don't expect anything anytime soon.
John's fists were balled, anger radiating out from every angle. He glanced back up at Sherlock from under his brow.
Sweat popped along John’s spine.
“Right, I’ll check on you later then.” He waited briefly for a response that didn’t come. He closed the door behind him; leaving John in blessed dark and semi-silence.
John soon found Sherlock’s forearm around his throat, as Sherlock pulled him out of his foetal position. The pressure increased; no matter how hard John pulled, Sherlock’s arm wouldn’t budge. A small part of John’s brain, the part he’d been avoiding lately, noted the definition in Sherlock’s arm as John scrambled for a purchase.
Laila gave him a look as she sat. “No, but if it doesn’t dinner’s on me.”
“I see that idea isn’t off the table,” the man remarks, watching as the fluid drips down the side of John’s stomach.
“You know,” Irene wiggled her fingers in the air vaguely, “
“No, I’m sure they do too, it’s just I wouldn’t think wool would be their biggest export. Why not move to the highlands if you’re going to raise sheep?”
Sherlock went on, pleased to have his attention. “I have a proposition for you.”
"Thank
“I take it that means you’re not seeing anyone then? Girlfriend, I mean.”
While he’s busy trying to get his giggles under control, Mitch jogs back with the handcuffs. It doesn’t look like there’s any way out of being cuffed, but the likelihood of being shot in the back of the head and dumped in a hole seems to have gone down, so John won’t argue. He hisses when the cold metal snaps across his wrist bone but Mitch ignores his complaint. Sherlock lets himself be cuffed with a quiet stoicism, a small quirk to his lips, like he knows something they don’t. John hopes it’s a way out of this situation, because John is stumped. They’re unarmed, likely about to be out numbered, and in the middle of no where.
, his mind screamed.
Well, he hoped John had drunk himself into a deep sleep and wouldn’t hear him cleaning up downstairs. He plucked a leftover egg roll from the box before dumping John’s noodles into the bin, knowing John didn’t reheat pasta. The glass tumbler was washed and put away, the scotch slid back into the cupboard next to the dust covered bottle of brandy Mrs. Hudson had brought up years before for some celebration or such. It wasn’t until he finished clearing off the table that Sherlock noticed his notebook lying on the floor at the foot of the sofa. He gingerly picked it up, only just curbing the instinct to fling it into the fireplace.
“Oh, yeah. Much.” John gulped away.
John snorted, amused apparently, but then wiggled further down the bed. A kiss was placed at the small of Sherlock’s back. He knew he had two small dimples there, they’d been pointed out to him before as particularly enticing, though he hadn’t the faintest why. He’d not given them a thought in many years, but just then John was making them feel like an obvious erroneous zone.
“Who did you think you were attempting to pummel?” He asked, fingertips to his cheek.
If anyone saw Sherlock smiling softly at his flatmate the game would be up. Sherlock knew John would regret falling asleep as he was, twisted and still wearing his jacket, but he was loath to wake him just yet. Let them share the same quiet space for just a while longer.
“Oh, so you really believe I’m a psychopath, then? Well, don’t let the door hit you in the arse on the way out!” Sherlock crossed his arms over his chest and flopped back against the chair.
“Also a bit rude, isn’t it? Calling someone a slag. Especially if they’re not here to defend themselves.”
“No, Sherlock,” John stated sternly. “One of us has to have some sense here. It would take a hell of a lot more prep to get you there than me and neither one of us would last that long anyway.” Sherlock opened his mouth to argue but John cut him off. “I thought you liked the idea I came up with.” Sherlock made a face, one that conveyed John’s attempt at manipulation had been noted. “How about this?” He sat up, shoved his pants down his legs, and then straddled Sherlock’s hips with ease. “While I’m getting ready, you can explore to your heart’s content. Sound like a plan? If it sounds like a plan, continue to stare wide-eyed at my erection without responding. Okay, good.”
“What?” John snaps back to the conversation.
"I would never," Sherlock swore solemnly with a burp.
John had a class today at eight, and despite only rolling into bed around four, he was already up for the day. Sherlock could hear him puttering around in the sitting room. He didn’t want to go out but his insatiable curiosity got the better of him, as always.
One of Sherlock’s hands came up and slapped at John’s shoulder. “For god’s sake, John, that was months ago! I barely knew you then!”
“Obviously.” The man reaches out to turn the air up, tilting the middle vent toward John.
The notebook lay forgotten by the doorway as his coat went around his shoulders like a cape and he fled the flat on foot, barring north. People practically leapt out of his way as he stormed up the pavement, probably do to the look on his face. His phone, which he hadn’t been aware was in his coat, buzzed away but was easily ignored. If John had something to say he should have said it before.
Never mind that in the seven months John had been living at Baker Street there hadn’t been any fish that he’d seen in any aquarium, living or dead. John shook his head with a laugh and advanced on the still baffled detective.
She looked ready to throttle him and he had no idea if it was still an act or not. “I never want to see you again, John,” she repeated with a not-so-subtle head tilt toward Sherlock.
He continued to wipe at the blood that pooled in Sherlock's lower back. The cut looked shallow but Sherlock's blood was so thin it continued to drip from the wound at a steady pace, staining his white shirt and now the blue sheet of their bed as he flung himself to and fro. He glared up at his...whatever the hell Sherlock was...though he couldn't see it, and thought the next time Sherlock jumped a fence and landed on a piece of broken glass he'd leave him to his fate. John wiped gently at the surrounding area of the laceration, the abhorrent mark on his pristine white flesh, and shook his head.
“We can’t be friends anymore.”
“Yes. Everyone loves you.”
Bernard groaned above him, and John warmed with pride, as he always did when this bit came.
He immediately shook his head. "God no. He did try to make a break for it but I nabbed him on the way out. I'm not letting him out of my sight until we see this through."
“No, I don’t-” John tried, he really did.
One of the footballers yelled, “How many was it then?”
“Why?”
“Sure,” John agreed, but any enthusiasm seemed to come from John’s want of immediate departure.
, John’s cock shouts. When a bit of rational returns to his brain, a bit, John stares up at the wall, the hideous painting beside the bed, and asks, “What?”
"We approach the id with analogies...a cauldron full of seething excitations...only striving to bring about the satisfaction of the the instinctual needs subject to the observance of the pleasure principle." Sigmund Freud
The detective crushed his curls down against his skull, embarrassed in the extreme. It was just possible that his blogger was correct.
As always, I find 15 things wrong after posting a chapter. I changed some of the wording in Part One.
Losing the battle, Sherlock released John atop the cushions. His flatmate bounced back up with an
You don't look different, but you have changed
Make it easy to be near you.
"Sherlock," John croaked from the claustrophobic confines of the en suite . "Please - I'm so sorry. Sherlock, I - shit.
running, nor were the taps on the sink. John had always been an abysmal liar, closed door or not. "Ehhh...how is this..." Lestrade cocked his head at the loo, "going? Is he handling things alright?"
Particles of dust floated downward in fine, dirty clumps. Dust clung to the sweat on his skin. Even John's throat was lined with the stuff - fuck, he could
Convulsively clutching Sherlock's biceps, John growled. He sounded wild, unhinged, slightly mad. "Are you ready now? Is it time for more than just fingers?" His own pelvis pumped in the air.
You know what really pisses me off? When I scroll through my work 500 times and don't see the typos until I have already posted. Arrrrgh!
"Bugger that!" Greg sputtered. "That's not why I chose to do it. John needed to know for
John snorted, amused. Snuffling into the lanky git's chest, John unwittingly giggled. "Deduce it, mate. I've been side-lined and it's pissing me off. Besides, you already can read my thoughts. Practically a bloody psychic, you." He poked a thick finger into the detective's chest, "Yeah, am I right?"
Lestrade rallied, getting back his wind. "Yes, well, considering that I have a bloody fractured nose, and not ten minutes ago you were off your rocker talking nonsense, eh...sorry about that, I mean speaking something not
John manoeuvred the kitchen using only one crutch, whilst the other hand braced on the counter. It was British instinct, really. Faced with a crisis? Run for the kitchen and turn on the kettle. He placed two mugs on the counter, both chipped; no use in using fine china at half three in the morning. Two bags of Twining’s Everyday tea, steeped for two minutes and twenty seconds. A dollop of milk in his, barely enough to alter the color. Cream and a wanton three heaping teaspoons of sugar in Sherlock’s.
"So?" Sherlock parroted.
Fucking
flagrant bodily efflux, unless the body in question was dead. "Uh...pardon?" John squeaked. He tried not to chew on his pillow.
this is the truth of it, now. I would never lie about this." As John spoke, he revisited every old wound. He kissed as he caressed, licking over rough, ropy skin. John paid particularly lavish attention to Sherlock's own work, honoring the marks carved by conscience. The detective let out a litany of soft, mewling moans, and unabashed, desperate groans. He'd never imagined that revealing his scars would be anything other than repugnant.
Okay, once again - idiot. I posted half-way through the chapter. I am continuing to write as I type, and the rest should be up shortly. I am such a dork.
"As long as we're on the same page about how far we take this," John stroked his friend's lips with his thumb, "I challenge you to use that brilliant brain of yours and
That airbrushed, ivory silicone-suffocating
"Love and work... work and love, that's all there is." - Sigmund Freud
Tiredly, John sighed, dropping both crutches with a clank. Rubbing his face to avoid making eye contact, John groaned. Eventually pinching the bridge of his nose, John mumbled assent. Sherlock nodded. John's fallback position when at the end of his rope was fingers to nose and acceptance of help.
here, aren't I? Just where do you think I would go?" His blue eyes shot sparks. "I am
"What?" John squawked. "I'm not ill - even if I was sick in the loo. I lost it  because I - wait, are
Sherlock's eyes darkened with something undefinable. "As in, how I regard you as a man, John. As in, my highest personal regard - for you."
sexy as all hell.
" 'Kay. Good. That's good, Sherlock, very good." Greg grunted, and then shook himself like a wet dog. "Wait. What I mean is, it's very brave of you to have told him about it." He slapped both hands hard on the steering wheel. "This... Jesus fuck, Sherlock, this information isn't something that we would gossip about like it's cricket!" Lestrade was so very, very tired; so mentally drained that it actually hurt to think. "I'm your
John hadn't been kidding when he'd said that Sherlock couldn't help. He
"You fucking
cases
John, competent physician
quantity of whisky, or bourbon, or scotch. I'm not really picky at this point. Also, if they have one," he cleared his throat miserably, "a small plastic stool."
At some point, the men fell asleep. They slept until mid-afternoon, neither making so much as a twitch. It was John's 40-something bladder that roused him, an irritatingly persistent alarm clock. How John hated it, being slave to the vagaries of middle age. He had no desire to grow old before recouping the last three of his life. He sat up and stretched out for his crutches.
hand path - no, your
" John yelped in incredulity. He gawked at Greg. "What the
They cuddled. Sherlock actually cuddled, and snuggled, and nuzzled John Watson. This outpouring of love was hypnotic. Sherlock's soft touch eased John's sated body until he slipped into a state of euphoria. Curled within strong arms, John lay in repose; so still he hardly seemed to be breathing. Bewitched by Sherlock's show of emotion, John just let everything go.
"John," Sherlock choked. "I never saw. How was it that I never saw...deduced...or was
Greg was busy, doing that thing he did whilst mulling over the facts of a case. He'd perched on the edge of the sofa, arms folded and chewing on his lip. John ticked off tells in relief. Lestrade's face had gone lax and inscrutable. One, two.
"Jesus, Sherlock, you're so good, please don't stop..."
Positions #2 and #4, for your reading pleasure. Google it, dear readers, why don't you. I certainly did.
Abashed and afraid, Sherlock shuddered - but slid closer. He wiggled cautiously, freezing when he met John's furnace-hot length. The scent of John's sweat was so soothing, Sherlock didn't even think twice. He brushed cat-like against his lover; anointing his face with the moisture. John's scent, the smell of salvation - balm for the roiling of his gut. It turned out that John's queasy stomach was contagious.
Despite the power behind the name, Sherlock remained immersed in the throe of adrenaline. He registered the breakneck speed of his heart rate - 130 bpm. Twenty-seven respirations per minute. Calculating his blood oxygen level was impossible without the proper equipment; nevertheless, Sherlock gauged it to be abnormally based on the sensation of light-headed nausea. Lestrade's consultant chewed over the evidence, and came to the most probable conclusion. This high-functioning, self-proclaimed sociopath had lost control, and succumbed to the... Christ. He'd wigged out. He'd done his nut, to quote John, and with
John, and we haven't ever addressed what you had to cope with after being forced to witness my suicide!"
"Sherlock! What? What?
Sherlock keened, lower lip trapped  between tightly clenched teeth. "That's. Yes, that's good, that's...good.
Sherlock felt like crawling in past the plasma screen, straight into the heat of John's anus. "Ahhgh," he crooned, "such a dirty cockslut, John. Who would have thought? Just imagine how people would talk if they knew what you
"Jaawwwn..." Sherlock's peevish complaint came out muffled, his head burrowed beneath 1800 thread count Egyptian cotton sheets. "Stop bouncing about on the...honestly, John! You're going to fall, which will only serve to annoy me." The detective paused to smother a yawn. "I've absolutely no intention of hauling you back to A&E. First of all, I'd have to get dressed. Secondly, stop trying to leave me. In fact, come back here at once. I am nowhere
Greg gathered his thoughts.
"What?"
believe that this discussion takes precedence, or at least must happen before talking about anything else."
John quickly did his business, shaking off the last yellowish drop with typical military efficiency. He lingered, though, imagining the coming struggle involved simply standing up to hitch up his denims. His much-maligned, favorite pair of denims, that was.
Grinning wickedly, John guided Sherlock's body up until he'd fashioned a bridge of those powerful legs. Per instruction, Sherlock perched over John's chest, light-headed with lust.
Sherlock lifted his head. "John...yes. Alright," he snuffled, "you are right. But - ".
" He sighed, defeated. "I had no choice. And I ended up hurting you, anyway."
Sherlock. Come, sit down," John croaked, and reached out to grasp at his pale, lanky hand. Sherlock leaned his tall body over the corner of the table, stretching to clutch at John's hand. He placed a wet, gentle kiss on John's head, then straightened up to toe a chair out and sit down. Sherlock didn't relinquish John's hand. They sat, staring at each other. What a strange twenty-four hours this had been.
"Tell you what," John temporized, gritting his teeth (subtly, he hoped). "Bring me two Oxycodone and an ice pack. What I need now is to elevate my ankle and sleep." Shooting what he hoped was a wry smile at his friend, John sealed the deal with "You've already done your bit with the ankle. But, I can't sleep with you boring a hole in the back of my neck. Just go. I'll be fine."
He let it go, and Greg's voice grew irrelevant. Horrified but intrigued, the genius's laser-sharp eyes had refocused, fixed on a pair of callused musician's fingers. They intermittently trembled in his lap. The out-of-control digits were someone else's. His hands never shook unless so ordered, mainly whilst dissembling in front of a suspect.
ordinary, ugly-jumper John for this most momentous occasion. This brilliant, beautiful man was ceding his virginity to
(See the end of the chapter for
Also, apologies for the overuse of italics, ellipses, and hyphens.
Sherlock and his clever conductor defrocked the very second they crossed the threshold - no mean feat for a man balanced on one leg and two beastly, two-timing crutches. The cool air felt delicious on John's skin. Once he'd wrestled out of his heavy woolen jumper, he heaved a soft sigh of relief. It was satisfying to undress independently without causing a single minor mishap.
"Right," Lestrade squared his shoulders, instantly the man of the Met. "John didn't take your suicide terribly well, Sherlock. I mean to say, he - your death destroyed him. He thought it was his fault, his responsibility. He didn't understand, shit, none of us could. This wasn't like you."
"The only unnatural sexual behavior is none at all." - Sigmund Freud
The genius huffed in embarrassed annoyance, reading John's concerns in his expression. "Oh, of course not, John, think! You're a doctor. You've barely penetrated the entrance of my anal canal. As well, based on the paltry measure of your second phalanges' distal phalanx, it's inconceivable that you'd inflict tissue damage."
John's head wobbled, eyes glassy and unfocused as he contemplated his flatmate. Sherlock's head tilted back whilst seeking that last pungent, brown drop. The detective's lower face was concealed by the glass, bent into strange angles by the bevels. "Mmmm....I gonna upswallow if I eat any more." The doctor scrubbed his nose thoughtfully. "Sherlock...you know I don't blame you."
The pint-sized logician deduced two salient facts immediately after the incident - "immediately" as in whilst still smothered by his brother's sweaty grasp. These two salient facts were as follows: one, Mycroft's injury was completely Sherlock's own stupid fault; and two, he'd give almost anything to be the one who'd come home  mummy-wrapped in plaster - Sherlock drew a firm line at his microscope.
A drop of clear liquid beaded at the tip, before smearing on the shirt near a button.
(See the end of the chapter for
The lanky man nodded, nonplussed.
Precisely 42 minutes and 32 seconds - give or take .03 of a millisecond later - Sherlock was distracted, because John was waxing poetic. "How do I love thee, Sherlock? Let me count the ways. I love thee to the depth and breadth and height my prick can reach. When feeling..."
lips?" John snorted softly, blue-black eyes crinkling in wry amusement. The doctor paused, opening his mouth as if to speak. Changing his mind, he busied himself arranging himself atop Sherlock. "That's rich, coming from you. Yours are the ones people gag for. Michelangelo couldn't have sculpted any as sweet, and...Oh, jeezuz, speaking of sweet," John moaned, his glans grazing along Sherlock's wiry-haired balls.
(See the end of the chapter for
If possible, things grew even more heated. John, who was already naked as a jaybird, and Sherlock; both of them hard and gasping for more. John, so gentle and tentative - stroking thighs, hips and and buttocks whilst appraising Sherlock's demeanor. John believed that for most people, their first sexual experience ended up awkward - and often disappointing, as far as orgasms went. Lord knows, he'd had many a lover who'd shared their personal stories (TMI, anyone?) Sherlock deserved something extraordinary.
An endless hour later, splinters binned and Sherlock utterly exhausted from his bout of excessive whingeing, the consulting detective slid off his bed to his feet, back to John. He wrapped a towel around his waist, in deference to John's conservative sensibility.
John caught a series of furtive shuffling and soft thumps to his right from the bedroom. Sherlock was moving around.
Sherlock had no inkling of when he'd last cried. Well...that wasn't entirely true, it was just that he'd rather have forgotten. Unsurprising, really...he'd been on top of a building, entangled in the web of a dead master criminal.
let me through. Let me through..." John sobbed, curling into himself.
Right now,
Pulling up on one crutch, John precariously pulled up his pants. Through dint of will, and judiciously squatting so his thighs held his jeans, John jimmied them up over his hips. He fastened them awkwardly whilst tottering on one leg. It took far more time than he was comfortable with to button his flies.
John ached to repeat the magic.
Love you when we're apart.
John gets restless. Feeling highly culpable, yet keen to carry on consulting, Sherlock buys his blogger two new toys. The cutting-edge device is impressive. It's sleek, sheathed in silicone, and vibrates on three different settings. John prefers having his options open.
Sherlock stepped into the kitchen. John peered up to see red, swollen eyes burned into his face. Instantaneously, the little man's ire dissipated, emotions mutating into horrified panic.
Christ, man, however did you achieve your position? Did money pass hands, or are your superiors so incompetent that they believed you sufficient for the job?"
John laughed, and then winced, pulling the dildo from his arse. "I'm so pumped full of endorphins I can't tell. At any rate, I don't give a toss. That was brilliant."
A pleased smile spread across the little man's face. "Excellent! You've been neglecting your body for years," he chided, more tender than not. "Might my influence also make a dent in your flagrant abuse of nicotine patches?"
to do with you. John," he lamented, mouth suddenly snapping shut and locked tight. If possible, Sherlock's face reflected even more misery. He let fly with a loud, gusty sigh.
Sherlock had suffered so much. Sherlock had suffered alone. Who was
Rolling his head in frustration, John caught something strange at the edge of his peripheral vision. Twisting his head clumsily, the little man honed in for a better look-see. A long, spotty line of some black, unsavory material ran between the legs of the tub.
"Sherlock?" The doctor moaned. "Can we hold off on talking for a second?"
The language itself sounded familiar, similar to Russian, so maybe Polish? No, not quite it. But, ah...Greg had it now. Sherlock was speaking in Croatian, or possibly Bosnian; definitely a Slavic tongue. He should know, after all. The family upstairs generally kept to English, saving Croatian for their ear-piercing rows. Yet, despite Greg begrudging exposure, this was best an educated guess. It went without saying, although he'd surely said it at one time or another...foreign languages weren’t his division.
"And we're not
The doctor choked on his spit. "Er...now?"
I can tell you that from my own crap experience as a spouse, keeping secrets is a very bad idea."
Just for kicks, let's review archetypal notions concerning those of you who reside across the pond (lucky bastards). Firstly, there's the British "stiff upper lip". And, on the heels of this is stereotype follows emotional reserve, rampant drinking, pathological politeness, and standing in queues (not significant here...but I wanted to give a thumb's up to people who know how to wait their turn).
"Use the sheets. They're going to be wet when we finish up, anyway. If we're lucky, that is," the doctor tittered somewhat hysterically.
Lestrade heard the sharp clink of glass hitting glass immediately followed by the sound of liquid sloshing out a bottle. "No you're not," he growled. "I was there today, remember? You are definitely anything but fine." Silence followed from the kitchen, the exception being the slamming of cabinet doors.
"I credit your inclination in desiring to foster a cathartic  conversation between myself and my...John," the genius temporized, his words greatly at odds with his bearing. "However, he is not obfuscating the truth. There's nothing that John can say, because there's
Perhaps, not. Now! Lift up your arse. No, keep your legs right where they are." Several squashed pillows and a pinch of soft cheek later, Sherlock lubed up, lined up, and deliriously punched past John's sweetly slicked furl.
Sherlock moaned whilst exposing more neck. "Oh, John. Now, you can shut up. Just keep...oh god, doing what you are doing. Oh, my god..."  A hot, red flush crept up from his chest and tinged at the tips of his ears.
"Serves you right, you big twat - taking my whisky like that," John said breathlessly. "If I was my father that crutch wouldn't be the only thing thrown to the floor tonight!" He rubbed the tears from his eyes. "Ahhh... Christ, I needed that. And speaking of pants, I'll piss mine as well if I don't get on in. Can you - ." John paused as Sherlock leaned close to hand him back his crutch. "Thanks, mate. So, let's say I join you by the fire in a few minutes, yeah?"
wrapped his body in rubber rather than admit to the truth. Sherlock must be plagued by flashbacks every time he looked at his body.
in a terrible position! She nearly lost her head watching John suffer knowing that she'd had a hand in it."
**********
Sherlock
Sex, actually. No angst. That's what the next chapter is for.
"Yeah?" John sneered, slightly affronted. "I know that I'm not of much use at the best of times, but I would think - ."
Sherlock stumbled upon a principal element of sentiment. It's infinitely more wretched to be the cause of a hurt than to be the one injured yourself.
"But, you didn't forget," the doctor interjected.
and threw people off of bridges! Does that sound like sacrifice to you?" Sherlock keened.
Sherlock spoke of killing, and hurting, and hunting down the enemy. With every horrid, harmful act he committed for the safety of others, a piece of his soul deteriorated. By the end of the first year, for every man or woman he killed he made one cut on the skin of his chest or stomach. One laceration per life. Sherlock's chest was zigzagged with scars. By the middle of the second year, cutting no longer mitigated his misery. Sherlock used. Not very often... he needed to keep his wits if he wanted to succeed in the mission. But, in a few of the safehouses that he'd set up, Sherlock shot up until he no longer felt the blood on his hands. It always came back, no matter how much soap that he used. His hands were stained with the blood of his enemy.
bleeding like a sonofabitch. “Fuck. Fuck!
"You aren't going to hell, John! For Christ's sa - . For Jesus...Mother of...oh bollocks. Just get in here and snog me, already!"
Having said that, John and Sherlock will be back to shagging like demented rabbits over all of London Proper within, oh I don't know, two or three more chapters.
Sherlock's quicksilver eyes flickered, rolling up to burn holes in Lestrade. The DI felt naked under such scrutiny, and wanted to shrink down into his clothing. Now Sherlock paused, his eyelids fluttering as they did when he was confused. Greg half-wondered if was he would whip out his magnifying glass for more detail.
Three heavy glass bottles of brown liquid clunked down on the table. Peering at the labels, John realized that all three bottles contained top shelf liquor. This wasn't your average plonk from the corner market. "Eh, Sherlock, where did you buy those?" The doctor said, pointing at the booze.
of his vile, wretched carcass. The flaying of that artificial...thing...and thereafter keeping it off, was the final key to his freedom.
"John, I don't know if I...have the courage to do what you're asking. My body is... not what it was," Sherlock said with a hiccup. "You might - want to change your mind once you see."
John made a face, shooting burning, dark blue daggers at the genius.
His flatmate was clearly in agony. John staggered through the door, exhausted after the gauntlet of seventeen steps. For all intents and purposes, Sherlock carried him into the sitting room. He'd placed his blogger on the couch as delicately as if handling spun glass. Nevertheless, John let loose a colorful array of swear words during his drop to the couch.
two, if anyone has ever felt even the slightest bit of offense at my psued, please read my bio. It explains.
"Lestrade," Sherlock whimpered, visibly listing to his right. They peered at each other under the flesh-and-blood bridge of their arms. "There is an eminent chance I will pass out, perchance within the next thirty seconds...plus or minus six point two-five." The man's left knee bobbled willfully, advertising its desire to collapse.
John cracked up, giggling at the pretentiousness of this arse. "Well," he gasped, "This just goes to show that you're not as brilliant at reading me as you think! Sherlock, you pompous prick, *
It was like...straining the dunes of the vast Gobi desert. Inferior people (himself included) only saw sand, dust, and grit. Sherlock, however, unearthed vast hordes of treasure; parsing each minute grain to seek a shattered Ming vase. And, it didn't stop there. The detective gathered each sliver, and repaired it to its original beauty.
...not even any bogey-nosed children to examine and mothers to soothe. Only a brace, and a pillow, and bad daytime telly. Fucking hell.
There are times in our lives when words aren't enough.
"Correct," the genius smirked. "And as I, in turn, am rather sensitive on the matter of certain subjects. I might - get a bit overwhelmed," Sherlock rolled his eyes, "As I've so recently demonstrated. But, John." Leaning inwards until nose met with nose, Sherlock whispered, "It will never be your fault. It is what it is. All of this...he gestured to himself, "is what Moriarty left behind."
www.youtube.com/watch?v=_uw_CFqx664 (how a cast silicone special effect is removed)
"Bloody hell," Sherlock groaned. Useless. For once in his life, Sherlock agreed with his brother (not that he'd EVER admit it, not even whilst lying on his deathbed). Sentiment, these
The little man flashed a squinty-eyed scowl at the bottle and then down at his hands. He was clearly measuring the distance between the two objects. "Listen, Sherlock - " he began heatedly, feathers ruffled with indignation.
"We are what we are because we have been what we have been, and what is needed for solving the problems of human life and motives is not moral estimates but more knowledge"                          - Sigmund Freud*
A belly laugh erupted from John, a hard, honest laugh. It felt so good to be free. The doctor giggled until his bladder reminded him that he was no longer a twenty-year-old man. "Shut up, you nitwit! Mrs. Hudson will think you're on drugs and call Mycroft!"
Sherlock stepped back as if slapped. "You told me to go and stop hovering!" He shot daggers from his eyes at Anthea, who nodded serenely and maneuvered around John's crutches on her return to the car.
Damn those two! This was his case, and therefore his self-appointed duty to keep the pair safe. He despised the idiotic risks John and Sherlock took. Lestrade worked under juristiction of the NSY. Those morons worked for the thrill. As long as the gits followed the law (mostly), Lestrade had no say for their actions. Nevertheless, when one or both suffered injury...oh, the guilt.
"Will you please your take your shirt off again?"
This was terrifying, seeing Sherlock not be Sherlock. Lestrade had to end this before Sherlock seriously hurt himself. The DI darted forward, chasing after Sherlock's forearms until he had a firm grasp on both wrists. Sherlock howled and resisted, Lestrade's touch overwhelming his senses. The scene was more that strange, the park around them held in stasis throughout their increasingly halfhearted wrestling match. Fortunately, the struggle didn't last long; both men too emotionally overwrought to keep it up. Sherlock gave in, body plainly exhausted. Again, the men stopped and stared at each other; wide-eyed and frozen in position. This time, it was the genius who shattered the silence.
You're gonna carry that weight along time"
"Now," John stuttered, stymied by the enormity of the task. "Sherlock." Gathering his few remaining brain cells residing in his skull, the doctor gave them a pep talk. He was resolved, and therefore primed to forge ahead with the - plan? Or...something. Plan? Venture? Mission? Extremely personal mandate? No, those terms were far too flippant or trivial for John's purpose. The
Just an FYI: the last chapter had some inconsistencies...that's what I get for posting before proof-reading. Anyway, I fixed them.
In lieu of resuming his wank, John huddled on the toilet in a state of profound misery. The flat existed as a perfect vacuum, void of energy and sound; and it was completely his fault.  He'd sent Sherlock scuttling out of the flat for no other reason than pride. The ex-soldier's sense of comportment had shriveled to nil the second he'd sprawled on his arse...in the muck...in the dark...in a hole. Ridiculous.
"Sherlock," Greg spoke gently, "Can we sit down, please, and work this out?" Their eyes stuck together as if magnetized. They'd managed to work past a myriad of issues, but nothing held a candle to
The doctor blanched, despite his best effort.
(See the end of the chapter for
Summary:
*************
John's giggles raised in pitch whilst observing this delicious man flounder. "Ahhh...love. Come here. Come lay down right here," he patted the mattress, "and we can find out together what you like, hmmm? What makes your eyes roll back in your head, makes you whimper? Oh, love," John crooned. "I want to make you feel so good, baby, like you just did for me. You were lovely." John hummed with satisfaction as Sherlock, flummoxed, crawled down to snuggle beside him. He gazed at John with large, wondering eyes but said nothing. They lay quiet, absorbing facts.
He was the epitome of every love-struck arse on the planet. He, sacrificing everything for love. And yet,
Standing up for a piss wasn't happening; not unless he didn't mind tipping back on his arse. No. He'd be reduced to taking a piss sitting down, just like a two-year-old child.
an oily voice nattered in Greg's mind.
John's visage softened. He reset his hands to grasp more snuggly. "Ah. Well, isn't that just a stinking load of codswallop. It's okay. Anyway, I was more worried about you than upset. Really, it's only sense. I'm sorry too, we've had a difficult day," he snorted, "to say the least. I should have given you time, and been patient. Christ, there's
Whatever is there, hidden under your shirt, that doesn't matter to me." John sucked in air, suddenly panicked. "No, no, that came out wrong. That's not what I meant."
********
Whatever form Real John's delusions took, whatever they'd made Real John to do...Real John's delusions kept him alive.
This, what the DI heard, wasn't just gibberish.
Sherlock shook his head, looking bemused.
Sherlock's lips parted and locked into place. The doctor sensed his sudden unease. Panting hard, John drew back and regarded him. "Sherlock, is this too much? Did I take it too far?" His blue eyes scanned Sherlock for clues.
He toppled, boneless as a rag doll on his side. A second influx of agony had robbed John of the functional use of his vocal cords, his body now in revolt. John screamed in mute fury, more at his own idiocy than the pain. He'd committed one mistake after the next after the next...
The rest of the evening was quite uneventful. Both men were very relieved.
And, despite their parents's hasty intervention (and subsequent trip to A&E), Sherlock wouldn't forgive him. He wouldst not treat Mycroft's action as anything else other than an unnecessary-and-unasked-for disruption. Sherlock turned a blind eye towards Mycroft's bulky plaster cast, and never once acknowledged his pain. Barely two years out of nappies, and already he'd learned to dissemble.
"Civilization began the first time an angry person cast a word instead of a rock." - Sigmund Freud
..yes, he'd always known his name. Sherlock's blatant disregard in "remembering" it had everything to do with shame, and fundamentally nothing to do with how he regarded the man himself.
"In the morning, you can wax poetic, I promise. I will listen to anything you say," John whimpered. "But right now, I want to hold you and... hurry up. Can you do that?"
Also, I accidentally posted this before this was ready so I cut the chapter in half and and am working on the part that still needed editing.
And then as if on cue, Sherlock bursting into the flat with scarf trailing behind, pausing only to bellow, "John! We have a case!" His flatmate would freeze then, examining John with those pale, piercing eyes. Sherlock, eyeing him as if John was a rare, toxic mould specimen primed for his latest experiment.
"What is it? Sherlock? Hey, it's okay," John soothed. Pushing down his anxiety, he whispered beseechingly, "Please tell me. Sherlock...talk to me. I'll give you anything you ask, whatever it is you need."
I'm looking through you, you're not the same.
"I am. I'm in a storage closet used for cleaning supplies. I don't think they've ever been put to use. True, it
John Watson, reduced to a sponge bath. If needs must. However. How the hell was he to manage a bowl full of water, a sponge, a towel, some soap, aluminium crutches, and actually gimp around the flat? In addition, where in God's name would he go? Where was there space to wash up? His room was a no-go. The kitchen?
Sherlock was capable of cooking toast and a semi-edible fry up. To John's short-lived delight, then devolving into a fit of passing pique, his flatmate brewed a perfectly presentable cup of tea
John grunted. Take care. That's all he would be able to do for the next few conceivable months. No dark alley chases, no heart-rending cases to solve with seconds to spare, no criminals to hunt, no surreptitiously conspiratorial smirks behind Anderson as he faffed up collecting key evidence
Greg rapped on the glass. Sherlock's head popped up, focusing on the DI. His head flopped once more to his chest before he heaved his long body upward to stand. The Belstaff swirling about his legs, Sherlock thrust through the door and up to Lestrade.
"Yes, well. We've all been there, mate. It's alright." Lestrade fidgeted uncomfortably, the leather cushions squeaking in protest. "John, what happened today was...not because of the case. This," he clarified, pointing to his nose. "Uh, shit. I'm just going to lay it out. Sherlock told me that he's filled you in on the events during his time away. Was he telling me the truth?"
- "Maxwell's Silver Hammer", The Beatles
All your life
"Right," the DI snorted, instantly regretting it as a fresh wave of pain inundated his face. "I'll keep mum. In fact, I'm surprised that he's not dragged home an entire surgical unit, considering the ridiculous risks you both take."
Not like
John snorted.
"It's fairly obvious what was happening, John. You don't generally incite hostilities with the draperies, distasteful though they may be. Although, your history of rows with Tesco's chip and pin machines is somewhat..."
"Really? You've never said," John smirked.
He only had one foot for leverage, and frankly the insult to injury on his solar plexus made the entire operation too painful. Besides, the jostling had awakened his bladder.
The doctor smiled, love shining in his eyes. "Har bloody har, you wanker. I'm glad that I held out. Otherwise, I would have missed the best part." John gestured to Sherlock's image. "Watching you watching me watching you. That was seriously hot." Pausing with a frown, John changed gears. "When are you able to come home? I miss hearing your snark."
Sherlock nodded glumly, marching forward. The detective dropped boneless as a rag doll to his bum, loose black Belstaff trailing like a shadow. Lestrade frowned. He brushed aside his craving for nicotine, and turned to examine his friend.
his work.
John's eyes blazed white around the dark.
The detective cautiously pulled in his elbows and tipped of the couch in one go. "John," Sherlock whispered, "John, I can't...I'm so very so - ."
one, sorry again for the slow rate of updates.
In spite of the chaotic traffic, Greg peered at Sherlock, nonplussed. "Christ, things
When Sherlock was just twelve days shy of his fourth birthday, Mycroft had broken his arm.
"Why?" Sherlock protested, his face ghastly pale. "Why
And now, here with John. Sherlock felt vastly more wretched than his inner logic had ever deemed possible. Vastly - yes, very much more
"But, you
"Tolerable - just annoying," Sherlock smiled wryly. "I'm not sure I will be able to sleep anymore, though."
investigating abductions; particularly when the victim was a juvenile. Especially when combined with a sex crime - oh,
"Sherlock, come here," the little man gestured, palms up and out. "Please. I promise, it's all going to turn out okay." In the shadows, the bags under his eyes became pronounced. John tried to mask his exhaustion, but hell. Who did he think he was fooling? "Come on, baby. Please come here," he entreated, wiggling his fingers enticingly.
"John. Stop," Sherlock demanded, incensed.
Now this. This triggered a response.  John made a valiant effort to focus on Sherlock without meeting much success. He settled for gazing up at the ceiling, and instead marshalled his willpower to gain full consciousness. "Uuungh."
Sherlock smirked. John's bottom. Bugger, John's bottom. Despite the camera's distance from his blogger, he could see the rosy pink of John's anus.
"A very long time ago! What, were you fourteen when you lost your virginity, you obvious horndog?"
The brownish pink hue of his nipples, tightening to form rock-hard nubs. His finely fuzzed, sharply chiseled chest. The clenched muscles of his stomach when he breathes.
Again, John shook his head. "I'm not going to ice it in here." He sighed and worked his way to the bed, settling down with obvious relief.
"We are made of flesh, but we must act as if we were of iron." - Sigmund Freud
In direct opposition to his words, Sherlock tucked his head into the meat of his shoulder; hiding his face like a child. The detective's thin arms folded around his torso, posed much like an upside-down pretzel. His massive hands clung each opposite shoulder in a definitive, warding-off gesture.
*John startles Sherlock with this truth, that he is quite worthy of love; why was there ever a doubt? (Go damn you, Mycroft and your bollocks about "sentiment". Fucking ignorant git!) P.S. That was John's humble opinion, not Sigmund's. Sigmund would place Sherlock's doubts square on Mummy's clever shoulders. Freud was a wanker on the subject of women.
John complied, alternating quick licks to the glans with soft sucks. He could tell Sherlock was close by the tightness of his balls. He had to make a decision. Swallow or not? John wasn't sure he could do it. Yes, he'd sampled his own semen sharing kisses with women, but...this was different. He didn't know.
(See the end of the chapter for
Consensual canoodling to follow.
He hated
... things that you told me, yeah?"
― Sigmund Freud, Dream Psychology: Psychoanalysis for Beginners
"I'm not gay."
Sherlock inadvertently gives John a hand (elbow).
A one-sided grin lit up his face. His flatmate sounded just like -
"In the important decisions of personal life, we should be governed, I think, by the deep inner needs of our nature.”
John picked up his phone and then tossed it to the coffee table in disgust. No new texts, no new calls. Apparently, the sympathy portion of his dilemma had run its course. Now, he faced the mind-numbing notion of being superfluous. He decided to numb himself a little more with the purloined spirits. It really was very good stuff.
plan involved several logical steps. One: chastising John for failing to keep up. Two: basking in the warmth of John's typical wonder and praise. Three: picking up takeaway from the little Indian restaurant he'd smelled up the block, and scarfing down all of the curry before exiting the taxi. Four: he himself, wrapping up a highly satisfactory evening by completing an ongoing experiment. This involved measuring the rates of dissolution of human toes in 15 different acids. It was a fine plan, and he was sticking to it.
you. That I want you to be more than my friend. I," he shivered, lips quivering, "I find myself quite besotted, John - it's ludicrous. I can't get you out of my thoughts. I want you. I want to kiss you. I want to touch my hands to your bare skin. I want to hold you in my arms as we lie in my bed, and make love with you." Sherlock drew John's hand up for another kiss, this time daring to give a wee lick with his tongue. "I want to do this again, and again, and again."
How terribly dull), drug use aside. Sherlock flits about, having tantrums and conniption fits and bouts of hysteria. So, a definitive "no" regarding emotional reserve. He makes for a shit sociopath, high-functioning or otherwise.
The cab of the car filled with sour silence, each man left to stew in his thoughts. "Fine," Greg eventually conceded, clearing his throat. "Right. So, here it is. Three young boys, two six and one eight, notably small for his age. Same situation in Manchester, boys between six and eight years old, and all of them smallish in size." Sherlock sat, toying with his passenger-side window. He applied his long index finger in pushing the window lever forward, watching in a sulky gloom as the window sunk down flush into its pocket. A sudden rush of wind filled the cab, buffeting his face whilst snatching at loose tendrils of his hair.
type of virgin." Cocking an eyebrow with (mostly) mock grandeur, the detective winked. "With my superior intellect and your vast experience... well. Shall I just say that our endeavour will be smashing?"
And, there was a very strange light within his eyes.
- The Beatles, "Happiness is a Warm Gun"
“Sherlock?” Greg placed a soft hand on his shoulder.
Bloody hell. He was trapped.
---------
John gave in, gnawing on the soft cotton pillowcase. Halitosis? Screw halitosis. "
In 221A, Mrs. Hudson sedately sipped at her cuppa. She smirked mischievously, satisfied as the cat who'd got the cream.
that you collected your fifty quid. From Dimmock, am I right?" The doctor shook his finger at his friend. "Don't think for one second that I didn't know about that. And whilst I can't speak for Sherlock," he said, purposefully avoiding Lestrade's gaze, "I've found our relationship very affirming. We're in a good place, and I..." his voice trickled off at the sight of storm clouds brewing in Sherlock's eyes. They blazed translucent green; clear as sea glass, and infinitely more brittle. Lightning crackled in his pupils, and sizzled in the curls of his hair.
...all about?"
wake up. Please. John, I am here."
Alas, no. John sensed Sherlock's opening salvo and put up a hand in defence. "Sherlock, no. I'd rather not get into deep conversation until my stomach has a chance to recover."
"Homosexuality is assuredly no advantage, but it is nothing to be ashamed of, no vice, no degradation, it cannot be classified as an illness." - Sigmund Freud
John Watson. Likely going mental in their flat.
Sherlock cocked his head, interest piqued.
"Nichevo strashnava."
It was time to stop dithering and
The doctor mewled. He mopped his face into the mattress. A steady pattern of whimpers flew from his throat, one lusty squeak for every loud pounding thrust. "
Yet at this precise moment, the detective honoured the Ancient Egyptians with a mental pat on the back. Yes, their headrests were carved of hardwood or stone. Not very practical, that. Not very fitting for a king. However, as being the very first attempt at innovation, Sherlock forgave them, and overlooked the flaw in their logic. John's arse. John's arse. John's arse was spectacular, plump and juicy. If he could, he'd push his head into the phone, and take a bite.
"Excuse me. I have to visit the loo," John whispered after Greg's voice had finally petered out. "My stomach's been off from all of the medicine, see. It strikes at the most inconvenient times," the little man fretted miserably.
The second that Sherlock's shoes touched the ground, he butted against Greg in a last-ditch attempt to get free. Lestrade's arms persevered, but after fifty-two years of hard work, his knees had no choice but to collapse. The men fell back together, one eight-limbed entity on the bench. Sherlock had the easier of it, smashing back into the DI's solar plexus. Once Greg's arse hit the bench his arms split apart like a Christmas cracker, Sherlock rolling off his lap in relief. The genius settled, resuming his previously hunched position as if the last five minutes had never happened. Lestrade wheezed, grimacing to breathe through the pain. If Sherlock bolted again, Lestrade would bid him bon voyage.
Listen, Sherlock. Right. My love, if this is too much - Look. You don't..."
John stared up in amazement. "Shit, Sherlock, if the only thing I have to do is completely shatter my ankle to get you to behave perhaps I should be evaluating what other body parts to destroy."
― Sigmund Freud
with body armour, a shield between himself and the visible proof of his failings
You know me.
Sherlock never let on how he'd suffered during his foray. He'd painted his accomplishments as a magnum opus, a testament of his superior intellect and skill. What else could John do but agree? Bloody hell, Sherlock had "fallen" off a building to save his three friends. When the detective had returned, however, his accounting of events was eerily glossed over. In all fairness, John seldom spoke of his own.
****************
"John, oh my John. I...please. Touch me, ere I go mad..my heart is, and always will be yours." Ostensibly, Sherlock had returned to planet Earth. He'd abandoned the cheese of George Lucas in order to channel Jane Austin.
Sherlock had solved it ten minutes, no surprise there. Mrs. Chattergee (no relation, thank you very much) laced her husband's bread with a liberal amount of ground glass. Not much of a head-scratcher, that. The couple owned a bakery. She'd told him that she was trying out a new recipe, one using a coarse grind of bulgar wheat. Also, her dismembering of his cheating, corpulent corpse, then stuffing the pieces into bread boxes Sherlock deemed amusing. Hardly worth his while, but amusing.
― Sigmund Freud
A soft grunt emerged from his throat.
Someone had to break the ice and start talking. Surprisingly, it wasn't John. Sherlock spoke quietly for a very long time. He took the occasional breath, sometimes pausing to moisten his throat with sweet tea. The biscuits lay unmolested. The doctor listened. He waited, patient, when his lover broke down. Three times, Sherlock broke into sobs. By the time early sunlight flooded over the expanse of the kitchen, John's face glistened with tears. Sherlock had three years of activity to account for. His story was terrifying, and heartbreaking, and desperate. John almost wished he'd stayed silent...but not really. No one, least of all this man, should shoulder this burden alone.
If simply touching Sherlock's fake skin appalled John, being witness to it's removal was horrific. The thing was thick, and slightly translucent around the edges. It had been strategically tinted to match Sherlock's coloring. So bizarre, this: a Sherlock-shaped casing of plastic. John felt his gorge rise, quickly swallowing it back down.
stay alive, because John loved him. The doctor would disappear if he died. John would decay and dissolve, right alongside Sherlock's brain cells.
― Sigmund Freud, A Case of Hysteria: Dora
"John...that's barbar -
"Right," Lestrade nodded back, determined to do right by his friends. "Alright, yeah, I can do that for you. But first, I'm going to refresh my drink."
This, despite every kiss, tender word and expression of devotion he'd received, Sherlock couldn't help but feel piqued.
Sherlock started, eyes glassy with shock. "What?"
"Nothing!" John blurted. His face registered shock. "You've done nothing more than be honest, which is the best that a friend and flatmate can hope for." Shock swiftly sublimated into misery. John snagged the half-empty whisky bottle and sloppily spilled another two fingers into his tumbler. "Oh, don't mind me; I'm just feeling maudlin." He threw back his head and slugged it down in one go. "Shay - same thing happened with my shoulder; it's history repeating itself."
However, putting thought into words proved quite challenging, as John's touch morphed from clinically methodical to
"Sod your afterglow. After 'Reviewing my charts'," John snarked, attempting to drop to Sherlock's sub-twenty Hz pitch, and failing miserably, "I recall that 175.3 cm equals 5'9" inches in height. I'm...
"Not exactly dereliction of duty on your part now, was it?" Sherlock snorted, indignant. "What I faced, John, observing the depths to which humans sink, the selfishness and the greed and the evil! I can unequivicably state that I much preferred you safe here in London."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Pillows, John. We need more pillows," the overstretched and underfed genius gasped. "You've been cursed with ridiculously inadequate appendages."
John hid his heartache deep inside.
Sherlock eyed John frantically, non-sociopathic face radiating guilt and horror. His flatmate looked bloody awful; grey, shaking with cold, and in obvious agony despite his brave facade. Lestrade, Sherlock's shuttle back to the alley, paced rapidly in consternation. The paramedics levered John to the trolley and John grunted.
Sherlock's face slowly turned red. "Ack!", Sherlock squalled, smacking a palm on his thigh. "Sentiment is bollocks!" He shoved his fingers through his hair and grasped it tight, making fists. Several strands snapped off around his fingers. He growled with frustration, flicking them off in disgust.
with it!" Sherlock panted. "I'm dying up here already!"
on the other hand, quite amu -
You have been warned...
A second, more hellish spanner popped up; that is to say, a fucking ruthless, bloody cataclysmic spanner.
Greg radiated bemusement, and more than a little concern. Two of his best mates had gone around the twist at the same time. What was that thing Sherlock always said? That this couldn't be coincidence, because the universe was rarely so lazy? "No thanks, mate. I think I'll pass. Sooner or later I have to return to the yard. I'm hoping to catch the tail end of the report."
(See the end of the chapter for
I know you.
me. OI!" The last he shouted two inches away from Sherlock's face. Or, John would have, if only he was six inches taller. Really, it was all just a question of semantics.
"All healing is first a healing of the heart." - Carl Townsend
John's feelings had muddied the waters. The doctor no longer knew who he was. Sherlock, (at least he was the last time John had picked splinters out of his arse), was a man; not a woman, a
Sherlock's panic was making this worse. Yes, John decided, repeatedly elbowing one's
Yes, it was true, they'd opened a joint bank account to pay for their living expenses. He and Sherlock took turns picking up take-out and milk. The flat they inhabited contained a single en suite, one table, and a set of mismatched but comfortable arm chairs. The day they'd met was just the beginning of a beautiful friendship. Simple as jam on toast. The one issue of contention - besides smelly, dripping body parts, was the "borrowing" of John's personal laptop.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock narrowed his eyes with cool, somewhat clinical assessment. "Unfortunately, I believe that you are correct in your assertion. It does need a bit of doctoring, if you're planning on it to heal properly and without blemish." He turned away, hoping to hide his grieved expression. "John will be able to attend to it. He's accumulated quite an impressive cache of medical supplies from the surgery; although, don't tell anyone I said that."
Sherlock hemmed a bit, guilt pasted over his face. "I'm sorry, John, I thought I had more time. I'll just go straighten up, shall I?"
Although a taciturn man by nature, John felt his mouth mumbling as his hands traced the blasphemy of scars. "These marks, Sherlock. There's so many. I think...your body's like the Sistine Chapel, yeah? I've never been...never even stepped foot inside Italy. Hmmm...large mass of keloidal tissue along the lower left quadrant, over the kidney. Knife wounds? Signs of significant infection. Here...at least 8 inches by 2 of contractured scarring ...branding iron? Line of something caustic, maybe acid?" John had no real interest in receiving a definitive answer for his query.
He waited. And squirmed. And sighed.
"Of course. So, I'll need to get on with it if you do want tea, you didn't specify," the detective said, gesturing to his towel.
the plan, naturally being a fine course of action for a lizard. Unfortunately, Sherlock’s human legs were crossed like a pretzel, and he stumbled face-first towards the ground. In all fairness, lizards never, ever cross their legs. Lestrade, possessor of his own knee-jerk instincts, launched up off his arse and caught his friend. He strong-armed the genius to a stand-still, or rather, to stay in one place. Sherlock howled in desperation and thrashed like a fish out of water. It took all of Lestrade's experience in subduing suspects to hang on and keep Sherlock contained. If Greg's mind touched briefly on the necessity of using handcuffs, he never admitted to it; not even privately and two drinks in.
Sherlock hightailed it until he reached the DI, almost ramming him as Lestrade paused by the door. Then he froze, abruptly aware of the shit storm awaiting him upstairs. Lestrade's face softened as he watched Sherlock shrivel inward, a six-year-old being sent to the Headmaster's office. "Come on, mate," Greg soothed. "I'll follow you up. I think that's for the best, yeah? So up you go, come on."
The detective mused.
perfect. The position wasn't quite as decorative as John envisioned, but holy fuckness did it provide  compensation. His spine rolled back, arse balanced precariously atop the wooden edge, upper body weight braced on his palms. Sherlock hungrily pressed between John's legs, his hips bucking forwards at top breakneck speed. He thrust his cock deep, deep, deep, deeper into John's exquisitely tight, madly fluttering hot hole.
It was blatantly obvious for all and sundry that Capt. John H. Watson liked sex. He liked women, and he liked sex; sweetly satisfying, simple as jam on toast. Yes, John liked sex quite a lot. This was rather unfortunate, however, considering his luck as of late. The doctor was either fighting to resuscitate a relationship, or pursuit of new one once recovering from the last's painful demise.
due to plowing into his ribcage or kidney, especially since he was already in pain.
"What?" Sherlock stuttered. "Are you sure?"
Sherlock replied with a groan of his own. "Come on, John. Do it. Do. It," he demanded. "I want to see." The detective did a small amount of fumbling of his own, diving into both pockets before pulling out an iPhone. "Gotcha!" he smirked. "I'm ready, John. Are you?"
As usual, Sherlock did exactly as he wanted and none of what was asked. Finagling John's compact form in the narrow space, he scooped John up in his arms. John let loose a vigorous string of profanity, face reddening in humiliation. Sherlock tuned out the verbal assault. It wasn't as if he hadn't heard John's tirades hundreds of times before.
"No, Sherlock,
"And by 'destroyed', I mean just that," Greg scratched his stubble. "He lost his job at the surgery because he stopped going in. Uh, as well, John developed a bit of a drinking habit. Okay, it was more than a
you feel marvelous. Are you sure?" John's legs trembled for an entirely different, infinitely more satisfying reason. "You're dead on in hitting my prostate." He groaned long and low. "I now know why male dogs hump the closest available surface.
comes back and ridicules you for missing the chase. I can't bear his snarky attitude towards you. It's rude and unfounded."
"Rude. Shut up and let me finish!" Ironically enough, Sherlock's brain was stalled out. Spending one's year in a madhouse might be confusing at best, and yet some good had come of it.
"And, Sherlock..." the little man huffed, feeling trapped on his back like a turtle. John twisted his upper torso, hoping for a better view of his lover's face. Nope, no dice. "You know that we can never go back...to pretending, that is; to ignore the...
"He...what? Wait. Did he leave and go somewhere that I don't know about?" Greg cocked his head, confused. "When was that?"
The little man listened, parsing out clues from the reluctant and irregular thump of feet on the stairs.
"Sherlock," John finally breathed, hoping to crack Sherlock's reserve. "Do you want me to make you feel good?
The detective gestured mutely to continue.
"My dear love. I need that drink of water. And an ice pack. And a new ankle, whilst you are at it. I - I can't... I'm bloody beat, love. Can we not do this tomorrow?"
Greg huffed out a laborious moan and was soundly ignored for his efforts.
more wretched than he'd felt whilst imprisoned in Serbia. He, Sherlock Holmes, had been clueless about the chronic distress that plagued John after his jump.
Shaking his head like a sopping-wet mongrel, Sherlock retraced his path on the walkway. NSY's finest, as it were, stood camouflaged behind a line of dense, lime green verge. The only hint of his whereabouts came from intermittent flashes of silvery, spiked hair - at first, barely noticeable between the foliage.
Nevertheless. Sexual activity distracted him from The Work. Bloody hormones. Bloody, idiotic, moronic, pointless, nonsensical, mindless
Easy, love. I've got you. I've got you. Now, shhhhh..." Placing small but strong hand on each shoulder, John ignored the cool, plastic texture. It didn't matter; this was Sherlock, all of Sherlock. He would take whatever he was given, and cherish each moment in time. The doctor's left thumb ran up against the rolled up lip of the silicone. John refrained from flipping it up further, but he wanted to. He wanted to tear it away and free Sherlock from its suffocating embrace.
and ungodly, horrified
"Nonsense, John. Mild arrhythmias aren't generally deemed harmful, just a bit startling. Likewise, an unheralded adrenaline rush gets your heart pumping." Sherlock's icy blue eyes sparkled as his lover flushed maroon. Befuddling John added luster and verve to his life. "You must get up. You have important things to do."
John Watson. He kept Sherlock Holmes right.
John thought back twenty-four years, to when his sister came out. She'd stood in the kitchen, defiantly tall (which was saying a lot, considering the gene pool of clan Watson). She'd screamed straight in her father's red, alcoholic, wife-beating face that she was a lesbo, a dyke, and a butch. He'd knocked her flat to the floor, kicking her twice in the gut for good measure.
"This... here," the detective swept his arms wide as if catching an over-sized beach ball, "Is excruciating, yes." Sherlock leaned back to sit on his knees. "But, I understand that what you are doing is in in my best interest. It's... bloody hell. Being
Sherlock's eyes shone with fierce concentration, the face of a man defusing a bomb. John secretly patted himself on the...back. For all of the detective's brilliance, he'd overlooked one most particular fact. John had relinquished control of the moment, of this very first sexual experience. He'd done it for Sherlock, not that this experience wasn't absolutely lovely. Whilst John had absolutely no experience pleasing a man (other than himself), he'd certainly run through the gamut of sex. He knew what to watch for, when to push or hold back. Sherlock, before this moment, had no clue. Best to leave things up a virgin to avoid any jitters. John was a considerate lover.
"Say,
"I...can I make you some tea?" Sherlock whinged, dragging the coffee table far, far away from his flatmate. The damn chunk of wood was lucky he hadn't pitched it out of the window; after all, there was precedent. "Or some toast?"
When someone "moonlights", it means that they have a second career or are working a second, supplementary job. I put this in here just in case...I am absolutely clueless when it comes to knowing whether or not colloquialisms are common to different countries.
"God, it was good to let go, let the tight mask fall off, and the bewildered, chaotic fragments poor out." - Sylvia Plath
"What we call happiness in the strictest sense comes from the (preferably sudden) satisfaction of needs which have been dammed up to a high degree." - Sigmund Freud
