Maybe the guy would be happier here. Happier with some normal girl who lived a normal life without Dean’s bullshit and the pathetic drips of desperation and need that he tried and failed to keep contained.
Larry turned towards the sound of Sam’s voice. He looked pallid and drawn, as if their short conversation had aged him beyond his already considerable years.
Turiel faltered when he saw the keychain, and he gently took it from her hand. “They’ll find us.” The anger in his voice was gone, broken.
He thought back to how he’d felt at Bobby’s after Cas had cast the bonding spell. He’d been content, happy to stay in one place for the first time in his life. And when that was scorched out of him as the house burned, he didn’t realize how much he’d miss it—that feeling of being home. It was as close to the apple pie life he’d ever gotten and he wondered if he’d ever have it again. He didn’t know if it was possible, but he wanted Sam to feel it too. Cas. And he sure as hell needed to give it back to Bobby.
“Put the keys down, Sammy. You’re not taking her anywhere without me.” He was lying down on the couch with a flimsy, decorative pillow folded in half to support his head. When he laid here, he could feel her moving around him—every floorboard, every faucet, every inch of wiring. It was heaven.
I hope you enjoy the chapter! Again, I shuffled a couple of things around to make the flow of the fic work better, so this is a long one. In chapter 4, things start to get weird—so I hope you stick with me.
“Great,” Dean replied, shining his flashlight down yet another empty aisle. He stopped moving and Cas, distracted, didn’t notice and thumped into Dean’s back, knocking the air out of Dean and the flashlight from his hand. It rolled under an empty display that had a dust-covered sign promoting $2.00 granola bars.
When they got to the motel about ten minutes later, they did a quick check of the cars which, as if by a miracle, hadn’t been broken into or outright stolen. Bobby grumbled, “Make it quick,” as Dean approached their room.
Dean pulled away, breaking their kiss and holding the sides of Cas’ face to keep him in place as he surged forward to reclaim Dean’s mouth.
“It’s what… happened. What my brothers caused. The devastation, the radiation. I’m not sure. But since I’ve been back to Earth, things are… fuzzy.”
Dean would have rolled his eyes, he definitely would have, if those ribbons in his chest weren’t uncurling and winding their way down his arms legs, filling him up with an electric warmth heavier than Cas’ grace.
Dean finally got his laces undone and kicked off his boots, looking up at Cas from where he was seated on the edge of his tightly-made bed. He’d given it his best shot that morning. He had. And every time he looked at Cas he wanted to reach out and touch, but he’d ignored the feeling for so long—told himself he could never have what he wanted for
Cas reached into the dwindling 24-pack of bottled water they managed to find and used his trousers to wipe some grime off of it.
“We’ve got showers set up,” she said, wiggling her eyebrows. “The water even stays hot for a couple of minutes.”
“We’ve been waiting for more of our order to find this place,” he said. “Which branch are you from? You sound American but they’re all dead. Surely not… Canadian?”
Whiskey, he remembered. Laughing. He remembered seeing Sam talking to Bobby through the bonfire. Why did he feel so fucking guilty? He must have said something (to Charlie? To Bobby or Sam?). Cas hated him, he must. And Charlie…
Dean would have laughed if he weren’t close to crying like a little bitch. He glanced over to where Cas was half collapsed on the bed beside him, getting picked up by Bobby and shuffled into the room at the back of the trailer.
Dean took a moment before finally pulling away, grinning at Cas before turning to look at his brother.
None of them had mentioned the fact that Cas was eating more often, or that he was sleeping regularly, or occasionally misread one of the items that were locked away by the Men of Letters. Dean was trying to give him all the space he needed, too. He hadn’t slept in Dean’s room since the one night they’d spent together, not that Dean hadn’t made it clear that he could. He left his door open every night until he was ready to turn in, but hadn’t gotten more than a quiet goodnight as Cas walked past his room to his own.
Dean curses loudly, ready to spring from the bushes to go to her when he sees Cas trying to do the same. He’s on the ground, crawling towards her, but seems largely unharmed until an elf/angel/whatever tackles him, knocking his arms out from underneath him. Dean doesn’t recognize this one — his hair is close cut and dark, but nothing about his face stands out.
Dean, mentally preparing himself for what might end up being another confounding, exhaustingly emotional conversation, took off in the direction Cas went.
Ignoring her, Dean faces Cas. “Do you really want to leave Eileen behind? Because I’m not doing that.”
might mean, just that it brought to mind certain words thrown out by his father and his hunting buddies over a beer, of certain
Gabriel holds out a clipboard and Cas all but snatches it from him, already springing out from behind the desk. “Yes, right, I was heading in that direction anyway.”
Though for the most part he’s walking aimlessly, he does have a rough mental map in mind, so he won’t get lost. He isn’t really sure what he’s looking for, but for now he’s planning on starting his investigation (his
“That won’t be necessary, but thank you, Dean,” Cas said casually, like he hadn’t, again, decided to throw a leg over a
Cas turns the knob. “We shouldn’t keep Hannah waiting. Like she said, she had something important to-”
- you are an amazing, loving, beautiful creature and the world was a better place simply because you made it so every chance you could. You deserved the world and the world needed you more-”
“But they weren’t there!” Dean grips his wheel, wills himself to take a breath, and turns his head enough to look at Cas. “The things we went through, the good and the bad- they weren’t there. They didn’t get the firsthand experiences. And I- I won’t, either, from here on out.”
Right. Demons and angels. Dean desperately hopes he doesn’t lose these memories again, because they are a headache and a half to remember. Especially when it looks like they’re ready to rush you, their own injuries be damned.
“No, don’t do this, Cas.” The words taste familiar on Dean’s tongue. “Look, just- talk to me. Tell me- anything. What’s happening? What- what’s going through your mind? Don’t-” his voice cracks “-Don’t shut me out, man.”
Cas doesn’t answer. Unfortunately, one of the nurses — Meg, who’s smug smirk makes Dean really wish they had left her behind at the fantasy forest — does. “Lover’s tiff? What, you boys find something unpleasant in the supply closet?”
Hannah nods at him, but she’s already turning back to her chart, barely paying him any mind. “You’re close with Castiel, aren’t you? I also consider him a friend, but it's so hard to nail either of you down these days.”
Her mouth is moving but Dean can’t make out the words. All he can see is Cas, inches from the water that looks inky black as the sky darkens. Looking up, Dean sees through the break in the trees over the river the silhouette of a monstrously large creature flying overhead. The head of the silhouette breaks open, revealing sharp, blackened teeth.
Charlie pulled him to his feet and threw her arms around him. He hugged her back, burying his face in her hair. After everything with Sam, Cas, and Kevin, it was nice to have at least one person in his life he didn’t have to constantly worry over.
Then Cas breaks the contact, standing up. He offers his hand to Dean, helping him up but then dropping it as soon as Dean is standing.
“Did you two smoke something over dinner without me knowing?” Charlie asks, “Or did you have a nightmare, Dean?”
Dean found himself longing for his steed. They weren’t walking on a path, having apparently elected to cut through the woods to find the river faster sometime a night or two before. While the ground wasn’t too uneven, the trees were growing closer and denser together. Dean, Charlie, and Eileen had all drawn their weapons — Eileen’s being an “elf” blade that was strikingly similar to Dean’s.
“Dire wolves!” Charlie shouts enthusiastically, already completely gone on the overgrown dogs. Despite himself, Dean was smiling, her joy infectious.
Dean sputters, blushing at the implication that they were hooking up in the ambulance (Dean would never admit it, but he has to admit that it isn’t an unwelcome fantasy). He regains his composure when the rest of what Balthazar said catches up to him. “Hey! What, you wouldn’t ditch his ass in the cold, too?”
Dean had said. It's not worth it, keeping him around, he realizes Dean meant. And he was right to mean it — Castiel had been barely able to provide for himself in the week after his Grace was taken, he had lost his clothes and had to steal a new set from some undeserving human, he had been manipulated and killed by a reaper, he had landed himself in a hospital, and he had — what had the angel called it? A
He just got Cas back — from where, he couldn’t even remember — he had his horse, his town, his family — most of it, at least, he shouted in his mind, but not all of it.
he should trust at all — but still, he figures it's worth saying. He knows he’s trusted Cas for years, that Cas takes his words deeply to heart, and that, as ashamed as he suddenly remembers he’s felt about it for
Charlie stumbles from the trees, three arrows in her chest, her blade held loosely in her hand. At the sight of them, she grins, looking relieved. “Y-you should-” She coughs, blood dotting her lips. “You should see the other guy.”
As far as first kisses go, it's gentle, almost shy, and Dean can’t bring himself to change that. Still, it feels almost too much like a goodbye as is, so he tilts his head to the side and presses back against Cas, parting his lips slightly and feeling Cas do the same. Otherwise, he lets Cas set the pace, simply feeling him — his lips are chapped, their stubble is scratching against each other in a way that isn’t unpleasant, but is still strange, and the brims of their stupid hats are knock against each other.
Dean follows Cas, ignoring Balthazar’s annoyed shout at them (or at least Cas) over not saying goodbye. They make their way through the parking lot into a back entrance to the hospital (Saint Grace’s Hospital, Dean reads on his badge. It's a little on the nose, he thinks, to have both “saint” and “grace” in the title).
There’s a stack of freshly printed wanted posters waiting on the sheriff’s desk for the Scape-Grace Gang, a gang of outlaws that have been causing trouble throughout towns in the area. They haven’t shown their faces around Dean’s town yet (or any town, for that matter, since they all wore bandanas high on their faces and hats low on their heads), but they recently made a nasty show of things at a bar the next town over. Sheriff Singer wanted all eyes open and guns at the ready to bring them in.
at persuasion. How you sustain your royal lineages is beyond my understanding. I’ve met animals that were better at politics.”
Charlie turns to the trees, and she suddenly looks guilty at her laughter. Dean can’t blame her — he feels like he was just cursing in a quiet gravesite.
Dean laughs bitterly. “Memory’s shot to shit. One minute I know Cas is an- an angel, the next I have no freaking clue, man. It’s like- it’s like something’s in my head, pulling me in one direction one second, then lettin’ me roam freely the next.”
Cas brought his mule to a stop and hopped off of the saddle. “We have been riding for a while, Dean. It might be worth it for us to walk for a bit. Give them a rest.”
The only thing that keeps him from hurling on the side of the road is the sight of Lucifer emerging from the flames, a gun in hand. With a half-smirk at them, Dean watches him aim it at them — at Cas.
“Cas, seriously?” Dean calls after him when Cas walks behind the nurse’s station and ducks down. “I can see you, you know that, right?”
Dean can hear Charlie laughing at them. Eileen, at least, seems to be making a decent effort to hide her amusement at their predicament.
Within a split second, he was sitting up, leaning away from the heat, ready to jump and run. He shouts in alarm at the flickering light and heat, just feet from him, scrambling back before realizing it’s only a campfire, and a small one of that. It isn’t even smoking that much.
He collides into someone in his sprint, knocking them both over and winding him again. Rising to his elbows, he sees the piano player from earlier —
The nurses are talking, Dean is helping move him back into the bed while keeping a hand gripped on his shoulder, and the angel is standing in the corner of the room, staring. She looks stricken.
Suddenly, something knocks against Dean’s back. Turning around he sees his horse standing there looking suddenly anxious. The horse whinnies and stomps her hooves impatiently, nodding her head impatiently to get them to follow. Some distant part of Dean wonders if, maybe, this horse has secretly been Sam the entire time. The mane and interrupting tendencies certainly match.
Cas has gone completely still in front of him, his shoulders nearly hiked up to his ears. Dean, reluctantly, removes his arms from Cas’s waist — they’re already here, after all, so there’s no reason for Dean to keep them there.
“Guy, the elves were planning on joining the dragon! We have to fight-” Charlie’s words are cut off by an onside of arrows. Cas, still grabbing onto Dean’s shoulder, reaches out to grip Charlie’s arm. Dean instinctively grabs Benny’s arm as well. Cas yanks them back, and they fall from the bridge.
He shuts the doors behind them and pushes Cas against it. Speaking as calmly as he can, he grits out, “What. The actual hell. Is going on?”
Cas is on his feet and running to her by the time Dean’s brain has caught up with what he’s seeing. Cas takes the blade from her and cuts away the rope around his middle, and Dean feels a flash of anger — of all the damn things the elf
“...Jack is also giving me a choice. I won’t be able to stay on earth all the time, since heaven is my responsibility as well, but if I chose… I would choose what I have always chosen, what I never thought I could have. Dean, I just want to be by your side.”
Dean schooled his face into a slightly less sappy grin and said, “What brings you here, Sammy? You aren’t hiding an injury under that suit, are ya?”
. Attached to the coat is a clip on badge, with the words “DEAN WINCHESTER, M.D.” written across it. Above his name is the logo of the hospital — the silhouette of a single feather.
When their lips meet, it doesn’t feel like a goodbye at all. It feels like a promise, and when Cas sighs into the kiss, Dean swipes his tongue along his chapped lips, asking for entry. Dean revels in the taste of Cas — like ozone and the air after a thunderclap and rain, like a force of nature.
It takes a few terrifyingly long minutes, but eventually, Castiel’s vessel starts to work semi-properly again — his head and chest still feel heavy, but his lungs actually seem to be registering and accepting airflow again, at least.
Castiel rips his eyes open and realizes he isn’t laying strapped down in a chair. He’s in a bed, his arms free, and before he’s even aware of the movement, his hand is up to his throat, tentatively feeling it. It feels swollen, and his fingers rub over a strange small bit of fabric stuck about an inch under his chin on one side, but there’s no blood. He realizes that the pain he’s feeling is more of a scratching sensation on the inside of his throat, not split skin on the outside of it.
Reaching forward blindly, Dean grabs the tail of the rope around Cas’s waist, but Cas is too overbalanced for it to do any good. Suddenly, they’re both falling through the shrubs, and Dean quickly realizes that, unlike with the wolves earlier, the ground is a lot farther down than they thought.
Anyway - Graphic panic attack, some (unintentional) self-injury, needles, possible internalized ableism, and overall angst ahead. That said, we're also getting some Big Sister Charlie
Giant charred branches litter the floor, disrupting the paths Dean now sees in the roots, and giant cracks make their way up and down the blacked bark of the tree. Above all else, there’s a stillness to this place that can only be found in a graveyard.
Finally, they all leave — the nurses, the doctor, and the angel, who said she wanted to speak with them in the hallway real quick — and he’s alone with Dean (for some reason, the angel winks at them before leaving the room, and Dean’s face flushes at that).
He knew Jack managed to work out a deal with the Empty to get Cas, and a few other angels Cas had okayed, out, and now Cas was playing co-pilot to Jack. Bobby told him, and Jack confirmed when he stopped for impromptu car picnics, that Cas had even been promoted to Archangel. Cas wasn’t suffering or being tormented. He was in heaven with the rest of their family.
“Still, can’t hurt to be prepared,” Jo cuts him off. Normally, he’d point out that she still had years of work to go before he considered her ready to play law enforcement, but he was struck by the realization that this was the first time he thought of Sam all day.
They stare at each other for a long moment, blinking blankly, when Dean reaches forward and grabs Cas by the lapels of his coat — also white, like Dean’s.
He was half-hanging off a jailhouse bed, a stetson hat brushing against his dangling fingertips on the floor, a solid body against his back with an arm holding his middle in a vice grip, and one Bobby Singer, a sheriff’s badge pinned to his leather vest, was giving him a look that was equal parts amused and annoyed through the jail bars.
Cas tackled Metatron mid-sentence, knocking the gun from his hand. Dean quickly grabs it, jumping to his feet in time to shoot at Crowley. He doesn't stick around to see if it hits, gunning it towards Cas and shoving one of the guns at his hands, grabbing his free one — the one with the bandana still tied around it — and dragging him away again.
Once they were out of earshot (Dean didn’t really care if Meg overheard them, but he sure as shit did not trust Gabriel at this point), he loosened his grip on Cas’s arm. They keep walking, passing the occasional patient or medical professional, avoiding eye contact as they did so. Thankfully, no one seemed keen to interrupt them.
. “My friend here and I are just doing a quick round, raising awareness for some outlaws that’ve been causing trouble lately. Mind if we put a poster by your door.”
“-in surgery? It had to be postponed.” Mainly because the head surgeon wasn’t at hand, he adds mentally.
Dean honestly has no idea how to answer that. When Cas starts riding off, he has no choice but to mount his horse and follow.
The sound of annoyed grumbling pulls his attention back, and at this point he seriously doubts whoever’s crashing through the bushes will be much of a threat, and judging from the look on her face, it seems Charlie agrees. Still, none of them lower their guard.
“Yeah,” Gabriel says from behind them. He’s slowly rising to his feet, muttering about how often he’s been tossed around the last few days, before facing them fully.
Muttering about lazy horses and undermined authority in front of said horses, Dean followed suit. He had made sure she had water before heading out, but he figured if she was going to quit on him, she must have a good reason.
“Didn’t even throw the first punch, for the record,” Meg says ruefully. “We wanted to, but elves have always had
One of Dean’s arms is pinned underneath him, and with Cas’s flailing, it's hard for him to grab his blade with his other arm, but he manages it.
Charlie, who was standing before the black wolf with a hand outstretched, letting it sniff her, shot him a pout over her shoulder. “Why not?”
Images rise into Dean’s mind unbidden, nearly knocking him to his knees as well — the fire, hellhounds, reapers — Jo and Ellen’s spirits being lead away — the shock and horror at the sight as Dean realizes they’re dead, oh god, Jo and Ellen are
A figure, Dean realizes with a sinking heart as the howls stop and are replaced with the sound of thundering footsteps, that isn’t there when he looks back.
“Listen, Cas, I trust your judgement, I mean it,” Dean says. Admittedly, that isn’t entirely true — Dean isn’t sure how much of
Meg leans forward, grin resembling a Cheshire cat at this point. “Clarence, you holding out on me? I can’t believe I’m playing gossip-telephone instead of hearing it from the source.”
The hearts on the calendar and the deed Vision gets for Wanda. I wanted a symbol like that here, something that transformed with everything else, but was also a constant, a tie to reality. The hearts were kinda that in WV, so I tried to make the feather that here. I then added the bits about other angels exchanging feathers to justify it as a stand alone thing in this fic
Slightly impatiently, Dean leans his head against Cas’s shoulder and says right in his pointed ear, “Cas?”
“When we find them, you should be prepared to head back. It seems your guy has more stamina than mine at the moment. I’ll keep watch on them,” Dean says.
Seriously, Dean was beginning to feel like a creepy ex (which wasn’t fair since Cas was the one who ollied off to the angel graveyard before Dean could un-bluescreen himself and say “I love you” back, which meant they didn’t even get to be exes), fishing for information from everyone on Cas’s whereabouts. The others were sympathetic, though Charlie and Jo -- who apparently formed a Dean’s Cruel And Evil Siblings club at some point, and were probably counting the days until Sammy could join the fold -- made a point to bash over his head how Dean and Castiel had apparently been in love and could have been together for over a decade if he had just gotten his head out of his ass sooner (again, super unfair. It takes two to make up destiel, and it's not like Cas had been rushing to declare his undying love until just before he died for the last time. Unless you count that other time in the barn where he thought he was dying, but the angel totally chickened out when he backtracked with his “I love you all.” This wasn’t all on Dean, and he was taking that fact to the- well. Not grave. They’re all a little past that at that point).
Dean feels like he shouldn’t be speaking out loud. This is a silence he shouldn’t be breaking. Tentatively, he mentally asks,
Dean frowns quizzically. Is the angel about to ask about the proper method of consumption for ice cream? Something about the case? Or maybe…
John’s expression remains mostly bored with a lingering dash of disdain. But Dean is more than well versed in observing the faintest hints of his father’s moods; he sees the subtle twitch of John’s eye, catches the slight tightening around John’s mouth.
He pauses, poking his tongue out to wet his lips, and Dean has a sudden ridiculous urge to test if they are as plush as they look against his own. “I think I would like that.”
Whew I'm so used to doing all my world building + plot together in less than 2k words, but this was so much fun to write! (wait is this my first multichaptered wip over 5k that I've actually finished... oop) Thank you to everyone who followed along on this journey :))
sign, curious about whether he’d receive any change. To his surprise, coins appear in the nearby tray, settled on top of letters that appear one by one, spelling out
Time passes. Dean doesn't know how long they end up staying there, only knows his butt is starting to hurt from sitting on the floor. Castiel’s significantly calmer, sniffling quietly as he unconsciously slows his breathing to match Dean’s measured inhales and exhales.
Dean let out a long-suffering sigh when Sam started Cas on a conversation about Tolkien, and he excused himself to get another beer. When he returned, Bobby close behind him, he threw a pillow at Sam’s head, which led to Sam throwing it back, knocking Dean’s beer to the floor, and then it was war. Bobby shot Cas an eye-roll, which only made him laugh harder.
Cas frowned but didn’t reply, just took another mediocre bite. He’d been a wreck for the last fourteen days, and if Meg hadn’t taken to bringing him lunch between classes, he’d have forgotten to eat on more than one occasion. Cas’s days looked a little like this:
“Yeah,” Dean said, smiling. “Well, it’s kinda complicated. I am going home, like, my actual home. Lawrence. We spend Christmas with some family friends.” Dean paused, looking thoughtful. “They’re really more family than friends. Bobby and Ellen and Ellen’s kid Jo. Bobby and Ellen were both friends with my dad.”
Dean got to work on a pot of coffee. He almost hoped that Sam wouldn’t wake from the noise, that he could put off the coming conversation as long as possible. But, of course, Sam woke up almost the moment the machine finished brewing.
“Your brother is extraordinarily kind,” Cas said in reply, not bothering to look at Dean. “He talks about you often,” he added.
“The truth,” Dean repeated, his eyes remaining resolutely shut. Another deep breath. “It wasn’t supposed to go like this,” he said finally.
Cas gave him a hard look. “I didn’t get the ‘shit beat out of me,’” he grumbled, punctuating the phrase with air quotes. Dean rolled his eyes.
Dean pulled up to his apartment, anger and regret swirling in his head. He shouldn’t have yelled at Sam. He knew that. But Sam — well, sober Sam — knew better than to bring up Cas in any capacity.
hearing his thoughts, thank you very much. Dean kicked him in the ribs when Sam rolled his eyes and mumbled something like “Sorry for messing up your game.” Cas pretended not to hear that, pretended not to see Dean give Sam a glare that said,
And, yeah, he looked horribly hungover, in addition to everything else. Dean rolled his eyes. “Sure. I mean, why were you getting sloshed at, like, the worst college bar in town?”
.” His throat was tight, and tears stung the edges of his eyes. Of course this would happen. Of course.
Dean blinked. “Yeah. Yeah, sorry,” he said, rubbing a hand over his face. “I’m beat, honestly,” he said. “I think I’m gonna hit the hay.”
Dean drummed his fingers against the side of the couch. “You know,” he started, and he was already regretting it, “Sam wants you to come. To Bobby’s. For Christmas.” He cringed. The words sounded lame, like he’d made the whole thing up.
It was still pitch-dark outside when Dean woke up. He checked the time. 5:22 a.m. He groaned. A product, he guessed, of getting nearly fourteen hours of sleep the day before. He almost tried to go back to bed, but it was useless. He was awake. Gingerly, he applied some pressure to his stitches. Pain bloomed beneath his fingers, but it remained localized. That was encouraging. Dean sat up slowly. He felt the blood rush from his head, and the room spun a little more than usual, but the spikes of pain of the days before were gone. Maybe he’d be fully healed by Monday, and he’d be able to get Cas back on the road sooner than he’d thought.
“Occasionally,” Cas said. “My father called yesterday to ask your same question. I suspect he suddenly feels quite guilty about his treatment of me, considering accountants make quite a bit more than small-town preachers.”
Sam eyed him with a mixture of shock and suspicion. “I thought you were pissed at him.” He sat up a little straighter. “Actually, if I remember this right, you’ve been so pissed at him for the last three years that I haven’t been allowed to talk about him.”
And all of a sudden they were going through it all, all the movie nights and dining hall dinners, the Taco Bell runs, Cas helping him with calculus and Dean throwing wads of paper at Cas when he’d been studying too long. When Cas reminded Dean of the time he came home from a party with
Dean cleared his throat. “Point is,” he said, “this was a long time coming, but I’m an idiot and couldn’t work up the balls.” He was staring hard at his hands, the admission taking enormous effort.
fine, because there was no way in hell Castiel Novak was holding him up with an arm around his waist.
“I suppose you can get back in the shop, as long as you’re careful,” Dr. Barnes replied. “You don’t work on Christmas, do you?”
As Dean took the gift, Cas put a hand on his wrist. “I’m going to have to ask you not to open it until I leave,” he said.
“It’s just strange,” Cas started, wrapping the coat tighter around himself, “That I should end up stranded here, in Lawrence, of all places.”
The three weeks that followed were easily the best of Cas’s life. The rituals remained unchanged; Tuesday was movie night, dinner was at seven-p.m. in the dining hall, late nights doing homework demanded a fast food run. But little things shifted; Dean made it to his birthday without going to a single party, and his bed remained perpetually made. Cas amassed a greater collection of t-shirts that weren’t his, and he only ran when he knew Dean was in class.
playing on the old TV. Bobby popped open two bottles of cheap champagne, much to the chagrin of Jo and Sam, who were provided sparkling grape juice instead. They exchanged gifts, and Dean looked at Cas like he’d just won the lottery after opening Cas’s gift to him, a limited edition copy of
“‘S good to see you, Sammy,” Dean said, radiating warmth. “Let’s go, Bobby’s itchin’ to give you a beer.”
“And…” Dean’s eyes were fixed squarely on the ground in front of Castiel. “It’s just funny. How that works. Small world.”
“Yes,” Cas said again. “I suppose they were just sober enough to land a punch.” He gestured at his eye. “I believe they just wanted cash, and I’m sure the ID of a twenty-two year old was desirable as well.” He sighed once more. “I’m just glad they didn’t take my phone.”
That was a bad day. He’d completely blacked out the night before, and still felt pretty drunk when he’d woken up. He remembered calling Cas over and over again. Eventually, the calls stopped ringing out and started going straight to voicemail. Dean hadn’t left the room that day, despite having a full day of classes. He didn’t shower. He simply remained in the same spot, feeling more and more hopeless as the minutes went by. In his desperation, he’d even called Meg. She told him that Cas had left and that he should delete both their numbers. She called him a fuck-up. She spoke with so much hatred that Dean couldn’t even get a word in before she hung up on him.
“At the bar,” Cas clarified. He couldn’t tell how drunk Dean really was, but based on that recent revelation, he could guess.
Nerves pooled in the pit of his stomach. He half expected Dean to rush out some kind of apology, to tell him that everything had been a big mistake. But when Cas turned to face him, Dean was beaming.
Dean groaned and rolled over in his bunk. He said something, but Cas didn’t hear, too intent upon getting the words in his head onto the page.
“Don’t be a baby,” Bobby chastised. “The guy who drove you to the hospital came by the shop yesterday, told me what the doctor said.” Dean groaned. “You’re not comin’ back in until Thursday, you hear?”
Cas gave a polite nod but didn’t say anything more. Dean took both their plates to the kitchen and put them in the dishwasher. Dean got to work cleaning up the burger mess.
“I have something for you, as well,” Cas said after a moment. He reached into the pocket of his trench coat and procured a white envelope, Dean’s name written on the back.
much eggnog!” Dean exclaimed, and Cas was laughing again, and Dean thought it was the best thing he’d ever heard. “And you wore that stupid fucking halo for so long—"
“No clue,” Dean replied, ripping the bag off the door. He unlocked the door and headed straight for the bedroom.
They stayed at Bobby’s until midnight, reminiscing about past Christmases, the years Sam and Dean spent under Bobby’s roof. Eventually, Bobby whined about being too old to stay up so late, and that was their cue. Sam was properly tipsy, and Dean was exhausted. They bade each other good night, and Dean and Sam headed home.
The gravity of the question, the look in Cas’s eyes, curious and almost pleading, sucked the air right out of Dean’s lungs. And there was something screaming at the back of his brain, that no, he wasn’t, that he hadn’t been, that he could never be, because the one key ingredient to that happiness was —
They didn’t end up leaving until after dinner the next day, Sam and even Bobby pulling both of them in for hugs. Dean turned on the radio for the first half of the drive, but kept the volume low. He was quiet, and although Cas wanted to ask, he allowed Dean to sit in whatever he was feeling, watching the flat landscape pass outside the passenger window.
Neither said a word in the ten minutes it took Cas to reach campus. The only sounds were the roar of hot air from the vents and the low groan of the engine. Cas kept his eyes in front of him, never once daring to glance at Dean.
Dean put out the cigarette and slid in without a word. Cas hit the gas and started the drive back to the dorms.
Cas narrowed his eyes. “Nothing very specific. I suppose a girlfriend, a good job, doing something you like, in a place that you liked. You used to speak so fondly of Texas, I thought maybe you’d moved there. You told me, once, that you had thought about engineering. I usually pictured you like that, an office job. A stable life.”
As he drove to the Wal-Mart at the edge of town, he wondered idly if he would see Cas again. Dean supposed, at the very least, he might see Cas when he and Bobby had his car fixed. Unless Bobby fixed it before Dean got back to work. He snorted at the thought. That was unlikely.
At the word, Cas realized how hungry he actually was. “I’m all right,” he said. He should have stopped at the gas station on his way back.
Dean had just taken his last final that morning. It was nearly noon before they hit the road in the Impala, Dean’s twenty-minute tape-selection process doing nothing to hasten their departure. Eventually, he settled on
He heard Dean chuckle. “I thought class was important,” he said, but he shifted closer to Cas nonetheless.
Dean stared at him. “The whole damn thing, Cas,” he sputtered. “And now this, and, goddammit, you’re my best friend and I can’t control myself long enough to…” Dean trailed off, and Cas finally understood. Dean had misinterpreted his shock, felt Cas’s stiff and tardy reply and taken it to mean he wasn’t interested. A bubble of hysterical laughter escaped him at the irony.
“Dean told me you’re a writer,” Sam said when it was just the three of them. “He said you were writing a book.”
Cas still wore that intent expression on his face as he stared off into the distance. “Hey,” Dean said, elbowing him in the arm. “You creating world peace over there or something?”
“Nah, man, you can’t impose on Bobby, you especially can’t impose on Ellen,” Dean said dismissively.
He chided himself internally. How much of his selfish avoidance scheme had contributed to those feelings of inadequacy? He’d rather burn with the pain of unrequited love forever than let Dean think he wasn’t enough.
“It’s really not that complicated,” Dean grumbled. “He didn’t want a damn thing to do with me. Ask him.”
Sam’s grin faltered at that, and Dean was already regretting this whole altruistic move. He just turned and made his way back up to the apartment, Sam and Cas close behind him.
“Shit, that was — I’m so sorry, Cas I didn’t —” Dean was holding his head in his hands, but his words were taking eons to reach Cas’s ears. He just sat, staring in disbelief. Every place Dean had touched was scorched with the absence of him. “I’ll email someone — I’ll try to move out for this semester —
Dean almost put the book back on the shelf three separate times before forcing himself to the checkout counter. He paid for the book in a hurry, tossing it into the back seat when he reached the car.
Cas creeped into the apartment, assuming the other two were still asleep, but right after closing the door, he saw Dean leaning against the counter, nursing a cup of coffee.
“I apologize,” Cas said, and he couldn’t keep the earnestness from his voice. “I’m just feeling overwhelmed. I have two final papers, three exams, and two final projects coming up before the break.”
Cas lowered himself from his bed and hurriedly opened his computer. He had to get this down as soon as possible. Cas replayed the dream in his mind as his computer booted up. He supposed it might be a little strange, to turn this story in as his final project, considering it was somewhat of a self-insert. But it had everything he needed.
They were interrupted by Dean’s second alarm. Dean scowled as he turned it off. He looked at Cas expectantly, but Cas had his arms folded against his chest.
“I don’t,” Cas said, and wasn’t that the crux of his problem. “I have no idea what he would do now. He seems… Different, Meg.”
Cas tilted his head, but tore the paper off to reveal the book Dean had picked up earlier in the week. He stared at them for a long moment, not saying anything.
“Remind me again why you didn’t file a missing person report?” Meg sounded only slightly exasperated, which was an improvement upon the last three times she’d asked the same question.
And yet… Dean had to know. Despite everything, all of his anger and grudge-holding, he wouldn’t be able to think about anything else until he knew. With a pang, Dean remembered waking up in the hospital, Cas sitting next to him. He quite literally hasn’t left your side. The least Dean could do now was check up on him.
“Sammy, I swear to god, if you don’t play my song,” Dean yelled. Sam let out a huff and muttered something, but Dean didn’t catch it. He was too busy staring at Cas, who was sitting on the floor of Bobby’s living room, a massive smile plastered on his face. He looked ethereal, Dean thought, his dark hair perpetually disheveled, gold light glinting off his blue eyes. Dean must have been looking for ages, because Cas turned and raised an eyebrow at him.
Dean stared at him, and he was struck again at just how fucking beautiful Cas looked like this, loose and alcohol-flushed and
“Thank you,” she said, mildly triumphant. Cas rolled his eyes. “I didn’t want to say it, but it’s true, Cas. I didn’t know him all that well, but from what you told me, the guy has fucking issues.” When Cas didn’t reply, Meg sighed. “I just wouldn’t put it past him.”
Cas gave him a look. “I think, based on my current state, that you can infer the nature of my outing.”
“Please,” Cas said with a nod. Dean moved to climb out of the bed, but he paused. He turned back toward Cas and kissed him, slow and deep. When he finally broke away, Dean was smiling even wider.
“Look,” Dean interrupted. “I’m just trying to do the right thing.” He laughed, and it came out a little hysterical. “I keep sayin’ that, and everyone keeps asking more questions.”
, Cas thought, and he was suddenly annoyed. It occurred to him that if their places were switched, Dean would be hounding him, demanding that Cas tell him everything, because he always did. Anytime Cas seemed the slightest bit off, Dean was there, asking questions, being the good friend that he was. But now? Now, he expected Cas to leave it alone, to let him suffer with whatever was bothering him. Cas took a few steadying breaths, then turned the engine off and got out.
Dean was standing by the door with a full backpack. Cas’s own was leaning against his closet. He was sitting at his computer, manically finishing a paragraph, only half-stalling.
Dean wasn’t sure what he was expecting, but it wasn’t that. He shifted uncomfortably in his seat. “Not real interesting,” he said. “Working for Bobby during the days, bartending at nights. Saving up money for Sam’s college. Living here.” He shrugged. “Pretty normal, I guess.”
Cas stood abruptly as Dean’s phone slipped out of his hand, shattering upon impact with the linoleum. He was standing, his jaw clenched, staring at absolutely nothing.
Cas interrupted him by pulling him into a tight hug. Dean made a surprised sound, but wrapped his arms around Cas’s back.
Seeming to sense Dean’s discomfort, Cas said, “Dean, you don’t have to do this.” His voice was measured, but it had a near-pleading tone. “I’m perfectly fine.”
“He would have proved that a week ago if he had sat down with you to talk it all out,” Meg grumbled.
Cas was in between sleep and consciousness when something warm shifted around his back. Whatever dream he’d been having, it felt remarkably real.
Dean let out a huff, overflowing with something like realization. “I never thought about that before. It’s not like he’s ever tried to talk to me.” Dean threw his cigarette on the asphalt and stomped it out. A breathy chuckle escaped his lips, and he wrapped his hands around his midsection. “You know, I used to try so hard to be like him.” Dean tilted his head toward the sky. “I listened to his music, I dressed like him. Hell, I even started talkin’ like him.
sorry this one took so long to get up! i was an idiot and broke my foot :) happy new year to everyone! <3
take care of Sam, Dean would finish that degree if it was the last thing he did. An argument, the only time Bobby had ever yelled at him. Dean and Sam sitting on the couch, sharing headphones and listening to Black Sabbath. Bobby pushing him out the door. Driving back to Wichita, numb.
“That’s a bad idea,” Cas said, but he didn’t move to stop it, and so Dean did. He closed the distance between them, kissing Cas just once, and it was nothing like Dean had imagined it would be when he imagined kissing Cas again. It was chaste, barely a brushing of lips, and the sweetness of it shattered something inside his chest. He made to kiss Cas again, real and fervent this time, but Cas placed a firm hand on his chest.
Bobby greeted them with the biggest smile Dean had ever seen him wear. He pulled Sam into a tearful hug and clapped Dean on the shoulder. The three made their way to the kitchen.
Dean studied him for a moment, flipping between anger and concern. Cas had texted him after the incident, hadn’t bothered to mention it. “You okay?” He said finally, deciding it was too early to get mad.
“Are you… I know I already asked, but man, something’s off,” Dean rushed out. “Is — Is this about Christmas? ‘Cause —”
“Well, it’s just…” Sam trailed off and took another sip. “We don’t really do the whole ‘apologizing after arguments’ thing.” He gave Dean a look. “No chick flick moments and all that.”
Dean reached the 7-Eleven and discarded the cigarette in the ashtray on top of the trashcan. He made a beeline for the coffee machine. Dean grabbed the largest cup he saw, filled it to the brim with steaming coffee. He had just taken the glorious first sip when —
Cas gave him a sideways grin. “I mean, will you become willfully taciturn if I ask you questions about yourself?”
Cas sighed. “I’m sure. I appreciate the gesture, but Christmas with my family is the last disaster I want to saddle with myself after…” He waved his hand generally.
“Great,” she said brightly. “You can tell me all about it. Like your new city apartment. And which coffee shop you go to and how many baristas have written their numbers on your cups. And when
Dean wasn’t sure how long he stood there, taking long drags until the end of the cigarette burned his fingers, and then just standing, staring into the parking lot.
Dean just stared at him. Of course Cas would find the cheapest shithole in town. A wave of guilt rushed over him. What was wrong with him? He and Bobby were the ones who wouldn’t be able to fix Cas’s car until after Christmas. Cas was stuck here because of them, because of him, and Dean couldn’t just give up his couch for a week? If he had just done that in the first place, Cas probably wouldn’t have a black eye.
Dean was doing his best to uphold his end of the scotch-induced bargain of Monday night. At the very least, he told himself, it would make the next week more bearable, with Cas lingering in his apartment at all hours.
They settled into a somewhat comfortable silence, punctuated by Dean reading measurements from his phone and Cas dumping everything into a bowl. Dean grabbed bacon and orange juice out of the fridge, too, and while Cas set about frying and flipping the pancakes, Dean arranged the bacon on a pan, nudging him with a shoulder so he could put it in the oven. It was surprisingly comfortable in the small kitchen. Cas noticed Dean liked to clean as he went, and so he followed suit, rinsing out the bowl while the last pancake cooked.
“Bullshit,” Ellen declared, earning a laugh from Cas. He made his way to Dean at the island, and not even the rhythmic motion of rolling out a pie crust could distract from the nearness of him.
“‘Course,” Dean muttered. He made as if to leave, but he stopped again. “I’ve been thinkin’ about what you said the other night.”
“Dean,” Cas said in a wet voice. “This is… Thank you.” His voice was so sincere that Dean had to stare at the ground.
“Asshole,” Dean grumbled, but he kissed Cas on the jaw as he climbed down from the bed. He put on a pot of coffee as Cas followed him off the bed, wrapping his arms around Dean from the back.
“Nonsense,” Ellen said, giving him a smile. “You can help Dean with that pie, if you really want,” she said. “But he’s kind of a control freak.”
Cas leaned down and kissed Dean deeply. He pulled away to mutter, “Happy birthday, Dean,” against his lips. Dean closed the small distance as soon as Cas had said the words, and this time it was decidedly heavier, hot breaths mixing and hands pulling each other closer.
Cas grumbled something incomprehensible as he pulled out his phone. When he saw the date, however, he shot up, suddenly wide awake.
“Sam, you have no idea what you’re asking,” Dean argued as he made his way to the self-checkout. “In case you haven’t noticed, I’m trying to
Dean felt hands around him, lifting him into a standing position. That effort made him seriously consider throwing up. He tried to blink the stars away.
Dean looked at him in anguish. “I shouldn’t have — I’m an idiot.” His voice sounded broken and raspy. “I fucked up on Thanksgiving, and now, shit, I don’t know what’s wrong with me.”
Dean’s eyes flicked to his. “Yeah,” he said, but he still wasn’t letting go. And Cas thought he should look away, should open the door, but then the inaction lasted too long. Something about the way Dean was looking at him burned, and he was chewing on the inside of his cheek, like there was something he was trying to convince himself to say.
Dean downed the rest of his whiskey and followed Cas’s example, dropping onto the couch half on top of him. Cas laughed and shoved him off without any malice.
Dean tilted his head back, begging the ceiling for strength. “Look, man, I’m just trying to be nice.”
Cas put three fingers up to the bruise, which was looking less black and more like splotches of blue and green. “Better,” he said decidedly.
Meg had quit WSU with Cas that second semester, but opted for cosmetology school instead. She lived in Dallas, now, making a killing as a hairstylist and occasionally doing special effects makeup on the side. Cas had been to visit her, once or twice, in her high-rise studio, where they would talk about almost everything except Kansas.
Something like realization dawned on Dean’s face. He let out another laugh. “Guess we’re a couple of dumbasses.”
The rest of the week passed much the same. Castiel went to bed each night with sore cheeks from smiling. On Saturday, Sam roped him into pouring toothpaste into Dean’s shampoo bottle. The roar they heard from the shower that night had them nearly on the floor laughing. Dean got his revenge on Sam moments later, barreling out of the bathroom in nothing but a towel to give his brother a large, wet hug. Unbeknownst to Dean, his retaliation involved Cas as well; it took great effort to keep his eyes focused on anything but Dean’s bare midsection.
But Cas was rearranging his expression into something gentler, breathing deeply through the anger Dean was provoking.
Sam choked on his coffee. After a fit of coughing, he looked at Dean with wide eyes. “What? When — did you — What?”
Dean nodded, and they exited the car and made their way upstairs. And it might have been any other night, save their shoulders touching, fingers brushing, silence charged with something new. Cas unlocked their door, letting Dean in. When he turned after shutting the door behind him, Dean was there, and Cas didn’t even have time to turn on the light before he was shoved hard against the door. Dean’s mouth was hot and his hands were desperate. Somewhere in the back of his mind, Cas thought they should probably talk about this, about them, but then Dean’s breathing hitched as Cas caught his bottom lip between his teeth, and the thoughts stopped coming.
Castiel grins, bursting into helpless laughter when Dean blinks at him with dazed eyes and red flushed cheeks. Playing at irritation, Dean pulls together enough of his scattered brain cells to shove Castiel back against the wall, leaning in to nip teasingly at his bottom lip.
hell bent on causing destruction out of pure spite. Sam, for saying yes to Lucifer, for being weak and giving in, for abandoning Dean to a fate that would leave him broken for the rest of his life. Dean, for being a person Castiel never knew he needed, for becoming someone Castiel could barely recognize, for dying because he couldn’t kill Lucifer. But most of all, he’s angry at himself, for not being
in his time, Castiel works Dean easily; taking him up so high he sees stars, so fast his head spins. And for someone who’s profusely adamant about
It’s the worst hangover he’s ever had. Arguably, it’s Castiel’s first hangover and of course it has to be an extreme of epic proportions, but that’s not the point.
As quickly as it had started, it’s over. Castiel pulls back, waiting for Dean’s reaction with restless, worried eyes, as if he wasn’t the hurricane that had swept Dean soundly off his feet in one fell swoop.
Gordon falls back onto his ass, shrieking a sound so high and frightened, his voice gives out halfway through with a rasp. All of his friends look like their souls just exited their bodies, and Dean would laugh if he wasn’t so busy taking the deepest breaths of his life.
Castiel’s eyes are still stubbornly closed and his hair is an absolute mess on his head and Dean wants to kiss him. God, how he wants.
Risa shakes her head, coughing weakly. Only then does he notice her other arm, limp and bloody where it’s resting on the dirty floor.
It had taken him this long to muster up the courage to drink with abandon. The first few days, he'd stopped at the very first hints of plain drunk, a part of him worried someone —
So when he hesitantly but purposefully pushes an empty emerald bottle off the edge of the table and silently watches it shatter, he tells himself he’s trying to understand. And maybe it’s because he’s practically human, maybe because he’s drunk; something in him breaks into glittering shards along with the glass.
Castiel butts his head against the inside of Dean’s wrist, eyes slipping shut in contentment. Grinning widely, Dean brings both his hands up to drag his wrists across and under Castiel’s cheeks, fingers playfully ruffling the fur at the back of Castiel’s neck.
“Cas, you back with me?” Even at a whisper, Dean’s voice rasps, hoarse in the distinct way that comes from crying. He leans away from Castiel’s ear to clear his throat but it stubbornly remains, sinking his usual tone by half an octave. “Wanna take this somewhere else? ‘m sure it’ll be easier to cuddle in bed.”
No one stops Castiel, but someone follows a few steps behind, footfalls despondent under the sound of wind threading through tree leaves.
Right from the start, Castiel knew he couldn’t hope to drive the Impala, no matter how much he wanted to. The engine would be a reassuring sound reminding him of Dean, but it’s far too loud in a world requiring silence (unless you would like to be constantly swarmed by Croats). Plus, Castiel couldn’t find the keys; he doesn’t even know if the Impala would start even if he
He wants to cry, and hold Dean, tell him just how much he deserves to be loved and appreciated. He wants to kiss every inch of Dean, worship every part of him, press love into his skin until he’s bursting with it. He wants to wake up every morning with Dean in his bed, laugh with him over silly things as they share meals, give him the whole world just to see him smile. He wants and he wants and he wants, but Dean is the glowing sun and he is a mere sunflower, destined only to chase after those golden rays.
but he does fall a few times, nearly knocking the breath out of his own lungs whenever he trips on a motionless dead body or slips on something or gets bowled over by the occasional aggressive Croat that manages to catch him off guard. Each time he peels himself off the floor his increasingly battered body protests, pain flaring blindingly bright like fireworks through his nerves. He already knows he’s going to bruise all the multiple colours of the damn rainbow; why are human bodies so
Dean runs the tap until the water is frigid enough to make his fingers go numb. Cupping his hands together, he splashes his face, carelessly shaking his head to get stray droplets out of his hair. Grabbing a clean hand towel, Dean rinses it out several times, enough to have the cotton hold onto some of the cold from the water.
With one last peck, Castiel flops onto his side. Dean kicks the comforter over their tangled legs, and when Castiel nuzzles into his neck, Dean pulls him impossibly closer. Together, they just breathe for a nice stretch of time, chests rising and falling in tandem.
“I said—” Dean jogs forward, changing forms midstep to barrel into Sam with his whole weight, rolling him off Castiel to sprawl onto the floor in a heap. He squeezes his jaw closed around the back of Sam’s neck, pressing until Sam goes limp, whining a high sound of surrender. His point made, Dean immediately releases Sam, sitting back on his haunches and returning to human form to finish his sentence. “—that’s enough.”
Castiel, to Dean’s inevitable relief, seems to understand the urgency of the situation. The angel — on his knees, dark head bowed to a man — licks his lips, opens his mouth, and takes Dean in one smooth, hot slide.
That night, Dean dreams of dozing off under the tree, colourful song birds chirping their exuberant songs as they dart between the green leaves.
Man, Dean had pulled out all the stops for such a sappy line and Castiel’s just staring at him. Did he say something wrong?
Dean works carefully, keeping any pressure light as possible as he wipes the blood, checks for any glass shards, and disinfects the wounds. Castiel doesn’t flinch and never makes a sound, so Dean figures he’s doing a decent job. By the time he’s getting ready to put some bandages on, the cuts are already starting to clot.
Dean’s standing a few paces inside the room, a nervous smile tugging at the corners of his lips. As Castiel gapes, mute, Dean shifts his gaze to a spot above Castiel’s head, sinking his teeth into his bottom lip.
“I’m sorry,” he whimpers, clutching the gun between his two hands, short nails digging thin crescents into his skin.
Dean doesn’t know if he would rather thank or curse his brother for the distraction as he pulls a clean shirt over his head and ruffles his fingers through his hair.
He wonders if Sam and Dean are doing well. If Sam’s hair has grown even longer, if Dean still halfheartedly complains over its length. Castiel wonders if the Winchesters are sleeping well and resting sufficiently between hunts.
No one will gruffly tell him he needs to stop. No one will drag him upright with strong yet gentle hands, push him into bed. No one will complain but still sit by him for most of the night until he's finally asleep. No one will be angry at him for being so careless with his life.
Castiel doesn’t have much time. He hustles into the walk-in closet to put on his suit, tie dangling loose around his neck as he fumbles with his cuff buttons. The suit jacket is shrugged on as Castiel descends the stairs once more, his tie forgotten as he grabs a handful of chocolate chip granola bars from the snack cupboard and dumps two Tylenol capsules into a small bowl. Three more water bottles are bundled into his arms, then Castiel makes his way back upstairs.
at the contact. Heart in his throat, Castiel gently pushes up the sleeve of Dean’s shirt, his fear only growing when Dean doesn’t protest.
Castiel stands, rooted to the spot. Should he tell Dean he can’t go anywhere — much less to work — unless Dean releases his wrist? Whatever Dean’s doing, it’s not entirely unpleasant; Castiel decides to remain patient, and wait for Dean to let go.
He hands Castiel the towel when he’s finished, watching as Castiel buries his face in the soft cotton. The tips of his bangs are wet from washing his face, dark strands clumping together.
Dean closes the breath of distance between them, curling his fingers around Castiel’s backward tie. “No need,” he murmurs, sliding his other hand southward, their mouths so close he could breathe in Castiel’s sharp exhale.
The first brush of Castiel’s tongue, curious, has Dean tossing his head back against the stall wall, nearly biting through his own tongue with how quickly he has to snap his jaw shut. He presses a palm to cold, painted steel, the other to his mouth, muffling his soft gasp as Castiel explores his length with warm, gentle fingertips.
Closing his book, Castiel looks up with the intention of finding Dean, but the space around him is empty. Confused and a little worried, Castiel stands, turning in place to scan every corner of the room.
Summer recedes, giving way to autumn and its chilly winds. Although the cold doesn’t bother Dean — he runs warm all the time — in the slightest, it does rouse a seasonal melancholic drowsiness, a sort of lingering inclination towards hunkering down somewhere warm and snoozing until spring returns. Dean would use it as his excuse (along with just how easily this place had him letting down his guard) for being so careless, but he knows a part of the blame, no matter how small, still lies with himself, when he wakes in a circle of golden fire.
Gritting his teeth so hard a muscle in his jaw protests, he squeezes the trigger; the gunshot echoes with explosive finality in the silence. He drops the gun so quickly it’s as if firing it had also set it aflame, breathing heavily. It’s not the first time he has had to kill a comrade, but it never hurt this much
But today he has a mission — and some pies to get back to baking — so Dean grabs one of the nice woven baskets and studies the shop map, pulling out the list from his pocket. He squints at his near illegible scribbles, batting away a spot of flour smeared over a few of the words.
“Hey. S’all up to you, yeah? I’m okay with whatever you want, so if you aren’t comfortable with unexpected guests, then we won’t have any.”
Castiel ducks his head in a sharp, jerky nod, repeating the action when Dean pauses in the act of reaching for a book.
Exactly like a few hours earlier, Castiel cradles Dean’s cheek and bends down. This time, he rests his forehead against Dean’s — Dean hums a pleased little noise from deep within his chest, the sound not unlike a purr, and tips his head back to playfully bump their noses together. Castiel smiles, stroking his thumb along the curve of Dean’s cheekbone.
Dean’s aggravated frown softens to confusion. He doesn’t want to listen to a single thing John has to say, but it doesn’t sound like a mere bluff. The words carry a weight of certainty Dean can’t ignore; combined with the sudden dizzying rush of fear and shame from Castiel, and Dean really doesn’t have any reasons to doubt John.
It’s a good whiskey. Deep and rich flavour, probably been sitting around for a least a few decades. After Castiel’s first cautious sip, it had scorched a blazing trail down his throat.
As he’s already learned to expect from his previous two visits, the place immediately puts Dean at ease, even with his more anxious and skittish instincts of a dog. The lights indoors have dimmed into something softer, as if mimicking the fading light of the setting sun outside.
Without a word, Castiel leans over Dean, resting a hand against the side of his face. Dean exhales something just shy of a sigh and nuzzles into Castiel’s touch, his five o’clock shadow tickling Castiel’s palm.
He still doesn’t understand why Castiel refuses to shift. Dean had wrestled with the idea of Castiel being embarrassed about his other form multiple times, but.. Yeah, no, he still doesn’t understand.
Castiel watches on in awe as Dean opens up so wonderfully for his fingers, back arched and head tossed back against the pillow in pleasure. He could do this forever, never tire of seeing Dean writhing in ecstasy because of
The bottles are placed in an empty milk carton crate Castiel finds; he brings it with him to the armory — where he grabs a black handgun and a box of ammunition to fill the magazine — and then to the largest building.
“Thoughtful as always,” Dean mumbles. He’s steadily losing ground in the battle against sleep, but he won’t allow it, not just yet, because even if his eyes are closed, he can feel Castiel’s troubled gaze. “Cas— What’s wrong?”
this absurdly polite man would be the kind of person to hold proper conversations with animals who cannot understand or reply. Had it been any other person, such a thing would be hilariously foolish, but Dean finds himself outrageously endeared by the openhearted clumsiness of this man.
Unable to do more than accept what Castiel gave him, Dean buries his face in the crook of Castiel’s other elbow. With every thrust, his breathing hitches on tiny not-quite-sobs, mouth open as he pants wetly against the swell of Castiel’s bicep.
Dean muses as he wanders behind one of the academy’s older buildings, trudging along one of the unused and overgrown paths as a shortcut.
But that’s a situation for another day. Right now, he has to check on Dean, make sure he’s okay. Hopefully it really is just a headache.
Castiel props himself up on an elbow and kisses Dean, soft and sweet. For a moment, he looks almost like he wants to speak, but he only smiles that small smile, resting a hand on the meat of Dean’s shoulder, perfectly aligned with where his handprint had once been.
If Dean didn’t know any better, he would say the clouds didn’t look as gloomy as yesterday. As it were, even he isn’t thickheaded enough not to notice his own good mood; he hums a short repeating tune throughout the entire process of baking a fresh loaf of bread for himself and a few apple pies.
Dean checks his pockets for his phone before he slips out the back door of his house, locking it behind him and clipping his keys onto a belt loop before vaulting over his fence. He strides confidently into the forest, ducking behind a massive bush to crouch down in the plant life. The shift only takes half a second, and Dean tips his nose into the air to make sure not a single person is around, quietly sneaking away from the bush until he deems it safe and far enough. Then, he straightens up and trots merrily through the forest, slowly gaining speed until he’s dashing over fallen trunks, paws barely touching the ground to propel him forward.
Dean whines a weak, high sound of surprise when their lips meet. Desperation has Castiel kissing Dean harder,
Dean wonders if Castiel’s actual voice is as deep and rich as the one he hears in his head through their bond. That is, if he has a voice. It’s fine if he doesn’t, but Dean’s spent quite some time pondering over the possibilities and he’s pretty sure Castiel’s only choosing not to speak. He doesn’t understand why.
Castiel bundles the comforters and pillows from his bed into his arms, quietly sneaking back to the living room. It feels so strange knowing Dean is asleep in his home, trusting Castiel to keep him safe while he’s vulnerable. And Castiel knows, being able to go to sleep in a totally foreign location is no easy feat.
It’s the only female that had joined them on this mission, and although it takes him a second, he remembers her name: Risa. Indescribably relieved not to be the only survivor, he bends over and offers a hand, shoving sweat soaked hair out of his eyes.
“Look, I shouldn’t have— I’m sorry, okay?” Gordon turns to Dean with desperate eyes. “I’ll do whatever you want, just— Please don’t let him eat me.”
He cradles the gun in both hands, holding it steady and shooting exactly as he was taught: brace for recoil, elbows locked, quick and merciless shots one after the other, aiming for the chest area unless target is close enough to shoot for the head without risk of wasting bullets by missing. When the clip is empty, he throws the gun to stall for a brief moment, just enough time for him to drag out the triple edged blade he had thought to hide in his jacket at the last moment before they’d left the camp.
Castiel doesn’t answer, blue eyed gaze steady on Dean’s face. The napkin from his finished — when did that happen — ice cream cone sits perfectly folded on the table.
Under strict orders thick with an underlying current of panic and desperation, he stayed behind in his cabin for most missions like a dutiful housewife waiting for their husband to return, burying himself in women and drugs to distract from the knowledge that any single one of the missions may easily go wrong. Thankfully none of them had, and this is practically the first action he’s seen in a
It should alarm Castiel, how quickly the empty days have become tedious. How passively experiencing the flow of time is getting
before, with his grumpy morning caffeine need and his quietly sassy attitude, crystal clear blue eyes that seemed to see everything and just a tad bit nerdy demeanor. Now, with the addition of his gravelly deep voice and sunshine smiles, mildly flirty (if Dean wasn’t reading it all wrong) behaviour and slightly louder sassy attitude, you really can’t blame Dean for being interested. Castiel does have an awkward but greatly endearing sort of personality, after all.
Shoving the pan off the heat and turning off the element at the same time, Dean drops the spatula to march toward the front door.
How ironic it is for him, a dweller of the underground, to have eyes blue as the cloudless summer skies currently above their heads. “Oh,” the man gasps, his voice rumbling low as thunder, “my apologies, I didn’t mean...” He trails off, blue eyes forlorn as he watches Dean revive the grains around him.
He drags his hand across the bottom, face turned away to avoid being slapped by vibrant green leaves. Sam searches with increasing frustration, until his fingers brush the solid cold edge of something metal.
They might even find him, holed up in this abandoned camp, so drunk he probably couldn't defend himself even if he tried.
isn’t used to it. Castiel tries to speak often — he’s still going through the process of recalibrating his habit of not speaking at all — and Dean wants to greedily hoard each and every single one of Castiel’s words for himself. Every time Castiel laughs, Dean wants. He wants to hold Castiel, wants to run his fingers through that unruly dark hair, wants to be the reason Castiel smiles— Dean wants and wants and
When Castiel presses him down into the pillows, Dean’s mouth parts with a content sigh, and Castiel happily accepts the invitation. He’ll never get used to it — how gently Dean kisses, attentive and never overbearing, like he’s pressing his love into Castiel with his lips and tongue. It’s the best kind of drug, and Castiel kisses Dean for as long as he wants because he can; Castiel loves seeing Dean smiling up at him with kiss swollen lips and pink flushed cheeks, the green of his eyes jewel bright rings around his dilated pupils.
To make matters even worse, the man opens his mouth and starts speaking with a voice of pure sin, rough as gravel and rich as the darkest decadent chocolate.
Castiel shakes his head. “You didn’t,” he whispers. “I’m just…” He sighs. “I can’t— I wish I could stop thinking about how much I will miss this tomorrow.”
Next time he’ll try the daily tea, he tells himself, even though he hates tea. The coffee is wonderful, rich with a complex flavour Dean could never hope to get from the cheap stuff he halfheartedly brews at home to wake himself up in the mornings, so maybe even the tea will be good enough to have Dean enjoy drinking boiled leaf juice.
The shot echoes in Castiel’s ears as he flinches, fingers reflexively tightening around the gun to avoid dropping a loaded weapon. All he can see is Risa, dead on the floor, because of a bullet
Castiel hops gracefully off the sofa to land in the nest of blankets and cushions on the floor, squeezing in between Sam and Dean, who had been seated shoulder to shoulder watching television. His tail slaps Sam in the face when he flops down onto his stomach to place his head on one of Dean’s thighs and push a paw against the other, kneading gently.
“It can wait a few hours. A nap sounds pretty good right now — looks like you’re bouta pass out. C’mon, you needa rest, get horizontal.”
Although he’s disappointed he couldn’t witness just-rolled-out-of-bed Dean puttering around in his kitchen, Castiel's positive he wouldn’t be able to go back to his usual mornings once he’s had one with Dean; just imagining Dean saying
An explosive bark echoes from downstairs, loud and aggressive as a gunshot. Dean nearly catches his own fingers as he hastily shoves the oven door closed, only managing to hit the button starting the timer out of pure ingrained habit before he’s dashing down the stairs. He nearly brains himself tripping over thin air on the middle landing, where the steps take a sharp 90 degree turn, palms stinging where they made contact with the wall.
Castiel takes another small, neat bite. It’s absurd, how prim he is, sitting on a weather-worn picnic table bench with his back straight as an arrow, clad in his ill fitting suit and baggy trench coat and disheveled, backward knotted tie, taking tidy little nibbles of ordinary vanilla ice cream. He looks up at Dean, no possible brain freeze in sight, and solemnly declares, “I like these molecules.”
Huh, there’s a thought. Dean continues running his toothbrush in circles over his teeth, opening his mouth to scrub at his bottom molars. He’s zoning out, barely seeing his own disheveled reflection staring back in the mirror, so he doesn’t see Castiel padding into the bathroom.
The last word is punctuated by Gordon throwing the entire glass instead of just the water, but Castiel doesn’t flinch. It shatters next to his head, jagged pieces flying everywhere.
It must be some tiny lingering spark of his grace; somehow, no matter how much alcohol he consumes, his body forces him to reject any dangerous amounts of excess.
Dean reaches up to push Castiel’s hair back, bestowing a light kiss to his forehead. He dislikes sappy stuff like this, but seeing Castiel’s resulting smile is more than worth it.
Castiel had never really understood the point. Perhaps it was an instinctively human selfish desire to balance give and take; eye for an eye, breaking something outside for something breaking inside.
Castiel steps closer; Dean’s lashes flutter as he avoids Castiel’s earnest gaze. “What happened,” Castiel presses in a gentle murmur.
but he leaves the house anyway. There are a few granola bars stuffed in one trench coat pocket for his morning sustenance, phone and wallet and keys in other pockets; he triple checks to make sure the front door is properly locked, knotting his tie as he makes his way to his car.
But warm hands cradle his face, gently tilting his chin up. Castiel kisses him slowly, hesitant, and Dean’s eyes widen before falling shut, his tears slipping out from under damp lashes.
Something in him breaks a little to leave Baby behind. He pats her hood fondly, murmuring his despondent regrets for being unable to bring her along, and wonders if Dean would forgive him.
Then, between one breath and the next, Castiel’s eyes are open, vivid blue with pupils thin as a needle.
Castiel counts forty seconds, imagines Dean sitting in his bed wrestling with words meant for only Castiel to hear.
Dean kicks idly at a rock on the path. He doesn’t know why, but he could definitely see Castiel as one of those tiny brightly coloured songbirds—
Castiel laughs in Dean’s mind. Dean wishes he could hear the sound with his ears, see Castiel throw his head back as he laughs.
Castiel smiles. He looks carelessly casual standing there, with a dark jacket stretching over his broad shoulders and tight jeans clinging desperately to the strong swell of his thighs, like he isn’t stealing all the air from Dean’s lungs. “Hello, Dean.”
Dean glares, back ramrod straight and hands clenched into tight fists. A second later, he lowers his eyes, gritting his teeth. “No, sir.”
Castiel bears Dean’s weight without any difficulties, walking smoothly to the bed and depositing Dean carefully on top of the sheets. Dean gapes up at Castiel, his brain properly fried by the display of strength, his jeans far too tight for how aroused he is. Almost concerned, Castiel kicks his shoes off, crawling towards Dean to kiss him once more.
Now empty, the ring of fire extinguishes, scattering into golden sparks before disappearing. The man tips his head to one side, narrowing his eyes.
When he leaves, it’s with some dried basil and a folded note addressed to him, the handwriting a perfect match with all the signs in the shop. Dean absolutely does not end up cutting a fifteen minute walk down to just nine in his rush to read the note in the privacy of his home.
Dammit, he’s tired of dreaming. Castiel took a risk in trusting Dean — he sincerely hopes he hasn’t let Castiel down in any way — and maybe it’s time Dean trusted Castiel.
— and brushes his fingers over Dean’s belt loops, blue eyed gaze serious and calm as ever. Dean can’t draw breath for protest, so Castiel slowly unbuckles Dean’s belt, pops the button and unzips his fly with sure, deft movements of those elegant fingers.
Dean presses the spatula down, smiling slightly at the wonderful sizzle of the meat. He’s going to feed Castiel until the dork complains about his stomach being fit to burst. After all, you need calories to help your body repair itself, right? Castiel must be running low after healing such a large point of damage to his body.
give a strangled cough before ducking away from the table to hack up a lung. (Not literally, of course. Sam’s perfectly fine, only with a good chunk of lettuce in his windpipe.)
he is, Castiel collects the last few remaining empty bottles from Dean’s room. He’s unspeakably relieved he’d been in a different room during his surrender to the outburst of violent intent.
Dean takes an unconscious step in John’s direction, the rage crashing against every nerve in his body forcing him forward.
“Wait— Dean!” Castiel has a folded piece of paper clutched between his thumb and index finger. He slowly extends his hand, holding it out.
there’s the faintest hint of his nail, pressing just enough to ease the slightly uncomfortable tickling sensation.
For a long, unknown stretch of time, Castiel drinks. He drinks everything he could get his shaking hands on, all the different kinds of alcohol Dean had carefully accumulated and stockpiled.
Exhaling the tension from his shoulders, Dean takes another sip of coffee. He watches a familiar scurry back to her witch with a bundle of lavender, and wonders if it was time he tried introducing a new pastry to the variety he has at the shop. Dean pulls out the pen and notepad he always carries, biting idly at his lip as he jots down ideas.
He remembers having witnessed Dean’s grief and frustration and desperation manifest itself as explosive anger. The way all of his repressed negative emotions came flooding forth like a dam had broken, channelled straight into physical violence.
Thighs trembling, Dean sinks his teeth into his palm, arching his back and choking on a cut off groan when Castiel swallows, his throat squeezing around Dean. No gag reflex at all,
The bodyguard is somehow standing in front of John now, eyes sharp and posture defensive. Dean pauses. That thought couldn’t have been his own. Which means…
Dean is strong. He doesn’t need no witch. Sure, he had been a little jealous when Sam had told him about finding Jessica by nearly bowling the poor thing over on the street. Sure, he’s a little jealous when he sees them grinning like absolute fools around each other, their magic entwined in a breathtaking harmony, two pieces of a puzzle joined to create a bigger picture together. And yeah, some days Dean will stop and wonder how it would feel to share his magic with another, to wake up in someone’s arms. But he’s made his peace with being alone, because believe it or not, a puzzle piece is still whole and complete on its own.
When they tumble over the precipice of pleasure, Castiel spilling first between his fingers with a low moan that will haunt Dean for
The space spreads out in front of his eyes, impossibly large for how quaint the outside had appeared. Shelves upon shelves of herbs and spices, amulets and spelled trinkets, stretch into the depths of the building, far enough that Dean can’t make out the back wall. Where does it all end? Above his head, the ceiling curves up high, a tall
Blinking heavily, Castiel scrunches up his nose as he stifles a yawn. “Are you going to… tell your brother?”
“Nobody important.” Dean casually clasps Castiel’s hand, squeezing gently when he startles at the contact. “Just a guy who’s gonna help your bro kick your ass.”
“Must I open the door for you as well? Someone’s been spoiling you,” the man says even as he moves to do exactly that, but Dean catches the subdued loneliness in his tone.
His fingers flex, nails clawing at the scratched metal underneath him. But he stays where he is, staring up at the lid of his coffin.
Eyes wide, Michael turns tail and beats a hasty retreat, the windchime above the door cheerfully announcing his departure to an audience of two.
Castiel obeys easily, hands curling around a pillow in his lap. Dean brushes back the hair falling over Castiel’s forehead, fingertips ghosting over warm skin, and Castiel flinches.
It takes Sam a solid minute to find the key he’d been informed of, mildly anxious about the thought of looking like he was someone trying to break into the house. It isn’t really a flowerpot — why didn’t his jerk of a brother tell him he’d be looking under a decent sized
His legs are tangled in a tight cocoon by the blanket but he folds them up and hugs them close anyway, resting his chin on his knees.
scorched cleanly into the wood, and there’s no logical reason to knock. Dean finds himself stretching out a hand anyway, but as his knuckles make contact with the door, it nudges open, sliding easily on its hinges.
“Um— Yeah. Sorry for…” Sam grimaces. “All that. Dean’s the only one that’s ever here, my brain just— Assumed the worst, I guess.”
“Dean,” Castiel whispers, his blue eyes suspiciously damp as he brushes their lips together in another tender kiss. “Please don’t cry.” He kisses Dean’s cheek, right over the wet trail his tear had traced down his face, all sappy and chick flick-y and—
Soft and lingering, Castiel bestows his farewell kiss to Dean’s forehead. He feels Dean’s eyelashes flutter when his eyes fall shut, and tries to memorize how warm Dean feels at the moment. Just in case. Neither of them have been ill for quite some time, but it’s definitely better to be safe than sorry.
Castiel starts to wait for Dean’s prayers; they’re the brightest stars in Castiel’s permanent night sky.
Sliding his hands up to cup Dean’s face, Castiel presses his lips to Dean’s once more for a quick moment. When he pulls back to rest his forehead against Dean’s, noses touching, they’re both smiling and bubbling with giddy giggles.
Instantly disregarding the danger he’s probably in, Castiel moves forward, eyes trained on the shape sprawled on the ground. The closer he gets, the more undeniable the truth is
For a reason Dean will never be able to really understand, Castiel’s real voice reminds him of thunder, bursting with immeasurable raw power and wildly untamed. He sees Castiel’s pupils thin into sharp slits —
Dean opens his mouth to say, his mind reeling with the force of this unexpected truth. By his side, Castiel’s breath hitches audibly with a soft whimper.
Then his wandering gaze catches movement. Sam freezes. He’s only distantly aware of his wide eyes and open mouth as he watches the end of a black tail disappear around a corner into the living room. And not just any tail; it’s thin in a distinctly feline shape, but far too large to belong to any sort of pet cat.
Castiel laughs and closes the distance between them, tilting his head back a bit to make up for the little height difference; Dean’s eyes instinctively fall shut along with Castiel’s.
Dean’s not absolutely hopeless, so he does recognize a few as the more frequently used ingredients, simple ones essential to a large number of small scale spells or even as a base for more elaborate ones.
when Castiel prays, prays for God to be merciful and allow his wretched soul into Heaven, so that he can be reunited with Dean.
It’s beautiful in a cruel way. Uneven in places, roughly welded together for purpose over design, sigils and symbols carefully carved with a steady hand. It’s beautiful — like a rattlesnake — and built by Dean’s hands and it’s Castiel’s coffin.
It warms something in him, the idea of having Dean’s trust. Castiel carefully shakes out one of his dark navy comforters, tucking it up around Dean’s shoulders. He worries for a minute, twisting his fingers together in his lap as he weighs the pros and cons, but seeing Dean with his shoulder wedged under him in what must be an uncomfortable position seals the deal.
It’s times like this when Dean is extremely grateful for his detached home, shut in neighbours, and the sizable forest behind his street, beginning right beyond the fence of his backyard. Nobody really goes into the forest beyond the few people walking their dogs or jogging at set intervals throughout the day, and the foliage is dense enough to hide even adults if they huddle down low enough. The only downfalls are the swarms of insects and masses of chittering squirrels, but they’re only minor nuisances and it’s rather easy to coexist, as long as there is no unwarranted hostility.
Castiel corrects himself, and it hurts something terrible — always find him, give him purpose. But Dean is gone.
(if y'all didn't catch it, Dean's place is called Slice of Heaven :'))) whew it's been a while since I've written anything this long lol)
Castiel blinks blearily at the three bottles swimming in front of his eyes. Squinting, he reaches out again.
It isn’t Dean’s fault. And Castiel also can’t bring himself to tell him about any of it, because he knows Dean — the idiot — would gladly work himself to the bone for Castiel’s sake. If there was anything absolutely essential to the creation of the man known as Dean Winchester, it would be his altruism.
to tell him whether the Impala being in heaven meant Sam had crashed it on earth. Dean hoped beyond hope that Sam and Eileen would take their sweet damn time getting up there, but the second his brother showed up, Dean would expect an explanation).
Cas and Eileen were off to the side, looking like they were ignoring their exchange. Dean and Charlie saw Eileen sign something rapidly to Cas — her fingers moved too fast for Dean to even guess what she was saying. Cas squinted his eyes in confusion before signing something back.
They land in mud, which thankfully breaks most of their fall (the rest of it, less thankfully, was broken by a few smaller branches they hit on the way down).
Only half-aware of what he’s doing, Sam rises and walks to the front door, Eileen on his heels. In her hand is a gun, an angel blade at her belt. He’s opening the door before it completely registers that that’s probably a stupid thing to do, and he’s, for about the millionth time this past week, eternally grateful for her.
His other hand, the right one, is hanging by his side. Dean can make out what he assumes is his badge in Cas’s hand. His sleeve is also soaked with blood, standing out stark against the white fabric.
“You’re the town’s Deputy. You have a role here, Dean- you have a life to live. I won’t see it cut short.”
“...I don’t like hospitals, either,” she says in a softer voice. “I’ve, uh. I’ve always wanted a sibling of my own, you know. If only so I didn’t have to- to visit the hospital alone. Dean and Sam- they’re my family, but they’ve always had each other. I just… I guess I’m just trying to say you’re adopted, loser, so…yeah.”
“I trust your judgement,” Charlie said. “Cas, what do you say? You know your brother, would you say it is a good idea to trust his knight?”
And suddenly, the nurses are leaving the room, though he sees one of them hovering in the doorway (not the one who might be Meg, he distantly takes note of). Dean moves into Castiel’s line of sight, still holding his wrists, and a wave of relief washes over him — he hadn’t realized it until now, but some part of him had been worried that the person holding him hadn’t been Dean after all.
Dean watches Lucifer finger the trigger, the black smoke behind him growing larger and larger, darker and darker until it doesn’t resemble smoke at all, but rising, living ink.
“Becky is, don’t worry,” Eileen says. Searching his face, She asks, “Did you learn anything? Did you confirm it?”
Dean isn’t sure how long they ride — time seems to have no meaning in these woods and no matter how far they go, all they see are trees, grown so thickly together that their leaves block out the sky and the wolves frequently have to jump over their roots. They probably would have gone mad, trying to walk this distance.
He handed her a couple wanted posters to keep inside before heading out. Cas, following behind him, stepped on the creaky floorboard on his way out.
Dean took in Cas’s blue eyes. He took in the crows feet around Cas’s eyes, the eternal scruff he had on his face, his crooked tie, his tanned skin, the slightly stiff way he always held himself, everything about him. Dean shouldn’t have worried about this not being Cas -- everything about him was just so
Dean clapped Cas’s shoulder. “We got back up right here. ‘Sides, between me, Sheriff Singer, and Sammy-”
The fact that, earlier, when he stepped away for like two seconds to pee, he came back to find Cas basically hyperventilating? Fine.
-epi-pen Cas somehow? Gritting his teeth, Dean forced his brain to shut the hell up, to pretend this was for a case or whatever. Besides it wasn’t like he was actually engaged to Cas — it was the very fake Mr. Wesson-Smith (or Smith-Wesson? Whatever) who was engaged to the equally fake Mr. Bradbury. It didn’t matter, in the end.
After a moment, Dean pats his arm, and Castiel knows that if he looks down, he won’t see a mark left on his skin, but he feels there should be one. His skin should show the world all the places Dean Winchester has touched him, like how Dean’s shoulder was marked when Castiel raised him from hell.
According to the clock hung on the wall across from where Dean was sitting, it took nearly three hours for Charlie to arrive after she hung up on him. He spent most of that time scrolling through notes Kevin had emailed to him and Sam about the Angel Tablet, not really reading them and trying to ignore the three other people in the ER waiting room with him. Eventually another nurse, different from the one Dean spoke to earlier, led her to the waiting room.
“They wanted us to join their army in serving the dragon, or to ensure we keep out of their way so the dragon doesn’t show favor to us later. I have to say,” Meg turns to Cas, “Your people are
There’s a familiarity to this as well — books and movies suddenly come to mind, but it isn’t just that. It isn’t just the charm, either.
He takes a gulp of air, hopes Cas did the same, and pulls them both under, pushing them towards the middle of the river and away from the shore.
He heads to the garage instead. Even if it isn’t strong, he’s got a few beers stashed in there, and maybe he’ll be able to work out some frustration by working on one of the older Men of Letters cars (not his car, oh no. He knows better than to mess with his Baby in his current mental state).
