Most didn't live because they couldn't cope with the pain or they lost too much energy at the start. Blood loss could also contribute. Packs stopped this, because the creatures draw energy from each other. The boost would help the shift along, and although it would still be time consuming, the new wolf could heal itself faster and loose less of the vital fluids it needed, leaving it not-dead. Sherlock truly panicked then, realising how... vacant the other currently looked; as if he was already dead, almost. He spluttered and alerted Sherlock that he - in fact - was
"Good for you,"
Sherlock, on the other hand, was looking around, seemingly
Sherlock studied him. "Your ears are pointed, claws still visible," John loosened his grip on the other man. "Pupils dilated, teeth sharpened - the reason you're speaking with a lisp -" He was? Running his tongue over his teeth and reviewing how he'd previously spoke - oh god he
The front seat was crawled into by a woman decked in padding and a high-vis jacket. The way she looked into the rear view mirror was startlingly familiar to Sherlock. Those eyes... they were a mischievous ruby red, flaked with black diamonds. They glinted and glowed when the blue lights were turned on in an intoxicating way, leaving Sherlock to wonder who this was. In a startling moment, she put her foot down and let the car roar to life. A cackle escaped blood soaked cupid lips  as the waves of people jumped to the side as a manic BMW flew past.
"... Lestrade was the hero of yesterday; the man that confronted Sherlock Holmes. After previously stating that he had nothing to do with the speeding car, he wasn't questioned. And now he's been proven guilty for being an accomplice of the 'great' detective less than twenty four hours later. Greg Lestrade will indeed be questioned and thrown behind bars where he belongs. It really was quite surprising this wasn't discussed earlier..."
"What's your name?"
fInALlY!
(See the end of the chapter for
He then remembered about the tea he had started making and found a smoking kettle. After turning that off, he had to re-light the fire so that John would be warm if he decided to come sit here again. So he did that too.
By this time, John was numb. Fingers were nonexistent and legs felt like chunks of flesh. He tried his best to listen but his head felt both heavy and light, and eyelids were quickly failing him. Everything had gone somewhat gloomy to him as edges of vision faded away. Hearing had turned to an echo and was only worsening the feeling he’d pass out in the water.
Greg simply shrugged. "I guess it's something that has to happen," Mrs Hudson exclaimed again, giving him a hug and praising him on his bravery. Sherlock huffed at the display of emotion in front of him as John chuckled from behind. "Ah- what do we uh.. do with him?" Greg nodded at John, quite flustered from Mrs Hudson's fussing.
, it was horrifying. He was being taken over; these weren't his thoughts. The world around him reeled and spun, a hand that seemed to be his being placed over his mouth as he keeled over and retched, tears forming in his eyes. He wasn't sick, yet a foul taste still invaded his mouth and made his eyes water. Everything was too bright, too loud, too
"How did you figure that one out?" asked Hooper eventually, strutting towards them.
Bloody being an accurate word, in this description. Murky grey carpets had been - unwillingly - dyed a vivid crimson; walls would be stained for quite a while, the strongest of bleach unable to break it's spirit.
"I know that, you moron," Greg rolled his eyes, crossed his arms and gave a deep laugh. "If I didn't I'd have had you in cuffs. You're a demon in disguise, Sherlock, but you aren't what they think," a short pause enveloped the room. Not even an antique clock dared tick. Lestrade looked around Sherlock to the man in the chair. "Who's that?"
And then he fell back into an ordinary, calm sleep, forgetting about the dream, the nightmare.
"Follow the path until you get kidnapped," smirked the vampire, unlocking the doors.
Now in cuffs, the man was shoved into the police car. Lestrade looked rather smug and proud; finally catching his own criminal! But alas, Sherlock and John had helped and would probably be getting most if not all of the credit. For now, he could appreciate the work he had done.
Had he cut himself? Not that he could feel it, anyway. When imagining how he looked, his lips were blue and his skin was pale; hypothermia busily chipping away at his being. Even if he had cut himself, however, it wouldn't be
John snapped at the word 'pup'. He felt his bones shift uneasily, a faint cracking noise at the bottom of his neck making him arch his spine. Colours became frightfully vivid and noises surrounded him, but he focused on whoever these people were ahead. They watched curiously, the heels of their feet rising as they prepared to step back. The one that had snarled at him openly whimpered, crouching to seem smaller. John was now the one snarling, clutching at Sherlock as though he were his life's savings. However when his display was over he felt
Timidly, Mrs Hudson walked to them.
"Sherlock?" she whispered. "There.. there are some people that want to see you,"
Was it having an affect on them? Was it having an affect on
Thanks for reading! Comments and kudos are appreciated!
"Lestrade got arrested,"
”He was - he was just here, wasn’t he?” he stuttered, giving a double take in his shock. John - he was sure he’d been there with them!
Bones were cracking and re-forming, but so slowly he could feel every single movement; the grind as they moved to new placements. With pleading dark eyes he looked up at the unfamiliar face with eyes that didn't fit.
"Sherlock? Can you hear me?"
Without realising, his eyes had closed. John was frantically trying to wake him up with cries of his name; why hadn't they shot at him yet? Claws were grazing at his skin, skimming the top layers. One last desperate sob was drawn out into a howl - or was that just his mind playing tricks on him?
Come to think of it, John didn't feel awful, but he certainly felt
nude." he added, as if that would help with the shame that burned on the other's face. He wasn't
Lights were too bright for newly opened eyes, leaving him to shield them with a hand. It was a cold white light, not warm; the sort to make anyone look ghostly. Looking around, it seemed to be like a morgue. But without the corpses. He was placed upon an icy marble slab, but with a pillow beneath his head. Some form of luxury was better than none. A sense of vulnerability washed over him as he realised that vision was blurry and in the distance he could scarcely see anything; it was a gloomy mess of blobs and nothing more. Sitting up, the world tilted alarmingly and he felt sick.
"You were whimpering," replied Sherlock, hand still fluffing John's hair. "This action seemed to comfort you."
Panting, he lowered his head so that they couldn't see the way he'd scrunched it up, and the way blood was trickling from his mouth. A faint muttering of their native tongue was to be heard again - the word 'blaidd' feeling oddly familiar - and they shuffled closer again. They no longer felt threatening, but that didn't stop him from holding Sherlock away. They'd shot him with some sort of poisoned arrow, for God's sakes! Who
Click, click, click.
"Didn't have time," Sherlock glanced at the other's leg, noticing swelling and redness. It was hard to tell how deep it was from the rugged edges. The pattern suggested flesh had been torn off by something sharp, but done inexpertly so it ripped rather than sliced. Perhaps a knife? No, there were the remains of multiple puncture wounds in areas. Almost as if they were from teeth... had this man been bitten?
Sherlock’s pace quickened as he approached the river, breathing becoming heavy as he practically ran to the waters edge. And there, trapped in the current, was a struggling John; head often disappearing under the water. Arms flailed about as he screamed, trying to be heard.
Mortified, John whimpered and pushed him away. "You... dick! Bloody bastard! Why would you cuddle with me when I'm
Of all the things, a river could have killed him.
Back upstairs, Mrs Hudson had turned on the television. A still groggy John and her were watching closely, as a young blonde woman babbled on about how this was unjust of Holmes to do such a thing and kill innocent people.
Instead of being angry - this wasn't his fault after all - John found guilt twisting into his chest. A whimper bubbled in his throat and he could hardly contain it. "M' sorry Sherlock.." due to his teeth still being unnaturally large in his mouth, his 's' was more of a 'th', but not overly noticeable either. What was noticeable was the fact his tongue was a violent red and quite swollen; with his new teeth he'd managed to bite it.
"I do believe the strange pile of dust was not ordinary dust,"
"Awe, he's cute," teased Irene. "New boyfriend?"
"The claw marks shouldn't splinter like that,"
he hissed. If anyone was to overhear this man and his psychotic screeching, his reputation would die. Although how long would it take the press to find an entirely dead street..? No, not long at all. Sherlock would have to work at a cheetah's pace to solve this and save everything he'd worked for. The man in his grasp mumbled that his wife was dead, again. Clearly in shock, as one would be. Sherlock wasn't in the mood for acting kind, however, and gave him a sharp kick. When his foot came into contact with the other's shin there was a revolting squelching sound, and the cuff of his trousers felt soggy.
She stood in stunned silence to see Sherlock and John on the sofa.
By the time they were ready to board their train, appearances were drastically different. Sherlock definitely had a reason to be worried earlier; he was dressed as an old man. Dark curls had been turned grey, and his clean shaven face was adorned by a wiry beard. With the art of makeup, he had emphasised wrinkles, sunken eyes, and more mellow features. Steely blue eyes still had the unmistakeable spark of youth, however. He could put on a good wobbly croaky voice, and force his hands to shake as if years of use had worn away at nerves quite convincingly. At first glance, nothing was suspicious about him. John had been decorated to look far younger than he was - or at least, someone attempting to look young. Hair was dyed black, making him look quite pale. Instead of layers of button up shirts, he had a leather jacket on, as well as faded jeans. To add to his appearance, he was chewing gum. John had never been overly fond of gum, but this time the strong flavour and scent made him feel fairly nauseous. Not that he told anyone, of course. Molly would not be joining them, and so there was no need for her to get her own look.
Molly gave an uncertain sigh, turning her head to look down. "I'm... not quite sure. But you can't stay here. We have at least a few days before Lestrade has to crack, so we'll plan and evacuate," the last part was mumbled slightly as she sucked in her bottom lip, looking around at the chaos. Everyone was everywhere, collecting notes and any evidence they had collected. This room would eventually be entirely empty, seeing as people were also packing up chairs for some reason. Sherlock nodded.
Hearing footsteps come from the hallway, she quickly covered her mouth with her hand. Cursing her breath for making such obvious hiccups, she waited for it to die down. Soon enough whoever it was passed out of earshot, meaning they couldn't hear her. A sigh of relief escaped her lips as tears were swept away. Where were the tissues? Her hand crept up the wall to flip the switch. Eyes that had adjusted to dark were rather overwhelmed with the sudden light, liking taking sunglasses off after a day at the beach. The room was uncomfortably silent. She put the television on to have some background noise as she roamed through drawers and boxes for something to dry her face with. However, her search quickly came to an end as a young blonde reporter in a tight black dress spoke a name that sparked her attention.
"Why would a mermaid leave trails of dead fish at a crime scene?"
To his horror, a whimper escaped his mouth before he could contain it.
Small details that only a true professional could pick up on. Some began theorising he himself wasn't human, but a quick DNA test put an end to those articles. The mystery of Holmes' excellence would stay just that.
Sherlock hesitantly entered the room again, peering around the corner. John was now sat up, eyes hazy and cheeks flushed ; clearly ridden with a fever. Still, he wasn’t swaying from side to side with nausea by now, which was good.
“Would you like some tea? I made some,” he blurted, not wanting John to fall asleep just yet. He needed fluids after he’d discarded all he had previously.
Mycroft rolled his eyes and gave him a sarcastic ‘You’ll regret it later!’ as he left 221B. Sherlock might as well regret it later, but he most certainly did not now. After a quick check on John, he went back to cleaning. The mess of foam had died down, and he cleaned it up. Thankfully, it had still worked, and there was no stain nor sour smell. He brewed some new tea and made sure not to entirely ruin it this time. He was still waiting for the tea to be ready when he heard a groan come from the sofa.
Sherlock found himself rolling his eyes again. "He's going to wake up with a fever,"
badly?!" he spun around with a contorted face, eyebrows pinched in annoyance. "The noise is giving me a headache. I can't take it anymore, John!"
Right now.
- he was embracing.
John. Staying warm would be more accurate. And you're the one who seemed blissfully unaware of your lack of clothing, anyway. And you aren't
Now she was hurrying away from her room, leaving the reporter to lie to the room instead of Molly herself. A certain clean labcoat caught air and floated behind her in a ghoulish manner as she stormed to the room with the runaways, begging that she wouldn't slip or fall in her heels. Bursting into the room, she hardly had time to process the scene in front of her before speaking. John was silently sitting in the same place he had before, tears streaming down his face again. Sherlock was perched in front of him, like an owl watching a mouse far below. Both Holmes and Hooper spoke at the same time.
Eyes struggled to adjust in the dark, as the two men went along at their very different paces. John had began feeling incredibly lightheaded again, leaving smudges of an obsidian darkness to swirl around like a whirlpool and taunt him. Shadows leapt to life and smirked, poking at this useless broken man with grey hair and a dead wife. He had no life to live anymore; just some help to solve a mystery. He was tempted to call out to Sherlock, hating being left behind and not wanting to be stuck. Even from so far away, he could hear the detective babbling to himself - although occasionally he said 'John'. Did he think he was there?
"I'm coming, I'm coming! I need a door left after this, so please don't break it," he muttered sarcastically, undoing the latch on the door. Violently it was thrown open as a grey haired man crashed into him, pushing him against a wall.
At this moment, a heaving noise came from the sitting room. Both heads turned to see John bent over on the floor, throwing up near pure water. Onto the carpet. Sherlock went and dragged him into the bathroom, as John slurred out apology after apology. He then did the same, but this time - thankfully - into the toilet. Sherlock simply pat him on the back and went to asses the mess. He lifted his hands and curved his fingers towards his palm slightly, looking uncertain. He didn’t want a stain on the carpet, nor a lingering smell, but he had no idea how to fix it. Concerning noises were still coming from the bathroom; choking, coughing, spluttering, groaning...
”That’d be nice, Sherlock,” mumbled John sleepily. His voice sounded oddly sweet, and he looked up at Sherlock with a small smile.
Despite already knowing this would happen, the two men looked surprised. Time had seemingly flew by as they worked, leaving the sudden announcement quite a surprise. They quickly put anything of value into a large suitcase as Molly lovingly stroked the doorframe. She had worked here for the past three years, working up her way to be the most important in the building. Now it was all gone. Or it would be.
John got fidgety and even paler,  having to eventually spit out his gum. Sherlock was too absorbed in reading some new case files they had been given. It discussed how people had died; blood loss or blunt force trauma was most common. Only a few had been killed instantly, leaving it a fact that this wasn't an expert. Some corpses were still missing; including Mary's, leaving his theory strong. He only noticed John didn't look all that well when he went to point out a few new details to him.
He clearly was inexperienced compared to whoever these were. Yes, two might have been wolves - actual wolves (maybe larger, but still) he noted, not whatever he'd been last night - but even the redhead, who was still in a more human form, ran with the same grace and ease as them; leaping over rocks, bounding up hills, sliding down ledges, dashing through leaves... and then there was John, a stumbling mess holding what felt like a dead-weight. Despite nearly crashing into a river, twisting his ankle, and falling down (multiple times), he felt a certain thrill - almsot at home. The wolf was running with him instead of against him, throwing it's head back and howling in his head. Everything was balanced instead of overwhelming.
The words didn't register in John's mind, he simply nodded and clenched his jaw shut in an attempt to keep his tongue away from the invasion of knives in his gums. They continued to trail along miserably, not having a clue where they were going. John needed more rest and food (and more clothing, but that wasn't on top of their list) and Sherlock most likely needed medicine. His fever was stable, but with the cold wind and threat of rain that might not be the case in a few hours. Currently, however, they could have none of this. They were stuck in some sort of woods, where crows continuously glared down at them with beady eyes. With a wolf crawling beneath the surface, John was irritated by them. He felt the need to growl and snap and chase them away - maybe even catch and eat them. It made him shudder; humanity was a thing of the past. Every noise was distracting, every smell like something was dangled in front of his nose.
Tomorrow will be the last daily chapter update! After that I'll try my best to post weekly :)
An awfully familiar one.
"Shut up!" Sherlock moved the man so that he was the one in control. "You need to calm down and
They had been given tickets and the simple instruction of 'don't seem like yourself'. Sherlock could do it quite easily, and everyone was aware of this, but John was something they worried about more. However, he could form quite a convincing American accent for himself, leaving himself safe from detection.
on the surface, tearing the seams, just hoping to get to the real fabric. It was clawing, making him itch. Sherlock placed a skeletal hand in his hair again, and
"Yes," he said through gritted teeth, eyes shut. "Of course it hurts,"
Sherlock looked around, confused. They seemed to be on land again. How had he not noticed? Had he blacked out? Perhaps that was why he had such a strange sort of.. vision. It sent shivers down his spine to the think of the image that remained bright in his mind, and he continued to shiver thanks to the cold wind of the night. Mumbling like an upset toddler, he reached out to the wolf that was busily licking at wounds.
Johns face reddened behind his hands, moving his fingers so that his eyes were visible. They widened in horror.
"She's most likely not dead," concluded the detective. "But what do... we do?"
John jumped, his lips curling back and revealing a mouthful of oversized and overly sharp teeth. Sherlock fell backwards, his head hitting the ground with a thud. In the shadows and the gloom a figure scurried away in a blur, followed by another. And another. Bouncing onto his feet, Sherlock watched as John crouched down, his spine showing through the shirt. Growls had been replaced with groans as he struggled not to - or maybe even to - shift.
Soft kind hands were now gone. No one to comfort or ground him; drag him back to where he should be. One last desperate cry was ripped away by someone -
. In his thoughts, John managed to sneak up on him.
From the abyss came a figure clad in gothic dress, leaping out to mask the unsuspecting Watson. A bag was forced over his head as he was dragged away, kicking and struggling despite knowing this was alright. Sherlock was next; ambushed from behind. It took two to get him down and hold him together - even then resulting in a hit to one's ribs. Drastic action had to be taken with the curly haired lunatic, and they were forced to put him to sleep with an injection to the side of his neck.
Clearing his throat and gaining his composure, he spoke. "My plan worked, as I thought." John huffed in response, placing him down beside a tree.
Bright red hair was quickly becoming dampened by the wind, and the other two were fidgeting - the treetops weren't quite as dense as they were in other areas, leaving less shelter. She held out a clawed hand, head tilting. A smile never crossed her face yet it was as if she were grinning. Looking down at Sherlock; a quickly whitening face in his lap, by now - he nodded, never taking her hand but accepting the invitation. They got up, John clutching onto Sherlock (still) and holding him bridal-style. His head was thrown back quite dramatically, showing off the water droplets that glistened on his neck. Deep curls were shining in the dim light, bouncing along happily. Not wanting his neck to snap, John adjusted the position to support him better.
John shook his head, giving a shaky sigh. Outside the gloomy weather was no comfort, a steady drizzle slowly evolving to a downpour. Sherlock decided not to press it, and just left him alone. Perhaps that was the first mistake of the night.
"Some could," he looked up from his notepad to see John. There were some clean cuts on his face, as well as tears in his clothes. Perhaps this part was true. But there was still doubt about this being a lycanthrope.
With wild arms, he coughed and spluttered, inhaling as much air as he could. "
Sherlock glared at him, pointing back downstairs. “Out,”
”Where’s John?”
Papers were scattered over a coffee table with coffee stains. Even some of the papers had developed the stain of a mug already. A group of people were busy picking them up, scanning over them with keen eyes, then placing them back down. Perhaps a few notes would be written, or someone would point something out. But overall it was mess. The police didn't seem to have much evidence, in all honesty. Blood had been cleaned away too quickly, fingerprints were covered with those investigating, not many pictures had been taken, many object that were suspicious had gone 'missing', and the bodies were still being analysed. Only a few had been identified - none being Mary Morstan, or Mary Watson as she was now.
with him recently? So many preventable situations had occurred thanks to
Sherlock Holmes, a young boy, had risen from the shadows and assessed various cases. His supernatural studies left every dangerous beings behind bars. A fine eye for detail meant that the difference between faked and true crimes by creatures of the night. Recent years left many officers stumped; was this a paranormal or human crime? Holmes could tell right away.
Hopefully gonna go for weekly updates? Dunno, school bites my ass.
"And were you bitten?" Molly said suspiciously. She didn't want a lycan in her facility, not with the full moon a few days away by now. John shook his head furiously, although he looked unsure. He was sure it hadn't bitten him - although it had nuzzled at flesh mischievously. What if it had? No, it couldn't have.
And now they were breaking down the door.
Sherlock was beside him, eyebrows quirked and hands in his pockets. "Claws, John."
Blue lights filled the windows and left Sherlock to stare in awe. Everyone believed he had done this. And that it was his own fault. His life had gone downhill in less than an hour.
Everywhere seemed quite quiet, startlingly so; a frigid air sweeping through hallways. Once, happy chatter would fill the air, friendly faces would bob along to their quarters. Yet in minutes all was gone. A graveyard, filled with souls that lay in silence. Seeing there was nothing much to do, Molly went and gathered her own things, sniffling silently.
Firstly, he poured too much of the powder onto the carpet. He only knew this after he tried scrubbing it, because it fizzed and bubbled alarmingly. It then began expanding and left a cloud of bubbles on the carpet. Which wasn’t what should have happened.
With innocent puppy eyes, he looked at him as if to ask what was funny. Cruel eyes smirked at him with an unspoken joke, like schoolchildren discriminating against that one child with cruel jokes behind their back. John gave an angered huff, ears flattening in humiliation. Ears flattening.
that?
Molly? Oh dear. Sherlock and Molly... they had history. As he did with Irene. They had gone further, however, but things ended messily one drunken night when Sherlock had admitted to preferring the vampire. No words had been spoken between them since. Unaware to himself, Sherlock had gulped and gone quite pale. Quizzically, John had raised an eyebrow, but not questioned the look on his face. Brushing curls back from his face, Sherlock tried sitting up again. It wasn't as dizzying of an experience like last time, so he stayed upright.
"Good thing it was cloudy today,"
Without trying he pushed into the sensation, whimpering (again) like a puppy wanting more. Mouth twisting into a grin, Sherlock began to pet him.
"Shit," he muttered, kneeling down and taking John's pulse. In about five minutes it would be non-existent.
This had been the murder of multiple, in places far and wide. They spread from London to English villages, even in some parts of Wales. He most certainly couldn't have foreseen anything on this scale. So why did they expect him to?
"What?!"
"Molly," he croaked. "It's... nice to see.. you?" he mumbled, at quite a loss for words. The detective wasn't quite sure as to what was appropriate at this time. Molly gave a hum, turning to send him a glaring glance as she walked somewhere more comfortable. A ponytail bobbed along with her, far friendlier than the head it lay on.
- all the little details, every movement, and the pain in his body sparked and ignited like a flame to gasoline. Clawing his way from the floor and to the window, teardrop glass cut at his shoes. Looking down, he saw a dark head of flattened curls bobbing along, then plunging down out of sight. He screamed, hands planting onto the window frame and into glass. Biting his lip at the sudden rush of pain it caused resulted in more bloodshed - since when where his teeth like a damned
Mrs Hudson returned to the house late that night; a round of bingo had ended in a fight between her and a new member. The old hag had dared to cheat in her field of view!
Two days passed. Most had left the premises, leaving a final few to put the evacuation plan to action. The building was to be burned; set up as an accident. Clues were to be left, some bodies that were already a few days old, maybe some science equipment, anything to make it look as a tragedy rather than a set up.
Holding the now unconscious Sherlock on his lap, John snarled at the three strangers that approached them. Wild matted hair with bright highlighter eyes and mud streaked cheeks accompanied by clothes of pelt tacked together with string got closer, peering at them with tilted heads. A bow was held in one's paws, arrows wrapped in leaves and sticking from a pack on his back. The furthest away from them gave a sharp toothed snarl, face contorting with the effort. They were quickly silenced by a returned snarl from the woman at front, who turned her attention back to John. They took next to no notice of Sherlock.
The damned bastard was smirking, as if this were all a game. John wished he could growl and tear his throat out. There was no way he'd fit through the window - there's no way he'd risk his life for a plan that may not even work -
of heeled boots. Ones all too familiar to Holmes. Molly appeared from the dark, a stormy look on a usually nervous face. Her lab coat was a pristine white, without a single crease; clearly brand new. Arms were crossed as her expression set firmer on her features.
And then he panicked. Crawling from the gloom, the light was coming back, he was there, he had hands and they were reaching out to be saved-
"Yep!" she swerved around a corner, leaving John to have his head smashed against the window. "He didn't tell just in case we weren't over each other. I'm over you, at least. Got a lady! Who needs men, eh?"
A shocked silence absorbed the room, mouths gaping open in hopes of saying something. But nothing was quite appropriate. Sherlock decided to clear his throat and adjust his scarf, straightening up at the same time. John was left to tremble as silent tears rolled down his face, while Molly blinked; seemingly frozen, almost.
Mrs Hudson opened the door and gave a gasp. Sherlock was holding John, who was now wrapped up in a blanket, but still rather soaked. She quickly let them inside and lit a fire, then gathered some towels for John. Shakily, he thanked her, teeth chattering. Sherlock went to the kitchen to make some tea, and Mrs Hudson followed.
Sherlock gave up with dragging and then picked him up, placing him on his chair and hoping that he wouldn't bleed on it. Groggily, the stranger looked around the room.
No, wait...
Sherlock asked where he lived, who his wife was, what had killed her... and so on. John mumbled his way through the questions, too tired to currently be grieving. Adrenaline had slowly faded, only to leave his body an aching mess of bruises and wounds. Possibly even broken bones in some places. He was a doctor, after all.
"Everything alright, Sherlock?" he asked, peering at the screen. Sherlock quickly made a move to cover it, frantically nodding his head.
The words made emotions well in his chest - none unpleasant. It was strange as to how 'pup' and 'cub' left him with entirely different reactions. He hadn't minded when Sherlock had called him a puppy, so why did 'pup' anger him? And wasn't cub what they called newborn wolves? He most certainly wasn't newborn - and he wasn't exactly alone either. Yet, why did the wolf make him nod his head pitifully?
It seemed that rumours had already spread far and wide. Reporters told their own theories and shouted for their cameramen to come closer. And that was when the famous Sherlock Holmes snapped and shut the door. Outside, the crowds continued to scream.
A low chatter filled the room once more, releasing the tension that once held everyone captive. Molly had no more questions to ask, and nothing more to tell, so she left John alone, knowing that Sherlock would want his own questioning later. She retreated to her own room; through empty hallways and perhaps the occasional face. Everyone seemed to know her, giving a friendly smile. She returned it, but quickened her pace with ever person she came across. Fumbling with keys, her door was swung open and slammed shut. The light switch remained untouched as she collapsed onto the floor and cried. Sherlock's face had brought out so many memories; memories buried deep into her library and hidden with lock and key. But the detective seemed to have that very key, the key she thought was gone forever. The walks in the park on cold autumn evenings, watching movies and laughing at Sherlock's over analysation of every scene, nights spent wrapped in each other's arms... and it had all been ruined one night when they'd had a little too much fun after a particularly difficult case. Well, she certainly knew another particularly difficult case; Sherlock Holmes. And no one could ever solve it.
"Temperature higher than normal, not to mention the fact I can feel you shaking. You're feeling the after effects of the full moon and a first transformation, you are not fine."
”John?” he called, voice bouncing off the walls and echoing back into his ears.
"Sherlock, turn around," said a familiar voice; stern and serious.
He removed the hand from his mouth, watching as pointed fingernails returned to blunt, chewed ones, whilst spitting into the grass. With a dry mouth and reeling head, he stayed where he was for a moment, just breathing. In and out. The taller man sighed, shivering slightly. A few stray droplets of rain crashed onto his head, making him growl.
Couldn't they just appreciate the work he'd done? The hardships he had faced all for them? No! A mass murder meant he could never be trusted with anything ever again. The people were all so.. so selfish! The handle was cold in his hands. A sharp clicking was to be heard as his hands trembled and opened the door.
Irene looked rather confused at this statement, but then took note of a scent she'd previously ignored. "Why didn't you clean the wound? It smells like dog," she grumbled, looking for a bottle of perfume from her pocket.
A mystery.
Sherlock simply laughed, a deep dark laugh. "I wouldn't call it
"No time for tea this morning," she sighed, slouching slightly. "You have to go. We all do. This place is getting burnt in a couple of minutes,"
"Did Greg know-?"
"Werewolf," he said firmly.
The car quite suddenly came to a halt. Sherlock looked puzzled.
They went home after a few more songs. Victor had left John to ponder on their conversation and joined his old friend on the dancefloor once more. But after around an hour of dancing and drinking, neither of them really felt like they wanted to remain at the bar, so they left. Victor kissed Sherlock on the cheek and waved at John when turning around to his hotel. Which left the two flatmates standing alone in the street. "Home?", John asked. Sherlock responded with a nod. It wasn't too far, so they walked.
Sherlocks hand was touching his lips. Sherlocks chest was pressed against his side. And Sherlocks leg was wrapped over John's. John only hoped that Sherlock would account his heart beating faster to the possibility of being caught, not the contact between their bodies.
They left the train and got their things. Sherlock and John stood facing each other, as around them everyone reunited with their families. Sherlock pulled John close and hugged him tightly. When they broke apart, John leant up to kiss him. Harry was now approaching her little brother and laughed in a surprised manner. They broke apart and Sherlock politely shook her hand. "Sherlock." "Harry." Behind her, Sherlock's mother approached. "Got to go", he said, giving Harry a quick smile before lifting his suitcases with his wand and following his mother. John looked after him as he disappeared into the crowd, only to see him turn around and come back to kiss John again. "Okay. Now goodbye." John's smile was wide. Harry's eyebrows almost met her hairline. "Oh shut up!" "I didn't say anything!", she defended herself. The two siblings grabbed his stuff and went towards the gate. John looked back into the crowd of families to spot Sherlocks curls somewhere in between. He didn't see him but he was talking to his mother with a smile on his face. John couldn't help but smile too. Maybe everything was going to be alright.
They entered a gay bar, probably one Victor and Sherlock used to go to (the thought of which made John bite his tongue) and sat down at the bar. Victor ordered himself a drink and John followed his example. Sherlock didn't, turning his attention towards the dancefloor instead. John took a sip from his drink when a new song began. And in what seemed like the blink of an eye, Sherlock next to him was gone. John wondered if his drink was that strong but Victor nudged him and pointed towards the dancefloor.
Dinner? -SH
It has been twenty minutes since Harry, Cedric, Fleur and Victor went in and Sherlock's teeth were clapping together. So John took off his scarf and tied it around the neck of his confused friend. And noone was to know he scooted closer to Sherlock, sharing a bit of his body heat.
Victor took his glass again and then smirked at Sherlock. "Alright. Wanna have sex in the bathroom?", he asked in a suave tone. John choked on his drink a little. Sherlock only frowned and deadpanned: "John is here." Johns voice was hoarse when he told them "Um, you guys can-" "If he wants to join...", Victor suggested sweetly. If John hadn't choked on his drink already, he definitely would have done so now. His face was completely red and the two burst out laughing. "Don't worry John, we're not going to-", Victor squeezed in between his laughter. Sherlock pulled himself together. "Just a conversation we overheard a few years ago. This guy was chatting up some other guy and we couldn't believe that it worked. They just introduced themselves and went into the bathroom." John was both relieved and sour at that admission.
Watson looked up, but Holmes wouldn’t meet his gaze.
“Who is it from?” she asked. “There wasn’t anything else on the envelope.”
“I didn’t say anything,” she said, and took the file.
“I think this is the last one.”
Rosie’s eyes hardened. “That is incredibly selfish,” she said.
Ellie coughed slightly, then took a step back and let her hand fall to her side. “I think I should see what my colleague is up to,” she said awkwardly and turned to leave.
“I know. It’s just...” Watson struggled, then heaved a heavy sigh. “Tell me what to do.”
She stood in front of Holmes, who was sitting on the sofa in Watson’s sitting room. He quirked one eyebrow at her.
Rosie scrunched up her nose, then shrugged out of her jacket and walked over to the kitchen. “Tea?”
Right at that moment there was a knock on the door. Rosie jumped up and hastened to the front door.
Watson turned around and gave a disbelieving laugh. “What do you want me to do? Give you a medal for giving a boy a bloody nose? You won’t even tell me why you did it.” His face became a bit softer when he said, “It’s not like you to be like this.”
Ellie only barely managed not to jump out of her chair when she heard Rosie speak up. Her voice was low, as if she was afraid to shatter the silence around her.
Katsuki perched on the arm of the chair. “This place must’ve been important to him.”
Watson head snapped up. “You mean she…?” He let the sentence hang in the air. Holmes didn’t say anything.
Watson made a tutting sound. “You mean grow old together.”
Sherlock didn’t say anything but kept staring, so John pressed on. “I think I was talking about me that night. Not about you. And that is awful, Sherlock, I know. I am an awful person. I preach but don’t act myself, I’m such a hypocrite. Always been one. But trust me when I say that I’ve always loved you, one way or another.”
They both looked at each other. Holmes’s face was set. Watson studied him, and soon enough the smile faded from his face. Something awkward was lying between them. Ellie thought if she had a knife, she might be able to cut the space between Holmes and Watson into tiny, palatable pieces.
“Only to rile him up,” Rosie said, and she exchanged an amused glance with Sherlock. As Mycroft turned around to argue about something with John, they secretly toasted and drank to their health.
They stood there in silence, and Ellie and Katsuki looked around awkwardly. Was this the end already? Had they missed the memento?
“Because you are both lonely as heck and I can’t watch my parents grow old and lonely while they could grow old and together.”
Watson calmly listened. His expression had changed; Ellie could tell. He no longer looked like he was about to throttle Holmes. Something else replaced it. It was longing.
“John, I’m sorry,” Sherlock said, his voice broken. “I’m so sorry.”
“I’ve rarely seen something like this,” Ellie said, looking at one of the book shelves. She could even make out most of the titles.
Then, there was the distinct sound of a phone receiving a text. Holmes grabbed his mobile from his pocket and scrolled through it.
“He didn’t want to go to a hospital,” she said, gripping the door handle but looked back at them anxiously. “I hope this isn’t inconvenient?”
John gave a relieved sigh. “I love you, Rosie.”
He looked at Holmes’s back, who was still playing his woeful melody. “Two intelligent people can be such idiots sometimes,” he sighed, then stepped up to stand next to Holmes. “By the way, I found our next memento.” He pointed at the violin, and Ellie sighed in relief.
He patted her awkwardly on the head, and she scowled at him. “I know you are lying! You are not here to see me, pa.”
“I feel bad,” Ellie confessed, looking down at her hands. She was playing with the hem of her lab coat.
“No,” Holmes said, not looking up from his phone. Watson nodded again.
Katsuki had managed to sit on the edge of his chair with anticipation, nearly falling off of it. Ellie grabbed his lab coat under the desk and held unto it.
A gravestone.
Holmes caught Watson’s eyes, and he shuffled back to stand inside the front door, looking down at his feet, his hands folded behind his back.
“Hey dad,” she said, walking over to her father and giving him a peck on the cheek. He smiled at her and put away his newspaper, just as she straightened up and looked around the flat. “Where’s pa – Sherlock?”
“Oh,” Holmes said, closing his eyes again. “No.”
John and Sherlock were sitting in their chairs in the middle of the destroyed flat at 221b Baker Street. The grey colours swirled around them, blurring the rubble with the torn books and blackened furniture. John was staring intently at Sherlock, who had his head thrown back and his eyes closed.
“Was he mean to you?”
Rosie held it out of his reach. Her frown deepened. “I found it lying on the front door when I came back.” she said, taking a few steps backwards when Watson made to take the CD again. “And it is addressed to me.”
Katsuki had turned around, too, his brows furrowed in confusion. “Oh,” he said, then looked back at Holmes. “Well, that explains one thing, but somehow it doesn’t explain why Holmes is unaware of Watson’s presence.”
“This is not about me,” he said, holding the file aloft. He met her gaze with fierce eyes. “I have to do this for Doctor Watson. I
“You know who I mean.” Watson put down his mug. He didn’t look at Holmes. “The Woman.”
Rosie nodded, then opened the door and led them inside.
They stood there in silence, watching the sky turn brighter, the first rays of sun crawling over the treetops and hitting their faces.
“Yes,” Holmes said, and they fell silent again. Watson kept watching Holmes, and Holmes continued staring out of the window.
Watson smiled, but looked away, studying one of the banners at the front of the room. Ellie couldn’t make out the words, but she noted that Watson only looked away to hide the tears swelling up in his eyes.
As John reentered the Great Hall alongside a few of his fellow Hufflepuffs, like 4th year Hannah Abbot, 5th year Molly Hooper, 6th year Cedric Diggory and his friendgroup, the Beauxbatons students were standing right in the middle of the room, unsure where to sit. John smiled friendly and in an attempt to wave that was forgotten soon after, raised his hand rather awkwardly. Some of the French boys and girls looked his way, a few smiling. Others smirking. Others expressionless. A curly haired boy with a pale skintone and remarkable cheekbones frowned. John shook his head at his own weird and embarrassing hand gesture and quickly got over to his table.
"I'm back at 221b and you're not here. Please come back."
"I'm sorry, okay? I don't know what came over me. We don't have to... Well. I promise you nothing has to change. Maybe you could just delete tha-"
"And you two...", John started, not sure where his sentence was going. "Old friends", they answered simultaneously. "We met at uni. Both pretty young for it. Used to do just about everything together. But we moved apart, quite literally since Sherlock didn't want to live in Paris." Sherlock hummed at that. "It was fun for a while. But London is better", was his remark on their story. "But we see each other every once in a while. Isn't that right, Willy?" Sherlock groaned while Victor cackled. "Christmas 09", they explained in sync, Victor amusedly and Sherlock in horror. "Your mother is such a blast", Victor snickered. "Were you still together back then?", John asked cautiously. "God no. We were never 'together' ", Sherlock answered. Victor nodded. "Too much work, too many feelings and whatnot. Relationships are complicated." "This", Victor said, while moving a finger in between him and Sherlock, "is easy." John nodded, not really understanding anything.
When he left the Great Hall, the dark-haired boy with the confusing eyes he'd been looking at also approached the door. John held the door open and the boy slipped through. "Listen,"John called after him, determined to make things right immediately. He let the phone fall into his pocket. "Apologies for that, it was a bit weird, I just... you look like someone I knew..." The boy frowned. Then he let his gaze wander, staring at John intently, as if he were scanning him. "Hmmm... Afghanistan or Iraq?", he asked after a few moments. John's eyes nearly fell out of his head. "Sorry what?" The boy's frown deepened even further. "Your father. Which one was it, Afghanistan or Iraq?" John's face showed wonder and confusion. "Afghanistan... sorry, how did you-" the pretty girl that sat next to him during dinner interrupted them by walking right through the middle of the doorway, blocked by the two faster eaters who decided to leave early. She hooked her arm into his and dragged him along. "It went splendidly. For a first conversation that is-" John couldnt hear the rest of what the girl said as the two of them disappeared at what seemed to be light speed compared to Johns apparent inability to move at all.
Everyone was sent to their dorms. Moody was taken to the Great Hall and tied up. Only the Champions, including the now conscious Fleur and Viktor, Sherlock, John and the teachers were still present as Moody's potion wore off. Snape stepped forward and forced the man to swallow Veritaserum. They questioned him and the truth came out. The students were brought to the hospital wing by McGonagall, who then rushed off to assist in the search of Moody's chamber to find the real Alastor.
Once he was done, it was already dark outside. He had no idea how late it was. Probably after dinner though. So he turned in for the night. Laying in bed, he thought about John some more. But he didn't come to any conclusion so Sherlock went to sleep instead.
the next chapter will include their first case (asip ofc) and perhaps the tournaments first task. we'll see. oh and please don't be too mad at me for the whole irene/sherlock misunderstanding. I just thought it would be wayy to funny. oh and I will include more Irene/Cho, especially flirting-wise
(See the end of the chapter for
Soon enough, Sherlock went for another dance, leaving a very awkward John alone with his old (boy?)friend. Victor took the place Sherlock had just left. "You're in love with him, aren't you?", he asked John. John's jaw fell open. "Just... you seem to hate me whenever you're reminded of me posing a competition of sorts. Don't worry, though. I'm not taking him away from you." John gasped, scrambling for a defense. "I'm not trying to come between the two of you.", Victor repeated. "Sherlock and I are just friends.", John said lamely. "Yes, but you want more than that, don't you?" John was stunned.  "For being a genius, Sherlock is pretty stupid if he didn't see that yet", Victor joked. John was staring at his shoes. "I can see the way you look at him. And the way he looks at you." At that John looked up. "Sherlock isn't-" "Sure he is. You're perfect for each other, the two of you. Both entirely oblivious", Victor declared.
"Youre a rubbish kisser!"
Sherlock turned around to see a boy, roughly their age grinning at them. "Jim?", John asked in wonder. Sherlock's eyes widened. It was Molly's boyfriend. "What are you doing here?", John asked him. "I could ask you the same thing." Sherlock raised his wand at the Durmstrang boy, who reciprocated the action. "You." Jim smiled. "Me. When I heard you were here I just couldn't help but get closer." "That's why you dated Molly", Sherlock realised. "Yeah. And playing gay. Did you catch the bit with the underwear?", he asked, still smiling. "Playing?" Sherlock raised an eyebrow. Jim rolled his eyes and laughed. "So you are as good as they say. Then why did it take you this long?" Sherlock's jaw tightened. "I was occupied." Jim raised his eyebrows. "I'm sure you were." Sherlock frowned at tge implication. John was just confused. "He's an accomplice. He imperiused Viktor. He helped Moody and..." Sherlock stopped. Jim pulled back the sleeve of his wand-arm. John's heart seemed to set out. "Voldemort", he whispered. Jim smiled contentedly. "I took Delacour and Krum out already. Was hoping to find the Potter-boy here but this is just as good." Then they started throwing spells. John and Sherlock were stronger together but Jim was surprising. He was taught well in the Dark Arts and trained in combat. He must've realised he didn't have the upper hand so suddendly there was an explosion in between them. John and Sherlock were thrown back through another wall in the maze.
When the song was over Sherlock went and held out his hand for John to take. "Me?" Sherlock just gave him a disappointed glance. "Yes, you." The 'obviously' didn't even need to be said aloud at this point. John shook his head and let out a strangled laugh. "I can't, no. Sit down." Sherlock did as requested. "I thought you wanted to, judging from the way you were staring at me." John almost choked on air. "I wasn't... Just... just wondering where you learnt to dance like that. Did you do that as a hobby or...?" "Ah. Well maman taught me. She thinks that it is a skill any young man should possess." John nodded, looking straight ahead. "Or woman for that matter, she taught Irene one summer." At that John internally winced with discomfort from being so harshly reminded of Irene but tried his hardest to not let it show on the outside. He couldn't tell whether Sherlock noticed or not. Then the song ended. "I want to catch another dance, this is fun. Do you mind?", Sherlock then asked. "Not at all!" And Sherlock was on the dancefloor again. 'Sweet how considerate he'd been', John thought to himself. 'Wait, not sweet of course'. John sighed. This was hard enough in real life, arguing with himself over it was getting exhausting.
Sherlock was disappointed. He planned it perfectly. Stayed in the common room as long as John wanted, went to the dorm and asked him there, preferably by the window with the moonlight. That's considered romantic wasn't it? That was the plan. But it didn't work. While browning his egyptian scarab beetles, he sensed John's discomfort whenever the ball was mentioned. Perhaps his plan was falling apart. When ome of the girls brought up the ball again and John looked at him though, he couldnt hep but feel a bit of hope. So, he set his plan into motion. Following him up to the dormitories, Sherlock stood cluelessly in the doorway when John immediately sat down on his bed. Should he sit down too? But John motioned in the general direction of the window and told him to "help himself". So Sherlock did. He felt the nervousness bubbling inside of him. These feelings were getting rather ridiculous. "About the ball...", he started. But he wasn't sure how to ask John. Should he just go for it or should he say something beforehand. Maybe he could also offer John some dancing lessons or...But John scoffed in dismay. As if he knew what was coming and already disagreed. And suddendly Sherlocks idea shattered. Sherlock realised that John didn't want to. 'Alright then, no need to be upset', Sherlock thought, trying to keep his emotions at bay. "What about it?", John wanted to know. Did he really not know? Or was he just pretending to so Sherlock could humiluate himself? But this was John, he wouldn't want to humiliate Sherlock. On the other hand, Sherlock had also not anticipated a reaction that negative without even having posed the question. Sherlock couldn't decide on what to do or say. So when the broom came it was quite a relief. "Goodnight"
"What do you want, Sherlock?
Christmas was fine. Sherlock was a bit bummed. Mycroft's presence and John's lack of presence worsened his otherwise fairly good mood. He was happy to see his mother. Christmas was tedious, sure. But he was able to tend to some of his experiments in his room, a tentaculus plant where he used bubotubler juice to water the plant, the felix felicis that had been brewing for about six months now and the collection of materials that had rapidly grown as Sherlock emptied his pockets.
One day, Greg Lestrade came to 221B to get Sherlock for a case. He hadn't answered his texts and it was urgent. He walked into the flat and saw Sherlock, his back turned towards Greg, in the kitchen. But he wasn't alone. Sherlock was hugging a shorter man from behind. Greg stopped in his tracks. Was this Sherlock's roommate? Did Sherlock have a boyfriend?
After John had finished a transfigurations essay, they headed down to the Great Hall. The second feast in two days only was just as glorious as the one the day before, especially with the carved pumpkins elevating the Halloween spirit. John felt two feasts im two days didn't give the feasts time to be appreciated thoroughly, but sat down nonetheless. When just about every student was seated, listening to Professor Dumbledores words, he felt a tap on his back. He turned around. It was Sherlock. "Move.", he whispered. John, surprised, moved to the side. He stared at Sherlock incredulously. "What are you doing?" Sherlock set his plate, goblet and cutlery onto the table. "Eating, obviously", Sherlock replied and loaded some Shepherd's pie onto his plate. "No I mean here" "I'm not competing, that's for sure. But I have new faces to deduce, a new school to look at and a year to decide whether I want to-" "At this table." "Oh. Well I wanted to sit next to you. Talk to you. If its not okay, I'll just..." Sherlock slipped out of the bench, levitating the stuff he brought with him. John grabbed Sherlocks wrist amd pulled him back down. "No its fine. Im happy you're here, just wondering why... I thought you guys had to sit at the Ravenclaw table." Sherlock snorted "No, I guess that someone just wants to get into Chos pants" John was confused but shrugged it off. "Sherlock, I have a question." "Hm?" Sherlock had his mouth full. "Why did you leave me in the library?" "Sorry, Irene found me and dragged me off. I tried to stop her but..." He made an unreadable hand gesture. "So Irene is your... the girl with the black hair, she sat next to you yesterday, right?" "Yes." John loaded more food onto his plate and continued eating. "And she's okay with you sitting here?" "Yes, she's happy to sit at the Ravenclaw table and waved me off after I promised her to eat something." "Promised her to..." "Oh right. Food is just transport. But it slows my thinking down. Yesterday I wanted to be extra on top to deduce all the new people and I forgot to eat so she thought that was... not good".
Sherlock stepped out of the large fireplace into the living room. Irene and him bumped together. They then brushed it off and left their things on the ground next to the fireplace to look for their relatives. The first they found was, unfortunately, Mycroft. "Well hello brother mine, hello Irene." "Hi", Irene answered, Sherlock only scoffed. "Where's maman?" Mycroft pointed behind himself. "She's been trying to get me to eat her biscuits", he added. "As if you'd need any help in getting fat", Sherlock said while brushing past his brother. Irene surpressed her giggle.
Sherlock was bored. Apparently John didnt want anything to do with him anymore. He thought about going to the room in his mind Palace again to perhaps demolish it since nothing would ever become out of it. But somehow he couldn't bring himself to it. Instead he shifted his attention on simething else. Like Irene's extremely obvious flirting attempts Cho didnt seem to quite catch on. Or like right now, reduced to a blushing mess, react quite intensely to. Irene literally winked at Cho. Who giggled in turn. Not totally dull. But not John. A propos John... He was standing right next to him. Sherlock snapped out of his thoughts.
At some point John had joined him the couch. After he'd calmed down they were able to fall back into their usual easy conversation again. John was just glad that the exams were over and enjoyed spending time with Sherlock that wasn't spent studying. "Are you excited for the summer?", Sherlock asked him. "Hmm, I haven't really thought about it. I'll probably go to my sister. I'm not going back to my parents." John had told Sherlock about what had happened o Christmas a few months ago so Sherlock nodded in understanding. "You could visit me." "What, at Holmes manor? With French family and Irene?" Sherlock laughed but then looked at him in earnest. "Yeah." And John's heart just about exploded again. "Hmh. Sure." Sherlock then started talking about his house and all the things they could do during the summertime. "I could teach you horseriding. Or we could go swimming. Maybe row in a river nearby. You probably haven't done any of these, growing up in a city. It's so different out there on the countryside. More peaceful. More beautiful. At some point I'll retire there. Maybe have a few bees." John laughed. "And get married to a beekeeper?" "Who knows. I'll be a beekeeper. I don't know about marriage yet." "Fair enough", John huffed. "We could move in together. After school I mean. Not necessarily on the countryside." When John didn't answer, he immediately added "Just an idea." "I won't even see you next year." He sounded small and sad. "Of course you will." John looked confused. "I'm transferring to Hogwarts. So is Irene. You're no getting rid of me that easily." And at that moment John swore he could kiss him. But he pulled himself together and smiled instead. They left late that night, both retiring to their respective dorms.
"I thought Victor told you and you were pitying me, or playing some cruel joke."
the next chapter will be action and plot and ~relationship development~. I'm aware this was not very organised or important but tbh I just wanted this chapter to get over with after having writers block with this fic... but im back :D
The exam stress seemed to affect Molly most, who one day was found crying in her, according to Sherlock, gay boyfriend's arms after Transfiguration. Sherlock had only voiced his concern to John, not sure of it was a decent thing to say. He tried to be nicer. For John.
"John!"
also im sorryyyy that its taking so long, I'm just not really that motivated. the chapters are also getting longer and I dont want to disappoint after 1 month with a short chapter....
"I know, that's why I ran to yell at Victor."
And so, about five minutes later, John climbed out the window, fully dressed. He settled on his broom and with a "Colloportus", sealed the door. They descended into the general direction of London. It was cold but Sherlock flew close to him and regularly cast new warming spells on them since they seemed to wear off after a certain time.
John sat down and thought about Sherlock. He was seeing him in a whole new light. "Ahem", he heard from before him. He was so focused he didnt realise someone approaching. It was the very boy that John was thinking about. "Fancy a dance?" He just took the hand and let himself be led onto the dancefloor.
When the smoke cleared, Jim was gone. They heard a 'zap'. "He can apparate.", John said, stating the obvious. "But where to?", Sherlock asked mostly himself, absentmindedly helping John up. "Maybe another corner of the labyrinth?", John suggested. "We would've heard a second sound." They were now walking back towards the place they'd last seen Jim. "This whole thing was planned, wasn't it?", John asked. Sherlock nodded. "Maybe there's another location." "The cup is a portkey!", Sherlock finished. "Cedric and Harry are in danger!", John added. "We have to find them!" They were running through the maze now, passing Fleurs and Viktor's lifeless bodies on the ground. John sent up red sparks and they continued, running into a pathway illuminated by blue light. The portkey was right in the middle and around it were Harry and Cedric, both reaching for the cup just as Sherlock shouted "No!" and then "Accio!". The cup was starting to spin and yanked the two boys holding it right towards Sherlock and John, who grabbed onto it as well.
They were now running on the outside of the maze. "There's something wrong here. Notice how he always drinks from his own flask? And how we've seen him near the potions facilities? Snape accused Harry but it was Moody who stole. Boomslang skin. He's brewing polyjuice potion", Sherlock explained while running. "What?", John exclaimed, slightly out of breath. "Something's going to happen here. The maze, he designed it. He must've rigged it." Sherlock suddendly stopped running. "We have to warm them." John bumped into him. "Diffindo!", Sherlock shouted. Immediately, the side of the maze opened. They stepped inside. Sherlocks head whipped around, trying to find a way. Behind them, the maze closed again. "Magical maze, of course", John snorted. Sherlock gave him a weak smile and then grabbed his hand again, pulling him leftwards.
However, he did not anticipate to see the boy from yesterday again. Said boy locked eyes with him rather sooner than later and scrambled out of his seat. Sherlock, neither wanting to get beat to a pulp nor get sent back to Beauxbatons for causing a scene followed his natural instinct and fled.
Of which he was awoken in the middle of the night when someone knocked at the window. John tried to ignore it at first but after a few sets of knocks he left his bed and went to the window and checked. Sherlocks face looked even paler in the moonlight. He opened the window. Sherlock and his broom entered the room. "What are you doing here?" "Pshhhh" Sherlock raised a finger to his lips. When John started to speak again he 'pshh'ed again. John gave him an annoyed glance and so Sherlock started explaining. "The case! I just got invited for a case! Its a robbery so not entirely urgent, but a great way to impress and establish myself!" He was brimming and positively glowing with happiness. "Great but you came all the way out here to tell me this?" Sherlock looked confused. "Yes?" John couldn't help but smile. "So when-" "I'll fly to London soon so I'll be there in the morning. Tomorrow its Sunday. I can spend the day there and return in the evening." John nodded. "That's... amazing, have fun." Sherlock fidgeted. "That's... listen i was wondering... would you- do you want to come with me?" With that he caught John completely off guard. "I... uh" A silence ensued. Sherlocks eyes were piercing into his, trying to read his thoughts or so it seemed. "Yes!", John finally said. "If you want me to that is." Sherlock nodded. "I reckon you dont need any more sleep?" Before John answered, Sherlock already said:"Get ready, ill be waiting for you outside the window."
And the headmasters bright blue eyes also pierced into Sherlock with wonder. "We found her on the school grounds. Sherlock had this great idea to expose her and it worked.", Hermione explained. "Is that so?", Dumbledore asked, eyes still on the Beauxbatons boy. "Yes. She's an animagus. A beetle. Unregistered, obviously", Sherlock explained. "Obviously", Dumbledore repeated. "Sir, what are we going to do?", Harry wanted to know. Dumbledore finally looked away. "I'm going to take care of it. Worry not." "Can you tell us what's going to happen?", John asked. "All you need to know is that she won't be bothering you any more."
They arrived in London at about 7 AM. Sherlock hailed a cab immediately and they were driven to Scotland Yard. "I wish to speak with D.I. Gregston.", Sherlock told the receptionist with the highest authority he could muster, or so John thought. The detective arrived a few minutes later. She was pretty young, most likely in her twenties and offered Sherlock a brief smile. "Alright. You get to look at the crime scene and do whatever you need to do, no touching though, and afterwards you tell me. I better hope this works, otherwise I'm beheading your brother.", Gregston explained. "There'll be a line." The policewoman chuckled. She eyed John with suspicion but decided against saying anything. They then went to the scene of the robbery. John was honestly a bit nervous. He felt like he wasnt supposed to be here. "What do you say, John?" "Well it must have been a younger person. All the things that are missing are decidedly not adult-related." Sherlock nodded. "Most likely male, around 19-22 id say..." And as he continued to ramble off deductions, John just couldn't help bit stare at him in marvel. In the end he closed the case in less than thirty minutes. They stayed for another 20 minutes for the paperwork to be done and with a "I'll call you the next time i need your help" from the D.I. they were dismissed. Sherlock was actually grinning as tgey descended the stairs. "Care for a bit of food?", he then asked John. And John could just nod.
Sherlock felt like he was walking on eggshells. Not in a literal sense of course. Just around John. After they've returned from the case in London he'd been thinking about the nature of their relationship and, as unusual as it was, he did not come to any conclusion whatsoever. While Sherlock was sure he had feelings for John, he could not imagine what John was feeling for him. And he was figuring it out at a snail's pace. In the areas he would usually feel most confident in his deduction, he failed with John. At first Sherlock thought his abilities were fading. But everyone else's attractions were clear to him, he immediately knew who was dating, who wanted to be dating who, where jealousy reeked and where only mutual disgust laid. But with John he didn't have a clue.
"I would never do that!"
The night before the first exam, Sherlock came to John's common room, where they revised everything needed for the test. Because there were other Hufflepuffs, they only occupied one couch. Sherlock had not slept the night before and John had gotten up very early that day so it was no surprise to anyone that the two fell asleep right then and there. Sherlock was functioning as a pillow for John, who was snoring lightly. The other Hufflepuffs were used to having Sherlock around by now and didn't mind seeing them nap together.
Sherlock looked devastated. "What? I did not predict that!" John was stumped. Harry stood up, looking pale as ever, and slowly walked up the Great Hall like it was his own funeral march. Not even Dumbledore smiled. After Harry they soon entered the chamber too, sending the other students away. Most of them stood up and left, John amd Sherlock being some of the last one to get up. "John, this may sound crazy but..." John stared at him sideways. "I dont think Harry put his name in." "Sherlock, what makes you say that? Harry's name got spit out of the goblet. Surely he must have found a way to cheat. Anything else doesnt make sense." "No, that's the conclusion most would draw. The other possibility, seemingly unlikely but much more probable than the 'obvious' ", he highlighted that word by mimicking apostrophes with his fingers, "conclusion, is that someone older put his name in without Harry's knowledge or consent. Did you not see Harry's face, posture or surprise? Someone is forcing him to do something he doesn't want to do." "Are you sure? What if he acted?" Sherlock gave him a 'Really?' look. "He has no motive. And that wasn't acting. I mean do you actually think that someone who has been in no less than four life threatening situations, quidditch non-included, would willingly enter a tournament in which people have died before? And its not because he seeks fame, because he doesn't. Have you seen him? He's famous by birth but his upbringing taught him to not be affected by that. He doesn't want the fame and he doesn't want to die.", Sherlock tattered down, now breathless. John considered that. "I know it's your emotional impulse, Cedric is your friend and not the attention he deserves is shifted towards a boy already dripping of said attention. But please remain logical so we can get to the why." John breathed in and out deeply. "Youre right, you're absolutely right!", he admitted. "that was amazing", he then muttered. And is Sherlock, before continuing to talk again, straightened up the tiniest bit and smiled a little, neither of them would mention it. "So why..." "Well why? Does someone want Harry to die? Or to get the money? Or the attention?", John asked Sherlock. Sherlock, having his hands folded unter his chin, then said "Haven't the faintest. Tomorrow." John nodded and they parted ways.
"Where are we going?", John asked to fill the silence. "Restaurant we used to frequent a few years back", Victor answered dutifully. John nodded, trying not to picture Sherlock and Victor on a dinner date.
Sherlock sunk into the hospital bed. McGonagall hadn't even reprimanded them. Yet. He turned to John, whose bed was next to his. "Thank you for saving me." John let out a quiet laugh. "Thank you as well." Sherlock smiled. "On the graveyard..." He gulped. "I froze. I didn't know what to do. But you pulled me up. Your quick thinking saved me. And not to mention Harry and Cedric." "I was almost too slow." John had goosebumps just from remembering. "We made it. Thanks to you." Sherlock reached over the gap in between their beds and grasped John's hand.
Sherlock, evidently pleased by this development, dipped his partner, who laughed. Then he pulled him back up. And while Sherlock put his suit jacket on, Greg asked "And who are you?" "I'm John", the man replied. "And you?" "Greg Lestrade." They shook hands. John had a warm smile and a firm grip. Sherlock gently nudged Johns head towards him, briefly kissed him and then stepped away. "Have fun, you git", John called after him. "Promise I won't be late for dinner", Sherlock shouted back while walking down the stairs. "Certainly hope so", John answered. And Lestrade just scratched his head, nodded at John and exclaimed:"I'd better go after him." "Yes, good luck. It was nice meeting you!", John answered. They smiled at each other and Greg left as well.
Victor was staring at him in amusement, reading his face perfectly. Eventually John sighed. "You're not wrong..." "Duh!", Victor threw in. "I haven't even come to terms with it myself. I don't...." John huffed, hiding his face behind his hands. "I'm not good at this. Emotions, I mean." Victor carefully placed a hand on his shoulder. "For what it's worth, I think you'll manage. And Sherlock's a keeper. I would give you the whole 'Don't hurt him or I'll obliterate you' speech, but I'm sure Mycroft can do that a lot more effectively than me." John started protesting: "I would never-" "I know." Victor smiled encouragingly. He patted John's shoulder again and John thought that maybe, maybe Victor wasn't so bad.
On the train back home the Monday after, Sherlock and John were holding hands. Their compartment was full of their friends, who brightened the soury, bad mood caused by Voldemort up with lots of sweets and magical games like Exploding Snap. Sherlock and John played a few rounds but mostly sat back, leaning into their seats and each other, enjoying the last bit of each others company before the summer break separation. When the train arrived at the station, John asked:"You'll write, won't you?" Sherlock nodded. "We have to visit each other. I don't think I can take the entire summer without you." "Neither do I." Greg made fake vomiting noises in the background, at which Cho laughed. "They're just romantic!", Molly sighed and then yelped as Stella elbowed her. Mike laughed at that. "I just know he's going to be unbearable during the summer!", Irene exclaimed and everyone apart from Sherlock laughed at that.
And Sherlock turned out to be correct. A few days later, him and John sat in the Arena, Molly and Mike next to them. Sherlock found them to be less irritating than most people even though Molly seemed to have a crush on him. Mike was quite alright. His girlfriend Stella was an excellent beater and had shown him the proper way to handle his bat a few days prior. Cedric, Fleur, Victor and Harry did the job. Not necessarily in the most effortless way, but they managed. Cedric's transfiguration was good in theory but not perfect in execution. Fleur's sleeping spell was passable at best. It was probably the nerves, back in Beauxbatons he'd seen her cast much better ones. Sherlock almost facepalmed when Krum cast a blindness spell. Over a week of preparation and this was the best he could come up with? Harry's performance was clever, although he was sure he didn't come up with it himself. John was cheering for all of them, concerned about the injuries and positively glowing in the light of the fire. Sherlock couldn't help but sigh. "That boring?" John laughed. Sherlock shrugged. Johns attentions turned back to the field and Sherlock tried his best to shield his facial expression from him, as he was beginning to blush furiously. Oh damn, this was already getting hard to hide.
Magic? -SH
"John", he let out, not sure how to articulate the thousands of thoughts filling his head. John was cheering for Krum and didn't directly look at Sherlock. "What is it?", he asked half-heartedly in between cheers. "John!", Sherlock repeated. Now John spared him a glance. "Sherlock?" But Sherlock just grabbed John's hand and pulled him up and away from their seats. John protested and tried to stay back but Sherlock insisted. "What are you doing? Why-" "Ssshhh!" John finally followed him, having understood the message Sherlock's sharp tone tried to send. When they had escalated the staircase, Sherlock ducked under one of the stands. "Sherlock what are we-" "Moody!", Sherlock just whispered and glanced at the Professor from underneath the seats. "I can't believe I've missed it all year." John asked, much louder than Sherlock: "What about him?" And Sherlock pressed a hand to Johns mouth as means to shut him up but there was already rumbling above them, someone had heard them. So Sherlock pulled at John's hand again, which he hadn't let go and the two escaped. In their hurry, they didn't notice Molly Hooper call after her boyfriend, who abruptly left his seat.
"I'm sorry, John.", Harry apologized. They were sitting in her flat eating a Christmas-worthy feast: biscuits and crisps. "It's not your fault." She shook her head. "I shouldn't have stopped by." To that John shook his head. "It's Christmas eve." He didnt know how much he should talk to his sister. She wasn't exactly reliable. "You actually texted me for a bit.", she then said timidly. "Well the net at Hogwarts is weird. You'd probably be better off sending me owls.", John replied stiffly. "Thank you. Not only for the texting but also for that back there." Neither of them were good with words. "John, i hope that you know that i love you and that im there for you" He tried not to but let out a surprised laugh. "I know i havent in the past but im trying to now. I've been clean since August. I went to rehab. And i have a job. I'm really trying and i want it to work. I dont want to lose you." He looked straight into her eyes. "I know. I dont want to lose you either. And i know its hard for you. With mum and dad and Clara and everything." She attempted a small smile. "Its not easy for you either. Text me when you're gone again? If you want you can stay here in summer. Instead of at their place i mean." He nodded.
John let out an audible breath. "The boggart", John started. "We don't have to talk abou-" "No, I want you to know." Sherlock turned to look at him. "My father." "Chronic Alcoholic", Sherlock observed. "Christmas was..." John never finished that sentence but he didn't need to. "Next time come to my place." "I was at my sister's. It wasn't perfect but... I know she is trying and she's all I have left." "I'm sure you can bring her." "A muggle?" Sherlock shrugged. "I missed you at Christmas", Sherlock huffed. "Me too." "And I'm going to miss you this summer." Sherlock's hand squeezed John's. John didn't know what to say to that. Sherlocks hand loosened in his. It slipped up, a finger probing at his pulse point. "Move", Sherlock whispered. "What?" Sherlock sat upright in his bed and his legs came out from under the covers. He motioned John to move over. Which he did.
I hope you enjoyed it. feedback much appreciated <3
John arrived at the train station and was picked up by his mother. She immediately hugged him. "John. I can't believe you're home, I've missed you!" She pressed kisses to his cheeks. John smiled at her. Her eyes had dark circles under them and her eyes were tired. "I've missed you too, Ma"
Sherlock laid flat on his back, eyes fixed on the ceiling. What had he been thinking? John must've thought he'd tried to make a move on him. This was neither the right place nor time. He let out a deep breath. Then he heard it. The noise. It was a quiet sizzling sound. Almost like a hiss. Johns breath stopped. And his hand found Sherlock's. Sherlock was surprised but squeezed the hand. He then pulled John upright, climbing out of the bed and onto the floor. Their hands had seperated. Sherlock was now leaning against the wall, kneeling on the floor. John was right next to him. There was the noise again. Instinctively they joined hands. It got louder. And they now both saw the passage. And Sherlock slammed his wand in and cast the spell "Expulso" and centered it into the passage so that a wave of pressure was sent through it. Moments later the hissing sound was heard once again and a strangled moan of pain was also audible. Sherlock tugged John up, hands still locked. They opened the door and went from the hallway into the room next to them.
Sherlock really was an incredible dancer. While John was trying his hardest not to trip over his friend's feet, Sherlock kept up a light conversation, informing him about the people abandoned by their dates and all the other interesting things occurring.
One evening in the common room, Molly told them about how even Phillip Anderson got a date. He convinced Sally to accompany him. John groaned at that. He never really liked the boy but recently, after he had insulted Sherlock when finding out about his deductive abilities, John had a deep and passionate hatred for the Gryffindor. Sherlock didn't seem to mind though. He only added that they were dating in secret for a while. Sherlovk then turned back to the fireplace and continued roasting the bugs he apparently needed for an experiment. John, Molly and Mike went back to talk about something else instead. At some point a few of their fellow 5th year Hufflepuffs, Bill, Alex, Sarah and Joana joined them. Bill and Alex talked about the terribly unfair cancelling of quidditch, a topic the boys discussed every now and then, until Joana told them she'd just been asked to the dance. A Slytherin boy named Aaron. John knew him only vaguely but he didn't seem to be an arsehole like the Pureblood supremacists Slytherin had to offer. With the topic being brought up again John lost interest in the converation and looked over to Sherlock grilling his bugs. He looked weirdly calm and happy. John then looked over to Sarah, perhaps she was still am option. He'd liked her in fourth year and they were friendly enough for it not to get weird. Except that she already had a date. Bill Murray sitting next to her. At that point he decided to give up on the ball once and for all and to retire for the night. "Alright, I'm going to turn in for the night", he announced to the group. "Wait", Sherlock now said, gathering his supplies and roasted insects. "I'm finished too, I'll fly out of the window of the dorm, it's much faster and honestly less risky than running through the corridors past curfew." "Yeah mate, you don't want to run into Filch or his cat", Mike warned. "Mrs Norris is vicious!", Alex now said. "I wonder whether they'll dance together!", Bill added which ensued in laughter from the group.
He was tall, slender and handsome. Musclier than Sherlock. His skin was light brown and his hair was lighter and shorter and curled more tightly than Sherlock's. He had a squarer jaw and bushier eyebrows. He was conventionally attractive. John saw how Sherlock was attracted to him. But then again he didn't. What happened to 'Married to my Work'? Then steps behind them were heard. Sherlock. "Where-", he started but was interrupted by Victor. "On the counter!" He pointed at the teacup. Sherlock took a sip. And then apparently downed the whole cup in one go, since he could be heard smacking his lips together as he went over to the sofa. There was a slight limp in his walk. "John, Victor. Victor, John."
this is the last chapter. ive finished this fic. might go around tweaking the previous chapters a little because let's be honest I'm not that good at writing hahah
And then Sherlock explained to him that he'd gotten a personal client. A former Beauxbatons student who had gotten taken out of school after the death of her sister had sent him an owl. She was scared and suspected to be murdered, just like her sister. Not knowing what else to do, she remembered Sherlock and written to him immediately. After the fireplace had let off a little steam and a few sparks, Sherlock also enchanted the floo powder. "Repeat my words." Then Sherlock called out "Stoke Moran". John did as he was told and the two were transported to a living room. A girl about 3 years older than them was sitting impatiently in front of the fire, desperately awaiting Sherlock. "Helen.", he greeted. She nodded, eyeing John with suspicion but not speaking up about it. "My stepfather is not home as of now. Please, you must help me!"
Greg just stood in the hallway and watched the man Sherlock was holding trying to make tea. Classical music was playing in the background and all of the sudden Sherlock turned the man around in his arms and positioned himself in a dancing stance. And then the two were waltzing around the flat, out of the kitchen and into the living room. The shorter man had blonde hair and a faint smile on his face. As did Sherlock. Who noticed Greg's presence. "Lestrade! What's on?" Greg was still a bit confused but just explained: "There's been a murder. A man in his fifties, no murder weapon found." The other man was also looking at Greg now, who smiled awkwardly at the pair.
Once Dumbledore stood up, the room rendered completely silent. He said a few words and then turned his, alongside the students and teachers attention towards the goblet. The flames turned red. Dumbledore caught the piece of parchment that flew out of it. "The Durmstrang champion is...Viktor Krum" "Told you" Sherlock whispered to John, his breath hitting Johns neck. Johns skin tingled in a not entirely unpleasant way. Everyone clapped. "The Beauxbatons champion is...Fleur Delacour" "Knew it!" This time Johns eyes followed her but not in the way that some of the other boys, including Ron Weasley and Anderson gaped at her. "And the Hogwarts champion is...Cedric Diggory!" Applause ensued. John looked over to his friend. The whole Hufflepuff table was cheering. John was grinning at Cedric. Even Sherlock was standing. He leaned down to tell John: "Congratulations, you guessed right." Cedric dissappeared through the door. Dumbledore started talking about but John could only look at Sherlock who was smiling and sarcastically clapping for him. John elbowed him friendly. "Physical pain isn't going to stop me." "Oh shut up, will you?" But Sherlock actually shut up and whipped his head into the direction of the goblet. "Sherlock, sorry. I didn't mean to be rude i-", John started but then realised why Sherlock was looking away. The fire turned red once more. Instinctively, Dumbledore caught it. "Harry Potter."
Harry arrived there too and sunk to his knees to cradle Cedric in his arms. "Are you okay, I heard you scream!", he asked him worriedly. "I'm alright, I'm alright." Harry helped him up. The two Hogwarts champions stared at Sherlock expectantly as he explained his theory. "Viktor had been imperiused.", John added once once was done. "Yeah, he's going out with my best friend Hermione, I know him a bit. He would never do anything like this out of free will", Harry agreed. Krum was recovering from the two Stupefy spells. He stared up to five wands pointed at his face. "What?", he asked and blinked several times, now rubbing his head. "You've been imperiused. Do you know by whom?", John asked him. Viktor shook his head slowly. Cedric looked at him with distrust in his eyes. "You used the cruciatus on me." Krum's eyes widened. "Try remembering. What can you remember from before?" "I was in the maze. Not far in. Went right. Then a light." John nudged Sherlock into the side. "We entered on the right side of the maze. Someone must've followed us. They can't have gotten far." So all six of them tried retracing Viktor's steps. "You came from behind", Cedric remembered. So they went in that general direction and Viktor relied on his gut feeling and a sense of dejà-vu to retrace his steps.
Sherlock climbed in. The two were laying on their sides, facing each other. John could feel Sherlock's breath softly brushing against his skin. It made him shiver. Sherlocks hand moved to rest on the dip above John's hip. "Okay?", he asked. John nodded. Sherlock snuggled a little closer. "Okay?", he asked again. John nodded once more. Then his head moved closer to Johns, their breaths mingling. "Okay?", he asked once more but John answered by pressing his lips to Sherlock's.
With the exams coming up, they often met with the study group. John found himself talking to Cho more, who was just as confused as he was when her girlfriend and Sherlock switched to French from time to time. Sherlock was completely fluent in both but Irene snuggled with translating some of the specific subjects they'd rehearsed in French to another language just like that. Molly, Mike and Greg were also there, so the five of them often got to talking about different things than the two exchange students. Before this year, they'd barely known Cho. She was part of their larger friendgroup but they hadn't actually formed a close bond with the Ravenclaw, being in different houses. So while Sherlock explained "le transfiguration de la forrure de castor au moucharder" to Irene (John only understood transfiguration), John was chatting with Irene's girlfriend.
After Sherlock and John got said kettle and ingredients, they settled down in a small room in one of the highest floors, a cozy place with windows. John liked to come there to think. They worked in almost complete silence. John was fine at potions, he didn't really like it but maybe he would once he spent enough time with Sherlock. Sometimes Sherlock asked him to stir or to give him something but mostly he just sat there. After about 20 minutes of comfortable silence, a conversation ensued. Sherlock taught him a spell that conjured what muggles called nitric acid. Sherlocks interest lay both in potioneering and chemistry. He found both the wizarding and the non-wizarding aspects of the broad subject equally enthralling. And the way he talked about it, animatedly, hands in the air, smile on his face, John thought he could really see Potions becoming his favourite subject.
Some may consider that the same thing.
"So what exactly is the plan?", John whispered. "I've told you." The crease between John's eyebrows deepened. "Sherlock, you said, and I quote: "As for us, we've got a plan. As soon as we're in, you take the broom and go out. Get yourself somewhere safe where you can spend the night." Sherlock tore his eyes away from him. "We wait. Might as well make yourself comfortable.", Sherlock gestured towards the bed. Johns eyebrows met his hairline. They sat onto it and Sherlock set his shoes onto the ground next to the coat he'd shed. John carefully did the same and climbed under the covers as well. Sherlock turned towards him. In the pitch-dark room John couldn't even see his friend's face. But he felt Sherlocks breath ghosting against his neck. "The wall. There's a passage, there must be. We cannot fall asleep. Whatever comes out of it is what killed Helens sister."
How about dinner first?
John soon found out that Sherlock was an excellent wizard. His skills in transfigurations, whether it was because of the Beauxbatons raising or just personal interest exceeded that of the Hufflepuffs and Slytherins. He managed the task set out by McGonagall easily and spent the remainder of the time expected for it with figuring out her animagus appearance. When John managed the task too, Sherlock asked: "A cat, isn't it?" "What is?" "Her Animagus." John nodded, not nearly as surprised as he would have been a few days ago if someone just figured an animagus out by simply looking at someone. "Extraordinary.", John breathed. "Do you notice you're doing that out loud?", Sherlock asked him in wonder. "Sorry" John was ashamed. Sherlock tried to remedy that. "No, it's... fine. Just wanted to know." They locked eyes. John looked away quickly. Sherlock hid a smirk. McGonagall, a few feet away from them shook her head. This was going to be a long, long year.
"Ex girlfriend, i suppose?" Sherlock came out of nowhere. "How the bloody hell do you know that?" "So she is" Sherlock smirked and dissappeared behind a shelf. John followed him but after rounding the corner of the shelf, Sherlock was gone.
Mike now spoke up. "Oh hello, I'm Mike. Who are you?" He held out his hand over the table. Sherlock ogled it. Mike retracted. "Not a handshaker?" "No. Sherlock Holmes." Molly now looked over and her eyes nearly fell out of her head. She and Mike had been in deep conversation and only noticed John and Sherlock now. "M-Molly". A blush spread over her cheeks. Sherlock practically scanned them. "You're the guy Stella won't shut up about.", he then established. "Awh, that's sweet of her!", Mike remarked. Sherlock nodded, not seeming to care too much about that. "And you both dislike Quidditch I suppose? But have an affinity for healing? Interesting paste by the way, can I borrow some for an experiment?" Molly couldn't seem to get a word out. Mike eyed her with suspicion while agreeing to Sherlocks proposal. "Excellent" Sherlock then continued to nibble at his piece of Victoria sponge that John had loaded onto his plate no questions asked after he had found out about Sherlocks eating habits.
The meeting at 4 turned out to be a dance lesson. Professor Sprout informed them all about the Yule Ball. Then she picked a partner to demonstrate a few moves with and soon enough the entire room was filled with people looking for a partner. Sherlock naturally turned to him but John, trying not to panic, simply turned to Molly on his other side. So Sherlock shrugged and turned to his other side, which was Cedric Diggory.
In the Great Hall with the weather-accurate sky, Irene dashed towards him and flung her arms around Sherlock. "Can you refrain from using me as your 'heat-pillow' everywhere at any given moment?", Sherlock grunted. "Ooh, like you're above the need for body heat, I'm cold as ice and so are you, you drama queen." He sighed. Irene was completely aware of his shivering. But she did let go of him once the Hogwarts and Durmstrang students entered.
They spent the remainder of the task distracting each other. Sherlock deduced a few people under his breath and John told him things he didn't know or deduce. So when Cedric arrived first, with Krum following, they started wondering about Harry's absence. "Maybe the mermaids have taken him hostage" "Don't be silly, why would they do that?"
Later at dinner, John talked to Cedric for a bit. Sherlock was late. "So the tournament. Are you alright?" Cedric nodded. They sat on opposite sides of the table. And John couldn't not notice Cedric looking at a point over his shoulder. John decided not to bring it up, knowing he was looking at someone sitting at the Gryffindor table. Sherlock finally arrived at the table, sitting down next to John as usual. "I ran into Irene and Cho on my way back from the bathroom. Greetings from Cho, Cedric." "Oh, you're the guy Irene has told me about!" They shook hands. "Sherlock Holmes" "Cedric Diggory, but I imagine you already know that." John was chewing at his cornish pastry and eyed the two in surprise. "What?", Sherlock asked, now automatically filling his plate up as well. John had expressed his disdain for Sherlocks eating habits before and in order to shut him up, Sherlock had agreed to eat at least one meal a day. "Nothing, just didnt expect you two to get along", John explained. Cedric pointed with his fork in the general direction of Sherlock and John. "So you two know each other, then?" Sherlock frowned. "Yes, obviously." "Friends?" They looked at each other and nodded slowly in unision. Cedric raised an eyebrow. John frowned. If he knew Irene, surely he must know of her and Sherlocks relationship. Sherlock apparently regarded the conversation as finished, digging into his roasted potatoes.
They got back very early in the morning. Sherlock wasn't very tired but John insisted that he'd also take a sip of the wideye potion Sherlock had given him. Aside from the glee and pride the two felt, the next day was like any other. They went to classes together and exchanged notes in class .
So John did what any person would do and turned around, walking out of the corridor and into the kitchen to then grab his jacket, walk down the stairs and out of the building. John took a stroll at nearly 10 o'clock in the evening. His head was simultaneously empty and filled to the rim with questions. After walking all the way to St. James Park and back, John carefully opened the door to 221. He silently mounted the stairs and, upon hearing no noise whatsoever, the next stairs to go to bed. He didn't dare go down to brush his teeth.
John's face was turning a colour deeper than the cherry juice Molly, right next to him, was drinking. "Are you alright, mate?",Mike asked him. "Have you swallowed something you didn't mean to?, Molly wondered. John shook his head and assured them he was fine. But he was deeply embarrassed. The boy caught him staring. He wasn't staring per se, he wasn't gay or anything. Maybe John actually looked at the pretty girl next to him, raven black hair in an elegant bun and deep red lips- no. Back to the full lips with a wonderful cupids bow, now smirking. Yeah, he was looking at him. Their eyes met and John was looking right into what seemed to be an ocean. The hufflepuff quickly looked back down onto his meal. Maybe later John would try to explain everything to him and turn the situation into something less embarrassing, he was good with words, having written several pieces for a smaller newspaper called 'The Strand'. For the rest of the dinner he listened along to the heated conversation Molly and Mike were having with only one ear. Afterwards he could hardly recall it, Something about the healing paste the two were experimenting on. John tried to push the curly-haired french boy out of his mind and instead focused on the phone Harry had given him. She wanted to stay in touch and gave it to him. John did end up bringing it with him after casting several protection spells on it. Magic and technology didn't work out well.
It sounds like that. I found your website.
After having finished his curry, Victor strodded back to Bakerstreet to see how everything played out. He used his spare key to open the door and walked up the stairs. He entered through the kitchen to find Sherlock and John snogging in the living room. "My work here is done", Victor said to noone in particular.
Sherlock had already summoned a cab so Greg told him the address and got into his own car. When they arrived at the crime scene, Sherlock was just like always, spitting out deductions and being a little rude to everyone. Greg didn't ask about John. So they didn't talk about it.
5. He had to get over it. Whatever 'it' was.
christmas break, a case and the second task
"I love you!"
Sherlock willed himself not to sink into the floor at that. He shakily pulled back and placed his hands on John's cheeks. John leant into the touch. And then he leant up as Sherlock leant down. Their lips met in the middle. And Sherlock was glad he hadn't melted a few seconds ago because he surely was going to now. How could this feel so different from kissing Victor? Kissing Victor was easy, casual like a pat on the back. But kissing John? Kissing John was everything. He shuddered thinking that if this was what kissing John felt like, how having sex with John would feel. They parted for breath and John gasped: "How haven't we been doing this all along?" "Dunno, less talking. More kissing", was all Sherlock could bring out before kissing John again.
Molly really wasn't the best dancer but neither was he so it wasn't a big deal. John was so focused on not stepping on Mollys feet, he barely noticed the excellence and grace exuding from Sherlock and Cedric. Sherlock, being the better dancer, decided to lead. Their heights matched and so did their steps. The two were waltzing across the room while upholding a conversation. "As a Hogwarts champion I imagine some sort of significance will be put into your attendance at the ball. Any idea who you take as your partner?" Cedric laughed at that. "Trying to woo me?" "Wouldn't dream of it. Besides, I'm sure somebody else has already captured your attentions?" Cedric frowned. "What are you trying to imply?" Sherlock laughed lightly, dipping Cedric elegantly before resuming their waltz across the room. "I'm not implying anything, I just wanted to remark that perhaps joining forces against the other champions might not be the worst idea for the ball." Cedrics mouth fell open. "Did Cho tell you?" Sherlock shook his head. "I'm not blind nor am I stupid." Then Cedric nodded "The deduction thing. Fire away" "Just the way you look at each other." Sherlock almost smiled. "So you really think I should ask him?" Sherlock nodded and ended their conversation with the convenient song change where he simply turned around and took the hand of some Hufflepuff 6th year girl who's name he didn't know.
"Greg was here. Wanted to play Quidditch with you." "Right, I completely forgot about it!" Since the official Quidditch season was cancelled this year, John played Quidditch with some friends on the weekends, to keep themselves fit and for the fun found in the game. Mike and Molly were both disasters on a broom. But Mary, Greg, John, Mike's girlfriend Stella, Cho and a few others had founded this small group at the beginning of the year. From time to time Cedric and some of his friends joined them too. So John reminded himself to apologise to Greg and Mary later and continued to talk to Molly and Mike.
Sherlock and John ascended the stairs and entered the dorm room. John motioned towards the window and sat down on his bed, pulling off his shoes. "Help yourself!" Sherlock opened the window and cast "Accio Broom" Waiting for the broom to arrive, he turned back to John. "About the ball..." John scoffed at the mere thought of it. He couldn't wait for it to be over already. Sherlock just closed his mouth. "What about it?" But Sherlock never answered. The broom arrived and a pressed "Goodnight" was all he got from Sherlock that evening.
They had to return to the castle eventually and John went to bed thinking about his new friend. Said friend was sitting at the Hufflepuff table the following morning with a cup of tea before him. John sat down beside him. Their legs brushed for a moment and John tried very hard not to think about that. "What are the lessons? I couldn't bring myself to find out on my own.", Sherlock asked him right when John arrived. "I don't know them completely by heart yet, but i can give you my timetable if you'd like?" Sherlock deemed that response satisfying. This morning he had tea to drink. John later gave him a piece of toast when they were going to the first class of the day, transfigurations.
They drove home in the small family car and John told her a bit about his year so far. She nodded along, not understanding a thing. But he tried to get as much out of this precious window of time before arriving home, told her about the fantastical things he'd experienced. She told him a bit about home. And her friends. She said she'd been to a friend's house a few days ago. "That's nice, Ma", John said happily. But then the car stopped. And he unloaded his small holiday bag, having left the rest at Hogwarts. She took his hand briefly and they entered. The sound of the telly rang through the entire house. And the smell of beer filled the air. It was 5 o'clock. John didn't try to talk to his father. It would only end in conflict. He didn't spare his son one look, only grunting at the presence of his wife, since he needed another bottle of beer.
(See the end of the chapter for
At around six, Sherlock went back to his room to emerge fully dressed, a blue silk shirt paired with black suit trousers. He stepped into the living room and looked at John. John's eyes met his and he looked back down to his laptop. He'd been reading an article. Sherlick sighed impatiently. "You coming?" "Right." John put down the laptop and they grabbed their coats and left the house. "Where are we meeting him?" "Here." And really, Victor came walking down the street and stopped, showing his teeth in a smile again. "Hi!" Sherlock smiled too. Then he summoned a cab and the three squeezed in.
John was having a quiet evening. His date blew him off so he came back to an abandoned flat. He was sitting in his chair, reading, as he heard the door open. Sherlock came in, running up the stairs. John didn't say anything, he recognised him by his steps and fully expected him to enter the living room and sit down right in front of him. What he did not expect was to hear a second person ascend the stairs and follow him as they entered the kitchen and walked straight to his bedroom. John was a little confused. So he put his book down and stood up, cautiously approaching Sherlocks room. From within he heard someone being slammed against what seemed to be a dresser or cupboard. Almost expecting a fight, he wanted to jump in but a sound froze him in his tracks. A moan. A moan emanating from Sherlocks throat, to be precise.
He, like every other student could not await the evening when the foreign witches and wizards would arrive. The students at Hogwarts rushed through their day, with the evening coming closer and closer. The Great Hall was neatly decorated for their guests and the fact that the last lesson would end half an hour early did not lessen the happiness of anyone besides maybe Professor Snape who had to shorten his lesson with the Gryffindors and Slytherins.
"Specialis Revelio!", Sherlock interjected, jumping out of his hiding place.  And a bug next to Hermiones feet started growing at an alarming rate. Frizzy curls, red glasses and bright robes formed. Rita Skeeter stood there. She eyed Sherlock angrily, raising her wand. But John was faster. "Stupefy!", he shouted. And she was down. So Hermione immobilised her: "Petrificus Totalus!" They all stood around the frozen journalist. "We should probably take her up to Dumbledore", Harry remarked. Sherlock shrugged. "Mobilcorpus".
S:"if I dont manage, I'll do whatever you want"
After the class, Sherlock disappeared into the dungeons, wanting to do some research on some potion John forgot the name of. He spent the afternoon doing his homework and hanging out with Molly and Mike. It was nice. Familiar. But the two were caught up in their project of developing the healing paste and John noticed that it just didnt feel like spending time with Sherlock, whatever that meant. The thought confused John and he was overly glad to see Greg by the window, on a broom. "John, haven't seen you all week. Fancy a game?" Happy to get his mind off things, mainly Sherlock, John according his broomstick into his hand and the two spent the afternoon in the air.
"D'you have any plans? Like for later in your life. What you want to be?", he asked her. "Hmm, I'm pretty open towards anything life throws at me. I mean I really like quidditch. And I'm quite good at it. But I'm also interested in lots of other things. Breaking ancient curses seems cool.", she remarked.  "Definitely. I don't really know all that much about job opportunities in the wizarding world. I was thinking healer. But I'm not really sure." She nodded. "Still have time." "Or you could always apply as a houseelf", Mike joked. "By Merlin, that was one funny incident in second year and you keep bringing that up!" John turned red just from the thought of it. Mike was snorting with laughter now. Molly rolled her eyes. The others were confused. "So we were in the common room, right? And John here was really tiny. You know, he isn't tall now but back then he was basically a dwarf. And curious little John went exploring the nooks and corners of the common room to find any secret tunnels. And he stumbled upon a tunnel that once lead to the kitchens. But it was one of the really old ones. Not used anymore. So when he came back, he was full of dirt and dust. And one of the first years asked "Are you one of the house elfs, sir?" Now everyone at the table, including John was laughing. Even Sherlock was smirking. "Its not even that funny!", John sniffled. "Yeah it is!", Greg laughed.
The whole next week John felt like something was up with Sherlock. But John knew that Sherlock didn't like talking about his (supposedly non-existent) emotions, so he didn't press it. They continued to spend their time together and joke and exchange notes in class and brew potions and... 'Wow we are spending an awful lot of time together, aren't we?', John asked himself. When John saw Sherlock and Irene come into the Great Hall one morning, in deep conversation, he was glad that somebody was able to reach through to Sherlock and talk about whatever's been troubling him. After the couple parted ways, Sherlock looked much happier and more hopeful. He even smiled at John slightly when he sat down. "So the Yule Ball is this weekend", was the first thing talked about in the morning. Mike wriggled his eyebrows. "Johnnyboy, have you got anyone?" Sherlock now looked much more interested in the conversation now. John shook his head.  Sherlock opened his mouth but closed it again when John gave him a questioning look. "I dont even want to go, if I'm honest. But it's mandatory, so I'll go alone. And no, I haven't got a date, because I don't want one." John now looked into the general direction of Cedric and Joana, so he didn't notice Sherlock slightly gulping. But when he did look at Sherlock again the joy and hope had left his eyes.
John took a break after Molly stomped on his foot for what would have to be the fiftieth time. She flopped onto the seat next to him and practiced a pain-lessening charm on his feet. He immediately felt better. She would make a damn good healer one day, he had to give her that. Johns eyes scanned the dancefloor, wondering how the other people were holding up. Mike was doing surprisingly okay. Cedric on the other hand, must have had some practice beforehand. But then he saw Sherlock. He moved so elegantly and fluid. John couldn't take his eyes off him.
Dumbledore then held his speech and announced that by tomorrow evening the champions will have been chosen. He set up the goblet and the feast ended.
I mean the title is kind of self- explanatory, isnt it?
Dr. Roylott was laying on the floor very dead. In his fist a hissing snake. Its head was speckled with gold and yellow. Sherlock sent the snake into the air, flying at a safe distance. John checked the man's pulse. Helen's stepfather ended his own life in an attempt to take hers.
Sherlock opened his eyes again. "Sentiment", he stated flatly, as if talking to the wall. He would have to file that under inspection for later. But for now, after having had this revelation, he came to the conclusion that finishing his experiment would be the most efficient use of his time for now.
He really needed to talk to John though, so he figured his friends would have to wait. "John" he tapped on his arm. John didn't look at him. "Hey, John! I think-" "Not now Sherlock", John brushed him off. "But John..." "Later.", John groaned. Now Sherlocks walls went up again. Without having eaten anything, he stood up and left. John looked at him leave before turning his attention back to Mike and Molly. "Anyways, where was I?" "Being really rude to your friend?", Molly accused him. She looked oddly disappointed and Mike, raised eyebrows and all, nodded. "That was pretty rude..." "I-" , John tried to defend himself. He honestly didnt know why he'd done that. He loved talking to Sherlock and actually would have wanted to hear what he was saying. But John reminded himself that Sherlock had Irene. The thought made him a little sick. He wasn't jealous. John was just...
And John woke up. It was early morning. Perhaps he wasn't as straight as he thought, having dreamt about kissing his best friend. He rolled out of his bed and massaged the bridge of his nose. This was going to be the end of him.
They attacked and defended pretty evenly until Jim started blowing things up again. Cedric tried to help as best as he could, having given up on finding the rat and Harry... Harry screamed in pain, on the other side of the graveyard as Pettigrew cut open his arm. Cedric turned around in devastation but was nearly hit by a curse so he had to continue fighting the two Durmstrang students. That was, until all of them turned towards the loud splash in the cauldron. Jim and Sebastian stared in awe, strengthened their Protegos and neared it, which gaveCedric a chance to flee and find Harry. John and Sherlock now cursed Pettigrew, still unarmed. Once the animagus was lying on the ground, something rose out of the cauldron. Jim and Sebastian grabbed into their marked arms and Sherlock, John, Cedric and Harry stared in shock as Lord Voldemort arose once more. Sherlock froze but John pulled him by the hand. Up and back towards Harry and Cedric. "ACCIO PORTKEY!", he yelled. The portkey flew towards them, but so did the snake-like figure. Harry screamed in pain and held his scar as he came closer. The portkey was grabbed onto and for a split second John thought Voldemort had made it, but only the four boys arrived back at Hogwarts.
There he was, long limbs moving elegantly to the rhythm. John's eyes were glued to him. Sherlock moved his hips in a way John had never imagined he would. His locks flew around in an effortlessly sexy manner. Sherlock's picture-perfect lips were moving too, mouthing the lyrics. So apparently Sherlock knew Lady Gaga. He hadn't deleted the lyrics to "Judas" but he had deleted the solar system. One revelation after another.
i got really unmotivated after the first scene left a bad taste in my mouth (brain?) and i started only like two weeks after that so... haha my chapters are getting longer and i dont know what to do about it.
The first time Sherlock had kissed him, John was wearing his oatmeal coloured jumper. They were sitting in their chairs and John was reading the papers. Sherlock kept looking at him so he stopped. "What is it, Sherlock?" So Sherlock stood up and tugged at John's arm, motioning for him to stand up too. John folded the newspaper. Sherlock still didn't say anything, he just came closer, laid his hands on John's shoulders and carefully leant in, as if waiting for John to pull back. But John didn't. Their lips touched softly. Sherlock's fingers tangled themselves in the fabric of the jumper. And John's fingers tangled themselves in Sherlock's curls. And they smiled widely and leant in again.
(S:"i bet i can steal the apple off of mirandas desk before she transforms her egg into a full-grown chicken"
Soon enough they hit an intersection. There were three possible routes and Viktor didn't know which way to go. So they seperated into groups of two. Fleur went with Viktor into the middle path and Harry and Cedric took the first one, leaving Sherlock and John for the third. After a while their path got slimmer and they heard something coming towards them. John was in front of Sherlock and froze when a strange man appeared. Sherlock was confused. The man dropped an empty bottle onto the ground "Come here Johnnyboy", he rasped. Sherlock could see the hairs on John's neck rising up. He had goosebumps. "You filfth. You shame us all. Now come here!", the man repeated. John winced and Sherlock pushed himself in front of him and didn't even wait for his fear to appear, he immediately yelled: "Riddikulus!" A powerful wave blast the boggart away. He turned around to see Johns terrified and teary-eyed face and embraced him tightly. "Well, well, well", a voice from behind them called out teasingly.
When the feast was over and the dancing time finally arrived, John spotted Sherlock on the dancefloor. He apparently didn't have a date, but everyone kept switching it up anyways so it was not like anyone noticed, or cared for that matter. He thought Sherlock tried to approach him when they both went in the same direction, but he just asked Mike's girlfriend, Stella, for a dance, since Mike was dancing with Molly at the moment. Mike! He needed to ask Mike whether he knew about Sherlocks not-relationship with Irene. "Excuse me", he mumbled and tapped on Mikes shoulder. "Care for a dance?" Mike laughed. "Sure, whatever." They turned to Molly who nodded them off as one of the Durmstramg boys stepped closer, asking for her hand. "Did you know that Sherlock and Irene aren't dating?", he half-whispered. "Umm yeah", Mike responded, now looking at a point behind John's shoulder. John turned them around and saw Irene and Cho dancing closely. "That doesn't mean anything..." "But this does", Mike said in that same 'John-are-you-being-serious-right-now' voice. John looked again and they were now snogging. "Yeah, got it", he let out, a bit ashamed. He let go of Mike and turned around, walking off to sit at a table and question his life decisions. "You'd never believe what a brilliant dancer Jim is!", Molly squealed behind him.
John spent a little more time at the library but Sherlock didn't show up again. After a while, he returmed to the Hufflepuff common room, where he bumped into Diggory. "Cedric!" "John" "I heard you entered, is that true?" "Yes, I'm going to try it. And get Hufflepuff some more recognition!" "Way to go man, I'm sure you'll do great. I believe in you!" They smiled at each other. "Thanks buddy... I uh, I was actually just leaving so..." Cedric waved him goodbye. John smiled in return. He flopped down on an armchair next to Molly. "Where have you been all day?" "Oh i was showing around a Beauxbatons student." "So you're trying to top Three-House Watson then and youre trying to get a French girl?", assumed Mike, just having entered from the dormitories. John went red at an instant. "No, I... It's not even a girl and im not trying to get him! I'm not gay!" Molly and Mike decided to not dive into it any further and just leave it be. Johns sister Harry was a lesbian and their parents weren't supportive of it. The subject was a bit intense for John.
So the four walked back up into the castle and to Dumbledores office. The gargoyle statue didnt move. "You need a password", Harry explained. Sherlock scratched his head while Harry stepped forwards. "Fizzing Whisbees. Lemon Drops. Acid Pops. Chocolate Frogs. Bert-" but the Gargoyle already started to move to open the door. The other three students looked at Harry in surprise. "What, he told me he liked candies." "Fair enough", John declared.
John Watson was beyond excited. This evening the students from Durmstrang and Beauxbatons would arrive. His excitement was shared by just about every single other student in the entire castle. In the last week, no other topic of conversation besides the Triwizard Tournament arose, so when it was finally there, the joy and expectations were nearly bubbling over.
Leading up to the final task. I was kind of forcing several vague plot ideas into this so enjoy this mess of a chapter
One day Sherlock was a bit pissed. That was an understatement. Sherlock was an utter arsehole, insulting everyone at the crime scene. It ruined everybody's day. Clearly Sherlock was in a bad mood and had decided to transfer that to everybody else. Greg carefully stepped up to him. "Is something wrong?" Sherlock glared at him with the intensity of a burning sun. Still Lestrade didn't back down. "Is your brother acting up? Are things alright with John or...?" Sherlock sighed. "He's at a medical conference in Dublin." That explained everything. Sherlock missed his boyfriend. "Ah" Sherlock inhaled. "Anything else you need to ask me? If not, then step away and let me do what I need to do. Sometimes I wonder whether a preschooler would make a better detective than you lot." Greg frowned and backed off.
"Locked room murder", Lestrade blurted out. He hated himself for ruining this peaceful moment but didn't want to stand there watching that private moment from the shadows. The two lovers turned to him. Sherlock grinned immediately. "John. Do you want to come with?", Greg asked hopefully. "Me?" John was surprised."He could do that?", Sherlock asked, also surprised. "Sure, if it makes you more bearable?", Lestrade answered, still a bit annoyed by the mood Sherlock had radiated a few days ago. Sherlock's mouth turned into a small pouted but John chuckled. "Missed me that much?" Sherlock blushed a little. So John stood up from the Couch and tenderly kissed him on the cheek. When he pulled away, the detective was smiling softly. Sherlocks eyes sparkled and he looked at John with such love, Greg felt as if he was listening in on something secret. Because the Sherlock he knew never showed affection so openly. But John must have managed to break down his walls. "You're a doctor, aren't you?", Greg asked John. "Army doctor", the shorter man replied. Sherlock added: "A very good one." John looked at him. "I dont have any work on today or tomorrow." Then he turned to Greg. "Sure. Why not." Sherlock nodded, his excitement visible. So he turned around, grabbed his coat and descended the stairs, followed by Greg and John. Greg told them the address and got into his police car. Sherlock and John took a cab.
She stomped her foot down with an angry cry. Watson seemed to be frozen in place. He was just as put off by her outburst as were Ellie and Katsuki.
Katsuki leaned back, ran his hand through his hair and sighed.
Watson came into the room from the kitchen, carrying two steaming mugs of tea. He slowly walked over to Holmes and put down one of the mugs on the table, then made his way to his own chair, sitting down gingerly. He let out an exhale of content.
His eyes had gone more and more agitated, and he had sat up straighter with every word. Rosie looked confused, and she grew alarmed when her father clutched her hands with both of his, looking at her imploringly.
Ellie lowered her helmet, and gave Rosie a weak smile. “It doesn’t hurt per se,” she started, unsure how to choose her words properly, “but it might be….exhausting. That is why this procedure is only legal to perform on people about to die.”
Katsuki had his eyes fixed on Watson. “We’ll find the moment,” he said. “We won’t fail.”
“Doctor Swift will be with us in a minute,” Rosie said, not averting her eyes from her father’s still figure. “She’ll control his vitals.”
“Sherlock...” John began, but Sherlock had leaned closer, his face only inches away from John. Sherlock’s eyes were intense, boring into John’s, taking in every movement, every motion, every breath he took.
Just as suddenly as it started, Watson calmed down and wiped at his face with the back of his hand.
“I say,” Rosie said, looking through the magnifying glass, „that you are lying.”
Ellie spotted Watson and Holmes standing in the doorway, gazing at the mess in front of them. Slowly, they made their way into the room, climbing over various objects. Watson made his way over to the bookshelf, bending down to take one of the books. He wiped at the cover, then set it down on the mantelpiece, stooping to grab another.
“Sherlock,” he said, sitting up straighter. He had made up his mind. Nothing was more important than this. Nothing would be worth anything if he didn’t say it right now.
And with his next long exhale, everything went black.
In the blink of an eye, all three were sitting in the living room, sipping on glasses of red wine.
Seeing that image in front of them, it seemed like time stood still. The air around them changed, and the background noise faded; Watson, and Ellie and Katsuki alike, watched them as if from afar. Ellie felt a tidal wave of emotion crashing over her, a mixture of awe and unconditional love for the two people in front of them. She felt the tears running down her face, and she turned to look at Watson, whose face was impassive. But she knew the emotions bubbling behind that rigid facade were swelling up and up until she feared he couldn’t hold it any longer.
Watson gave a sigh of relief, and let himself fall back unto his bed. “Thank you.”
Holmes let his hands sink to his lap, heaving a heavy sigh.
Ellie turned to look at him. “I think he did,” she said, slowly. “I think they both knew and never talked about it.”
Holmes put down his own cutlery and dabbed at his mouth with a napkin. “How’s the diet going?” Watson and Rosie grinned, but didn’t look up from their food.
“Dad, you can’t give up now,” she said, gripping his hand harder. “There’s still so much they can do.”
“‘Scotland Yard finds diamond.’,” he read. “So you let Lestrade get away with it again.”
John put away his newspaper. “She will make the right decision.” He grinned widely at Sherlock. “I didn’t think you’d actually encourage her to become a detective. I thought they were all idiots up there.”
“You said that already,” Holmes said. He didn’t turn around.
They stood there for a moment, watching this scene in front of them. They knew they needed to get going and find the next memento, but they didn’t seem to be able to move just yet.
“Okay, this is getting ridiculous,” Katsuki said from the other side of the room. He was prodding the antlers of the skull placed between the windows. “Tell me you’ve found something.”
She turned to face him, her face blank. “But you do forget something every time we’re on a case. Show me the file.” She reached out to take the folder, but he snatched it away from her.
Rosie stood and Katsuki made to leave, but Ellie caught his arm. “I’d like to have a word with you,” she said. Rosie left the kitchen without mentioning it. Katsuki sat down again.
Ellie and Katsuki found themselves back at Baker Street. This time, they both had the sudden urge to shield their eyes from the bright colours surrounding them. Ellie squinted her eyes at her surroundings; everything looked just like the last time they had been there. It didn’t struck her as strange that not even Watson’s own home seemed to be as vivid as this one. She guessed that, after all, Baker Street had been home to him for all those years after all.
Rosie was barely able to talk around her sobs. “Yes, dad, I promise.”
“I found this in your room,” he said, pulling something out of his coat pocket and stepped up the gravestone. When he stepped back there was a deerstalker sitting on top of it. They had found their memento.
“You sound like Mummy,” Holmes said, just as Watson hastily put down his cutlery and said around a mouth full of chicken, “I am finished.”
Watson had retrieved several more books but had apparently realized that this was a pointless task, as he turned to look at Holmes. He walked over to him when Holmes bent down to pick up the animal skull. Watson had spotted a pair of headphones lying on the floor just under Ellie’s feet, and she jumped aside as he grabbed them. She knew this was a completely pointless move, but she simply couldn’t help it, no matter how many times she stood in someone’s memories unseen.
Rosie looked exactly like the woman on the screen. But she noticed that Rosie had her father’s eyes.
“That’s a first for you,” Katsuki said, raising an eyebrow at her. Ellie thought he might mock her for that, given that she had always been the level-headed one of the two. Instead, he sagged into his chair, his face sullen. “But I know what you mean.”
John was breathing hard, his heart hammering in his ears, the beat thrumming through the whole room.
She had gone very still, her eyes had gone serious, searching his face.
“No, no, it’s fine,” Katsuki said. “Keep going.”
Watson whipped around. “She’s coming over tomorrow.”
Both Ellie’s and Katsuki’s eyes went wide at this. There was this sort of command in his voice that didn’t accept anything but obedience.
Behind them, they could hear clatter on the stairs; Sherlock and John were carrying down boxes, with Rosie following close behind, ticking of a mental list.
“I’m gonna ask Linda out for dinner,” Ellie said.
“Ah!” Katsuki exclaimed, and Ellie snapped her head around. He was pointing at the jacket Rosie had been wearing, on which the police badge was sparkling.
Watson gave her a stern look. “Rosamund Mary Watson, you are already in a lot of trouble. Don’t make it worse.”
Rosie sighed. Watson straightened up and moved quickly to walk towards the car. Rosie, Ellie and Katsuki followed.
Ellie felt the pull of the memories. She closed her eyes, the colours bursting behind them, swirling and shifting, until she was swept back into Watson’s memories. This time, though, it felt like she watched a movie played in her head, fast forwarded and only slowed down at certain points.
“How does it work?” Rosie suddenly asked. Ellie had just retrieved one of the helmets to set it down on the bedside table. She looked up at Rosie, who had fixed her green eyes at her. “I mean, I know that you are a ‘wish fulfilment service’ who can grant any dying man’s wish. But how?”
Rosie’s brows furrowed, then she stood and went out of the room, leading them back into the kitchen. Mister Montgomery excused himself and left them for the time being, seeing as he was unable to add anything to the matter at hand.
Just as suddenly, the room was back in place, and Watson was clearing his throat. He looked away.
It was a keychain, with a small bee dangling from it.
So they stood in silence. Ellie could distinctly make out a sort of calm acceptance. But there was also the smell of anger, and sadness. Sadness that seemed to seep right into her bones; it felt like ocean waves sapping at the sand beneath her feet, slowly carrying it away.
“Where the hell are we?” Katsuki said, his eyes bulging. “Buckingham Palace?”
Rosie shook her head. “I don’t know it.”
Next to her, Katsuki had his fists clenched, and his face scrunched up in an attempt to not burst into tears like Ellie. She suddenly felt very foolish.
“Sherlock?” Watson’s words hung in the air between them, carrying so much more.
Rosie turned around to her father and snatched the magnifier away from him. “I need to investigate!” she exclaimed and ran out of the room.
Ellie turned around to look at Rosie. “I bet she wasn’t even surprised at that point.”
“Yes,” Sherlock said. “Maybe.” He folded his hands under his chin and looked at John from under his lashes. “And it would leave me more time with you, wouldn’t it?”
“If I had known where it was I would have put it in your coffin.” He laughed, more genuine this time. “No, I would have put it on your head.” He laughed again.
Ellie and Katsuki found themselves in a dim and grey hall, which was filled with people, chattering loudly. It was the first time that Watson remembered something with more people in it. But when they looked around, they couldn’t make out the faces. It was as if the people were more vivid when not looked upon, but when they tried to focus on them, it felt as if they weren’t actually there. As if they had suddenly gone blind.
He walked over to a hat stand, right in the corner which bordered on the area of the kitchen.
“Time flies too quickly,” Watson said. They let go of each other, but he held unto her shoulders and looked her straight in the eye. “Are you sure you have everything?”
“And here comes the soldier,” Katsuki said and whistled. Ellie had walked over to the other chair and allowed herself to slump into it. This might take longer than she thought it would.
“I’ll go and grab a parcel and stamps, be back in a minute,” Watson said and put the package back down on the counter, turning to leave the room. Katsuki and Ellie hurried forward.
At that, Rosie deflated. The challenge fell from her face, leaving a look of mild exasperation. Behind her, Watson sighed.
Ellie knew that Katsuki could probably just activate the memento now, but she felt that it was a bit inappropriate to just grope into Watson’s lap. And besides, at this point she guessed that it didn’t matter anymore how much they saw. And she had a feeling they were getting closer to the ‘perfect moment’. With a sidelong glance at Katsuki she could see that he was just as curious a she was.
With a glance and a nod, Ellie and Katsuki walked over to the hat. “Enabling memento,” Katsuki said.
Ellie managed to calm herself down. She looked up at Katsuki, and his eyes weren’t exactly dry, either. He wiped his hand over his eyes, embarrassed, and let go of Ellie.
“Enabling memento.”
Ellie walked around the table to join him, while from out of nowhere dessert had appeared on the table and the dirty dishes had vanished. Ellie saw from the corner of her eyes that Rosie was helping herself to a generous amount of Christmas pudding.
Katsuki sat at the little table, and Ellie sat on a chair right next to him, holding the helmets they would wear. They had already put the third one on Doctor Watson. Rosie hadn’t looked all too happy about it. She was sitting on her chair looking more worried than before.
“Enabling memento.”
Watson held his gaze for a few seconds, then slumped back into his chair. “I really don’t get you sometimes.” The regret that emanated from Watson right then was as blue as the dressing gown Holmes was wearing.
They all stood there, staring at the spot where the car had vanished. Holmes, however, had stepped up next to Watson.
“No, love,” he said, and Ellie could feel his inner turmoil and struggle to get out the next sentence. “It’s from your mother.”
“Me neither,” she said.
“He loves them so much,” Katsuki whispered.
“Well, I wouldn’t be surprised if Mr Holmes and Mr Watson actually were consulted by the royal family at some point,” Katsuki said and made to follow her.
“Oh god, I’m such a bad hostess,” Rosie said and hurried over to the cabinets to retrieve some cups and a packet of teabags. Ellie wanted to wave it off, but Rosie insisted and only sat down when everyone had a cup of tea standing in front of them.
“I absolutely agree,” Katsuki said fiercely. “Besides, if we implement the wish too early, it might not turn out the way we want it to.”
“I’m sorry, Katsuki, but if we don’t know what ‘the truth’ is, then how are we supposed to do anything about it?” She leaned back in her own chair, her gaze wandering around the kitchen. “And besides, even if we knew that, what does he mean by the ‘appropriate moment’?”
“Sounds like fun,” Watson said, grinning. Holmes gave him a sidelong glance; it was obvious that he was trying to hide a grin himself.
“Sherlock,” Watson said, and Ellie snapped her head around. Her heart began to ache at the simple word. It seemed to carry so much more.
Holmes just gave Watson a dazzling smile – Ellie was sure that the memory was exaggerating this – and Watson placed the bee on the table and stood up.
Watson was standing there, starring down at the name, clutching his cane. The air was thick, and it seemed hard to breathe. Ellie and Katsuki exchanged glances and decided with a nod to pay tribute to a magnificent person, even though it was just in the mind of someone else, even though this person didn’t even know they were invading his memories.
Watson smiled at him, and sipped at his tea. “You’re welcome.”
Watson was still suspicious, Ellie could feel that, but he seemed to let it slip for some reason and just nodded. “Shall I come with you?”
Then Holmes suddenly stood up and walked over to the coat rack and fumbled with his coat. “Rosie forgot this the other day,” he said, walking back over to the sofa, handing Watson a small plush toy. “I thought she might need it.”
“I know that, dad,” she said, sliding forward in her chair and extending her other hand to place it on his cheek. “I know that.”
“So, Rosie,” Watson said, and his tone carried a warning. “Why did you slap that boy?”
“Then why don’t you just text it to Lestrade? I know you don’t go up to the morgue if it isn’t something ‘interesting’,” Watson said. He had turned around to face Holmes, making little air quotes at the last word.
For a while, Ellie only heard Rosie’s sobs, and she desperately hoped that Katsuki would get a move on.
“Yes, sir,” he said, scathingly. “Honestly, I’ve been doing this a lot longer than you, so stop treating me like a child.”
Ellie turned around to see Rosie standing in the doorway, her arms wrapped around herself. It would hardly keep away the cold, Ellie thought. The cold that death left in your heart.
“Well, I don’t think anything else will happen here,” she said, walking away from the window and scanned the room. “We should find the next memento.”
“And you would be out of a job.”
Watson was the one to break the silence. “Well, I’m sure he just loves to see you.” He stepped forward and picked up the magnifying glass. “He surely gets you way too many presents.”
Katsuki and Ellie exchanged confused looks, but Rosie explained, “He left a letter with the solicitor explaining his wish.” She looked at the clock just above the door. “He should arrive any minute.”
They descended the stairs, and just as they disappeared behind the bend, there was shouting and clapping from all around, and there was Rosie, embracing both Sherlock and John, with the biggest smile painted across her face. She was wearing her brand new police uniform, the badge glinting in the late summer sun. Sherlock made a derisive remark about the police force in general, but he couldn’t fool neither John nor Rosie that he couldn’t be prouder of her at that moment.
Silent tears were streaming down Rosie’s face.
Katsuki took hold of one of the helmets and put it on. Rosie looked down at her hand which was intertwined with her father’s unresponsive one.
Watson lowered his mug. “What?”
“It’s the chair,” Ellie said, pointing at it.
“You’re the man,” she said, looking back at him, winking. He rolled his eyes.
“Katsuki,” she said in a tone that didn’t bode well. “Show me the file.”
It was unity. It was completion. It was glorious.
She extended her hand, and waited. He didn’t react, just continued ignoring her. But she knew him well. She knew he would resign sooner rather than later.
And then there was the heartbeat, fast and excited; Ellie wished Watson just had been braver. It would have saved him a lot of heartache. The heartache that she could feel piercing through her own heart like a needle wrenched into the sinews.
Katsuki shrugged. “I would have done the same.”
It took maybe five seconds before he heaved a long-suffering sigh and handed her the file.
“So Watson was trying to date women after all,” Katsuki said, looking over at Ellie. She looked back at him, raising a questioning eyebrow.
Ellie heard Watson mumble “It’s Sherlock,” but she was more intrigued to see Holmes look startled. “Of course I am,” he said indignantly.
“I think,” Rosie continued, “that there was only one thing that always confused me about those two.”
“And there is also one request that I have,” Mary said, and a mischievous smile spread across her face. “Tell your father that I’ve always know he would end up at Baker Street. And please, take good care of him, and Sherlock.”
“Miss… Rosie,” she said slowly, drawing both Rosie’s and Katsuki’s eyes on her. “You’re father wrote that he was confident that we’ll choose the appropriate moment for his wish.” Ellie looked into Rosie’s eyes. Even though she was smiling, they were filled with sadness. Katsuki just raised an eyebrow at her. “Which means you told us this so we would implement his wish as soon as he meets Sherlock Holmes?” Rosie’s cast her eyes down to the table, and nodded.
“That must be the memento,” she said sitting up straight. Katsuki turned and followed her gaze.
“I love you, too, dad,” she said, and bend down to kiss his brow.
Ellie and Katsuki were standing in the same living room, with Rosie standing right in front of them. She was holding the package. She had opened it and was looking at a CD case. Her brows were furrowed as she was reading the inscription.
Ellie averted her eyes, and made to find the next memento. Katsuki, on the other hand, stepped up next to Watson, and placed an unseeing hand on his shoulder. Ellie saw that Katsuki’s eyes were soft, and something like understanding was written all over his face. He knew loss too well, after all.
“Good,” John breathed. He had trouble staying awake. But he had to fight. He needed to say this.
“Thank you, Doctor Fletcher.”
Sherlock looked straight into John’s eyes. One of his eyebrows was quirked up in question. John held his gaze; he didn’t waver in his resolve.
“Please forgive me, Rosie. I know it has only been a short time we had together, but believe me when I say that I still love you with all my heart, and that I am still with you.”
“I’ve always known that they loved each other,” Rosie said, not looking away from the sunrise in front of her.
Watson’s smile fell from his face. “I know,” he said, turning his head to look into the distance. “And that is why, Rosie, you always need to be daring,” he said, looking back at his daughter. “Don’t ever shy away from anything. Life is too short. No chance lasts forever. It’s gone before you know it. Before you know it, Rosie.”
“Good evening,” Ellie said, extending her hand. The woman took it, her eyes perplexed. “I am Doctor Elizabeth Fletcher, and this is my colleague, Doctor Katsuki Ono.” Katsuki gave her a little wave, but his hand quickly went back to holding unto the equipment.
“It’s beautiful, isn’t it?”
“I’m not religious,” he said, pulling his phone out of his pocket.
“Do you think he died during one of his cases?” he asked, putting his hand on the smooth stone.
Holmes kept smiling brightly at Rosie, and suddenly, Ellie and Katsuki were hit by a wave of affection so strong, Ellie felt like crying from its sheer bitter sweetness. Katsuki actually swayed on his feet, and they both turned around to see Watson standing there, paper bag in one hand, fighting away the tears in his eyes.
They were silent for a moment. “Maybe Miss Watson knows something?” Katsuki said hopefully. He glanced over at Mister Montgomery, who was looking rather unhappy. “We are allowed to discuss this matter with her?”
“A clue!” she exclaimed, picking up a piece of paper that had fallen behind the table. “Dad! Pa! Look at this!” She held out the paper and ran across the room to hand it to her laughing father.
“Lestrade wants us at the morgue,” he said, and Watson looked up. “A man has been found drowned in his own bed.”
“I don’t think you understand!” she screamed, then stormed past him into her room and smashed the door behind her.
The woman let go of Ellie’s hand, still looking confused.
Katsuki didn’t get up. “That will be difficult. This is all too vivid,” he said and shook his head. “And I don’t think this is everything.”
And there he lay, Doctor John Watson, unconscious and attached to a myriad of machines. The bedroom was small as it was, but the machines made it even more claustrophobic. Rosie went to sit on a chair next to the bed, taking hold of her father’s hand.
She walked towards one of the doors at the back of the house, and Ellie and Katsuki follwed her.
Watson looked up at Holmes with big eyes. Holmes raked his eyes over his face, and if Ellie wasn’t mistaken, he looked rather sad. Like he wanted to remember every part of Watson’s face as closely as possible.
Ellie nodded. “We’ll set up our equipment.”
“I think we have to witness whatever is going to happen before we can find our memento,” Katsuki said. Ellie gave him a questioning look, but he was looking straight at Watson. “Don’t you feel it?”
“Oh pa,” she said, flinging her arms around Holmes. They hugged, and neither heard Watson quietly mutter “Sherlock.” Holmes, who was taller than Rosie, rested his head on her shoulder, his eyes closed. She had buried her face in his chest and muttered something only he could hear.
They were standing in a grand dining room, fit for a queen. There were even more fairy lights, and right in the middle was a huge oak table. A chandelier was hanging from the ceiling, reflecting the lights of the candles and lights around it a thousand fold. Ellie had to squint to just look at it.
Ellie wasn’t all too sure what had happened here, but seeing the destruction and the blackened carpet, she guessed there had been an explosion. It didn’t strike her as farfetched; Watson and Holmes had lived dangerous lives. She was just surprised that the flat wasn’t sporting a gaping whole. She was also unsure how everything seemed to be destroyed to the point that it couldn’t be salvaged, but the chairs seemed unscathed.
And there was this glow; it was like it was emanating from Holmes, as if he was a beacon in the night.
“I love you,” he said.
“Not at all,” Katsuki said, heaving the equipment to his other side. “We often go to the patient’s house.”
The next thing they saw was Watson leaning on the walking stick. He was looking down at something, and they both had to walk around him to see it.
“Do you have everything?” Watson asked.
“Say, dad,” Rosie spoke up, putting her empty mug on the table next to her. “Why don’t you move back in with Sherlock?”
“I had a fun childhood. I learned so much from both. Even though they often got themselves into a lot of trouble, and I was often scared for them, I still loved them.” She shook her head. “I’m getting side-tracked, sorry.”
“You’ve got a new case, don’t you?”
He looked over at Rosie, but she didn’t look up when she answered, “Splendid. But surely you knew that already, Mycroft.”
“Wait a minute,” she said, looking up at the man beside her. “John Watson…”
Rosie’s hair and clothes were a mess, but she was still wearing the yellow and black hairband, as immaculate as in the memory Ellie and Katsuki had just left.
“But seeing this,” Rosie picked up the letter, “and thinking about the last talk we had, I think my father only just came to realize what Sherlock actually meant to him.”
“Always,” he said.
“Thanks, dad. I’ll be sure to keep on making you proud from this day on.”
“I tell you, Uncle Mycroft, family gatherings are customary at least once a year, and why not do them at Christmas?” Rosie said, taking a deep gulp from her glass. Mycroft’s face contorted when she said ‘uncle.’
Ellie and Katsuki sprang up and hurried over to the umbrella.
For a moment, it seemed like the rest of the world fell away, leaving emptiness at their feet. The only thing illuminating the darkness was Holmes. He was like a beacon in the sea of this ever growing emptiness.
Ellie had always wondered how easy it was for the world to go on as usual when someone died. Dying was natural. Everyone had to die one day. It was how the world was made. And still it struck her as something so strange, so otherworldly, that every time she saw it happen, she thought the world had to stop breathing as well.
His gaze wandered off into the distance. Ellie could make out the distinct sound of the wind howling through trees.
“I know he’s not my real dad, but he always acted like one, so stop saying that! I want everyone to just stop saying that!” Tears were no streaming down her face. Watson took two steps towards her.
“You’re on.”
Their eyes met in the semi-darkness of the car. She looked at him intently, hoping that she would not have to explain what she meant. He, in turn, looked at her like she was completely daft.
“‘Do something while there is a chance because that chance doesn’t last forever.’” Holmes quoted, and Watson deflated. “And ‘Romantic entanglement will fulfil you as a human being.’”
He sounded nonchalant, but no one on this room could be fooled. Even if Ellie and Katsuki hadn’t been able to see the annoyance vibrating in the air, it was blatant on his face.
“I’m sorry,” Watson blurted out. He immediately clapped his hand to his forehead and winced.
“Are you able to start?” she asked.
She gave him a calculating look, then sagged back into her seat and buckled up again.
Sherlock sucked in a breath and said, “You are not and idiot, John.”
“I’m going to visit Eurus,” he said, walking back to the table perched between the windows and picked up his phone.
Ellie had never seen Sherlock Holmes in person, but she instinctively knew that the man illuminated by the lamps behind the windows was no other than the great detective himself. He was dressed in a smart but simple suit, his hands folded behind his back. He was staring at something down in the streets.
“I’m sorry,” Katsuki said. “But Sherlock Holmes was one of the most intelligent people on this planet! How could he not pick up on this?”
Holmes’s head snapped up. There had been a strange, unfamiliar note to Watson’s voice. Holmes quirked an eyebrow at him in question.
„No no, today you have to be nice to me,” she said, looking up at Holmes, who looked decidedly uncomfortable between all those people. Watson, on the other hand, couldn’t have looked more proud. Holmes grumbled something under his breath, and Rosie laughed again.
She and Katsuki had just turned around when they saw Rosie enter the room. She was dressed in the uniform of a police officer.
Holmes glared at Watson, who just laughed at him. “You are right. But I have to say I hope she does not want to become a consulting detective like you. No offense,” Watson said hastily, “but she is my daughter and I kind of want to keep her life safer than mine or yours.” Holmes nodded at that, and they both went silent.
“Just trying to make conversation,” Holmes said. His eyes met Watson’s and they grinned at each other. Rosie actually laughed out loud at this.
He shifted from one foot to another, winced, then shifted back again. “See this? My leg’s working up again. Still psychosomatic, I guess. But I’m old, so.” He fell silent again.
Next to Ellie, Katsuki sighed. “Sherlock Holmes really should have learned to articulate his feelings more accurately.”
“Speaking of wishes, we need to know his wish to implement it accordingly,” Ellie said.
Behind them, Watson coughed. “I sold the flat,” he said and laughed. “I never expected you to leave everything to me.”
“I would never hate him for that. I never hated him for that.” She looked up at Ellie, her eyes imploring. “Did he know that?”
“Dad?” she said again, looking up, right through Katsuki. They turned around and saw Watson sitting on the sofa, reading the newspaper.
“Take care of dad, will you?” she said when they parted, and Holmes gave her a smile.
Ellie turned around to see Watson standing in the doorway, chuckling to himself. “I think she is unto you, Sherlock,” he said.
“This is too cute,” Katsuki said, laughing, putting his hands over his eyes. Ellie put a hand on his shoulder and laughed along.
They both stood there, not saying anything. Ellie let her gaze wander. Then her eyes fell upon the umbrella.
“You better pray Mortimer doesn’t find out.” She turned and steered the car out of the parking lot.
“Oh Rosie,” the other woman said, and Ellie could hear Rosie sob.
“No, it’s pa!” Rosie cried, jumping up from the sofa. Ellie jumped back at the sudden outburst. “He doesn’t care that I call him that, so why do you all the time? Why does anyone care anyway?”
Ellie gaped at her. Was Rosie implying that Doctor Watson and Sherlock Holmes, who had solved mysteries that no one else could have cracked, were too blind to see their mutual affection for each other? She looked over at Katsuki, who looked just as gobsmacked as she did.
“Is this another blackmail thing? Because if it is, I really am...” Rosie began, but Watson held up his hand, and she went silent.
“This,” Katsuki said, holding up the letter for Mister Montgomery to inspect, “Does not tell us anything about his last wish.”
She rolled her eyes at him. “Out of all the slang words you could use you choose that one,” she said, giving him a stern look. “Out of all the people I know you are the only one who uses it. You, out of all people!”
Holmes was still scrolling through his phone, ignoring everyone else. Ellie stood beside Katsuki, both waiting for Holmes to put the damn thing down. It was always easier to enable the memories without the object in question being in constant motion.
Katsuki leaned on the table, his eyes big. “So, you do know what he means?”
Ellie and Katsuki stood on either side of Watson, looking down at the gravestone. It read ‘Sherlock Holmes.’ Nothing more.
They approached the small group and found that it was Watson, Holmes, and Rosie sitting there, but also a third man Ellie didn’t recognize. He seemed older than Holmes or Watson; his nose was rather prominent; long and straight, which made him look like a hawk. He seemed to look through everything and everyone. It was rather disconcerting.
J:"whatever I want?"
J:"so convinced. alright, what do you want from me if you do manage?"
Sherlock had gone away for winter break, taking Irene with him. John, now a lot more comfortable around Irene bade both of them farewell. He was aware that the two would be returning to the Holmes manor to celebrate 'a meaningless ordeal once having belonged to a belief system restricting human rights but nowadays turned into a sentimental family reunion holiday'. Or 'Christmas', as Irene and John put it. Before leaving, Irene patted John's shoulder. Sherlock hugged a dumbfounded John who carefully patted his back. They seperated. Irene nodded at her cousin and the two disappeared through the fireplace. John himself tried to delay his arrival at home for as long as possible. But eventually time went out and he got up and flooed himself to King's Cross, where he took the train as planned.
!" John whispered to him as he dried Sherlock with a big, fluffy towel and followed it with the moisturising oil.
It was Martin's turn to let out a wordless, frustrated noise.
When he deemed it late enough that the sound of the shower running wouldn't bother anyone sleeping in, Sherlock gave up on hiding behind his pillow and locked himself in the bathroom for a long, hot, steamy one.
This is where it starts to get a bit freaky. Read all tags above and, if need be, turn back now.
Since he was sure Sherlock would stay Little for a while, John made sure to ask if the Petri dish by the microscope needed to be put away.
"Okay," Sherlock finally said, letting John know in that one word that he still wasn't thrilled about it.
The front door opening and John's footsteps on the stair made Sherlock sit up eagerly. Daddy was home! Sort of.
His pulse pitter-pattering in a dizzyingly confused rhythm, Sherlock, light-headed, exhaled with what felt like the last of his strength, "Yes."
"Good boy," Daddy whispered into Sherlock's ear, knowing he needed to hear those words right now.
Cold, wet wipes swiped up and down Sherlock's genitals until every trace of his own fluids was gone. John's fingers wiggled a wipe deep into Sherlock's butt crack and then another over his balls, and soon Sherlock was clean. The soiled nappy went into a bin, and then Daddy was wrapping Sherlock's lower parts in a fresh, dry, very cosy, new nappy.
That's also apparently why John felt the need to divulge to Molly that he'd discovered the secret of enjoyably occupying the same personal space with me, and was ever so happy to share. I'm slowly forgiving him for that; not quite all the way there yet.
The contents of the bags were a string of holiday faerie lights with faux fir, and a scrawny, miniature, fake Christmas tree that didn't even reach John's knees.
To my wonderful readers, I'm sorry the waits between chapters on all my fics have been so long, but my life has been an absolute hell for the past year and a half, and things just got worse this month. Expect the same length of delays for the indefinite future.
"All right!"
Martin sighed, easing up stiffly on his elbows, and huffed, "Are you holding your wee in again?"
Daddy puttered some more around the desk by the sink and said over his shoulder, "Okay, one last thing, and then you can go to sleep..."
Slowly but surely, the toad took the advice and hopped a few times in the direction of the drop-off into the creek.
They played on the swings almost a half-hour before John caught Sherlock yawning.
Sherlock winced hard. He meant for it to come out,
"But, I didn't hurt him or anything. I just... bumped him a little bit to see if he would move."
Mycroft also left sweets that our parents insisted he stop by to pick up. I let John have most of them. Mrs. Hudson brought us Easter leftovers too from wherever she went that day. John insists he told me where, but I wasn't listening. I think she sent some of her homemade Easter cake along with Mycroft too. Like he needs it.
After some nose-blowing and a short assisted rinse in the tub, John guided his little baby to the bedroom for diapering.
Mary quirked an eyebrow at him, saying, "If he's going to be like
John held up his mug, saying, "Cheers, mate."
Sherlock's toes had a decently strong grip around John's finger when the doctor brushed downward along the soles of his feet. After checking the plantar reflex, John went to the worktop sink to wash and dry his hands, came back to the cot, and snapped a sterile glove onto his left hand.
