Their eyes remain locked on each other's for what feels like minutes, but in reality, it's only a few seconds before Dean break is. "Let me see your phone," and before Cas can look confused Dean explains. "I'm going to give you my number." Cas reaches into his pocket and pulls out his phone, handing it to the Winchester. Once they have each other's numbers the night slowly rolls to a close and Dean decides he should get back because he has work tomorrow.
Castiel fights back the urge to shout ‘yes’, and instead narrows his eyes playfully. "Is this a ploy to try and have sex with me?"
Cas pulls himself out of his thoughts before Dean starts to question why he's not answering him. "And your brothers got to meet her I assume?"
Cas stops and looks at him. "No, it's nothing like that. I would gladly help you if you wish to learn, but I wanted you to know that you don't have to."
Well, it’s now or never.
When he closes the door to their hotel room behind him he throws the salad at his brother and plops himself on his own bed. Sam looks over to Dean, then to his salad, but he has to do a double take seeing the smile, not only in Dean's eyes but spread all over his face. Not to mention he's practically ebbing happiness.
It isn’t that Dean is afraid of heights, it’s just not natural for people to be up this high!
Cas has an amused smirk play across his face and light up his eyes. "Dean, what did you think was going to happen if you won?"
Before anyone else can say anything, Sam turns away yawning. “Sorry, I had a hectic day today.”
“How were you able to fit into a vent with your wings?” Dean asks.
“We need to talk,” Cas says after taking a sip of his coffee.
· 2 hours ago
"Small, it's just my brother and I."
All the heart stopping events aside, here's the next chapter! :D
Dean continues watching him from the corner of his eye, it's something else to focus on aside from the numbers. What comes to mind, is that Cas isn't anything like he pictured someone like a mob boss to be.
“Morning,” Dean mumbles back. He eyes the coffee pot from where he stands in the dining room awkwardly, unsure what to do at this point.
After they finish up their dinner, the four of them decide to watch a movie. They all make their way into the living room and they scan the, rather sparse, selection. Gabriel is the first to pull out a movie.
“Who is he going after?” Castiel snarls, dread filling the pit in his stomach.
Dean waves a hand at Sam to tell him it’s fine. “It’s just a sneeze, Samm-” He interrupts himself with another sneeze and whispers to himself, “Fuck,”
It’s the moment the tickets are in his hands that Dean realizes Sam could possibly have something going on next Friday, Saturday, and Sunday, and he pauses. What if he bought these for nothing? He thins his lips and shakes his head folding up his normal admissions ticket so he can’t see what it is and magnets it on the side of fridge for safekeeping — also putting it in a spot that Sam won’t second guess why there's a paper and gets too nosey for his own good, sneaking a peek at what’s inside. As for Sam’s ticket, he folds it into threes and slides it into an envelope, sticking it under the same magnet as his ticket. He will give it to Sam tomorrow even though his birthday is in three days.
Вы нашли его? - Did you find him?
Dean’s inner instincts kick in and he almost lets a purr slip while he’s basking in the scent, but thankfully he cuts it off before it can start. What is he thinking, purring for a random fucking stranger? You only purr around your mate, or family if it’s a child.
Cas’ scent on the pillows has a calming effect on him but also serves to make him more aroused. He works himself open to slide the second finger in and scissor himself. His fingers brush against his prostate and he bites back a moan arching his back imagining that Cas is the one doing this to him. He imagines him naked hovering over him, looking at him with those powerful blue eyes that send shivers down his spine.
Also ... Sammy!
“What?” Castiel furrows his brows.
“It's all good, Sammy.” Dean forces a loud yawn and stretches over the back of the couch. “I'm heading to bed. I'm beat. See you when I see you.”
It works for now, but this behavior makes Dean think. If Castiel’s men are like this, is Castiel like this as well? Should he tell him about his kit? Dean wasn’t awake for when Castiel first stepped into his apartment, what was his reaction?
"Dean, from what I heard from Gabriel, you're very responsible. He told me about the papers you misplaced." Cas leans over to try and get Dean to look at him so he can see the truth in his eyes, but Dean doesn't meet his stare.
Just as a warning for anyone who doesn’t like this kind of stuff, there is an explicit scene in the middle of this chapter, and before you get excited, no, it’s not Dean with Cas. It’s just Dean. Also, sorry if this chapter feels a little off, i don't know what it is, but I struggled getting it out, but I hope it's okay enough.
Castiel smiles appreciatively and sits himself up. “Thank you, this is perfect.” He grabs it and takes a careful sip. His eyes closing to bask in the bitter taste for a moment. “I’m feeling better. A little fuzzy, but much better.” He opens his eyes and meets Dean’s concerned green gaze. He lowers the mug to his lap and cradles the ceramic gently. “I’m so sorry I passed out like that last night. I don’t know what came over me.”
“Are the tickets still being sold?” Dean asks making both of them to turn their attention to him. “Okay wait,” Dean purses his lips in thought trying to put them together so it doesn’t come out rambled. “I’m new to the whole convention thing,”
. Michael looks up, meeting Castiel's eyes, and apparently, the look on his face is humorous because he breaks out into an outright laugh.
Dean squawks. “I’m 31, thank you very much. I’m still just as good as when I was your age.”
The blonde hums sizing him up. "Maybe it's for the best. With looks like yours, you'd be eaten up so fast you wouldn't know what hit you."
Meg laughs at that. “Oh, yes, Pakhan is far from traditional, but don’t let that be the only thing you think of when you see him. Know he got to the position he is now because he earned it.”
There is a blonde man standing on the walkway, looking unimpressed by his surroundings. He’s shorter than Dean, but Dean can’t tell what his designation is since the man is wearing scent blockers. His ice-blue eyes are on him the second Dean opened the door and it feels like they pierce through him. He’s wearing a black, well-tailored suit, much like Castiel and that Gadreel guy from the bodega. He has to be Balthazar.
I'm gonna start this off saying I'm not particularly happy with this chapter. I had no outline for this it, which isn't something I usually do, so that’s why I’m a little late with this update (as well as school being back in session). I wasn’t sure how I wanted to proceed with this it, but I hope this isn’t too bad. That being said, I make no promises when chapter 4 will be up because I'm in the same position as this time, but know that it will be here eventually. I apologize about any grammar or spelling mistakes I made, I didn't read through this and edit it like I should have. I also ended it in a weird place so I may come back to that and add a little to make it flow a little better.
“We did,” Sam cuts in. “Turns out, Alistair is working for someone else. We tailed Alistair to a club and I was able to get Gabriel into a vent so he could listen in to a conversation Alistair was having with someone.”
Sam scoffs hearing the word therapy. "Dean would never dream of doing something like that.” Sam twists his mug just to fidget with something and keep his mind in line. “It isn't like he thinks people that do go to therapy are weak, it just … he gets into his own head sometimes, you know? And with our dad … He made Dean feel that men who show emotions are weak."
Gabriel looks between them and smiles. "Aww, look at you two already flirting, but I'm afraid I'm going to have to ask you to save it for dinner."
Cas knows what Gabriel wants to say, but won't, at least not in front of Sam and Dean. He'd tell him to tell Michael to shove it and to not give into him every single time. Which isn't true. Cas most certainly does not give in to Michael's every demand. He just happens to give in to ninety percent of them. So instead of answering Gabriel, he turns back to the brothers.
When he’s nearly done with grading the papers the doorbell rings, and there can only be one reason for it. Chinese is here. Had he really been grading for that long? Going to get up he stops when he hears the door opening and Sam’s voice following. Pivoting himself, throwing an arm over the back of the couch he watches the exchange. Sam closes the door and turns to Dean holding up the food with a smile walking over and plopping next to his brother.
"Hey," Dean says back and curls his tail around his leg. He doesn't want it to give away how nervous he is right now.
The sound of the door opening startles Castiel. He pulls back and frantically wipes his face. Dean doesn’t seem to care though and tries kissing Castile’s neck to get him back in the program. When Sam steps into view, Castiel can only imagine the look on his face. Wide-eyed, face flushed, hair askew. A proper ‘deer caught in the headlights’ look.
Cas’ eyes flick to Dean’s lips, both of them gravitating toward one another.
A woman comes up beside him a moment later and threads her arm through Cas’. She has hair the same color as Cas’ and she’s quite a bit shorter than him. Something ugly twists in his gut and his fingers twitch. He doesn’t want anyone touching what’s his, but Cas doesn’t seem bothered by her presence. Perhaps she’s a friend. He bites his lip to stop himself from going over there and surprising Cas with his presence just to get her away from him.
Cas furrows his brows with a squint and tilts his head to the side. It is one of the most adorable expressions Dean has ever seen and he can't get over it. "What do you mean?"
Cas smiles warmly at the compliment. “Thank you.”
Sam narrows his eyes at his brother. “I admit I liked her back when I was in middle school, but I don’t know her anymore.” He shrugs leaning his butt against the counter crossing his arms over his chest. “Besides, she probably doesn’t even remember me. Hell, she has people probably throwing themselves at her all the time now and I’d look pathetic trying to contact her now only after I found out she’s an actress.”
"Shut up." Dean rolls his eyes.
"You don't say." Dean mutters still looking around bright eyed and bushy tailed.
“Need some help with that?”
"That's not it, Charlie…"
"No, he's not an actor."
Что это? - What is it?
“Uh, can I actually go to the store and get it?” Dean asks, looking back at Cas.
Sam rolls his eyes, but clears his throat and prepares himself. "Hey … Jess, uh," He clears his throat again, not looking Dean in the eyes. "I don't know if you recognize me."
Castiel chuckles at his thoughts. It starts as giggling and slowly devolves into full-blown laughter. He doesn’t even know why he’s laughing, but it feels really good to be so happy. He doesn’t notice the pair staring at him with twin looks of confusion until his laughter dies a minute or two later.
Cas stays standing. He’s staring out the window, but Dean knows he wants to say something with the way his wings shift a little behind him. “I don’t want to further upset your stomach by making you nervous, but you need to know,”
львенок - baby lion
When the elevator dings, Dean looks back at Castiel, his brows drawing in a look of concern. “Cas? What happened?”
That’s when it clicks with him. The alpha had been wearing scent blockers previously. Discreetly, Dean takes in another deep breath through his nose. Pine trees right after a rainstorm. Dean can imagine the alpha standing in the midst of a pine forest, needles still wet from the rain, staring at Dean with those electric blue eyes and beckoning him to him.
“Yeah,
“I’m not going to say you shouldn’t worry about Alistiar, that would get you killed, but know that Castiel won’t let anything happen to you. Especially now that you’re mated.” She stares at him for a moment before speaking again. “Also, don’t be surprised if he imprints on your kit. In fact, it will be a good thing if he does and considers it his own.”
Sam looks up and sees Cas is clearly upset by something. “You okay?”
A smile gradually grows on her face until she is practically a lighthouse. “Get out! No way! Oh my god, Dean!” She repeatedly smacks him on the arm lightly, bouncing where she sits. Dean smiles at her and she collects herself, turning to face him, ready for the gossip. “Okay, Winchester, give me all the deets. Leave nothing out. Was he just as attractive in person as on TV?” Dean arches a brow at that question since she made it very clear that she isn’t into men. She sees this and rolls her eyes. “I may only be into girls, but I can appreciate attractive men.”
“Wait, that’s how you broke your leg?”
Sam’s eyes stare at the white envelope for a few seconds, probably trying to guess just what could be in it, before bringing his eyes back to meet Dean’s green ones. “Dean,”
Dean lets out a breath he didn’t know he was holding. “Awesome. Okay, I, uh, will text you then.”
Cas squeezes his arm, his scent spiking with anger towards himself. Dean quickly opens his mouth to try and remedy it. “I knew coming into this that you were going to be busy with everything else that you do. Being a leader of a large group can’t be easy. So … I knew, really. I just …” Dean sighs, rubbing his face, then looking at the ceiling. Is he really about to say this?
“You have my word, so long as you tell the truth.”
. They had talked as if it was a normal occurrence. Dean just met Castiel
Peanut butter and hot sauce. That’s what Dean’s body decided it wanted to crave right now. Rummaging through the cupboards, he pulls the peanut butter out and grabs some hot sauce from the fridge. Filling a scoop with a spoon, he puts some hot sauce on it and eats it. He turns up his nose as the two flavors hit his tongue. Not great. He then grabs some pickles and chocolate syrup, drizzling it on the pickle, he bites into it.
“I, uh- it’s, um, 10:30.”
As a side note, we are catching up to the chapters I have pre-written, but I'm gonna try keeping the updates on Fridays the best I can.
Отведите его в подвал, я буду там позже. Согрей его для меня, - Take him to the basement, I will be there later. Warm him up for me,
Tuesdays are great.
Sam's eyes glide between his brother and Cas. "Are you sure it's okay?"
He thinks to himself.
"What if we bring someone else into this, someone that was like him once?" Gabriel looks to Charlie. "I'm not saying you weren't like him once, but maybe he's got into his head like you said, Sam. What if he thinks it's more difficult for men to come out and accept themselves in that way?"
Dean meets his eyes, watching as the light from the window reflects off them, turning them different shades of blue. Dean takes a breath, captivated. He’s never been this close to Cas and been able to appreciate him like this. He never would have allowed himself before today.
Dean smiles and swallows the food in his mouth before speaking. “I’m a freelance mechanic.”
“Shut up, and sit down I'm helping.” Dean's eyes widen and he sits on his bed. “Tell me what the problem is. I see quite a few things you could wear that would look great on you.”
“Who are you?” Dean asks anyway, not wanting to give the stranger the easy answer by giving out the name he’s looking for.
“I’m sorry,” Castiel mutters, eyes locked on the little swells of blood.
Dean pushes his imaginary hair over his shoulder with a triumphant smirk. "It's a talent."
“Yes,” Castiel rolls his eyes. It isn’t like he’s never had a drink before. Besides, he isn’t planning on drinking much. He’ll be perfectly fine to drive them home by the time they leave. “I’m going to need a little something if I want to get through tonight.”
When Dean doesn’t respond again, Castiel looks up and meets his eyes. Dean kisses him once more before smiling. “Alright.”
“What’s the limit?” Dean asks.
"It's quite alright, Dean."
"Dean," Sam sighs.
God, he hopes he made the right decision by not telling Cas about the pregnancy.
Sam rolls his eyes remembering why he doesn’t confide in Dean very often, and it probably would have been best if he kept the Jess thing to himself. Telling him only gave him more fuel to tease him about. “Forget it Dean. I have a paper to write.” Sam pushes off the counter and heads up the steps to his room.
Chapter Title: Man Down by Rhianna
Cas turns to Dean, drawing him from his thoughts, and gently grabs him by the neck. Dean stiffens immediately, not liking someone else's hand on the pressure point there. That's when Cas leans in and Dean's heart nearly explodes out of his chest due to adrenaline. Its a good thing he has blockers on right now, or he would be throwing all kinds of warning scents around like confetti. Before Cas kisses him like Dean is expecting, Cas diverts his course. Instead, he goes for the second most unwanted place and scent marks him. The junction where your neck and shoulder meet is intimate. It's a way only mates would dare do in public … oh …
Chapter Title: The Wounded World by The Amity Affliction
Cas' frown doesn't leave his face, in fact, it deepens. "I never accused you of being such a thing. I think it's nice that you have something you're so passionate about, be it a tv show or anything else. Everyone has something they love to do in their spare time, or else life would be boring." Cas tilts his head a little, eyes squinting slightly. "You shouldn't be embarrassed about liking something, Dean. And as for people thinking of you as pathetic, nobody would do that. Especially not here."
“We’re wearing Cas’ clothes because I have an idiot for a brother,” Sam says, still a little bitter over it.
Inias swallows again. “I- uh- I don’t know. I’m sorry, I haven't seen you before.”
Dean watches the muscles in Cas’ jaw tense, and his hand on Dean’s knee tightens. “He won’t. As far as he’s concerned, the child is mine. He will believe it just as everyone else will.” Cas stands, his wings drawing back slowly and Dean finds himself wishing they would come back. His tail wraps around his middle to try and replicate the security he felt with them. It fails. He doesn’t like letting himself look so frail around anyone, especially people of power like Cas is. But what does he have to lose?
Sam rolls his eyes, a faint smile forming, and huffs. “I knew I should have come down.” The smile fades away and he looks him over with large puppy eyes. “Are you alright?”
There is no God powerful enough to stop the blush that flushes across Castiel’s cheeks.
*****
They say their goodbyes and after watching Cas disappear, the brothers talk to Gabriel for a few more minutes before leaving Gabriel alone to head home.
“Then we could each just tell him about how it's okay.” Gabriel shrugs. “Subtly, of course.”
Disclaimer. I only know how to say “hi” in Russian. Do with that what you may.
“It’s the least I could do. You met Sammy, after all.”
Scratch the last time, this is the epitome of bliss.
Gabriel smiles seeing someone already struggling, but she finally writes an answer. "Looks like I already stumped someone, but it's all good, don't worry, the next question is more difficult."
looking to Sam. “And you must be Sam, it's nice to finally meet you. Dean has said nothing but good things about you.” Cas stretches out a hand and Sam happily takes it with a firm shake, and out of the corner of his eye he gives
Sam arches an expectant brow in his direction. "And?"
“Or something,” Dean mutters.
Castiel contemplates entertaining his brother for a second. If he doesn't tell him, he'll most likely keep bothering him, and he came here to study. He has a midterm coming up too. That last though is the deciding factor for him when he says, "Dean."
Cas stabs a piece and offers it to Dean like he's expecting to feed it to him. Dean eyes it, then looks at Cas, realizing that's exactly what he's doing. Dean tries, he really does, to stop the blush from showing on his cheeks, but from the glint in Cas’ eyes he has a feeling he failed. He opens his mouth and takes the piece of food, not able to keep eye contact.
Nearing the end of the episode, it fades to Misha’s bedroom. The camera is directed to a pair of feet in some fancy, sleek, black shoes. As the camera pans up it reveals Misha in a suit fixing his tie in front of a mirror, hair slicked back, stubble on his face. He must be getting ready to go undercover. He is looked like a respectable, sophisticated man, but he is now a mafia leader.
“I don't think you understand what kind of target you have on your back now, Dean."
“It’s a piece of cake.” Dean corrects with a fond smile.
He flips the shield up on his helmet. There are alot of people, but he doesn’t see Could-Be-Sam.
out there. Shallow assholes that won’t take their head out of their ass long enough to see how the world is now. People are unbelievable. If you knew Castiel AT ALL then you would know he isn’t like that. And trust me, Castiel wouldn’t be the only one who would never hit on the likes of you. Women probably avoid you too with an attitude like that.
Dean blows a hard gust of air out of his nose in annoyance. Reaching into his pocket, he pulls his pack of cigarettes out. He can
“Oh, no I believe you. You’re stalker worthy material all right.” The boy chides with a shit eating grin.
When they pull up to Inias’ townhouse, it looks peaceful. It looks normal. But normal doesn’t always mean good. He walks up the stairs and looks in the window closest to the stairs.
They don't speak during the ride. Dean doesn't know whether to be thankful or not for the silence. It means he doesn't have to be subject to more criticism, but that also means he's being left to his thoughts.
“Michael,” Castiel says, disapprovingly.
I feel like I need to explain the Demis in this world just a little. There are Demis of all animals, like birds, bears, wolves, panthers, snakes, etc. Dean is a Demi cat and Cas is a Demi Hawk. I wanted to make this world a little different than other ABO worlds, but Demis are similar to Weres if you’ve read other stories where they are called so.
“Yup.”
Gabriel laughs and starts to make his drink. There aren’t many people in the cafe right now seeing it’s decently late, but there are a few people here and there. His attention is drawn back when Gabriel slides his drink to him with a smile. “Well, I’m glad you’re doing it so I don’t have to. I admire your desire to change the younger generation, even if it is futile because children listen to nobody.”
Cas frowns. "Yes, I will not force you into mating me."
Cas is squinting at him, mulling the question over like he can’t fathom why Dean would possibly want to do such a thing. “Of course, Gadreel will be accompanying you tomorrow and he will drive you to the store. There will be five of us.” Cas glances back at the stairs before looking at Dean again. “I would like it if you would try and get some sleep when you’re finished with those. You should be well-rested when meeting them.”
“That’s good. Mating can be stressful for pregnant omegas. Though I have no doubt that our dear Pakhan treated you well.” Dean can feel a blush heat his face and he keeps his face turned away from Cas. “Okay, I’m gonna have you lay down here and lift your shirt.”
“So they plan on selling me.” He doesn’t say it as a question.
He brings his other hand to his cock and continues to pump himself a little sloppily. Thankfully he doesn't have to keep at it for too long before he's coming into his hand and on his stomach.
He narrows his eyes. “Well, it ain’t. Feet on the ground, Masters.”
“Would you like something to drink?” Castiel asks from behind him, bringing his attention back to him.
"Cas, relax." Dean laughs walking towards him a little so he can clap a hand on his shoulder. "It's a joke." Dean locks eyes with the dark haired man and he can't help himself, he wants to see his reaction. "If I didn't know any better I would say you're trying to keep me all to yourself." Dean winks and a light blush dusts across Cas' face causing Dean's heart rate to pick up slightly. He was not expecting this to backfire on him like this. Cas is cute when he blushes. Dean laughs patting Cas' shoulder. "Sorry, sorry, that joke went too far. I'll stop now."
"Not when you put yourself in unnecessary danger by deliberately trying to lose Gadreel.”
He looks around his decrepit apartment and his chest tightens. He isn’t attached to it or anything, but it’s been his not-so-safe safe house for years. The place he’s going to be leaving for good and going to live with a random alpha he just met. An alpha that also happens to be in charge of a group of dangerous criminals.
“It was that new addiction phase, okay. Everyone looked up pictures of their favorite show when they get addicted to it in the beginning.” He argues, probably a little too defensively.
Dean sighs, thinking about Cas. How kind he’s been, even though he was born in a world where he was raised to be evil. Yes, he’s killed, but he didn’t do it because he enjoyed it. How Cas has a penthouse fill of plants that he cares for.
Dean throws his head back and startles Cas with a boisterous laugh, but once Cas is reassured that Dean is, in fact, not hurt, he starts to laugh along with him and the other men. Dean’s laughter slows and he looks over at Cas to see him still laughing, his eyes closed. They’re a lot closer than Dean had thought, their legs tangled together in the pile of bodies. Dean’s heart soars hearing Cas’ laugh so close he can almost feel it in his own chest.
Cas is hanging near the rear watching everyone like a hawk, occasionally trying to join in and take the ball, but someone would always take it from him. Little did they know he wanted them to steal the ball so Cas could study how they did it so he can replicate it. He slowly starts to put what he’s learning to use and soon Cas is feeling much more comfortable with the sport and is ready to steal the ball. He sees Dean running down the field with the ball and Cas focuses in and catches up to Dean.
“So,” Dean starts, deciding to put some nerves at rest so his brain will be able to focus today instead of worry needlessly. “Have anything planned for this weekend?” He stands up when he finishes his coffee and rises it out before setting it in the sink for cleaning later, then heads over to the fridge grabbing something for lunch, then goes to the door getting ready to leave.
"I know," Michael pulls back and looks him over with a sad smile. "So, why don't you tell me what really happened while we eat."
“Good. Are you hungry?”
"Would I ever," Dean says without hesitating and the two of them make their way to the trailer.
“Dean,” Sam said with a tone that indicates that that was the most ridiculous question he’s ever heard. Which, to be fair, it was. It’s Tuesday at three pm. “So are you good with Chinese?”
All Dean can do is nod. Everything feels very off, like he’s waiting for the other shoe to drop. Cas should be angry.
“Good morning,” Cas says, his voice deeper with a heavier accent than normal right next to his ear. Dean jolts and pushes himself up on his elbows, looking down at Cas. Oh, that’s right, he mated with Cas last night.
Dean frowns and turns his eyes away. “Still, that's gotta hurt.”
"Why don't we go out to eat?" Dean says with his cheek resting in the palm of his hand.
Sam nods and they get out and run up to the house, under the roofed porch and ringing the doorbell. Yet again the few seconds they were out in the storm got them the rest of the way wet. They weren't quite soaked to the bone, but their clothes were dripping.
Trying to think of something to get his mind off Cas looking devastatingly handsome before Dean gets himself into an awkward situation, he says the first thing that comes to his mind. "Those girls seemed nice."
The elevator dings and the doors open again, letting in the fresh scent of alpha and plants. It does wonders for washing away Dean’s anxieties for the time being. Slowly, he walks in and truly takes in the place.
“I was in Gabe’s Cafe last night after having a little fight with Sam, and that’s when Castiel walked in.” Her eyes slowly widen and her mouth slacks open slightly. “I got to meet him because I choked on my coffee.”
If he does end up going down that road again, he’s going to need to be more careful. Can’t get caught by one of Cas’ men. His stomach flutters and he feels kind of sick again. He closes his eyes, taking a breath.
“Awesome.”
I didn’t necessarily wake up one day and think ‘Today is the day I’m going to start dating’. I just met him on coincidence and it played out from there.
And doesn’t that feel oddly domestic, like Castiel isn’t a high-end crime boss? Then again, who says crime bosses have to act a certain way? That’s just a pre-conceived notion everyone has of people like Castiel. Who knows, maybe they just want to be nice sometimes as well.
Michael opens his mouth, pauses, then continues, “Dean seems like a very interesting individual, and perhaps you two would be good friends, but don’t you think that he’s a little too old for you?”
"Yes." Castiel thins his lips, his heart thudding wildly in his chest as he prepares himself for what he's about to say. Taking a steadying breath, he goes for it, rushing it all out in one breath. "He bought me a drink and we talked and he's really nice and he brought me back to his place." He chances a look up at his brother when he remains quiet.
“If you wanna know what I heard, I only know something about you two trying to help Dean.” Gabriel meets Sam’s concerned eyes. “I could be of some use, and I'm Dean's friends too so if he's in some kind of trouble,”
“I suspect you came because you heard about what happened?” Cas says in lieu of answering.
Вы найдете мне этого доктора и сиделку. Сейчас. - You will find me that doctor and nurse. Now,
A small warm smile escapes her, and when it dies down she gives him a fond look. “I have to know, I heard some kids teasing Carlos about getting his ass chewed on by you. What happened?”
The man talks with the pair, or, more like, Cas, for a minute. After what seems to be a moment of silence, and a lot of awkward shuffling on Cas’ part, the man reaches out and lightly trails his hand down Cas’ arm. Dean nearly loses it. He has his door half-open, ready to kill the kid, but Sam bodily throws himself over Dean. His little brother grapples for the door, and when he gets it, yanks it shut.
Castiel tilts his head to the side a bit, eyes squinted slightly. "You like salads?"
Cas opens the passenger side door and slides in with a, “Hello, Dean.”
Dean watches Sam, as he takes a breath. “Dad … left, Sam. He didn’t tell me where he was going either.”
“Mission?” Dean frowns, turning his head to the alpha. “So it was a premeditated attack?”
“Thank you,” Cas says, breaking his thoughts, “for telling me this.” Cas reaches out and puts a hand on the side of Dean’s neck in the way mates do to comfort one another. The crazy thing is that Dean actually starts relaxing and soothes his frayed nerves. This is why he doesn’t talk about his emotions. It leaves him drained and raw.
“Of course.”
Dean drops his hand from Cas and Cas watches him closely. When Dean turns his head away from Cas there was a look in his eyes that meant something was bothering Dean. Does Dean make jokes when he's in situations that make him uncomfortable? Cas frowns slightly and calms himself down.
“Trust me, I haven’t forgotten.” Dean glares over at her, but she knows the look doesn’t have malicious intent. “Have you forgotten you hacked my laptop a few months ago because I wouldn’t tell you the new show I was watching.”
Time to see Cas' reaction! No Gabriels were hurt in the making of this chapter.
Once he’s in the room, the scent of stale blood, vomit, and urine permeate the air of the small concrete box. It isn’t a pleasant smell, and Castiel will need a shower before he sees Dean again, but he’s used to unpleasant scents. The alpha’s head is hanging low, shoulders slumped, and his breathing is shallow. The only reason Castiel knows he’s conscious is because the alpha stiffens when he enters the room.
Cas’ eyes widen and he looks down then back up with an almost shy smile. “It’s silly,” Cas holds it up and shows Dean the cover. “But I find it relaxing.”
I'm posting early! Just a side note for all of you. There will not be any Sabriel in this story. I like Gabriel teasing Sam but I personally don't ship them.
“Wait,” Sam's brows come together. “Cas is…?” Sam didn't want to say gay because he could be bi or something else, but Charlie finishes his sentence for him.
Sam looks down at the napkin and sees Dean's little message.
Cas seems very pleased by this. So much so that he doesn’t even argue that Dean isn’t stealing his food, he simply takes Dean’s food and starts feeding him with a content smile in his eyes. It’s a little embarrassing at first, but Dean slowly finds himself relaxing and allowing himself to enjoy it.
Benny nods and motions for him to go ahead, “Need any help getting settled in?”
Cas’ phone starts to sing in his back pocket so he pulls it out and sees who it is. Sees Gabriel's name and tells the brothers he'll be right back before going into the hall and answering the call.
“You’re shaking.”
Dean stands up. “And I think that’s my cue.” Balthazar doesn’t even argue, just stares at Castiel slightly amused. “I’ll take him home, you good getting a cab?”
Eventually, Dean is the first to be able to break the gaze. He clears his throat and drops his eyes to the ground for a second before looking back into Castiel's eyes for a second longer and nodding towards the door. "Shall we?"
Dean nods and tries to remain calm. What is his family like? Cas isn’t anything like Dean thought he would be, so maybe Dean should go into this with an open mind … for the most part. These people are part of the Russian Mafia, after all. One can never be too careful. Just because Cas isn’t like the usual mob boss, doesn’t mean his family is going to be the same.
Their eyes lock and Cas searches for any unease in Dean, but he doesn't see any. Cas gives a small smile to try and lighten the mood. "Alright." And he walks over to the door opening it for Dean.
"Let's get all the food on the table."
“I’ve made a lot of people angry,” Dean says in a split-second decision and meets Castiel’s eyes. Nobody can smell the pregnancy pheromones on him yet, so he’ll be able to get away with it. He’ll have to find a way to get more of the scent neutralizer, but that’s a problem for later. The scent of pregnant omega will show up faster than a blink of an eye. “So having me as a mate would bring that all to you.”
Cas nods. "Enjoy your time at your brother's."
“But you cannot keep secrets from me,” Cas continues. “Not if we are to make this appear as a convincing mating.” He pauses for a moment, seeming to be under control again. “I understand why you might not want to tell me, and that’s why I’ve been waiting for you to tell me on your own, but seeing as you’re only going to keep trying to go behind my back, you leave me no choice. I won’t let you put you or your child in harm’s way like you are.”
Sam looks him in the eye and shrugs wanting his brother to text Cas because reasons, so he encourages his thought even though Cas will most certainly not confirm it. "Doesn't hurt to try, does it?"
The soft clicking of a plate being set on the table brings Castiel out of his thoughts. A body gracefully sits at the opposite end of the dining table and he looks up to see Michael. He’s still in his suit, his tie flipped over his shoulder so it won’t get dirty as he eats.
“Some alpha. Inias or whatever. I don’t know, he wasn’t my target so I wasn’t debriefed on him.”
Dean shakes his head. “Nothing,” he says, then mutters, “my life is so fucked up.”
"Being here so often, one must acquire their sixth sense."
"Did you hear a thing I said?" Dean spits, getting annoyed. "He would be scared shitless if I asked him right off the bat. This is something he needs to be eased into. I know he'll do it, he has the potential, but he needs
Sam still standing in the open doorway watching his brother leave whispering a petulant, “It’s Sam.” to himself.
His phone is dead.
“I was stupid.” He huffs. “Students don’t listen to their teachers. I of all people should have known that.”
“No, thanks,” Dean says and looks back at Castiel.
Gabriel smiles, amused at the story, but decides to help her out from Sam's interrogations. "Okay, but what I'm not getting is, if Dean is fine and dandy with other people being anything other than straight, why is it not okay for him?"
“He's emotionally constipated,” Charlie speaks up quickly, wanting to say it ever since she heard Sam say it while he explained what was going on. Sam gives her a smile knowing she's been itching to say it.
"We are on a vacation and you still only think about school. Typical Sammy for ya." Dean rolls back onto his back and gets up, heading over to the door and putting on his leather jacket. "I'll go grab us some food then while you torture yourself over that paper."
*****
Sam's heart is hammering against his ribcage. It's now or never. "I, uh … I know." She furrows her brows clearly confused. "I'm guessing you don't recognize me, but we used to go to middle school together. I'm-"
Все что угодно для тебя, - Anything for you,
“You found my gun,” He whispers like if he speaks any louder it will break the moment.
“Inias, unusual name.” Dean chuckles looking at Castiel. “Kinda like Castiel.” He leans in and claims Castiel’s lips in a slow, passionate kiss. He guides his tongue into his mouth and Castiel lets him, uncaring about consequences right now. He knows, logically, it’s rude since Dean is in a conversation with Inias and the man can’t leave without looking rude himself. Dean pulls back a minute later and grins devilishly at him before turning his attention back to the blushing bartender. “Inias.” Dean’s eyes seem to shift a little, turning a little colder. “I’ll remember that.”
Castiel feels tears sting the back of his throat, desperately longing for his sister’s calming touch. He always went to her if he started feeling unsteady like he wasn’t in control of himself. Especially after the car accident. She would calm him down. She was his rock. He only wishes he could have been the same for her. Wishing he saw how much she was hurting too.
Sam sighs running a hand down his face. "So you guilted him into it."
“Wha- n-no, that’s not, I…” Castiel thins his lips and collects himself, feeling his cheeks burning. “I wasn’t expecting you to be here.”
“I guess,” Dean says before looking out the window.
Castiel sighs, looking at Dean. “I’m sorry about Michael and Luke.”
“Aw, Clarence, it’s about time." Meg laughs heartily. "I was starting to wonder if you even had a libido.”
One cup won’t hurt. He nods and walks over to get some before coming back to the table and joining the alpha. It’s strangely peaceful between them, both sitting quietly and enjoying their coffee. Then Cas speaks up.
“Cassie, you never watched the movie I got you.”
A car horn beeps behind him in the parking garage and he ignores them, trying to get a glimpse of the person that looks like Sam. Are his eyes playing tricks on him? The car honks again and Dean hears the man yelling at him. He ignores him again, but finally pulls out and parks in front of the building, scouring the crowd.
“No,” Cas says and Dean furrows his brows, looking at him. “You are to be my mate. While you don’t need to be burdened with everything I do, you should be included in my work.”
While grading papers can be very tedious and aggravating at times, sometimes he comes across some sentences, or even whole papers, that just crack him up and make them worth it. He honestly should let them do personal essays more often. The bell above the door jingles indicating a new customer, but he doesn’t look up from the paper his eyes are glued to seeing it’s one of those rare moments that make it all worth it.
When Dean arrives at the shop, he frowns seeing it look closed. He gets out of the car and makes his way to the shop’s windows and sees the little ‘Closed’ sign hanging on the door. His eyes trail over to the hours sheet on the door and sees the shop isn’t supposed to close until six. It’s only 4:30, why is it closed? Dean leans close to the glass, cupping his hands around his eyes to better see inside.
“I’ll see you tonight,” Castiel cuts him off, “I have class soon. I love you.” and hangs up handing the flip phone back to Dean like it’s physically hurting him to hold it.
Chapter Title: Hopelessly Hopeful by Asking Alexandria
Also, if I repeat anything, please don't be afraid to tell me, I realized I repeated a part that I had in earlier chapters in the last chapter with Meg telling Dean he's having a boy. I already had that in an early chapter so I took it out of the last chapter. My notes for this story are very jumbled so I might have added the same scenes in multiple places. I'm working on getting my outline cleaned up so I hopefully won't have any slip-ups. I have up to chapter 36 planned out and I'm thinking we're at the halfway point right now, so I think this story will be somewhere around 40ish chapters.
Я не могу поверить, что пахан захочет быть с кем-то, кто живет в таком убожестве - I cannot believe Pakhan would want to be with someone who lives in such squallar.
“Alright,” Cas sighs running a hand through his hair and glancing out the window at the end of the hall, it’s starting to get a little darker out, but that could just be because darker clouds are rolling in. “be safe, Gabriel. I’ll make sure to save you some food.”
Dean gives a small smirk, not able to resist teasing his little brother. "You have friends, Sammy?"
Holy shit. That was Sam.
Dinner at the Winchester household went much better than Castiel expected it to. There were no awkward silences, much to Castiel’s immense surprise. He and Sam had gotten along great. They even teamed up once on Dean who claimed mutiny and only made Sam and Castiel burst into laughter. The twinkle in Dean’s eyes told Castiel that he hadn’t minded at all.
Charlie simply hums, a smug smile on her face as if she can see right through Dean. “Whatever you say, big boy. Whatever. You. Say.”
He never lets himself get this worked up. He doesn’t know what’s gotten into him.
"Why do-" Dean stumbles and quickly catches himself, "Why do you want me to play that badly?!"
“Alright, cher,” Benny says and steps out of the elevator. “I’ll be down here. If you need anything, call the lobby.” He steps back and Dean presses the button for Cas’ house. Dean steps back and leans back against the wall and he meets Benny’s ice-blue eyes. They keep eye contact, and before the doors close Dean sees Benny’s lips quirk up in a smirk. He grabs the front rim of his hat and nods at Dean right as the doors close.
I love this man. Castiel, what have you done to me? D;
Castiel spits out, “I’ll just walk home, it’s okay.” a little too quickly and he mentally kicks himself. He closes his eyes tightly and rubs his face like he can rub away his embarrassment.
A warped voice says from the computer.
Gabriel smirks standing up grabbing his plate. "Indeed she does, but I'm afraid I have to go. I'm being summoned. I'll be seeing you two later."
Dean is curious about what came up so Cas had to leave, but he can assume nothing good.
"That's the one." Dean grins and strides up to the man. The guard gives him a once over with a sharp glare. "Hey," Dean says with a nod of his head. "I'm Dean, this is my little brother Sam Winchester. We're here for Cas."
“He’s the Don of the Italian Mafia. We have been fighting over territory for years.”
Sam looked over at Dean, body pivoting to face him, one leg coming up to rest on the couch. “No, Dean, Adrianne,” Sam points to the screen where the next show has already started. “She is Jess. Jessica Moore. My middle school crush.”
"You're rambling." Dean cracks a smile and Cas slightly blushes. "Besides, I already told you we're best friends and there was no getting rid of me, didn't I?"
"What?" Dean looks up and simply hands him his phone so Sam can read Cas' message. When he's done he looks at Dean with wide eyes. "Dude you better say yes or I'm going to do it for you."
Dean hums in understanding. “It’s okay, sweetheart. That’s normal.”
too. You three have fun. I value my life so I'm gonna go.” As Gabriel makes his leave, someone shouts to him from across the set and he yells back to them to un-wad their panties.
Cas hums and watches him. “This collar doesn’t mean I own you, Dean. It is simply to protect you, nothing else.”
“Yeah, I know, it’s about the kit. But I’m fine. The nurse and doctor lied about me having issues. I’m fine.”
Chapter Title: Wicked Game by Ursine Vulpine, originally by Chris Isaak
“You gonna keep trying to feed me?”
"Yes, I suppose." He sighs. "I still don't like this though."
Castiel shifts in his seat. There’s a tenseness in the air that he wishes would go away. He was hoping this would go a lot better than it is. Even Balthazar clears his throat, and he’s usually indifferent to uncomfortable situations.
"I can give you pointers. I'm trying to help so you don't flub this up." Dean's face is completely serious, he wants Sam to be able to look back on his day and smile, not cringe and want to hide under his bed. "Now pull up your big boy panties and lock it in. I'm Jess, look at me with my beautiful flowing blonde hair and dazzling eyes." Dean pretends to throw a strand of hair over his shoulder and bats his eyes at his brother.
Chapter Title: Is This Love by Whitesnake
Dean perks up and his eyes dart to the buffet of delicious looking foods of all kinds. The aroma is almost too much and it has Dean's mouth watering.
Castiel lets out a sigh and takes a large drink. Guilt is sitting heavy in his stomach, and he isn’t even sure why. It isn’t like he’s leading Inias on. He told him he’s with someone, so why does he feel so bad? He casually sips his drink until it’s gone as well. He hesitates getting another drink. Should he? No, but he’s starting to feel looser and the guilt is dulled now that he’s beginning to feel the effects of his drinks. Since he never drinks much, it doesn’t take much to get him feeling something.
"Well, I want to."
He just hopes nobody caught the scent on him during his time in the hospital. If they did, surely this will all be for nothing because Castiel will have been notified. But if Castiel already knows, and still wants him, does that mean he’s fine with it or does that mean he’s planning on forcing Dean into an abortion?
Cas looks up at him with a smile. “Yes, I’m fine. It was just my brother.”
“In fact, I know that’s exactly what you were planning.” He drums his fingers on the file. “It’s all in here. Would you like to see?” Castiel pulls out some photos of a heavily pregnant blonde woman packing some duffles. There are more of her with a bag of cash. “Tell me why Alistair had you do what you did, and I will make sure she gets out of the country safe.”
Sam nods his thanks to Cas as he hands him a cup of coffee. “Yeah, Dean, running. I just started not too long ago. I want to get into a habit.” Sam pauses and sees Dean turning up his nose at him. “It’s good for you, Dean, you should come with me sometime.”
“It wasn’t your fault, Dean.” Cas frowns, not wanting Dean to blame himself for Cas’ lack of sleep.
" Gabriel pauses waiting for them to write their answer before continuing part one. "
Dean is left to stand there in front of the cafe, thinking about any kind of comeback that could have saved him that wouldn’t have made him sound stupid, but he’s drawing a blank. So collecting what dignity he has left, he hauls his ass back to the Impala and goes home to avoid further embarrassment.
Not to mention, there's no telling how Cas will react after being lied to. Finding out your omega is pregnant with another alpha’s kid isn't something people like finding out. Even if it happened before the relationship started. Alphas are territorial, and not a single one Dean's ever met likes knowing someone else has touched what they think is theirs.
If there were ever a moment that Castiel wished there was a moment that the Earth would open a black hole and swallow him and his brother, now would be the time. Castiel feels his face warm up in embarrassment and he glares daggers at him and hisses a threatening, “Gabriel.”
Back on stage, Dean is quickly seated beside a blonde woman and is momentarily blinded by the lights shining on them. He squints and blinks repeatedly to get adjusted to the new situation. Soon the guard comes back with two papers each numbered one to five and a pen. Dean takes it and nods his thanks. He takes a look around and is feeling suddenly out of place. Everyone, besides two others, are women. There are only three men out of twenty contestants.
Dean chuckles. “No, but I do now.” His thumb brushes gently over Castiel’s knee. When did that get there? Castiel reaches down, grabbing his hand and threading their fingers together before continuing.
“I’ll have a Bloody Mary, please.”
"So the one with the big scary security guard."
Dean has yet to decide if that's a good or bad thing, but he's sure he'll figure it out sooner or later.
"Cas," Dean says feeling a little guilty he made the actor nervous. "Cas, you're rambling."
Dean looks at him and tightens his hold on the strap. “No, thanks.”
Dean’s smile drops, turning his eyes away from Cas, and he starts to walk away, heart thumping loudly in his chest. That’s the first time he’s ever admitted to himself out loud that his father tortured him. Running a hand over his face, he puts his coat on. He knows Cas is following him. He can hear the gentle flutter of his wings and soft footsteps.
Being the smartass that Dean is, and falling into his habit of using humor to deflect when he’s uncomfortable, he smirks at the alpha and leans in. “So I would be able to buy a Lamborghini if I wanted?”
Dean arches a brow at what he called Sam but ignores it for now. “Okay, both of you put your weapons away. Jesus Christ the testosterone in here is suffocating me. Sam, put it the fuck down! You’re not supposed to be causing problems, for fuck’s sake, what is this about?!” Dean forces Sam’s arm down and takes the gun, emptying the clip and throwing it on the ground. “Where the hell did you even get that?!”
Dean is stunned, but he has enough wits to him to say, “What do you need me to do?”
Dean can’t help but crack a smile at her. “You know, it isn’t setting a good example for the students when you swear like that.”
He meets his eyes, smile still in place. “It’s alright.” He assures Dean. Now typically at this time Dean would look away from the person’s eyes, and he should want to look away not wanting to stare at him and be rude, but he can’t. Their eyes remain locked for what feels like minutes, but in reality it’s only a few seconds, and they stay like that until Gabriel’s voice breaks them apart.
"Damn, Dean-o, you must really want that dinner with my brother."
“I would like you to help find Inias.”
Dean slides into the driver’s seat to the impala and starts her up. His eyes dart over to the cafe for one more glance and sees Castiel talking to Gabriel through the storefront windows. In that moment realization washes over him like a freight train.
Cas glances to Dean for a second before turning his attention back forward. "Tammy seemed to think you seemed nice too."
“Okay,” Gabriel says mulling over what Sam has just said. “What makes you think he's into guys now?”
“It’s not a business trip, per se, I’m just …” Dean sighs, placing his spoon in the sink from the peanut butter and faces Cas. “I want to talk to him about … things.” Dean huffs a humorless laugh when Cas arches a brow at his vagueness. “I’m curious if he’s seen our father, or knows where he’s at.”
“It’s because of your past I know you can do it, Dean.”
Dean opens his mouth, but closes it a second later. What do you say to something like this? What should he feel? He doesn’t know anymore.
Cas’ face lights up like it all makes sense. “I understand. It isn’t anything you need to be worried about. I just have some things for you, and then we need to discuss the mating bite.”
He furrows his brows at her. “You’ve never even met him, Charlie. Plus, I just met him. I don’t even know if we’re dating.”
Castiel nods, watching him, and leads them to the living room. Castiel walks to a chair and spreads his wings, sitting down and crossing an ankle over his knee. He laces his fingers together and lays his hands across his stomach. Dean follows behind him and sits on a large white couch that is right beside the large windows. There is a potted tree in the corner and a plush throw blanket draped artfully over the back with decorative pillows. It looks cozy.
Cas thins his lips in thought, but he soon nods casting a glance to Dean. "Yes, I'm going to get a bacon cheeseburger."
I have no excuses for why this is late ... I got distracted by Fallout 4, so I'm just gonna *hides under a rock and slides out the chapter, whispering* enjoy~
The judge lifts his gavel saying, “I hear by find you guil-”
Dean crosses his arms and tries to play it off as if he didn’t buy the tickets, only because Gabriel looked too smug for his own good. “What makes you think I’m going?”
Dean does everything in his power to not smile like an idiot, but it’s no use. Images of their date come rushing back to his mind and he starts to laugh and smile like a schoolgirl. He sees a fond expression pass both their faces and Dean fills them in on everything that happened, telling them everything since he secretly wants to relive it. When he tells them about his “The Notebook” moment, Charlie squeals and goes to hug him then stops abruptly remembering he looks like he just crawled out of a swamp. So instead he settles for jumping up and down excitedly in front of Dean.
Castiel narrows his eyes and turns back to Dean. Dean is watching Inias for a second longer before looking at him again. When he sees him staring at him, he puts on an innocent face. “What?”
"Sam, done with Jess already? I thought I would have to drag you away from her."
“I want to apologize.”
There’s a beep to signify the call has ended and the video goes black. Dean lets out a shaky breath that he didn’t realize he’s been holding.
He sits back in his seat and takes deep breaths for the remainder of the ride. He’s going to sort everything out, just not now.
Monday. God, Dean hates Monday. Especially the Monday after such an amazing weekend. Forced back into his reality, back to his everyday, boring, stressful life. Dean just wishes he could go back and relive it, to feel a little worry-free again. Talking with Cas like that, Dean felt so at ease during that dinner. Almost as if he had known Cas his whole life. And for that moment, he wasn't focused on his life and what he has to do to keep afloat. It felt good.
Dean straightens up from supporting himself on the counter and looks back to see what the noise was Sam made, but instead, he makes eye contact. A small smile makes its way onto Dean's face. “Cas, when did-” He quickly turns his head and coughs a few more times in his elbow, the quick movement makes him stumble a bit but Cas steadies him. “When’d you get here?”
Dean’s hand cards up to the back of his neck and into his hair. He tilts their heads more, his other hand coming up and running his thumb over his stubbly jaw. Cupping Castiel’s chin, his thumb on the corner of Castiel’s lips, he guides Castiel’s bottom lip down a little. Getting the hint, he opens for him. Dean’s tongue pushes in and Castiel takes in a sharp breath before letting out a low groan.
“Alistair seems to give plenty of shits about another single omega. That is why I’m asking.”
"So, did you enjoy the private tour with Cas?"
“Your pregnancy.” She tilts her head, and smirks. “From what I saw of you at the hospital, I have a feeling you’re still trying to do this on your own. Include him, trust me, he’ll be thrilled.”
Dean gives a deep, throaty chuckle, his breathing just as rigid as Castiel's. He starts pumping them slow, which Castiel is grateful for or else this would end much too quickly. He leans forward and rests his forehead against Dean’s, eyes closed and breathing heavily, simply focusing on the feel of Dean’s hand stroking them together.
they are so much prettier in person. “It was really great meeting you, like,” A wide smile spreads across his face and he is unable to stop it as he says, “Awesome, but I have some tickets to buy. See you later.”
Dean nods, eating another saltine. Cas nods awkwardly and turns to leave, but hesitates. He glances back at Dean as he stands on the bottom step. “Goodnight, Dean.”
The bed is so soft, Dean feels like he’s in heaven. He lays on his back and closes his eyes, taking in a deep breath. The room smells nice. It smells like Cas, which makes perfect sense seeing how Dean is in his house. That’s when Dean feels a familiar twitch in his stomach. He knows he shouldn’t, he really, really shouldn’t, but thinking that doesn’t stop the heat from pooling to his groin.
Sam would be proud of him.
Sam and Charlie's eyes both widen and stare at the brunette. Sam is the first to break out of it and find his voice again. “Wait, really?” Gabriel nods and Sam huffs a laugh looking away. “Then that look he gave Dean at the convention makes so much more sense.”
Someone knocks on the door, startling Dean from his pacing. He stares at the door like he can burn holes through the flimsy wood before he makes his way over. He’s expecting someone called Balthazar, but it could be anyone. Giving it a cursory sniff, he gleans nothing about who could be behind it. He waits for another second, taking a mental note of the knife he put in his boot as insurance and tries to steady his heart. He leaves the chain on as he cracks it open and peeks out. A little, measly, chain won’t do anything if the person really wanted inside, but it makes him feel a little better.
"My guards?" Dean parrots, standing as well.
Castiel narrows his eyes. “Shut up.” Dean hums, slowly leaning back in his seat, spreading his legs and watching Castiel with intense eyes. Castiel’s whole body feels like it ignites from the merely bubbling arousal before. Swallowing thickly, he nods. “I should … yes. Go. I should probably go to class … and all.”
“Yeah, I know, it didn’t even work,” Dean says with a small pout.
Chapter Title: In The Air Tonight by Phil Collins
"Not all the time, just during conventions. Sunday, the day I have my panel, is the latest I get to eat, but I don't mind it. I just have to eat a little later lunch and I'll be fine."
Okay, so I'm posting a few days early because I'm not going to be home to post this, so you get an early chapter! I wanted to write something a little fluffy this time around, and this is what happened. I've been writing a lot recently. I think I needed that horrible ending for supernatural to really kick my ass in gear because this is all I want to do anymore xD anyway, I'm trying to stock up on chapters so I hopefully will have enough to last me through next semester!
Sam and Dean both say their goodbyes to Gabriel, and when they're alone, Sam looks to Dean still in shock. "I don't know what I'm going to say to her anymore."
Should he tell him? Hiding the fact about his pregnancy didn’t last very long, will he find out about Dean having a brother? This is if he doesn’t already know from having someone look into his past. Even if he did tell Cas, though, what would he do? His reaction to Dean’s kit was … surprisingly calm considering the kit is from another alpha.
Dean looks a lot less nervous now that Charlie is talking his ear off directly, and Castiel can’t help but smile at the two of them. Dean must catch his smile, because he smiles back at him, and Castiel feels his heart flutter a little.
Easter Break comes around, and the three of them parts ways once again, but this time, Dean goes to Castiel’s with Bobby, Ellen, Sam, and Jo in tow. The Winchester/Singer/Harvell four, along with the Milton seven sit around the table at Easter and eat heartily, sharing jokes and just overall happiness.
Something is there. But Cas has been abandoned by friends too many times to count even at his young age, and even though Dean, Charlie, and he have been best friends for three years, a part of him will always wonder when the shoe will drop.
The game goes well, with last minute saves and passes from the Gryffindor team, Adam and Dean proving themselves a worthy addition to the team once again, with Adam making many goals and Dean capturing the snitch within twenty minutes of the game.
The tension in Castiel’s brow evaporates as he brightens. “
“Yes.” Cas straightens, and swallows. His expression changes. It’s like he’s trying to be strong. “I need you, Dean.” He swears, almost. “You’re
He pulls back. It feels like sense returning to a madman, and he regards Cas, sullenly.
There’s a pause. “Cas, what’s up?”
“Happy Birthday, Cas.”
Instead he asks, taking a step towards the bed, "And why you?"
(He sounds beautiful as always, and so familiar it’s like home.)
too hard to sound like the love of his life, and undeniably
"So," Cas frowns. "It's only acceptable to wear a crop-top if you're a woman,
wrecked car, and fleeting on the painful side of barely conscious in a pool of his own blood. There was too much of it anyway. Castiel felt dizzy more than he felt the pain as time, almost tangibly, passed on.
How had he ever imagined he could hold it in forever?
“I should probably check on him. Garth sorta
“There won’t be a next time.” Dean growls at him, in the mood to be truthful. “You’re stuck with me.”
Dean blinks, pulled out of his reverie by Cas’s unusual remark, but he doesn’t get a chance to ponder — because Cas is cupping his face determinedly, leaning in, and finally,
rules."
so I wish I didn't. 'Cause you're leaving too Cas, and we —” Dean pauses all of a sudden. Draws in a breath, and buries his face in the hoodie again, more violently. “I hadn’t told you I loved you yet, had I?”
“Dean,” is all Cas says, because he isn’t sure Dean’s done yet. They’ve always jumped to conclusions, and realized they were wrong later, but Cas really doesn’t want to interrupt right now.
, but I’m going to miss everyone so much.”
Not today.
On the bed, when they reach it, are a few haphazard items Dean hasn't cupboarded yet and the object of all importance apparently, because Dean marches right up next to it, fixes his hands on his hips, and gives Cas an incredulous look — the incredulity of which, would've been exponentially more prominent had it not been accompanied by a distinct blush on his cheeks.
this.)
Somehow, it feels like he’s been doing so forever. But the time left, had never been so little.)
"More like a
"I did!"
“So are you, buddy.” Sam pats Cas, smiling toothy and pinkcheeked, as Cas pulls him in for a fierce hug. “So are you.”
“I thought,” Cas looks horrified. “I didn’t think you’d want to see me anymore. Not after we were done! After you
Truly, if it had been obvious before? This was something else entirely.
Castiel doesn’t know what to say so he tries to hold on to the phone tighter, his throat fluttering as a tear rolls down his face.
The green-eyed boy seems taken aback for a minute before nodding, his voice rough from disuse (or from holding back tears, Castiel does not know) when he responds, “Yes.”
“It’s only for four weeks, Dean. I am sure things will be okay.”
The Gryffindor Quidditch team wins the final game, as per usual, and Cas and Dean end up celebrating by going into Hogsmeade and spending time drinking butterbeer at the Three Broomsticks instead of going with their friends to the biggest party at the school of the year.
“Okay, enough is enough.” Sam says, crossing his arms and looking down at him. Sam’s grown taller than Dean, and he’s fucking 5’9”. His little brother’s nearing six foot at this point, which is a thought that he doesn’t want to think about. Dean’s thoughts are interrupted by, “You and Cas need to fucking make up. We can’t deal with watching you two circle each other like this… I don’t know! Two idiots who need to deal with their fucking miscommunication already!”
Dean can only see pure joy on Cas’ face, no hesitation left whatsoever, and knows that it’s reflecting in his expression too. “I love you, Cas.” He cups Cas’ face in his hands, knowing the parallels of the familiar position would not be lost on the other man.
“Don’t worry your pretty little head, but let’s just say that I’m altogether excited to watch it play out this year.”
And overall, that’s how the rest of the summer goes. Dean mopes, Sammy rolls his eyes and ends up going to Anna’s for a week (that’s fucking
“I think it was you, but I learned a lot from you in the process.”
(It doesn’t help that he gets cornered by the two of them later, ready to ask questions, but he tells them to please not.
He knows it’s his fault, that he ran away and fucked up any chance he ever had with Dean. But the fact is, he’s
Cas is made prefect of Ravenclaw in October, and that’s honestly his best accomplishment to date. He’s following in the footsteps of his chaotic but dutiful brothers, and he’s undoubtedly proud of himself. Dean slips him a note that reads ‘congrats on making prefect cas. knew you could do it.’ and Cas nods back to him, and his friends hold a small party for him. He’s sixteen and sharing notes with his best friend, and that’s what his life has come to.
Cas just stares confusedly at the scene unraveling in front of him, shrugs, and walks back to his room.
Cas grins, albeit shakily. “Alright. I was unsure of how to proceed after our last meeting. I am not sure if you feel the same, but I wanted to let you know it’d be okay no matter what. I am just glad to have you with me.”
And slowly but surely, Dean and Cas get closer and closer. Dean knows he can trust Cas with anything, and vice versa, and the two of them spend almost all their free time together minus sleeping and certain classes.
The two of them sneak out that night and sit on the grounds after hours, hoping that nobody catches them, and somehow nobody does. They lay back on the blanket that Castiel procured and munch on chocolates and hot cocoa, and tell stories about the world above them, of what caused the stars to form into the constellations they are a part of, and whatnot. It is one of the best days in Castiel’s life, and judging from how Dean gazes at him afterwards as they part before going into their respective common rooms, it is for him too.
Once it’s time to go back home for summer break, the two of them are truly inseparable. Charlie has found a girl named Alice with whom she hangs out all the time, and Dean has become good friends with her too, as has Castiel. The four of them make plans to see each other over break, and they spend the ride home on the Hogwarts Express talking excitedly, Charlie and Alice next to each other on one side, Cas and Dean on the other.
‘Wow,’ Dean thinks. ‘His eyes are even prettier up close.’ He can literally feel Cas’ breath on his lips and it’s heavy, just like his. He leans a little closer and can not only see Cas lick his lips, but can practically feel it as well. The two of them are infinitely close… and then Gabe stumbles into them and pushes them apart.
The day Castiel Milton is to go to Hogwarts with the rest of his brothers (only his younger sister, Anna, the only one ready, is left behind now), his older brothers are at it again. He looks around at the mess that is his family: Gabriel is in the process of making everyone’s clothes disappear (without magic, seeing as students weren’t allowed to use magic outside of school), Michael is yelling at everyone to get into the car, Lucifer is nowhere to be seen but there is a suspicious odor coming from the basement, and Balthazar is upstairs, busy trying to make himself “pretty” for the next girl he’s going to try to “conquer” on the train.
Cas can’t help but snark back, “You seemed to be doing well with Ketch.”
“You okay?” his best friend asks, and Dean nods, grateful.
“Can I kiss you?” in the most serious tone Dean’s ever heard, to the point where he’s taken aback.
“Bitch, I can
of their classes, Dean favors Astronomy, Potions, and flying lessons. Castiel has made his mind up on that from what one enjoys, a lot can be told about that person, and he finds himself learning more and more about Dean every day.
Dean has never found blue eyes attractive, hell, he has never found a
He leans over the side, looking down at the water, watching the small fish flit to and fro as they swim through the currents. He smiles to himself when he senses someone behind him, and he knows it’s Sammy.
Cas has handed in all of his assignments ahead of time so he can spend extra hours with his friends and working on O.W.L preparation, but he wishes he had the excuse of hiding under piles of paper after he walks in on Dean and Ketch.
Dean knows offering to help would do nothing, so instead he offers to sit by Cas’ side and give him pointers seeing as he had already finished his. He has about forty minutes before his fourth year Charms class starts, so he spends it with his best friend, working on a dumb Potions paper that is about comparing the Shrinking Solution to the Confusing Concoction.
“The way the two of you look at each other, it’s unlike anything I’ve seen before in my old age.” his brother commented one day as they were washing dishes together in the little villa they shared in Italy.
(See the end of the chapter for
many thanks to kayli and kat for supporting me and helping me through this. y'all are the best.
This is the year that Cas and Dean can go to Hogsmeade on select weekends, which is all the two talk about on the train to Hogwarts. Of course, Charlie comes in and starts spouting facts about Hogsmeade before Alice takes her hand, which shuts the redhead right up. Anna and Sammy watch outside the window in amazement, and once they exhaust the topic of Hogsmeade, Dean and Cas start playing a few rounds of Muggle chess before they no longer have access to it for the next few months.
But that’s as far as their interactions go, for a long time at least.
And now Castiel comes into his life, and suddenly his
I CAN'T BELIEVE IT
Hearing Bobby tell him that Cas rebuilt Heaven with Jack makes Dean stop in his metaphorical tracks. So Cas is back. Dean refuses to let his mind think about that until he can understand everything that’s going on right now. His mom and dad are down the road, and his friends are down the other. He’s got everyone he wanted in his own version of Heaven, minus two, no, three people. However, one of them is now God, so that one’s going to stay where he is and do his job.
thanks for reading!
) can put him off.
Finals last year had been excruciating without Cas being there to encourage him to study.
peep the direct future harry potter references in here.
it may not be the best, because i am hungry and tired and i have to go work soon, but i'm hella proud of myself.
So tipsy that he sidles up to Cas, who’s in the corner grinning at the shenanigans happening around him. The other boy is sober as a leaf, and merely grins at the state his best friend is in.
Cas nods, encouraging him, and Dean continues. “Growing up, I never thought I’d get to be in love properly. I’ve loved before, but you were steady. You were always there, even when you were dead. I’m sorry it took me this long to get my shit together, to the point where I’m in fuckin’ Heaven and you’re back from the Empty.”
They separate, and Sam and Jack both hug Cas, too. Jack smiles again, as if he’s remembered something, and all of a sudden Eileen is in front of them, too.
Dean and Cas are left alone, and they smile at each other again. They can't see it, but Bobby and Ellen roll their eyes and Sammy stifles a giggle.
Gabe’s right, though. Cas knows he sometimes stares at Dean too long, and he can feel Dean’s eyes on him lots of times. He’s gotten lost in conversation when Dean licks his lips (listen, he’s fourteen), and the affectionate banter
(Cas finds the picture later that summer, and he slides a copy into his desk. They look so peaceful, and he wants to forever remember that night, because it was one of the best ones from that year.)
“Oh, by the way, what are your names?” She asks, and Castiel volunteers first because he already feels comfortable around this girl.
Dean’s birthday comes and goes, and Cas spends the night outside watching the stars by himself. He’s about to fall asleep (thank god he’s wearing his fluffiest robe and warmest garments) when he senses a presence next to him.
but i did!
(It’s the way Cas smiles so brightly at him whenever they’re around each other. The way his blue,
Someone bounds up behind Sam. It’s Charlie.
is his Heaven, once and for all.
THIS CHAPTER IS WHERE THE MATURE RATINGS START! JUST SO Y'ALL KNOW. if it isn't your cup of tea, i'm sorry!! it's minor but it's still there. teenage hormones, amiright.
“Well, I’d deserve that.” Castiel tries to joke, and almost pulls it off, except for the part where he can’t see Dean’s reaction until the latter lets out another broken sob, and grabs his hand. Castiel freezes, trying to squeeze back, tears welling up again. “I’m really sorry, Dean.” Then, after a beat. “I’m going to make this up to you.”
Maybe it’s because of Cas’s words. Maybe it’s because his arms are still fastened around him. Or maybe it’s because,
, but he had that squint Dean was pretty sure was reserved just for him, and that voice, and he can just express his desire to win slinkies for his kid as means of conforming to familial tradition, out loud. He purposefully loses at Connect Four, and is crappy at holding his badge straight, and wears Dean's ancient band t-shirts in the summer, and thinks his burgers are quote-unquote wonderful.
That had also been the heading of the section Cas had found it in — he remembers being shocked at first, at finding previously unexplored shelves in their usual departmental store, but once he'd had a moment to imagine Dean in them, the shock had quickly morphed into pleasant surprise — so he
, Cas. Period. I need your ridiculous, stupid ass — and I need you to look at me when I’m begging you to be okay, and I need you to stay,
“Dean -” Cas tries to say, and the bastard would’ve probably apologized, but Dean doesn’t want to hear it. He doesn’t want anything else, but
“Dunno.” It’s Dean’s turn to be quiet. “Maybe.”
Cas decides it’s not worth this moment wasted, to stop for supplies or guns. They can circle back for them. This is it. Dean’s ready right now, and Cas wants to show him how beautiful it can be - and how with Cas, Dean never needs to fear flying.
warmth, that travels to his spine and turns into a shudder, as Dean slides a hand around Cas's waist.
But in his defense, Dean hadn’t planned on letting it out like this. In bed, at one am, pining and conspirational.
me to?”
He owes it to himself to let Cas know how he feels about him. Missouri had reaffirmed it too. He owes it to Cas.
The phone starts to ring — the familiar sound of that, music to their tired ears.
His vision slowly unblurs, feeling returning to his fingers. He tries to fold them, and winces at the strain.
There’s another morbid thought.
“Wait,” The worry dissipates, apology slipping in. “Am I forgetting something? Did we make plans for lunch, 'cause Bobby and —”
, he feels content.
"Well," Cas says seamlessly. "It's fairly obvious that the 'top' has been 'cropped', so —"
“Because now, you believe in me.”
But before he can say a word, the latter turns on his heel and takes off in the direction of their bedroom.
the saleslady had assured him it'd get more comfortable with wear — and he knew Dean liked plain undershirts, so he'd specifically gotten one that didn't even have anything on it — the ones he liked with quotes (or cats) filed away for the next time they went shopping together. Now, he just doesn't see what the problem is.
. No drifting away, Winchester. Easy.
“I thought you were tired, okay?” Dean defends.
"Oh." So it was a Winchester thing then.
help — so why should they not ask?
“Birthdays.” Cas repeats, enunciating each consonant painstakingly. Then he turns to Dean, staring with enough purpose to weaken a stronger man — but Dean’s
“I’m sorry, Cas.” Dean grimaces, entering the room with a streeled step. It’s as if Cas’s earnestness knocked a few layers off his shield - and reduced the distance between them, literally and metaphorically. Truly, honesty is the strongest axe Cas swings at Dean’s unhealthy defenses, with.
“Dean, you needn’t be.” Cas assures him, and he means it, although the disappointment within him is giving way to a sullen sense of despondency he doesn’t wish to indulge in, so he deflects by concentrating on Dean instead.
“So that’s a yes?”
That was almost as much of an affirmation as he could ever hope to get in Deanspeak, so Cas takes Dean’s hand in his and says. “Nothing would make me happier.”
Cas freezes.
It lasts all of a minute, really, but feels like twelve years worth of promises, and faith, and belonging — and an eternity of love.
“Jelly.” Dean confirms. “It’s the curse of paying attention when you rant about jam, you know.” He snickers. “I used to be normal.”
Dean.
“You humans,” Cas ends up saying, shaking his head, tears glistening in his eyes. “And your needless tendencies to overcomplicate
After a beat, with a resigned scoff, Dean lets out, sardonic. “I don’t think you know how to be a boyfriend.” But somehow, he does it at the exact same time Cas says, “Weren’t you looking for a boyfriend?”
Why did he have to say okay?
She’d just tsked. “Well, you’re a boombox serenade guy, so trust me, it evens out.”
"Even if we
And here he was.
How could
me you wanted a boyfriend, on a night I almost told you I
(It’s not like he didn’t know how stupid it was to overthink something this trivial, but also not like he could
. Completely alone, young, and desperately in love with Dean Winchester, Castiel closes his eyes for the very last time.
sound escapes his throat, and Cas winces, faking a cough with it.
Dean had proceeded to sulk through the rest of that evening, obviously, but he’d come back to his dorm with the meaning of his best friend’s words clear in his head.
, and Cas stifles a groan.
If Castiel could, he would’ve shaken his head at that.
“How would you know you’re not scared if you closed your eyes?”
to remember.” She’d stressed, sympathetically. “Grand gestures can’t be how it begins. We don’t even know yet if he’s a Blue French Horn kind of guy.”
“I can’t. I’m inside you.”
“Okay.” It’s all he has to say apparently, but when Dean’s fingers trace their way up his skin, his chest feels heavy. His heart feels distant.
That’s when it happens.
Dean’s too out of it to register Cas gently plucking Dean’s hands from his face, freeing his hair of their assault - or maybe, he just can’t comprehend Cas holding his hand so tenderly, like it’s some kind of a precious thing, and Cas’s hands curl around his fingers, pushing Dean’s palm against his.
But Dean also looks slightly flushed, in a way Cas now knows to associate with embarrassment — and just like that, he's on his feet, handing Jack the remote (who takes it without even looking up from his movie) and walking over to Dean. He closes the door behind him, careful to be gentle, and looks at Dean again, all fidgety hands and shifty eyes from this close.
“What did you want?” Cas breathes out, moving closer too. sounding panicked.
A week goes by, which feels like an entire year. Maybe more. But time thuds to a stop, as if to make up for it, when Cas shows up at Dean’s office.
you —”
"Perhaps I should win him one, if that's what family does." The voice is definitely Cas's. "Who do I have to win it from?"
“Hey, hey,” Dean nudges him, as if that could get the sad glint out of his eyes. “Some people — not me, but you know, others — call it a happy
to be there - but he’s never gotten a chance before. He has no idea how. “Dean, look at me.
but Dean getting up with shaky knees, dragging him in by the lapels of his overworn coat, and slamming the door shut before cupping his face with both hands and kissing him for all he’s worth.
His breathing is still ragged, and his head feels too empty, but the heaving has lessened. Probably the blood loss. Less pain, more haze. And the resultant thoughtlessness is perhaps the only thing that sparks the courage in him to do what he does next.
“I do.” Dean grits out, feet kicking the gravel.
“Dude, that dick who yelled at Ash, remember? He’s back. Garth went this time, 'cause douchebag brought a Sedan.”
, and then there’s the love, and that’s where he stops thinking.
.” Dean ducks his head, looks up at the other through his eyelashes. “I just meant, uh, the 'please go out with me, please’ kind.”
“So you’ll
He keeps looking at their hands.
Then, as Dean averts his eyes, he crosses the room wordlessly and puts his arms around his husband. Tucks his chin on Dean's shoulder, and holds on until Dean sighs, melting into the hug as well, and mumbling Cas's name as he wraps his own arms around him.
Cas frowns harder. Yeah, something's definitely the matter.
The more Dean lost himself, the better everything felt; and that was one the one feeling he clung to most. He had once hoped he might’ve been saved, and, in a messed up and desperate way, even hoped Sam had sold his own soul so he could escape this miserable place. Not that he would have ever wished this torment upon his little brother, but he wanted everything to end.
“What fish?” he asked, speculatively. “Does it have anything to do with why the bunker went haywire earlier? Everything started going off, the alarms, the lights, the warning bells. I thought the world was ending.”
“Just-” Dean breathed heavily, his lips trembling and his eyes closed as he rubbed his palms into them. “Just go.”
The two stood in silence for a moment until Kevin choked out, “It was all for nothing?”
There’s nothing she could say to make it any better. He’d failed his brother, and worse, Dean hadn’t hesitated to kill him. Or attempt to, at least.
Dean took a long look around the bunker, then headed up the stairs and back out to the front. The Impala was still parked in her usual spot, and the trunk was still full of Crowley. He dumped the duffel bag in the back seat and sat in the driver’s, turning the key in the ignition and speeding onto the roads again, eager to get to Cas as fast as possible.
“You'll kill me,” Sam grinned.
“What the hell?” he mumbled quietly, readjusting Sam on his shoulders.
“Kevin, listen. Sam was taken by Death, one of the horsemen. He asked not to be brought back, and Death will make sure of it. We can find a way to reverse it. There has to be something on the tablets.”
“Actually,” Dean said. “I have some cash with me, but it wasn’t a gift. You catch my drift?”
Dean grinned devilishly. “Now we’re making progress!”
He stood over the man, watching silently as he struggled to stay alive, but to no avail. He heaved his last breaths. His hands fell from his throat. The light in his eyes dimmed. He was dead.
Dean stumbled back a few steps, the knife hurting even more than he’d pictured when he was once a hunter, and her eyes widened at the sight of him in recognition. He grinned, pulling the knife from his shoulder and throwing it at her. The demon knife stopped mid-air, another force stopping it from reaching its desired destination. It clattered to the ground and Dean was launched against the wall of the abandoned building not too far from where he stood in the parking lot. His black gaze would dart from the ground to the two figures rushing towards him, the ones he’s nearly dreaded to meet. Ruby and her beloved pet, Sam.
Dean hesitated. “You aren’t going to call for help?”
His brother, a demon. Black eyes and everything. Sam guessed that maybe him and his brother had more in common now than ever. Not that it would last. Ruby was right. That wasn’t his brother. His brother would never have tried to kill him. Dean spent his whole life trying to protect Sam. Hell, Dean died trying to save him.
The angel took a deep breath and sighed, “We were here searching for you, Dean Winchester.”
Alastair had eventually taught him all he needed to know and had moved on to his own work, while Dean had been stationed in many different areas in hell; interrogation, torturing. It was what he was good at.
He pulled the angel blade out of Castiel’s shoulder, the blinding light shining through as blood spilled from the wound. “So, Cas- can I call you Cas?”
“Reggie!!” the man shouted. He leaped out from behind the dumpster, arms extended outwards. He pulled Dean into a quick hug, and with a reaffirming shake, the man pulled back.
The angels approached from the shadows, like they had been waiting there. An ambush, perhaps. There were only two angels and three of his own kind, including himself. Seemed to be an unfair advantage, although, he knew better than to underestimate the unknown. He held the sleek and unfamiliar blade in his hand- said to be the only weapon that could kill an angel. The pompous angels at the other end held the same blades, which meant it could probably kill demons as well. They twirled them in their hands with ease, ready to take them out.
“It’s Sam,” his brother growled. “Now, these angels, tell us why you’re killing them.”
Not Cas. he thought. I don’t think anything can kill Cas for very long.
“Not if I can help it,” Sam snapped. “Maybe if you told me what you need my brother to do for you, I would be more willing.”
His brother’s words echoed in his head.
“And a cheerleader before that, and a recently alleged drug dealer, a rich bachelor,” Sam spoke, and just hearing his voice made Dean feel nostalgic, a feeling he hadn’t had in a long time, before it was shoved back down his throat once again. “Don’t think you slipped through our fingers, we’ve been tailing you ever since you killed that family in Wisconsin.” That’s right. The Carlunds, he definitely did that.
How could Sam just leave? After everything I said- after everything I’ve done for him, he’s just gonna leave me here? All by myself? Dean thought angrily, forcing down the lump forming in his throat. The Impala sat in the parking garage, its engine rumbling loudly, but the car didn’t move. Dean sat there, contemplating his next move.
The other demon, Lemain, had stabbed the other angel from behind, and it fell to the ground, her eyes and mouth opening to reveal a piercing flash of white light, before going dim, confirming the angel’s death. This had distracted the dark-haired angel, who was taken by surprise when Dean sliced into his right side, the skin opening to reveal that same light, and the angel turned away from Dean, holding the wound as he yelled angrily and charged into Lemain, falling to the ground with him as he stabbed her.
Dean swallowed the guilt. “No. I stopped Sam from completing the trials. But the trials messed him up too badly, and he died anyways.”
Of course, not a single person had caught him, which is why he avoided running into the one person he knew might: Sam Winchester.  And the demon, Ruby, he paraded around with. He didn't avoid his brother out of fear, but in knowing what Sam was capable of on his own, more so since he’d heard that his little brother’s powers had jump-started again- except now he could exorcize demons without a word. So, the older Winchester decided not to go near him if he could help it, and stuck to his own mischief-making course of action, which he assumed no one could track if he kept switching from vessel to vessel. However, he’d learned from too much experience not to underestimate his brother. Dean kept his distance.
“How do we find him again? Dean knows we’re onto him now, and he’ll change his MO if he's smart,” Sam said, and Ruby scoffed.
“Then, what?”
they are both stupid. They will find each other soon, but when has anything ever been easy? >:)
“I’m going to kill you, Sam,” Dean spoke, his voice dark and scary, but Sam straightened up tall, his nostrils flaring as he stood up to his older brother.
“Of course there is, Dean,” Sam had said, sympathetically. “You have to let me go.”
Does Cas even know how to drive? Dean thought. He chuckled to himself at the thought of Cas learning to drive on his own; swerving all over the road and giving himself whiplash from hitting the brakes too hard. It would probably be difficult for a former angel to steal a car without knowing how to operate one. There was hope that Cas hadn’t left the area yet, and there would be more time to find him.
Dean pulled out his phone, finding the number Cas had called from. It sounded like he had called a public phone since Cas didn’t carry any personals unless asked to. The area code signified the call had been made in Colorado about an hour ago. He couldn’t have gone very far, and Dean hoped that Cas hadn’t been made. Cas was far too trusting. If the angels had already found him…
The implications were clear as day. He had to kill Sam Winchester.
“What do you want?” it said.
Something screamed inside of him, begging him not to hurt Sam. The entire reason Dean was as he is now is because he had made a deal to save Sam from a demon. Now, as a demon, he had to kill him. Dean remembered his father’s last warning; If he couldn’t save Sam, he would have to kill him.
“Your life means nothing to whoever is upstairs. Trust me, I’ve met angels. A bunch of flying douchebags if you ask me,” Dean began, venom infecting his voice as the words struck the dying man before him. “If there is a God, he led you to me. He led you to the one demon in the area looking to make a phone call to a friend downstairs. Your life has meant nothing. All of your actions up until this point were for nothing. You’re not going to see your family again. Not your wife. Not your kids. This is the last face you’ll see.”
Another angel’s blood on his hands. How many more had he already killed? How many more would he have to? Castiel felt a lump forming in his throat, and he hated the overwhelming human emotions that tugged at his heart. He turned away from Hael and started walking down the street, headed towards the bunker. That’s what Dean had told them to do, and now he knew he should listen. Dean only wanted what was best for them, he knew that.
The angel looked satisfied with his answer, and then vanished. Sam heaved an exasperated sigh, flopping down in the creaky motel chair in a fit of frustration.
But Sam had made it so no one could deal their soul away to bring him back. If I’m dead, I stay dead. Nobody can reverse it, nobody can deal it away. Nobody else can get hurt because of me.
“I didn’t do it on purpose,” Sam argued.
Castiel shook underneath him, the pain from the angel blade lodged in his shoulder cavity erupting under the skin. Dean had been trained in this, knowing how to pick and choose where the most painful spots on the body were, and where to hit them most effectively. It was the same for an angel, they were still trapped in a human vessel. The shoulder was a good spot, but about an inch to the left and he could stab it through the slight crevice between the arm and its socket. It was painful and effective. If Castiel refused to talk, he knew where to strike. However, it seemed unnecessary.
-Black Sabbath
”I want your name. Then, I want your motives. And I want them in a clean, and orderly fashion. It’ll be my pleasure to carve it out of you the hard way, but I’d like to get this over with quickly.”
-----
“There is another option,” a voice spoke. The demon and the Winchester sprang to their feet immediately, ready to fight whatever had spoken from across the room.
“Hey!” Dean responded, pretending to know him. Dean pulled him into a one-armed embrace, attempting to be friendly. “How are ya’?”
All Castiel could think was: I should have listened to Dean.
The angel remained silent, glaring at him, his nose twitching and his lips curling ever so slightly into a grimace. Stubborn bastard would rather die than call for help. Dean felt a shrivel of sympathy towards the wounded angel that stubbornly stood his ground, despite being struck down so easily during a mission that was supposedly a simple chore.
Dean struggled to stifle his sobs. He felt the same aching pit in his chest he had the first time he had seen his baby brother dying- his body limp and lifeless in his crumbling embrace. He felt the same pain. The same desperation. Sammy had to live, he had to. He always pulled through. Always.
“Why me?” Dean asked, gripping the angel blade tighter, ready to pull it out if he needed to.
“I meant it when I said it's not my place to say. I don't know his purpose. I just know I have to get your brother back to his normal self again. No matter the cost. You can help us, or we can do it on our own. Its your choice,” the angel explained, his intense blue gaze becoming threatening as he waited for a response.
“Dean is out there, Ruby. I can't just sit here and do nothing!” Sam slammed his hand down on the table, surprising Ruby.
Sam felt a lump forming in his throat. He wanted to save his brother, but he didn't want to help the angels succeed in a goal they wouldn't even reveal. He didn't trust the situation, nor did he want to give in. But it was his brother. Sam couldn’t stand by and do nothing as his brother became the thing they'd grown up hunting. He couldn’t. But he at least had to pry.
Cas, he thought to himself. His heart sank. Cas wasn’t even with him right now, when he needed him most. Not that it was Castiel’s fault, his wings had been clipped and they were miles away without any help. If anything, Cas probably needed Dean’s help the most. But he couldn’t leave Sam. He couldn’t just leave him here. Though, Dean wasn’t sure if he could bring himself to bury Sam either.
“Come on, Sammy,” he said, adjusting his shoulder under Sam’s weight as he entered the elevator and pressed his fingers against the smooth button. “We’re taking you home. We’ll get you fixed up. It’s just another day on the job, right?”
Dean nodded solemnly. He tried to steel his nerves, tried to be strong for the kid that clearly should have hated him in that moment. But Kevin didn’t seem angry, just disappointed. His eyes were more sad than anything, and his grip on Dean’s flannel loosened. Dean lowered his hand from Kevin’s shoulder.
“You get your brother back,” Castiel offered, but Sam’s expression remained unsatisfied. The angel sighed. “Sam, we failed. We need your help to make things right. You can either help us or your brother can keep killing again, and again. You could capture him, but without us, he’ll stay that way forever.”
Once on the road again, Dean only felt more empty. Being alone with his thoughts was never a good thing, but he felt the need to mull over his incredibly awful day. His brother was dead, demons still walked the Earth, and the one angel on his side was no longer an angel. Things were looking hopeless, but when did they not? Things never really seemed to change. There was always some shit he was stuck in that he had to work his way out of, only to step in a bigger pile of shit immediately afterward. An endless cycle, it seemed.
“Its me, Sammy. Its Dean.”
He had saved him, but now it looked as if he had to kill him. If he wanted to avoid angelic capture, that is. Dean knew that killing his brother wouldn't stop the angels entirely, but Alastair was right. They'd be stalled by an inability to act- even for a short moment. And he needed to stay far away from angels as he could- they may not want to kill him now, but they'd use him before they did. Dean didn't want to help with whatever the angels had planned.
The angel didn’t look at Dean, only ahead, full of pride. He was a stubborn nut to crack, but he would crack. A darkness sparked within him, the same darkness he’d felt torturing other souls for years. He stabbed the angel in the shoulder. He didn’t want to kill it, not yet. But it would suffer if it refused to give information. The angel groaned in pain, finally letting it get to him, its pride slowly fading as it stared into the pitch black eyes of the demon before it.
Castiel loathed himself for somewhat enjoying humanity. Not only was being human something painful, exhausting and annoying, it was something forced upon them as well. Metatron had slit his throat and drained him of all that he was. Being human was akin to being a mere blip in the cosmic timeline. Castiel had lived through eons of creation and destruction, epic battles and divine struggles, repeatedly witnessed human life and death. Castiel had died over and over again- died for things that were seemingly noble. Now Castiel could die from virtually anything. Dehydration, hypothermia, starvation. Castiel didn’t think his human life would be particularly notable.
Dean looked ahead, noticing the sun was setting on this exhausting day. He hoped Cas had found a place to sleep for the night since it was still a good hour’s drive to Colorado. The area code read 720, which meant Cas could be in Denver, or in any of the outlying cities. It was a lot of area to cover, but Dean had done this before. He now wished that he had told Cas about the motel system he and Sam shared. Finding the first motel in the phone book and waiting there. That way it’d be easier to find him once he started to search. Assuming Cas hadn’t taken a car to drive to the bunker, that is. Then he was probably a long ways away from Denver by now.
Dean was sure his dad would slug him if he were here now, telling him how he had failed once again. Dean got to his feet and shifted from foot to foot, anxious to get Sam out of here. He was going to get Sam back, one way or another. He still had Crowley locked down in the trunk of the Impala; he may be powered down from the human blood injected into his veins, but he was still a demon. He could still make a deal, assuming Crowley wanted to keep his life.
YES ITS 2020 and i have my clown shoes on AGAIN!!!!!!! The finale was GARBO and i am continuing this out of spite and destiel brainrot!!
However, it never did. Dean was never saved.
“Is he…?”
“A name,” he repeated, a harsher tone lacing his voice as he twisted the blade deeper into the angel’s shoulder.
Kevin shook with grief and anger, his fingers clenching the fabric of Dean’s flannel. Dean tried to shrug away, but Kevin wouldn’t let go of him. “Dean. What happened? What happened to Sam?”
“Winchester,” Alastair replied, the sound of his voice making Dean flinch.
“I can’t,” Dean growled, his voice trembling with desperation and grief. “I can’t lose you again, Sammy. Don’t leave me here alone.”
“Alright, I’m going to get the dead man's blood out of the car, and we can finish up with the stakes. Then, we gank some vampires and we get out of this dump,” Dean said, getting up from his seat. Sam watched as he walked out of the motel, the door clicking shut behind him.
The angel gave no protests, only his condolences as he fled the room, probably anxious to get out of Dean’s hair before more angels arrived in search of Castiel.
TW for graphic gory imagery- mostly blood!!!
“They may be using an alternative means to capture you. Angels aren't the type to get their hands dirty. They don't want to kill you, but if they said they need you, they mean it. They're going to get to you through any means”
Ruby laughed in exasperation.
“No.”
Sam and Ruby attempt to connect the dots when they are greeted by an unexpected guest.
“I suppose not.”
The angel turned his gaze away from him, and his body tensed. Dean spun around just in time to defend himself from the blade coming down on him, blocking it with the angel’s weapon. The figure in front of him kicked Dean down, sending him a little farther, and had surely knocked the wind out of his lungs, the angel blade flying out of his hands. Dean growled angrily, and got to his feet quickly, before the demon knife was plunged into his shoulder, by none other than Ruby herself.
“Maraud,” Dean corrected, attempting to reinforce his chosen demon name.
Dean had given so much for his brother to live. They were in the Church, and Sam was one trial away from closing the gates of hell. All demons sent back to hell, Crowley wiped from the map, and no demons would ever surface on Earth again, that is, if Sam had completed the final trial listed in the Angel Tablet. What the tablet had failed to mention was that the final trial would take Sam sacrificing his own life to complete. Dean wouldn’t let that happen. He talked him out of it, told him to let it go. It had worked, and whatever effect the trials had taken on Sam’s body had started to fade. Then, the effect took full force. Dean had driven him to the hospital. They had been there all night, waiting for Sam to wake up. Only to lead to this.
The angel, Ezekiel, stood beside Dean, his expression solemn and upset. The angel was unable to do anything without access to his brother’s body. Dean had tried talking to Sam, but to no avail. The words echoed in his head.
“And hey, on the off chance I become a ghost, you will definitely die for spilling soda in my car.”
The angels stared them down as if they were mere rodents compared to them, and the demons looked back at them with an overwhelming hatred they didn’t really know was possible to bear, but with a hesitant fear, too.  Before Dean knew it, they were charging towards each other, the angels’ faces stoic, as if this were a milk run, which only made the demons more malicious. The angel possessing a female vessel stabbed the demon beside him, and Dean lunged at her with his own blade. It was swiftly blocked by the other angel, one possessing a man with dark hair and blue eyes. He growled and swiped at the angel, but the angel showed no signs of struggle, defending himself from each blow with fluidity as if fighting was an art form.
Sam could hear the intentions loud and clear. Either Sam assisted in aiding the angel’s search, or they’d use a more forceful means of persuading him to do so.
A head raised up from behind a dumpster, dirty and unshaven. The man looked like he hadn’t eaten in days. Dean knew the man’s eyes echoed recognition, but he assumed it was just the vessel he occupied that conjured any sense of familiarity. The man grinned ear-to-ear.
The gears turned in Dean's head. “They don't want to kill me?”
“We… We were completing the trials. We found out that Sam would die if he completed the final one. I convinced him to stop, but…”
Dean couldn’t even remember himself anymore. The part of himself that felt human, that felt emotion towards the things in his life- towards what had happened, and what he had done- it had all burned away. Just as everyone had told him it would. He hadn’t quite believed it, but as he sliced and carved into the other tormented souls thrown in the pit alongside him, he lost all of the feelings; the regret, the pain, the trauma. It had allbeen washed out by the anguished cries of the tortured begging him to stop.
You’re not alone, Dean. Sam had said. It sure as hell felt like it. He had his dead brother in the backseat, and the king of hell in his trunk, but he had never felt more alone. No more Mom, no more Dad, no more Bobby. Now, no more Sam. He had finally killed everyone around him.
Dean turned to leave, only to realize Kevin had snuck up beside him. Kevin’s almond eyes filled with tears, and he bit his lip to keep himself from crying harder. Dean knew Kevin was trying not to cry in front of him. There was nothing to cry about. Sam would be back soon. He grabbed Kevin by the arm, ushering the grief-stricken kid out of the room and slamming the door behind them. Kevin yanked his arm out of Dean’s steely grip.
“Well first,” he said, crouching down and tearing the blade out of his other palm then planting a knee against the arm that lay there. The angel beneath him grumbled, only scowling at Dean.
Sam hated it. The demon sounded like Dean, and he could see his older brother in the way he carried himself, the way he looked at him, even if it was through someone else’s eyes.
After a few miles, Castiel felt like collapsing with fatigue. Castiel knew the journey would take days, since Lebanon, Kansas was over three-hundred miles away from Longmont. This trek was exhausting. He had never been without his wings before, only ever flying long distances and- on rare occasion- riding in the Impala with the Winchesters. As he continued walking on the shoulder of the highway towards Kansas, he smiled fondly at the idea of seeing Sam and Dean again. He missed them with every atom of his being. The Winchesters seemed to be the only true friends he had, and despite their ups and downs he was always forgiven and accepted by them. It was more than his angel brethren had ever even considered giving him. He wished all angels could experience the camaraderie he had with the Winchesters, the feeling that he had people he could always rely on no matter the hardship.
Alastair laughed, the sound uncomfortably echoing inside Dean’s head. “You know what you need to do. Take a chess piece from their board. May not hold them off them forever, but it'll at least stall them.”
Castiel noticed the sun starting to set on the day, then realized how tired he was. His body lagged behind significantly and he realized he would have to sleep soon. Sleeping alone made him feel so vulnerable. An angel could strike him down while he slept, especially knowing how long humans typically slept for. He didn’t have time to sleep, but fatigue was starting to overwhelm his rejection to rest.
Dean laughed with him, even though it sounded morbid. That was the Winchesters. Laughing in the face of inevitable death.
Castiel felt at peace here in the quiet of a desolate highway, despite the exhaustion weighing down on him. Castiel’s shoes crunched against the rocks and grain of the transition between concrete and forestry, and he gazed up at the stars in wonder. How beautiful it was to see the sky from the human perspective. As an angel, he could see the planets, the stars, and the intricacies of the universe surrounding them. He could see galaxies from afar and perceive the details of the farthest moons. As a human, he was unable to perceive the details, only able to perceive the general- a vast amount of lights that shone against the dark of the night sky. In perceiving the minimal, he found it to be more beautiful than ever before.
