John realized his thoughts had gone a little astray as was their habit lately when Sherlock was close. It was an irritating mix of restless and frustrating anger and blood swirling concern, intersected with an insecurity he hadn’t known before and this new territory terrified him greatly. He was in control most of the time now, though, after he had completely lost it when Sherlock reappeared in front of a little pub John liked to have his lunch at one day. He’d nearly broken Sherlock’s nose in the process. Once he was alone in his flat afterwards he had cried, a whole new experience for him, but it had washed most of the shock from his system. To the world punching Sherlock in his dishy face still seemed an appropriate reaction, though. A reaction John had felt strangely proud of afterwards.
“Breakfast? In bed, perhaps?” John’s eyes are coy and teasing. “Or no breakfast and an early lunch instead?”
him I won’t be consulting or investigating his rogue MP, there is nothing as boring as Brexit, why can’t he just shove off?” Sherlock grumbles in annoyance and is startled by John abruptly sitting up straight and holding his phone closer to his face. “Oh.”
it has happened but every cell, every fiber in his body hums with that wonderful intimacy blooming between them that is only just
Maybe it’s the confusion of the last fortnight along with the emotional upheaval of constantly missing John the last six days and the urgent chase through the sewers that has jangled his nerves but the whole tableau really gets to him. His pulse is buzzing with useless restlessness, his breath very loud in his ears.
Did people truly see that in them? Two parts of the same entity with the only option of fitting closely into each other? Unsound without the other part? Actually telling him to his face was a new feat, though. He knew people talked about them, they always had. But it was usually in low voices behind their backs.
John is utterly invested and Sherlock is at his command; the warmth spreading from all the places John touches him to tingle over his entire body is thoroughly overwhelming. A flash of ocean blue eyes and Sherlock is once more lost at sea, panting when John takes mercy on him and releases his lips to rest their brows together. Peripherally, Sherlock is relieved to notice John is panting, too.
“Maybe it’s live mice,” he says in lieu of a better explanation but then hmmm’s. “But I’ve already ordered live mice.” They are with Molly at Bart’s, which may be a mistake because Molly is already disgustingly fond of them.
between their hips where they are slotting together and Sherlock can feel a throb low in his belly. The sensation intensifies as John skims the palms of his hands first halfway up and then down, down,
. But he just cannot get himself to ask. Cannot make himself take the plunge. A part of him balks at the sentiment, the cowardice but it is nothing in comparison to the crushing feeling behind his sternum that reminds him of how much he’d missed ballet classes when he was eight.
“Yes, but I-“ Molly chips in but Sherlock dismisses her with an impatient wave of his hand. She immediately quietens.
They tiptoed to a staircase at the outer wall of the old building, and climbed the stairs silently. They reached a window which overlooked a small roof of a lower building, and had an equally small yard in between. The yard, moderately illuminated by street lamps, was closed on three sides by walls, a gateway leading off into the darkness of an alley. A transporter was parked in front of the open gateway, but no one was in sight.
“A genius, as usual,” Lestrade chipped in. John shrugged. There was nothing else to say on the matter. John saw Lestrade’s face taking on a very paternal expression.
John could feel Sherlock tense up. Then the detective bumped his knee on John’s as he turned to him.
Sherlock is so startled his breath gets struck in his throat and his body goes completely rigid. The fact that it is still dark outside – he estimates sunrise to be around 4:50am in these late days of May – and how he cannot see exactly how draped around each other their bodies are, creates a rather exciting input for his inventive mind. Especially when John shifts again, turns fully onto his side and drags those hip bones higher over Sherlock’s pelvis before he comes to rest wrapped over half his body.
“Shouldn’t you know?” he asks, irritated, and suddenly it is not a present-situation anymore but rather more of a conundrum-situation. Sherlock’s interest is piqued, despite everything.
, he thinks in a soupçon of childish recalcitrance - for the sake of his mind’s health and all that he holds dear and precious he hopes John is encountering the same emotional distress. It would only be fair,
John instantly snapped out of it. He pushed Sherlock off of the bed, his face blushing madly, his ears burning. Sherlock tumbled into his chair, looking nonplussed. There was a very awkward moment of silence in the room. But if Lestrade, looking at the pair of them as Sherlock straightened himself in the chair and John pushed his blanket back into place, had come to the right conclusion, he thankfully refrained from saying so. Donovan definitely hadn’t noticed because she was busy angrily putting the lid onto her coffee cup.
Ever so slightly and with great care so as not to wake John, Sherlock rolls them over, thus effectively removing John’s sleeping from where it is perched atop his waist, chest and legs and getting his own arm free, lessening the contact between them. It enables thinking again for only a few seconds, though.
Sherlock opens the case of “Thriller” and carefully slips his fingers between the cover and the plastic. The paper booklet inside is soaked and has started to dissolve around the edges but not so much as may have been the case if the body had been in the water longer.
The display in front of them is gruesome, probably one of the worst things Sherlock has ever seen in his life. He doesn’t know about John, though, who must have come across similar wounds and mutilated bodies in Afghanistan. They catch their respective eyes and look at each other for a moment before Sherlock inches closer. His clothes are thoroughly damp and dirty, his hands clammy and raw but he doesn’t pay it any attention as he beckons John to bring his torch a bit closer.
“But you were,” John empathizes, though his voice is soft, “You were busy with that box and the flower.” The fingers of his hands on Sherlock’s neck slide upwards into the curls at Sherlock’s nape where they tangle and caress cautiously. As if soothing a wild animal about to bolt. It makes Sherlock’s pulse thrum in his veins and he is sure John can feel it beneath the skin and tendons of his neck.
John froze for a second, caught off guard by an array of increasingly complex feelings. He licked his lips before forcing them into a straight line and gave the D.I. a guarded look.
John pinches the bridge of his nose and the same complicated look Sherlock has detected earlier comes back into his eyes. “Sherlock has been given an anonymous Valentine’s Day present,” he says, looking at Molly, who looks downright shaken now.
, John,” Sherlock chastises coyly and John licks his lips and rolls his eyes. He gently skims his hands upwards again, brushing the other nipple. “That’s your opinion
Every time the train leaves a station, Sherlock sways towards John and their arms brush, adding a new quality to Sherlock’s confusion. It really is distracting— but in a way that makes Sherlock feel flustered and the skin around his upper spine prickles again.
Sherlock had sounded a little too defensive but then seemed to gather himself and rolled his eyes dramatically.
Sherlock got up and pulled the tray closer. He decidedly didn’t look at John when he bent over him to secure the bedside table, and suddenly it seemed like his hands were shaking. It was only for a moment, though, before Sherlock slumped back into his chair, hands folded over his chest.
they require trusting people and people are idiots. He had been lost, led astray into his darkest hours and he’s been trying for years now, not to dwell on his experiences and how much they have cost him, but to protect his mind and sanity and do what he’s best at. Do what gives him reason and purpose.
However, before the taxi can leave the kerb, the opposite door silently opens and Sherlock feels another body slide in and dip the leather seat. In the rearview mirror the cabbie raises a questioning eyebrow but Sherlock only shrugs. He doesn’t have to turn his head to know John has joined him - a whiff of tea and cologne has already given him away. John stays silent. He looks straight ahead and when Sherlock is too numb to give their Baker Street address, John does. As the cab finally takes off, the silence between them does not feel companionable. In fact, it has never felt like such an insurmountable chasm before.
From a logical point of view it’s quite simple: He tumbled into John’s arms, completely unaware that the other man’s presence and John caught him and put him back onto his feet. It really shouldn’t be so much of a problem and certainly shouldn’t be enough to keep his mind so terribly occupied, running in circles and preventing sleep from coming over him and engulfing him in soft oblivion.
4am is very truthful time of day and Sherlock finds his thoughts have strayed from the case and he cannot think logically at all. There are a lot of deductions he still has to employ about the victims and their possible murderers but all that his mind suddenly revolves around is how the knuckles of his fingers between them brush against John’s pelvis when he moves them. How their body are draped around one another, how John is seeking him out. Unabashed. How Sherlock’s own body starts to simmer. It feels intimate in a way nothing ever has before. The last time he’d shared a bed with someone he’d left after they had finished ‘scientific business’. He’d made sure there was no cuddling involved and had felt unbelievably empty on his way home through damp and dark streets but had pushed the sentiment as far down into the vaults of his mind palace as it would go.
They have talked about Sherlock’s fall and both of them are on the clear that pointing fingers is futile, but Sherlock knows he had hurt John, deeply. It has taken them quite some time to find their equilibrium, to diffuse John’s anger and settle back in together, so Sherlock had reigned in his feelings, the buzz in his guts, which had grown and flourished in his neglect before his fall. It had served him well as a motivator, though, something to hold on tight to during his time away.
Sherlock scoffs. “What are you talking about, Gavin? Focus.” He draws himself up to his full height and hopes the amount of dignity he can possibly muster while being draped in frayed sleeping wear in front of a detective inspector is enough to work in his favour. “Why are you here? Go away.”
He reached out his hands but instead of drawing him in again, he lifted John up onto his knees and began pushing down his pants and boxers. John watched him, his mind strangely detached, as Sherlock pushed the garments down his thighs and made him sit back, so he could pull them off and discard them. They joined the rest of their clothes in an untidy heap on the floor. Sherlock’s gaze was roaming over him and his hands soon followed suit. Then he took him in his arms and tipped backwards, taking John with him. They shuddered deliciously when their bodies touched without any separating fabric between them. Sherlock opened his legs to cradle John between them, their cocks touching for the first time.
John collapsed onto Sherlock’s slack body. Their fingers, still painfully tight intertwined, came loose and Sherlock hugged him close despite the mess on his lower body. He kissed John's temple, his forehead, every part of him his lips could reach and it was heaven because John was here and Sherlock was with him and it was hell because they were in no fit state to immediately engage again.
He had taken the box downstairs after putting everything back into place in Sherlock’s bedroom. He knew it didn’t look like he had never been in there but it didn’t really matter, anyway. Sherlock would know in any case, had already known he’d come here to check and left the box within easy reach. John’s head had ached when he’s sat down on the couch and put said box on the coffee table in front of him. He had stared at it again for a couple of minutes, before, feeling overly dramatic, had taken it out along with old newspapers that had been residing on the floor next to the door for ages now in a rush and had burned everything in the next available trash bin. His chest was still heaving laboriously by the time he had gotten back into the sitting room and had tumbled down onto the couch, feeling utterly spent and tired. He had fallen asleep within seconds.
If he were to ever fall for someone again, of course it would have been someone like John. Someone smart, affectionate, compassionate, handsome and non-boring. Someone he can respect and who respects him in return for what and who he is. That is most important, and a lesson he’s learned the hard way. John does all that, the respect, the affection; at least up to a point as is feasible among friends, though not lovers. If John ever leaves, the consequences will be dire. Sherlock will succumb to darkness again, he will be lost, he will…
“Don’t you want your heart?” John enquires and raises a playful eyebrow. He has already unwrapped one of the small chocolate hearts and is gingerly popping it into his mouth. Sherlock stares at the pink tip of his tongue where it touches the chocolate and considers because, yes, his sweet-tooth demands him to have at it but, as it is, he feels already nearly uncomfortably full.
Mrs. Hudson was in the hallway when John opened the front door, a tray with two cups and a tiny sugar bowl in hands. It looked like she had just been upstairs in their flat.
He perfectly well understands the concept of romanticism, at least on a theoretical basis and has always brushed it off as tedious and pathetic. Last night, however, for the first time in his entire life, he’d felt a certain pull towards another human being and he’s convinced how the atmosphere was not at all detrimental for that purpose. There was a moment when he had really wanted to brush John’s hand or be even bolder and take it in his. He had reached out and grabbed his glass of wine instead.
is my perfect evening, Sherlock,” John whispers against his lips when they part. The doctor is short of breath and his eyes flicker over Sherlock’s face, no doubt gauging his reaction. They are still standing very close; John has tugged their locked hands between them and holds them pressed to his chest. His left thumb caresses the knuckles of Sherlock right hand, while John’s other arm rests around Sherlock’s shoulder, palm flat against his neck. Holding, not pinning him in place.
Sherlock let go of his hand at the door and swiftly moved around the bed to switch on a small light while John closed the door, a feeling of both finality and nervousness settling in his stomach. When he turned around he saw how Sherlock’s teeth worried his lower lip.
The thought somehow hurts as much as it is startling. Never has science so entirely failed him before. Has made him regret where he’d though he knew better. Has neglected to provide him with the most essential data – that the heart with its sensitivities apparently is a far more important parameter in the chemistry of two beings that he has ever given it credit for. His body may have lost its innocents years ago, but his heart certainly hasn’t.
"Why would I care about a stupid saying that only serves as social kit for drunken people?" he exclaimed.
The mysterious card and digitalis flower from yesterday that he still hasn’t the first idea about who’d sent it to him notwithstanding; receiving John’s present means he can at least finally solve
John huffed, then reached for a book lying on the kitchen table and put it in Sherlock's hand with force.
I was talking about is beyond me.” Serious again, he continues, “I also told him that I wanted them and that it isn’t just a fling. I- I am serious. I’ve made up my mind and I don’t want to be a coward any longer. So…” he hesitates, “…what do you say?”
Well, then again, maybe the other man already knew and that was why they’d argued so much, or rather John asked questions and Sherlock ignored him. He didn’t know if Sherlock was interested in that sort of thing in the first place but thinking back to their conversation about dating he was positive that at least Sherlock’s experiences in that field were terribly limited. If they existed at all. Not that the thought bothered him greatly. He’d be surprised if it wasn’t as it apparently presented itself. John was also a little surprised that the homosexual touch of it was no great matter to him. It wasn’t as if he was interested in men in general, he was solely interested in Sherlock.
The next 27 hours seemed blend into each other. He had awoken in the morning after searching their flat, feeling widely confused about how he could have slept through half of the day and the night on the sofa in their sitting room but he’d been so incredibly exhausted. There were images in his head which felt dreamlike and unfixed, of warm skin on his cheeks when he had been so cold, of words whispered in the dark but it all was already slipping from him minutes after he’d woken in the light of an early tuesday morning. Like mist on a field in the morning; beautiful, unreal somehow and frustratingly impossible to hold onto. Only when he’d gotten up to fix himself a cup of tea had he noticed that Sherlock’s bedroom door stood ajar when he was 100% sure he’d closed it the day before. He himself was clad in a blanket that was still securely wrapped around him because he had taken it off the sofa with him. He could not remember having it with him when he had collapsed on the sofa 18 hours earlier.
Sherlock’s words resounded in John’s head again and again until they felt like a heavy weight on his very soul. A weight he wanted to shake off. Moving on. Wasn’t that what he tried? Desperately tried? He laughed in exasperation.
“Oh god, yes, Sherlock. You have no idea how bored I was without you. I just need a fresh pair of trousers and a dry shirt but I’ve got some here in the suitcase.”
Regent’s Park at night is beautiful. The air is clear and mild, with a bit of a fresh wind, and the pathways amidst the scattered street lamps are emptied of the buzzing crowd that certainly must have enjoyed the afternoon here earlier. Stray couples occasionally pass them but no one really lingers around the playgrounds and university buildings at around half past ten on a february night. The library sports a few illuminated windows but once they pass Triton’s Fountain and the open air theatre, they don’t meet anyone else again.
“Three, as of today, and if you count the Sunday I noticed, twenty-two days,” Sherlock clarifies and swallows hard like he realized a mistake. John is silent, his blue eyes incredulous and there is another layer of truth in John’s question.
Sherlock had surprised him genuinely with his shyness and a certain degree of awkwardness. John had wondered whether that stemmed from lack of past commitment, limited experience or just nerves. It was probably a combination of all three that made Sherlock tremble deliciously in his arms, his lips soon kiss-swollen, his look dazed and his hands clutching John’s body in a fascinating mixture of wonder, greed and desperation. Sherlock's hands had roved over his back, his chest, his shoulders and face to touch as much of John as he could. Sweet little sounds had escaped him and he had tilted his head back when John’s teeth had grazed over the pulse point at his throat, only to tighten his grip around him and blush down to his collarbones. His shirt was in the way, blocking John’s view, and John had wondered how far that blush actually extended.
The way Sherlock’s face flushed and he averted his gaze made him laugh out loud. He heard Sherlock huff in exasperation.
And then there was the fact that Sherlock, for whatever reasons, refused to talk about what happened in the two years he was gone. And why these two years had happened in the first place. Moriarty was dead, he’d seen his body in the morgue, so there was no threat to be expected, wasn’t there? John had already tried so many different approaches to get Sherlock to talk about what had happened between him and Moriarty on the roof that day but the other man had turned him down every time. And with every approach John attempted the thing, whatever it was, grew bigger and took on a nastier shape in his head. He was getting increasingly desperate about it and wondered if, after their latest row, he’d get an answer at all.
“Why would I be angry with you?” he retorts, incredulous, then thinks and amends, “I could ask you the same question, John.”
“I thought about texting you, believe me. I thought about it so many times back then,” John heard the other whisper and he sounded so unsure, so very vulnerable and unlike himself, that John lifted his head a bit and touched his cheek to Sherlock’s in an attempt to reassure him and ease his pain a bit.
His voice spoke volumes of finality, and John had to look to the ground to keep himself from screaming.
If some of those encounters had been of a romantic nature Sherlock find himself unable to deduce. It is not like he can go and ask John about them and digging into John’s history, tracking down people who have served with him to obtain data is just a tad too obsessive, even for him.
Life has, admittedly, been a bit boring since Moriarty blew his own brain out. Well, Sherlock concedes in silence, life has, admittedly, been less of a constant threat to body, mind and soul since Moriarty blew his own brain out.  There may be other criminals, other syndicates out there but since Sherlock succeeded over Moriarty and his spider web, no one has openly approached him. So maybe this is a real
But no, Sherlock thinks, no, he can’t. There is no hiding from the images - they’ve already taken up residence in the hallways and rooms of his mind palace and on the empty sheets and pillows of his silent bedroom.
“What? No!” he exclaims, forcefully, and fumbles to check his mobile again. Sherlock’s eyes narrow because the box and flower, he recalls, aren’t the only mystery meant to be solved here.
“John, I assure you that I have indeed heard about something like that. But have you ever known me to do casual when anything important is concerned? Casual is a concept unacquainted to me. I either do something properly or I refrain from doing it at all.”
Sherlock kept on muttering about eyeballs, tapping manically on the keyboard of his laptop, while John tried to ignore him. When his cup was empty, he put on his jacket and left the flat. He didn’t notice how Sherlock’s eyes followed him to the door.
John’s eyebrows rise. “I didn’t exactly call you away, Sherlock, I merely told you to expect a delivery.”
“But you know, some people treat these experiences and their possibilities with casual interest?” he asked a moment later and couldn’t quite keep the mockery out of his voice. Sherlock gave him a mock-pained look.
Picking up his phone Sherlock’s face became all business, their conversation seemingly already marked off.
“Yes, I know you, and I have seen a lot of your friend Holmes - not only lately. He never meddled with my business, though. He let it thrive and prosper.”
Sherlock relives the slugfest again and feels giddy with mirth, adrenalin and John’s unwavering loyalty. It’s quite fascinating how he is able to constantly surprise him. Sherlock wonders how he could ever think John ordinary or even mediocre when he is in fact such a quache of hidden treasures.
Sherlock huffs in annoyance. So much for calm and skillful manipulation; navigating the tricky waters of his sentiments while he’s sentimental is very, very frustrating, nearly as much as not being able to reign in said sentiments and do what he’s good at. He’s close to just tear himself away from John, go home and hide in his bedroom to lick his wounds. Maybe get drunk, he thinks sardonically, humans seem to enjoy inebriation a lot when things don’t turn out as they desire. He could as well get drunk tonight.
John felt the corners of his mouth twitch. What was it with these Holmes brothers that made them so… irritating?
John returns with their second round of watery tea in plastic cups and puts one next to Sherlock on the counter.
“I am sure he just wants to prove he’s omnipotent, that git. His behavior indeed is irritating. Not that I am surprise.. or complaining this time.”
He meets John in the hallway beside the door to the loo when he emerges out of his room, fully dressed into his third best suit and a crisp black shirt. Lestrade is still in the kitchen, talking on the phone and munching on a slice of toast in between and cannot see them. Sherlock smiles and reaches out an arm. It seems as though John has had much the same idea because the moment he sees Sherlock, he flies over to him and kisses him abundantly. “Knowing
When Sherlock was eight years old he’d stumbled into ballet classes at school and despite the fact that he’d been the only boy present Sherlock had found that he’d really liked it. It lasted only for the brief period of four and a half months and it is one of the secrets he’s never going to share with anyone and would always deny and take to the grave. But his body surely remembers the malleability of an eight-years-old and how to pirouette.
He would lean forward and rest his elbows on the table top to be closer to John. Make sure he brushes his curls out of his forehead once in a while to make as much use as possible of the soft candle light and the way it illuminates his pale eyes and brings out auburn highlights in his hair.
"That naturally doesn't mean I want you to be unhappy, though. You may think I don’t know what I am talking about anyway, so if you must, go ahead and get casually involved."
, John never winks at him in real life and Sherlock would prefer that on any given day because texting winks and not following through with them in real life just bloody
"I am not acting, I am just trying to figure out how life with an ordinary little mind would be. Ah, got it, absurdly boring", he muttered, his voice rough and dark. John rolled his eyes and chuckled under his breath, feeling only mildly annoyed now.
“You don’t want to play games, John, this isn’t passing time for you. You want this to be serious. This... with me...”
“John,” he heard Sherlock gasp, and felt himself drawn in again. There was a look in Sherlock’s eyes that John had never seen before. But, though he welcomed the thought with all his heart, he didn’t get to kiss Sherlock a second time.
“I’ve been waiting for you to ask,” John says and Sherlock is chuffed to notice the twinkle is back in his eyes. “You didn’t forget about it.”
“I didn’t know if it was enough for you. I-- I didn’t know I’d miss you so much-- need you so much. But when I came back you were so angry and I wanted to make you feel at ease first and then maybe-- when I had won your trust again--“
"When was the last time you had a good chance of spending your night someplace else in delightful company?" he muttered and flopped down into his chair, fuming.
John pushed himself offof the couch, using his momentum to pull Sherlock along. He took his hand in his own, and like Sherlock had done before, lifted it up to plant a soft kiss into Sherlock's palm.
“Do you want me to get your pajama? We need to get out of these soiled clothes. I’ll fix us tea and food,” he offers and as an afterthought he commands “Don’t get into a strop.”
The thing is, he’s never particularly cared about any of them the way he cares about John. And John, who has walked the line of friendship before and certainly knows his way, cares about him in return. They’ve known each other for three and a half years now and Sherlock has never really entertained the thought before that, being the difficult man he is, there is a person who likes him exactly for what and who he is.
And then, as if this all wasn’t enough anyhow, there was the drug issue. The media had cannibalized on the Sherlock’s “suicide” two years ago and had played it out for weeks. They had done the same when he resurfaced a few weeks ago along with columns, reports and stories about his damaged reputation. John still found bits of news about that online and in print nearly every day in different magazines and newspapers. The media was giving them a hard time winning back Sherlock’s good reputation and John was always glad when he read the approving and benevolent comments most users still shared on John’s blog, even though he hadn’t updated it in months or on several online papers. He wondered what the media would do if they knew about Sherlock’s renewed drug issues.
It wasn’t long before John heard the door click and when he turned around Sherlock was standing in the sitting room, all coat flaps and flushed high cheekbones as if a gust of cold wind had just blown him in. He took off his coat and shoes and John immediately noticed a bloody cut on this left eyebrow. He sighed inwardly and put his blanket aside to get up.
When they were gone, there was an odd moment of silence before Sherlock rose and sat on the side of John’s bed again that he had abandoned before. John thought of their kiss when Sherlock’s weight shook the bed, but Lestrade’s visit and his description of the drug lab, along with his own imagination of Sherlock buying material there, had considerably sobered him.
“The telephone is no use,” he spat, lifting a disconnected receiver off of a table at the opposite side of the door and then tossing it back. Apart from that and the little shelf, there wasn’t much in the room to work with. No chair or computer. Nothing that could protect them from a gun, be hurled at their kidnappers, or be used to open the door.
Sliding his hand down a bit, John lets his thumb rest suggestively at Sherlock’s lips and Sherlock, grateful for the reprieve and eager to side-track John, slants his eyes upwards and sucks it into his mouth. John’s answering gasp is delicious.
But John is still here. Sherlock isn’t even sure John is still regularly dating like he used to, come to think of it. It’s not like Sherlock has paid much attention to the respective females over the years. They appeared, stayed around for a bit but in the end they left and John came home to 221B where it was just the two of them. Sherlock wonders if something has happened, if something has slipped his attention because, all of a sudden, John has gone and shifted Sherlock’s whole world with a few entirely unexpected and intense glances.
Sherlock went first, running into the dark alley in front of the storehouse, and vanished into darkness a second later. When no screams or shots came, John began to follow.
Where functionality is the main parameter, replaceability is an unchallenged necessity. According to that thesis, social or emotional entanglement is either tedious and not desirable or simply hurts and since most people are intolerable tosser Sherlock, at some point, has simply given up on other people and the potentialities their company had to offer to him. It had always suited him just fine, thank you very much.
When John’s tongue slides between his lips again, his teeth grazing the sensitive skin of his mouth, Sherlock hears himself groan into the touch. John’s body is radiating heat as well as obligingness, it is a steady, reliable presence and Sherlock suddenly doesn’t understand
“Good morning,” he replies and John smiles at him and lazily kisses his chin. Sherlock may have been too strung out a few hours ago to fully appreciate the afterglow, the cuddling, but he happily indulges now. Lifting his arms to encompass John, he strokes over sturdy shoulders and a delicately muscled back before his fingers move over strong arms upwards to tangle into short strands of silver-blond hair. John huffs a lazy breath and Sherlock instantly decides, that, lackadaisical, warm and naked in his bed is how he likes John best in the morning.
John doesn’t answer immediately. Instead he pinches the bridge of his nose while two faint red spots rise on his cheeks. He has moved half a step closer to Sherlock and Sherlock bristles.
He pulls John closer, presses his face into the hollow behind his ear, his scent all around him and feels his own heart thudding in his throat. He doesn’t know for how much he is really up to now - it’s all really overwhelming, to say the least - but after another moment he takes John’s hand and intertwining their fingers he pushes them away from the kitchen counter.
Sherlock has to chuckle. “You don’t offer compromising collaterals first, John. The possibilities for blackmail are too high. Besides, I already know you’ve done music classes.”
“Have you ever… Don’t get me wrong…” John breathes, floundering for words, his face flushed now and Sherlock wonders if John has planned what to say in advance and his stammer is just a belated nervous reaction that has him tongue-tied now that they have so obviously moved beyond glances. “You have done this before—”
John blushed heavily and cut the look. Sherlock’s grip onto his hips and the small circles his thumb was doing on his skin kept him grounded and remain in place while Sherlock's eyes, large in their dimly-lit sitting room, tried to hold his gaze. John didn’t know why he hadn’t started sliding his hands under Sherlock’s shirt, dip into the waistband of his trousers and unwrap him. But a small part in him was not convinced, that these actions were in his best interests. Or in Sherlock’s.
“It was only for your safety. It wasn’t because I wanted to lie or push you away. It was the best decision I could make back then but that doesn’t mean I don’t regret that I had to make it in the first place.”
But for once Lestrade doesn’t let himself be deterred. “Sherlock, we’ve found something on the body of the woman you two discovered yesterday” he says and lifts a small plastic bag onto eye level. Sherlock takes it and examines the content. It is a small wooden ball, slightly beveled so it isn’t perfectly round, approximately a half an inch in diameter, light brown and with a hole in the middle. In the natural grooves of the wood tiny brown indentions can be seen – as if it has been dumped into paint and then washed and dried. Sherlock rolls it in his fingers briefly before a knowing smile lights his face. He hands it back to Lestrade and starts aligning data. This really looks quite promising. “Where did you find it?” he asks only to have Lestrade confirm his suspicion. “In her stomach.”
“I HAVE BEEN PATIENT FOR TWO BLOODY YEARS. BEING PATIENT WITH YOU WILL TAKE ME TO AN EARLY GRAVE. NOT THAT YOU WOULD KNOW…”
Sherlock wonders what exactly John is angry about, if it is him or the mysterious present or the person behind the mysterious present. Or something entirely different?
There might have been some same-sex interests in John’s previous life. In fact, Sherlock is downright positive John has made experience while in the army. However, that time has long since passed and Sherlock doesn’t know about the nature of said experiences. Doesn’t know whether these haven’t only happened out of convenience. Men, alone in the desert among enemy forces, constantly under threat against body and psyche. Sentiments of any kind must have run wild. That’s why Sherlock is convinced certain encounters have indeed happened.
He exhaled deeply and stepped back, touching his face where Sherlock’s fingers had handled him just a second ago. He found it quite a struggle to casually roll his eyes at Sherlock now.
His musing was interrupted when a certain carnal need made itself plain and he got out of the bed to go to the bathroom. His face in the mirror showed him a purple bruise on his jaw and a bandage around his head but his lip had already started to scab over. He growled to himself, his eyes roaming over his tired complexion, his mussy hair. He decided to take a quick shower now and soak in the bathtub later at home.
He walked past her and gave her a smile before ascending the stairs. Mrs. Hudson seemed to linger for another moment, her eyes probably following him upstairs but he couldn’t bring himself to care. He just felt so tired.
He sighs and feels very hot all over again and, with pride but unfathomable difficulty, decides against cupping his hand around himself because it’s distracting and just all too much now without someone with him to actually respond to.
“You were gone and didn’t bother the wreckage you left me in. I didn’t know you had so much cruelty in you to let me watch you die.”
The way John glances at him has changed. It’s also hardly glancing anymore, it’s properly looking now. It has grown open, warm and tender and Sherlock practically baths in John’s attention. It goes both ways, though, and Sherlock wonders if he lives up to whatever criteria John may be applying to or looking for in him. Along with the glances and looks go the touches - small brushes of fingers over tea mugs, files, breakfast plates and shoulders, conveying scintillating flashes of electricity that make Sherlock’s mind swirl and fascinate him in a way that borders on distraction. It takes him a while to realize what exactly it is he’s feeling when John’s eyes are on him. It’s entirely uncharted territory. He’s playing the violin when finally deductions fall into line and he discovers the definition. It hits him totally unpremeditated but he instantly knows that what used to be a slip, an awkward choice of words to John in his bedroom, is irrevocably true: He has fallen in love with John and it’s equally unique and terrifying.
"Two scoops of sugar, three stirs, spoon is in the cup, now will you put your feet off the coffee table, the eyeballs alone are indecent enough."
Having said these words, he opened the low door under the stairs, and John was shoved inside behind Sherlock. Then the door closed, plunging them into total darkness.
The man went limp instantly. John grabbed Sherlock’s hand and hurled him back to his feet. Their chests were heaving laboriously, their faces wild. When their eyes met, John saw the same look on Sherlock’s face that he had given him on the roof; his gaze intense and glistening. John’s heart gave a hard thud.
The corners of Sherlock’s mouth twitched into a humourless smile. He took a look around before his gaze flickered back to John, and stepped closer, raising his right hand to John’s jaw.
They were breathing hard when John pulled Sherlock even closer. He heard the floor beneath them creak again, but his brain only barely registered it. His mouth crashed into Sherlock’s, effectively drowning out his train of thought. With Sherlock’s soft lips on his own, one hand in Sherlock’s hair, the other at his lapel, it all seemed unreal. To his utter surprise he felt Sherlock kiss him back, fiercely, fully enclosing him in his arms. They were both on their knees and Sherlock’s upper body tilted sideways against the wall. John slid half onto him, chest to chest, thigh to thigh, mouth to mouth…
John watched Sherlock rake his hands through his hair and litter the floor around him with flakes of wood and dust, his eyes sparkling furiously.
have. John is smart and observant and, mixed signals be damned, Sherlock has practically worn his heart on his sleeve half of the day. First in the lab when John had gotten so close Sherlock had nearly forgotten himself and kissed him. His visible jealousy afterwards when he found out John had actually planned a date with someone else. The prospect of Lestrade going on a date with Mycroft, of all people; of
“I am off. Molly, John,” he says in parting, nodding towards them but deliberately ignoring Sherlock before taking his leave.
John has sent him occasional texts that made Sherlock buzz with excitement and energy and even though it had only been trivia John had shared with him, he’s triggered Sherlock into a very lucid day dream during a cab ride home to change his shirt.
Maybe John trying to make Sherlock confide in him had been too much to ask. Maybe sharing that desperate, mindless kiss had sent them over the edge into forbidden territory.
“I wouldn’t exactly call if afraid. But superstition mostly has a true piece to it. You cannot be sure it wouldn’t have been bad if I hadn’t clinked glasses so many times in the past.”
He sat on the sofa and switched on the telly, toying with his phone in hand. His head did not hurt anymore and once he’d taken off the bandage and washed off the dirt he was feeling decent again. He had just reached out his other hand to grab the bottle of rum, that was still standing there from a few days earlier (of course he’d gotten rid of the eyeballs in the progress of searching their flat), filled a glass and downed it when he felt he was calm and strong enough and it had to be now or never. He opened the message field on his phone.
John’s mouth is tilted into an excited smile when they are finally dressed and ready. When they leave the flat to hail a cab there is a moment when Sherlock turns around to John the second John’s tongue comes forward and dabs his lips. Sherlock mind stumbles in his train of thoughts, something hot and potent rushes through his veins and for the first time in his entire life he really longs to feel some other person’s lips on his own - just for the sake of leisure kissing and carnal exchange that is probably just so much more than what he’s ever experienced and thought of before. He gets into the waiting cab, John’s hand a shadow on the small of his back and his whole body just hums.
John’s body is inches from him, his hands still at Sherlock’s chest and waist and his mouth is tilted into a very lovely smile, his eyes ablaze with light and a second later Sherlock hears him laugh.
They look at each other for a few long moments, smiling and it feels totally out of time before John’s face gets screwed into a yawn he tries to stifle by turning his head into the pillow. “If we don’t go back to sleep now, Sherlock, I’ll be too worn and tired to crawl through the sewers again with you tomorrow or do anything remotely productive” he states good-naturedly, his hand a steady weight within shocks of dark and messy curls. “You can take Anderson or Donovan.”
Sherlock scoffs. “Please John, ‘ordinary’ is an insult in the language I speak.” This is followed by a moment of silence before Sherlock caves under John’s gaze. “It feels like I am out of my comfort zone,” he admits, and as an afterthought, elaborates “But in a nice way, actually. If I were to look at it in a scientific fashion, I’d say romantic inclination is basically a change in neurotransmission, a release of hormones, of dopamine, testosterone, oxytocin, neurotrophin and serotonin. Oh, and don’t forget the socio-scientific approach even though this literal combination is an abomination. Our culture is full of romanticisms about affairs of the heart and favors it with analogies and flamboyant description…”
He left the hospital a few hours later after a doctor had checked his head again, stripping off the bandage to replace it with a new one. Since he had only his clothes from the night before yesterday he walked out of the main entrance in muddied trousers and a badly stained jacket. Deciding to take a walk instead of immediately hailing a cab, he meandered through the streets, taking his time. He would have to face everything soon enough. It was a nice and sunny day, after all. When he reached a little bakery on a street corner he decided to treat himself to a sweet breakfast and decent coffee. Lifting his arm to open the door he noticed a black sleek car stopping next to him on the pavement and when he turned to fully look at it, Mycroft Holmes got out of the back door.
“What’s the time?” John’s sleepy voice inquires close to his ear a moment later. “It’s still dark.” John’s arms come up to hug around Sherlock’s waist in a matter of course, as if they belong right there. His palms fall flat against the panes of his back and spine when John, with a trace of gentle brashness, pulls him down towards him, condemning Sherlock’s former ministrations to futility.
He had been very much relieved that John hadn’t found someone to settle down with during his absence and so had promised himself not to go and ruin it for John lest he’d get angry and leave for good after Sherlock had just gotten him back. Which would hurt. A lot. It’s the most terrifying thing Sherlock can imagine.
When they arrived in the storehouse area that Sherlock’s homeless network had informed them about, it was just after midnight. It was dreadfully cold, even for late January and John zipped his jacket while he took in their immediate surroundings. He was still feeling weird and oddly unstable due to their exchange before that he’d been nervously pondering throughout their whole cab ride.
Sherlock pulls his hands out of the carcass and flips the nitrile gloves into the bin without looking. There is a bit of gore on the cuff of his shirt where he’s rolled it up but it slid down stubbornly. Molly hands him a tissue. “So,” she says conversationally, “John?”
John noticed how his voice shook on the last two sentences. He clamped his lips shut, steadying himself, only to continue a minute later, his voice low and urgent.
“I know I’ve hurt you badly. I have given that matter a lot of thought in the past days. But what you need to understand is that it was an utter necessity at that point to have you believe I was a fraud. But, please, John--“ Sherlock’s voice faded and he had to clear his throat awkwardly.
On Thursday afternoon John was in dire need of a bath. His scalp itched and his hair looked like a sodden haystack underneath the bandage. It was high time to get the thing off and be done with that. He wasn’t admitting the fact to himself in broad daylight that, if Sherlock really did check on him at night, he didn’t want to look like a beggar again. Or some helpless, wretched git.
"Okay now, let me deduce for you," Sherlock exclaimed, taking his own teacup and returning to the couch from where he gave John a mocking look-over that made John’s heart pound annoyingly. His brows furrowed.
Sherlock’s mouth opened, but no sound came out. John temporarily had the feeling Sherlock may have wanted to say something completely different. Unbidden pictures came into his mind of how a night out between them could potentially end. Him, lying in Sherlock’s bed, dark curls in his face, gentle pressure on his hips, soft lips catching on his name…
To his surprise John’s brows shoot upwards and he abruptly uncrosses his arms. Stepping closer to Sherlock, who immediately backs away half a step, he raises a hand and shakes it in negation. “No, no,” he says and a befuddled look comes into his eyes. “Sherlock, what are you talking about? Those weren’t my plans. And what faceless female?”
“You knew who they were. You were just waiting for the final evidence from your network to show you exactly where you would find their lab…”
Sherlock’s eyes were very serious, yet incredibly tender and honest when John lifted his gaze to look at him. Sherlock sighed.
“What’s going on in this genius brain of yours?” John said quietly and bit his lip, feeling terribly sad. All potentialities, their friendship, everything depended on Sherlock trusting him again. He wondered what was keeping him and if he had, somehow, failed him in some way he couldn’t grasp.
Out of the corner of his eyes he sees John smile at him. His adrenalin high subsides instantly, leaving him suddenly flustered and nervous. John glances at him again.
“Yours is too far away,” Sherlock said and, intertwining their fingers, took a step backwards down the hallway towards his own bedroom. John didn’t know whether he pushed or Sherlock pulled but they moved along, their eyes never leaving each other.
“I knew you would go looking for evidence and I won’t hide it from you that I thought about throwing it all to the wind and get a fix. That’s how I came into contact with these dealers. But then I decided against it. And left the box so you wouldn’t worry too much.”
John only shakes his head, determined. “We have been living together for how long now? Sure, I know what to expect from you, I don’t wanna change you” he says, thinks and adds “I’ve promised myself to grasp the opportunity should it ever present itself. And I will. I am just a little unsure what it is that you might want.” Thin lips purse for a second. “If you want anything at all, that is. Kissing in the kitchen at night is nice, it really is. But some things don’t feel right anymore once the sun rises.”
The music stopped when he crossed the sitting room to get to the stairs leading to his room. Turning around he saw Sherlock watching him, the violin loosely hanging in his delicate hands.
The box looks quite impressive with its deep dark red and its velvety surface and Sherlock’s first clue is the black ribbon that ties the lid to the lower body. There is no note, though, no clue to doubtlessly verify a sender and right next to him John’s frown is deepening.
John shrugs, face closed. “Delivery man from UPS, arrived in the appropriate vehicle, tall, blond, in a hurry. I had to sign for it.”
“John, you’re with Sherlock, good. I’ve just rang you up. I wanted to share news worth a 9 on Sherlock’s crime scale, and you will like it.”
Sherlock sounded furious, his voice a low growl. When he looked up at Lestrade, John had to cover his face with his hand for a second, desperately trying to quell his rapidly beating heart. His chest felt so full of conflicting emotions - joy, anger, embarrassment - that he didn’t know what to say or do.
Despite the white-hot anger and disappointment that’s coiling in his stomach, Sherlock finds himself snorting and out of the corner of his eyes he notices John staring at him.
“Don’t worry, they will. See that transporter there?” Sherlock motioned to the car standing in front of the open gateway. John nodded once.
“Well, perhaps, yes,” Molly amends, aiming for calm astuteness but missing in her hurry. Awkwardly slipping her mobile into the pocket of her lab coat, she puts the cage down on the counter next to John, who looks at her dubiously. Sherlock sees Molly quickly blink at him apologetically and turning towards Lestrade, she says “I think what your forensic thought was opium poisoning actually is poppy seeds, I found the remains of three pieces of poppy-seed cake in the stomach. The toxin ramifications are on a similar scale, it’s quite an easy mistake to make.”
Sherlock narrows his eyes and is definitely sure now that there is something off about John. His face is scrunched, his hands fully clenched into fists and he radiates palpable waves of unhappiness.
It feels a bit out of time and reality and Sherlock spins through possible reasons for John’s behavior but momentarily comes up blank. John looks like a lost boy somehow, his head tilted slightly to the right, his eyes shy. Sherlock feels compelled to stare down onto his laptop in simulated busy oblivion while the skin around his neck starts to tingle.
Sherlock shrugged his shoulders. It felt heavily like they were having two very different conversations; one with words and one without.
“Yes, I did, but it appears my competences lie elsewhere. I was afraid I’ve got it all wrong and-- kissed you for the wrong reason.”
The afternoon John comes back home on is too rainy and brisk for late May. The door clicks when Sherlock is in their sitting room changing his shirt and simultaneously retrieving a bottle of water from the fridge and suddenly there is John standing in the doorway with a carry-on suitcase in his hand, all wet hair and bright eyes and Sherlock’s heart lurches hard to one side.
“What do you need live mice for, Sherlock?” John asks, suspicion thick in his voice. “And where are they?”
He touches his tongue to Sherlock’s again, firm and reassuring and hot and the last time someone had kissed Sherlock like that, it had been a brief prelude to more and all too soon had found Sherlock spread on an untidy bed with his legs splayed wide open. Only perfunctory kisses had been bestowed on him in the course of action, taking the real pleasure elsewhere.
John lifted his head and saw Sherlock look at him, an incredible intensity going on behind his eyes and suddenly John had to laugh, all the tension falling off of him and he kissed Sherlock flat on the mouth, his breath hitching in his throat.
“So, this present of yours,” Sherlock prompts in desperate need for a change of where this discussion is heading. Frustration notwithstanding, he surprises himself with how downright conversational he sounds. “What is it?”
During the ride home in the cab Sherlock figures that Molly is indeed telling the truth and it really is Valentine’s Day because the city is adorned with hearts and ribbons and roses and more such nonsense and Sherlock decides that, clearly, humanity has gone insane. He’d been too busy in his mind palace on the way to the morgue earlier, planning his experiment, and had deliberately blocked out his entire surroundings. Which is probably why the overall-adorable-fluffy-commerce-atmosphere disgusts him so thoroughly now.
“Off home to your sweetheart, mate? Where are the flowers?” the cabbie asks him good-naturedly but an annoyed glance towards the man tells Sherlock that he’s not really interested in two-sided small talk. Because the next second the man launches into a monologue about his beautiful wife who’s waiting for him at home. Sherlock feels hard-pressed to not tell the man off because, for once, Valentine’s Day is just a stupid, commercial holiday, and a quick assessment tells him the cabbie is basically showing off, telling white lies, is most likely without any romantic partner whatsoever and probably has the late shift.
John just hummed, feeling very pleased with himself, took his own cup from the counter. He sat down in his favorite chair, taking this morning's papers and burying himself behind them.
He wasn’t alone, though, and once John had fully come around, he saw Sherlock’s coat hanging over a chair next to his bed. The man himself was staring out of the window when John opened his eyes, and for a moment, John was able to take in Sherlock’s slender form. The right sleeve of his shirt was thoroughly muddied up to his shoulder; his curls were messy; and he had his hands interlaced under his chin, giving him the look of a prayer. He appeared to be unhurt, and John was overwhelmed by a wave of relief that washed through him.
is the one that gets all the messages and John mostly receives his from either the clinic, Lestrade or himself, Sherlock. “Go, check,” he prompts and John rolls his eyes but gets up and angles for his phone. He fumbles a bit in his jeans, untangles it and frowns. “It’s your brother.”
“Add that to the list of things people might talk about. You and me, trapped in a small room, with no means to stay warm but each other.”
He looks really handsome as he strolls over to sit on the couch where he casually reaches for today’s papers.
“A simple card,” he states, pulling it out, holding it around the edges between his palms. “No personal indication I can detect. It's hand written but it’s no one I recognize.
“No, but your tapping is. You’re tapping your fingers, stop that.” Sherlock waves his hand in in the general direction of where John sits in his chair and resumes examining the filaments in the cardstock. Daylight is rapidly fading and he has half a mind to tell John to switch on the lights in the kitchen when, abruptly, exactly that happens.
“Sherlock, this has to stop. How can I trust you? Yes, you came back, but you left me to believe you’re dead - and I don’t know why - and now it looks like you’re using drugs again. And then we-- That’s so frustrating.”
“Adoration is a very strong term for a single flower and roughly 2 ounces of cardstock,” he retorts and John chuckles.
But Sherlock ignores her completely and is nearly grateful when he reaches the street where he hails a cab, practically tumbles into the backseat and immediately turns his head towards the window to just breathe.
“Moriarty threatened to kill you if I didn’t die,” he said and let out a slow puff of breath that caressed John’s left cheek.
a romantic,” he simply declares, and swallowing around his awkwardness, leans forward and kisses John.
Sherlock huffs and, despite the delay, feels a rush of fond affection towards the doctor. John is adorably captivating when he’s protective but Sherlock has a mystery to solve now
“John, John,” Sherlock says, talking over John and finally fully looking up at him. “Don’t- That’s- No one truly likes me, as you should well know.” He says it with a finality that makes John open his mouth but, thankfully, refrain from finishing the sentence. Instead he bites the corner of his lower lip, eyes glistening with something very close to anger again.
But he couldn’t finish his exclamation, for Mycroft impatiently waved his hand, stepping closer to Sherlock. John felt like a spectator in a theater performance.
There is still no trace of the young woman, though and Sherlock is hawk-like. If her boyfriend has been the victim of a fatal crime chances are she has been as well. Trepidation runs high with urgency by the time they check in with Lestrade and his team again before returning to the sewers, this time with the whole NSY crew to cover more ground.
In an instant his world became mute and he felt his blood pressure rise. His soldier mode kicked in.
“Oh, John, that’s…” Molly starts but immediately shuts off at a look from John. She pulls her lab coat closer around her shoulders, her face carefully blank, then turns to encompass Sherlock. “Okay, where do you want me to start?”
“Listen, Sherlock,” he said, his voice too weak in his own ears, and he switched the telly volume to mute.
Lying here in his bed, listening to his own breathing - in and out, inhaling, exhaling, Sherlock is thoroughly swept away by how
The buzzing of his phone on the sofa brought a stop to their movements against each other and he felt Sherlock pull away slightly to look at him.
He browses the data aimlessly for a while but it doesn’t really help him solve the mystery of John’s secret glances. It leaves him frustrated and confused.
, and let the waves crash over him. Let himself be sucked under water only to be washed back ashore, breathless and shaking. And John had shaken him thoroughly, both with his revelations in the park and his hands, skin and mouth in his bed. He’d lost his awkwardness when John’s strong body had pressed him into the mattress and his mouth had whispered glorious praise and endearments into his ears that had thoroughly taken hold in his mind and Sherlock truly cannot say when exactly they’d finally fallen into a sated slumber, strung out and deeply pleased within the soft and warm presence of each other.
Next to him John opens his messages. “He’s texted twice, I didn’t check the one from last night, couldn’t be bothered. He’s telling me to tell you to stop being childish and ignoring your phone.” John chuckles and Sherlock dramatically rolls his eyes.
“No, it didn’t, Sherlock, but I guess you running after every half-cooked mystery that presents itself is just something I cannot change.” Fuming, John crosses his arms in front of his chest and glares up at Sherlock.
Sherlock had started to shuffle his feet on the dusty floor. Both were compelled to start speaking, but Sherlock’s voice proved to be more determined.
“Maybe we should make you eat a sandwich to put you back into order. And then you need a shower – and clean clothes.” John is oblivious to Sherlock’s revelations and suddenly giggles like a smitten teenager. He palpates Sherlock’s arms fondly. His eyes are still shining and Sherlock’s gaucheness dissipates. He steps closer and lets his hands rest around John’s elbows, a tad sheepish.
He has always prided himself with a certain reliable detachedness that comes with usually being the observer and never part of the scene, but sitting here in a dirty tunnel with blood all around him and a very accurate idea about the agony the young woman must have lived through before someone has brought her to a violent death, Sherlock finds the narrow walls suffocating him and something in him just cracks.
When they need to breathe again John says “Did you know before we kissed?” It is instantly clear what he means and Sherlock blushes slightly around his cheeks and ears. “Yes,” he says cautiously and swallows before he can elaborate. “But I have just recently thought about it, I am afraid. You— I caught you glancing, repeatedly, and started to wonder.”
Carefully conjuring up Sherlock’s face in his mind he felt his blood surge through his veins to form a warm pool in his belly. The range of his feelings took him from confusion towards anger and impatience… to… what?
He really regretted the mess they had made of everything. But when he closed his eyes his feelings for Sherlock were the most important reason for yearning to learn about everything behind it all.
It is around 10pm when John takes him home. He’d stood by his side in silence, as the rock in the waves when the body was salvaged and brought to the morgue. Unlike others he didn’t offer shallow words of pity or placation. Of things not being Sherlock’s fault or of measures to be undertaken now to get to the culprit and Sherlock is glad he didn’t. They would have offered no release anyway - unsolved riddles never do.
He gracefully lifted a long-fingered hand to make a throwaway gesture, his eyes focused on John, who was quite flabbergasted. For a moment he wondered whether Sherlock was making fun of him while wishing deep inside him that they had had this conversation years ago.
mystery. Glancing up at John, who’d downright refused to enlighten him in terms of said present’s contents, Sherlock wonders if he can make a quick dash downstairs and chalk it up as getting them breakfast.
They had resumed kissing after John had picked his shirt off the floor and had tried to clean them both of the sticky fluids. Sherlock had watched him attentively, his face alight with calm consciousness. John had practically bathed in Sherlock’s attention and they had smiled at each other in easy complacency. John’s stomach still felt a little damp but it couldn’t be helped. He found that he couldn’t possibly make himself leave the bed to go to the bathroom. So he had thrown his shirt back onto the floor and turned onto his side to face Sherlock. For a moment he was unsure of what to do, but he soon found out that Sherlock was actually, and surprisingly, quite the cuddler. He had taken him into his arms and John had started to play with his satin curls again, pulling single strands up between his fingertips and letting them snap back into shape. Sherlock’s low sounds of contentment had filled his chest to the brim and he was feeling so fortunate and at ease like he hadn’t done in years. They had been a little surprised that it had only been half past eight by the time John looked up to check the alarm clock on the bedside table. Then they had talked for hours like they never had before and ordered in when Sherlock’s stomach had started to rumble. His cheeks had flushed with a distinctive red and John had instantly started to laugh and had kissed Sherlock again and again, whispering endearments like a smitten teenager, because he couldn’t contain himself. And Sherlock had smiled widely with every term John had favoured him with.
He only feels John glance at him once. It’s very cursory and missing heat but there is hardly a moment that doesn’t need John’s fullest attention in solving this case. He is full of compassion and grim determination and Sherlock wonders yet again how much more agreeable The Work has become since he’s let John be a part of it. Especially when they interrogate the families again John has his strongest and most valuable moments. He may not be the most observant man but he certainly excelled in certain areas and it baffles Sherlock how it has never ever crossed his mind that, no matter how deeply engrossed in a case he is, there is always space in his mind to accommodate John.
It is really a bit embarrassing, Sherlock muses, as he feels John’s breathing even out and give way into sleep. He has obviously employed the wrong parameters. Has started from the wrong point of expectations. He has turned the conundrum of John’s secret glances over and over in the cerebral gyri of his brain, has chased it in the hallways and rooms of his mind palace. Has looked at it on a moonlit cliff in a lucid dream. Only to get the first notion of its deeper meaning and what to perceive in his chair during a dreadful case and have John solve it entirely in his arms.
“I need you two to come to the Yard to identify him and do some paperwork. How’s the head? Can you come first thing tomorrow?”
“Sherlock…” John's voice is small and Sherlock thinks that maybe kissing in the dark really isn’t enough but it's not like he has references to rely on. He cannot be sure what it is that goes on in John’s mind. Then it occurs to him that maybe— maybe John, who has instigated their first kiss in Sherlock’s chair at the risk of having it thrown back into his face, who has followed him to bed, who has demanded nothing so far, whose presence has formed a quiet place where there is nothing but the two of them – maybe John, despite all his apparent self-confidence, needs it spelled out. Needs
“He’s started to play the violin yesterday morning and has barely stopped for a cup of tea with me.”
To John’s utter surprise, Sherlock put his hand on top of his own, his skin soft and warm. When his eyes travelled back up to John’s face, he tilted his head shyly, his gaze flickering repeatedly to his lips. John found him adorable, but was too shy to act on this impulse.
He deliberately left the sentence unfinished, got back into his car and stopping on the next street corner John saw how he opened the window to throw his seemingly untouched coffee cup into a waste basket.
“I am afraid people do, Sherlock. Not everybody is a genius. But I do agree, it’s nonsense, most of it.”
Sherlock’s insides cramp because the visions hurt and John isn’t his. Likely will never be. It’s hatefully ironic how easily Sherlock is able to picture John promenading, a beautiful faceless female at his side. Long blond, wavy hair with just a hint of red. A cute little nose that wrinkles prettily. Small hands. Smaller than John’s. Soft features and voluptuous curves. Easily adaptable to John’s domestic needs, a flawless and suitable companion to every aspect of life. Everything that Sherlock is not, everything Sherlock cannot offer. Out in the most exiting city on a perfect evening, holding hands. Just like Sherlock has mock-suggested to John earlier in their sitting room.
John’s eyes are deep blue pools of warm water during their cab ride as Sherlock fills him in about the case. He is less nervous now that everything is back to normal and they are about to do a case together, an air of familiar excitement around them. John’s presence has always helped him focus and deal with the problems at hand. There is a bit of a distance between them on the backseat of the cab that Sherlock silently keeps himself from gravitating towards to surmount it and bath in John’s stable warmth but it is only a minor physicality and there is nothing to worry about.
He sighs and his mind palace evaporates. He is back in his bed, soft duvets caressing his nude skin. It is a warm night and he’s shed his shirt and wears only pajama bottoms.
He had felt happy, whole. He should have been happy now as well… only he wasn’t. He was torn between yearning to understand why Sherlock had been cruel enough to let him watch how he jumped to his “death” and feeling relieved that it had just been a fake.
Sherlock’s expression was utterly helpless but he’d never looked more lovable and enticing than in this moment. Both John's chest and trousers were suddenly too tight to bear.
“John, whatever it is you think of me, I am most certainly not a patient man,” Sherlock replies, slowly so he doesn’t stutter or lose his breath halfway through.
It’s obvious that he’s lost his choice in the matter, and so, miserably, he pulls his coat tighter around himself and follows.
“You’re not old...,” he blurted out the first thing that came to his mind and had to gather himself in the next second, his hand over his eyes. He heard her laugh.
- and preen at the fact that John obviously intends to give him a present. Sherlock loves how John can always surprise him but does it really have to be while he’s doing research with pig intestines? Sherlock oscillates a bit and scowls until, five seconds later, he finds the spleen but leaves it where it is, because he’s opened his eyes and therefore the experiment is ruined anyway.
The ground they were lying on suddenly creaked again. John saw Sherlock’s eyes widen, a startled cry on his lips, as the metal on their right gave way. The platform beneath them was tipping into a dark hollow beneath the ground, and material was tearing and breaking. John felt a sudden vertigo as they tumbled backwards into the pit. The last he saw, before he hit his head on a piece of rubbish, were Sherlock’s wide grey-green eyes locked into his, and the red-blue lights associated with police cars. Then pain exploded in his head and he passed out.
"Sherlock, you're acting the high-functioning sociopath again," John said, getting up to retrieve the bottle of rum from the kitchen drawer.
They sit in silence for a few minutes while Sherlock sips his tea. It is so hot it’s scalding but that’s how he likes it. He uses the sleeve of his dressing gown to wipe at a spare drop that’s sliding down the cup and tucks his naked feet under him in the chair. Out of the corner of his eyes he scrutinizes John but the other man is engrossed in the papers and doesn’t pay him much attention.
God, he really hates cases where everything goes wrong and nothing leads to any kind of solution. To save his honour: It doesn’t happen very often. But when it does it absolutely irks him and usually leaves him moody and stroppy for days.
“Tea?” he asks and the moment is instantly broken, time is moving again and John steps into the kitchen to put the kettle on.
John shifts on the couch but refrains to follow his apparent urge to put his feet on the coffee table to get more comfortable and crosses his ankles instead. Sherlock smirks. Smart attire amidst an air of relaxation, that suits John like a second skin. Unfortunately John doesn’t own enough smart dress shirts or even nicely shaped jumpers to placate Sherlock’s taste in fashion. He usually refrains from telling John so after the first time they had that particular discussion and John had been non too pleased when Sherlock had pointed out how some people’s grandfathers dressed younger. The next day John had worn a dark tight shirt under his coat on his way to the surgery but neither had commented it.
Knowing Sherlock as well as he did, he could see antagonistic emotions flying over his face: calculation, joy, panic… and embarrassment. John licked his lips. It seemed like everything had changed again in the past 30 minutes. Lestrade’s and Donovan’s visit had snapped him out of his emotional mood and brought him back to reality. When he looked over to Sherlock, John remembered that he had actually been really angry with him. For multiple reasons. He was getting angry again now. As much as their weird new situation - or whatever it was they were having - made him feel uncertain about himself and his feelings, he had to face the facts now, and not get sidetracked.
John swallows audibly. “It must be someone romantic, at least at heart, and who knows you well enough to not mind that you aren’t.”
He reached out his hand and opened the door but when he wearily pushed his legs out onto the pavement he heard Mycroft’s door open as well. He turned around and the other man was looking at him with a mocking smile on his face.
He is so wrapped up in his own thoughts that he only notices John when the man steps in front of him with a cup of tea in his hands.
He grabs his phone, careful so he won’t fling it to the floor in his state to join the biro and texts back:
John looked at the little white roll on his tray, and the bleary glass bowl with brownish pudding, and took the cup of coffee. He made a face at the taste of the lukewarm concoction, and decided to try something else instead. He reached out his hand and his gaze flickered to Sherlock… who was watching him intently. John’s hand started to shake, and he gripped the edge of the bedside table.
John steals another glance at him again on Wednesday afternoon in the tube and this time Sherlock very nearly misses it altogether at first because he’s scowling at his own reflection in the windows of the doors in a rather packed compartment. God, he hates taking the tube but there is a football game at the stadium and it has proved to be impossible to get a free cap in the closer surrounding. It’s not that he hasn’t tried.
“Can’t you deduce it from- I don’t know- the way I wear my hair or the lint I pick from my clothes?”
wooed him in a way, but it wasn’t exactly what people would call protocol. First offering a present, shedding light on their intentions before taking the other one out on a perfect date and then into bed. Sherlock really likes the fact that it wasn’t protocol.
John turned his head around to Sherlock inside the revolving door when they entered the restaurant and saw his face set into stressed lines. But when grey-green-blue eyes met dark blue for the briefest moment, John believed he saw an appraising flicker across Sherlock’s face, calculating. John felt his temperature rise but the moment was gone before he could delve further into it. He stepped into the foyer where a waiter greeted them and showed them to a room in the back of the building where Lestrade was waiting for them at the door.
“As much as I’d prefer to stay in bed with you, Scotland Yard is still on the agenda. I didn’t dream that, did I?”
When he couldn’t put it off any longer John opened the door to Sherlock’s bedroom. He had been into this room only a couple of times before. It had always, somehow, seemed to him that at least he was to take responsibility and respect social issues like private space. John felt unsure of himself when he started to pull out drawers and open cabin doors. He had to fight the urge to stroke his fingers over Sherlock’s button down shirts when he opened his clothes cabinet. He knew all of these shirts and not just because he was usually the one taking them to the laundry shop.
He took another phone out of his jacket and passed it over for Sherlock to take. It was obviously his. Sherlock hissed, but Mycroft didn’t let that disturb him much.
His hands found their way under Sherlock’s shirt and he popped the two lowest buttons. His fingers slit beneath the starched fabric and over the panes of his stomach that trembled under his touch. Sherlock shuddered deliciously when John’s fingers pinched one delicate nipple and a soft groan escaped him. If Sherlock really meant what he said, John wouldn’t hesitate any longer.
“You look horrible, Sherlock. Why haven’t you been home to change your clothes? It must have been quite a run-in with these drug dealers of yours.”
“You’re not,” Sherlock whispers and is very glad that it’s night around them. “You’re… you,” he stutters awkwardly, ridiculously, because his brain cannot come up with a more sophisticated answer. Moreover, Sherlock is downright mortified when said brain supplies an even more ridiculous statement. “You want me, too.”
He’s never really listened to it before, at least consciously. He’s found the CD jammed in the jacket pocket of a drowned child, a boy approximately 7 years of age, fair, curly hair, underfed, that had been found floating on the Thames earlier that day. He really, really dislikes cases with children and has been reluctant to offer his assistance but when the only immediately obtainable clue to confirming the identity of the child proved to be said CD, he’d been intrigued despite himself.
The silence after the door thuds closed behind the DI feels oppressive. Grabbing his coat, Sherlock turns to the counter to stiffly gather the box, velvet inlay, and cardstock. Molly has taken the flower earlier to define the toxins and Sherlock sees no reason to retrieve it now. The need to get away from this place is burning hot in his chest and his head is practically spinning. He feels like he’s been punched in the stomach and it is only now that he realizes the feeling in his guts for what it truly is: fear, dense, liquid and stifling. There is also anger, yes, a lot actually, but now that it’s gone quiet around him again, the fear is rapidly rising and wining out. He stores the remains of his anonymous present in his pockets, not minding at all whether he breaks or crumbles them, because, clearly, he is done here. And just wants to be gone.
Sherlock fidgets, tugging his hands into his pockets only to brush the respective parts of his anonymous present and tears them out again, as if burned. He adjusts his scarf but it’s all to no avail. The tension between them is palpable in the way John’s glancing at him has increased in the last minutes, has intensified in its focus and Sherlock is close to panicking again.
Sherlock is tapping away on his laptop when, out of the corner of his eyes, he sees John turn slightly and glance at him. The way he holds himself suggests that it is not for the sake of checking if Sherlock is still there, or seeing what he’s doing. It is fairly obvious that John looks at him in secret and the way he does it makes Sherlock feel somehow like he’s spying on John, just because he notices accidently, catching him doing something he may not want to share. If Sherlock hadn’t paused in fabricating a sentence and looked up from his laptop, he would have missed it altogether.
Their eyes met. Sherlock’s eyes were a green sea, his face pale in the darkness. Their hands brushed when Sherlock walked past him, sending John’s skin tingling again. Somehow, the touch of Sherlock’s skin was the one thing that felt the most real in their situation. John’s throat felt very parched all of a sudden.
John’s brain somehow felt unattached from his body and his anger evaporated. In stressful and threatening situations, he tended to go astonishingly focused - one of the advantages of a military schooling.
John automatically put two cups on the counter before he realized Sherlock would not be in need of one at the moment. He was still staring down at the two cups when he heard a tap on the door and Mrs. Hudson entered the room with a tray in her hands.
To his surprise and irritation John huffs a breathy laugh next to him. “It’s Valentine’s Day, Sherlock. Maybe you have a secret admirer.” John voice doesn’t sound half as funny and benevolent as his words might suggest, so Sherlock chooses to ignore the remark as such and instead focuses on John’s face. Really, this day is getting better and better. First the intestines, then the announcement of a present from John, now this enticing conundrum and on top of that John appears to be deliciously… “Jealous?” Sherlock smirks because the thought is hilarious. In what universe could John have any reason at all to be jealous when it’s
“What is it you don’t do? What scares you so? Look, it’s me you’re talking to, not some twat from off the streets. Me!”
“You are perfectly aware that I do not exactly fit into your romantic profile?” The words sound terribly matter-of-factly but Sherlock manages throughout the sentence to let his voice rise half an octave so he can brush it off as a question.
Count on Lestrade to be completely oblivious. John clenched his fist around his glass of champagne and hoped the ever omni-observing detective hadn’t been eavesdropping.
“I just— You didn’t exactly ever give me any clues.” He puffs out breath. “Glad we established that.”
“The food was heavenly,” John states with a relaxed smile and Sherlock, from the bottom of his heart, can only agree. He turns and makes for leaving when John stops him.
“I don’t want to sleep,” Sherlock insists and grips the armrests of his chair with both hands. His whole body goes taut. John is lingering very close to him and suddenly, illogically, Sherlock resents it all - resents sentiments, resents this murder case and how it has triggered him into emotional attachment and unease, resents himself and the way he’s fantasized about the potentialities he has discovered about John. Resents how his transport is practically out of control and vibrates with longing where it’s supposed to use all its capabilities for the prevailing case. His fingers turn white around the nails where he digs them into the fabric of his chair.
"Yes. Sherlock, did you listen?" John was rolling his eyes. It had become a certain routine between them these past few weeks, John telling him he'd go out on a date and Sherlock intentionally ignoring it.
and that leg, after having perched on the hard stool for three hours straight, has gone a bit numb. In his guts, the desperate buzz throbs noticeably.
Then he’d met John. And fell for him, twice. It’s been a different aftermath to the last time he’d fallen for someone because for John he’d accepted it all, had acted willingly, at least on the second fall. But while John merely got caught in the events for being close to Sherlock in the first place and is undeniably worth all the hardship, the same cannot be said for Victor.
“I missed you. So much. I was-- confused but didn’t want to regret letting another opportunity slip. Especially when it could—when it could have been the last I got. But when you were in that hospital bed after, to my own great surprise, I didn’t get us killed, I realized I should have kissed you because--“
Which is just intolerable. No matter the delicacy, John and his sentiments, or lack thereof, shouldn’t be allowed to frighten him so much. To render him helpless, a delicate flower in a strong gust of wind. Anger curdles his stomach because he simply cannot give all his control away and let someone else be in charge. He’s spent years suppressing the darkness that entails a threat to his emotional equilibrium and he isn’t Sherlock Holmes, the great detective that sees everything and can entertain deductions with even the tiniest scrap of data, for nothing. He may not be able to circumvent confirming their status quo and find out if it all goes to hell once he declares himself, but he can certainly make sure John declares first. Or at least gives him enough information to conclude if it’s all worth the effort, the pain in his chest and the yearning buzz in his guts, and where exactly he stands. If Sherlock can coax John into revealing enough, then maybe he’ll be able to protect what’s his. Even if what’s his is just a scrap of pitted dignity.
we won’t have time to do that any time soon but I didn’t want to just dash off,” John purrs and caresses a hand over the soft parts of Sherlock’s face between his cheek and jaw.
Sherlock lets his gaze meander around their flat and ends up looking at his own reflection in the window. It is dark outside and the curtains are open, he can see the whole room and once he shifts a little to the right he can also see John… glancing at him. It is very short, barely a whole moment but it catches Sherlock completely off guard in a way that makes him flinch and spill an unhealthy amount of very hot tea into his lap.
Sherlock is out of his depth but John simply  turns, lifts a hand and puts it on his cheek, thumb caressing the soft parts around his cheekbones and Sherlock feels like a wounded rabbit that needs to be soothed - a fact that he‘d hate under different circumstances but if it gets John to provide answers...
Sherlock looks closer still. In the island of light from their standard lamp John doesn’t look overly muscled but relaxed and calm but the shadows around him conceal a lot. He must have been properly toned once, though, back in his army days, doing sports chores amidst hours of medical training and ministration, keeping both his mind and body in good shape. The contrast is interesting, Sherlock concedes. The contradiction. Soldier and doctor, killer and healer. For Sherlock John had already been both.
Sherlock looked like he was giving a speech, his eyes were flashing as they always were when he was completely convinced by what he was saying.
Being engrossed in the task the way he is, Sherlock doesn’t immediately notice John step away. Now that the immediate danger has past and it’s not explosives, John apparently deems it safe enough to start following his coming-home-after-a-shift-at-the-clinic-routine. Which starts with a cup of tea. For each of them if John can help it and Sherlock is at home and amenable. What he doesn’t know is that Sherlock would basically be amenable to mostly anything John suggests, but these days he bristles at being too conspicuous about it. He can ignore or make use of other people’s goldfish-tendencies but his own are tedious and intolerable.
“I don’t know anyone who fits that description.” Which is not true, Sherlock has to amend, because such an ‘anyone’ is currently leaning at the doorframe only a few inches from him, gazing at him in what Sherlock thinks is barely contained anger and a tad uncertainty. But John has already denied having instigated that particular present, his body language only emphasizing that denial. Which is too bad, frankly.
In the end it turns out to be quite a good dinner. The starters and wine are delicious and John pretends to not notice Sherlock stealing more than his fair share of steamed rolls and backed prawn. He even orders a second helping of both dishes and doesn’t bat an eye when Sherlock eats them all, licking sauce from his fingers afterwards. In fact, John tries to hide a fond smile in his wine glass and ostensibly looks the other way. Both conspiratorially fail to address these circumstances and the atmosphere around them noticeably mellows. Sherlock feels placated as they, tentatively, discuss a second bottle of wine while John visibly relaxes and, may it be by design or mistake, bumps his knee repeatedly to Sherlock’s under the table. However, when the waitress approaches them again, John is only half as attentive as before and they only order coffee and a small helping of steamed banana with coconut flakes and honey, which Sherlock tremendously enjoys.
cancel on John if he ever invited him out on a Valentine’s date. It is just too stupid to even consider.
Sherlock really hasn’t got the foggiest idea what had just happened when he moves to switch off the stereo. John puts up an awkward show in the kitchen to prolong the process of making tea and Sherlock gets the notion that he is decidedly rummaging through their cupboard so not to have to look at Sherlock. But when Sherlock tumbles back into his chair, nonplussed and busying his hands with the soaked booklet for something to do, he suddenly feels the skin at his neck tingle again. It is really intense this time and as the evening goes on Sherlock discovers that, though he didn’t plan it at all, he has triggered John into using every available moment Sherlock looks elsewhere to glance at him.
It’s somewhat ridiculous, though, to think about the press of skin on skin (multi-receptory as it might be, but that's just background knowledge, is it?) in terms of light and sound and festivity. He’s kissed before, done this before for the sake of both science and inventive curiosity. But it has never been like this. Never been like it is with John’s strong pulse against his lips and tongue, matching his own heart rate. Suddenly there is a moan hiding in the back of Sherlock's throat and for a moment he is afraid to exhale and let it slip out. John‘s tongue touches his in steady thrusts, swirls against his bottom lip and tastes of milk and honey, tea, of cucumber— intertwined with laid-back Sundays. With adventures and contradiction, all entangled with the smell of the air before a storm. All tart and crisp and male and strong. It’s the loveliest flavor.
Soon John is draped sideways in his lap – smudged torso, dingy hair and damp jeans and all, legs lolling over one armrest - and Sherlock clumsily grips the shirt fabric at his waists because he doesn’t know what else to do with his hands. Lips seal themselves in a chaste yet deeply confounding kiss that, even though it is more of a simple press of skin on skin, instantly requires a proper reassessment of everything Sherlock has ever thought about carnal and emotional exchange before.
“Are you okay, Sherlock?” he inquired, finding it odd how Sherlock didn’t move away from the window. But the other man nodded twice, his eyes a wide pool of greyish green.
They are at a crime scene on Tuesday around noon when John glances at him again. There is a body on the floor amidst a puddle of half dried blood in a house a few streets from St. Mary’s Hospital. A man had died mere hours ago in his study with all the doors and windows locked from the inside while his wife had been downstairs in the parlour watching TV. Sherlock loves it though he’s trying not to let his excitement show too much. Not that he’s afraid of compromising the situation, of showing too little compassion - he doesn’t care about compassion or slipslop but John has repeatedly reminded him how inappropriate it is to show too much enthusiasm over murder.
can certainly make you act nice with your landlady, young man,” Mrs. Hudson tuts, her eye brows the epitome of fond disapproval and Sherlock is close to getting into a strop.
The potential meaning behind Sherlock’s words sank in a moment later and John’s eyebrows shot upwards.
“Biology”, Sherlock states but after a second moves back to his food. John looks affronted and vanishes behind his paper again.
“I do,” John says, abruptly, and all Sherlock can do to save face is shove away his musings, shape up and roll his eyes dramatically. “Yes, but we all know you enjoy a challenge and you’re hardly normal in any definition yourself.”
When he gets home Mrs. Hudson is in the hallway, arms indecently full of spring flowers and a giant smile on her face. Sherlock’s mood instantly tumbles towards bottom line. “Will you look at that, Sherlock,” she coos and practically sticks the flowers in his face. “Mr. Chatterjee is just so wonderful, such a gentleman-“
John found himself staring at Mycroft, he hadn’t even noticed how the car had pulled over onto the pavement in front of 221B Baker Street. He remained seated and looked Mycroft into the eyes.
John has called him “love” before they’ve fallen asleep as if it was the simplest thing in the world - has touched and held him like Sherlock is
“It just sort of came up,” John answers, oblivious to Sherlock’s inner turmoil. “Though he came up with most of the details himself,” he says, his smile a bit wry. “He asked me if I had plans, I confirmed and told him I’d made up my mind about someone. He asked me whether she’s beautiful and I didn’t see any reason to correct every detail of his assumptions.”
There is a notion of an idea tucked into the cerebral gyri of his brain a moment later as he regards his crotch with a mixture of mental detachment, fascination and pique.
John chuckled, trying to mask his sudden interest with friendly concern, leaned towards Sherlock and put his elbows on his own knees.
Sherlock feels his cheeks inflame but thankfully it is still too dark for John to see. He nods shallowly.
John nodded and lifted his hand to stroke over Sherlock shoulder down onto his back and arse. He’d gotten his proper look at Sherlock’s glorious backside last night and the memory made him smile. He’d for sure be smiling a lot today.
It was different somehow that time in the kitchen, at the crime scene and three days ago in the tube. Different from each single glance and also from John’s usual behavior and attitude.
John’s eyes are dark pools of ocean water and Sherlock gets the notion that, if John thinks he’s a coward, then that makes two of them.
They meander a bit aimlessly after leaving the direct path back to Baker Street. It has seemed to Sherlock that, for once, he was following John but John could as well have been following him. Sherlock doesn’t really question it and it actually doesn’t really matter in the great scheme of things. After his lapse in the restaurant the air around them feels tight again despite the park’s spaciousness. They don’t really talk, they only make the occasional remark about what they see on their path, about the food and whether John has a shift at the clinic the next day. They carefully omit everything that revolves around either Sherlock’s anonymous Valentine’s present, John’s shattered dating plans or the dating prospects of their friends and associates. Once in a while Sherlock glances at John and feels John glance back in return when Sherlock isn’t looking and the air around them turns more and more static. Sherlock wonders when it will burst. It’s obvious John wants to say something - Sherlock has seen it in his eyes after they’ve left the restaurant and ventured into the park. The look has never left really left John’s eyes. The question is only, what exactly it is John wishes to say and Sherlock finds himself whole-heartedly dreading the moment John will finally say it.
“Dr. Watson,” Mycroft said and gave him his diplomat smile that could mean everything and hide even more. His eyes, though, seemed a little wistful.
He chuckled, feeling weirdly tense now that he had shed his doctor mode again. Handling Sherlock when he needed to be patched up or fussed over, being close to him, touching him was one thing. But now that he couldn’t hide behind that excuse anymore he didn’t know what to do with himself. He felt bad and just so tired of it all. Looking down at Sherlock he felt his eyes sting.
John bumped hard into Sherlock in the darkness, feeling him sway. For a moment, Sherlock had both his hands at John’s elbow and chest, his breath in his hair. As he pulled away, John heard something crash to the floor and Sherlock cursed under his breath. A neon light suddenly flickered into being, drenching them in a cold white-blue light.
Sherlock doesn’t break away and John tilts his chin, before his ocean blue eyes flutter close and his lips meet Sherlock’s.
“Selling drugs to faulted misfits like me, and killing children because your chemist put too much detergent into your products, are two very different things,” John heard him say as he gripped the table harder with anger. Everything was going in slow motion again. He saw the man in his peripheral vision lean against the wall next to the door, which stood slightly ajar. Forcing himself to block out the noise Sherlock’s feet made on the dusty floor, he strained himself to hear other sounds from outside the room they had been locked into, but couldn’t. Perhaps the other two dealers were already done packing their lab equipment. It occurred to John that he and Sherlock had disturbed them at it, and that they knew what they looked like.
He knows he’s a late bloomer and has never really expected anything from interpersonal relationships. His past ventures into that particular territory have let him to believe he’d be totally alright without. But as he closes his eyes to listen to his own heart where it beats steadily beneath their combined hands, it comes to him that his university experiments may have set just the wrong example. They may have broken and ruined more than the scientific categorizing and research had been worth.
especially without proper shoes, but he pirouettes again just for the sheer joy of it. He’d be quite a good dancer had he only proceeded taking classes but once word had got out he’d seen some serious bullying that has kept him back. He regrets it now, 23 years later in 221B’s music filled sitting room. Regrets how he’s let self-consciousness and cowardice keep him from something he’s really wanted when all of a sudden firm hands grab around his waist and at his chest and force him to stop twirling abruptly.
They have agreed to go out to dinner and will leave as soon as Lestrade is back from questioning the suspects of their prevailing case.
As if on clue Sherlock’s phone chimes again. Annoyed, he fumbles around the insides of his suit jacket and gets it out. The screen is still lit with the last incoming message and Sherlock, giving it the barest of glances to just confirm the texter’s ID, huffs indignantly because Lestrade is right.
“You shouldn’t. My agents are checking on you every once in awhile, Sherlock. And just to make things clear, it was one of my men who called Scotland Yard.”
Sherlock has believed a shift in their relationship to be of a totally different design. He’s always assumed John would leave 221B and him at some point to get married and have a family. Like any normal human would do. His dating habits surely lead to that conclusion. Sherlock silently thanks god or whatever deity above he doesn’t actually believe in that he is not normal. Being normal would only be dull and undesirable and of course interfere with The Work. His own priorities are different but that’s the way he likes it, where he feels save and confident. Where he gets his input from. He knows he’d never go and change that.
With these words he practically bounced out the door and John had to hurry to gulp down his tea for he felt he needed the extra amount of rum now more than ever.
Facing the inevitable, John slumped against the wall, his lip throbbing. There was nothing they could do now but wait. He felt Sherlock watching him from where he stood and decided that it couldn’t be helped. They were cold, he was bleeding, his head ached, and there was no possibility of forcing their way out of the room right now. Slowly he heaved himself off of the wall, walked over to where Sherlock was leaning against the table, and sat next to him. All of his energy had evaporated, the adrenaline high had subsided, and he suddenly noticed how worn, tired, and frozen he was.
Sherlock is torn between the urge to frown spectacularly at the wink John has texted him - really, a wink,
John really couldn’t say afterwards how it happened, but Sherlock was quite calm when he came out of the bathroom and took the chair next to John’s bed again. His face was clean now, and John had to admire Mycroft’s taste in fashion. The purple shirt suited Sherlock’s dark curls and fit him just perfectly. He noticed he was staring.
It is a rainy Thursday afternoon close to sunset and John is still at the clinic when Sherlock drops into his armchair. He pushes his wet curls out of his face before steepling his fingers under his chin. The solution of his current case sits just frustratingly out of arm’s reach but he is unable to grasp it. He knows he’s overlooking a specific detail but it all just doesn’t make sense. It’s maddening and he flashes out of his chair again to pace the room. He cannot consult with John, it might be another two hours before John comes home and until he does Sherlock is left alone with a problem he has next to no knowledge about and has never encountered before:
Now that he is hurrying through the hallways towards the right door, it comes to him that John’s room is comfortably located on the first landing. It used to be basically a lumber-room right next to the one where he keeps his knowledge about tobacco ash. But when he opens the wide double wing door now he has to admit that, over the time he’s spent with John, the room has turned into a spacious apartment. It contains everything he’s ever connected to or thought of John.
“And where are you going now? And why only two hours?” Lestrade wants to know, exasperatedly flicking his hands in the air.
“Who gave you the package?” Sherlock inquires, if only to distract John temporarily from checking his phone again and looking so put out and miserable. Which isn’t at all what he wants. Sherlock still hasn’t done anything but John doesn’t smile anymore. He prefers John smiling, eyes scintillating and alight with happiness.
John truly is breathless in his scintillating enthusiasm. Sherlock grins again, turns and briefly feigns mental abstraction the way he’s already done before to give John enough room to feel unobserved. He finds he’s wishing for the dark green jumper to come into appearance again while anticipation and a hint of trepidation form a lump in his belly. He clumsily watches John busy himself with his luggage and get the desired clothes out before making for the loo. Disappointment is already dropping low in his chest when, at the hallway, John stalls, turns – and there it is again.
“It’s for a case?” Sherlock responds and is properly aware that he’s answering only the first part of John’s question but he just cannot seem to function. His head is buzzing with the sudden and unexpected intimacy and something awfully close to shyness settles in his throat and forms a lump there. John releases him after a long moment - somewhat reluctantly it seems - and steps back, still smiling. They are standing closer than is absolutely necessary and Sherlock’s mouth feels parched all of a sudden.
“Don’t think I don’t see it because I am an old lady.” She gave him a troubled look and John was taken aback, his brain felt numb.
“Well, if you insist…” Sherlock says around biting and licking at John’s thumb, pursing his lips while his tongue presses against calloused skin and he is thrilled to note John’s cock jumping at his ministrations.
They had migrated towards each other on their respective chairs during their verbal exchange and John found himself transfixed by Sherlock’s pool of wide grey-green eyes. The other man was looking quite intently at him and John saw the corners of his mouth crook into a lopsided smile.
digitalis flower, genius,” he amends with an eye roll, the emphasis on the number. “But who’s giving you one flower? Especially today? Men don’t get flowers on Valentine’s Day. It’s not even a rose.” He sounds puzzled and Sherlock, despite being set a riddle to solve, wants to tuck him deeper into his pocket because John has hit the nail on the head.
John lets his hands stroke over Sherlock’s sides and clears his throat. “I want to keep doing this, Sherlock.” He pauses. “I— want you, everything with you. Let me—” They lock eyes and the skin at Sherlock’s neck prickles wonderfully. “Yes,” he agrees, talking over John in his rush to acquiesce and feels his legs go a bit wobbly. John holds him tight. “Yes,” he repeats, chest heaving breathlessly, and thinks how he might like this kind of repetition in the future, when it proves to be so very non-boring and makes John press his warm cheek to his.
Sherlock has made an experiment out of his observations concerning John and feels slightly put out with him now for refraining to distribute the appropriate data. Is it a game? Coincidence? What does it mean? Does it mean anything at all? But nothing Sherlock can come up with makes sense or fits all the information he’s acquired.
“But the physician didn’t have to stitch up the wound, so they just bandaged it. You should be fine again by tomorrow.”
“Soo…” John says. He is drawling the word and fixes his gaze to Sherlock’s jaw where his fingers stumble over the faint relief of his two day-stubble. It feels nice. John's voice is a staccato in the background of his mind but Sherlock finds that, at the moment, he is far more enchanted by John's warm skin on his face and the fact that he hasn’t moved out of his lap yet and how his bum presses down on him. He wonders when John will regard it as too much and leave.
Now, though, Sherlock feels that isn’t enough anymore; that they are on the brink of something entirely different, something that will change the way they are around each other for ever. Something that will either make or break them. Probably the latter. Maybe it’s just in his head but everything that has happened today has made him aware of the fact that he cannot follow the path they have obviously set for themselves any longer. There is too much tension, too much frustration, yearning… too much unclarified. He cannot fathom what it is John wants to convey, he’s lacking viable data, so the only thing he can indulge in is guessing.
It’s no explosives that’s hidden in a patch of silk. Instead there is a small creamy envelope of finest stationery, sealed by wax… and a single light purple foxglove.
Sherlock’s cold fingers touched John’s lower lip and John’s body reacted instantly by automatically gripping Sherlock’s wrist, holding it into place. Sherlock continued to stare into John’s eyes, his hand slowly cupping his face. He was so close it would have taken no afford at all to-
“No, stop,” Sherlock panted, sitting up. It seemed to take all his strength to keep from falling back onto the mattress and just let John ravish him until it was too late to share.
He opens a new room in John’s apartment of his mind palace and starts filing everything inside. The room rapidly fills and gets crowded and Sherlock is already tripping over furniture because there is just so much to collect for further examination. The feeling of being thoroughly swept away doesn’t dissipate since it is fairly obvious that this is John’s kiss. He’s doing it and all Sherlock can do is keep up and follow his lead. It’s surprisingly un-messy and not as annoying as he remembers, which is a considerably pleasant development. His body goes ahead and betrays him when John gives an affirmative hum and Sherlock lifts his arms to hold him tighter, to pull him closer. John is on top and has all the possibilities to dictate movements and Sherlock is lacking both leverage and space to push up and take control. But since John is exceptionally good in what he does Sherlock doesn’t try. John, sensing that what he’s doing is indeed wanted and appreciated, leans further into him, changes the angle and their noses bump clumsily. John smiles into the kiss and Sherlock tries to steal that smile that he will undoubtedly find a prominent spot for in this new room on John’s premises of his mind palace to sneak to whenever he sees fit and worship with abandonment.
It doesn’t matter how futile his current situation with John might be, it’s preferable to what Irene would have done to him and his fragile heart. Only entertaining the mere
John’s heart was crashing in his chest and for a second he was afraid he’d snapped Sherlock out of it. But Sherlock let his hands rest on John’s hips, one of his thumbs gently stroking the bit of skin where his shirt had come loose.
“Then go home, Sherlock, or wherever you want to go. Just leave. You’re an expert at leaving without a word.”
“Sherlock, on our second day all this time ago I shot a man just to have you save because I was deeply convinced my trust in you was justified. It is enough for me-- believe me, it is…”
The words are uttered in an urgent whisper, full of force. They make Sherlock lock onto grey eyes again.
Nor would they have changed the fact that he feels equally spent and restless - and really, ineffably sad and overwhelmed for reasons he fails to understand. He usually finds it easy to go without sleep or food for a few days and still stay on high alert but in the cab on their way home to 221B he’s fidgety with both a longing he has never known before and plain exhaustion. John looks tired too even though he’s had a kip 23 hours ago while Sherlock was browsing police archives.
As he reaches the end of the corridor, the footfalls behind him a steady presence but keeping their distance, the door to the lab is thrown open again. “What about your mice, Sherlock?” Molly’s squeaky voice rings through the corridor. “I wanted to talk with you about them.” She pauses, breathless. “I gave them names.”
He could hear Sherlock exhale, his breath forming little white puffs in the unmoving air between them. Their thighs touched, but John was in control again.
Disappointment floods his mind along with unbidden pictures. They may have been together when her beloved was murdered. Maybe someone had made her watch, all the blood, wheezing breath that goes slower and slower until it, at last, stops… Sherlock usually isn’t one for compromised guesses and muddling through possibilities the acquired data doesn’t fit to, so this display, along with this tight feeling of compression behind his sternum, naturally, makes his current inability to stay aloof and detached come as a blow.
Despite the fact that Sherlock had told him he didn’t do emotion, his eyes spoke a different language. They were pools of grey-green, glimmering in the soft orange light from the sofa lamp, and the way they fluttered shut when John pushed his hips down onto Sherlock’s, a low groan escaping his lips, made John’s head feel dizzy with want and desire. He didn’t care about all the bad things anymore, the anger, the arguments that had happened between them in the past weeks since Sherlock had come back. He just felt blissfully glad that he was here, that Sherlock was here, enjoying his company in a way John had never thought were part of any agenda at all.
, parameters have to be adjusted but every time Sherlock has conducted an experiment and found himself in the heat of it - propped up against another body in a similar context that leaves little room for imagination - he’d been out of his pants by now. It’s how these things go. So... Can it be that John doesn't want him
On sharp contrast, John devotes himself to the task of snogging Sherlock senseless, just for the sake of snogging him senseless; with utter enthusiasm. He’s kissing him like he tastes a rare delicacy, fully, with detail and reverence for the outstanding. One capable hand has come down from Sherlock’s shoulder to rest at the crest of his hips, while the other still holds his right hand in a loose grasp. Presently, John shifts those hands to his own neck and Sherlock is pleased to notice his scarf has come askew, enabling him to touch warm curves of strong neck and caress one earlobe with just the tips of his fingers. Underneath, John’s pulse is fast and throbbing.
“Well, they must feel that way towards you to send a present which is both traditional for Valentine’s Day and a riddle to keep you occupied.” He hums. “Only you could find foxglove a fascinating flower. They must truly like you.” He hesitates. “Maybe it’s the Woman, she certainly knows what people like and you like a good puzzle and she’s fanc-”
John’s voice is hoarse and soothing, thick with sentiment and no small portion of arousal when he speaks. His words are unexpected, though and Sherlock wonders if the sudden anxiety he feels plays out on his face and if that’s what makes John choose his words. “You need to go back to sleep, Sherlock. It’s still nighttime.” John exhales with great care and it feels like there might be more to say that he’s choosing not to now before he briefly shuts his eyes to restrain himself and propels them onto their sides, facing each other.
“You are priceless, Sherlock,” he managed to say before Sherlock rolled his eyes and picked up his pillow to dump it unceremoniously onto John’s head.
John looks at him intently and Sherlock snaps back into focus. “I won’t,” he hears John declare. “I am perfectly content, Sherlock.” Lifting the other hand to Sherlock’s face as well and cradling his jaw, he smiles. “Any other questions?”
John looks him over from where he is still standing facing the counter. “Well, not the normal profile, no. You don’t fit into that.” he says, thinks and then elaborates “You are a profile of your own.”
- John texts around 4pm when all Sherlock wants to do is dig into pig intestines in the morgue and not soil his phone with blood and gore. He is elbow deep into said pig carcass looking for the spleen with his eyes closed. You never know when that kind of knowledge and dexterity might come in handy.
He growls in exasperation, the buzz in his guts turned to acid, like milk that’s gone sour. So it is true and John really had planned a date for tonight. Which is just
Maybe Sherlock didn’t know what to do, either. Maybe it was true what Mycroft had implied once, that Sherlock was a complete stranger to any kind of intimate contact.
How can it be that this information, this vital data about John has completely slipped his notice? It is true that body language isn’t his strong suit so far as sentiments are concerned. John has written in that monstrous blog of his how blatantly ignorant he sometimes believes him. Sherlock is crestfallen because it’s obviously true.
Sherlock was out of breath by the time he finished, and John knew he was right. They were both tired and worn out from this chase. John was all but certain that their pursuers were very familiar with their surroundings, thus effectively keeping them from leaving the storehouse area. They locked eyes, their hiding spot well-lit enough so that John could see Sherlock’s flushed face. The floor beneath them creaked when he slumped against the brick wall behind them and slid to the ground. They had to rest, even if it was only for a short time. Their hiding place seemed to be safe enough for now. John could imagine only too well what would happen to them if they were found and he was prepared to do everything in his powers to not let it get that far.
He still doesn’t know what it means but he’s certain now he can trigger John into doing it again at any time convenient for further examinations.
John was on his feet the next moment and the sudden distance brought up between them kept him from grabbing Sherlock and pommelling him.
“Are you staying in tonight? We could order Thai or curry,” he asks as John shifts to reach an own mug of tea that’s been left to cool beside him. He must have fixed a mug for himself and then, afterwards, another one for Sherlock.
When their laughing subsided, both kept silent for a minute, while John pondered exactly what Sherlock’s last comment had meant. He had asked him where he’d been during the two years that John had believed him to be dead, but Sherlock had stubbornly refused to answer. John’s heart ached again when he thought about how lost he had been. He was wondering now whether Sherlock had been lost himself.
John didn’t get the chance at a reproach because he suddenly saw a movement from the corner of his eyes at the window which they had climbed out of a few minutes ago. A man appeared at the crossbar.
Despite himself laughter bubbles out of Sherlock and John leans forward to kiss it off his lips. “Don’t get me wrong, Sherlock,” he says, giggling and still gloriously breathless, “I didn’t correct the gender part but very much emphasized that my chosen date was indeed beautiful.” John looks at him and his eyes grow serious. “I also emphasized how brilliant and breathtaking my date was, utterly unique and I had never in my life met anyone like them. ” He huffs an incredulous laugh, shaking his head but not breaking their eye contact. “That he didn’t realize it was
John only tips his head sideways and looks at him. “This isn’t how it works, Sherlock. You don’t need one. Just... just let me be with you.”
him... everywhere. To loose himself within John and just find out how far that sweet warmth between their skin can take them…
“Don’t move if you know what’s good for you,” he said, motioning for them to stay put, while taking them in with a sardonic smile.
Sherlock fumes internally and rakes both hands through his hair, because who in his right mind has the gall to
He jumps out of his chair, spills more tea, curses again and out of the corner of his eyes he sees John smile fondly and roll his eyes.
Sherlock was still standing directly in front of him, grey-green eyes staring at him. John couldn’t deny that his heart went wild, his cheeks burned. Or, would have burned, if it hadn’t been so dreadfully cold. Nevertheless, he had to turn around and hide his face and the thoughts that he was sure were written all over it. His heart ached.
“Okay, I grant you that joke on my expanse, John. If I am not very much mistaken you showed me last night. Twice.”
but then refrained from following through because he didn’t want to come across as needy or weird. His dreams were very confusing that night - bright swirls of smoke intermixing and everything was embedded with the smell of cucumber and
“He’s changed, you know. And you’ve changed as well,” she said and it sounded a lot like she was just stating the obvious.
John nods again, conceding the point. “Yes, I guess you could say that,” he agrees, “but, frankly, I was actually hoping for something else tonight.”
“I won’t change my mind” John whisperes, repeating his words from only half an hour earlier and Sherlock, totally illogically, thinks how much he hates repetition but maybe emotional conversations, not that he’s ever had them before, require a certain amount of homonymic sentences. It’s an experiment he’s never conducted.
in one sentence. Then their legs under the table and now the bloody heart-shaped Valentine’s chocolate that just acts as the last straw. Sherlock’s been so bloody obvious about everything. Moreover, he might just have disrupted the carefully restored atmosphere around them, because he’s a pathetic, lovesick fool and obviously not immune to goldfish tendencies, to something as pedestrian and illogical as sentiments.
myself.” He points accusingly at Sherlock, and his voice rises in indignation. “While you’re just hanging around Bart’s being an utter prick and harassing poor Molly. Who, I’ll have you know, also has a date tonight.”
Instead, he vows to take John out whenever the notion strikes, kiss him whenever he likes and take him to bed to either sleep or not sleep every night. To wake up again to John’s warm and wonderful body, that, in this very moment, is pressed up against his to have him as close as possible.
“Well, since we are being frank about it anyway, you didn’t rule out love as a leading factor, Sherlock. It sounds like you by any chance haven’t ruled out the possibility of getting involved yourself… at some point in your life.”
“But I think we can agree that my brother is headstrong and intransigent but you’re the one he trusts. If it doesn’t greatly interfere with your plans, do you think you could consider… watching him a bit longer?”
Sherlock’s ears go very pink as John presses all of his body unabashedly to his for a moment. Both his hands cup around Sherlock’s arse, thus making Sherlock’s skin tingle and break out into sweating.
But when their potential meaning sank in, his whole world shifted irrevocably. He’d felt the first stirrings in the hospital on that bright sunday morning. His heart thudded painfully.
John turned around and gripped the edge of the table, his fingers turning into claws. He couldn’t believe it. Out of the corner of his eyes, he saw that Sherlock had gone pale again. His dark curls contrasted sharply with his fair skin; his mouth was a colorless line.
“As appealing as your deduction skills sometimes are, John, I am quite sure by now that you are very much aware of the fact that you are more. A lot more.”
As he looks at John now, all smiles, soft eyes and enticing cologne, he concludes that he may not know what John appreciates in a romantic partner but if his requirements could be met within their life together at 221b, Sherlock would do his utmost to meet them.
“What? Rejecting a 9 and without the usual attitude?” John heard himself say and he chuckled because it all felt so weird and unreal again. He saw Sherlock’s lips crook into a lopsided smile, his eyes ablaze with light.
It isn’t like John to wear one of his best jumpers while fully lounging at home on an uneventful night. So a date later tonight perhaps? It has certainly been a while now. Three months? Four?
“But I don’t want— “ Sherlock trails off and rather skims delicate fingers along his neck and waist, studiously ignoring the request. John acquiesces and comes to exactly the right conclusion. He closes his eyes and breathes for a long moment.
John smiles, a secret kiss tucked into the corner of his mouth and Sherlock thinks how well that goes with the twinkle in his eyes. John, oblivious, lowers his hands and dabs at the toast crumbs.
“Okay, if you really want to play this game, first things first, Sherlock: Your definition could also apply to doing drugs. But you could say I am basically producing this argument because doing drugs touches your style of life. And second: Seriously-“
"And outweighing all my options made me see reason. I figured-- you wouldn’t take it too good if I kept secrets-- or restrains. So I don’t keep them anymore. I have to warn you, though. I don’t have a dating history and therefore it is beyond me to know how this is to be done properly but don’t think I am not comfortable here.”
Thank you again as always to my BAMF-beta-reader Kisa, who sometimes understands Sherlock better than she wants to.
John instantly huffs a laugh and the sound reverberates through the silent bedroom. “You’ve figured that out, didn’t you?”
“Uhm,” he breathes but it’s hard somehow to align his thoughts with the surroundings. All the words are gone.
There, John glances at him again. Sherlock’s brain is far too busy processing, which thoroughly keeps his mouth shut and all the insults about public transport locked in his throat. The whole magnitude of the mystery has his attention and all his bodily capacities are so entranced and diverted that, when it’s their station, he stumbles out of the train and nearly topples over onto his front. He is able to catch himself on the doorframe of the compartment but it’s a very close call.
Sherlock was silent while John ate, his gaze roaming the room and once in a while flickering back to John, as if to ensure he was still there.
A few days after their celebration John took the tea kettle off the stove and poured water into two cups standing on the counter. It was still an hour until he scheduled to meet an old university friend along with his friend's wife and her sister, whom he was to be introduced to tonight. He was wearing his favorite shoes, a close fitting dark blue jumper and had his hair combed back nice and casual. A quick look into the mirror in the bathroom confirmed he was looking his best tonight. He felt good, everything was back to normal, him going out on a date and Sherlock staying in, doing whatever it was he did. He’d dated a lot of women, John mused, trying to ignore the certain tone these words had. It had become an integral part of his life in the last two years. He liked dating, it was fun most of the time and he usually didn't give it a second thought when it didn't work out. A casual and distracting way to spend free time and John had never thought about stopping it just because Sherlock had become the center of his every day life again. It seemed ridiculous, John told himself, to stop just because he was feeling weird about Sherlock Holmes lately.
"Let’s not get this champagne go to waste,” he announced and Sherlock gave John one of his long-suffering-looks.
John. “I have a fairly good idea about the cabbie that drove the two victims to the river bank. We might ask him about a specific little device Molly’s found. Take your gun.”
Just as he pulls all his wits together, heaving in a large breath and gearing up for what he cannot circumvent, John nervously licks his lips beside him and clears his throat.
He’s heard these words before – in sappy movies and boring and predictable TV shows he’s watched for scientific research on human behavior and reactions to stimuli and sentiments. He’s always rolled his eyes and thought it all petty and pathetic.
He couldn’t finish his sentence because a startled cry had fallen from Sherlock’s lips and his eyes had turned very wide. And then he was kissing him, deep and sensuous, wounding his naked form under John’s body again, caging him in his arms, his legs locking behind John’s knees. When he whispered “Take me, John, I am yours.” it sounded like a command and John knew that New Scotland Yard had to wait a little longer today.
His gaze roamed over Sherlock’s face in a mixture of hope and doubt, his brows furrowed. He huffed in frustration, coming up blank.
Inhaling deeply to muster his courage he noticed faint traces of cold smoke and the slight metallic smell of the morgue on him but it didn’t bother him. He inhaled again.
John shook his head, adrenaline rushing through his body and now that he heard Sherlock say these words he knew that, whatever he had told himself the past few days, ignorance and forgiveness were two very separate things.
Sherlock looked smug now. John couldn't believe it. He felt a faint warmth creep into his cheeks and his fingers turned sweaty. Why on earth would this impossible man go and google his date? He licked his lips.
John closed his eyes and tried to push his thoughts away. He would have to deal with them later, once they escaped. If they escaped. Looking at Sherlock just made him so angry… and so afraid at the same time.
Undressing in his bedroom John threw his soiled clothes onto the floor. He had taken a shower earlier but wearing the old garments on his way home made him long for a hot, long bath now. But that bliss had to wait. Tugging into sweatpants and a comfy jumper he stepped down the stairs again into the sitting room and began his thorough search of their whole flat.
“Maybe he likes talking to me better than he does to you. You always give him the feeling he’s a kindergartener.”
“Sherlock, what’s flipping your switch, mmh?” John asks with an amused smile and Sherlock’s attention instantly snaps to his outstretched hand holding the cup of steaming tea in front of him.
Sherlock is totally lost and doesn’t know what to do with himself. For the first time in years he feels miserably lonely. He solves the case of the drowned child with the fair curls and the Michael Jackson CD tucked into his pocket the second day but it offers only a brief relief. John will be gone for another four days and Sherlock absolutely hates it.
“Boss won’t like that much,” the man said, motioning for them to rise. They did, slowly, hands raised and heads high.
Sherlock’s voice tumbles to nothing much more than a deep whisper, a simple breath of air carrying John’s name out into the silent lab. His spine starts tingling deliciously and he wonders why John hasn’t stepped away yet and brought a safe distance between them. It all doesn’t make any sense but Sherlock, for the life of him, cannot move a single muscle. He feels a bit like a satellite out of the orbit. He can only stare, slightly drunk and out of his wits, because,
John’s body gives an involuntary twitch and he snuggles closer still. Warm and damp breath circles Sherlock’s shoulder in deep puffs of air, hip bones press into his side while a kneecap nudges at his upper thigh and comes up to rest over his leg - and where John’s body lazily starts seeking friction flimsy pajama bottoms are just no barrier at all. They do nothing to hide the impact of tissue to tissue, of being to being.
He felt utterly shattered when he awoke in the early afternoon, head and heart hurting and asked for tranquillizers.
“Just don’t, we’d all be happier,” Sherlock says sharply, cutting her off, and hurries into his coat. “Keep the carcass fresh and the spleen in, I’ll be back tonight.” He doesn’t turn around again to catch Molly’s retort and strides out of the morgue and into a cab.
“As it is, I am just not sharing all the details, that’s all. You would know if you’d been paying more attention to what I am saying, John.”
"Oh, John, please! You know how I hate exchanging pleasantries if it isn’t absolutely necessary." Sherlock's voice dripped of disdain.
Sherlock gasps in exaggerated horror. “God, beware, they will attempt to think and I will be annoyed.”
John turned to Sherlock, looking him over. He found him returning his gaze, something incredibly intense, soft and tender going on behind his eyes. John cleared his throat, deciding to be brave.
“Did he send you here to torment me, the meddling busybody?” He turns on Lestrade. “I will not work for Mycroft. Brexit is
John suddenly has his arms around him and puts one hand onto his neck to slowly bend his head down. Their foreheads touch and John chuckles. He looks tired but his eyes still twinkle. “I wasn’t asking because I wanted a full chemical record and half a sociological study about love through the age of mankind, you know.” He chuckles again but the sound gets muffled by his lips nuzzling around Sherlock’s jaw bone. “I just wanted to know if I stand a chance with you in the greater scheme of things but I guess you’ve already answered that.” He smiles and Sherlock knows that he’d given the game away the second the words ‘romantic inclination’ and ‘affairs of the heart’ tumbled over his lips.
Since they’ve moved in together again John’s dating history has been a rather sparse one so it’s perhaps only logical for John now to resume looking for a significant other. Sherlock has strained his patience thin and has repeatedly told himself to be grateful John came back and not to get overly jealous again and scare John’s girlfriends off like he’s done before the fall. But it’s quite a feat, because Sherlock has always been ridiculously possessive towards everything
John’s face instantly flushed as did Sherlock’s but then he saw something in the other man’s eyes that made his heart do an odd lurch and start beating frantically against Sherlock’s chest.
Sherlock is back in his favourite chair again with his laptop on his knees after spending half the day in the garden department of a DIY store. He planned to write an article for his website about the different varieties and the quantity of smoke that forms over bonfires according to the combination of wood and the size of the respective logs used in the fire. But somehow he could not properly concentrate.
But that may also just align with John’s behavior towards him in particular. John has a caring nature and is way more perceptive than he’s given credit for. Sometimes unintentionally so. Nevertheless, being a former soldier John is a born protector, loyal, a born carer – he’s the one who buys the milk. And since John has been discharged from the army it has always felt that the substitute he’s needed to make up for its loss he has found in Sherlock.
“Thank you. Show me the other arm”, John said and his voice came out somewhat dry. Sherlock fumbled with the buttons on his right sleeve but after a moment John reached out to help him.
He is still panting and his ribcage feels so tight that his hand has to clutch at his heart to keep it from fluttering out of his chest.
Molly is off in her office, which means they are alone and since there is nothing Sherlock can do about the Valentine-flower-conundrum at the moment - and he decidedly
Sherlock’s voice was like velvet and when he kissed his temple, the gesture was so tender and full of trust that something in John’s heart nearly broke.
Now that that’s been settled, Sherlock thinks gleefully, he doesn’t have to grumbly clamp his mouth shut and swallow a caustic retort when Mrs. Hudson loudly presumes they live in sin. Because, clearly, now they do and it’s glorious.
John only looks at him with slightly narrowed eyes but when he shakes his head again it isn’t totally devoid of mirth and fondness.
“Why don’t you sleep, John?” Sherlock whispers but it's only pretend as he doesn’t allow time enough for John to answer when his head dips, closes the distance between them and their lips meet.
“I haven’t heard from her in years. She is of no concern,” Sherlock says and finds his voice is low and final.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and before John could answer, he grabbed John’s hand that held the phone and put both to his ear.
“Why don’t you two answer your bloody phones?” Lestrade asks, clearly distracted by Sherlock’s state of undress but trying not to let it show. There are holes beneath the seams of his night shirt where it meets his throat and pelvis. No time to stop and don a dressing gown. Sherlock bristles. “Slept” he offers gruffly by way of an elaborate explanation. He stalls the next question that is blooming in the puzzled look Lestrade grants him with by narrowing his eyes sternly. “Why didn’t you knock?”
When he found nothing, he moved to the bed. Sherlock hadn’t slept in it last night, of that John was very sure. He gently lifted the dark blue duvet and soft cream sheets with both hands. It felt very intimate to him and his heartbeat accelerated. He was nervous and fought to resist the urge to press the sheets to his nose. Longing was building in him, a terribly sad longing towards the man inhabiting this bedroom. Being in here suddenly felt like a very sensitive, personal and highly intimate journey through his feelings towards the other man and he blushed at the thought of the words “Sherlock Holmes” and “romantic and sexual issue” in the same room. Gathering himself, he got down on his knees and looked under the bed.
, like he matters more to John’s well-being than anything else, like the word is the only conclusion, a matter of course - and along with the warmth John’s body is engulfing him in now it makes all the difference.
They bickered affectionately for a few minutes, bathing in each other’s attention. Sharing chaste but by no means less enthusiastic kisses. But then Sherlock’s forehead contorted and John watched him recall something that had happened last night.
He gripped Sherlock’s elbow with his free hand and let his nose travel up to Sherlock’s ear and into his dark curls and then he just knew.
A few moments later John seems to be done reading the descriptions of the different dishes and meets Sherlock’s gaze over the menu card. “Care to share a bottle of wine?” he asks, his tone carefully neutral, and licks his lips. “Rosé or white?”
talk, Sherlock, there is just so much I want you to know. But we really need to shower first and change. I can’t have this conversation in stained trousers.”
John’s name gets stuck somewhere between his Adam’s apple and tongue in the process. Someone gasps audibly and Sherlock cannot obviate that it definitely wasn’t him but it is of no real importance whatsoever.
A part of Sherlock’s mind wonders if they are at homonymic sentences again but he shakes it off, left puzzled and with yet another conundrum. Why, after all this waiting on his part, doesn’t John make another move on him just now? It doesn't fit the data Sherlock has collected about him. John is confident, loves sex, loves conquering if the appalling number of women he indulged in is anything to go by and Sherlock is ready to be fair game and redefine his standards - he’s showed as much, there can be no doubt, so why—
To their palpable relief, they also don’t get blown up in a wave of heat and force and fire when Sherlock breaks the envelope’s wax seal open. He quickly glances at John, whose face has slacked a little around the mouth in relief, before he slides his fingers under the flap, tugs it out and peers inside.
"Sherlock, I am going out," John announced when he put a fourth cup of tea next to Sherlock on the table.
The bed was separating them and Sherlock looked at him, his gaze flickering repeatedly down onto matrass and linen, an expression like stage fright on his face. Without giving it much thought, John simply reached out his hand and brought his knees to rest onto the matrass, his feet dangling in mid-air.
It is just past eight o’clock now and the last toxin test on the cardstock will take at least another forty minutes. Sherlock is getting a bit restless, idle waiting not exactly being his forte. It has crossed his mind that someone may have overheard him and Molly talking about cardiac arrhythmias when he brought the mice here. After all foxglove is a known naturopathic medicine against cardiac arrhythmias but since they’d had that discussion at around 2:30 am on a Sunday it’s all highly unlikely.
“Your day didn’t progress as planned,” he states firmly. “You would have preferred it to have another conclusion.” He knows his words sound clinical but he’s found that passionless science is the best approach of every problem.
’ Sherlock can see his mobile screen flicker merrily where it rests on the stretcher next to the pig’s carcass and he blows an errand curl out of his eyes. Next to him Molly raises a curious eyebrow.
It is not his clothes that influences John’s glances towards him. Every time John had employed the enigma of his eyes on him Sherlock had worn a different shirt. He needs more data to suss out a connection. John’s face had looked lost the first and second time Sherlock had noticed him glancing but now, now he is smiling. It is a smile with a secret quality, just there, around the corners of his lips. Sherlock has never thought about John’s lips before but now that he’s started wondering he is aware that they may be thin, yes, but every time John’s tongue dabs them moist Sherlock feels weird lately and has to fight the ridiculous urge to either show off or open the topmost button on his shirt to be able to breathe properly and stop sweating.
Sherlock gave a spasmodic push upwards, grinding their hips together again. His leg that wasn’t trapped in between John and the back of the sofa lifted and wound its way around John, aligning their arousals and John’s heart went wild.
Christ, could this be any more seductive? John had glanced upwards the moment Sherlock’s hips ground against him. The way his mouth had fallen open and his hands pressed into the matrass, his fingers gripping fistfuls of linen and a deep moan tumbling from his lips, made John seize Sherlock’s pants and yank them down unceremoniously.
“I shall explain the details to you in due time. I left the wooden box in my room for you to find,” he rushed on when everything John could do was open his mouth and close it again a few times in silence.
. Wants with mind and body alike. It’s terrifying but at same time Sherlock cannot deny how thrilled he feels.
Sherlock heard John turn on the shower once he’s entered his bedroom again and listens at the door for a long moment, clad only in a towel around his hips while his curls drip water onto the floor. They hadn’t met in the hallway in front of the loo and it had seemed like John was deliberately giving him space to sort out his thoughts. As Sherlock craned his neck he could see John’s silhouette in the opal glass of the door. He turned and retreated to the privacy of his room when he saw John take off his shirt and bend down to get rid of his trousers. His heart fluttered wildly. He’d been totally unfamiliar with that desire and the longing part and in the quiet of his own room he felt flustered and a bit unsure again.
Sherlock is at a loss. But it was definitely secret, sacred, as if it meant something to John he doesn’t want anyone else to see, probably least of all Sherlock. Each glance was a very private moment and Sherlock still feels like he has invaded the other man’s private space - blundered into it. Sherlock has been waiting for John to glance at him again to collect more data but so far it hasn’t happened. Which is unsettling in itself. Sherlock wonders what three absent days mean in the great scheme of things and if there actually is one to begin with. It is quite an interesting challenge.
“We hacked it three weeks ago, while you were busy playing the remorseful fallen angel, finally returning home. You didn’t notice.”
Maybe that was why Sherlock avoided him. It was a mess. But Sherlock was his best friend and they had to make up at some point or John could never be happy again. They had already wasted too much time.
Reluctantly Sherlock picked his right hand off John’s nape and fumbled in his pocket for the phone. His hands were trembling badly and he nearly dropped it.
Sherlock was lounging on the couch, for once with his own laptop, three untouched cups of tea gone cold on the coffee table, wearing his silk pajamas and nightgown. He was wiggling his toes on the small table in front of him, narrowly avoiding the teacups and a saucer with three human eyeballs, his full concentration directed at the screen of his laptop.
“Stop here, we’re getting off,” John orders the cabbie and fumbles in his pockets. Before Sherlock can react anyhow, John plucks a note from his wallet and hands it to the driver, who has pulled over into a small driveway in front of a brightly illuminated restaurant.
He heard Sherlock exhale and then move towards him, grabbing his coat off of the chair next to John’s bed in silence. When the door clicked shut behind him a few seconds later, John pressed the heels of his hands into his eyes, fighting down tears.
“John, can I have a quick word?” Lestrade staggered tipsily when he put his arm around John’s shoulders and pulled him out of the loose circle. John was nevertheless thankful and together they sauntered into the direction of the back garden. Lestrade raised his champagne glass and clinked it to the rim of John’s glass. Both smiled to each other, Lestrade bending forwards to stare into his eyes over-dramatically, and drank.
“John, what-? I though you…?” she starts, puzzles, and, like in a theatre play, flicks her gaze from one man to the other and back.
. He doesn’t usually want to get close to people, both in physical as in psychical ways. It’s tedious, it’s just too much. And it is dangerous, he knows it is. People do just so many questionable and stupid things out of sentiment. They get lost and Sherlock doesn’t want that.
But, no, even if it all pans out to Sherlock’s desire, it probably wouldn’t, because John is a romantic and would want to verbally acknowledge something as life-changing as a potential romantic relationship with Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock suddenly had his phone in his hand and John saw its bluish glow turn Sherlock’s features ghostlike. His brain clicked, coming to the right solution. Sherlock saw, and tilted his head once into a curt nod.
Sherlock’s eyes showed everything but his full attention and his thumb stopped circling John’s hipbones. John slid off his hips to sit between his legs. In this position he was smaller again but the lost contact with Sherlock’s most private parts helped him clear his brain and made coherent thought possible again.
Turning in front of their bathroom mirror he’s tried to see his frame from every possible angle and had wondered in a brief surge of self-consciousness if John liked what he had to offer and if it would be enough. He’s scanned the pale expanse of his chest with the dusting of dark hair around the nipples and in the space between his pectorals before skimming a hand around his left latissimus dorsi down to his hipbones and gluteus maximus. Lithe, yes, definitely - lithe and pale but firm, flexible. Not as inaccessible and gaunt as he used to be. He’d lost most of the sharper angles around his joints when John introduced strict regular eating patterns between cases when he moved in three and a half years ago. It is just one of the small things John ameliorated instinctively.
For one so unassuming with his non-descript jumpers and harmless, even boring appearance, John is surprisingly witty, sassy even. Capable and strong and positively riveting in his intricate complexity; a drawer of hidden treasures. The day he’d limped into Sherlock’s life can never be cherished enough. In fact, Valentine’s Day should be replaced by it.
“I didn’t,” Sherlock is quick to agree and they fondly smile at each other. It’s amazing how a smile changes John’s whole body language and Sherlock pushes down his blossoming jealousy about the anonymous date of John’s as deep as it will go. It could all be so incredibly easy if he himself were John’s date. His romantic interest. The thought gives him pause.
“Has the wife reported anything out of the ordinary in this room? Any missing objects, moved furniture or similar things?”
His mood is dwindling rapidly. He can feel a strop coming and makes a mental note to text Mycroft and complain about sports in general and about the fact in particular that the surveillance system his older brother has undoubtedly spun around him has been unable to provide him with an appropriate ride home today from yet another crime scene.
They fall into silent tension again, their eyes everywhere but in the others' face because even a short venture into bickering cannot mar the need of setting the lines and getting a grip on desires and stipulations. Of forming sentiment into words. Sherlock doesn't want to feel vulnerable in front of John and expressing his feelings vocally will make him be exactly that. Especially after John has declined him. Sherlock finds he still feels uneasy.
“No, I don’t. I just-- I don’t want to ruin things. You don’t have to do this only to have me forgive you.”
Hell, if it had been anyone else John would have got down to business without a second thought, undressing the other and dragging them off to bed. But with Sherlock it felt different, sacred, as if the normal conditions, the normal parameters couldn’t be applied here. And Sherlock himself hadn’t done anything to change their situation so far, to let it tumble into perfectly new territory. He’d only kissed John, hands gripping his arms and shoulders, fingers raking through John’s hair, and had whispered his name again and again.
He bends his arms, lifts his right leg and though his trousers prove to be a tad too tight, he masters a full twirl.
“No. I am afraid it is all quite inapt”, Sherlock negates. His throat is suddenly tightening with thick emotion and it’s all entirely new territory. It might be true what John has said earlier about kissing in the dark and how it might feel different in the morning. But Sherlock is sure that in their case it won’t. It is not that he isn’t thankful for the relative absence of light because it makes admitting the following a little easier. “I am sorry I didn’t see it, John. Really sorry.”
Mrs. Hudson interrupts by tuting at him. “Oh, look at you being all peeved because no one has given you flowers,” she says with a teasing smile. “I’ll talk to John, he’s supposed to do the job.” She frowns at him. “Really Sherlock, since he’s making you live in sin with him, he should at least buy you flowers to lift up your mood today.”
“I want it, too. And I won’t change my mind” Sherlock says, smiling because it would all be worthless without John anyway and when he puts their mouths together he can kiss the stars.
It had always been a known fact to John Watson, that there were things unimaginable that, to no one’s better or worse judgment, found their way into reality. Things one could not, in any case, be prepared for. When confronted with something with which that was the case he would either dig his nose into business, get it done and learn as much as possible or find a way to work around it and prepare for next time. He wasn’t much of an ignorer and had always prided himself with a certain boldness and a good thirst for both knowledge and imagination. The latter proved to be unreliable sometimes but he put that to human nature and not necessarily his own personality. Imagination had served him well most of the time, even though he wasn’t a great fan of getting lost in day dreaming. His practical nature had always restrained him in that matter.
"You're wearing your favorite shoes, your hair looks good, you left with an aura of anticipation and now you're back after only a few hours with hunched shoulders and an air of gruffness, ready to spend your night with booze at home. But that’s probably too obvious.“
“We’re going to Bart’s,” Sherlock announces, a complete non-sequitur, and immediately starts to wrap up the foxglove into the remains of its box.
"Wait, you need to clink your glass to mine and look into my eyes, otherwise it's seven years of bad sex."
Thank you so much for reading. At this point I should probably mention that I am not a native speaker but I gave it my best and since my beta-magician did all she could, all the remaining mistakes are entirely my own. I’ve got the setting of their flat a bit wrong, I am afraid but I hope you’ll forgive me.
Sherlock had already taken off on his long legs, dark cloak billowing behind him. John cleared his throat and followed, feeling fatalistic all of a sudden. Sherlock’s head turned when he caught up with him, lips forming an expectant smile.
“I am just the messenger, Sherlock. Please do settle your issues without me.” Lestrade has raised his hands in a surrendering gesture, the demeanor of a man who knows a lost battle when he sees one. Now, he lets them fall again and clears his throat. “Well,” he says and the relief of having conveyed and settled what he came here for is evident in his voice. He scratches his neck, his eyes resting on John for a brief moment before he turns to leave.
Right from when they first met at Bart’s all this time ago Sherlock had been incredibly special. Because no matter what that ingenious madman did, John went along, covering his lack of social conformity, filling himself into the cracks and holes to even them out. Looking out for him. And Sherlock had always readily returned the favor, in his own peculiar way. But now John had the feeling things had gone terribly wrong between them and he was wondering whether or not Sherlock still trusted him as he used to do.
A loud bang suddenly rang out, tearing the air. John was sure it must have been a bullet that had come loose from the man’s gun. He looked around wildly and saw Sherlock tackling the man, toppling over him, and pinning him to the ground. The tall detective grabbed the gun, but couldn’t hold onto it when he lost his balance and stumbled to the ground. In the blink of an eye John comprehended that Sherlock was having a hard time fighting the man down. They were still rolling on the floor, Sherlock on top, his elbow in the man’s face, when John threw himself into the game a second time, aiming a good kick at his head.
John shakes his head vigorously when he says, “No, no, I am not angry with you, why would you think that? It’s me who-“ He waves a hand through the air, lost for words. “I don’t really understand what’s going on, to be frank.” He moves and a moment later he is standing right in front of Sherlock, feet planted into the ground and shoulders set in a firm line.
On Wednesday afternoon he texted Sherlock to inquire where he was and if he was fine. The answer came immediately, informing him that Sherlock was safe and sound and currently busy in the morgue. A minute later his phone buzzed again.
Reading him well, John grabs his hand, turns around and kneels between Sherlock’s legs, a small grin on his face. The sheet has come loose around his hips and legs and Sherlock feels the color rising in his cheeks due to the spectacular amount of hard muscles under tan skin John is flashing him with. His own cock certainly deems it spectacular.
“Don’t ask me questions now, John, please don’t,” he said in a painfully low voice that was completely devoid of the mirth they had just shared. And when Sherlock turned again, his eyes seemed too old for his face.
“Thank you, you really know how to phrase a compliment.” John hesitates. “Sherlock, I should probably-”
Sherlock’s blood sings with the words and his reaction is instinctive when he tilts forward to capture John’s mouth again. Instantaneously, John leans into him and where their first kiss was tentative and chaste, a statement kiss to convey intention, the seconds quickly morphs into something different, something considerably more wanton. John eagerly laps at his lower lip and Sherlock readily accepts the invitation and opens his mouth to brush their tongues together. Heat courses through him, making him skittish and clumsily as he pulls John closer, bumping noses and torn between the desire to rake his hands over John’s body to touch as much as possible and grip both his hands and encircle them in his so John can never pull away.
„There really wasn't the slightest chance of you spending your night somewhere else? I still have an experiment going on."
"Now would you stop being petulant. Greg and his team did help a lot, it’s their job. Don't ever forget how they don't have to let you participate at all."
Sherlock’s head is still so wrapped up in the dream that he only nods but doesn’t pay close attention to what he’s babbling.
Only his concept has never really applied to John, Sherlock concedes. Because John is special, a category of his own, but maybe Sherlock is just deluding himself in his confusion because he has never had a friend like John before. Never really has had a friend before at all, to be blatantly exact. He’s not totally clueless, though. He’s known people at school and at university but they’ve either put up with him to exploit his brilliant mind or because they were forced to not exclude him.
As he lets John take his hand, pull him out of bed and propel him into the loo, where John switches on the tap before engulfing him in his sturdy arms to pull him close and kiss him enthusiastically, Sherlock thinks that Valentine’s Day is still a highly overrated and stupid day and he will never ever succumb to buying flowers or ridiculous heart shaped balloons. He will never be as pathetic as setting store in such a day to cherish his beloved and what they share, what is blooming and progressing between them. He will certainly, should it work out between his brother and Lestrade, use
“Your head looks okay. It will heal quickly and cleanly, no concussion. We didn’t even have to stitch you up. You might feel a bit queasy. Shall I fetch you something to settle your stomach?”
“What do you mean?” he asks and Sherlock indicates the space their bodies create in the secluded area of their kitchen as well as everything that had happened between them so far. John thinks for a moment again and then says “I don’t know what it is you’re feeling but for me— yeah. Yes— it feels like that.”
Okay, to be perfectly honest: It always feels best when they are together and he’s sure John would employ the same opinion when asked. They’ve been good, all these years. They offered each other what was appropriate and needed. And it had always been enough. Yet, they’ve always been more than the label ‘best friends’ could ever define them, considering the fact that they live together, work cases together, sort of pool their money and spend most of their time together. But Sherlock has never paid much attention to what exactly it was they had, what their association was, the way they are around each other, and what it could potentially imply to the world.
John mouths a kiss to his shoulder. “Of course you’d do something— extraordinary. We can trade embarrassing childhood stories, if that makes you feel save,” John offers a moment later and huffs exaggeratedly. “I’ve learned the clarinet when I was eight but I can’t say I’d recommend listening to me play. I am dreadful. And in seventh grade—”
“And what would your advice be worth then, Mycroft? Or are you offering me collateral to induce him to confess?”
say anything, gives voice to his feelings, his attraction and, inevitably, his unsuitability and uncertainties, if he lays himself bare at John’s feet, there is a distinctive chance that John might leave. Or let him down, which would make things less final but more awkward and probably result in John leaving in the long run. That way only darkness lies and Sherlock actually dreads to face the consequences of a life without his conductor of light. Two years he’d waited to be with John again and resume their former life at Baker Street and so far they are doing a pretty good job of it. However, Sherlock knows he wants more and biding his time until a moment that might as well never come is just excruciating.
miss for all he’s worth but Sherlock concedes he definitely could care less and it is just way too lovely how John’s eyes twinkle at the memory. “Buckingham Palace, yes, you without pants at Buckingham Palace. It was so hilarious… so very you. I guess that’s when I for sure knew.”
Sherlock instantly raised his hand to his mouth, furiously rubbing at his chin. John wasn’t sure if he actually saw a faint red covering his pale cheeks, because he was so covered in dust.
It had been insufferably easy, giving Sherlock no reconciliation whatsoever, to judge the gangsters, who loitered around schools and parks to sell their stuff, to trap them at it and send five of them to prison. Unfortunately no one seemed to know the location of their drug lab. Furthermore, two of them were able to flee the scene of their capture without having their faces seen, giving Lestrade a sprained ankle in the process of pursuit.
Listlessly browsing the menu card a very attentive waitress has put in front of him, Sherlock tries to deduce John without being too conspicuous about it, but the doctor’s otherwise expressible face is forcibly blank. The table they sit at is very nicely adorned with, thankfully, not too much Valentine embellishment; only a napkin with small hearts that could pass of as dots and a tiny plate with two pieces of heart shaped chocolate. There is a candle, though, and John’s silver-blond hair shines like molten gold in the soft illumination. They are sitting vis-à-vis in a lovely corner next to the window and Sherlock is careful to not bump his knees against John’s under the table.
What is it that makes John do that? Sherlock casts a look around to Lestrade, Anderson and a forensic whose name he hadn’t bothered to remember but it appears no one has paid John enough attention to notice anything. The underlying tension in the room tells him that everybody is waiting for him to either deduce the incident, get into a strop or, in Anderson's case, come up blank. Though that is a favor Sherlock will never do. It is quite a feat to not constantly allude to how useless and presumptuous he finds the man.
Sherlock sat very still next to him, so John went on, working everything off his heart in a rush. It seemed like, after what they’d been through together in the past weeks, what he’d been through in the past four days, he needed to make things clear between them. He didn’t care about giving up and saying what he had to say didn’t feel like it.
where only the limitations of Sherlock’s pajama waistband restrain him, his eyes full of a desire Sherlock has never seen directed at him in any way before. A desire that seems to encompass more than just his body.
John dabs his lips again and Sherlock is thoroughly and helplessly captivated. Why has he never noticed all these possibilities before? They are plentiful - everything that could potentially be imaginable between two human beings and,
John watched Sherlock, transfixed. The world had turned mute again but only for a second. He put his teacup back on the table.
, why does his mind feel so hazy all of a sudden? His heart is beating frantically in his chest but he feels daft and unable to move.
Sherlock turns to Lestrade, who is checking the latch of the only window in the room wide enough to allow in anything bigger than a cat. He won’t have any luck with it, though, Sherlock has already established with a quick glance. It’s perfectly in shape and has not been tempered with.
“It must have come as a blow, seeing him surface again. Actually, I was so relieved. I have always wanted to know… Did you two… mmmh… talk about… your… mmmh… it all?”
“How can you know? There’re enough people out there who clearly hold a grudge against you, maybe someone’s out for revenge of some sort.”
and whether his sentimental affiliation no longer is a secret and has finally come to light. He swallows in unease. “What about John?” he asks, deliberately irritated and much fiercer than the question actually requires, but Molly doesn’t buy it.
Sherlock came over to the bed, and rigidly sat on the chair next to John, his long legs crossed awkwardly. Now that he was closer, John was aware of a nervous energy that was buzzing between them, emitting so many possibilities that John felt quite overwhelmed and intimidated. Grounding his knuckles, he looked Sherlock full in the face, and saw that he obviously hadn’t washed so far. There was dirt on his cheeks, little flakes of chipped wood in his hair, and something darker in the space between bottom lip and jaw bone that looked distinctively like blood.
“I wasn’t dead, yes. Molly helped me. She made sure I looked dead and then helped me vanish. Mycroft took care of the rest. I am not sorry I did it, because it meant keeping you save. I am just sorry I hurt you so much. I decided life with me around would only make you bait to trouble. You had to move on and that’s why I never contacted you.”
